


FOREVER SWEETHEARTS
A LOVE STORY

By R. Barri Flowers


Copyright 2012 by R. Barri Flowers at Smashwords. All rights reserved.


Cover Image Copyright 2012 by ponsuwan
Used under license from http://www.shutterstock.com


Forever Sweethearts is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, business establishments, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.


Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Other Books by R. Barri Flowers

Ghost Girl in Shadow Bay: A Young Adult Haunted House Mystery
Danger in Time: A Young Adult Time Travel Mystery
Dark Streets of Whitechapel: A Jack the Ripper Mystery
Dead in the Rose City: A Dean Drake Mystery
Love Aboard the Titanic/Billy the Kid's Wife
Justice Served: A Barkley and Parker Thriller
Killer in the Woods: A Psychological Thriller
Murder in Honolulu: A Skye Delaney Mystery
Murder in Maui: A Leila Kahana Mystery
Persuasive Evidence: A Jordan La Fontaine Legal Thriller
State's Evidence: A Beverly Mendoza Legal Thriller

* * *



To my college sweetheart, whose love and support has spanned the decades and given me the inspiration to pen this novel and many others through the years. I love you, Cinderella Red.

To my alma mater Michigan State University, prominently featured in this novel as a wonderful place where dreams are made and love always deserves a second chance.

And to Rani Ogitani, a nice fan supportive of worthy causes. Enjoy the book, Rani!

* * *

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Chapter 42
Chapter 43
Chapter 44
Chapter 45
Chapter 46
Chapter 47
Love at the Fair – Bonus Short Story
Billy the Kid's Wife: A Timeless Romance Short – Bonus Excerpts
About the Author


PROLOGUE

September 2013
Maui, Hawaii

Taylor Mitchell sat on the park bench on this bright, sunny day, watching happily as her two grandchildren played with each other as if to see which one could impress her the most. As far as she was concerned, they were equally the apples of her eye and she was thrilled to be able to spend time with them. Just as she was when their mother was a little girl and had commanded her full attention.
So much time had passed since Taylor was a young mother and wife. An even more time had gone by since she was a college student experiencing love for the first time. She could scarcely believe the twists and turns her life had taken over the years, many of which she could never have predicted.
Most people were in the same boat, not always knowing what was in front of them, and often wishing they had more control over what had brought them to this point.
She was now in her mid-fifties and on her second marriage to a man she had known for more than thirty-five years. If she could only turn back the hands of time, they might have had a chance to do things differently. Or was that just wishful thinking on her part? Maybe there were no shortcuts in life and things would have turned out exactly the same no matter what.
If so, Taylor was certain that she would go through it again and again if it would bring her to this point in her life where everything seemed right and she couldn't be more happy.
She focused again on her grandchildren, thinking about the long life they had ahead of them where they would have their own choices to make in determining their future.
It would always come by virtue of the past.
Taylor's thoughts drifted back to ten years ago when a simple phone call set into motion a chain of events that would change her life forever...


CHAPTER ONE

September 2003
East Lansing, Michigan

"May I speak to Taylor Braxton," the caller said.
Taylor froze when she heard the name. The caller had referred to her as Taylor Braxton—not Taylor Holland, a woman married for nearly twenty years with a nineteen-year-old daughter. No, she thought, it had to be an echo from the distant past when she still used her maiden name. But who would be calling her? She hadn't kept in touch with many people from the early 1980s and before, which was obvious here, since the caller was not speaking to her as the forty-six-year-old woman she was today.
A flutter of nervous anticipation kept Taylor on edge as she held the phone close to her ear, trying to see if she could recognize the woman's voice, but to no avail. She fretfully hand-brushed away strands of her frosted blonde hair, stylishly cut to just above her shoulders, that had found their way in front of her uniquely bold green eyes.
How did she get this number? Taylor asked herself, stumped. The last I knew it was unlisted.
Was this someone's idea of a practical joke? she wondered.
Taylor speculated on what the odds were that the caller could have dialed the wrong number wishing to speak to a lady who just happened to be named Taylor Braxton. How about a million to one, she thought, quickly dismissing the notion.
Taylor suspected all would be answered in due time. But first she had to recover from her shock long enough to respond to the caller. She switched the handset to her other ear and stood up from the brass bed, glancing briefly at the window. The basswood shutters were barely open, but enough for the sun's glare to nearly blind her on this late September morning.
"This is Taylor Braxton," she uttered. Even then, Taylor felt funny saying it. Much like a chicken calling itself an egg again. "Actually, I'm now..."
Taylor was cut off as the caller said: "Taylor Holland. I knew that. I am so sorry. I was thinking about your maiden name and somehow it just stuck, and..."
This time it was Taylor's turn to break in. "Can you tell me what this is about?" She didn't want to sound rude but, frankly, her life was too busy for solicitations—even if they were intriguing ones.
"Ms. Holland," the woman said abruptly, "my name is Sarah Knight. Are you familiar with the hot new reality TV series called Forever Sweethearts?"
Who isn't? Taylor thought. Not unless you'd been living in a cave the past year. Next to Survivor, it had proven to be the second most successful reality show on television of late, amongst a throng of them that had hit the airwaves over the last five years and showed no sign of disappearing anytime soon. And while Taylor had not watched Forever Sweethearts—and actually didn't personally know anyone who had—she couldn't help but see the frequent promos during other shows, along with a blitz of appearances by participants on entertainment programs.
"Yes, I've heard about the series," Taylor said tentatively, wondering exactly where this was going.
Sarah seemed to perk up. "Well good—that's a start. I'm an assistant for the producer of the show. The reason I'm calling is because your former sweetheart—Vaughn Mitchell—contacted the show. Of course, it takes two to reunite, so he told us what he knew about you, which wasn't much, and we took it from there—"
Taylor's knees were suddenly shaking so badly that she quickly sat down on the bed's tapestry coverlet before she fell.
Vaughn Mitchell.
The memories suddenly came flooding back as though Taylor had just stepped into a time machine and landed squarely back in 1978 again. Vaughn Mitchell was a name she had tried her best to forget over the years, but it had been about as impossible as forgetting that she was once Taylor Braxton.
Taylor and Vaughn had been college sweethearts. But what they had actually went much further. Vaughn was her first true love and the guy who took her virginity at the relatively tender age of twenty when he was a year older. They had planned to get married—or at least she had. Instead, he broke her heart in seemingly a thousand places and, for the longest time, Taylor felt as if it would never heal.
This unwanted trip down memory lane suddenly hit a roadblock when Taylor's mind and body reminded her that it was now 2003. It had been twenty-five years since she'd last seen or heard from Vaughn Mitchell. What on earth had possessed him to want to reconnect with her now? They had said their goodbyes so long ago that Taylor couldn't imagine what he would gain by going through it again, and in a public arena no less.
She believed that, all other things aside, they had both gotten a bit too old to stir up memories that couldn't possibly result in anything meaningful for either of them at this stage of the game.
"Are you asking if I want to come on your show to be reunited with Vaughn?" Taylor asked with incredulity.
The mere thought made Taylor's heart race, though she was not quite sure why. Whatever they once had was over and done with and there was no going back. No way in hell.
Not in this lifetime.
"Well, yes, that is the plan," Sarah said hopefully. "I know it sounds intimidating, but—"
"But I'm a forty-six-year-old married woman with a daughter in college," Taylor announced, as if to remind herself. "I'm sorry, but I don't think I would be the ideal person to appear on your TV show."
"I disagree," Sarah said in earnest. "You're exactly what we're looking for. The show isn't about trying to get couples back together, per se. It's about putting closure to a relationship where there were unresolved issues left behind. We simply provide the setting and separate rooms for two days at a fabulous hotel in New York City. It's up to the couples to come to terms with where things went wrong and to right them, if possible, so they can move on. Of course, our cameras would follow your every move, but you're totally in control of how you choose to bring closure to this past relationship." After pausing, she asked tentatively: "So what do you think, Taylor? Does this sound like something you might be interested in doing?"
Instinctively, Taylor wanted to say loud and clear: No, I am definitely not interested in becoming part of reality TV and meeting twenty-five years later the man I once loved and thought I'd spend the rest of my life with. I have a life today that doesn't include him in any way and this might only end up somehow hurting the ones I do love and cherish with all my heart.
The part of Taylor that felt she was twenty all over again and wanted to remember a different time when everything she'd ever wanted seemed within her grasp, but was snatched away by fate and a certain someone, did want some answers that she'd never received to her satisfaction. Maybe this would be the only chance she'd ever get to confront him and let him know just how much he'd hurt her. Maybe then she really could put the past and Vaughn Mitchell to rest once and for all.
On top of that, Taylor thought, her life today was not exactly what dreams were made of. At least her marriage wasn't. But that was something she'd chosen to ignore for the most part, simply because it was easier to. For the sake of their daughter. Taylor had come to believe that there was no knight in shining armor or Prince Charming in real life. Certainly not in her life. So you just settled for less and focused on what did work.
Taylor turned her attention back to Vaughn Mitchell and the offer to appear on Forever Sweethearts. She had the feeling that her decision would forever impact her life.
* * *
Immediately after the conversation, Taylor called her daughter Audra who was attending St. Hughes College at the University of Oxford. She lived on campus and was in her second year majoring in English. When Audra was admitted to the program, beating out thousands of others from around the world, it had been one of Taylor's proudest moments. At times like this, she missed her daughter immensely, and wondered if it had been wise to allow her to attend college on the other side of the ocean. But, overall, she knew it was the right thing. Audra had wanted to follow in her father's footsteps by attending Oxford and experience life and other cultures, which he had wholeheartedly encouraged.
Who am I to deny her the opportunity, Taylor thought, especially when Audra seemed happy there and showed no sign of regret. She wished she could say the same when she thought back to her college days at Michigan State University.
"Hello," said the lazy—or was it sleepy?—voice.
Taylor quickly did the arithmetic for the five-hour time difference between Michigan and England—making it just after two p.m. there.
"Hello, Audra," she said. "I'm just checking on you." And wishing you were five again and home so I could cuddle you in my arms, Taylor thought.
"Mom!" Audra's voice rose with enthusiasm. "I was just thinking about you!"
"You were?" Taylor was surprised that her daughter actually had time to think about her.
"Yeah," Audra said. "You just popped in my head and then you called. Isn't that weird?"
"Not too weird," Taylor said. "It's mental telepathy between a mother and daughter." It sounded good to her anyway.
"Yeah, I guess," Audra said. "So is everything okay?"
"Everything's fine," Taylor assured her. "Today's my day off. I was just feeling a bit lonely and thought I'd call."
Audra seemed less certain. "Where's Dad?"
Taylor sighed. "He's at the university, doing what he does best." She hoped that didn't come out the wrong way, though she wasn't sure there was a right way to say it.
"Of course," Audra said, as if it were the most obvious thing. "I always get the time screwed up back in the States." Audra said something in a muffled voice, then told her: "Jessie's here. He says hi."
"Tell him hi back," Taylor said. Jessie was, as Audra put it, "her cutie pie Brit beau." Translation: her English boyfriend. Taylor was okay with it, knowing that Audra was responsible, if not impetuous. She doubted her daughter would be ready to settle down with one guy till she had graduated, started a career, and made loads of money, before starting to seriously think about motherhood.
"Mom, you really need to get out more," Audra said. "If Dad's too busy doing his thing, you have every right to do yours."
"I'll keep that in mind," Taylor said, and thought about Vaughn Mitchell. She had never told Audra about him and had only mentioned him vaguely to her husband Paul. She supposed Audra had never considered that she might have had a life before meeting her father. Taylor had been content with that. Now she wondered if Audra should know more about her past and what might have been.
"We were just about to go out for a bite to eat," Audra hinted, then giggled as though Jessie were tickling her funny bone—or something else.
"You go ahead then, honey," Taylor said. "We'll talk again soon."
"Okay. Love you, Mom."
"You, too."
The line went dead and Taylor knew what she'd known all along. Her little girl was now a young woman, getting on with her life. It reminded her of her own free spirited college days when everything was new and exciting...and she had to make her own mistakes and correct them.
But who am I today? Taylor wondered. Am I really who I want to be or where I need to be at this stage of my life?
She looked at her reflection in the full-length mirror behind the bedroom door. Like it or not, staring back at her in a gray sweater, jeans, and bare feet was a forty-six-year-old woman. Over the years, she had pretty much managed to maintain a comfortable weight. Even when she was pregnant with Audra, she'd hardly gained any weight. Though slender, Taylor felt that she could still benefit from thinner hips and a tighter butt.
Taylor studied her face now, trying to remember what it used to look like so long ago, and realized she could not. There were fine lines at the corners of her eyes, around her generous mouth, and creasing her brow. She imagined her face had once been fuller and tighter than the narrower, not as taut image now presenting itself.
Her once long blonde hair had been replaced with a shorter, more manageable style. And she'd noticed that more and more gray strands had begun to appear in recent years, forcing her to add blonde highlights to obscure them, resigning herself to this concession of aging.
The one constant Taylor could always count on was her eyes. They were a rich green that reminded her of the well-manicured shrubbery her father always seemed to be working on outside the house when she was a child. Whereas she had once felt cursed for having green eyes when most other girls she knew had blue or brown eyes, Taylor now saw it as a blessing because they made her who she was.
All in all, she considered herself still attractive for a woman now considered middle-aged.
Have I really gone through my twenties, thirties, and more than half of my forties, with fifty right around the corner? Taylor thought, almost in disbelief. She wondered if Paul had noticed the changes over the years. Or had he been too preoccupied with his own world to pay much attention to her appearance?
What would Vaughn Mitchell think of me now? Taylor thought. Do I even care?
She could imagine that he probably hadn't changed much over the years. Men rarely did, other than around the midsection for those who willingly let themselves go. Vaughn had once prided himself in staying in tiptop shape, which was part of his charm.
The thought depressed Taylor, even if she never saw the man again. She wondered what other information Vaughn had supplied to the Forever Sweethearts staff about them—or, more specifically, about her. The thought of what he may have divulged made her uneasy. It was like having ancient skeletons unearthed that had no place in today's world.
Was it possible that Vaughn had secretly kept track of her whereabouts over the years while keeping a safe distance?
Now you're getting paranoid, she thought. It's been twenty-five long years. Regardless of his desire to see me again, the man obviously had his own life to live.
And she had hers.
It was too late in the game to think otherwise.
Still, a tiny and maybe selfish part of Taylor wanted Vaughn Mitchell to tell her publicly that he was sorry for dumping her and that it had been the worst mistake of his life. Only then could she get some satisfaction in saying: "I told you so."
Did he actually hope that if they reunited on a reality TV show they could somehow rekindle a burning flame that had never been completely extinguished?
"Oh, for heaven's sake," Taylor admonished herself out loud, snapping back to reality. What was she thinking? There was no point getting too carried away with this. She couldn't go back in time. Nobody could.
Taylor dismissed the notion altogether, as if she were treading down a dangerous path. Yet it was as if something tugged deep within her from yesteryear, something she had no control over but was, in fact, controlling her. Taylor suddenly knew that she had to see Vaughn Mitchell again, if only for one last time. Even if it meant making a complete fool of herself on a reality TV show.
As far as Taylor was concerned, it was the only way she could exorcise a ghost of her past who had suddenly and inexorably reappeared in her life.
* * *
Taylor and Paul sat at the contemporary cherry dining table, eating a combination platter of egg foo young and sweet and sour pork and washing it down with a bottle of wine. Paul loved Chinese food and brought it home at least once a week. Taylor considered it more or less a necessary evil because he loved it. As such, it gave her a perfectly legitimate excuse to keep from cooking real food, which was admittedly not one of her strong points. Now that Audra was away at college, Taylor and Paul had more or less gotten into the habit of eating takeout food, microwave dishes, and dining at restaurants.
Taylor had met Paul Holland at Michigan State University more than twenty years ago. The college was located in East Lansing, Michigan—a quaint town just east of Lansing, the state's capital, and some eighty-five miles from Detroit. She was teaching women's studies and he was a professor of criminal justice, having received his Ph.D. at Oxford. It had not exactly been a match made in heaven. She was all of twenty-six and still trying to find her way in the world. Paul was eight years older, devilishly handsome in an odd way, and much more experienced in the ways of the world. He had lived with a woman for twelve years whom he claimed to detest for much of that time, but stayed with nevertheless.
On the other hand, Taylor had not been in a serious relationship or even had any decent prospects for more than a year. They were a case in point that opposites attract, for she and Paul didn't really seem to be compatible in any way aside from some good debates and incredible sex.
Yet, less than a year later, they were married and expecting a child. And suddenly Taylor was no longer Taylor Braxton but Mrs. Paul Holland.
Taylor believed she had fallen in love with Paul Holland because he was the first man she'd ever met who seemed to want her more for her mind than her beauty and body. It had never occurred to Taylor that time and routine would cause his interest to wane slowly but surely, even as her superficial qualities began to lessen with age. She wondered if this just came with the territory in longtime marriages: they grew stale after a while and neither partner could do much about it other than grumble or get a divorce. She hoped it would never come to the latter, even while the former seemed to do little good in the scheme of things.
She put a chunk of glazed pork in her mouth, and watched the look of amusement on her husband's face across the table.
"I thought it was so damned funny," remarked Paul as a preface to a joke a colleague had told him. "Stan has always looked at the bottom line, apparently even as a struggling college student." He paused while pushing his gold tinted glasses up to the top of his long nose. Through the bifocals, the gray-blue color of Paul's eyes was as prominent as a foggy lake. "After being asked out to lunch one day while in grad school, with barely two cents to his name, he was forced to decline. But because he didn't want his friend to take it the wrong way, Stan claimed he was going to be up to his neck in books and had no time to eat." Paul stopped to sip his wine before continuing. "Then the friend said to him, obviously disappointed, 'That's too bad, Stan. The meal was going to be my treat.' Upon hearing that, Stan did a complete about face, rubbed his stomach rather hungrily, and declared: 'Oh in that case, I accept!'"
Paul broke into a boisterous laugh that showed all of his whitened teeth, including the porcelain crown he'd gotten just last week. He was an even six feet tall and, at fifty-four, still in pretty good shape. Recently he had shown signs of thickening around the midsection and in his neck. His once thick, curly raven hair had turned grayish-white, was receding, and had thinned considerably.
Taylor noted that Paul was still wearing the crumpled russet-colored suit and wrinkle-resistant white shirt he'd worn to work, minus the silk tie—as though this was a department luncheon instead of dinner with his wife.
She found herself laughing with him, as she usually did. They both knew each other so well that they often operated on habits and instincts rather than impulse. After twenty years of marriage, she wondered if there were no more surprises, magic, or sparks left.
Would Audra end up following in their footsteps—perhaps with Jessie—someday?
The idea did not sit too well with Taylor. She tasted her wine, fully aware that such thoughts had been conjured up by the phone call this morning. She'd had the opportunity to flatly reject any chance to meet with Vaughn Mitchell again. Instead, she had deliberately left the door open, as if it was beckoning her to enter with both feet.
She had decided to accept the challenge and appear on the Forever Sweethearts show. This scared and excited Taylor more than she wanted it to. She had never cheated on Paul or even thought about it, and saw no reason to start now. Though their sex life had gradually declined over the years, in the past few months it had been almost nonexistent by mutual agreement for the same reasons that most wives and husbands stopped making love. They were too tired. Too sleepy. It was too routine. Too much work to do. Too little time. Too this. Too that. And other too's that seemed to fit into their lives perfectly like pieces of a jigsaw puzzle.
Taylor convinced herself that it was perfectly normal not to desire your husband the way you once had after so many years together. Especially when it was obvious that his desire for her had taken a nosedive in favor of work, play, and anything else he could think of. But that hardly meant either of them wanted or needed to look elsewhere. Did it? Certainly not to old lovers from another lifetime.
She quickly erased those thoughts. As far as she was concerned, reuniting in an artificial and platonic setting with an old friend for two days on a reality TV show—and, yes, Taylor reminded herself, they had been friends first—was hardly the same thing as embarking on a torrid affair with the man who had broken off their engagement twenty-five years ago without just cause.
Not in her book.
Taylor hadn't realized that Paul had stopped eating and talking and was staring at her, until he touched her hand. Startled, she jumped involuntarily.
"Hello up there," he said. Paul made a fist and knocked on the side of his head mockingly. "If I'd wanted to speak to myself, I could have done that during the drive home," he said irritably.
"I'm sorry," she said, feeling her cheeks flush. It was almost as if he could read her mind. She knew he couldn't, but that didn't stop her from being annoyed that he had to be cruel about it. She batted her eyes at him. "What were you saying?"
He sipped his wine and adjusted his glasses. "I was saying that they want me to speak at a four-day conference on guns and homicide starting next Friday in Atlanta. Apparently I'd be a substitute for some asshole who backed out at the last minute." He sighed half-heartedly. "I said I'd let them know by this weekend—"
Aside from teaching criminology courses, Paul frequently traveled around the country to speak at various criminal justice seminars and conferences. He'd gained a reputation as an expert on everything from male criminality to juvenile delinquency to terrorism. In recent years this had been a sore spot with Taylor, since it often meant taking away what little precious quality time they had together. But she tried not to complain too much. It was what he did and apparently loved to do. Deep down inside, she was proud that he was in such demand as a criminologist. Though the selfish side of her wanted him all to herself, another side of Taylor actually welcomed the space Paul's travel afforded her.
"You should go," she told him.
His eyes blinked, as if he hadn't heard her correctly. "Are you sure?"
"Yes," she said. "I know this is important to you."
He looked away awkwardly. "I know we had talked about going away for a few days next week—"
"So we'll just go some other time," Taylor said with a catch to her voice, knowing it had been her suggestion and he had reluctantly agreed, though his heart clearly wasn't in it.
Paul looked at her and said hesitantly: "You know, you could always come with me. We could make it a working vacation...maybe even give Audra a call and tell her she doesn't know what she's missing in Atlanta with her folks."
Taylor thought about it briefly before rejecting the idea. She had accompanied Paul on a number of speaking engagements, though less often in recent years as her work took up much of her time. And when she had gone along, he usually treated her like she wasn't there or as something akin to a trophy wife. It rarely ended up being much of a vacation for her.
"I can't, Paul," she told him, trying to sound disappointed. "I have my book to work on. Then there's my classes..."
And it also happened to be when the taping of Forever Sweethearts was scheduled, Taylor thought guiltily.
They finished off their meal in stone cold silence.


CHAPTER TWO

After changing into a pale blue cotton nightshirt, Taylor climbed into bed. Paul was already asleep and snoring, a sound that resembled a soft nasal whistling. She touched his broad shoulder, hoping for the slightest reaction, as if he could sense her needing him. There was none. She had never felt more lonely than at this moment, and was not sure why.
Am I looking for trouble where there is none? Taylor asked herself. Is today any different than yesterday? Or, for that matter, the last five years?
I can't expect any more from Paul than he's capable of giving, she thought. Revisiting the past and another man would not change that.
Yet somehow it did change things in Taylor's mind, at least in a roundabout way. She wanted more out of her marriage and her life. If thinking about Vaughn Mitchell could somehow bring that about, then so be it.
She turned away from her husband, lest he wake up and realize that she was crying. He hated to see her cry for any reason. To Paul, crying was a sign of weakness and, as he put it, merely an excuse to avoid dealing with life's anxieties and suppressed feelings.
Taylor lay there in a fetal position, unable to sleep for about fifteen minutes, when Paul rolled around and put his arm around her. When his hand routinely made its way to her breast, she felt a slight sensation stir within her and wondered if he would do more. After a moment or two, she put her hand around his and moved it across her nipple, causing it to harden.
Taylor gasped. She tried to guide his hand down her body to between her legs. As if on some unconscious level of rejection, Paul jerked his hand away and brought it back to safe territory beneath his own body. Taylor suppressed the need to cry again, instead focusing on Audra and how lucky they were to have brought her into the world. Then her thoughts turned to Vaughn Mitchell and whether or not he had any children.
Nearly an hour passed before Taylor finally fell asleep.
* * *
On Saturday morning, Taylor slipped quietly out of bed, careful not to wake Paul. She washed her face in the adjoining bathroom and applied some moisturizer before putting on her jogging suit and running shoes. She tiptoed out of the room and down the stairs of the two-story, four-bedroom house made of lightweight composite concrete.
They had their house in East Lansing built ten years ago, with an eye on its low maintenance, use of solar energy, environmentally friendly construction, and close proximity to the Michigan State campus. Each room had hardwood floors, vaulted arched ceilings, and three-way sunlight, allowing for no dark corners. Permanently vented windows enabled a continuous circulation of air. A blend of French provincial and contemporary furnishings occupied the rooms.
Taylor went into the kitchen with its modern, sleek built-in appliances and stone countertops and drank a full glass of water while thinking about last night. Whatever she and Paul had, it was not a fairytale where fantasies all came true. Theirs was a modern day marriage, with plenty of bumps and occasional bruises along the way. It was still better than being all alone out there, as was the case with some people Taylor knew who were just pretending to be happy that they were alone. She had no plans to join that crowd.
Minutes later, Taylor was out the door and running down the street. Daylight had barely broken and the quiet maple tree-lined streets of East Lansing were mostly empty. She had taken up running in college because it seemed like the "in thing" for health-conscious coeds. In the ensuing years, she had pretty much stuck to it to one degree or another, except during the late stages of her pregnancy. She now ran three times a week, varying between three and five miles, depending on her mood.
Paul had never gone running with her. He preferred to get his exercise on the golf course, tennis court, and an occasional trip to the gym. Audra, on the other hand, loved jogging and had often accompanied Taylor on her morning runs before she went off to college. It was a good time for mother-daughter bonding and Taylor missed those days of companionship.
She thought about appearing on the Forever Sweethearts show and wondered what Audra would think of it. She could imagine her saying: "Go for it, Mom. You're entitled to make peace with your past. Just be careful you don't somehow forget about the present."
By the time Taylor finished her run, she had decided to tell Paul that she planned to be on the show. She should have told him last night. But the timing somehow seemed wrong, and she could have expected twenty questions from him—and not had all the answers. Paul was not the jealous type. Quite the contrary, he seemed pleased when other men looked her way, as if to validate that he'd chosen her to be his wife and the mother of his child.
Not that I've ever given him any reason to be jealous, Taylor thought. Or vice versa.
She had already begun her cool down as she approached the driveway and the back of Paul's silver BMW, when the front door of the house opened. Paul came out, carrying his briefcase. At first she thought he'd gotten his days mixed up and forgot it was the weekend, as happened from time to time.
"Taylor..." Paul said, touching his glasses, as if to make sure they were on his nose. "I was hoping to catch you before I left."
"Where are you going?" she asked.
"To the college."
"But it's Saturday, Paul." She was still panting as she walked up to him, getting a whiff of his cologne.
"Yeah, I know," he muttered routinely. "I've got some work to do. I left my papers at the office, so I thought I'd just finish things up there rather than bring them home."
Taylor frowned. "But I wanted to talk to you."
Paul was unsympathetic. "We'll talk later," he said. "Excuse me if I don't kiss you goodbye, but you're all sweaty and stinky."
"That's what happens when you run," Taylor said self-consciously, as if he needed an excuse not to kiss her, which he rarely did these days.
"Hey, no one told you get up when normal people are still asleep and go running," he told her. "I certainly didn't." Paul unlocked the car door. "I think you look fine the way you are and you don't need to try to be the fitness woman in town."
"Whoa—" Taylor spat at him angrily and in disbelief. "Where is all this coming from, Paul? It's not like I just started running today."
"And it's not like I'm telling you this for the first time," Paul retorted nastily. "I guess you just weren't listening. So what else is new?" He tossed his briefcase into the back seat and faced her. "Go take your shower. I'll try to get back as soon as I can. Then you can tell me whatever's on your mind."
Taylor stood there speechless as Paul got into the car, backed out of the driveway, and drove off. What's happening to us? she wondered. Or is it just me? It seemed like for every step they took forward, they took three backward. Maybe more.
Taylor went into the house, knowing now that it would be a big mistake to tell Paul about the TV show invitation and have him belittle her because of it. But she also knew that she had to go to there for her own peace of mind.


CHAPTER THREE

Taylor arrived in New York in the afternoon. A limo picked her up at the airport and took her to the hotel, which would apparently double at times as a set for the show.
She had butterflies and second thoughts about embarking on this journey of closure and curiosity. She had told Paul, who was already in Atlanta, and Audra that she had been invited to the Big Apple by a friend for a weekend getaway. Neither Paul nor Audra had questioned it. In fact, they had both told her that it sounded like a wonderful idea and would be good for her to get away for a few days. Audra had also told her that she wished she could be there, too.
Now Taylor wondered if this was such a good idea. She was lying to her family and maybe to herself for some sort of schoolgirl dream about reliving the past. Had she gotten herself into something that she would regret? Would seeing Vaughn Mitchell again create more problems than it solved?
By the time the limo pulled up to the hotel, Taylor had resigned herself to the fact that this was something she had chosen to do and she had to see it through to the end. Whatever happened, she applauded herself for having the courage to do something on her own for a change when given the opportunity. She was sure the experience was going to be very interesting and something that she could one day share with her grandkids.
Not to mention her husband and daughter.
* * *
It was clear to Taylor from the moment she exited the limousine to bright sunlight and a throng of people that this was going to be challenging at the very least. It seemed like cameras were positioned everywhere to catch the arrival of the show's guests, even if they were not at their best after long plane rides and jittery stomachs. Taylor was thankful that she had brushed her hair and touched up her makeup in the limo. She had dressed casually for the trip in a champagne-colored scoop neck tee and black slacks, feeling there was no need to waste a good outfit prematurely. Her feet were comfortable in black mules.
Clutching her purse, Taylor searched through the unrecognizable faces for the one she believed she would recognize, even after twenty-five years. But no such face presented itself, making her wonder if she might not be able to identify Vaughn after all.
A young woman with short red hair tucked behind her ears, blue eyes, and a wide smile quickly approached Taylor.
"You must be Taylor Holland," she said sprightly. "I'm Sarah Knight. We spoke on the phone."
Taylor smiled appropriately and reached for the outstretched hand. "Nice to meet you, Sarah."
"You, too." Sarah glanced around at the crowd. "I'm sure all these cameras seem pretty intimidating. Well, get used to them, as I'm afraid they'll be your constant companion for the next two days."
"Thanks for reminding me," Taylor said dryly, hoping the distraction would not interfere too much with the main purpose of the trip.
Sarah ran a hand through her hair and said: "If you're wondering if Vaughn Mitchell is here yet, the answer is yes. And I promise that you won't have to wait long to see him."
Taylor smiled, but inside she welcomed the delay seeing Vaughn, realizing she wasn't quite sure what she was going to say to him. Or what he would say to her.
"Let's go inside and get you checked in. Then I'll show you around and answer some of your questions..." Sarah said, putting a guiding hand on Taylor's elbow.
Taylor was only too happy to escape the bright sun and toasty temperature. Though she suspected that the perspiration she felt under her arms had absolutely nothing to do with either.


CHAPTER FOUR

The hotel itself was opulent by every measure with marble pillars and floors. There were two five-star restaurants, a world-renowned ballroom, an indoor/outdoor pool, and a rooftop garden. Taylor's two-room suite was every bit as nice. There were magnificent city views from the cozy sitting area as well as the bedroom, plush bed linens, a luxurious Italian marble bathroom, and a complimentary mini bar.
"A camera is hidden in here," Sarah said, pointing to a vase of silk flowers on a side table. It was one of several places in the room where Taylor had been advised that such cameras existed. "But, unlike some of the other reality TV shows," added Sarah, "there are no cameras in the bathroom, shower, or bedroom—so at least you'll have some privacy. Of course, what you choose to do in your room, if anything, is entirely up to you. We just want to be prepared for any—for lack of a better word—fireworks that might erupt behind closed doors amongst our couples."
Taylor was somewhat disturbed at Sarah's use of the word couple. She would have preferred ex-couples or former couples. Or anything that suggested past tense—the distant past—and not the present.
"Well I don't expect any fireworks between me and Vaughn," she made clear. "Just some honest communication about what happened to us and maybe where we've gone since then."
Sarah smiled. "That's fine, Taylor. We want the experience to be pleasurable for all, stress free, and, hopefully, cleansing so there will be no more regrets."
Could the regrets ever go away? Taylor mused. She wondered if she would always think about what might have happened in her life had things been different back then. Would rehashing the past truly make any difference now?
"We're so glad you decided to come," gushed Sarah. "Everyone on the staff is really anxious to see you and Vaughn and the other four couples brought together after so many years apart—ranging from thirteen to twenty-five years."
Taylor smiled as she realized that they were most likely the oldest pair to reunite. She wasn't sure if that was good or bad. "You'll forgive me," she said swallowing, "if I say I'm kind of nervous about the whole thing—"
Sarah patted her gingerly on the back. "That's perfectly normal. Everyone on the show is nervous, at least at first," she said. "That is until they get used to the surroundings and, of course, each other again."
"That's good to know," Taylor told her.
"Did you ever imagine you would see Vaughn again?" Sarah asked.
Taylor wondered once more just how much they knew about her relationship with Vaughn. Not that it was a trade secret, except to those closest to her. Well, it will pretty much be out in the open soon for all who care to watch, she thought uneasily.
"To be honest about it," she said flatly, "with so many years having passed by, I never really had any reason to think I'd ever see Vaughn again."
Sarah grinned. "Well I can tell you that Vaughn apparently felt just the opposite. He pretty much told us that he knew this day would come sooner or later."
"Oh really?" Taylor raised a thin brow, not sure whether to be flattered or concerned.
"Well, I'll just leave it at that for now and let him tell you why he wanted you to come on the show," Sarah said mischievously. "I wouldn't want to spoil all the fun for you."
By her tone of voice, Taylor wasn't so sure she wanted to know. But she had come too far to turn back now, in spite of still having considerable reservations about putting herself out on a limb like this. She could only hope that she didn't fall off.
"Okay, so how this works," Sarah said, "is that in a couple of hours we'll get you into makeup, prep you a bit more about the show, introduce you to the host R. Dean Callaway, and begin taping with all the guests being reintroduced to each other in a garden get-together. After that, over the next two days, we'll give you ample opportunity in various settings to air your grievances and talk about what you might have changed if you could, your impressions of each other, and what's happening in your life today. You'll also bond with the other guests and, finally, answer the question that we all want to know: Can you put behind any leftover bitterness and misunderstandings of the past and move on with no further misgivings?"
"Sounds simple enough," quipped Taylor. Yeah, right, she mused doubtfully.
"More for some than others," Sarah said. "Good luck on whatever you hope will come out of your time spent with Vaughn and the others—"
Taylor took that to heart, while contemplating what she hoped would come out of this. She had no concrete answers.
* * *
R. Dean Callaway was warm, gracious, funny, and completely down to earth as a reality television host. Taylor actually remembered the deeply tanned, fifty-two-year-old actor from a couple of sitcoms in the 1980s. Only then his hair was wavy blonde instead of frizzy gray, and he was maybe thirty pounds lighter on a frame of about six feet.
"Nice of you to take part in Forever Sweethearts, Taylor," he said. He was suavely dressed in a charcoal blazer, yellow polo shirt, and brown pants.
"I'm glad to be here, Dean," Taylor said, as expected, referring to him by his first name. He had insisted on that, after she had initially addressed him as Mr. Callaway, then R. Dean.
They were seated at a circular glass table in a garden setting within the hotel's property. Taylor had been selected as the first person to appear before the cameras in the first meeting of former sweethearts. As she had been told, Vaughn Mitchell would soon be joining her for an immediate reaction and some questions from Dean, before they were allowed some time alone—with the cameras, of course, following their every move.
Dean flashed a crooked smile. "I always get excited in anticipation of the couples meeting again after so many years," he said. "It's like an instant flashback, except you're bridging the past with the present in one big moment. You never know what might happen..."
Oh, I think I know what won't happen, Taylor thought resolutely, detecting a glint in his blue eyes that seemed to encourage reliving the most intimate aspects of a relationship gone wrong. It had taken a lot for her to come here, and she certainly hadn't forgotten she was married and had an adult daughter to keep her grounded in reality.
"Yes, it should be fun," was all Taylor could manage to say.
Dean nodded respectfully. "Hey, that's what we're all about on Forever Sweethearts, Taylor—having fun!"
She realized that the word "fun" had not really applied to her current life for some time. Maybe she was hoping for too much. Or bracing herself for a big letdown the second time around.
Taylor tried to check her nerves as it got down to the nitty gritty, and she was forced to confront the man who had unceremoniously ended their relationship a quarter of a century ago. A man who now wanted to reunite with her. She still wasn't sure why she was here or what to expect from such a meeting. I guess I'll just have to let it happen and go from there, Taylor thought with a sigh.
She shifted slightly in the leather chair. She felt a bit uncomfortable wearing more makeup than she was used to, but was told it was necessary to keep her from looking too pale on television screens around the country. The show's second season premiere, featuring this segment, was scheduled to air sometime in January 2004. Taylor was thankful for that, as it would give her a chance to break the news to Paul and Audra, though she knew it was highly unlikely that either would ever see the show. Paul could never seem to get past the news, sports, politics, and occasional PBS programming; while Audra was far too busy with her life abroad to catch an American reality TV series that probably was not even shown in England.
Taylor had bought some new outfits for the occasion, realizing that she had been accustomed to wearing the same designer suits to work and casual clothes at home. Paul never seemed to notice one way or the other or appreciate what she was wearing. After a while, she stopped trying to get his attention in that regard. Doing something outrageous, such as going to New York City for a reunion with an old boyfriend, seemed to justify enhancing her wardrobe for the onetime occasion. Not wishing to overdo it or under dress this evening, she chose to wear a simple, but figure flattering, dark gray sheath with white trim along the neckline, a black belt, and low-heeled black peep toe pumps.
"So, are you ready to do this?" Dean asked while the cameras were rolling.
"Yes, I think so," Taylor said, sucking in a deep breath.
He grinned and stood up, holding his hand out to her. Taylor took it and stood. Dean looked into the camera, and announced: "Taylor Braxton Holland, here is the man who's been waiting to see you for twenty-five years. Vaughn Mitchell..."
Taylor watched as Dean's gaze turned toward a well-lit, circular pathway. Her eyes followed and her heart was beating wildly, but her mind was clear. After a moment or two, a tall figure slowly emerged. Walking toward Taylor with an even, confident stride was the man she thought she'd never see again.
Vaughn Mitchell had a broad smile on his recognizable face. In spite of all else, Taylor realized that he was still as handsome as ever.

CHAPTER FIVE

Fall Term 1977
Michigan State University

Taylor Braxton was a junior at Michigan State when she first met Vaughn Mitchell. She'd noticed him hanging around Akers Hall as if he owned the place. She knew he didn't live there because she had overheard another student asking Vaughn about renting a room in the house he lived in.
Though she wouldn't have dared mention it to him, Taylor was immediately attracted to Vaughn Mitchell—at least to his appearance. If he wasn't the best looking guy she had ever laid eyes on, he was pretty close. She guessed him to be about six foot four, with muscles that seemed to grow out of other muscles. He had blue eyes and curly dark hair that hung just below his shoulders. His chiseled face was a solid U and he had a dimpled chin. All in all, it was enough to make a girl melt.
Or at least that's how Taylor felt.
But what really seems to set him apart from the other guys at school is the way he carries himself, Taylor thought fancifully. She glanced at him while pretending to study in the lobby. He had an air of poise and confidence about him that she could only dream about and was certainly lacking in most of her friends.
For some reason, it never occurred to Taylor that Vaughn Mitchell would be interested in her. Though she had been told all her life that she was attractive—even beautiful by some—Taylor had never really bought into it. She felt she was way too tall and thin at five-seven and a half. Her breasts were too small by the standards of some girls she knew. And her eyes were too damn green. Even her long blonde hair was a bit too thick, though she considered it her best asset.
No, she told herself, there was no chance in hell that she'd ever get to date someone like Vaughn. Not in this lifetime.
Then one mid October afternoon, everything seemed to change, and suddenly for Taylor the world seemed full of promise and possibilities.
She was sitting alone in the cafeteria, eating lunch and reading a copy of Colleen McCullough's The Thorn Birds, when a smooth, deep voice uttered: "Hey there with the pretty emerald eyes."
Taylor looked up in disbelief. It was him! He stood above her with a big smile, wearing an MSU Spartans jersey and jeans.
"Mind if I join you?" he asked, smiling crookedly.
Only then did she notice that he was effortlessly holding a tray in one hand that was loaded with enough food to seemingly feed the entire dorm. When her voice finally broke through the sound barrier, Taylor heard herself say, feigning nonchalance: "If you like—"
"I would definitely like to," he said without pause. He sat in the chair across the table from Taylor, while she self-consciously used a napkin to dab at the corners of her mouth and catch any mustard that might have gone awry from her sandwich.
He looked at her with amusement and said coolly: "I'm Vaughn Mitchell."
"I know," she said. "I've seen you around."
He grinned. "Same here, but I don't know your name."
"Taylor Braxton."
"Nice to meet you," he said. His beautiful smile nearly made her heart stop.
"You, too," she somehow managed to say.
Beneath thick brows, he regarded her attentively. "I'm sure you probably hear this a lot," he said, "but your eyes are remarkable."
Taylor felt the color rise in her cheeks and she looked away nervously before glancing back at him. "Yes, I've been told that," she said, "but I usually just take it with a grain of salt."
"Maybe you shouldn't," he told her. "That song called 'Green-Eyed Lady' keeps popping into in my head. I think your green eyes actually accentuate the rest of your pretty face."
She smiled and, for once, was happy to have green eyes, but she still didn't want that to get in the way of her as a person. "I just happened to inherit the color from my grandmother on my father's side," she told him. "No big deal."
"If you say so," Vaughn said. He grinned and took a big bite out of his hamburger. He studied Taylor a little too intently for her comfort. Suddenly she wanted to shrivel up and disappear.
Do I have too much makeup on? she wondered. Or not enough?
Does he really think I'm pretty?
Then Vaughn's gaze seemed to dip to her chest, and Taylor first thought that he was mesmerized by her long beads. Then she wondered if her shirt was too tight in all the wrong places. She suspected from the glint in his eyes that he might have felt it was tight in all the right places.
She shifted, ill at ease, causing him to snap out of his trance.
Feeling as if she was on display, Taylor said with disapproval: "My mother used to tell me it's not polite to stare. Obviously your mother never got that message to you!"
Vaughn's jaws clenched and he quickly shifted his eyes elsewhere, embarrassed that he'd been so blatant in checking her out. He didn't want to get off on the wrong foot with her. Or was it already too late for that?
"Sorry," he said sheepishly. "Guess I just got carried away. It's not every day you meet someone who turns you on the moment you first spot her across the cafeteria. Then, when you see her up close and realize she's much better than you could have imagined...well, you end up making an ass of yourself."
Taylor was nearly speechless, though deeply flattered. She had never taken compliments too well, but felt this was as good a time as any to correct that fault. If only to herself.
To him, she said with some skepticism, fluttering her lashes: "If you really were that turned on by me, you should have noticed me when I first noticed you—"
This sudden bluntness surprised even Taylor, while empowering her at the same time.
"I did," Vaughn countered, catching her off guard. "At least I think so. I saw you in the lobby a few days ago. By the time I got over there, you were gone. I've been hoping ever since to run into you. Then when I saw you in here today, all alone, I knew this was my lucky day—"
For an instant, time seemed to stand still as they stopped eating and held each other's gaze, as if drawn by some enchanting force neither could comprehend nor control.
In that moment, Taylor suddenly began to believe it was she who was the lucky one.
* * *
That very day Taylor began unofficially dating Vaughn Mitchell. She had no idea what to expect, if anything. Only that she liked him a lot, based on first impressions, and there was some definite chemistry between them.
Their first actual date was the following night when he took her to a movie on campus. Afterward, they got into his baby blue Ford Grand Torino and stopped at a flower shop. Vaughn purchased a single long-stemmed yellow rose and presented it to Taylor, telling her that it symbolized the joy he felt in their meeting, as well as the respect he held for her as a person. No one had ever given Taylor a rose before and she believed she would cherish the gesture forever.
From there, they went for pizza and beer, using the time to get to know each other better.
Taylor learned that Vaughn was a twenty-one-year-old senior with a dual major in economics and political science. He was also a member of the Phi Beta Sigma fraternity. He lived off campus in a house with eight others, and worked part-time at a local grocery store as a checker. He played tennis and golf and jogged, and admitted to partying at least as much as he studied.
In turn, he found out that she had just turned twenty and was majoring in sociology. Taylor shared a dorm room with three other girls and worked part-time in the dorm's snack bar. Her favorite pastimes were reading contemporary and historical fiction, ice skating, swimming, and riding her bicycle.
"Do you run?" Vaughn asked curiously.
"As in jog?" Taylor looked up from her pizza as though he was speaking another language.
"Yeah," he said.
"A little," she lied. "Why?"
"We should run together sometime," he said. "I'm out there at least four days a week. Keeps the heart pumping. Besides, I'd love to see those pretty long legs of yours in stride. I promise I won't leave you in the dust."
Taylor blushed, even if the thought of running, sweating, and getting dead tired with sore knees was unappealing. Yet she said: "Okay."
Now I have a reason to be enthusiastic about running, she thought, even if she wasn't sure she'd be able to keep up with him.
"Cool," he said, seemingly pleased with himself.
They talked a bit more before he asked: "Do you want to have children?"
"What?" Taylor looked at him with shock. "We've only been dating for a few hours and you're ready to start having kids?"
Vaughn laughed as he grabbed another slice of pepperoni pizza and took a big bite out of it. "Not quite," he said, wiping cheese off his chin. "I meant do you want to have kids someday?"
Taylor put the mug of beer to her lips and took a drink. "Yeah, I guess. Doesn't everyone?"
He shrugged. "I don't know. Some people don't want kids for their own reasons."
"You mean like you?" she asked worriedly.
"No, not like me," Vaughn made clear. "I definitely want kids...a family."
"That's good," Taylor said, as if they had to be on the same wavelength on this issue.
"So how many kids do you want?" he asked curiously.
Taylor chuckled nervously. "Is there going to be a test later, or what?"
Vaughn grinned. "Only when we're old and married and we count them one at a time—"
Is he actually talking about marriage on our first date? she asked herself, somewhat stunned. With me?
Taylor suddenly realized that rather than sounding farfetched or premature, the idea of one day being Mrs. Vaughn Mitchell appealed to her. But it was still far too soon to think in those terms with someone she'd really only met the day before. Or was it?
She decided it would be fun to play along anyway. Taylor gazed into Vaughn's eyes. "I think I'd like two...maybe three kids," she said, if for no other reason than those numbers seemed manageable for a career-minded woman. "Of course, they also have to be brilliant, ambitious, and trouble free," she added.
"Two or three sounds good to me," Vaughn echoed, grabbing another slice of pizza. After clearing his throat, he said: "Brilliant, absolutely; ambitious, why not...trouble free...no such thing. Having kids and some sleepless nights pretty much go hand in hand, and that's what I think family is really all about."
As if his words had signaled an impulse in him, Vaughn put the half eaten slice of pizza down and reached across the table so their hands, greasy and all, could touch. Taylor nearly felt lightheaded from the tender feel of their palms and fingers pressed together.
She started to imagine what their kids might look like.

CHAPTER SIX

September 2003
New York City

Taylor felt a rush of nostalgia course through her veins like insulin. She watched as Vaughn Mitchell glided toward her like a well-groomed snake in a dark gray suit. From what she could see, he looked like he was still in tiptop physical shape. He had added a few pounds over the years, but they were nicely proportioned over his body. Gone was that long dark hair, replaced by a much shorter attractive blend of black and gray; while his once clean-shaven look had given way to a trim black mustache, nicely tapered at the corners.
But he was still undeniably the same man Taylor had fallen in love with once upon a time, noting the cool blue of his eyes as he got closer, the familiar cleft in the chin, and the devastating smile that had once made her heart melt like butter. She knew that if she had to grade him on the spot after twenty-five years, it would have to be an A plus. In spite of that, seeing Vaughn again left her with mixed feelings and a bit disoriented.
Has it really been twenty-five years? Taylor thought, all but forgetting the years since, as if she was twenty-one again. Would he see it more in her than she did in him?
When they finally stood face to face, everything seemed to move in slow motion. From behind his back, Vaughn pulled out a single, long-stemmed red rose, and handed it to Taylor. The glint in his eyes reminded her of a similar look after he had given her a rose on their very first date so many years ago. And her reaction of giddiness was pretty much the same.
She couldn't even remember the last time Paul had given her roses. Was there a message in there somewhere? she wondered.
"It's beautiful," Taylor gushed. "Thank you."
Vaughn embraced her warmly and she returned his hug, wrapping her arms around him as if hanging on for dear life. The pleasant scent of his cologne filled the space between them. Whatever feelings of resentment and reservations Taylor may have harbored seemed to vanish into thin air.
"What happened to those long gorgeous locks you used to have?" Vaughn whispered in her ear.
"I was about to ask you the same thing," Taylor replied with amusement.
He chuckled. "Looks like we both had to catch up with the times."
"I guess so," she said. Either that, or time had simply caught up with them over the years.
Vaughn pulled away and studied Taylor with a probing gaze. "You look great—still." Somehow I never doubted you would, he thought. Not for one minute.
Taylor blushed, certain the cameras were catching every flaw, but trying to keep her focus on just the two of them. Though she couldn't help but be thrilled, she kept his compliment in its proper perspective. Looking great at forty-six was not the same as still looking like she was twenty-one. She didn't doubt that the mind had a tendency to play tricks on one, particularly with the passing of many years and living on fading memories.
Yet she too may have been guilty of the same distorted memories, for Taylor found herself swearing that Vaughn Mitchell had actually gotten better looking with age. Was that even possible?
"Thank you," she told him. "I could say the same to you, but then I think you already know that." How could he not? she thought. Why are men so damned lucky?
Vaughn beamed. "Same old Taylor—and I mean that in a good way."
"Coming from you, I'm not so sure about that," she replied, searching for double meanings where there may have been none.
"I never thought you'd come," Vaughn said truthfully, having believed it was a long shot at best. Yet there she was and looking every bit as beautiful as he remembered.
"Neither did I," Taylor mumbled. She suddenly became aware again that they were standing in the middle of a hotel garden set, surrounded by cameras and the crew of a reality TV series.
And there was nowhere she could run to or hide.
"It's good to see you again, Taylor," Vaughn said softly.
Taylor noted the sentimentality in his voice that could only have come with the passage of time and lost years. She realized that she felt the same way seeing him again, in spite of the regrets left behind.
"It's nice to see you too, Vaughn." It was something Taylor could not have conceived feeling till very recently. Maybe time really did heal all wounds. Or so she hoped.
R. Dean Callaway walked up to them on cue. He extended a hand to Vaughn, and said: "Hey, buddy, welcome to Forever Sweethearts."
Vaughn shook his hand sturdily. "Glad to be here, Dean." More than he could say. He flashed Taylor a smile, still finding it hard to believe she was there in the flesh. He thought about turning back the hands of time with mixed memories. But mostly, they were good memories.
"We're happy we could bring you two back together after, what, twenty-five years?" Dean said theatrically.
"That's right," Vaughn said. He looked at Taylor, trying to imagine what she was thinking through all this. He was sure she had more than a few questions for him. And he had a few of his own for her, curiosity getting the better of him.
"I have kids older than that," quipped Dean. "Let's sit down so I can talk to you former sweethearts for a bit, before we introduce the other couples—"
* * *
During the opening group session moderated by Dean, Taylor sat beside Vaughn on a sectional next to four other pairs of onetime sweethearts. They included a couple in their fifties who had been out of touch for twenty-one years, a thirty-something pair who had not seen each other since junior high sixteen years earlier, former sweethearts in their late thirties who had last been in contact seventeen years earlier, and a couple seeing each other for the first time since a fallout at their wedding rehearsal thirteen years ago.
Taylor thought the gathering was somewhat odd, but interesting nonetheless. It seemed that there were more ex-sweethearts than she realized with stories to tell and a willingness to do so publicly. She still had some misgivings about being there, but decided to try to make the best of it. Even then, as she glanced at Vaughn she wondered what to say to him and what he would say in return.
After Dean asked one of the former sweethearts a question or two, he locked eyes with Taylor, and asked: "Do you remember the day you first met Vaughn?"
How could I not? she thought, knowing the impression he'd made on her was everlasting.
Taylor looked at Vaughn, smiled softly, and answered as if she had been transported back in time to that wonderful day. "Yes, we met in my dorm—Akers Hall—at Michigan State University."
Dean rolled his eyes lasciviously. "Oh, your dorm at MSU. That's very interesting," he said. "Were you attracted to him right away—or did it take a while to get used to Vaughn?"
Taylor glanced at the host and allowed herself to drift back in time. "No," she said, "I wasn't attracted to him right away..."
Vaughn almost looked like a wounded puppy, until Taylor admitted: "It probably took all of one minute."
"Well, that's certainly a very long time," the host quipped, and then looked at Vaughn. "Was it the same for you?"
Vaughn smiled thoughtfully. "Hmm... Let me see... I think I was hooked from the very moment I looked into those deep, delightful green eyes—"
He gazed at Taylor, making her flush with warmth. How was he still able to do that to her after all these years? The notion left Taylor confused. She tried to recall the last time Paul had said anything nice about her eyes. Or even other parts of her. She couldn't remember.
Dean chuckled and peered at Taylor as if trying to put himself in Vaughn's shoes. "Yes, I can certainly see how you could fall for those eyes."
The other guests made some noises resembling laughter or skepticism. Taylor couldn't decide which.
Dean turned serious. "Okay, let's roll the clock ahead to 2003, shall we. Are you still pining for Taylor after all these years, Vaughn?" Before he could answer, Dean asked on cue: "Or are you married with ten kids, and here just for old times' sake and what might have been?"
Vaughn felt like he was on display for the whole damned world, so he had to choose his words carefully, especially for Taylor. The last thing he wanted to do was embarrass her. Or make her regret that she'd agreed to reunite on the show. "No, I'm not here to pine—just to reunite for old times' sake...and to see if maybe we can become friends again." He paused, shifting his eyes to Taylor. "I'm not married with ten kids. I'm divorced with one very beautiful daughter."
Taylor suddenly found herself wishing that Vaughn had said he was happily married. That would have eliminated the fear that he had somehow believed they could pick up where they left off twenty-five years ago. Was that why he wanted her to be on Forever Sweethearts—with an emphasis on forever?
Taylor could tell that his daughter meant the world to him. She tried to picture what she might look like, thinking of her own daughter.
Taylor had been unaware that Dean was talking to her until he said: "If you need to think about it, Taylor, take all the time you need..."
She blinked at him, embarrassed. "Excuse me?"
"I was asking you to bring us up to date on your relationship and family status," Dean said. "That is, if there's anything you want to tell us about it."
Taylor had been prepared for this and knew that Dean was playing his part exceedingly well as host in getting the couples to reveal themselves to each other and the home audience. All in an effort to set the stage in motion for the remainder of their time spent reminiscing, replaying, and, maybe for some, starting a new romantic connection.
She took a deep a breath and avoided looking directly at Vaughn, though she could sense his earnest gaze. "I've been happily married to a wonderful man named Paul Holland for almost twenty years now. We have been blessed with a beautiful daughter named Audra. She's nineteen and right now has probably her head buried in an English lit book at Oxford."
Taylor wondered if she had laid it on a bit thick, particularly the happily married woman part. She wasn't sure what it meant to be happy in marriage anymore. But when she saw the downcast look on Vaughn's face, she knew that she had achieved her main objective.
CHAPTER SEVEN

November 1977
East Lansing, Michigan

Three weeks after they met, Taylor and Vaughn made love for the first time. Taylor had steadfastly resisted until then, as much out of fear of the unknown as not wanting to give in too easily and too quickly. It happened at Vaughn's fraternity house. His roommates were all either conveniently out of town, at the football game, or elsewhere doing "it" with their girlfriends.
The three-story house was huge. There were seven bedrooms, three bathrooms, a large kitchen, and a large recreation room with a pool table and ping pong table.
"You didn't tell me you could play this game like a pro," Vaughn remarked as the ping pong ball ricocheted off the table and past his outstretched arm.
"You never asked," Taylor said smiling deviously, while preparing to serve again. "Sixteen to thirteen—" She drove the ball to the corner and he barely got the paddle on it. When the ball bounced high across the net, she waited until just the right moment to slam it back.
There was no return.
The final score was twenty-one to seventeen. Taylor won, though she suspected Vaughn might have let up just a little bit. But in her mind, a win was a win.
"Does the loser get a kiss for his trouble?" he asked, pretending to look sad.
She showed her teeth. "Only if the winner does for her trouble."
Vaughn took a couple of looping steps, closing the distance between them in an instant. "You bet she does," he said gleefully. His arms, long and strong, pulled her to him. What followed was a long, slow, mouth-watering kiss that literally swept Taylor off her feet.
Vaughn's tongue penetrated Taylor's mouth and teeth, tickling her gums. She quickly began to warm up to the idea, putting her tongue invitingly in his mouth. Her whole body tingled like never before. She had known he was a great kisser from the very first time they kissed. Each time since had only reaffirmed it.
And there was something terrifically intoxicating about his smell, Taylor thought. It was a mixture of musk and testosterone. She had become lost in the kiss as their lips pressed together in perpetual motion, when Vaughn suddenly put his hands around her waist and hoisted her onto the pool table. His mouth never left hers as he positioned himself between her legs and began to unzip his bell-bottom jeans. His hardness threatened to burst through the denim.
Though she wanted him as badly as he wanted her, and had been highly anticipating this moment, Taylor resisted. "Not here," she mumbled through clenched teeth. "I don't want my first time to be on a pool table."
Vaughn's face creased with anguish as he fought to contain himself. "It's probably more comfortable than that lumpy bed I sleep in," he muttered with breathy desperation in his voice.
"But a lot less private," Taylor said, self-conscious about the roominess and visibility of the rec room as much as its impersonal nature.
He groaned. "There's no chance in hell that my roommates will slip in on us," he told her. "Not that I wouldn't put it past any of them to try."
Vaughn stood flat-footed and pulled Taylor up, devouring her mouth with wet kisses. "Don't you know how irresistible you are," he poured on the charm, "and how incredibly difficult it has been waiting to make love to you?"
I do, Taylor thought, feeling hot all over at the mere prospect. Before she could answer, his mouth had once again claimed hers.
Taylor tried to catch her breath from the onslaught that left her slightly dizzy, but wild with desire. She respected the fact that he hadn't attempted to force the issue from day one like other guys she'd dated. She wondered if this was why she had waited so long for her first sexual experience. Vaughn seemed to genuinely care about her as a person as much as for the obvious sexual attraction.
It was at that moment that Taylor decided she was in love with Vaughn Mitchell. Yes, she told herself, I love him and I want Vaughn to have me as no other has.
She pulled away from the suction of their joined mouths, taking him by the hand. Quietly, acceptingly, she led Vaughn up two flights of stairs and into uncharted territory.
His room was typical for a male college student frat brother. A couple of black light psychedelic posters and a Stroh's beer sign hung on the dingy beige walls and a dark blue throw rug sat off center on a pine hardwood floor. The twin-sized bed was only half made, and the rest of the room was equally unkempt with clothes and books strewn everywhere, empty beer bottles littering the desk and wastebasket, and other signs of disarray. The distinct smell of vanilla incense filled the air.
As if he only suddenly realized what the room must look like to Taylor, Vaughn gave her a sheepish apology. "Sorry about the mess. Between studies and you, I just haven't had time to get things in order around here."
"Likely excuse," tsked Taylor. "Maybe you should hire a maid—and, no, I'm not offering to take the job." She looked around the room again, wrinkled her nose in disgust, and sat on the bed.
Vaughn sat next to Taylor and began to undo her blouse. "Maybe I should get a housekeeper," he said. He patted the bedspread on his half-made bed and then went back to unfastening the buttons on her blouse. "But, right now, the only person I need is you—" His voice trailed off with clear sexual overtones.
Taylor sat almost frozen in place as he slid the blouse from her shoulders. He unhooked her bra almost in the same motion, watching entrancingly as her breasts bounced free.
She wondered how many other girls had come before her in this bed with Vaughn. At the moment, feeling as she did for him, it didn't seem particularly important.
He kissed her breasts, which caused the nipples to harden and feel like they were on fire. This seemed to turn Vaughn on even more, and he kissed them again and ran his tongue around and over the nipples over and over again. Taylor shuddered from the sensations. For the first time, she truly began to appreciate her breasts. It felt really good when a guy touched and tasted them.
"Nice," Vaughn said, half-moaning, his ear to her chest as if he were listening to the sounds of waves in a seashell.
"What do you hear in there?" Taylor couldn't help but ask.
"Your heartbeat," he said and then chuckled. "If I didn't know better, I'd think you were a bomb waiting to explode."
"Maybe I am..." Her her body stiffened and her breathing became erratic.
In truth, Taylor wasn't quite sure what else to expect from the experience. Her friends had said expect everything from pure pain to pure bliss. Would it hurt? she wondered. Had she already gone as far as she could to achieve sexual fulfillment?
By the time Vaughn pushed his way inside her, Taylor had slipped into a state between preparedness and acceptance that her virginity would be lost forever. She winced from the brief pain that shot through her like a bullet. Then her body quickly adjusted to the strange feeling of his fullness lodged deep within her as if it truly belonged.
Within minutes, it was over. The entire experience had been elementally violent, a bit messy and, for Taylor, not altogether pleasant.
In time, she was sure it would get better.

CHAPTER EIGHT

September 2003
New York City

Taylor was alone, with the exception of a cameraman, in a conference room that had been turned into a mini studio where she had been told to give her first and candid impressions of Vaughn Mitchell. She thought about it carefully, fully understanding that anything she said could be snipped, tweaked, and rearranged to fit the perspective the producer wanted to convey to the audience. As such, she wanted to keep it simple and not say anything that was open to too much interpretation and ambiguity.
Looking directly into the camera, Taylor said evenly: "I really think Vaughn has held up remarkably well over the years. It's like there's something in the genes that allows men to age gracefully, whereas women must simply age and do the best they can—sometimes with a little help."
Oh, no, did I just give the impression that I'd had a facelift...or possibly a tummy tuck? Taylor thought, appalled at the suggestion. As it was, everything about her, good or bad, was still natural. But it was too late now to take back her words, leaving the viewers to draw their own conclusions.
"I must admit that I have to get used to his short salt and pepper hair," she told the camera, not wanting to paint too much of a gorgeous landscape. "The Vaughn I knew had more hair on his head than most women. You have to understand that when Vaughn and I met in the late seventies, long hair on twenty-something guys was the in thing. And I suppose it still is for some in that age group. Anyway, I think Vaughn's hairstyle is perfectly suited for a man his age." She wondered if she had gotten carried away with so much hair talk. Obviously, there was a lot more to be admired about the man than what was on his head.
It didn't really matter anyway, Taylor told herself. It wasn't likely she would ever see Vaughn again after this weekend.
She gathered herself, realizing they expected something more substantive from her than just his appearance alone. After a moment or two, Taylor said: "Vaughn is still as articulate, witty, and charming as I remembered." She wasn't sure how accurate her memories were. Or if they had become somewhat blurred with time, and she was somehow mixing the past with the present. "All in all," she added, "my initial impression of Vaughn Mitchell is that the last twenty-five years have been kind to him...and it seems as if he's matured accordingly, and is at peace with himself."
Now how could I possibly know that? Taylor thought, feeling like a complete idiot after practically making the man out to be a saint with no flaws and no demons to speak of. She could almost hear Audra say in her usual cynical tone after listening to this: "Mom—did you read that from a script, or what? Have the last twenty years been as kind to Dad? What about his maturity level and being at peace with himself? Or your own, for that matter?"
Taylor was happy when the camera session ended, but second-guessed herself about everything she said, or perhaps didn't say. She could only imagine what Vaughn would say or had already said about her. More importantly, she thought, why did he want this public reunion? What was really behind it?
* * *
Taylor had her first one on one time with Vaughn at one of the hotel's five-star restaurants. Except for the ever-present lights and cameras, the space had been set aside for them. Other diners were moved well away. Indeed, she noted, there was only a bottle of wine and two half-filled goblets on the table, along with a few food props, just for effect. The setting was intended primarily for conversation and reflection, not for eating.
"What in the world were you thinking wanting to reunite on this show?" Taylor decided to get to the point, forgetting for a moment that no one had forced her to come to New York.
Vaughn didn't hesitate with his answer as he adjusted his tie. "I wanted to see you again," he said succinctly. "I couldn't think of a better way than this—"
At least not one that would probably be as agreeable to her, he thought. He'd known that reuniting on Forever Sweethearts was a calculated risk. But it was one he was willing to take, if for no other reason than as a safety net, believing she may have been less inclined to meet him one on one had he simply called her out of the blue. He could see beyond her beauty and those mesmerizing jade eyes that the bitterness from twenty-five years ago was still there. Not that he could blame her—he only had to look in the mirror and point his finger.
The fact that Taylor was married with a child that could well have been his if things had worked out right, only made Vaughn want to kick himself even more over the poor choices he'd made in the past. But one thing he had done right was to help bring his daughter into the world and watch her become a well-adjusted, happy young adult.
He just wasn't sure if that was enough, all things considered.
Taylor took a deep breath, wondering what Vaughn was thinking at that moment. It felt really weird sitting here with him at a restaurant like old times and being expected to engage in dialogue about the past...a past that in many ways she'd just as soon forget.
"You dumped me," she said, glaring at him. Remembering it stung Taylor as if it was happening all over again. "Why did you? I never really knew the reason."
Oh yes you did, she thought, her memory suddenly very clear on this point. A girl named Rosemary Delfino came to mind. Vaughn had made no secret of his attraction to her and other pretty female students. Taylor wondered if he had ended up marrying Rosemary.
He left me for someone else—plain and simple, she told herself. The sad truth stung Taylor like a bee, almost as if she were just coming to terms with the hurt, anger, betrayal, and disillusionment for the first time. But it was more than just that, she thought. She gave this man her heart and soul and would have done anything for him. But he had to turn out to be an asshole just like some of the other guys she had dated in college.
But Vaughn Mitchell was the only one she fell in love with. This was something Taylor couldn't shake as far as wishing that love and respect had gone both ways.
Vaughn considered Taylor's words, as well as the lady herself. The color seemed to have almost drained from her face, and she was clearly seeking closure for a time that had come and gone. He knew that this was more or less the moment of truth for him. If he blew it, there might never be another chance to try to redeem himself for his past sins.
He met Taylor's gaze squarely and said in an uneven voice: "I've asked myself that same question maybe a million times." The answer continued to frustrate Vaughn to this day. "The plain truth of the matter is that I was an idiot! Add to that being young, not half as smart as I thought I was, and a guy who was scared to death of getting in over my head in something I wasn't really ready for at the time."
Taylor was stunned by the candor of his words. If she was honest about it, she would admit that she wasn't really ready either to get married at twenty-one. But she was not yet willing to assuage him from guilt for letting what they had slip through his fingers like sand.
Sending her into the arms of Paul Holland.
Vaughn sighed, glanced away as if fighting back tears, faced Taylor again, and said: "Look, I know I hurt you, Taylor, and I'm sorry. It's taken me twenty-five years to be man enough to say that." He lowered his eyes repentantly and then sipped some wine before looking at her again. "I wanted to make things right—"
Make things right. The words bounced around in Taylor's head like a basketball. What exactly did that mean?
How could you possibly make things right today, twenty-five years later? she thought.
They were no longer the same people they were in college. At least she wasn't—not with a husband and grown child in the picture now. The only possible way to make things right would be if they could somehow go back in time and see what would have happened if the destiny they once had was allowed to take shape.
Taylor quickly realized how foolish that sounded. Time travel did not exist in the real world. They both had lives created and crafted over the last quarter of a century like a carefully woven intricate pattern. Vaughn couldn't possibly want anything more now than to relieve the guilty conscience he had obviously carried with him through the years like an overfilled sack of rotten potatoes.
Or perhaps time and reflection had given Vaughn inner strength to allow him to face up to past mistakes so that he could now move on with his life.
Can I move on, too? she asked herself.
Taylor sipped her wine thoughtfully. "There's nothing to make right, Vaughn," she told him as much as she told herself. "What happened between us happened a long time ago. Time has a way of healing old wounds." Did she really believe that? Or did it simply sound right in theory rather than actuality?
What about healing broken hearts? Vaughn thought, not sure if he was thinking about hers or his. Maybe this whole damn thing was a bad idea. Or maybe it was the most sensible thing he'd done in his life, aside from meeting Taylor Braxton in another era, even if in many respects it seemed like only yesterday.
"So where do you live now?" Vaughn asked causally, switching subjects. He had purposely avoided digging into her life prior to contacting the show because he wanted to keep things fair all the way around. What she chose to reveal was entirely up to her.
Taylor hesitated, as if she didn't want to go there by announcing to him and the world where she lived. Was she afraid of giving Vaughn direct access to her? Or was it that by doing so it implied an interest on her part to maintain some sort of communication after the staged reunion?
"We live in East Lansing, Michigan," she told him, with an emphasis on we—or her and her husband—as she watched the surprised look on Vaughn's face.
"Really?" he said, meeting her eyes. Had she lived there all this time? Home of MSU. In fact, he had visited the campus exactly one time since graduating. It was an impromptu thing after being in Detroit for a business meeting. He'd enjoyed the brief trip down memory lane as he drove around campus. Was it possible that they could have passed each other without even knowing it?
"Yes, my husband and I are both teaching at Michigan State," she said. "We like living there. It suits us being a college town and all." Taylor wondered if she was trying to convince herself more than him. And why must I keep saying we? she thought. Am I not able to stand on my own two feet with my own opinions independent of Paul?
The truth was it felt safe to speak in terms of we rather than me when talking about her life to an old boyfriend. Or at least this boyfriend in particular.
Glancing at the camera reminded Taylor that this reunion was not about her and Paul, but her and Vaughn. She had volunteered to come so she had to try to play by the rules. She forced a smile at Vaughn and asked politely: "How about you? Where did you end up after graduating from MSU?" She was more than a little curious.
"I lived on the East Coast for a while," Vaughn responded thoughtfully, "before moving to Chicago ten years ago." He wondered if that was displeasure he detected in her face or if it was simply reflection.
They were two hundred and twenty miles apart, thought Taylor. But it might as well have been a million miles, since she hardly ever went to Chicago. She had visited from time to time, enjoying the attractions of the city. How might she have reacted had she actually run into him on the street?
"And what do you do for a living?" Taylor looked across the table, remembering his dual major and picturing him as an economist or perhaps a political pundit.
"I'm in corporate law," Vaughn said nonchalantly. "I mainly work with acquisitions and the formation and capitalization of corporations." He thought about it and added: "After leaving MSU, I bummed around for a year or so before getting accepted into Harvard Law School."
Taylor was visibly impressed. Harvard. She recalled that he had wanted to go to law school someday. So why not attend one of the best law schools in the country? Obviously, he had done just that and found success afterward. It made her wonder if she should have set her own sights a bit higher.
"I teach women's studies," Taylor said meekly, as if she had fallen short of her potential. "And I'm also writing a book," she added, attempting to boost her self-worth. She was about halfway through her nonfiction book on traditional gender roles and victimization in society. She'd also had a number of articles published in well-respected journals.
"I'm not surprised," he said. "You were a good writer back in the day. And you certainly bailed me out on more than one occasion when I needed a quick, professionally done term paper."
For Taylor, it had been a sure-fire way to make money in those days of scraping for extra income to supplement her scholarship. Though typing papers for Vaughn was usually free of charge. Of course, with him, there were plenty of other fringe benefits, she recalled intimately.
Vaughn smiled and said: "I kind of figured you would end up as an educator."
"Is that so?" Taylor asked, raising a brow.
Vaughn nodded. "Yeah. You were a hell of a lot smarter than I ever was. You also told me that teaching was one of about fifty different things you hoped to do with your sociology degree."
Taylor smiled. She had forgotten some of the details from those days. Details about her that he remembered, as if making a point to remember them, she thought.
Taylor's mind shifted to details about the present day Vaughn Mitchell.

CHAPTER NINE

Taylor freshened up in her room and changed into a light blue print shirt, sable twill pants, and black sandals. She had just brushed her hair when her cell phone rang. Hurrying into the bedroom, she grabbed the phone off the night table.
It was Paul. He was huffing and puffing, as though he'd just completed a track meet. "I called you twice earlier," he said irritably, "but there was no answer."
"Sorry, but I left my cell phone in the room," Taylor told him guiltily. The producers had asked all the former sweethearts not to bring their cell phones during taping so it wouldn't interfere with production.
Paul snorted. "Well, what good is having the damned thing if you can't be reached any time?"
"I wasn't away from it that long," she responded tersely. "You have the hotel number for emergencies." She assumed there was no emergency by the tone of his grumbling voice.
"Well I hope you're having a good time in New York, because I'm sure as hell not in Atlanta," he said.
Taylor sat down, feeling slightly bewildered. "What happened?" she asked, knowing it was what he expected her to say.
"Some damn demonstrators—anti this and anti that with an axe or two to grind—disrupted the conference this morning," Paul said angrily. "When they were asked to leave, they refused, causing even more of a ruckus. Before it was over, all hell broke loose between some of the conference organizers and the demonstrators. The cops were called in to arrest the troublemakers, and the conference was canceled." He sighed raggedly. "We spent most of today trying to organize a second conference for sometime early next year—"
"Did you get hurt?" Taylor asked anxiously, switching the phone to her other ear.
"No," he said. "I just wonder what the hell is happening in this country. Contrary to popular belief, it seems like idiots are practically getting away with murder under the guise of the right to free speech. Are we going to have to arm ourselves with loaded weapons just to put on a damned seminar?"
Taylor was happy to hear that he wasn't injured, other than perhaps his pride. She was sure that this incident would not frighten her husband off from accepting the next conference invitation that came his way. Just the opposite.
"Sorry about the conference," she told him lamely.
"Don't be," he said. "I'll live."
"So are you coming home early then?" Taylor asked.
"Why should I?" Paul grunted. "You're not there."
"I'm leaving New York tomorrow," she said defensively. "You weren't supposed to be back until Monday."
"I know." He paused. "So how's it going there?"
Thanks for asking, after you got your own trip's shortcomings out of the way, Taylor thought.
"It's been fun," she said, not wanting to reveal too much.
"And your friend—is it someone you know from school?"
"No, we run together sometimes," Taylor lied, hating to do so. Technically speaking, she and Vaughn had run together many years ago, which made it a tiny bit less than an outright fib. She wondered if Vaughn was still a runner.
Now was definitely not the time to explain to Paul that she was in New York reuniting with her college boyfriend Vaughn Mitchell. "If you were more interested in running—" she began.
"Yeah, I get the picture," Paul cut her off brusquely. "Anyway, I called Audra. All she seems to want to talk about is this boyfriend of hers—Jessie. I think we need to check him out."
"I think we need to let her grow up, Paul," Taylor countered. "Lest you've forgotten, she's going to your alma mater. You have to expect that she'll make friends, including young men, while she's there. We'll just have to trust her judgment."
Even for Taylor this was easier said than done. But what choice did she have?
"Yeah, I guess you're right about that," he muttered. "Go back to whatever you were doing. I'll see you when you get home."
Before Taylor could say another word, Paul had hung up. No goodbye. No I love you. No I miss you. And certainly nothing to indicate he needed her.
Taylor felt like crying, recognizing that Paul really did not have much of a problem being separated from her—whether he was away from home or her, or both. So what did that say about their marriage or them as individuals?
She was given a start when she heard two rapid knocks on the door. This was followed momentarily by two more softer, hesitant knocks. Taylor's first thought was that it was someone from the Forever Sweethearts production staff, perhaps advising her about the next setting for going down memory lane. By the time she got to the door, two harder knocks had seemingly shaken the room's foundation.
Taylor put her eye up to the peephole. She winced when the unsmiling face she saw was that of Vaughn Mitchell. What was he doing here? And how had he gotten her room number?
Of course, she knew the answer to both. It didn't take a genius to figure out who stayed in what room amongst the Forever Sweethearts' couples. They were all probably located in the same section of the hotel. Had that failed, Taylor had no doubt that any of them could have easily found out the information from the producers or staff. After all, the rooms were outfitted with cameras for that very purpose. This was show business when all was said and done, she reminded herself. They were all expected implicitly to put on a show. And Vaughn was likely just playing his part.
Now she had to play hers as well, even if Taylor would have preferred that her room was totally off limits to a former boyfriend with whom she was reuniting for old times' sake—not for new times.
She took a deep breath, released it, and then opened the door.
"Hi," Vaughn said in a voice full of uncertainty. "Hope I didn't catch you napping or anything."
Taylor twisted her lips into a cheery smile. "No, I was just sitting around," she told him. And pouting about my husband and what seems to be missing in my marriage, she thought.
"Same here," he said. "Can I come in...?"
What am I supposed to say? Taylor mused. No, I don't think it would be a good idea because I'm still pissed at you after twenty-five years? Or that I'm afraid it might give off the wrong impression to TV viewers, not to mention my husband.
"Sure," she told him.
Vaughn walked in and Taylor noted that he had changed into a short-sleeved yellow shirt, navy blue pants, and black loafers. He had always been a snazzy dresser compared to most students, she thought admiringly. Comparatively, Paul didn't know the first thing about style, preferring to wear the same type of clothes that his father would.
"This room looks vaguely familiar," joked Vaughn, as he glanced around the room.
"That's hotel living for you," Taylor said humorously, while trying to keep her nerves in check at being in such close proximity with a stranger who wasn't really a stranger.
"Yeah, I hear you." He met her eyes and thought that they seemed even greener than normal, if that were possible. Or maybe he just had to get used to them again. "Mind if I sit down?"
Taylor offered him a seat on the contemporary sofa. She sat on it too, glad that it was long enough to fit two people between them. She thought about offering him a drink from the mini bar, but opted not to make this seem any cozier than it already did. Even though I could sure use a glass of wine right about now, she told herself.
Now that he was here with her—alone—Vaughn really wasn't quite sure what to say or what would be appropriate with the hidden cameras running. He certainly didn't want to embarrass Taylor in front of whoever might watch this. Not to mention embarrass himself.
"I want to thank you for coming on this show, Taylor," he finally said. "I know it couldn't have been an easy decision to make, what with your family and all..."
In some ways her family situation made it easier, Taylor thought, but said: "Yes, it was difficult to agree to be part of a series that I'd never watched before—with no idea whether or not I would only end up looking like a certifiable idiot."
Vaughn chuckled. "I doubt there is any chance of that." It was more likely that he would make a fool out of himself.
"I suppose I was curious to see what you looked like today," Taylor admitted. And I felt an urge to connect with my past—the one part of my life that had once seemed so dependable, she thought.
Vaughn laughed. "Okay, so the curiosity bug bit me, too." And so much more, he thought. "Twenty-five years is a long time to try to look back on," he said. "I just knew you were still gorgeous today." And that was an understatement.
"Still a charmer, I see," gushed Taylor. Even if she didn't totally buy into it, every forty-six-year-old woman still liked to think she could compete with her twenty-one-year-old self.
"Hey, I'm just telling it like it is," he insisted with a straight face. "You really haven't changed a bit—except for the better."
Taylor suddenly found herself transported back in time to a comfort zone that she didn't necessarily want to be in now with someone who had taken her love and thrown it away like it meant nothing. She'd been there, done that, and wouldn't let herself fall for this man all over again.
"Would you like something to drink?" she asked as if no other words would come to the surface.
Vaughn nodded. "Sure."
Taylor stood up, hoping he wouldn't follow suit. He didn't. "Anything in particular?" She remembered that he liked beer and occasionally wine and rum.
"Whatever you're having is fine," he told her.
Taylor smiled and shuffled over to the mini bar, imagining him watching her backside. He once called it her third best feature behind her eyes and hair. She blushed at the thought, while thinking: I just wish my husband would take a greater interest in my physical attributes.
Taylor half-filled two wine glasses with merlot. After handing Vaughn one, she sat back down in the same spot and thought: I can't believe I'm really sitting here having a drink in a hotel suite in Manhattan with Vaughn Mitchell for all the world to see—including my husband and daughter, who know so little about my life before Paul and I got together.
"So your daughter is going to Oxford," Vaughn said, gazing at her as he took a sip of wine.
"Yes, she is," answered Taylor, happy to be discussing something safe.
"That's great," he said.
"This is her second year there, but it seems like forever to me," Taylor told him.
"I know what you mean," Vaughn said thoughtfully. "My daughter is in her third year at UCLA, and it still seems too far way for me."
Taylor realized in that moment that distance really was relative where it concerned losing one's child to adulthood, college, and independence; and fathers were no less affected, including Paul. It suddenly felt somewhat odd for her to think that Vaughn—who Taylor had met when she was a college junior—now had a daughter in college who was a junior. Taylor realized that, had the circumstances been a bit different, Vaughn's daughter could well have been their daughter. The notion appealed to her as much as unnerved her.
After taking another sip of wine, Taylor decided to ask the burning question that had been at the forefront of her mind. Trying to sound as innocuous as possible, she asked: "So, did you marry Rosemary Delfino?"
Vaughn frowned. "No, not in a million years," he said. "We dated for a little while, if you could call it that, then we went our separate ways. I have no idea what became of her. She's probably on her third or fourth marriage and still looking—"
Taylor chuckled at the notion. She was also surprised to feel enormous satisfaction that Vaughn had not married Rosemary Delfino after all. It was as if Taylor felt vindicated in her belief that Rosemary had been the wrong girl for Vaughn.
I guess we both were, she told herself reluctantly, and immediately wondered about the woman Vaughn had married and divorced...and anyone else who had been or was in his life since their break up so many years ago. She tried to turn these thoughts off, as if a leaking faucet. Knowing more about his love life would not make any difference in either of their lives at this stage.
Vaughn wondered about the man whom Taylor had wed, fathering her only child. Was she really happily married and madly in love? Was that why she traveled nearly seven hundred miles to see an old lover and onetime fiancé?
Am I twenty-five years too late? he asked himself. Or was there still a chance for him and this gorgeous lady to get back together?

CHAPTER TEN

Winter Term 1978
Michigan State University

Three months into their relationship, Taylor and Vaughn got engaged. It came just as unexpectedly to Taylor as it would end three months later.
That cold January evening, she was busy studying in her room when the phone rang. One of Taylor's roommates told her it was Vaughn.
She was grateful for the break and even more grateful that her boyfriend was providing it.
"Hi," she said cheerfully.
"What are you doing?" he asked. His voice sounded strange to her, as if the words were merely a prelude to others.
"Talking to you," she quipped. "Before that, I was preparing for my art history exam. But you wouldn't know too much about that, would you?"
"Art history?"
"No, silly. Studying." His study habits seemed to be little to nonexistent, which made it all the more remarkable that Vaughn was carrying nearly a 4.0 grade point average. She sometimes wondered if he was simply a natural born genius. Or was it possible that classes were easier for seniors? Maybe the system was designed to reward those who made it that far.
"There is one subject that I just love to study intently," Vaughn said with a definite catch to his voice.
Taylor blushed like he was right there in the room being turned on by her. "I'm sure I can guess what that is," she said, imagining him examining every inch of her body like an entomologist might a bug. Only she was a young woman—with feelings to match.
"Well, just in case you have any doubts—it's you, Taylor." His voice had a rich tone that seemed to echo through the phone, sending chills of excitement through her. "I thought you might want to grab a bite to eat..." He paused. "But if you're—"
"Okay," she cut in, not hiding for one moment her enthusiasm about being with him for any occasion. Not to mention the hunger pangs that threatened to engulf her like a burning fire. Studying could wait. "Where are we going?"
"Burger King." He sounded embarrassed when he added: "It's their two Whoppers for the price of one day of the week. My treat."
Taylor suppressed a giggle. Not exactly dinner at the Ritz, she thought. "That sounds good," she said. "What time?"
"I'll pick you up in fifteen minutes," he said.
"I'm in my nightgown and robe," she muttered, trying to keep her voice down, though Taylor suspected her inquisitive roommates could hear every word. "It'll take me at least half an hour to throw something decent on." Not to mention making up her face and doing something with her hair.
Vaughn said something to someone off the phone, then to her: "Half an hour then, if my stomach can hold up for that long."
"Well, order it to," Taylor said. "Don't you dare go anywhere without me, Vaughn Mitchell!"
She hung up and quickly threw on a pink sweater and bell-bottom jeans. After washing her face and applying just the right amount of makeup and lipstick, Taylor pulled her hair back into a ponytail. She was ready to go with three minutes to spare.
* * *
Ever since their first date, Taylor looked forward to every second she and Vaughn spent together. No one had ever made her feel so special. When they made love, it was like being suspended in time and space, where minutes seemed to turn into hours, and hours into days, and days into weeks. She had fallen hopelessly in love for the first and, she believed, last time. She was sure Vaughn felt the same way, even if she had yet to hear the words come from his mouth.
They seemed destined to be together forever.
At Burger King, they found an empty booth in the back. Vaughn, wearing a leather jacket, black turtleneck sweater, and light brown corduroy pants, had already devoured one Whopper when he said hesitantly: "Taylor, I've been giving our relationship a lot of thought..."
"Sounds serious," she told him, feeling a knot form in her stomach. "What about our relationship?"
She feared that he was going to tell her that they had gotten way too serious way too soon and now was the time to back off, give each other some space, and start dating others. The mere notion threatened to crush Taylor's heart. Not to mention her spirit. She tried to read his face, but it was almost expressionless, as if by design.
Vaughn tilted his head sideways, as if someone was pulling his long locks in that direction. "I want us to get married!" His voice was blunt, if not a little shaky.
Taylor had momentarily lost her voice as she met his steady gaze.
"Don't look so shocked," he said, hoping that wasn't her way of rejecting his proposal. "We've been dating for three months, Taylor. That's long enough to know what I feel for you is the real deal. I hope you feel the same way—"
Three months and three days, Taylor thought, having kept track of it almost to the second. She put her sandwich down.
Though she had imagined this day all her life, Taylor was not totally overcome with bliss. She had been expecting declarations of love first.
Did he love her?
If so, why couldn't he say it? Or was it a male thing, where the woman was supposed to just know how he felt?
And what about popping the question properly by asking, Will you marry me, Taylor? instead of merely assuming the answer would be yes, she thought.
Then there were more practical things that also concerned Taylor like graduation, getting jobs, and hopefully becoming responsible adults. Children were also an important part of the future. Were they really ready to take that all important step of marriage any time soon? They hadn't even met each other's families yet. Would his parents approve of her?
Taylor doubted it would be a problem with her mother, who had raised her as a single parent after Taylor's father died when she was five. Her mother had always trusted her judgment, and knew that she wouldn't settle for just anyone to walk down the aisle with.
"I'm not sure what to say—" Taylor could feel her pulse racing like crazy.
Vaughn studied her with worried eyes. "Say you'll marry me." Am I coming on too strong, too soon? he wondered. Was the suddenness of his proposal—at a fast food joint of all places—going to scare her off where it concerned tying the knot?
She tried to catch her breath. "When?"
"Tomorrow," he said, trying to make a joke out of it, which clearly backfired by the look on her face. He quickly added: "Just kidding. We should get married sometime in the future after I graduate, of course. Maybe even after I finish law school. We wouldn't want to start off our marriage as struggling—make that dirt poor—students, would we?" He flashed a sincere smile.
Taylor felt a surge of relief in that moment, though she knew in all honesty that she would have been willing to elope with him that afternoon if he'd really wanted to. She loved him that much and felt they belonged together as husband and wife.
Yet there was still a feeling of uneasiness about his proposal, or rather what was missing from it.
"Are you sure this is what you want?" Taylor heard the words come pouring out of her mouth, as if in serious doubt.
Vaughn put his burger down. "I'm sure." He paused, concern dotting his face. "Is it what you want?"
"Yes," Taylor said flatly and without preface. She bit her trembling lower lip. "I just don't want you to make any promises you may not be able to keep, Vaughn."
He didn't flinch in his response, locking in on her gaze. "I love you, Taylor."
"Are you sure?" She kept her eyes pinned on his.
"Of course, I'm sure," he said. "I probably felt this way from the moment I stared into those attention-grabbing green eyes." He put his hand under the table and rested it on her knee. "I admit, this is a crappy place to propose to someone, but I don't have any experience in picking the perfect setting. On top of that, I can't afford a fancy restaurant right now. All I know is that I can't stand the thought of losing you to some other guy out there."
"There's been no one else since you," Taylor made perfectly clear. And even before him, the farthest she had ever gone with a guy was necking and caressing above the waist. Vaughn had made her feel like a queen and she appreciated him for the person he was. She grasped his hand that was still on her knee. "You won't lose me," she promised, tears forming in her eyes. "I love you too much to even look at another guy."
Vaughn's face lit up like a lantern, and his heart nearly stopped. "Then you'll marry me...?"
"Yes!" Taylor cried happily. "I'll marry you."
He leaned across the table and kissed her. "We'll have a good life together, Taylor. I can feel it..."
"So can I," she said, kissing him back.
Taylor had no way of knowing she couldn't have been more wrong.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

October 2003
East Lansing, Michigan

As the tub threatened to overflow with bubbles, Taylor stretched her legs out, lifting one out of the water and wiggling her toes. She leaned back in the soothing water, inhaling the intoxicating scent of lavender, and closed her eyes, trying to relax. It had been a week since she returned home from New York, and Taylor was still coming back down to earth from the experience.
She thought about her last day there. It had begun with a group tour of the Big Apple. This was followed by a relaxing cruise around Manhattan. It was there that R. Dean Callaway had cornered Taylor and Vaughn, with the cameras rolling.
Dean, doing his best to look like a suave skipper dressed in white from head to toe, said in a practiced voice: "Well, folks, the moment of truth has arrived..." He looked at Taylor and smiled. "From what I understand, you were the one wronged in this relationship some twenty-five years ago. Now that you've been brought here on Forever Sweethearts to confront these past haunts and the man behind them, are you prepared to let bygones be bygones and forgive Vaughn for his, shall we say, poor judgment at the time?"
Taylor, feeling the heat of the moment, regarded Vaughn who flashed her a tentative smile. As with each time she'd seen him in New York, he was again dressed to kill in a navy sport coat, maroon polo shirt, and dark jeans. Aside from his short salt and pepper hair and mustache, Taylor would swear that this was the same twenty-one-year-old man she'd fallen in love with.
But that was before she'd fallen out of love with him following his betrayal. I can't just pretend that what happened between us didn't, Taylor told herself, painfully remembering it. I deserved better. He was exactly what I wanted.
It was simply not meant to be, she realized. Looking at Vaughn, Taylor knew it had taken guts on his part to orchestrate this reunion on a national reality television series, to bare his soul about walking out of her life at a time when it was just beginning. A time when she had learned for the first time what it meant to be in love. And be loved.
Even if a part of her wanted to feel otherwise, Taylor couldn't help but be moved by his willingness to somehow try and make amends for the past—even if it was twenty-five years past due. Regardless of her misgivings, she had to applaud his efforts and accept that he wanted her forgiveness.
The bitterness she had felt had slowly dissipated over the years. But there would always be some lingering feelings about what had been, what might have been, and what was to be.
As their eyes locked, Taylor felt a sense of inner peace she hadn't known before. There was no more room for resentment or despair. She felt it was time to put closure to this part of her life. They both deserved to look back without pain in order to move ahead with their lives.
"Yes, I forgive you, Vaughn," she told him. "We were both young then and made mistakes. I accept it as part of growing up and I wish you the very best in life."
Taylor wondered if she had come across as too cardboard-like in her absolution of him. If so, Vaughn did not seem to mind, as the tenseness etched across his face softened.
"Thank you, Taylor," he said graciously.
Before Taylor could react, Vaughn reached over and hugged her in a seemingly natural show of affection. For an instant, they were cheek to cheek and she could feel a genuine and familiar warmth pass between them.
The warmth continued even after they separated.
The last event on the schedule was a "for old times' sake" dance in the hotel's ballroom. It was strictly optional for the former couples, giving Taylor an out had she chosen to exercise it. She did not. Instead, in keeping with the spirit of the reality show, she decided a single dance with Vaughn down memory lane couldn't hurt.
Taylor wanted to remember what it felt like to be in Vaughn's arms again on the dance floor. She had always loved to dance, but that love had been put on hold over the years as Paul admitted to having two left feet and had no interest in dancing. Meaning this wonderful pastime had been long absent in her life.
Now she could, if only for a few minutes, enjoy what it meant to dance with someone whom Taylor had once moved so magically and rhythmically with to the music. The song playing was "My Romance." A globe strobe light hung from the ceiling, flashing multicolored lights, creating a perfect atmosphere for a trip to the past.
Taylor saved her best outfit for last. She wore a black chiffon cocktail dress with a sweetheart neckline and sexy black sandals. The dress showed off her figure nicely without being ostentatious. She liked dressing up, though it happened far too little in her routine life as a professor, wife, and mother. This was her chance to look nice again for someone who just might be able to appreciate it.
She rested her head against Vaughn's sturdy shoulder and clung to his waist. His arms were wrapped around her back as he held them close together. They moved slowly in circles and Taylor was surprised that, after so many years, neither of them had seemed to lose a step in their rhythm together.
"You feel really good," Vaughn whispered in her ear. "Just like old times..."
Taylor was certain the microphones had not picked this up, but was shaken nevertheless. "Please don't," she whispered back, even if she wanted to say he felt good too. Even great. But it wasn't her place anymore to feel such things, any more than it was his.
"I won't say it again," Vaughn said softly. "But I won't take that one back. I couldn't."
Taylor felt tears well up in her eyes. The tears were not so much for yesterday and what she and Vaughn once had, but for today and what was missing in her life with Paul. But it was the life she had, for better or worse, and she wouldn't allow a brief glimpse into her past to destroy everything she'd built since.
* * *
Taylor felt a shiver run through her in the tub, even as the steam from the hot water rose into the air. Thinking about the reunion with her first love, she wondered if her priorities had been temporarily misplaced. She had gone to New York not knowing what to expect, and found it to be a catharsis of sorts. Vaughn Mitchell still had a way of reaching her inner soul after all these years. She knew it was dangerous and perhaps foolhardy.
My life is in the present, not the past, she told herself resolutely.
Taylor knew then that she had to come clean with Paul. Only then could she put Vaughn behind her for good, while trying to save her marriage that seemed to be teetering on the brink of disaster.

CHAPTER TWELVE

That night Taylor was sitting up in bed beside Paul. He was reading a book on the history of South Africa, his glasses barely hanging on the tip of his nose. Taylor was jotting down a few notes for her book and occasionally glancing at the television, not even paying attention to what was on. She sat the pad down on her lap and faced her husband, not sure exactly how she wanted to say this. Just tell him, she told herself, and hope that he'll be understanding.
Taylor knew that was easier said than done, given that he didn't seem to be very understanding these days where it concerned her life. She took a deep breath, while thinking that Paul suddenly looked so much older than she did, as if life had simply aged him more than his years. Why hadn't she noticed this before?
"I need to talk to you, Paul," she said tonelessly.
He turned to her, as though resistant to the idea. "So talk," he said.
I should have told him from the start, Taylor second-guessed herself. But the timing had been all wrong then. Was the timing right now?
Taylor fidgeted in bed as she said: "When I went to New York, it was actually to appear on a reality television series."
"A what...?" Paul frowned and looked down at her as if he was totally lost.
"It's called reality TV," she explained, feeling foolish in the process. "You know, shows like Survivor, Big Brother, The Osbournes—"
"Oh, right." He removed his glasses and put them back on. "You're telling me you went to see one of those shows live?"
Oh boy, this is going to be harder than I thought, mused Taylor. She sighed. "No, I'm saying that I was invited to be a guest on a reality TV show...a show about former sweethearts. And the show was taped in New York—"
Paul flinched and his body stiffened. After a moment, he muttered: "I thought you said you went there with a runner friend?"
Once upon a time Vaughn was a very good runner, she thought, but told Paul: "I went there to reunite with a college boyfriend." Then she added, as if to soften the blow: "I told you about him..."
Paul shifted in his pajamas, seemingly straining to remember. Again, he took off his glasses and stared at her. "Are you having an affair with this college boyfriend?"
Taylor's heart was pounding. "No, I am not having an affair, Paul. For heaven's sake," she snapped, as though it should have been obvious. "Prior to the show, I hadn't seen him in twenty-five years."
Paul's worried face seemed to relax. But just a little. "So why see him now?"
"I'm not sure," she said. "I guess I just felt I needed closure for the relationship, even if it's been over for twenty-five years." Taylor paused. "When the show called and asked if I would come on, it was like I felt drawn to see him one last time and, I don't know, clear the air—"
"And did you?" Paul's hard gaze never left her face.
"Yes, I did."
"But you couldn't tell me about it beforehand?" he said.
"I wanted to," she insisted.
His brows touched. "Then why didn't you?"
She shrugged. "I don't know. I guess I was afraid you'd try to talk me out of it, or tell me what a stupid idea it was."
"You're probably right about that—I would have," he said.
Taylor gingerly reached out and took his hand. "I had to do this, Paul," she said softly. "It meant nothing, other than allowing me to come to terms with my past, before I met you."
It took a moment or two before Paul put his glasses back on and said: "Fine."
Taylor was not sure what he was thinking, since Paul tended to keep his feelings to himself at times—especially when it involved something important to her. But she had a clue when he slid his hand from beneath hers and started reading again as if she wasn't even there.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

The plane was filled to capacity. Vaughn was in a window seat in the first class section. He wasn't sure which unnerved him more: the strong turbulence that had him believing the damned plane would never make it to Chicago or the thought of never seeing Taylor Holland again.
The answer was as clear to Vaughn as the time on his watch. He nursed a gin and tonic and wondered that the hell was wrong with him. But then she did have that effect on him, even after all these years.
He glanced out the window at the blue sky and thick clouds below. Only when he concentrated hard was he able to see Taylor's beautiful face and those wondrous eyes staring back at him. It had been over a week since the Forever Sweethearts taping had ended—and possibly with it, the last he might ever see of Taylor Braxton Holland.
What the hell was he thinking when he called the show after seeing an advertisement inviting long lost loves to appear on the show and make peace with their past? Did he truly believe that all it would take was to get Taylor to New York City and everything else would fall back into place like it was 1978 all over again?
It didn't work that way, he thought. Even if he'd never truly been able to get Taylor out of his mind after all these years, there was no going back to the glory days when she was his one true love. He'd let her get away at a time when raging hormones, ambition, fear, and plain old stupidity prevented him from seeing the big picture.
Now he was forty-seven and divorced, and she was happily married to another man. Vaughn regretted this, though he knew he should be happy for Taylor. After all, it was not as if he hadn't had his chance with her and blown it big time. He had to live with that. He'd said what he needed to say to her in New York, and she had seemingly accepted it for what it was worth.
What he hadn't told her—what Vaughn perhaps hadn't even known himself till now—was that he still loved her to this very day, and would give anything to have Taylor back.
Forget it, he told himself sensibly. Let her go. Don't even think about intruding any further into her well established and content world. Get on with your life and let her get on with hers.
Vaughn heard his inner voice loud and clear. Trouble was, he wasn't sure he bought the notion that what they had was over and done with. The way they had danced that last night, never missing a beat as though time stood still, told him that the chemistry and perhaps connection between them had not gone away. Not entirely anyway.
There's still a chance Taylor might have feelings for me that could one day turn into love again, Vaughn thought, sipping his drink. He tried to put the notion out of his head; then decided there was no harm wishing and hoping for something, no matter what the odds were against it.
The pilot announced that they would be landing in fifteen minutes. Vaughn regained his bearings on the present, even if he'd rather daydream some more. His life in recent years had become one of frequent travel back and forth across the country, long days, and many sleepless nights. He had found success in corporate America. But at what price? In his climb up the ladder, he had managed to lose sight of what was truly important.
Was it too late to get it back?
* * *
During the drive home from Chicago O'Hare International Airport, Vaughn once again reflected on the woman that he couldn't seem to get out of his mind, as though she was embedded there for good. The truth of the matter was, with the possible exception of his daughter Nicole, Taylor had been the best thing to ever happen to him, and he damned well knew it. 
But he hadn't known it twenty-five years ago—at least not in the way that could have prevented what happened between them. He was too young to settle down. He wasn't ready to be in love. He felt trapped in a relationship at a time when freedom meant partying, bedding different women, working on his education, and being accountable to no one but himself.
She deserved a hell of a lot better than him, he'd thought at the time. He didn't deserve her. Or the love she gave him with all her heart.
As though it were yesterday, Vaughn could still see the pain in those green eyes when he'd told Taylor it was over. Never before or since had he seen such deep pain and sorrow. He would have to live with that till the day he died.
Going on the reality show was one way to deal with it. It couldn't erase the past, but at least it would make the future slightly easier to cope with.
He drove his dark red Mercedes down West Illinois Street and right into a traffic jam.
"Welcome back to the Windy City," he muttered under his breath.
"I've been happily married to a wonderful man." The words Taylor had uttered almost in song kept popping into Vaughn's head like a light being turned on and off repeatedly.
Had he expected her to be unhappily married? Or happily divorced?
It wasn't really that surprising that she had found all the things she had once expected of him in another man. Obviously her husband knew a good thing when he had it.
Unlike me, Vaughn told himself.
Did he have the right to interfere in her happiness and her perfect marriage, complete with a beautiful daughter?
He scratched his head, as if this would provide the answers. Instead, it only brought more doubts.
Had too much time passed to try and recapture the long lost love he had let get away?
Vaughn wondered if it was wrong to want to, at the very least, maintain contact with the woman who had captured his heart and soul. A woman who had never completely released him from her hold after twenty-five long years.
Traffic finally began moving again and Vaughn pressed down lightly on the accelerator.
He thought about his ex-wife.
He thought about his daughter.
He thought about his lover.
Then he thought again about her. Taylor Holland.
Suddenly Vaughn looked forward to the comfort zone of his home, even though it came with a certain amount of emptiness and loneliness.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

Taylor went for her usual morning run down Hagadorn Road with a light wind hitting her in the face. The MSU campus was just up ahead. She loved running there, with plentiful sidewalks and attractive scenery. It had been two weeks since her talk with Paul about Vaughn Mitchell, and neither had brought it up since, as if silence would somehow magically erase the fact that she had gone to New York and unintentionally formed a wedge in their relationship. The truth be told, Taylor knew that the problems between her and Paul had been there long before her reunion with Vaughn. And they wouldn't go away now that Vaughn was out of the picture again.
Taylor had suggested they go to counseling on more than one occasion, but Paul had balked at the idea, saying that throwing away good money on some shrink would not accomplish anything worthwhile, aside from fattening the person's pockets and maybe contributing to his or her credits in journals. Instead, Paul preferred to ignore everything that wasn't right between them under the guise of normalcy for people married as long as they had been. Taylor had bought into it because it was easier that way—including putting on a brave face for their daughter who had come to expect that her parents were a few cuts above the rest and, at the very least, would always be together.
But now Taylor was beginning to question her very being and the life she'd led for more than twenty years. Maybe it was a lie from the very beginning and I just failed to notice it till now, she thought.
Her mind suddenly drifted to Vaughn. She couldn't help but compare him to Paul, unsure if she was comparing the old Vaughn or the new Vaughn. Or, for that matter, if the comparison was fair to either man, especially Paul.
Is there really any comparison between them? Taylor had to ask herself. They seemed to have very little in common in appearance, personality, occupation, or philosophy.
They have me in common, she thought. Which made the comparison all the more inevitable now that she had been reunited with Vaughn and made to remember her past life and who she was then as much as Taylor Holland in the present. It was the merging of the two lives into one again that left Taylor both a bit perplexed and uncertain as to what the future held for her.
She turned around and began her run back home.
* * *
That evening, Taylor prepared a real meal of teriyaki chicken, baked potatoes, broccoli, and biscuits as a change of pace. She hoped Paul would appreciate the effort. She set the table with their best china and silverware, and opened up a bottle of wine while Paul was in the shower. Taylor even wore a dress for dinner—a teal dress that Paul had purchased for her birthday three years ago—instead of her usual blouse or sweater and pants or jeans, and put on a little makeup, to make the mood right. She honestly didn't know if she was trying to seduce her husband or simply get him to notice her as a woman again.
His woman.
When Paul came into the dining room, his hair was still wet and flattened against his scalp. He had on fresh slacks and a clean shirt. He sat down at the table. "Smells good," he said.
"It tastes even better," Taylor all but guaranteed.
Paul looked up at her. "You're all dressed up...and this"—he waved his hand over the table—"am I forgetting something?"
Taylor smiled. "Who says it has to be a special occasion if I choose to be a bit dressed up for my husband and fix a delicious meal?"
He grinned crookedly. "Good point."
She was glad to see that they were on the same wavelength for a change.
Paul dipped a finger into the teriyaki sauce, stuck it in his mouth, and after a moment or two declared: "Delicious!"
Taylor breathed a sigh of relief, already wondering how she might capitalize on the mood.
"So how was your day?" she asked casually.
"Busier than usual," he said, cutting into a piece of chicken. "Between the department meetings and the kids I have to babysit, it's a wonder I have any time left for research."
She didn't realize he felt that teaching kids equated with babysitting.
"What did you do?" Paul asked disinterestedly.
Taylor mentioned a few things, including working on her manuscript, and finished with preparing the meal they were eating.
"You should do this more often," he said.
She wasn't sure if he meant cook, dress up, or engage in stimulating conversation.
So she said: "You think?"
He swallowed his food with wine thoughtfully. "Well, not every day. But whenever you feel like it. You'll never get any complaints from me."
But otherwise I would? Taylor thought. It sounded like she was doing herself more of a favor than trying to make things better for them both.
"I'll try to remember that," she told him sarcastically.
Paul did not seem to notice or care. He adjusted his glasses. "Look...about our discussion," he said, "I didn't mean to come down on you like that."
"I know." Taylor assumed he was referring to their conversation about Vaughn.
Paul continued, as if he hadn't heard her. "What is it they say about we always hurt the ones we love most?"
"You didn't hurt me, Paul." On the one-to-ten scale of many tense moments between them, this rated only about a three or four, Taylor thought. And she had to accept some of the blame herself, under the circumstances. She wondered how she would have felt had it been Paul who had gone to New York to see his old college flame. It surprised Taylor to think that she would have understood perfectly.
"Still, I was acting like a damned schoolboy, pissed at the teacher rather than at the boy who stole my lunch money," Paul insisted, wiping the corners of his mouth with a cloth napkin.
What does any of this have to do with boys and teachers, Taylor mused, trying to figure out his logic. Was the boy supposed to be Vaughn? "Aren't you being just a little melodramatic?" she asked.
He buttered a biscuit, and seemed to acknowledge it with apparent reluctance: "Probably."
The conversation quietly shifted to the car notes, the mortgage, the insurance, paying part of Audra's tuition, and, surprisingly to Taylor, the possibility of them taking a trip somewhere early next year. Paul suggested the Bahamas. Taylor countered with Hawaii. She'd always wanted to go there, especially Maui.
They ended up tentatively settling on England to visit Audra. Even then, Taylor sensed that Paul was already trying to think of ways to get out of it, in spite of it being a good opportunity to visit his alma mater and a chance for them to bond on neutral territory. She wondered if he preferred to go alone. Or not at all.
* * *
Later, when they were in bed, Paul said, as if waiting for the right time: "Mom and dad are thinking about coming for Thanksgiving this year."
His parents lived in Kentucky. Taylor and Paul saw them maybe once a year, usually during a holiday. They rarely ever came to East Lansing. Paul's parents seemed to prefer it that way, often complaining about the long trip. It was all the more surprising to Taylor that they wanted to come and visit this particular Thanksgiving, especially since Audra wouldn't be home until Christmas.
Taylor wondered when Paul had talked to them. Though Thanksgiving was more than a month away, she was a little pissed that he hadn't asked her first if it was all right for them to come. Or don't I have a say in it? she thought. After all, I'm only your wife who will have to cook and clean for them, and pretend to be happy even though they usually give me grief because in their eyes I'm somehow not quite good enough for their precious little son.
Paul seemed to detect her edginess. "You know they aren't getting any younger," he said defensively. His parents were both in their late seventies, but showed little sign of being anywhere near death's door. Unlike Taylor's parents, who had already passed away.
"So how long have they been thinking about this?" she asked. "Or was it your idea?"
Taylor watched his profile in the darkness. After a moment or two, Paul faced her. "All right, so I invited them for Thanksgiving when we talked the other day," he said, as if having second thoughts. "It seemed like a good idea at the time."
"What about Audra?" Taylor asked. "Or don't they know they won't get to see her this time around?"
Paul shuffled his feet beneath the covers. "I was hoping we could get her to come home early."
"Did you ask her?"
"No, not yet," he admitted. "But, given the circumstances, I'm sure she could rearrange her schedule a bit if need be."
Taylor frowned. "What about school? Remember she's in England, not New England. Classes will still be in session and can't just be rearranged. If that's not enough, she might have made other plans for such relatively short notice." Audra had told them she preferred to come home for Christmas when she could stay longer. And that made perfect sense to Taylor. Never mind the fact that Audra wanted to spend any extra time she had these days with her boyfriend. She surely wouldn't want to make the long transatlantic trip twice in less than a month—meaning she would have to give up one holiday for another.
Paul muttered something indecipherable, then suggested: "Audra's a smart girl. She can make up anything she misses in class. She can also change any other plans she has. It's not like we're asking her to come home for good."
"Not we," stressed Taylor. "You mean you."
"Same difference," he grumbled.
"Okay, I'll call her," Taylor said, knowing that was what he was hoping for all along. Then she could be the heavy, if there was one, and he could still be the good, understanding dear dad in his daughter's eyes.
Paul touched her toes with his. "Really?"
"Someone has to," Taylor answered, without looking at him. She didn't want to make an issue out of it. After all, Paul's parents were Audra's grandparents, for better or worse. And the only parents either of them had.
Paul propped himself up on his elbow and used his other hand to touch her thigh. "If you don't want my folks to come, they won't."
"They can come," she told him.
"I can always make up an excuse," he said, "and tell them something came up. They'd understand—"
"No they wouldn't." Taylor's tone was almost harsh, as she found it irritating having to argue on behalf of his parents' right to visit, especially after he had already set the chain in motion. "They're your parents, Paul, and you're their only child. It's a good idea to have them spend Thanksgiving with us this year. I'm sure Audra feels the same way. Hopefully she'll be able to come home then."
Paul said nothing more. Instead, he ran his hand inside Taylor's nightgown and up the inside of her thigh. He began to caress her there. Taylor closed her eyes, feeling a twinge of satisfaction between her legs.
"Feel good?" hummed Paul.
"Yes." Taylor made no pretense about it. It had been a long time since he touched her.
She reached over and rested her hand on his crotch. He was limp, but when she began to caress him through his pajamas, she could feel a slow rise. Paul, reacting to the stimulation, leaned over and put his mouth on hers. Taylor took in his lips, savoring the touch as though water after months on dry land.
Paul rolled onto his stomach and climbed atop Taylor. He pushed up her nightgown so it was bunched above her waist. He spread her legs and positioned himself between them. Taylor readied herself, arching her back and taking a deep breath. She heard Paul unsnap his pajamas.
Bending over, he started kissing her hard, flattening Taylor's lips. She could feel the pressure of him trying to get inside her, as though foreign territory, but to no avail. He had become flaccid again like a tire that suddenly, and without warning, deflated.
After clumsily trying to carry on, but failing, Paul cursed and rolled off her onto his back.
"I'm sorry," he said.
"Is it me?" Taylor asked.
"No," Paul said simply.
"Then what?" she asked him, needing to know as his wife. Didn't she have that right to ask?
Paul seemed to ponder the question. Without looking at her, he responded: "I don't know. I'm just not feeling it these days. I think it might have something to do with job stress, the changing weather, or maybe even my diet." He looked at Taylor as if he knew how lame it sounded, but said anyway: "Everything will work itself out. Just give it some time."
Taylor looked away tearfully. They both knew that time itself would not magically work things out. Maybe not even therapy or Viagra would help. She wondered if there was anything that could be done to save their waning sex life.
Not to mention their marriage.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

They made love on her waterbed. Vaughn held back patiently while she squirmed beneath him trying hard to reach an orgasm. Finally, he felt her body quaver and heard her breathing quicken, followed by a lingering moan. He then had his own unenthusiastic release.
When the act was over, Vaughn removed himself from her and sank down on the bed, exhausted more from the effort than the results. She gave him a victorious smile, then curled up beside his warm body and shut her eyes, seemingly content to bask in the afterglow.
He had met Joy at a seminar six months ago. She had curly reddish-orange hair, was tall and shapely, and had big breasts. Theirs had been a natural, if not overwhelming, attraction. Both were divorced, forty-seven, and lonely. She had two adult children. He had Nicole.
Vaughn never mistook what he and Joy had as love, or even close to it. They gave each other support and companionship at a time when both were decidedly missing in their lives. Sex became a part of it because they needed that, too. Only now he feared that had been a mistake. Sex without love was just sex. He wanted more. He needed more.
He had been fantasizing that he was making love to Taylor tonight. Not the Taylor of twenty-five years ago, but the lady today who was every bit as beautiful and desirable. When the fantasy suddenly clashed with reality, he just wanted to get it over with while he was inside Joy.
In his heart, no matter where things went from there, Vaughn knew that this was the last time he and Joy would ever have sex together. It wouldn't be fair to her. And it sure as hell wouldn't be fair to him.
Vaughn closed his eyes and thought about Taylor. He wondered if she had thought about him. If so, what had she thought about?
Maybe she thought about the good old days when the best days of their lives seemed ahead of them. And being with each other. Until he screwed things up and changed the equation for both of them forever.
He thought about Taylor's husband making love to her. This vision irritated Vaughn for some reason. It was as if he felt she still belonged to him—no matter how ridiculous that sounded. Like her husband was somehow nothing more than a thief who had engineered her capture and taken Taylor's love away from him, leaving Vaughn without the woman he had loved and made love to so long ago, even though it seemed like only yesterday.
He had no rightful claim to her, no matter his wishes. He had relinquished any such claim twenty-five years ago and there wasn't a damned thing he could do about it.
Vaughn bit his lower lip. Would he be forced to spend the next twenty-five years suffering for one terrible lapse of judgment?
Sleep finally overcame him, and he dreamed about a time when he had the world in his hands before throwing it away and reshaping what had once seemed like a certain destiny.
* * *
The next day, Vaughn was sitting at his desk in a high-rise office building in downtown Chicago. Beside the phone and a stack of folders on one side of the desk was a framed photograph of him and his daughter Nicole. The picture was the first thing Vaughn looked at every day, as it reminded him of what it meant to be loved unconditionally.
He shifted his body in the high-backed leather chair and turned on his computer. The screen lit up and he was on the Internet. He regularly stayed on top of everything from federal and state laws concerning securities and taxation, to possible acquisitions and takeovers, and liability for corporate acts and malfeasance, keeping his clients informed accordingly.
Vaughn spent over two hours online, occasionally glancing out the windows at the gloomy day. He wondered what Taylor Holland was doing at this instant in her world. It still amazed him that she actually taught at Michigan State where they once hung out together as students and loved walking or running around the campus together. Now she was one of those educating other students. How cool was that?
He went to the MSU website. Under faculty search, he typed, Taylor Holland. Her name appeared and he clicked on it, which opened her faculty web page. Vaughn saw Taylor's official photograph, educational and writing history, and her course schedule. There was nothing about her personal life there, as if she separated the two. Scrolling down, he spotted her e-mail address for students or inquiries. He clicked on it, deciding on the spur of the moment that he wanted to write Taylor, though he had no idea what he should say to her.
Do I really want to do this? Vaughn asked himself, drumming his fingers on the desk. He'd seen Taylor, and they'd made their peace and parted on friendly terms. Should he risk that by making contact again and possibly coming across as some sort of stalker? Or a first class weirdo who couldn't let go of the past?
Vaughn weighed this as his thoughts were interrupted by the phone ringing. He rolled the chair over and answered it. It was his assistant. In this case, her timing was perfect, giving him a chance to keep things in their proper perspective where it concerned Taylor.
Five minutes later, Vaughn was again staring at Taylor's e-mail address, still believing that this was another opportunity for him to reach out to her and see if she took the bait. His instincts rarely failed him. He'd had a feeling that Taylor would come to the Forever Sweethearts program because, even after years apart, there was still something there between them. And it couldn't be erased with time, distance, or different lives.
His intuition had been right about that, so why not a second time?
They couldn't have been meant to meet again only to lose touch completely. Surely Taylor must have felt the same way on some level. If she still felt anything for him, Vaughn believed she would find it in herself to keep this renewed contact alive.
Then anything might be possible.
On the subject line, Vaughn typed: Hello From An Old Friend.
He typed the message and reread it, wondering if Taylor would respond and, if so, what she would say to him.
For about a second he considered abandoning this idea. But then he thought otherwise. I didn't get where I am today without taking chances, he thought. And this green-eyed, gorgeous lady from his past was definitely worth the risk of having the proverbial door slammed in his face.
He clicked on the word "Send."

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

"Often people will say to me, things are different today in terms of safety, equality, and respect for all people..." Taylor said to her class of thirty-five students, all but two female. "Unfortunately, for many females, it is different today," she said bleakly. "More women than ever are being subjected to various forms of physical, mental, and sexual victimization and intimidation. Women are no longer safer in their own homes than on the streets, if they ever were. For every stranger rapist, there is an acquaintance rapist who has betrayed the victim's trust. While some women are being accosted on the street by muggers, drug addicts, and the like, just as many other women are being abused and battered by their husbands and boyfriends...or have been by their fathers or stepfathers—"
Taylor paused to take a sip of water that had now turned warm. Similarly, she felt a bit warm in her mulberry tweed suit and dusty pink silk blouse. This, in spite of the fact that she had practically been freezing in the room half an hour ago. She wondered if it was hormones. Or maybe it was the aftereffects of her life that seemed anything but settled these days.
She cleared her throat and took a couple of steps in low-heeled black pumps.
"And that's not all," Taylor told the students. "Too often women are being stalked, exploited, turned out on the streets as prostitutes and junkies, and homeless before they even realize it, and are often left abandoned and alone."
This was one of Taylor's favorite classes to teach: The Victimization of Women in the New Millennium, though the subject matter was difficult. She watched as one student in particular—a pretty blonde girl named Monica Emerson—was staring at her from the front row, as though she could relate to every word. She tried to picture Monica as a victim of one thing or another.
She turned her eyes away from Monica and walked across the front of the room. Facing the class, Taylor continued: "What used to be considered acceptable behavior and communication between the sexes in the workplace is now seen as sexual harassment that is not to be tolerated. However, it continues to happen in virtually every office or work space across this country and, in many instances, in classrooms just like this one—"
That caused a spatter of murmurs, moans, and even a sarcastic chuckle or two, as all eyes seemed to land on the male students with the venom of a lynch mob. Not exactly what Taylor had intended.
By the time class was over, cooler heads had prevailed and the male students were spared any further ribbing.
Taylor put on her coat and left the building, as students spilled out around her like children who had been kept inside too long and were dying to go out and play. She walked across campus to her office. Her fingers were wrapped tightly around the handle of a leather briefcase while the strap of Taylor's purse clung to her shoulder.
What had begun as an overcast Midwestern day, had turned into a beautiful, sunny fall afternoon with temperatures only slightly below normal, but chilly nevertheless. Orange and red leaves were scattered across the grass and sidewalk like snow, leaving most trees barren.
Taylor's third floor office was squeezed between two other offices and crowded with a file cabinet, bookshelf, metal desk, and computer table. The dull beige carpeting showed signs of wear and tear, and the lone window looked out onto the back of the building where the dumpsters sat below, overflowing with trash.
Taylor stared out the window for a moment or two of contemplation, before removing her coat and hanging it on a wooden coat rack. She went over to the computer and turned it on to check her e-mail.
While she waited for the computer to boot up, Taylor pondered the situation with her and Paul. She was worried that their sex life, or lack of, was a symptom of deeper problems within their marriage. She wasn't sure what to do about it, given Paul's lack of enthusiasm about seeking counseling, or even medical attention for that matter, as if to say that it wasn't a problem with him but with them.
Taylor agreed with that assessment to a certain extent, but suspected that Paul was in denial about whatever might have been happening to him, in particular.
Maybe I'm in denial, too, she thought, somehow hoping that the answers would come to the surface.
Taylor clicked on her e-mail and routinely deleted some obvious solicitations and junk mail. She opened an e-mail from Audra. It read:
* * *
Hey, Mom!
I'm taking a break from reading Christopher Marlowe's "Doctor Faustus." I'm much more at home with Shakespeare's works, but who's complaining. I'm certainly not. Loving every minute here at Oxford.
What are you and Dad up to? I have to ask you about him since he never tells me himself. His e-mails are usually no more than ten words long, as if anything longer would kill him. HA!
You never did tell me how things went in New York. Did you have fun?
Gotta run. Jessie's on his way over and I'm a mess.
See you guys for Christmas—it'll be here before you know it!
Love,
Audra
* * *
And Thanksgiving will be here even sooner, Taylor thought. She resisted the urge to ask Audra to come home in the e-mail, deciding it was better to talk to her about it on the phone. She could tell her then as much as was necessary about her trip to New York.
Taylor clicked on an e-mail from a woman named Jeanne Kern, whom she'd met several years ago at a Race For The Cure event in Lansing. At fifty-four, Jeanne had survived a double mastectomy and two husbands. She was currently living in Juneau, Alaska with a man she'd met on the Internet.
After writing her back, Taylor looked at the subject line of the last e-mail, which read simply: Hello From An Old Friend...
She looked at the e-mail address of the sender.
It was from Vaughn Mitchell.
Taylor's heart did a little leap and check.
How did he get her e-mail address? She quickly answered her own question, realizing that it wouldn't have been all that difficult for anyone with reasonable intelligence who happened to know her name and where she worked.
It's not like my school-based web page isn't out there for all to see, Taylor mused.
Including old boyfriends.
She hesitated before opening the e-mail, as though the computer had locked up. But, actually, it was she who felt immobilized. Taylor wasn't sure she wanted to read Vaughn's message, whatever it might be.
In doing so, I would be acknowledging it, she thought. Acknowledging him.
Taylor wasn't sure she wanted to go down that road. Hadn't they agreed to say their goodbyes in the Big Apple?
Taylor knew it would be easy to just delete the message without reading it. Which, in and of itself, would be a response. Then, presumably, that would be the end of it—just as it had ended twenty-five years ago. Right, if only it were that simple, she thought.
Even when she tried to fight it, Taylor knew she was being drawn to Vaughn Mitchell and his charm all over again, and could no more make his message disappear from the screen than she could the feeling she had the first time he kissed her.
She tried to steady her shaking fingers as she clicked on the e-mail...
* * *
Dear Taylor:
If you're reading this, I'm sure I've caught you by surprise—again...
Maybe I'm surprising myself, too. But I've always gone with my gut feelings when doing things—even if those feelings sometimes get me into trouble.
I can almost see the sparkle in those lovely green eyes of yours as you read this. Or are they now tinted red with fury for sending you an e-mail that you probably could do without—coming from me?
After seeing you again recently after so many years, and liking what I saw (that's an understatement), I guess I just wanted to keep in touch. This seemed to be the easiest, safest way without intruding on your happy life. I got your e-mail address from the school website, in case you're wondering.
Can you imagine how fun it would have been if we'd had the Internet and e-mails back in the day? Then we could've communicated every hour of the day and night. At least in theory.
But that was then, and this is now.
If you're pissed that I don't seem to want to let well enough alone, then you'll probably tell me to get lost. (Or is that much too tame?) Or, worse, you'll hurt my feelings by not even bothering to respond after reading this.
On the other hand, if you feel even a little bit like I do—that after rediscovering each other twenty-five years later, there's no reason why we can't at the very least be friends for more than two days out of a lifetime (I seem to recall that we started off by saying we would never let anything come between our friendship), then you'll e-mail me back and we can take things one message at a time.
So, I guess the ball is in your court, Taylor. I'll wait to see if a reply comes my way.
Still high after seeing you again,
Vaughn
* * *
It took her two days to draw up the courage and willingness to e-mail Vaughn back. Taylor wasn't sure if she was doing the right thing in responding or doing the wrong thing by not responding. Either way, she knew deep down inside that she wanted to keep alive whatever it was they—or he—had started.
It was the whatever that bothered Taylor, for it left the possibilities too limitless—whereas she was firmly committed to maintaining limitations where it concerned Vaughn Mitchell.
Especially the second time around.
She typed her message:
* * *
Dear Vaughn:
Yes, I admit I was seeing red at receiving your e-mail, and very nearly didn't respond, at the risk of hurting your feelings (and sparing mine).
Although I did enjoy the experience of going on Forever Sweethearts, I have to be honest and say that now you're starting to scare me (at least a little). I'm not quite sure what you expect me to say in e-mails that we haven't already said in person.
Twenty-five years is a long time to try to pick up the pieces and start over. I'm no longer a starry-eyed twenty-year-old who thought she was in love. I'm a forty-six-year-old wife and mother, and not really looking for any major upheaval in my life.
Friends? Were we ever really friends, Vaughn? I seem to recall that we met, then became quite serious (or at least I did) without our friendship being given a chance to develop (not to mention the marriage and honeymoon, which we never had).
Maybe we could keep in touch for old times' sake, if you insist. However, I only think it's fair to warn you that I am happily married and definitely not looking for a nostalgic fling in middle age.
Can you accept that?
Taylor
* * *
The next day, Taylor had another e-mail message waiting for her from Vaughn. He had written it shortly after her note to him, based on the time the e-mail was sent.
Taylor sucked in a calming breath while her hand gripped the mouse tightly, as if it might somehow streak away from her. She was supposed to be shopping for tonight's dinner, which Paul had shockingly volunteered to cook, making her feel all the more like she was committing a mortal sin by taking a detour into the Twilight Zone. Or at least it felt like she was trapped in some sort of time warp where she was barely out of her teens all over again and the world was so full of hope and promise.
She clicked on Vaughn's message and began to read...
* * *
Hello again, Taylor:
Glad you e-mailed me back...even if you labored in doing so. That's a start anyway, isn't it?
Start to what? You're probably asking yourself. Hell if I know, to be honest. Could be just the start of a nice e-mail correspondence...sort of an extension of Forever Sweethearts. Or it could be like a second chance for us. Maybe a second chance to develop the friendship you say we never had the first time around.
Am I really scaring you? Probably not half as much as I'm scaring myself. Believe me, Taylor, when I tell you that I don't make a habit of looking up old girlfriends to try and reconnect with them and maintain contact. But then you were never just another girlfriend...and I think you know that deep down inside.
You're right, I probably don't have the right to expect anything from you at this conjecture, other than what you've already given me by allowing me back into your life, even on a small scale. Therefore, anything I get, I'll consider a bonus of sorts.
Yes, I can accept that you're happily married and not interested in a fling. This will probably surprise you, but neither am I. Flings are never what they're cracked up to be. I've had my fair share and don't see myself going down that road with you or anyone else ever again.
But I do want to know something, Taylor. Are you really, truly happily married as you've been trying to convince me ever since New York?
I'm probably overstepping my bounds here, but here goes. If you're so happy and secure in your marriage, then why did you get on a plane and fly seven hundred miles to reunite with a man you hadn't seen in twenty-five years?
I'm sure your husband was really thrilled about that! At least I assume you went there with his blessing and maybe your daughter's as well.
By the way, just for the record, you weren't the only one who got serious in the blink of an eye. Remember I'm the one who proposed after we'd only known each other for three months. I did it because I fell in love with you, not for some chivalrous reason or anything else. Unfortunately, I lost my damned nerve, if not my feelings for you. And, as they say, the rest is history.
And I've regretted it ever since.
Vaughn
* * *
This time Taylor found it impossible to keep from responding right away, though she hoped he wasn't waiting by the computer to receive it. Part of her was angry that he should presume to try and dissect her marriage the way one might a frog. Who the hell was he to psychoanalyze her appearance on a reality television series as indicative of a failed or failing marriage?
Worse, Taylor thought, was that Vaughn was right. Her marriage was not on the solid ground that she pretended it was. She and Paul were still on speaking terms, but almost overnight they seemed to have become more like friends than lovers. They were two people going around in circles, even while drifting apart like ships in the night. Vaughn had picked up on this and almost seemed to dare her to suggest otherwise.
Taylor couldn't deny there were serious problems that existed beneath the surface of her marriage like layers of old wallpaper. But she certainly wasn't ready to confront them with an old boyfriend whom she had once been in love with.
She considered what she might say to Vaughn before typing a response...
* * *
Dear Vaughn:
Don't bother looking for something that simply isn't there, at least certainly not in the way you might think.
For your information, I went to New York City with my husband's complete blessing. He had no reason, and I gave him no reason, to believe that it was anything other than a staged and very public reunion of college sweethearts. He thought it would be good for me to get away for a couple of days to "show off" myself twenty-five years later. In fact, Paul would have come himself had he not been out of town on business. And the same is true of my daughter, were she not at school in England.
So enough about me.
Why did your marriage fail, Vaughn? How long have you been divorced?
Just out of curiosity, are you involved with anyone now?
Or are you in between relationships and bored, so you have nothing better to do than use work time to exchange e-mails with someone who should have been out of your system long ago?
Taylor

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Spring Term 1978
Michigan State University

One month after Vaughn proposed, he gave Taylor an engagement ring. Vaughn had sheepishly promised to replace the tiny diamond in the ring with a larger one someday. In her heart of hearts, Taylor knew she would never exchange the ring for anything. To her, it was a ring that officially signified love and a union that would hopefully last a lifetime.
She had never allowed herself to think otherwise, even as things between her and Vaughn were starting to unravel like a spool of thread. They both seemed to be spending more time with their separate friends than together. When they were together, it was usually for sex, running, dancing, and partying, rather than intellectual pursuits or professing their love for each other.
Making definitive plans for their future always seemed to be something better left for another day—at least as far as Vaughn was concerned. Taylor accepted it as something all guys went through in the transitional stage between bachelorhood and being a married man. She was sure Vaughn would come around, and she intended to be there when he did.
She had first seen Rosemary Delfino at a campus party Taylor and Vaughn attended one April night. Right away, Rosemary struck Taylor as the type of girl that other girls loved to hate. She had an hourglass figure, loads of dark hair, and big brown eyes. Most of the male students drooled over her. And Vaughn was no exception.
Like an actress born for the part, Rosemary relished the attention. She also seemed to be particularly smitten with Vaughn and he did little to discourage it, much to Taylor's chagrin.
When she complained, he accused her of being childish and insecure. That wasn't the way Taylor saw it. She just wanted to hold onto the man she loved; fearful she might be losing him to another girl.
Rosemary Delfino appeared to feed off this tension between them for her own purposes, practically throwing herself at Vaughn.
And he fell for it.
When Vaughn kissed Rosemary and their mouths were seemingly locked forever, Taylor lost it. Suddenly feeling lightheaded and unable to breathe, Taylor ran outside to get some fresh air, as her long hair swayed from side to side haphazardly. Her heart ached like never before. It was as if Vaughn had plunged a dagger deep inside her heart and kept twisting it left and right.
How could he do this to me? Taylor thought, weeping openly, ignoring the spectacle she was making of herself. Why would he want her when he had me?
Taylor recalled that Vaughn had assured her there would never be another woman for him. Those words now seemed hollow.
Even their engagement appeared to be in great jeopardy. How could she marry a guy who would act like that with another woman right in front of her, as if he didn't give a damn how much it hurt?
Minutes that seemed like hours passed before Vaughn came out looking for her. He appeared confused, standing there in a brown print disco shirt and corduroy pants. His hair was pulled back in a small ponytail.
"Why'd you leave?" Vaughn asked as if he hadn't a clue.
Taylor glared at him as tears continued to stream down her face. "Why did you have to kiss her?" she asked, wiping her nose with the back of her hand.
He shrugged. "I don't know. It was no big deal," he said. "I just got a little crazy in there, that's all."
"You humiliated me, Vaughn Mitchell!" The ire in Taylor's normally controlled voice rang like a fire alarm.
Vaughn reached out to her, but she backed away as if he had suddenly become a demon. "I had too much to drink," he explained, knowing it fell short of an adequate excuse. "She doesn't mean anything to me!"
Taylor's eyes grew large with rancor. "Is that what you call what you did? What she wanted you to do? You were kissing her like she was your girlfriend and the one you're going to marry!"
He ran his hand across his face as if searching for something. "Why are you acting like a jealous wife?"
She bit into her tongue. "Why are you acting like an unfaithful husband?"
Vaughn grimaced. "Why the hell are we out here arguing, when we should be in there having a good time?"
Taylor could smell the beer on his breath. She was seeing a side to both of them that she didn't like very much, but felt powerless to do anything about right now.
"I want you to take me back to the dorm," she demanded.
"This is ridiculous," Vaughn said, throwing his hands up in the air.
Taylor stood her ground, even while she was beginning to wonder if she'd made too much out of it. A kiss isn't exactly the same as getting in Rosemary's pants, she thought. But that might have been the next step in her seduction. "You're the one being ridiculous," she insisted.
Vaughn leveled a venomous gaze at her that Taylor had never seen before. "I don't need this crap!"
"Neither do I," Taylor said stubbornly.
What followed came as a complete surprise to Taylor. Vaughn told her hesitantly: "Look, I think we might have rushed into this relationship."
She met his eyes as fear crept over her like a dark cloud. "What are you saying?"
He sighed. "I think we both need some space...to sort things out—"
Taylor's heart lurched. Is he breaking up with me? Stabbing me in the back with the sharpest knife he can find?
"What things do we need to sort out?" she asked. Deep down inside she knew the answer.
"Us," Vaughn said and looked away, as if unable to muster the courage to face her.
There was panic in Taylor's voice as she said: "How much space do you need, Vaughn? It seems like all we've been doing lately is giving each other space."
Vaughn finally made eye contact again, and paused, knowing what he was about to say would alter the course of their relationship forever. He wished he could look ahead, but he could only think about the present and what he thought was in both their best interests.
"This isn't going to work, Taylor," he muttered tonelessly. "I thought I was ready, but I'm just not prepared to settle down yet. There are too many things I want to pursue..."
"You mean like Rosemary Delfino?" Taylor spat as a fresh wave of tears burned her cheeks. This can't be happening, she thought with anguish, as her plans for a future with him suddenly seemed to be going up in smoke.
Vaughn evaded the question and said brusquely: "I think we should call off the engagement. We're both way too young to think about getting married."
"But we're three months older than when you proposed!" Taylor said, suddenly teetering on legs that had become rubbery.
"I know." He kicked at invisible dirt, cursing to himself for putting them in this awkward situation. "It was a mistake proposing," he said. "I just got carried away with everything." Vaughn chuckled half-heartedly and tried to say something to lessen the blow. "We would've probably just ended up in divorce court and hating each other—"
Taylor wondered if she could actually hate him any more than she did at this exact moment. Her head was suddenly spinning and she felt like she could collapse at any second. Could she count on Vaughn to catch her? Would she even want him to?
Vaughn was too caught up in his own thoughts and reservations to notice Taylor's dizziness. But to Taylor, his body language betrayed his feelings loud and clear, even if he remained mute. He wanted out of their relationship and away from her. Apparently she had no say in the matter, other than to accept the fact that she was no longer engaged to or even involved with the guy who had taken her virginity.
And now her heart was broken into at least a million pieces.
The enormity of the moment had become inescapable.
She ran all the way home.
Alone.
Vaughn watched her go. He wanted to run after her, tell her he'd made a mistake, and that he wanted them to keep dating and see what happened. But, as if his feet were stuck in quicksand, he couldn't move. A shiver ran down Vaughn's spine as he watched Taylor walk out of his life. He was afraid this might be something he would live to regret.
* * *
The next day, Taylor returned Vaughn's engagement ring. He wasn't home, so she left the ring on his desk in an envelope along with a short but telling note that read:
* * *
Here's your ring back, Vaughn. You obviously don't want me to have it. Give it to Rosemary Delfino—or whoever you decide you want to marry someday.
I'll just have to find a way to get on with my life without you in it. And I will.
Taylor
* * *
Even then, part of Taylor had been hoping it was all just a bad nightmare and things between them would be the same as before—minus Rosemary Delfino.
But they wouldn't be.
Instinctively, Taylor knew that whatever had existed between her and Vaughn had been altered forever. There was nothing she could do about it and clearly nothing he was willing to do to keep them as sweethearts en route to marital bliss.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

November 2003
East Lansing, Michigan

They were watching a video of the movie "Time After Time," starring Malcolm McDowell and David Warner. It was a time travel thriller about Victorian era serial killer Jack the Ripper escaping London via H. G. Wells' time machine and ending up in 1979 in San Francisco, where he picks up where he left off targeting prostitutes to kill. Paul, who had considered himself somewhat of a Ripperologist, had suggested they rent the video and then discuss it afterward. Though Taylor would have preferred a nice romantic comedy to watch and discuss, she had gone along with his plan in the hope that it would lead to greater communication in other areas.
They sat on the couch in their living room, sharing a bowl of popcorn as the movie played on the TV screen. Taylor turned occasionally to her husband to be certain he was still there, as he was totally absorbed in the movie. Her mind wandered to thoughts that had nothing to do with Jack the Ripper or any modern day serial killer.
More than a week had passed since she'd e-mailed Vaughn. She had deliberately avoided checking her e-mail, not wanting to appear too overeager in exchanging e-mails with her ex-lover. Indeed, Taylor wondered if she needed to do a reality check for embarking on a course that could only further complicate her life.
It took me a while to get Vaughn Mitchell out of my system the first time around, she thought. Do I really want to encourage his interest...and risk getting hurt all over again?
Taylor glanced at Paul. He didn't look back, as if his head was locked into place. She had once said that she would never keep anything from him that occurred during their marriage. I've never been a very good liar, she thought.
Taylor's mother used to tell her that when she told a fib her ears stuck out like a bunny's. She wondered if that was still true today.
She looked at Paul's profile again, watching as his jaws moved symmetrically while he chewed popcorn as if his life depended on it. Was the movie really that engrossing? Or was it a convenient excuse for him to focus on anything but her—them?
Maybe I'm blowing things out of proportion, she told herself, grabbing a handful of popcorn. Did that mean he didn't love her or that their marriage was headed for divorce just because he was actually watching the movie when she could barely get into it?
Was their marriage really any different from others who had been together for so long that they found it hard to differentiate between what they wanted and just what was?
Once again, Taylor tried her best to concentrate on the movie. And, once more, her thoughts turned to Vaughn Mitchell, as though drawn to him by a powerful magnet.
She was curious about his marriage. Did his wife leave him or was it the other way around? What did his wife look like?
The only image that entered her mind was that of Rosemary Delfino and Vaughn kissing that night a long time ago, as if it was embedded in her memory forever.
Was he seeing someone else now? Taylor wondered. She tried to imagine how he had explained his need to communicate with her again to the current lady in his life. Maybe he had gotten better at it over the years.
Taylor thought about Vaughn's daughter. Did she have his features? His character traits?
Do I really care? Taylor chided herself. She was embarrassed and feeling a bit guilty about contemplating the particulars of Vaughn's offspring. What possible difference could any of it make to her life today? Or the life and child they could have had?
I wouldn't give up Audra for anything in the world, Taylor told herself. She looked at Paul and knew that, at the very least, she had him to thank for his role in giving her a beautiful, healthy, and bright daughter.
Still, she couldn't help but think that children she had with Vaughn would have also been blessed with the same attributes.
With some effort, Taylor finally managed to focus on the rest of the movie.
* * *
While they got ready for bed, Paul talked about the field trip he was taking his class on the next day.
"The morgue is not exactly where you want to take your girlfriend on a hot date," Paul was saying with a half grin as he removed his trousers. "But it's a damned good place to start if you think you want to go into law enforcement. Many of these kids think it's cool or hip to wear a uniform or carry a gun. Then they see firsthand what guns can do to both the good and bad guys, and suddenly half of them decide maybe they should major in history or humanities instead." He chuckled humorlessly.
Taylor watched as he unbuttoned his shirt while she slipped into her gown. It seemed like she had heard it all before. Yet she had never gotten the feeling that Paul enjoyed exercising such power and judgment over his students.
Until now.
For some reason, it made Taylor uncomfortable. She imagined Audra and some tenured professor using scare tactics to try to dissuade her from a chosen major. Was this any different?
"Paul, do you really think you're helping students by subjecting them to shock therapy?" Taylor asked. As far as she was concerned, taking eighteen- and nineteen-year-olds to see people who had been shot to death definitely qualified as shock therapy.
Paul put on his pajamas and shrugged. "I'm only trying to teach them what I think they need to know if they're serious about making a career in criminal justice." He got into bed. "Believe me," he said, "if they have what it takes to make it, they're going to see a hell of a lot worse over their professional lifetimes."
As if that justifies an outing that could give some kids nightmares for years to come, she thought, stepping into slippers. And it might even make them more hardened as law enforcement officers so they stopped caring that victims of guns and bullets were also human beings.
"Would you take Audra to the morgue if she were in your class?" Taylor challenged him.
Paul frowned. "What the hell does that have to do with this?"
"Is that a yes or a no?" she asked.
"It's a no," he snapped. "Audra is way too smart to ever want to go into law enforcement. At least she'd better be for the money we're spending to send her to Oxford."
Taylor fluttered her lashes. "I don't remember Audra going there with any restrictions on what she could major in."
"Look, Audra's a big girl and can choose anything in the world as her profession," Paul muttered. "So why the hell would she limit her choice to something that might not allow her to reach her full potential?"
"That's beside the point, and you know it," she argued, feeling she had won this battle. "I'm going to wash my face."
She went into the bathroom, actually glad to have a little time alone.
Taylor studied the soft creases around her eyes and above her upper lip. She knew they would be much worse had she not taken care of herself over the years, including wearing sunscreen regularly. But she didn't confuse that with pretending she was still twenty—her daughter's age.
Taylor wondered if Vaughn really thought she was still beautiful. Was it possible that he didn't see a forty-six-year-old woman with faults and instead saw an attractive lady who had aged quite gracefully.
Suddenly Taylor imagined that he was there touching her breasts, nipples...between her legs... She became aroused, which surprised her. Or maybe it isn't so surprising, she thought. After all, she was drawing on real memories of Vaughn when he had that type of erotic and intimate effect on her once upon a time.
Then he was gone, and Taylor saw herself standing alone in front of the mirror. She immediately felt a little ashamed that she'd had sexual thoughts about Vaughn.
"What has come over me?" she whispered to the image in the mirror, then feared the whole world could hear her—or at least Paul. Had she allowed being reunited with Vaughn to cloud her judgment so that it blurred reality with a past life she could never go back to?
Taylor gritted her teeth, determined to put a stop to it. When she returned to the bedroom, Paul had switched off the lamp on his night table and was lying on his side facing the wall, apparently asleep. She turned off her lamp and got into bed, lying on her side with her back to Paul.
This time there would be no weak attempt at sex. They both stayed that way through the night.
* * *
The following morning, Taylor called Audra. As usual, her daughter sounded like she was half asleep. Either that or she was preoccupied with something—or someone—else.
"Am I catching you at a bad time?" Taylor asked.
"Not at all," Audra insisted. "I was just chilling out."
"I see." Taylor started off with small talk before getting to the point. "So, how would you like to come home for Thanksgiving instead of Christmas?"
"You mean this year...?"
"Of course I mean this year," Taylor said. "Your grandparents are coming for Thanksgiving and we thought it might be nice if the whole family were together." At least Paul did, she thought. In truth, Taylor felt that it was probably a good idea as well. As it was, Audra hardly ever got to see her only living grandparents.
"I know you probably have classes and it's close to final exams—" Taylor acknowledged. "But we were hoping you might be able to skip class for a day or two without jeopardizing your studies..."
"It's not my studies I'm worried about," snorted Audra. "I have a life, you know, Mom. I can't just hop on a plane and come to Michigan anytime you guys want me to."
Taylor sighed. "In other words, you're going to be busy with your social life," Taylor said, reading between the lines.
"Yeah, something like that," Audra said.
"Try to see things our way, honey," Taylor implored gingerly. "We're certainly not trying to curtail your social activities at Oxford. Quite the contrary, we want you to have fun there...and enjoy dating Jessie or anyone else you choose to spend your time with. But your grandparents are starting to get up there in years. We don't know how many Thanksgivings they have left in them."
"Right, play the guilt card," Audra moaned. "They'll probably both live to be one hundred."
Taylor could not argue the point and thought: I should have insisted that Paul try to reason with his daughter about coming to see his parents instead of doing the dirty work for him.
She tried another approach. "Look, I know it's fairly short notice, but you wouldn't have to stay very long, Audra. We could even exchange Christmas gifts then...pretend it was Christmas—"
Audra gave an exaggerated sigh. "I really don't want to come home while school is still in session," she said stubbornly. "Christmas would be so much better. Can't I just call and talk to Gramps and Grandma? It's not like they have very much to say to me that they couldn't say over the phone."
Taylor could see that this was going to be even tougher than she'd thought. She needed to sweeten the pot. "What if you bring Jessie with you?"
"Are you serious?" Audra asked, as if the thought had never occurred to her.
"Of course," Taylor said, sensing that Audra's position was softening. "We'd all love to meet him. In fact, I almost feel like we've already met." She had talked to him on the phone a couple of times and he seemed like a really nice young man. "We have more than enough room here, especially since your grandparents always insist on staying at a hotel when they visit."
The implication was that Jessie would have to sleep in a separate room—indeed, Paul would insist upon it—but Taylor didn't want to dwell on that right now. The first step was to get Audra to agree to come home.
Audra was definitely tempted by the offer. "Maybe I—we—will come for Thanksgiving," she said hesitantly.
"Oh, that's wonderful, Audra," Taylor said as if it were a done deal. "I'll tell your father," she added, before Audra could change her mind. "We'll have fun—you'll see."
"Yeah, I know," Audra said with a catch to her voice.
"I love you, sweetheart," Taylor said. She was sure that it would be a positive experience for everyone.

CHAPTER NINETEEN

Taylor attended a faculty meeting before teaching her class. After class, she was gathering up some papers when Monica Emerson made her way to the front of the room. The twenty-year-old junior was easily the prettiest girl in the class. She was tall and thin with long straight blonde hair and blue eyes. A backpack rested precariously on one shoulder. She seemed nervous, but had a slight smile on her face.
Taylor smiled at the girl. She recognized Monica's perfume, which was the same type she wore sometimes.
"Hi, Monica," she said. "Is there something you want to talk to me about?"
Monica hesitated while staring at Taylor, then broke into a toothy smile. "I just wanted to tell you, Professor Holland, that I really like your course. I'm learning so much from you."
Taylor blushed. She wasn't used to students showing their appreciation. Most seemed to take it for granted that professors were good teachers, as if they were all equal in their capabilities. She sensed Monica's interest went much deeper.
"I'm happy to hear that," she told her. "Sometimes I can never really be sure if I'm reaching my students." Taylor chuckled and added: "Of course, grades on exams and term papers usually provide some indication as to the level of interest and learning."
Monica laughed. Since she was carrying a 4.0 in class, she had every reason to be confident that Taylor accepted her words as genuine. She shifted her backpack to the other shoulder and coyly glanced at her watch. "It's just about noon," she said. "I was wondering if I could buy you lunch, Professor Holland."
Taylor cocked a brow in surprise. She couldn't recall a student ever offering to buy her lunch. Many of the students at MSU came from working class families and often existed on shoestring budgets, McDonald's, microwaves, and bad dorm food. Treating others to meals was usually reserved for oversexed male students looking to score with impressionable young female students, or those with some other hidden agenda.
Apparently, Monica had more money than the average student did, Taylor thought. And it was obvious that Monica really wanted to talk to her about something. But what?
Taylor closed her briefcase and said: "I have a better idea. Why don't I buy you lunch?"
"Okay," Monica said.
They walked the short distance to the Owen Graduate Center cafeteria. Taylor settled for a corned beef on rye sandwich and Monica opted for a roast beef sandwich and fries.
"You have pretty eyes," gushed Monica.
"Thank you." Taylor had been told this more than a few times over the years and never really felt comfortable responding. Yet she had come to accept her eyes for what they were, and actually realized what a blessing they'd turned out to be.
"So, have you always wanted to teach?" Monica asked, sipping her soft drink.
"Yes, I suppose I have," Taylor responded thoughtfully.
"I used to want to teach," Monica said dreamily, "but decided being a psychologist would be so much more rewarding."
Taylor couldn't tell if that was a put down on teachers or a plug for psychologists. She wondered what else Monica had on her mind.
Monica seemed to sense her uncertainty and said: "My dad was a psychologist. He loved his work and always told me stories about his patients, and how he helped them deal with their problems."
"Sounds like your father was a credit to his profession," Taylor said.
"He still is," Monica said proudly. "He's retired now, but still regularly advises other psychologists."
They ate in silence for a few moments until Taylor noticed that Monica was staring at her. She suddenly felt self-conscious, as if her clothing was too outlandish or out of style from the perspective of a person young enough to be her daughter.
Monica, realizing that she had gotten caught staring, quickly looked down at her food.
What is it? Why are we here? Taylor wanted to ask. Instead, she said: "What about your mother, Monica? Is she also retired?"
Monica stopped eating and looked like she was about to throw up. "My mother's dead."
"Oh, I'm sorry," Taylor told her.
"She was raped and murdered when I was eight—"
Taylor's heart lurched. She thought back to the day when she learned that her father, and later, her mother, had passed away. Even though she knew her mother had cancer and was dying, the shock of finding out she was actually dead was gut wrenching. Taylor couldn't imagine how she would have dealt with it had her mother or daughter suffered such a horrible fate as Monica indicated. It was something no one should ever have to face in the ideal world.
"I'm so sorry," Taylor said in a hollow voice. That must be why she enrolled in my class, Taylor mused. It offered Monica an alternative way, beyond her psychologist father, to come to terms with her mother's violent death.
Monica put on a brave face. "I try not to think about it too much," she said. "It's better that way. My mom's somewhere where nobody can ever hurt her again—"
They say that peace can only truly be found in dying, Taylor thought pensively. If that were true, then neither of their mothers would suffer in death the terrible fates that had been dealt them in life.
Monica dabbed a napkin to her glossed lips and abruptly changed the subject. "So, how long have you been married, Professor Holland?"
The question caught Taylor off guard. She had not talked about her personal life in class, seeing no real reason to...other than a few tidbits about herself. Not that she had tried to keep her marriage a secret, especially since Paul also taught at the school.
Looking down at her left hand, Taylor realized foolishly that her wedding ring gave her away. For some reason, it made her think of the engagement ring Vaughn had given her so many years ago and how much it had meant to her. That was, till he broke her heart. She wondered if he'd given the same ring to his ex-wife.
"Almost twenty years," Taylor told her.
Monica seemed to ponder that, as though adding up the years in her head. Then her eyes met Taylor's, and she said in a voice brimming with speculation: "Your husband wouldn't happen to be the Professor Holland of the criminology department, would he?"
The Professor Holland? A tiny smile played on the corners of Taylor's mouth. She hadn't realized that Paul's fame and stature had preceded him. On the other hand, she knew that with his high profile expertise at criminology conferences and in local interviews regarding crime, Paul had developed a certain stature amongst the public and on campus. Especially with starry-eyed, easily impressionable students, Taylor imagined.
"As a matter of fact, he is," she said, feeling almost as if her own professorship was way down on the ladder of prestige. "Are you psychic, Monica, or was that just a lucky guess?"
Monica batted her lashes and smiled. "I'm taking his class on the subculture of violence this semester," she explained. "I guess I just figured that if two professors who had the same last name actually taught similar classes here, there was a good chance they were related." She favored Taylor with widened, knowing eyes. "Since you two don't look like brother and sister—"
"We must be husband and wife," Taylor finished with a chuckle. Oddly enough, she found it was more coincidence than by design that they happened to teach courses at the same time that focused on violence in society. Her classes usually addressed other non-criminological issues related to women.
That she and Paul happened to be of the same name said nothing about their professional relationship. By and large, they operated almost independently on campus, as though strangers. This was due mostly to working on different days, at different hours, and at different locations on campus.
But Taylor knew it was more than that. Paul liked his space—his freedom—when he was Professor Holland. It had something to do with his life before they met. He was well respected for his work and his devotion to his students. He said he didn't want to compromise what he'd built independent of her and their marriage by appearing to be too involved in what he called, domestic educating. Rather than make an issue out of it, Taylor had reluctantly acquiesced to their "separate, but equal" status on campus.
There were exceptions, of course, such as when they happened to bump into each other, sometimes literally. Even then, Paul always looked like he wanted to run and hide. They also attended some campus banquets and other ceremonies together, usually at Paul's request when he decided it was in his best interest to show up with his wife.
"Do you and Professor Holland have any kids?" Monica asked casually, before biting into her sandwich.
For some reason, Taylor had the feeling she already knew the answer. "We have a daughter named Audra."
"That's nice," Monica said, grinning. "Is she going to teach, too?"
Taylor smiled. It was a distinct possibility, she thought, but said: "No, I think her interests lie elsewhere." Starting with a certain Brit named Jessie.
After lunch, Taylor and Monica walked together before parting at an intersection of sidewalks, grass, and bicycle paths. An interesting young woman, Taylor thought, watching her saunter away with pep to her step. She still wasn't quite sure why Monica had wanted to have lunch with her. Maybe she was looking for a mother figure. Or maybe she just wanted to satisfy her curiosity about Taylor's relationship to the "other" Professor Holland.
Taylor decided it wasn't worth speculating. Who could figure out students these days? Even one who was as capricious and smart as Monica Emerson.
* * *
Taylor mentioned her lunch with Monica to Paul during dinner that night.
"Monica who?" Above his glasses, the lines furrowing Paul's brow zigzagged disinterestedly.
"Monica Emerson." She didn't think the name was that hard to grasp. "Pretty, long blonde hair, tall and slender—" Taylor felt as if she were describing a femme fatale for the police. "Monica's one of my students. Turns out she's also one of yours." He still looked lost. "I believe she's taking your course on the subculture of violence."
Paul held up a piece of crumpled lettuce as if to signify his recognition. "Oh, right! Monica Emerson—the young woman who sometimes exhibits an attitude. She is in that class." He seemed to drift off for a moment, as if he had been transported to a distant planet. "How in the world did you figure that out?"
"She told me," Taylor said succinctly, which seemed to surprise him. She hadn't picked up the attitude, per se, in Monica.
He nodded thoughtfully. "You said you had lunch with her?"
"Yes, it was her suggestion." Taylor almost felt as if she somehow needed to defend the luncheon. "Not sure why, but it was anything but dull."
"I'm not surprised," he said, scooping up some brown rice. "Most students have more to offer than they let on at face value."
Taylor couldn't disagree. "Monica's obviously a bright girl, if not troubled."
Paul kept eating and, after a moment or two, said: "What student doesn't have some issues, including the pretty ones?"
"Yes, she is pretty," Taylor agreed, slicing into a piece of steak. It didn't surprise her that he had noticed. It would have surprised her if he hadn't. "Did Monica tell you that her mother was raped and murdered?" She was curious, and hoped she hadn't betrayed some unspoken trust between them.
He seemed to think about it. "No, she didn't. But my class is in an auditorium with at least fifty students on a good day, which doesn't exactly lend itself to too many one on one discussions. Besides, I doubt she would have chosen me to discuss that type of personal matter."
Perhaps not, Taylor allowed. But he was still able to identify her as a pretty girl, she thought, indicating that Paul was able to separate Monica Emerson in his mind from the forty-nine or so other students in his class. Taylor drew no inferences from this, recognizing that Monica did tend to stand out. She also conceded that they each had their own way of identifying students in and out of class. It didn't mean they had or took the time to get to know each student individually, much less their life history.
Yet, for some reason of which she was unsure, Taylor could not simply let the subject die.
"I just thought Monica might have mentioned it sometime during class, given the discussion on a violent subculture," she suggested, putting a glass of wine to her lips.
"Well, she didn't. Sorry." Paul's voice was concise yet nonchalant, as if he was able to look at the entire situation from a distance.
It was something Taylor wished she could do, except that there seemed to be some symmetry to Monica's experience and their classes.
"Anyway, I find it interesting that Monica happens to be taking both of our courses the same semester," Taylor said. "I wonder if it's because of the tragedy she experienced."
Paul grabbed a wheat roll from the plate and said coldly: "When you think about it, we are all victims of one thing or another. The real difference is how we relate to it." He took a bite of the roll. "I hope Monica Emerson can achieve some real benefit from our collective knowledge—"
Taylor believed that Monica already had. Now she wondered how such knowledge could benefit the life they had with each other.

CHAPTER TWENTY

Spring Term 1978
Michigan State University

Two weeks after their relationship ended, Taylor ran into Vaughn in the lobby of her dormitory. There had been no contact between them since the night of the party, as if neither had anything to say to the other. Strangely, she had not purposely been avoiding him, though she had no real wish to see Vaughn again either.
He had made his feelings perfectly clear. He was too busy playing the field to want to settle down with just one girl—even if she did happen to love him to death.
At this point, all Taylor had wanted was to find a way to get on with her life, difficult as that may be.
Is he just passing through my dorm? she wondered curiously as they stared at each other in the lobby, almost oblivious to everyone passing around them. Had Vaughn met someone else in the dorm that he was now dating? The thought triggered a wave of jealousy that quickly dissipated into a dull feeling of nonchalance.
Then another thought entered Taylor's head. Maybe he's come to his senses and is here to beg my forgiveness. Declare his undying love. Ask for a second chance.
"Hi," Vaughn said as casually as if she had been expecting him.
Though her throat went dry, Taylor managed to say: "Hi."
"You shouldn't have given back the ring," Vaughn said.
"Why on earth would I want to keep it?" Taylor's lashes fluttered defiantly at him. "You broke off our engagement." She couldn't imagine wearing a ring that no longer meant what it was intended to.
For a moment, it seemed as if he was about to backpedal, but then Vaughn did an about-face. "It was still yours to keep," he said softly. "I gave it to you, Taylor."
"I don't want it," she said sharply. "It's certainly not something I'd want to put in my trophy case."
Like two gladiators, they sized each other up, as if wondering what the next move would be. Taylor wished things had not come down to this. She really thought that what they had was special. Apparently, she had misjudged the strength of their relationship—or at least how Vaughn really felt about her.
For his part, Vaughn had mixed feelings about their breakup. He didn't want to lose Taylor's friendship, no matter what. He just didn't know how to keep it, given the intimacy they'd shared, and the apparent loathing she had for him now.
"I'll be graduating in two weeks," Vaughn said, as if it had just occurred to him.
Taylor didn't want to be reminded that he would probably be leaving the area and, with that, any chance that they might get back together.
"It's kind of scary, you know?" he said. "The job market is pretty tight right now. It seems like every other person has a degree in economics or poly sci and is applying for the same openings as I am."
Am I supposed to feel sorry for you? Taylor thought in disbelief. Does he think he can just dump me like yesterday's trash and expect me to be a sympathetic ear? I don't think so.
"So how's it been going for you?" Vaughn asked, seemingly stalling for time.
Do you really care? she thought doubtfully. How could you possibly care?
"I'm just trying to move on with my life," Taylor told him, as if saying it would be as easy as doing it. "Okay?" Her voice was hard, masking her pain.
Damn, Vaughn cursed to himself. This was much harder than he thought it would be. He had hurt her and there was little he could do to undo the damage. It really was too late to go back to where things had been between them. It was clear she was not about to let him off the hook.
He studied her carefully, and said reluctantly: "I understand."
Taylor ran a hand through her long hair and said: "I really have to go or I'll be late for class. Good luck with your graduation, job search...life—"
Vaughn wanted to say something, but he was tongue-tied. He didn't want things to end this way...with her hating him. Part of him wanted nothing more than to give Taylor a hug and tell her how he really felt about her. But it still wouldn't have changed things. This was the way it had to be. He hoped that one day she could forgive him.
The sound of his name broke Vaughn's train of thought. He turned to his right and saw Rosemary Delfino practically skipping toward them. After a quick look at Taylor, he knew that this had been a bad idea, though his intentions were good.
"Sorry, I'm late, Vaughn," Rosemary said in a sickly sweet voice, ignoring Taylor as if she didn't exist. Then, as if an afterthought, Rosemary gave a weak: "Hi."
Taylor did not respond, her mouth a straight line.
Rosemary looked at Vaughn, batting her big brown eyes at him coquettishly. "Are you ready to go?"
While he seemed to take a moment to decide whether or not he was, Taylor was forced to look at the girl who Vaughn had obviously chosen to take her place. Rosemary's makeup was overdone distastefully, though Taylor suspected Vaughn saw it from an entirely different point of view. She wore a headband, multicolored floral print mini dress, and platform shoes that added at least three inches to her height.
Vaughn thought about formally introducing the two, but decided against it. He looked at Rosemary uneasily and answered: "Yeah."
She flashed him a wide smile. Vaughn's blue eyes latched onto his now ex-girlfriend and, for an instant, he nearly broke down, torn between what he knew was the best thing to ever happen to him in Taylor Braxton and the fear that it would never be enough for either of them. He made his mouth open and said to her in a more pathetic voice than he'd intended: "I guess I'll see you around—"
Again, Taylor found herself unable to speak while their eyes locked for a long moment. She fought the urge to cry. Instead, she simply began to walk away within seconds, and could hear them walking in the opposite direction.
Unable to resist, Taylor turned to look at Vaughn and Rosemary. They were talking when all of a sudden Vaughn looked over his shoulder directly at Taylor. Their eyes met thoughtfully, perhaps for what they once had that had somehow managed to slither away, before she blinked back tears and turned away. When she looked back again, Vaughn was gone.
It would be twenty-five years before Taylor saw Vaughn Mitchell's handsome face again.

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

November 2003
Chicago, Illinois

It was an unusually warm day in early November in the Windy City. But Vaughn wasn't complaining as he went for his daily run along the lakefront walk on the shores of Lake Michigan. Wearing a Chicago Bulls jersey, mesh shorts, and running shoes, he easily maneuvered around other runners and walkers, enjoying the challenge of working his legs and heart. He had been running since college, and it seemed to be the one constant in his life.
As Vaughn continued to push himself, he wondered if Taylor was still a runner. She certainly looked like she was in great shape, so he wouldn't be surprised if she'd stuck with it through the years.
Why the hell am I thinking about Taylor and whether or not she still runs? Vaughn asked himself. What was really on his mind had more to do with her life than fitness. He was still trying to digest her e-mail from two weeks ago, which he had yet to reply to. Had he really been mistaken in his assessment that Taylor's marriage was not as solid as she'd let on? Was he trying to read between the lines to find something that simply wasn't there?
Making Vaughn even more unsettled was Taylor asking him about his own failed marriage and the realization that he had never succeeded in a relationship. Certainly not the type of success that was lasting. He didn't know if it was him or them. Or maybe, he mused, it was her. The truth was he had never quite gotten Taylor out of his system. Maybe he had subconsciously judged all other women by what she represented to him: beauty, brains, wit, chemistry, camaraderie, sex appeal...and even some things he couldn't put a finger on.
Taylor had equated his continued interest in keeping the lines of communication open between them as boredom or perhaps some misplaced sentimentality. But, in reality, what drove him was the sincere belief that things were left unfinished between them. He sensed that she felt the same way, even if she had little room in her life for him now.
All I can do is go with the flow, the voice said in Vaughn's head. And see which way the wind blows.
As if in tune with his thoughts, a gust of warm wind hit Vaughn in the face, bringing him back in tune with the world around him. He approached his house and could not wait to get his hands on a cold beer.
* * *
Vaughn lived in a newly renovated, two-story, five thousand square foot house with an attached garage. Situated amidst tall evergreens, the red brick Colonial had plenty of windows and a three-season porch. Inside were beamed ceilings, maple hardwood floors, arched doorways, and two marble fireplaces.
He had lived there for over a year now having been attracted to the location, view, privacy, and symbol of success. He hoped the five-bedroom house was a place his daughter could always call home if she ever needed to. More importantly, he had hoped it might one day be a house that he could share with someone special for keeps.
But that dream often seemed to be nothing more than a pipedream, Vaughn thought as he stood in the gourmet kitchen holding a can of beer. He gulped down half of it and carried the can with him upstairs while thinking: this place has turned into more of a trap than a sanctuary. He no longer enjoyed coming home to an empty bed. Or sharing it with someone he had no interest in beyond a night of passion here or there. The truth was he was lonely, and it would take more than a warm body to relieve that and make him feel alive again.
A woman like Taylor would do the trick nicely, he thought, knowing she was beyond his reach this time around. "A man can always fantasize, can't he?" Vaughn said aloud to no one, finishing off the beer.
He removed his jogging attire and took a shower. Half an hour later, Vaughn had put on his robe and slippers. He was in his study sitting in a leather swivel chair in front of the computer. A Norah Jones CD was playing from the stereo on the entertainment shelf.
Vaughn read Taylor's last e-mail again and gathered himself before deciding what to say in response. Something told him that every word must have meaning and keep Taylor interested without turning her off. Even if the odds seemed stacked against him—them—he figured there might be some light at the end of the tunnel that could bring them back together.

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

Taylor sat at the computer, anxiously waiting for it to go through the motions so she could see if there was an e-mail from Vaughn. It had been more than two weeks since she had sent her last message, and he had yet to respond. Maybe that was a good thing, she thought. Even though it was his pursuit that led to the correspondence and her interest in the first place, Vaughn had every right to end things just as abruptly as he had restarted them. After all, hadn't that been his style twenty-five years ago? What was it they said about a zebra never changing its stripes?
Taylor contemplated the notion of distancing herself from this renewed and scary friendship that had resurfaced in New York City, and had now made its way into cyberspace.
She found six e-mails waiting.
Three were from Vaughn.
As if to save the best for last, Taylor read her other e-mails first. One was from the American Cancer Society reminding her about the importance of regular mammograms and self-examination. Her jaw tightened and her pulse quickened at the thought of this life saving advice.
The others were from her friend Jeanne, and Audra, which Taylor responded to in haste. She sucked in a breath as she clicked on Vaughn's first e-mail. It was short and to the point:
* * *
Hello, Taylor:
I took a little time to digest your last e-mail and think about how I wanted to respond.
Glad to hear that your husband had no problem with you appearing with me on Forever Sweethearts. But I have to tell you, if it had been me, I'd have never let you go to the Big Apple without going with you. You know what they say about tempting fate—
Too bad your husband couldn't make it, assuming he wanted to. What's his name, anyway? It would've been interesting to meet the other half of your happy marriage.
Vaughn
P.S. Your husband was right, you did "show off" yourself twenty-five years later. You looked great, Taylor! In case I hadn't already told you that.
* * *
Vaughn had always been a charmer, Taylor thought. That was probably what had attracted her to him from the very beginning, along with his devilishly good looks.
But it shouldn't still be working on me twenty-five years later, she scolded herself, even though Taylor knew that in some very real way it was. The man somehow still knew how to make her heart race.
She tried to imagine Vaughn and Paul meeting—her first love versus her husband. What would they say to each other? Taylor's first thought was that Paul would be insanely jealous over the more fit, suave, easygoing Vaughn. But somehow this didn't fit Paul's cerebral, self-confident character. He would probably think the best man ended up with the prize, she thought.
Would Vaughn fight for what was no longer his?
She wouldn't want him to. He had lost the right to her heart a long time ago, even if her marriage was not as happy as she'd made it out to be.
Still, in looking at Vaughn's words in the e-mail, Taylor wondered if by seeing him again and maintaining contact she was, in fact, tempting or altering fate.
She read Vaughn's next e-mail:
* * *
Hey, Taylor:
You asked about my marriage and its subsequent failure. It would probably take me more pages to explain than you'd care to read, so I'll give you a shortened, sanitized version...
I met Irene at Harvard. She had looks, smarts, and social status. Her old man hit it big on Wall Street and was a success story by every standard of measurement.
I thought I was in love again (with her, not her father's money!). Maybe I was at the time. Maybe she was, too. Though that's not what she said years later. I guess what goes around, comes around.
Anyway, we got married before graduating (I guess I thought I was ready by that time).
Two years into the marriage, Nicole was born. Six years after that, Tasia was well on her way to becoming part of the Mitchell family, until Irene had a miscarriage. Up to that point, things were at least cordial between us. Unfortunately, cordial turned into chaos in the marriage. It was as if we lost touch with each other and could never recapture it.
That doesn't mean we didn't try. There were many half-hearted, half-serious, and half-assed reconciliations. But there were more separations, finger pointing, and hurting each other, and using our daughter as a pawn in a game of revenge, counter revenge, resentment, regret, and remorse.
Finally, after seventeen years, we realized that we had hurt each other enough and there was nothing left worth trying to hold onto.
And there went the marriage. Five years later, I'm wondering why we didn't have the guts to do it sooner and make each other happier in the process...
I'd better cut this short, Taylor, and I hope I didn't bore you too much. There's work to be done (yes, I actually do work for a living, though I've become successful enough to be able to pick and choose my spots these days—knock on wood).
I'll get to the last part of your e-mail tomorrow. In the meantime, this should give you something to chew on.
Vaughn
P.S. For what it's worth, you were definitely the one that got away.
* * *
The one that got away. Taylor read the words again. Was I really? she mused, remembering it was Vaughn who broke off the engagement and their future together, leaving her devastated and weary of all men for a long time.
When had he decided she was the one that got away? Was it after his marriage failed? When his ex-wife miscarried?
Or was it after he dumped me? Taylor asked herself.
She remained skeptical. If he truly felt that way, why hadn't he tried to find her long ago? For years, Taylor had secretly, and perhaps unrealistically, wished that he would find her, though she had never been sure how she would have reacted had he just shown up one day without any warning.
Now it was twenty-five years too late to even begin to speculate on what might have been.
Taylor tried not to consider the possibility that there might still be a future for them, even after all these years.
She read his final e-mail, which was sent three hours after the last one:
* * *
Hello, Taylor:
Regarding my love life since Irene, there hasn't been much of one to speak of. I've gone on a few dates here and there, but nothing's ever come out of it that I can take much comfort in. They've either been young enough to be my daughter or too old to compromise.
I'll be honest and say that, until recently, I had been seeing a woman off and on that I met at a seminar on single parents. Basically, we kept each other company when we were down in the dumps. Neither of us ever expected it to be anything other than a good friendship.
For the most part, I've kept my nose buried in work—seemingly the one thing I could count on when the chips were down. Irene says that was what caused us to break up. I say that was the only reason, next to Nicole, that we stayed together as long as we did.
This makes my third e-mail since your last one. I hope all this cyber babble doesn't scare you off. You asked, so I answered. I only wish I had been more in touch with my feelings years ago. Who knows, maybe it's never too late to turn your life around.
Even for happily married folks.
What do you think?
Vaughn
P.S. Concerning the last sentence of your e-mail—I'm definitely not suffering from boredom in my life. Maybe a bit of loneliness—all right more than a bit! But I'm still functioning quite well.
You may find this hard to believe, coming twenty-five years late, but you were never out of my system. Not for one single day!
* * *
Taylor read all the e-mails again, feeling something stir inside her after each one, as though he had touched something deep within. Although she had mixed emotions about continuing this correspondence, she didn't want to stop, as if this was somehow meant to be. She collected her thoughts and began typing a response:
* * *
Dear Vaughn,
It was nice to hear from you again. Each of your e-mails has seemed to reveal a different side of you. Yet in all of them, I can see the whole of you and even flashes of the Vaughn Mitchell of yesteryear.
I'm so sorry to hear about your ex-wife's miscarriage. I can only imagine the trauma and tragedy one must surely endure in living through the experience...and how it has impacted your life and hers. At least you were blessed with one child who has grown to adulthood and has, no doubt, filled you with the pride I feel for my own daughter, Audra.
Thank you, Vaughn, for the kind words directed toward me in your e-mails. I only wish they had been there more often and with meaning when they were so sorely needed twenty-five years ago. I must admit that you certainly have a knack for making me feel like a twenty-one-year-old, giddy, college girl all over again.
But then reality smacks me in the face, and I realize that no matter how much we may wish it (did I really say we?), there is simply no turning back the hands of time—for either of us. I am a forty-six-year-old married woman, mother, and all that it entails. And you are a forty-seven-year-old divorced man and father who should be looking forward not backward.
I do find myself enjoying our e-mail correspondence, more than I once cared to admit. But I'm afraid it may only lead to complications down the line that I'd rather avoid altogether.
My husband (his name is Paul by the way) doesn't know I've been corresponding with you, which may or may not come as a surprise. I'm honestly not sure how he would react to it. He may consider it harmless reminiscing after reconnecting on a reality TV show. Or perhaps he would see it as a threat to almost twenty years of marriage and fidelity.
In any event, I doubt it would have been all that interesting had you and Paul met in New York—at least for me. I don't think I need to see you two engage in some sort of man to man contest to see who has the highest testosterone levels in trying to impress me.
I'm not certain anymore what it is we're doing here, Vaughn. I do know, though, that I do not want to hurt my husband or daughter by enjoying too much, and dangerously, this journey to a life I knew before them.
I would be happy to continue e-mailing you for as long as you care to take the time out of your life, but not at the expense of my marriage.
I hope you understand what I'm trying to say.
Taylor
P.S. Though I certainly have tried, I admit that I don't think I ever really got you out of my system either.

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

Two days later, Taylor spent the afternoon working on her book in a converted home office that used to be their family room. It was spacious enough for her and Paul to have their own desks, a walnut bookcase, four-drawer file cabinet, television, combination DVD/CD player, and an exercise bike. The window faced the backyard, bringing in sunlight that warmed Taylor's skin, in spite of the cold temperatures outside.
Paul had gone to Los Angeles for a convention, leaving Taylor alone with her thoughts and her writing. She realized that, though she missed being beside Paul in bed and conversation with him, if not often one-sided, she did not really miss his presence. It was as if she had grown accustomed to feeling alienated even when they were right next to each other. At least when Paul was away, they both had an excuse to exist in separate but equal worlds.
Her thoughts shifted to Vaughn Mitchell. Taylor had begun to feel a certain comfort in corresponding with him, even though she had no idea where this was going. She only knew that most things happened for a reason. Perhaps they were destined to part twenty-five years ago and rediscover each other in the new millennium.
I just hope I'm not setting myself up for some sort of fall if history repeats itself, Taylor thought. She wasn't sure she was up to being dumped twice by the same man, even if this time around it was nothing more than a platonic online friendship.
She realized, in that moment, that having Paul to fall back on was not much consolation. Not much at all.
But Taylor had to remind herself that marriage was often less about consolation and more about compromise. She would do well to remember that.
* * *
Paul didn't get in until late that night. By then Taylor was already asleep, and he seemed to try his best not to wake her. But Taylor did open her eyes when he got into bed, as she often did. She detected the faint smell of his cologne in addition to the distinct odor of the outside, as he had elected not to shower. She ignored this as she held him. Paul had turned his back to her.
"Nice trip?" she whispered.
"It was all right," he responded tonelessly. "After a while, they're all pretty much the same."
"You could always cut back on the conferences and conventions," Taylor suggested.
"Now that's a thought," he said. She detected sarcasm in his tone. "Look, I'm dead tired," Paul told her. "Can we just talk about this some other time?"
Okay, so he doesn't want to talk—unless it's on his terms, the right time, and subject, thought Taylor, feeling as if he was shutting her out. Why do I feel as if my opinion doesn't really count anymore—if it ever did? She squeezed her eyes shut and slowly released her arms from around him. Paul didn't seem to notice, as he'd fallen asleep almost instantly.
Taylor was in bed alone when morning came. She found a note on the kitchen table from Paul saying that he'd gone to his school office early to grade some papers. She accepted this because she had no reason not to.
I wouldn't want to think that my husband was avoiding me, Taylor mused, making coffee. But getting home late and leaving before she woke up concerned her. Had Paul's life really become so consumed that he was too busy to want to even take the time for breakfast together?
Sometimes it seemed like they barely did more than bump into each other accidentally while coming or going on any given day lately. Taylor was more than a little frustrated at the notion as she curled up on the couch with a mug of steaming cappuccino. She wasn't sure if this was just a normal part of a long-term marriage growing stale, where priorities somehow became lost in the shuffle. Had growing older and being together for so long become so routine and expected that they no longer endeavored to improve upon their relationship in the many ways they could?
Or am I simply fooling myself by wanting more? Taylor thought. Has Vaughn's reemergence made me remember what we once had and emphasized what seems to be missing in my life?
Taylor did thirty minutes on the stationary bike before showering and dressing for work.
* * *
She found a package on her desk when she arrived at her office. It had come to the department addressed to Professor Taylor Holland. The return address was Vaughn Mitchell's law office in Chicago.
Taylor was curious and uneasy about receiving a package from her ex-boyfriend and current Internet pal. She was thankful he'd sent it to her office, but concerned that she'd given him the wrong message. She was fine with their e-mail exchange, but hesitant at the thought of it progressing to packages and who knew what else.
She glanced over her shoulder into the hallway, feeling slightly self-conscious, as though the secretaries and other faculty could somehow see through the thin business-like veil of the package to something likely more intimate and personal in nature.
Closing her door, Taylor put the wrapped package on her desk and opened it carefully, as if it were a Christmas gift to be cherished. What had Vaughn sent her and why?
For some reason, Taylor's fingers were shaking as she removed the inner box and opened the lid. Inside she found a CD, along with a note. It read:
* * *
Hey there, beautiful lady with the still ever enchanting green eyes:
I found this CD online at Amazon that I wanted you to have (truthfully, I bought one for myself too) to bring back some memories. Remember back in the day there was that song, "Green-Eyed Lady." Well, somehow it seemed so appropriate when thinking of you that I couldn't resist buying the Sugarloaf CD.
I'm sure you'll get a kick out of the song. I did when I listened to it again for the first time in years. It was more than worth the effort.
Hope you enjoy.
Vaughn
* * *
Taylor smiled at the thought, remembering the song. How could she not, all things considered. She stuck the CD in her purse and turned on the computer. She wondered why Paul never did little romantic things anymore. Had he ever?
She responded to his note:
* * *
Dear Vaughn,
Thanks for the CD, which I haven't listened to yet. It was a sweet thought. I have a CD player in my car and at home. I'll probably listen to it in my car.
As for the "beautiful lady with the still ever enchanting green eyes," again I thank you for the compliment. It feels nice to be told I'm beautiful, even if I don't always feel that way. Perhaps you are simply being kind. Or it could be that your eyes are seeing more of what you want to see than what really is.
The truth is, no matter how much we women may try, it's very hard, and probably impossible, to be "beautiful" in our mid forties. It only takes looking into the mirror for me to realize that I am certainly not the woman I used to be—the one you knew.
Not that I'm complaining. Could be a lot worse, I know. Paul accepts me for who I am. I try to, though I don't always succeed.
Taylor

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

During the drive home that afternoon in her red Subaru Outback, Taylor listened to "Green-Eyed Lady," which made her think back to the good old days when she was a college student with her whole life ahead of her. That included a boyfriend who she could never seem to get enough of. She began singing along. I've gained a whole new appreciation for my eyes, she thought with a smile.
By the time the song finished playing, Taylor was crying. She wasn't quite sure why. Had the song brought to the surface feelings that had been buried by years of change and challenges?
She wondered if there was a hidden message in Vaughn sending her the song. Maybe it was a reflection of his nostalgia in midlife or a fanciful trip down memory lane.
Or was it his attempt to reclaim what was once his by stirring up old feelings?
She listened to the song again, while wishing that Paul had been as attracted to the color of her eyes as Vaughn was.
* * *
In the living room, Taylor put the CD in the CD tray with some other CDs. It was doubtful Paul would notice or even give it a second thought if he did.
She found him in sweats and an MSU tee shirt working out on the stationary bike. Sweat was pouring from his face like he had a broken water valve as he pedaled furiously. He saw her standing in the doorway.
With strained breath, he managed to say in a ragged voice: "Just five more minutes—"
"Yeah, if you don't have a heart attack first," Taylor half joked, sidestepping him to get to her desk. Actually, she believed he was in reasonably good shape for a man his age, though he did everything he could to avoid going to the doctor. It had something to do with a bad experience he had as a child. She wanted him to go for a routine check-up just to be sure everything was in order, but he always made up excuses. She suspected that, like many men over fifty, he feared mortality as well as his body deteriorating, and used exercise to try to stall the effects of aging as much as possible.
Paul seemed to pedal even harder now, veins bulging at his temples, as he approached his goal. "Ginsberg is expected to retire at the end of the year," he told her. Larry Ginsberg was the director of the School of Criminal Justice. "And I think they might offer me the position."
"Would you consider taking it?" she asked. He had not previously mentioned an interest in giving up or supplementing his teaching post for administrative work.
Paul eased up a bit on the bike. "I'd be crazy not to," he said. "It would mean more kudos and money, if not more headaches." He was breathing from his mouth and nose now. "All in all, I think I could do a hell of a lot more to help students by directing the department than teaching. That's not to say I couldn't still teach at least one course or take on an independent study or two."
Taylor kicked off her mules and put some papers in the drawer. It occurred to her that if Paul got the job, it would probably mean fewer commitments to seminars and conferences around the country. But possibly more time spent in the department, and away from her—and what was supposed to be a marriage. She wasn't sure if that would be good for either of them at this time in their lives.
"If it's what you really want," she told him evenly, "I hope you get the job, Paul—"
His chest heaved as his cycling slowed to almost a crawl, and he said: "We'll see what happens. They have to offer it to me first..."
"When do you expect to find out?" she asked.
"Probably by the end of the month," he guessed.
Taylor pondered the notion of Paul in his new position of authority, wondering how that would translate to home life. She stepped by him again to go upstairs.
Taylor was washing her face at the sink and thinking about the song "Green-Eyed Lady," and who had sent it to her, when Paul came in and cut on the shower. He quickly removed his sweats, tossed them into the hamper, and stepped into the shower.
Over the competing water, he shouted: "Have you given any thought to Thanksgiving dinner?"
Not really, she thought, though Thanksgiving was just over two weeks away.
She dried her face and asked: "Do your parents like ham?"
In nearly twenty years of marriage, Taylor realized that she hadn't been around Paul's parents enough to know very much about what they liked, food or otherwise. Paul had always defended his parents' apparent lack of interest in her company—and barely Audra's—as just being old, loners, and stuck in their ways. She took it as their form of protest that he'd married her instead of his longtime ex live-in girlfriend, whom Taylor had been told on more than one occasion that his mother adored like she was her own daughter. Or daughter-in-law.
"I was thinking a more traditional turkey and dressing dinner might be nice," Paul sputtered.
This surprised Taylor somewhat, since he had long professed to hating turkey and dressing. Had his taste buds suddenly undergone a dramatic transformation? Or had Paul decided that it didn't matter what he liked or disliked, or Audra, or her, for that matter—as long as his parents' predilections were satisfied?
"Turkey and dressing will be fine," Taylor told him tersely, removing her clothing.
"You sure?" he asked.
"Are you?" She glared at the outline of his body through the steamed shower door. "I'm not the one who grew up hating stuffed turkey."
"They'll appreciate the thought," he said. "I can live with it."
Paul suddenly began to hum, as if a song had just popped into his head—a song that Taylor didn't recognize. She raised a brow, while taking that as his cue that the conversation as over and she could leave the room.
* * *
Taylor sent Vaughn an e-mail the next morning.
* * *
Dear Vaughn,
Just a quick note to tell you that I loved listening to "Green-Eyed Lady" and I'm flattered that you remembered it in thinking of me.
Well, I'm off to the library for some research. Did I tell you that I'm writing a book? It deals with gender role expectations and women's victimization. Not that there aren't already enough such books filling the shelves of bookstores across the country, but I suppose I'm hoping I can bring a slightly different perspective to the reader.
Lady With The Enchanting Green Eyes

CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE

Vaughn stared out the window in his office, seeing everything on this sunny afternoon, but taking in nothing. His mind should have been on work and doing his best to save one of his clients from becoming another Enron debacle. Or perhaps he should have been thinking about his daughter and when they were going to get together, with the holidays quickly approaching.
But no, instead he was thinking about Taylor Holland. In fact, he thought of her more and more these days. The e-mails passing between them had made him feel that they were making a connection again that went beyond some words on a computer screen. Taylor was into him in the present day, just as he was into her.
He didn't doubt that she still loved her husband. But something told Vaughn that Taylor wasn't in love with the man she was married to. That made a big difference. It meant there was still a chance that, against all odds, he and Taylor could pick up where they left off twenty-five years ago.
That is if he didn't blow it again and allow her to drift away like a stalled boat out at sea.
Vaughn stood there for a moment or two longer of studious deliberation, before going back to his desk and rereading the e-mail he had written to Taylor...
* * *
Dear Taylor:
I thought the song would work for you. It was the one that came to mind from the moment our eyes met and never left me after all these years.
Regarding me telling you that you're beautiful, I definitely was not simply being kind or wearing blinders. Trust me when I tell you that you are beautiful beyond words. The years have taken nothing away from you. Forty-six is not the point of no return. Only women seem to think so.
From my perspective, your attractiveness has only grown more complete with time. You're still the woman I once knew. Only better.
Clouded judgment...? I don't think so. If anything, it's just the opposite. My judgment has never been clearer than it is today. If I'd been in my right mind twenty-five years ago, I would've done the right thing by you, and both our lives might be richer for it today.
Sooner or later, you will realize that our business from yesteryear is still unfinished. I made a big damned mistake once upon a time, and I don't want either of us to make another.
Toward that end, I'm going to be in East Lansing on business next Friday. Oh, hell, let's be honest here, I'm coming your way with the hope of seeing you again. Any chance you might actually meet with me? Anywhere. Any place. Any time. You name it.
I'll understand if you choose to pass. But, from where I sit, I think we owe it to ourselves to see if this connection means anything other than electronic words coming on the heels of our reunion on Forever Sweethearts.
Vaughn
P.S. Writing a book really does suit you. I'm definitely no expert on victimization studies, but it seems to me that there can never be enough quality books on any given subject. I'd love to read some of what you've written, mainly because you wrote it. Any chance of that?
* * *
He read it once more, added his office and cell phone numbers, and then sent it off.
I'm laying myself on the line here and it could blow up in my face, Vaughn thought. But it was a chance he was willing to take. Taylor Holland was worth swallowing his ego for and worth pursuing just like he had so many years ago.
Only, this time, the stakes were higher than ever.

CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX

Taylor was at her office on campus when she responded to Vaughn's latest and perhaps most unsettling e-mail. She could feel her heart beating wildly as she wrote:
* * *
Dear Vaughn:
Thanks for your e-mail, which was comforting in many ways.
As for meeting with you in East Lansing, I'm afraid it's a bad idea, all things considered. Corresponding with you (as well as seeing you in New York) has definitely been good for my ego and made me remember perhaps the best days of my life. However, I really believe it would be a mistake to get together again, even casually, and one that I might live to regret.
Given our less than satisfying past (or at least how things ended), I don't want to put myself in a position of letting history repeat itself...with me again holding the short end of the stick.
Also, I have never cheated on my husband (assuming this was what you had in mind). And while my marriage may not be as strong as I would like, I'd hate to test its limits any more than I have to.
In spite of our renewed friendship, I am definitely not the same woman you seem to want me to be from twenty-five years ago, Vaughn, if in fact that's the case. Even if I am wrong about that, we cannot go back to when we were kids (certainly by the standards of two people in their mid forties). Too much has changed in both of our lives for anything more than some nostalgia from a comfortable distance.
I can forgive you for the pain you caused me twenty-five years ago, and it was wonderful to see you again (more than I was willing to acknowledge to myself at the time). But I prefer to leave this renewed, clandestine friendship just where it is without further incursion into our separate but complete lives. There really isn't any other choice.
Taylor
P.S. Thanks for your interest in my book (something that admittedly my husband doesn't seem to share). But I'm afraid I'm not quite ready to show my work yet and open it up to criticism, whether just or unjust. However, if and when it's published, I would be happy to send you an autographed copy if you like.
* * *
Taylor was thinking about the last e-mail message she had sent Vaughn at perhaps the most inappropriate time—while she was in bed with Paul. They were not being intimate, unless you considered sitting on the bed in their nightwear reading books a form of intimacy. She did not. But she still didn't feel right thinking about another man while she was in bed with her husband.
Yet she was doing just that, and there was no getting around it or stopping it. It was as if she was unable to control her mind and her body from reacting to it.
Taylor had quite unintentionally bared her soul to Vaughn in ways she hadn't to herself—much less Paul. She had also been brutally honest with Vaughn in that whatever was going on between them could go no further. It wouldn't be fair to her, him, or Paul.
Even then, a part of Taylor longed for the type of affection and closeness she once shared with Vaughn that was painfully lacking in her marriage to Paul. But, for more reasons than one, she was resistant to reopening a chapter of her life that filled her with such wonder, desire, and love on the one hand and heartache, self-doubts, and soul searching on the other. She was a faithful wife and mother now, no matter the still youthful, exuberant, and sexual woman that may lie within.
Her hands felt clammy underneath the historical romance novel she was reading. She turned briefly to look at Paul, who was ensconced in a true crime book. This one, titled The Sex Slave Murders involved, according to Paul, a husband and wife who had kidnapped and murdered nine women, including one who was several months pregnant. Definitely not my type of reading, Taylor thought distastefully, though she could sympathize with the victims.
Paul's glasses hung low on the thick part of his nose. His attention to the book was so thorough that Taylor felt she might as well not even have been in the room, let alone next to him in bed. The story of my life it seems, she thought sadly. Reading had become a substitute for lovemaking and anything else resembling any kind of intimacy.
Through her reading glasses, Taylor tried to concentrate on the novel, but realized it was hopeless. Her thoughts had surrendered to too many distractions.
Including dangerous fantasies.
"I'm going to sleep now," she told Paul, yawning. Taylor bent the corner of the page where she left off and put the book on her night table.
Paul looked at her absentmindedly, as if he had nothing better to do. "I suppose it is about that time," he said and closed his book. "So, when do I get to see the book that you're working on?"
The question caught Taylor completely off guard, and that was an understatement. Paul hadn't previously shown even the slightest interest in her book, much less its contents. "The first ten chapters are on my desk," she said. "You're free to read them whenever you want to."
Now it was he who seemed to be at a loss for words. After a moment or two, Paul asked: "Has the writing experience been everything you thought it would be?"
"Yes, if you mean hard work," she said. "And I have a lot more respect for people who earn their living solely from writing." She watched as he put the book on his night table. "The answer is no, if you mean am I completely satisfied with what I've written thus far."
He frowned. "Maybe you're being too hard on yourself."
"Or maybe I'm not being hard enough," she suggested just for the sake of argument. Truthfully, she had always been a perfectionist to one degree or another. Writing a book was a big undertaking for her and she wanted it to reflect her very best effort.
Paul snorted. "No one's ever completely satisfied with everything, Taylor. That's what makes life a constant challenge. We push ourselves to continually reach for new heights, while holding onto the old gains."
Taylor imagined that he was referring to his current professorship versus his desire to become the director of his department. She wondered if he aspired to become the dean of the College of Social Science next. And how she fit into the equation.
He turned off his lamp. "Anyway, I'm sure when all is said and done it will be a good book."
She turned her lamp off. "How can you be so sure?"
His toes touched hers in an intimate way. "Do you have to ask?"
"Yes," she said. "Compliments have not been your strong suit, Paul, especially where it concerns me." Taylor could feel his too long toenails grazing the bottoms of her feet. It tickled in an undesirable way, causing her to kick his foot away.
Paul did not try to touch her again. Instead, he said curtly: "Cut me some slack, Taylor. Not everything has to be spelled out for you. I've always supported you for whatever you wanted to do."
Right, she thought irritably, as long as it was what you wanted me to do. Not in the mood for one of his famous debates, she said: "That's good to know. I guess I'm just being silly again, as usual."
He chuckled sarcastically. "You just love to do this, don't you?"
"Do what?" she asked.
"Try to turn everything I say around, so you can feel sorry for yourself."
Taylor glared at him in the darkness. "I don't feel sorry for myself. I feel sorry for us that our lives have turned into squabbling over professional issues while we ignore more personal issues—" She hadn't intended to go down this road, and now regretted she had.
She could feel the heat of Paul's gaze on her. "If you're talking about our sex life, I think you're making way too big of an issue out of it," he said.
"Or so you keep saying," Taylor hissed. What sex life? she thought. She was beginning to miss sexual intimacy more than she realized. More importantly, she missed being wanted by a man. By her husband. No matter what he said by way of excuses, she couldn't help but believe this was the root of their abstinence.
He's no longer sexually attracted to me, Taylor decided.
Paul touched her bare shoulder. She could feel his hand shaking. "All right, so maybe I've ducked some real concerns," he admitted.
Taylor sighed. "Maybe...? Paul, all I want is a normal life—in every sense of the word," she said. "And I think I have a right to expect that in our marriage." Didn't she? Didn't he?
Paul jerked his hand away, as though he'd just realized he didn't want it on her after all. She could feel him moving around in the bed as he considered her words, which Taylor hoped didn't sound like threats.
Paul stretched his legs out without touching her. "Taylor, this is normal," he muttered stubbornly in his return to denial. "I know you may not think so, but let's face it, sex is way overblown these days. What we have—as do most married couples who are on the twenty year plan—is far more meaningful than pretending to be two damned teeny boppers in heat, craving each other's bodies like there's no tomorrow..."
Taylor felt like hitting him, but checked herself. She refused to let this end with little more than a whimper.
"I can't even remember the last time we made love, Paul," she said tersely, almost embarrassed to say so. "We are not too old to have sex—at least every now and then to remind ourselves this is a marriage and not a platonic live-in relationship."
For some reason, she suddenly found herself thinking about his parents and imagined that they were probably even more sexually active than she and Paul. Then Taylor's mind drifted to Audra, wondering if she was sexually involved with Jessie. The idea of their daughter having more sex than they were was both shocking and disturbing to Taylor.
Paul touched her again. "You're right, of course," he muttered lamely. "I guess being overworked and overstressed has made me the bad guy here."
Taylor inched away from him involuntarily. "There are no bad or good guys here, Paul," she snorted. "This is about performing functions as man and wife that are supposed to come with the territory—at any age. If you need some help—"
Paul immediately rejected this notion, as he had previously. "I don't need any help," he said. "I just need some time to get out of the routine my mind and body have gotten used to."
And who's fault is that? Taylor mused, knowing that at least early on it was more or less a shared decision to refrain from intimacy in their relationship. But, lately, it was clearly Paul who had become more comfortable doing without than her.
"So do you mean a day? A week? What?" Taylor challenged him while thinking that she sounded like a desperate woman.
Maybe I am desperate, she thought shamelessly.
Or maybe she was growing weary of having to ask for what should have come naturally from her husband. Something has to give here, Taylor thought resolutely.
Paul chuckled derisively as he often did when he was put on the defensive. He sat up, leaning on an elbow. "I feel like I'm on a damned clock or something. Where is this coming from anyway? You're acting like you've suddenly had some sort of epiphany that told you our marriage is bad simply because we're not having sex every night. Don't blow things out of proportion. It only makes you seem irrational."
Taylor fumed, feeling as if she was beating her head against a brick wall. It was obvious that whatever was going on with him, physically or mentally, he was in no hurry to change things between them. Regardless of her needs as a woman and wife.
She turned to Paul and said: "Look, just forget it."
Taylor twisted away from him, unsure where they were headed from here, but afraid it wasn't where she wanted to be. Paul moved up to her body and put his arm around her.
"I'm sorry," he whispered. "I guess I've lost my priorities along the way. I'll work on it...I promise."
Taylor gathered that he meant sometime in the future, rather than at the moment. This concerned her, for she had a feeling that things would only get worse, not better, between them.
Neither said a word, and soon Taylor could hear Paul snoring. She wanted to reach out to him, seek comfort in some way, but she was unable to muster up the energy or willpower.
Suddenly Taylor was thinking about Vaughn, wishing she was twenty-one again...and that he was holding her, and making love to her. She was surprised that her fantasy had more to do with the current Taylor Holland and Vaughn Mitchell...and wishing they were together...

CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN

The voicemail came on, and a voice deeper than Vaughn's droned mechanically: "You have reached the Hollands. We're not available right now. If you'd care to leave a message, one of us will get back to you at the earliest possi—"
Vaughn hung up, irritated by the voice of Taylor's husband. Damn, he thought. What the hell did I expect? That she would answer the phone and welcome me with open arms?
He was in his hotel room at the Kellogg Center. It was the second time he had tried Taylor at home after initially calling her office at the school, only to be told that she was not in today.
Vaughn had gone out on a limb and decided to take his chances by taking the four-hour drive to East Lansing, home of his alma mater and, more importantly, where Taylor currently lived. He'd gone against her clear warning not to come, deciding instead to go with his instincts in wanting to see her again and believing that she wanted to see him as well.
Now he began to second-guess his brash action. What was I thinking? he asked himself. What had he expected to come out of this second face-to-face reunion with the woman he'd never gotten over, though he'd tried hard to? Was crossing the line going to make one bit of difference at this point?
While Vaughn questioned the wisdom of what he was doing, the better part of him remained adamant that it was the right thing for the right reasons. He had to see this through and not leave until they at least got together and talked things through. Something they should have done twenty-five years ago, had he not been so blinded by selfishness and anxiety.
He pushed the redial button. Once more, he got their voicemail. Vaughn imagined that Taylor and Paul were having a late lunch or otherwise engaged like married couples. The thought irked him, irrational or not.
"Maybe this was a bad idea," Vaughn muttered. He wasn't about to leave a message. What the hell would he say? And to whom?
He was about to hang up in frustration and perhaps call it quits like any sane person would do, when the recording was abruptly halted, followed by a beeping sound.
Then he heard her voice.
* * *
The phone began ringing at two o'clock. Since she was busy doing house chores and the caller left no message, Taylor figured it was probably a wrong number. She had just finished the kitchen counters and was starting on the bathrooms, when the phone rang again. She picked up just after the voicemail had been activated. She was surprised that it was Vaughn calling, and he seemed just as shocked that she had answered.
"Vaughn—" Taylor was almost speechless. How had he gotten her unlisted home number?
"I tried to reach you at work," he said hesitantly.
"It's my day off," Taylor told him. She was glad that Paul had left before noon to teach two classes. "Why are you calling, Vaughn?"
The question was asked with both concern and admonishment, as they had more or less agreed to only communicate via the Internet for practical and personal reasons. Even so, Taylor could not deny how good it was to hear Vaughn's voice again.
There was an awkward silence, before he responded. "I'm in town, Taylor—"
Her stomach did a somersault. He was here, she thought in disbelief, recalling that he had indicated a desire to come to East Lansing to meet and she had sought to dissuade him.
"You shouldn't have come," she stammered. "I told you that..."
Vaughn cut her off. "I know you didn't want me to come, but I felt I needed to—for both our sakes." He paused. "I want to see you, Taylor—"
Her knees began to wobble, and Taylor sat on the edge of the bed. She replayed his words in her head: "I want to see you," and tried to analyze their meaning. Did he come to East Lansing to seduce her into cheating on her husband? Had he really expected that she would just drop everything and come to him, as though it were 1977 or 1978 again?
Well it was 2003, Taylor thought, and she would be damned if she would let her attraction for Vaughn Mitchell allow her to make a foolish mistake once more.
"I can't do this, Vaughn—" Taylor said in a shaky voice.
"You can't...or you won't?" he asked.
She could feel her palms grow sweaty. "My life is complicated enough as it is," she tried to explain. "Meeting with you beyond New York would only add to that, which I don't need. Surely you can understand..."
"I understand that you're as unhappily married as I am divorced," Vaughn said tersely, surprising Taylor with his astuteness. "I care about you...and I never really stopped caring about you." He drew a short, powerful sigh. "Look, I just want to talk, face to face. We owe each other that much. I'm staying at the Kellogg Center. Meet me there in the lounge at three-thirty. I'll be waiting..."
Before Taylor could protest, he hung up.
She could feel her heart thumping, as if trying to pry itself loose from her body. Damn him, she thought. He had challenged her to come to him, and her resistance to the idea could not measure up to a stronger pull in his direction.
Could she deny any longer the forces that seemed to be drawing them together again, no matter what obstacles there were?
Or was time somehow playing a wicked trick on her so that she could no longer be sure what was real and what was just a haunting memory from a distant past?
Taylor felt her life was changing before her very eyes. It was as if she was about to come full circle and enter a world she knew nothing about, yet was as familiar to her as she was to herself.
She had hoped to maintain a friendship with Vaughn from afar, without testing its limits or her marriage. But now she was being forced to look at both squarely, unsure what the outcome would be.
Taylor stood and looked down at herself in an oversized stained sweatshirt and faded jeans, her chosen outfit for household chores. She wore no makeup, and hadn't even combed her hair yet. I'm a mess, she thought. I can't even seem to attract my own husband so how will I be able to attract another man?
A man such as Vaughn Mitchell...
* * *
The Kellogg Hotel & Conference Center was located on the Michigan State University campus. Besides serving as a hotel for guests, it also doubled as an educational laboratory for students majoring in hospitality and other fields of study.
And now, thought Taylor, it was a place for her to get together with an old boyfriend. She felt a little self-conscious as she moved through the spacious and elegant lobby wearing a light brown wool coat over a pink turtleneck, gray skirt, and black boots. She could imagine the words "married woman meeting at hotel with old and maybe new lover" stamped across her forehead. Was she exposed by her facial expressions or the way she walked?
Taylor quickly dismissed such thoughts as sheer paranoia. Why would I come across any different from anyone else visiting the hotel? she asked herself. Even if she were to run into a colleague, her presence was easily explainable given the many seminars and conferences that were held there each year. But since she taught on the other side of campus, chances were she had nothing to worry about in that area.
Whatever else she may have conjured up or imagined she had come too far to turn back now.
I need to play this out from start to finish, she told herself. Even if it means just having a drink, then returning home to my husband.
She walked into the lounge. There were only a few people sitting at tables, and a few others milling about as if lost. Like her. Soft instrumental music was being piped through the speakers.
Maybe I shouldn't have come. The second thoughts crept back into Taylor's head, as they had throughout the drive there. Isn't my presence here playing right into Vaughn's hands?
Then she spotted him sitting at a table all by his lonesome. He smiled at her, and she knew there was nothing to do but go to him.
* * *
Vaughn took a final sip of his drink and tried to squelch the butterflies in his stomach as Taylor approached him. She'd come after all; something he wasn't sure would happen till he saw it with his own eyes. It was almost as if they were seeing each other for the first time all over again. And it made him nervous as hell. What he didn't want to do was frighten her away.
Vaughn stood. He ran a hand through his hair and then across his newly shaven bare upper lip.
He put on his best smile and greeted Taylor. "I'm glad you came."
"You made me feel that I should, since you came all the way from Chicago," she said.
And it was well worth it just to see your pretty green eyes, Vaughn thought. Not to mention the rest of you. "You look nice, Taylor," he said.
"So do you," she admitted tremulously, her hands buried in the pockets of her coat like they belonged there. He smelled good, too. She noticed he had shaved off his mustache. "Why did you get rid of the mustache?"
Vaughn grinned as if embarrassed, moving his upper lip involuntarily. "I guess after having it for more than ten years, it seemed like a change was in order."
Taylor hadn't decided whether she liked Vaughn better with or without the mustache. It had given him a more mature, distinguished look; whereas being clean-shaven seemed to almost reverse the aging process and he'd become the college student she once knew, minus the long hair.
"You want to sit down?" Vaughn asked as if he'd forgotten his manners, and proffered the chair next to his. He assumed she wasn't interested in going to his room.
Taylor took a moment before saying: "Yes." She took off her coat and draped it on an empty chair before she sat down, trying hard not to show how nervous she was.
Vaughn sat down. "Can I get you a drink?"
She nodded. "White wine."
He flagged down a waiter and ordered two white wines.
Moments later, the waiter brought their wine.
So here I am with this man I once thought I knew so well and didn't really know at all, Taylor thought, feeling unsettled as she sipped the wine. What now? she wondered. Where was this headed?
Vaughn caught the uncertainty of her gaze. "Seems weird, doesn't it, in a way—us together again at MSU just like old times."
"Well, yes, I suppose it does," Taylor admitted, though feeling it wasn't quite like old times. "And scary."
He touched her shoulder, causing Taylor to react. "You don't have to be afraid of me," he said with mild amusement. "I promise I don't bite."
She smiled slightly. "Maybe I'm afraid of myself," she suggested. Afraid she was making the biggest mistake of her life.
"Don't be." Vaughn seemed to read her mind. "The spark has always been there between us, Taylor, even when we may not have been aware of it. Being here is simply a reaffirmation of that connection."
Taylor smiled softly. "I'm not sure that's helping any." Indeed, a part of her still wanted to get up and run out of there, all because of that connection. But she realized, sadly, that she had no one to run to, least of all her husband.
Vaughn studied Taylor. He eyed the necklace hanging across her chest, then the slight downturn at the corners of her mouth. He sensed she still wasn't sure about this, and he could understand why. After all, she had more to lose if things went much further. But then again, he thought, maybe she really didn't have much to lose after all.
He took a sip of wine and said flatly, speaking his mind: "Taylor, your husband is a damned fool."
Her eyes widened. "Excuse me—?"
"You heard me," he said. "He obviously doesn't know a good thing when he has it. No sense denying what's pretty clear."
"I suppose you would know something about that," she told him sharply, "considering you started my troubles with men."
Vaughn looked her in the eye. "I regret every moment of the pain I caused you," he said. "I wish I could take it back. You deserve a hell of a lot more than what I gave you and what he's not giving you..."
"People deserve a lot of things, Vaughn," Taylor said with a catch in her voice. "That doesn't mean we can all have everything we deserve."
He touched her knee. "Why not?"
She removed his hand and glared at him. "What do you want from me?"
"Whatever part of you I can have," Vaughn answered honestly. "Perhaps I want the Taylor Braxton who was once my girl."
"She's gone forever," Taylor said lamentably. "I can't make her come back simply because you want now what you didn't want then."
"I want what I see now, Taylor." His tone was one of bluntness and desire.
"Is that so?"
He took a sip of wine and met her gaze. "Come to my room with me," he said softly.
Taylor gasped, knowing full well what he was asking. "Why? So you can pretend like our lives haven't changed over the past twenty-five years?" She paused. "I'm sorry your wife left you and you've regressed to a simpler time when we were both young and naïve. But—"
"It's not about regression," Vaughn interjected with an edge to his voice. "Things have been over between me and my wife for years. It's about me and you...and what we feel today. We've both been miserable long enough."
Taylor pursed her lips. "And you think that my going to your room will somehow change that?"
Vaughn leaned back in the chair. He didn't want to make promises that might not hold up. "We won't know unless we try," he said and reached for her hand. "We need each other, Taylor. We always have. Don't fight what is right in front of us—"
The touch of his hand sent tiny bolts of electricity throughout Taylor's body. With some effort, she managed to move her trembling hand down to her lap.
He wants me for me, she thought with clarity and excitement. Whereas her husband seemed to want anything but her.
Taylor knew now that she could no longer deny what her body was telling her...and perhaps her heart as well. Yes, I want to be with Vaughn, she realized. Maybe more than she ever had before.
Strangely, it had nothing to do with Paul. And yet it had everything to do with him.
It had everything to do with Vaughn. And nothing to do with him.
Taylor understood that it was all about her. Who she once was. Who she was now. And who she wanted to be as a woman, person, and sexual being.
She looked into Vaughn's intent blue eyes and said: "So, let's go—"

CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT

The suite had a fireplace, wet bar, and terrace with a stunning view of the Red Cedar River that ran through the campus. But Taylor barely noticed these or other room amenities as she stood close to Vaughn, taking in his familiar and intoxicating scent. The searing heat they generated together set ablaze the sexual friction between them like an inferno. She gave little thought to what she—they—were about to do or its implications. Only that it felt like she was going to a safe place with a sense of belonging. Her heart was beating wildly and she wondered if it was in step with Vaughn's heart.
"I want to see you," he whispered in a husky voice, his warm breath against her forehead.
"Just don't expect to see a twenty-one-year-old," Taylor warned, a little self-conscious about exposing herself to a man who last saw her when her body was still taut and unblemished by the years.
"I expect to see the beautiful woman I'm looking at right now," Vaughn said smoothly.
"That works both ways," Taylor said, the thought of his naked body filling her with anticipation.
They began fumbling with each other's clothes like two nervous teenagers about to have sex for the first time.
In many ways, this seemed like the first time to Taylor. They had become only vaguely familiar strangers after twenty-five years apart. Others had entered and/or exited their lives since then. Promise had given way to careers, marriage, divorce, progeny, and the unsteady path of life's ups, downs, and unpredictability. There were no great expectations or promises this time around, only what the moment had given them.
Vaughn took off her necklace and pulled the turtleneck over her head, leaving Taylor with only her bra on above the waist. She stood almost frozen in place as he reached around and unhooked the bra, removed it, and exposed her breasts. Instinctively, Taylor put her arms across her chest, as though afraid of disappointing him.
He quietly opened her arms and gazed at Taylor's breasts diligently. "They're perfect," he declared without needing to draw on past reminiscences.
"Are they?" she asked unevenly.
"Yes." Vaughn met her eyes sincerely. He bent his head down and kissed one breast, reveling in its softness, then the other, and back again, this time centering on her nipples. Taylor closed her eyes and swallowed. The pleasure was exquisite enough to nearly make her scream.
When Vaughn looked at her, Taylor saw the raw desire in his eyes, matching her own. He drew her to him and they began to kiss ravenously, as if making up for long lost time. Vaughn's tongue tickled the roof of Taylor's mouth. She could taste him, and remembered his taste from another era. For a moment, she was lightheaded, as though being transported back to the place where it all began. Where he took her virginity. But she resurfaced to the present and the man she was kissing.
He pulled away from her, and Taylor's lips felt swollen from the passion of Vaughn's kiss. He began to hastily remove her skirt, while she undid his pants. Off came their shoes, then his shirt. Finally, they removed their underwear and both stood naked before one another like magnificent Greek statues.
Taylor marveled at the tightness of Vaughn's body after so many years. She gulped as she viewed his throbbing, thick hardness pointing toward her like an arrow.
For his part, Vaughn studied Taylor with all the intensity and fascination he could muster. She was still beautiful in every sense of the word and seemed to glow before him like a brilliant flash of light. He could barely control his desire to make love to her again. Yet he knew this was a brand new experience to be treasured on its own.
Vaughn grabbed a condom packet from his pants pocket, ripped it open, and slid it onto his erection in a flash. He watched as Taylor walked over to the bed and lay on the print quilt. Her body was postured teasingly and he wasted no time following her, wanting her like never before.
He climbed onto the bed and halfway atop her. He began to kiss her mouth and she returned the kiss in full, till they were hot and heavy again in reacquainting one another with a part of their history turned into the glorious moment at hand.
Taylor's mouth pushed against Vaughn's with a sense of desperation, so that their lips were flattened and glued together with warm moisture and hot desire. The kiss lasted for minutes, but it seemed like days and nights, as the passion and familiarity made each reluctant to pull away from the other and the spell they were caught under like a storm.
Taylor tried not to think about her husband as she embarked on this journey with the first man she loved. But there, in some corner of her brain, was the realization that she was being untrue to her marriage. Yet she felt as if a part of it had died, that which involved an intimate connection, causing Taylor to return to someone who did want her and made her want him.
When Vaughn lifted up, his ravenous eyes shone with such intensity that Taylor felt herself melting beneath them. He said in a sexy, low voice: "Just lie back and enjoy. I've waited twenty-five years for this. I want to give you everything you deserve."
When Taylor tried to speak, Vaughn put a finger to her lips and whispered: "Shhh..."
He lowered himself down to Taylor's feet and began to caress her toes and heels with magical hands like a masseuse. Taylor gasped, having forgotten how good this felt. She realized that Vaughn had remembered.
He kissed her toes, one after the other, sending electric shocks up Taylor's spine. She had read years ago about feet being an erogenous zone, which Vaughn had confirmed, but Paul had shown no such inclination. Now Taylor wondered just how much she had been deprived of in their relationship.
Vaughn turned his attention to her ankles and long legs, working his way up, gentle hands and hard lips, like climbing a ladder. All the while, Taylor watched, waited, and gritted her teeth with yielding and wanting.
He ran his nose and mouth along the inside of her thighs, tickling as much as enticing her. Still, Taylor grabbed at his broad shoulders to bring their bodies together, but Vaughn shook her off, seemingly determined to continue on his course of action. He brought his face between her legs, resting on the trimmed triangle of hair below her waist.
Taylor braced herself as Vaughn grabbed hold of her buttocks firmly and orally gratified her with his tongue. She nearly levitated from the sheer pleasure that he brought. She was wet and getting wetter with each passing moment.
Vaughn was emboldened by the sweet taste of Taylor and wanted more, as if to squelch a thirst a quarter of a century in the making. His face remained buried between her like a man possessed and, while Taylor tried to hold off, the long time since she'd had an orgasm made it impossible. She trembled with a moan that seemed to come from somewhere deep within, and felt her body quivering wildly. Vaughn continued to pleasure her, driving Taylor mad with the desire to have him inside her.
"Vaughn—" Taylor's voice wailed as she reacted to the prolonged climax.
Vaughn lifted his head in response. Their eyes locked in a final confirmation for continuing what neither of them was capable of preventing. He positioned himself between Taylor's splayed legs and she opened up to him, urging him on. She shuddered as Vaughn entered her swiftly with his fullness. Wrapping her legs around his hard buttocks, Taylor hung on as his powerful thrusts sent waves of electrified delight through her.
Joined in mouth-watering kisses, Taylor and Vaughn's bodies moved in perpetual unity, making love like old lovers with new beginnings. Taylor surprised herself when she reached another powerful orgasm. It was as if in the absence of anything resembling a sex life of late, she had built an orgasmic reservoir, just waiting to be released over and over again. She watched as a vein bulged in Vaughn's temple and his face contorted during a final burst of his body shuddering climax.
Afterward, as they lay side by side exhausted, Taylor found herself wondering if their lovemaking had been like this when they were young. Or was this a totally new experience in which old lovers were discovering each other essentially for the first time? It was something interesting to contemplate.
But something else was on Taylor's mind. Nothing could change the fact that she had just slept with someone other than her husband. A surge of guilt shot through her like a piercing bullet in this breach of trust. She wasn't prepared to deal with the consequences of such.
Now is definitely not the time for second thoughts and regrets, Taylor told herself.
Not as she lay in Vaughn's comforting arms, feeling as if she belonged there.
And knowing she didn't.

CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE

Taylor and Paul were at the Detroit Metro Airport waiting for Audra and Jessie, along with throngs of other families waiting for holiday passengers in this post nine-eleven era of precaution and extra scrutiny. It was the day before Thanksgiving, and Taylor was anxious to see her daughter for the first time since early summer. So much has changed since then, she thought. And so much had remained the same, for better or worse.
It had been five days since she had been intimate with Vaughn, and Taylor still wasn't sure how she felt about it. On the one hand, she didn't regret what they'd done and how it made her feel about herself. On the other hand, she was going through the "it-was-a-big-mistake" stage, wanting to put it all behind her.
She gazed up at Paul, who suddenly looked every bit his fifty-four years, and then some. His face showed the weariness of a man too long without sleep. He was wearing one of his typical wool suits that seemed too small for his size. Taylor wondered if the pressures of vying for the position as director of his department were getting to him. Or maybe she was seeing her husband in a whole new light, having never really thought about him being eight years older than she was or unable to face any challenges that came his way.
How will I face my own challenges? Taylor asked herself, knowing that it would be hard to go back to the feelings of unhappiness in her marriage before Vaughn had given her a reason to question everything that she thought was supposed to be.
Paul touched his glasses, frowning. "Are they ever going to show up or what?"
"I think so," Taylor responded, straining her eyes as huge crowds of passengers emerged. When she spotted a familiar, tall, slender young woman with long blonde hair approaching, Taylor smiled brightly. Paul saw Taylor smiling and followed her gaze to their daughter. Walking beside Audra was an even taller, well-built young man with short, black hair.
"Hey, you guys," Audra said, as a nervous grin flashed across her high-cheeked face. She had wispy bangs and her father's blue eyes. An inch taller than Taylor, Audra was wearing an unbuttoned navy blue jacket over a multicolored print shirt, leather pants, and dark brown ankle boots.
Taylor was the first to give her daughter a great big hug. "Welcome home, honey."
"Thanks, Mom. Glad to be here in cold Michigan." She hugged her father. "Hi, Dad."
"It's good to see you, Audra," Paul said warmly.
Audra glanced at the guy next to her and announced proudly: "This is Jessie..."
Though Taylor was a bit shocked that he was older than she'd imagined—maybe twenty-three or twenty-four—she tried hard not to show it. Although Audra had hinted that Jessie was more mature and sophisticated than most males she'd dated, Taylor had assumed it had more to do with his intelligence and experiences than age.
Jessie was wearing a dark gray jacket, maroon shirt, and jeans.
"Nice to finally meet you in person, Mrs. Holland," Jessie said with a British accent. He was grinning as he stuck out a long arm.
"Same here, Jessie," Taylor said, and reached out to shake his hand, only to be surprised when he gave her a firm hug instead.
"You too, Mr. Holland," Jessie said, holding out his hand.
Paul looked slightly uncomfortable, as if about to give a big speech before a skeptical audience, but still managed something resembling a smile as he shook Jessie's hand and said evenly: "Nice to meet you, Jessie."
Audra seemed to breathe a sigh of relief, as she adjusted her shoulder bag. "So, where's Gramps and Grandma?" Her eyes darted from Paul to Taylor.
"They won't be arriving until tomorrow afternoon," Paul said disappointedly. "It's hard for them to be away from home any longer than necessary."
Audra gave Taylor an exhausted look, and Taylor took this cue to put her arm around her daughter. "Let's go get your luggage and you can tell us all about the long trip across the pond."
Taylor decided that the Thanksgiving weekend was going to be interesting, if nothing else.
* * *
While the men slept, Taylor and Audra were up early for a morning run. It felt like old times for Taylor to have her daughter back to jog with, even if it was only temporary. She was happy to know that Audra had not abandoned the practice while abroad.
"So what do you and Dad really think about Jessie?" Audra asked. She glanced at Taylor as they ran side by side on the mostly empty campus, a light fog hanging in the air like smoke.
Taylor smiled. "We like him," she tried to assure her. "If you're asking if we're surprised that he's so much older than you, the answer is yes." She had to be honest.
Audra batted her eyes. "Uh, excuse me, but isn't Dad eight years older than you?"
"Yes," Taylor admitted, while thinking: And that may be part of the reason why we're having problems in our relationship and can't seem to connect anymore.
"Well, Jessie's only five years older than me," Audra pointed out. "That makes us three years closer in age than you and Dad, and you two seem to have done okay in your relationship."
Not as well as you might think, Taylor thought sadly. And certainly not as well as she would have liked. What concerned her was that the root of their troubles might have had less to do with age than different attitudes and philosophies.
Taylor certainly was not going to pass judgment based on age difference. Particularly since Audra had always seemed more mature than the other girls her age. It only stood to reason that she would be attracted to someone who was a little older.
"You're absolutely right," Taylor said, "five years is no big deal. Besides, you are your own woman now—even if I sometimes forget that—and I trust your judgment."
Audra smiled. "I'm glad you're okay with Jessie. I just hope that Gramps and Grandma like him, too."
"I'm sure they will," Taylor said. In truth, she doubted that Paul's parents would think anyone was good enough for their granddaughter. Much like they thought their daughter-in-law wasn't good enough for their son.
Taylor looked at Audra as they rounded a corner onto a maple tree lined street almost effortlessly. She had her hair tied up and was wearing a gray fleece suit that fit nicely on her svelte body.
"So, are things serious between you and Jessie?" Taylor decided to ask. How long had they been dating? Three...four months? Wasn't that too soon to fall in love these days?
Audra sighed, using the back of her hand to wipe moisture from her brow. "Yes and no," she answered. "We're both really into each other. But we don't want to rush things, as far as making declarations of love and getting married or anything. When, and if, the time comes to go down that road, I think we'll both know it—"
Taylor grinned. She was comforted to see how grown-up her daughter was compared to her when she was that age. If I only knew then what I know now, she thought. Maybe I would have waited before getting engaged to one man and, shortly thereafter, marrying another...perhaps prematurely.
They reached an area near the library. Taylor saw a bench and, taking Audra's hand, led her to it.
"Why are we stopping?" Audra asked. "Are you losing your step, Mom?"
"Not quite," Taylor told her. "I just want to talk to you before we head back. I thought this seemed like a perfect spot to chill for a few minutes."
They sat, and Taylor thought about what she would say. She knew that this was the right time to have a heart to heart with Audra about some things she probably should have told her before now.
"You're scaring me, Mom." Audra gazed at her with a frown. "There's nothing wrong with you or Dad that you've been keeping from me, is there?"
"Your father and I are fine," Taylor assured her, as far as she knew with respect to health. Their mental connection was a whole different story for another day. She sucked in a deep breath and faced her daughter. "I never told you much about my life before I met your father. I suppose there was never a reason to that I could think of. Maybe now there is..."
Audra looked unnerved as she waited for her mother to speak.
Taylor was shaking on the inside, though her voice remained calm. "I was engaged to a man when I was twenty-one—"
Audra's head snapped back with astonishment. "Really...?"
"Yes," Taylor said pensively. "We met right here on campus when I was twenty. He was the most handsome and hippest guy I'd ever met, and I quickly fell for him. We just meshed on all levels—"
"So what happened?" Audra's shock seemed to give way to her curiosity.
This part was harder for Taylor to express without crying. "We broke up three months into the engagement," she responded painfully, as though it had happened only yesterday. "I was devastated, but I guess he was less ready to get married than I was in the final analysis. Then, five years later, I met your father."
"Wow," was all Audra could muster. "Guess I just never imagined that you...I mean, it was always you and Dad that seemed so, well, perfect for each other. Like forever..."
I thought so too at one time, Taylor told herself. But she knew now that their marriage was far from perfect. Whether it could survive was anyone's guess, though she hoped that for Audra's sake they could at least find a way to settle their differences.
"I suppose that different people can be right for us at different times in our lives," said Taylor, hoping to downplay any suggestion that her marriage was in trouble. She took a short breath before saying: "I saw him—his name is Vaughn Mitchell—for the first time in twenty-five years when I was in New York."
"You did?" Audra looked like she was on pins and needles at this revelation.
"Yes, it was for one of those TV reunion reality shows," explained Taylor without going into details. "I was invited, and it seemed like a fun idea to see what he was doing after all these years."
Audra widened her eyes with some misgiving. "And Dad was okay with it?"
Taylor favored her with nonchalance, though her heart was beating rapidly. "Why wouldn't he be?" she said squarely. "It's not like I was leaving your father for Vaughn. It was just one of those once in a lifetime opportunities to make peace with one of the most difficult yet rewarding periods of my life."
"And did you...?" Audra asked.
Taylor considered the question, knowing she could not elaborate, especially since the process was still ongoing. "Yes, I think so," she said simply. She took Audra's hand and looked into her eyes. "I just want to tell you that I'm very proud of you, honey, and how you've handled your life thus far. And I want you to know that you're allowed to make mistakes along the way. We all are. It's part of growing up and becoming the person you're meant to be."
"Thanks, Mom," Audra said emotionally. She reached over and hugged her mother warmly.
"Love you," Taylor uttered.
"Love you, too."
Taylor's eyes watered and she blinked back tears, unsure if they were tears for her daughter or tears for herself. She pulled away, smiling. "I think we'd better get back. I have a feeling there are probably two hungry men who won't be able to wait till Thanksgiving dinner to eat."
They stood and soon were running again, though Taylor wondered if she was running to or away from her life, as she knew it.

CHAPTER THIRTY

Vaughn had Thanksgiving dinner at an Italian restaurant in downtown Chicago. He was never good at eating alone on holidays and passed up the opportunity to join Nicole, his ex, and her current husband for a big Thanksgiving feast. He didn't need to be reminded that he'd spent a good part of his life with a woman he probably never should have been with, and who had moved on with apparently more success than he had.
Instead, Vaughn found himself sitting across the table from Joy, who also had nothing better to do and no one to do it with. They had finished their salads and moved onto the main course.
Truthfully, he would have much rather been spending the holiday dining with Taylor, but Vaughn had faced the reality that it wasn't in the cards. In spite of their renewed intimacy—which may or may not happen again—he wasn't fooling himself. The green-eyed lady still belonged to another man and had Thanksgiving plans that didn't include a past or even present lover.
Vaughn took a bite of his chicken piccata and washed it down with wine.
"I hope it's not the company that's got you looking like you just lost your best friend," Joy hummed, her mouth turned down in a pout.
Vaughn blinked, and looked at her. "No, it's not the company." He tried to smile, but frowned instead.
"So what has you so down in the dumps on what's supposed to be a day for giving thanks?" she asked.
He started to deny that he was down, but since it was obvious, Vaughn responded candidly: "It has nothing to do with you, Joy. I guess I'm just questioning the choices I've made in my life, and wishing I'd made wiser ones..."
"Such as?"
He put down his fork. "Let's see. Where do I start?"
She arched a brow. "Any place you want. I'm not going anywhere..."
Vaughn summarized what he was sure he'd already told her at one time or another, finishing with a new but straightforward twist. "I'm in love, Joy—"
"But not with me?" she asked.
Vaughn stuck his fork in a green bean, before meeting her eyes. "No, it's someone else," he said.
Joy stared at him expressionless. "Well, it's not like I didn't see this coming." She sipped her wine and wrinkled her nose. "Anyone I know? And please don't tell me it's your ex-wife you're still pining for."
Not for a Windy City minute, Vaughn told himself. "It's a woman I knew in college," he said.
Joy furrowed her brow. "So how long have you felt this way?"
Vaughn stared at the question, wondering how to respond, and if he even knew the answer. Then it hit him, as if he'd finally come to terms with what he knew to be true. "Twenty-five years," he said.
Joy actually seemed relieved. "That's a long time. The canary that got away, huh?"
"Yeah, something like that."
Vaughn thought about seeing Taylor again on Forever Sweethearts and the way he'd felt when they made love again. He'd known then what they'd once had was just as real today, as if time had merely captured and held onto their love, waiting for the right moment to come back to the surface.
At least for him.
"She must be pretty special for you to carry the torch for so long," Joy told him.
Vaughn ate the green bean while contemplating the true meaning of pretty special.
"I think she is," he admitted.
"So why the hell are you sitting here with me instead of her?" Joy asked, batting her brown eyes with disapproval.
"It's complicated."
She peered at him. "Isn't everything in life complicated? If you're waiting for things to get uncomplicated, Vaughn, you might be waiting for another twenty-five years. Then you'll probably be too old to care."
He grinned. "Good point." If only he could resolve the issues with the stroke of a magic wand. I can't make Taylor's life magically go away just because I wish she was here with me, he thought. He did appreciate the message, however.
Gazing across the table at Joy, who was barely eating her food now, Vaughn said sincerely: "You're a damn good friend, Joy." He hoped they would always be friends, even though his heart belonged with another.
Vaughn went home alone that night. He settled into his study and turned on the computer. There was an e-mail from Taylor waiting for him.
A surge of anticipation filled Vaughn as he opened it and began to read...
* * *
Dear Vaughn:
Hope you're having a nice Thanksgiving. Did you spend time with your daughter?
My Thanksgiving has been quite hectic. Our daughter and her boyfriend came, which was a story in and of itself, along with Paul's parents. Needless to say, it's been an interesting mix of three generations.
Thus far, we've managed to keep from bumping heads too much, knock on wood. I picked up a prepared turkey and dressing dinner from the store, deciding to take the easy way out instead of spending all my time in the kitchen trying to cook for six. However, I did make a sweet potato pie at my daughter's urging. That's her favorite dessert at this time of year.
Audra and Jessie, the boyfriend, leave for England on Saturday morning. Paul's parents will be flying back to Kentucky on Sunday afternoon.
Well, better get back to playing hostess.
Miss you.
Taylor
* * *
Vaughn wasted little time writing Taylor back, feeling almost like he was twenty-two again in doing so...
* * *
Dear Taylor:
Sounds like you had a busy Thanksgiving. Mine was pretty uneventful. I went to an Italian restaurant instead of cooking for myself or getting together with Nicole and my ex and the current man in her life.
To tell you the truth, I would have rather spent the day and night with you. But I understand the difficulty in that from your end.
I miss you too, and want to see you again. Just say the word and I'll come so we can hang out or in...
I want you to know that this is for real with me. I hope you feel the same way...no matter what's in store for us.
Thoughtfully yours,
Vaughn
* * *
He reread it and then sent it off. He looked forward to hearing back from Taylor and, hopefully, getting together again soon with her. Vaughn had no idea how it would end up between them, but he believed that fate had something to do with their initial meeting and coming full circle twenty-five years later. He had no intention of letting history repeat itself. Not if he could help it.
Of course, it wasn't all up to him, was it? This time it was Taylor who would ultimately decide whether or not they made it work for the long run. Or if their reunion, in the biblical sense, was only meant to be short-lived.

CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE

They met again the first week of December. This time Vaughn suggested they meet at Akers Hall—or East Akers to be precise—the dormitory where they first met more than a quarter of a century earlier. Though Taylor had been reluctant to be seen together in a place where current students lived and attended classes, she let down her guard after Vaughn assured her it would simply be a walk through or a walk down memory lane. He reasoned that to the naked eye they would appear to be two professors or even parents who went virtually unnoticed. Surely no one would suspect that it was their way of reconnecting further with the two coeds they left behind long ago.
Before that, it had been Taylor's desire that she go directly to Vaughn's room at the Kellogg Center. It was her hope that this would decrease the risk of detection, though Taylor still considered it unlikely she would run into someone she knew at the hotel, least of all Paul.
But that hadn't stopped her from being consumed with worry. She had treated this affair as if they were spies, exchanging top secrets that could jeopardize national security and world peace.
As she walked into Akers Hall, Taylor wondered if real spies felt any more confusion over what was right and wrong.
Vaughn greeted her like a casual acquaintance, his face breaking into an amused smile. He was wearing a gray knit shirt and black khakis. It was perhaps the first time since they were young that Taylor saw Vaughn exactly the way she remembered him from yesteryear: handsome, cool, confident, and sexy as hell.
She thought it was very appropriate, as she felt like they had stepped back in time inside the dorm.
"Nice to see you," he said evenly.
"You, too," she said, trying to keep her voice from shaking.
Vaughn surveyed her from head to toe, making Taylor feel like she was on display for him. She was wearing an unbuttoned dark gray wool and cashmere coat, plum-colored column dress, and classic black leather pumps. She wore just enough makeup to enhance her features, including a thin coating of rose-colored cream lipstick on her mouth. Her jewelry consisted of small gold hoop earrings.
"As always, you look absolutely stunning," he said, deliberately keeping his voice down.
She blushed like a schoolgirl, knowing that such compliments were far and few in between from her husband.
"Look who's talking," she whispered, marveling at him. She loved his cologne—a spicy, woodsy scent—making him all the more irresistible.
He grinned coolly. "Shall we walk?"
She nodded. "Yes, I think that would be a good idea."
They headed down the hallway as students passed on either side in both directions, seemingly far too involved with their lives to pay much attention to a couple of forty-something lovers.
"Seem like old times?" Vaughn asked.
"Yes...and no," Taylor admitted thoughtfully.
"Same here," Vaughn said. "I can see the late seventies coming into focus, but I'm also acutely aware that we've moved into the twenty-first century."
"I feel the same way," Taylor told him. She loved the thought of them reliving their pasts. But accepting the present that brought them back together was perhaps even more important.
Before they knew it, the short and nostalgic trip into their history was over. They both got in their cars and headed over to the Kellogg Center, where Taylor followed Vaughn up to his room.
There, they wasted little time in pursing their passion for each other.
Vaughn kissed her long and hard. "You're so sweet tasting," he said smoothly.
"Hmm..." Taylor uttered, savoring the taste of his mouth. She kissed him again, and a twinge of desire made her quiver with anticipation. It was a desire that grew with each passing moment.
Ignoring doubts about what she was doing and why, Taylor took Vaughn's hand and led him to the bedroom.
She removed all of his clothes first, admiring the hardness of Vaughn's body, before she let him take off her clothes. This time, she felt no shame exposing herself to his focused eyes, knowing that he enjoyed the sight of her.
Momentarily, Taylor became lost in the man, his smell, his breathing, his obvious desire for her. And, once again, it seemed as if the entire world revolved around just the two of them like it had so many years ago.
Is that so wrong? she wondered.
It had been once before.
Only now the complications involved others. But, for now, Taylor only wanted the comfort Vaughn provided her and the closeness she felt when she was with him.
They spent the next two hours making love and lusting after one another.
Vaughn was now a more patient, gentle, and thorough lover than the young man Taylor had first given herself to. It was obvious to her that with age and wisdom he had gained sexual maturity and a greater appreciation of what it took to satisfy a woman.
Had she been able to equally come of age in satisfying him? Taylor could only wonder as they tried different positions and different angles, as if to experience as many ways of satisfying each other as possible.
With Paul, sex had been fairly simplistic and straightforward. What little variety they tried had died and been buried long ago. Maybe inexperience and lack of sexuality had worked against her in her own marriage. Or perhaps her husband had not worked hard enough to bring to the surface her latent sexual self.
Taylor wondered if that had somehow played a part in her infidelity. Had she needed more than she realized in and out of bed? Something that her husband wouldn't or couldn't deliver?
She believed it was more likely that with Vaughn she had merely rediscovered what had been lost of herself in the black hole of time.
Vaughn gasped sharply when Taylor took him into her mouth. She watched with envy and delight as he shuddered with each stroke of her tongue. She felt more powerful and feminine than she had in sometime. These things had definitely been absent with Paul. Vaughn wanted her in ways Paul never had, and probably never would.
And Vaughn had made her want him every bit as much.
Taylor clutched the sheets and bit down hard on her lower lip as Vaughn brought her to orgasm with his mouth and tongue. When he continued to orally pleasure her, she completely lost it, so exquisite were the feelings. Taylor grabbed Vaughn's head and held it in place while she greedily succumbed to the sensations that enveloped her like a warm blanket.
Later, she climaxed again as they pounded against each other like battering rams—the bed shaking beneath them nonstop.
Finally, they came together in one great wave of delirium, their moans and groans almost musical, their breathing labored, and their bodies tied up in knots.
"I told my daughter about you for the first time," Taylor said softly, still very much caught up in the exhilaration of the moment. Her head rested on Vaughn's chest as they lay there naked, their skin damp from the intensity of their intimacy.
"Is that so?" Vaughn said with interest. "What did you tell her?"
"Only that we were engaged once and then reunited after twenty-five years on a reality TV show."
"How did she react?"
Taylor ran her fingers along his thigh, getting a reaction. "She was surprised, of course, never imagining that there might have been someone else in my life before her father."
Vaughn wished to hell that he had stayed in Taylor's life before another man could come along and create his own history with her. But what was done was done. He could only look to the future and what he could take from the current time they had together.
"I suppose that would've thrown her for a loop," he said thoughtfully.
He never bothered to ask why she hadn't mentioned him before to her daughter. Why should she have, after he walked out of her life as though it meant nothing to him? What was left to say that hadn't already been said in expressing his deep regret?
"She's okay with it," Taylor said happily, while thinking: At least as far as my previous involvement with him. The present situation might be another matter altogether.
Taylor looked up at Vaughn. "How much does your daughter know about us?"
"Not much," he admitted. "Only that you were someone very special to me in another lifetime."
"I guess both our daughters would be in for a rude awakening if they could see us now in this lifetime," Taylor surmised.
Vaughn smiled shamelessly. "Can't argue with that."
"Audra's boyfriend is British," Taylor said, shifting the subject. "And he's almost as handsome as you are."
Vaughn grinned. "Guess the apple really doesn't fall too far from the tree when it comes to recognizing the good looking guys from the rest," he said.
Taylor laughed and playfully hit him. "I think it's less about heredity and more about having the courage to follow our instincts, no matter where they may lead...and with whom—"
Vaughn detected a shift in Taylor's expression, and knew that she had mixed feelings about her instincts then and now. He felt the same way, only his instincts and purpose were clearer than ever this time around.
"Well, I'm happy for your daughter and I hope things work out for them," he said.
Taylor put her hand on Vaughn's chest, feeling his accelerated heartbeat, while thinking: I have faith in my daughter's judgment, maybe better than I do my own.
She gazed up at him and asked curiously: "What do you remember about the very first time we made love, Vaughn?"
"Everything," he claimed, and kissed her head and face.
Taylor raised a brow. "Everything," she repeated and chuckled. "As I recall, there wasn't much to remember. Things seemed to come and go pretty quickly."
Vaughn groaned as if she'd punched him hard in the stomach. "Blame it on being horny as hell and wanting you like you wouldn't believe," he laughed. "I think we still had a good time in the process." He faced her warily. "At least I know I did—"
"You would," Taylor teased him. "I'm not sure I would have known then if I'd had an orgasm or not," she said diplomatically. "I do know that it made me happy just being with you."
"I felt the same way—and still do," Vaughn said. He lifted her chin and planted a deep kiss on her mouth.
"I believe you," she said, her lips stinging from the kiss.
"What is it they say? The more things change, the more they remain the same." He kissed her again.
Taylor sighed. "I'm not sure how much of any of this is the same," she said honestly. "We're both twenty-five years older and, hopefully, wiser—"
Taylor questioned just how wise it was to be having an affair with a man who had virtually left her standing at the altar twenty-five years ago. Had she not learned anything insofar as history repeating itself for all its mistakes and regrets?
Vaughn ran a hand through Taylor's hair, finding it even more appealing when it was a bit tousled. He decided the cut was more fitting for the Taylor today than the locks that went down her back in college. He could feel the patter of his erratic heart, which matched the fire in his soul where it concerned Taylor, who had the body and sex appeal of a woman half her age.
He looked at her solemnly and said: "I'm smart enough to know that I never should have let you go."
"You're right, you shouldn't have," Taylor agreed, a slice of past bitterness creeping up her spine. "But we can't go back, can we?" Even before the words left her mouth, she knew that they were doing their best to do just that.
Vaughn concurred. "Nothing says we can't try." As if to emphasize the point, he kissed her right nipple.
"How about trying a little harder?" she cajoled him, surprised that after their marathon sex there was still some gasoline left in her engine...and it was roaring to go.
Vaughn grinned and, without uttering another word, kissed Taylor's other nipple, staying with it as if his life was on the line. She simply closed her eyes and enjoyed the stirring sensations.
Soon they were making love again, this time as intense as the last, if that were possible. Taylor had found energy and resilience that she didn't know she had. Vaughn had proven to be equally capable, and then some.
The fact that they were both pushing fifty seemed of little consequence in their ability to exercise their bodies almost effortlessly and relentlessly, as if trying to prove something to each other, if not the rest of the world.
After a lingering climax together, Vaughn whispered loud enough so that his words would not be mistaken: "I love you, Taylor... And I always have—"
Taylor didn't respond, but the same thought occurred to her about him.
Only she was too scared and things were too complicated to admit it—not even to herself.

CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO

There was a Christmas card waiting for Taylor in her mailbox at school. There was no return address on the bright green envelope, but the address label had her name printed on it. She waited till she got to her office before opening it.
It was from Vaughn. In addition to the card, there was a small envelope inside. Taylor held onto it while reading the card's printed verse. On the side of the card, Vaughn had written:
* * *
Hello, darling:
You know I had to send you a Christmas card. I'd be lying if I didn't admit that I wish we could spend Christmas together this year like once upon a time back in the day. Who knows, maybe next year we can. Or am I reading too much into our intimate adventure and the obvious kindred spirit between us?
It wasn't lost on me that I never heard you say the words back that you're in love with me. Maybe I have enough love for both of us. Or maybe you're just not at that point yet. I'm willing to wait it out as long as it takes unless you tell me to back off.
Inside the envelope you'll find a little Christmas memento from years past. Thought you might like it. Maybe you'll tuck it somewhere in the back of your photo album.
Merry Christmas, Taylor!
Love, Vaughn
* * *
Taylor's heart was racing as she considered Vaughn's words of endearment, "darling" and "love." Both spoke of his feelings and her own, even if she wasn't quite ready to go down that slippery slope.
She opened the envelope. Inside was an old, but fairly clear, Polaroid picture of Vaughn and her from their college days. They were looking into the camera, complete with red-eyed, deer-in-the-headlights stares, toothy smiles, loads of hair, and dorky clothes that would have Audra roaring with laughter, as though coming face to face with two hip young people from the Stone Age.
The photograph looked as if it had been taken at a nightclub. Taylor realized she couldn't remember the picture ever being taken.
Why can't I remember? she wondered. Had her memory begun to fail her after all these years? Maybe her head had been elsewhere at the time—like being focused more on the guy she was with than the person behind the camera.
Still, that begged the question: Why had Vaughn kept the photo for so long?
Did he have an inkling that they might one day reunite? It was something she had never considered, as if the odds seemed too long and the history too damaged to do so.
Taylor wondered if Vaughn had accidentally discovered the photo and meant to throw it away a long time ago. Or had he held onto it simply so he could remember them together for what it was worth at the time?
She turned the photograph over. Scrawled on the back in smeared blue ink were the words: "Vaughn and Taylor at the Rainbow Ranch, February 1978."
Tears formed in Taylor's eyes, then streaked down her cheeks as she looked again at the barely recognizable people in the picture.
She looked so young.
He looked so young.
They both looked so in love. With each other.
Where have the years gone? Taylor asked herself fretfully. And why had they come back, almost as if fatefully, along with all the raw emotions and reservations from the first time around?
"Oh, Vaughn," she said out loud, dabbing at the tears that spoke of her confusion and hope, "what are you doing to me? To us...?"
* * *
When Taylor got home, she found three more Christmas cards in the mailbox. One was from Paul's parents. There was a folded letter inside with the words "To Paul" written on the outside in his mother's handwriting. Though tempted, Taylor did not read the letter, as it was clearly not intended for her eyes.
But that didn't stop her from imagining what Florence Holland might have said to her son. Paul, we love Audra to death, but you still would've been better off if you hadn't married Taylor. She's never really fit in with our family. Perhaps you can see this more clearly now.
Maybe he can, Taylor thought. Maybe they both could.
Perhaps Paul's lack of affection and desire to go beyond that was an indication of how far apart they were these days.
Maybe I would be better off without him, she told herself. Do I really want to be where I don't seem to be wanted?
Taylor wondered if she was being fair to Paul. Or was she simply trying to justify an affair that might have been far more about the past than the present or future?
She put the card on the mantel with the note tucked inside sticking out slightly so Paul wouldn't inadvertently knock it to the floor or otherwise miss it.
The second card she opened was from Audra. The front of it was a charming picture of Oxford University in the winter. Inside, Audra had written her own Christmas verse and added a note, which read:
* * *
Hey, Mom and Dad,
Hope you're not getting snowed in yet.
We had a great time visiting for Thanksgiving. Jessie's still talking about his first trip across the pond and how you guys really made him feel at home. He even enjoyed talking with Gramps, which has to mean something good.
Our future is still up in the air, but we're sure having a good time sorting things out in the interim!
Wish I were there to spend Christmas and New Year's with you. But I'm sure you'll get along fine without your sassy daughter there to remind you that she's no longer twelve with skinned knees and an attitude that you can spoil rotten. Maybe you'll choose this Christmas to finally spoil each other.
Merry Christmas!
Love, Audra
* * *
Taylor smiled as she read the card again, then she frowned when she realized there was little reason to believe that Christmas was enough to repair what had increasingly appeared to be irreparable in her marriage. Especially when she and Paul seemed to be at odds on how to fix things, or even if there was something wrong to fix. She worried that pretending everything was fine just to spare Audra any hurt might do more harm than good in the long run.
Taylor looked at the last Christmas card and saw that it was from Monica Emerson, which struck her as somewhat odd, since it was sent to their home. On the other hand, she thought, it was not uncommon for either of them to get cards from students sent or handed to them at school.
Monica's handwritten note on the inside of the card thanked Taylor and Paul for their classes this semester and claimed they had helped her much more than she had expected. She said they really made a cool couple and that she hoped to be as evenly matched with someone one day.
Taylor wondered what made Monica think she and Paul were such a cool, evenly matched couple simply because they were married and they both happened to teach classes at the same college. How could anyone make such an observation with such limited information to work with?
Taylor realized that she had also been guilty of presuming happiness and perfection of married people she knew merely on the basis of outward appearances and occupational common ground. Why should Monica be any different? Or, for that matter, Audra, who believed that her parents walked on water and seemed perfect for each other.
Taylor only wished that she and Paul were half as connected as they would have others believe. But the reality was they were more disconnected than ever under the guise of normalcy, contentment and, at least for one of them, denial.

CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE

It was just after seven when Paul got home. Instead of his usual hello and occasional peck on Taylor's cheek, as if greeting a friend, he went straight to their office, slamming the door behind him. This was supposed to be the day when Paul would learn whether or not he would be offered the job as director of the School of Criminal Justice.
Apparently things hadn't gone as planned.
Hoping to supply some cheer, she grabbed the card and note from the mantel and headed down the hall to the closed door of the office. She put her ear to the door, as if she could somehow hear what was going on inside his head.
Taylor debated about whether or not to give Paul some time alone and decided he needed to get whatever was bothering him off his chest. She knocked on the door once, hesitantly. Twice. After no response, she gingerly clutched the doorknob and opened the door.
Wearing a new navy suit he had bought for the occasion, Paul was slouched in his desk chair staring at a landscape painting of Oxfordshire on the wall like it held the answer to the riddles of the sphinx.
"We got your parents' card today," Taylor said in an upbeat tone.
"Great," he mumbled. Paul didn't turn to face her and his profile was glum.
She put the card on the desk in front of him and said: "Your mother included a letter for you." She paused, and then added defensively, "I didn't read it."
Paul glared at her. "You could have," he said. "I doubt what she had to say was the world's best kept secret."
Taylor lifted a brow, ignoring his comment. "Guess it didn't go so well today, huh?"
He shifted his eyes dolefully away from her, while muttering: "They offered the position to someone in the department...and she gladly accepted. Damn her and damn them!"
Taylor inched closer to him. "Did you have any inkling that this other person was a serious contender?" He must have known, she thought. There were usually a number of candidates vying for the director openings, both within and outside the department.
Paul yanked off his glasses. "I was led to believe the directorship was mine for the taking," he said sharply. "But then, in an eleventh hour move, Bonnie Vandermill's name popped up. Apparently, the committee liked her credentials better than mine. And, just like that, it was over."
Taylor could smell alcohol on his breath. Paul rarely drank, outside of a glass or two of wine with dinner and an occasional drink at functions. He had clearly made an exception in this case in order to drown his sorrows.
For once, Taylor didn't know what to say to ease his pain. "What did they say to you?" she finally asked.
Paul sighed raggedly. "That I was too valuable in my present capacity to be appointed director of the department." He cursed again. "That's a load of crap."
Feeling like a mother comforting her injured child, Taylor walked up behind him and put her arms around his neck. "It's not the end of the world, Paul," she said gently. "I'm sure there will be other opportunities—"
He shot to his feet, practically knocking Taylor backwards. "You just don't get it, do you?" he roared. "This was my damned chance and they took it away from me. I'm fifty-four years old, Taylor! Do you think they're going to want a sixty- or seventy-year-old man the next time the position comes available? That's not how it works. If you're over fifty, they treat you like you're an incompetent bastard!"
Taylor realized there were no words that could ease the tremendous disappointment he felt. She had never seen Paul so angry, especially over a position that he had not even expressed interest in until recently. Could there be more to this than he's telling me? Taylor wondered. Or was he simply overreacting?
"You're not incompetent, Paul," she told him firmly. "If you're really dissatisfied with your job, why not try to get on at a college somewhere else? I'm sure other criminal justice departments would love to have a man with your expertise running the program."
What am I saying? Taylor asked herself. Was she prepared to leave MSU, East Lansing, and their home? And move where? she thought.
For some reason, Chicago crossed her mind.
Bad idea, she mused, even if Taylor imagined she could likely find another teaching position there. Relocating to the Windy City with her husband, where her lover lived, was not an option. Was it?
Paul squelched her concerns when he said, as if Taylor had slapped some sense into him: "Tenured professors cannot simply walk away, even if they want to." He put his glasses back on and actually tried to form something akin to a smile with his lips. "Don't worry about it. I was just letting off some steam. I'll get over it," he said. "I'd never want to leave Michigan State or East Lansing, for that matter." Almost as an afterthought, he asked: "Would you...?"
Taylor met his eyes. "No," she responded tonelessly, "I don't think I would." Inside, a voice was telling her that anything was possible, if the end justified the means.

CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR

It was two days before Christmas and most of the staff and professors were already gone for the rest of the year. Taylor had come to her office on campus to pick up some things and use the computer while Paul worked at home, preparing the text for a symposium he was attending in early January. She tried to talk to him about their problems but, as usual, he pushed her away in favor of work and anything else that could serve as an excuse to avoid the issues.
Taylor believed this was the core of their predicament—lack of communication. Along with seemingly drifting in separate directions with no end in sight, she thought.
It was this sad fact that had her away from home at a time when loved ones were supposed to be together sharing the spirit of Christmas. Maybe even the love part of our lives is dying, Taylor told herself. Certainly the sex part had all but died and been buried.
She was left to wonder if they even had anything left worth saving.
Sitting at her computer, Taylor sent electronic Christmas cards to Audra and Jeanne. Then she wrote Vaughn, happy that they had continued exchanging e-mails, in spite of seeing each other at opportune times. She really enjoyed their rapport, though she had no idea how long it would last. She only knew that right now Vaughn was her comfort zone, just as he had once been in another lifetime.
She read over the text of the letter, editing it along the way so that its final version read:
* * *
Dear Vaughn:
Thank you so much for the card and the lovely photo. Where in the world did you dig that up? Are you a pack rat who saves everything from the last twenty-five years? Or did you save this picture in particular?
I can't believe how young we both look and with so much hair!!! And how about those mod clothes? Were we "groovy" or what? I can actually remember when I first bought that leather jacket. I had to bribe my mother, but it was well worth it. And your print disco shirt was totally seventies and a good fit!
On another note, Paul was recently passed over for a job at the college he suddenly decided he desperately wanted and he's been in a funk ever since. I feel badly for him, but since he keeps shutting me out, I'm not sure what I can do to help him, if anything.
Worse, I feel guilty knowing that I'm cheating on him and not really regretting it. I don't really know what to make of us being together again—at least in the carnal sense—only that it feels like it was part of the plan laid out long ago that has now come to fruition.
I am concerned about one thing. You said you were in love with me. Are you sure about that? I've heard it all before, and it makes me think back to when we came to the fork in the road of our relationship after you kissed Rosemary Delfino.
You haven't mentioned very much about the lady who, until recently, you said you "had been seeing off and on." What exactly does that mean? Is it still on? Are you cheating on her with me? Does she even know about me?
I realize that things are different between us now. And since I'm married, though unhappily, it certainly doesn't give me the right to expect you to be exclusive. I guess I just want us to be up front about everything so neither of us has any unrealistic expectations of what's going on between us.
Further, it occurred to me that though I know you (and once knew you) fairly well, I know very little about your personal or professional life today. Perhaps you'd care to share a bit more of this with me.
Have a Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, Vaughn! Will you be spending the holidays with your daughter? Ex-wife? Or perhaps the "off and on" woman?
Taylor
P.S. You should be receiving a Christmas card that I sent to your office after I realized I didn't have your home address.
* * *
Taylor received an e-mail reply to her message on Christmas Eve. She accessed her account at home, while Paul was showering after spending more than an hour on the exercise bike. Her fingers were shaking as she opened Vaughn's message...
* * *
Hello, green eyes:
Hope you open this e-mail before Christmas or at least before New Year's...
I'm sending it from Atlanta, where I'm doing some business. Unfortunately, the corporate world never takes a holiday. As it is, with no one to come home to for Christmas, I welcomed the opportunity to work.
The photo: I thought you'd get a kick out of it. Certainly brings back memories. Even with less hair, you hardly look like you've aged a day since then, and I mean that sincerely! And, yes, we were cool with our fashion statement clothes.
As for where I "dug up" the picture, it didn't take much digging. Since it's the only picture I remember of us taken together, I've always kept it where I could find it for whenever I wanted to see you and remember the good old days (you were the best part of them).
No, I'm definitely not a pack rat. In fact, when Irene and I split up, I practically took little more than the shirt on my back and a toothbrush. And, of course, the photograph of us.
Sorry to hear about your husband's job woes. Happens to the best of us. Believe me I've been there. At least he has something to fall back on.
And someone.
Yes, I'm sure that what I feel for you is genuine love and not a figment from a past life. I hope in time you'll forget about Rosemary Delfino and my monumental error in judgment and focus on the present...and what you may feel for me today.
The woman I had told you about seeing off and on is now off for good, as far as anything other than a platonic friendship. Her name is Joy. We stopped sleeping together before I started making love to you again.
Yes, she knows about you. I told her you were my first and probably my only real love. She was far more understanding than I expected. She thought it was really sweet and romantic that you and I were seeing each other again like old times. I left out the part about you being married. I didn't want to spoil her fantasy. Or mine either, for that matter.
No, I won't be spending the holidays with my daughter and certainly not with my ex-wife. Irene will be in Barbados with husband number two. He's a dentist, so she gets her teeth cleaned for free these days. He's also eight years her junior and looks even younger. But if he makes Irene happy, and he seems to, then I'm happy for her.
Nicole will also be occupied. She's living with her boyfriend, a premed student at the University of Southern California and an aspiring actor. The last I heard, they were using the school break to go skiing in Aspen.
Joy will be spending Christmas with her children and their children. She invited me over for the big family gathering, but I declined. I'd just be in the way. Besides, I wasn't much in the mood to be where I didn't really want to be.
Don't feel sorry for me, though. I'll use the time to do neglected chores at home and maybe even catch up on my reading. In between all this, I'll be thinking about you and wishing you were here (or I was there), as long as we were together.
So you want to know more about my professional life. Well, I make a pretty damned good living playing corporate attorney and doing whatever is necessary to make clients happy, as long as it doesn't break or even bend the law. We've had enough corporate malfeasance in recent times to go around. If you want more details, I'll be happy to provide them face to face.
If you asked me what I wanted for Christmas...or the New Year, it would be, in a word, YOU! Or at least to be able to spend more time with you, in and out of bed, doing whatever makes you happy that is missing in your life.
But that's probably asking too much. Or is it...?
Incidentally, I received your card three days ago. It was lovely just like you!
My home address is: 6395 Cascade Drive, Chicago, IL 60605. You're welcome to visit anytime you like.
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, Taylor!
Love, Vaughn
P.S. For the record, what we have is exclusive. At least from my end.
* * *
Christmas had come and gone when Taylor wrote Vaughn an "old fashioned" letter by hand. It was the morning of New Year's Eve and Paul had gone to the store for some snacks he planned to devour during the New Year's Day college football TV lineup, the one time during the year when Paul allowed himself to be mesmerized by the sport.
Taylor had never particularly cared much for football. Not even when she was a high school cheerleader or when she attended MSU Spartans games as a student simply because it was practically a school requirement.
She reread the letter one last time while trying to remember the last time she actually penned one:
* * *
Dear Vaughn,
I'd almost forgotten what it's like to "write" a real letter. Yet somehow it feels right. They should have had computers, e-mail, and the Internet years ago. Can you imagine all the time (not to mention money) people of our generation and earlier could have saved and put to better use.
Glad you received my Christmas card. I bought it at a local Hallmark store and it seemed to really convey the true meaning of the holiday season.
Though you asked me not to, I do feel sorry for you that you spent Christmas alone and not with someone who cares for you. Hopefully, you and your daughter were at least able to connect via phone or online.
Thanks for filling me in about Joy, Irene, and, yes, even chiding me about Rosemary Delfino. Maybe it is time to finally put her to rest once and for all and focus on the present.
Regarding Joy, I have to confess that I feel a little guilty knowing that I came between you and her (much like Rosemary once came between us, and this is the last I will mention her, I promise). It was certainly not something I planned to do. Joy must be a special lady to step aside and still be your friend. If you should ever decide the two of you might have a future if not for me, please say so and I'll give up the small part of you I have. It would be very difficult, but only fair under the circumstances.
I admit that I feel a bit giddy and very flattered that it's me you want for Christmas or the New Year, if you could have your wish come true. I think a good part of me would like the same thing, with you as my gift. Actually, you already are, if only part-time, but I'm grateful nonetheless.
Of course, the other part of me is still grounded in the real world—or my real world—which includes being married to Paul and being the mother of a young adult daughter who thinks that her parents are near perfect and would, no doubt, be devastated if we separated. I'm not sure if I feel the same way anymore, or if even Paul would be all that broken up about it. Sometimes he certainly doesn't seem to care if I'm around or not, unless it's just my imagination.
I wish I could tell you that things will be different in the future between me and Paul, or me and you, but I just don't know. I'm confused about exactly what it is that I feel for you and the man I've been married to for nearly twenty years. I do know that you have filled a void in my life and I don't want to give that up, even though I can promise you no more than what we have at the moment.
I'm crying now. Sorry. I get this way every now and then. Especially when I think about the ups and downs, past and present, regrets and uncertainties that have a way of dictating our very existence. I suppose I wish I had a crystal ball that could tell me which direction my life should be headed in—and with whom...
Thank you for your address (I like the sound of Cascade Drive), and the standing invitation to visit anytime. I just might take you up on that someday, though it may take a bit more courage and maneuvering to perform that feat than you coming here, e-mailing, or occasionally talking on the phone. But anything's possible, right? In any event, life is a bit too complicated at the moment to think too far into the future.
I guess I'd better stop here. Paul is due to come walking in the door at any time now. And, though he rarely shows much interest in what I'm doing these days, this would probably be the day when he'd make an exception.
I certainly would have a lot of explaining to do if he were to read this letter. Besides, I want to drop it in the mailbox this afternoon so that it can still be postmarked this year!
I wish you the very best for the coming year, Vaughn!
Love, Taylor
* * *
A few days into the New Year, Taylor received an e-mail from Vaughn, which she opened while on break at school. It read:
* * *
Dear Taylor:
Thanks for the letter. It really brightened an otherwise dreary day. All work and no one to play with can make me one dull and miserable man!
I meant it when I said that I would love to be able to spend more time in this new year with you, if possible, Taylor. But I understand that you're caught between two worlds and I don't want to put any more pressure on you than you're already feeling.
I'm sorry that writing to me made you cry. If I was there, I would have kissed the tears away one by one, which I realize probably isn't helping any. But it's true nonetheless.
On another note, do you ever wonder what our kids might have looked like had we stayed together? I love Nicole to death, and I'm sure you feel the same about Audra. But still...a combination of you and me would've been, as we used to say back in the day, "the bomb!"
Regarding Joy, she is a special lady in her own right. But don't worry about standing in the way of any future between us. There never was one. She understands and accepts that.
The part of me that you have is much more than small, Taylor, trust me. And I wouldn't part with it for the world or the universe or even beyond...
I really don't mean to complicate your life. Well, okay, so maybe I do...
The way I see it, life only becomes complicated when there's a reason for it. You said yourself that your marriage to Paul isn't the happy marriage you once believed it was. To me that means there's still room in your life for someone who can make you happier than you are from top to bottom. I'm confident that someone is me! I was there once for you and I want to be there again—day and night, and everything in between.
All I ask is that you not close the door on what we could have together, aside from what we have now. If it's wrong to want someone you once had and now have the opportunity to have them again to give your heart and soul to, then I'm guilty as charged!
Come to Chicago and spend some time away from your reality. We can do a lot of reminiscing and even make some new memories to treasure. You can also check out what I've done with this house that I'm renovating.
Think about it. The offer will always be there.
Love, Vaughn
P.S. It warmed my heart that you ended your letter with "Love Taylor." I always did take things literally.

CHAPTER THIRTY-FIVE

The second season of the reality TV series Forever Sweethearts premiered on a Thursday in the second week of January 2004. Taylor prepared to watch it at home alone. Paul was on a three-day trip to Oklahoma for a seminar on terrorism and future threats. She welcomed his absence, doubting he would find her televised reunion with Vaughn Mitchell compelling viewing.
Taylor noted that the two-day plus reunion had been condensed into two hours. Her nerves were on edge as she watched the opening segment, wondering how she would come across on national television. She knew that these reality programs often spun things the way they wanted the audience to perceive them.
I don't want to be perceived as either too bitter or too forgiving, Taylor thought. She certainly didn't want it to seem like their reunion was a rebirth of their years as college sweethearts.
Which is exactly the way it had turned out. Only she hadn't realized it at the time. So much had changed for Taylor since the taping. She had never intended for things to go any further between her and Vaughn other than a short and not necessarily sweet reunion, clearing the air, and then going their separate ways.
But life had thrown them—or at least her—a curve, and now she was ensconced in a passionate affair with the first love of her life and she had no idea where it was headed. What Taylor did know was that, once again, Vaughn Mitchell had managed to have a profound effect on her life and made her reassess what she had with Paul and if it was really enough.
The first thing Taylor saw filling the screen was a before photograph of her and Vaughn. It was the same one that Vaughn had sent her, setting the stage for the present day version of them. Taylor found herself laughing and crying as she watched Forever Sweethearts and the memories came flooding back. Vaughn was as handsome and collected as could be. She also looked younger and more attractive than her age and in person self-image would suggest. Even her poise and sharp wit amazed and humored Taylor.
The producers did a wonderful job of splicing together a fairly realistic picture of their reunion after twenty-five years, showing them approaching each other cautiously, trying to close still open wounds and, finally, making peace with the past and leaving as friends again.
In spite of the reality show's slant at playing matchmaker in reuniting former sweethearts, the show seemed willing to present the couples as individuals and let them decide for themselves where they went from there.
Taylor took this to heart. The show did not forecast what was still yet to come between her and Vaughn. Some things were better left with the people involved, rather than for public consumption and scrutiny.
All in all, Taylor thought the segment was something she could be proud of. She hoped the day would come when she could watch it with Audra...and maybe Paul as well.
Taylor called Vaughn. She wanted to share this moment with him, assuming he had also watched it. Her heart skipped a beat, then made up for it with an extra beat as the phone rang for the third time.
When he answered, she nearly lost her ability to speak.
"Did you watch it?" Taylor asked expectantly.
Vaughn chuckled. "Are you kidding? I wouldn't have missed it for the world!"
She was relieved. "So what did you think of our little performance?"
"First rate, all the way!" he said smoothly. "I loved seeing us together again, still looking like two college kids on our first date."
Taylor laughed. "I'm not sure I'd go quite that far." But she had to admit that they did look pretty good together.
Vaughn did not back down. "Let's not kid ourselves, Taylor—we stole the show! You were by far the best looking gal there and I was made to look better by association."
"You flatterer, you," she cooed, knowing it was working.
"Hey, I'm just telling it like it is," he said. "I'll take my fifteen seconds of fame any day, if it meant I'd get to reunite with the woman who took my breath away so long ago...and is still doing so today."
Taylor warmed at the thought. "Thank you for thinking enough of me to want to see me again—even if it was before a national TV audience."
"Thank you for having the courage to come," Vaughn said. "I know it couldn't have been easy."
"It's never easy to admit that your life isn't where it should be," she reflected.
"I hear you," he said. "I'm probably the king of denial, and it's cost me for half of my life...and prevented me from being with the person I was meant to be with—"
Wondering if they had truly been meant to be together despite everything silenced Taylor. Had it been their destiny to take the long road home to each other? Was this supposed to make them stronger and better able to deal with any further challenges life may have in store?
"I have thought about what our child or children might have looked like—" Taylor uttered, as if they had been talking about this all along. She was referring to a question he had asked her in an e-mail.
"And what did you come up with?" Vaughn asked, clearly intrigued.
"Of course I think she, he, or they would have been beautiful or handsome—just like their parents," Taylor boldly declared, making no bones about it. She couldn't imagine having a child more stunning than Audra. But if she'd had a daughter with Vaughn, Taylor was sure she would have been every bit as gorgeous.
"I agree," Vaughn said enthusiastically. He paused. "Maybe someday Nicole and Audra can meet. I think they'd like each other."
Without even knowing Nicole, Taylor was inclined to agree, knowing her daughter's natural friendliness and desire to reach out to others. Even if that person happened to be the daughter of the man Taylor had once loved...and now might love again.
"I'm sure they would," she concurred.
By the time Taylor hung up, she was happy that she'd called him and that her relationship with Vaughn had come full circle in almost one remarkable fell swoop. She watched bits of Forever Sweethearts again, since she'd taped it, wondering all the while if the show's title really did apply to them.

CHAPTER THIRTY-SIX

Five days later, the first significant snowfall of the season hit East Lansing. At least three inches had come down, and another three to four were predicted by nightfall. Combined with wind, it made things quite challenging for students and staff alike on the MSU campus. But this was just typical Midwest weather during the winter months.
After spending nearly an hour shoveling the porch and making a path along the walkway, Paul's BMW slipped and slid on the road, before he arrived late for his morning class.
Taylor listened over the phone as Paul complained about his car sliding en route to work as if she were responsible for Mother Nature's fury, causing him to be late. She was sitting at her desk at home, grateful she didn't have a class to teach today. Instead, she got to drink hot chocolate and work on her book. Once Paul had hung up, Taylor stared out the window at the huge snowflakes falling and the blowing snow. She had to admit that it was a lovely sight, though she wished it had snowed over the holidays when it could have been better appreciated for its beauty and charm.
Taylor frowned when her thoughts turned to Paul. Lately, they barely seemed to be on speaking terms—not counting Paul's complaints today about the weather—as if there wasn't already enough friction in their lives. She wasn't sure how much she was to blame and how much they both were. Their relationship was undergoing a metamorphosis right before her very eyes, as though neither of them could do much but sit back and watch and let the chips fall where they may.
Vaughn was only part of the problem.
Paul seemed to be spending more and more time at work, in meetings, or at speaking engagements. It was almost as if he needed to prove something to himself.
Or to me, Taylor thought.
And what was she trying to prove to him?
Maybe she just needed to prove some things to herself. Things like she was still attractive and desirable to men, her opinion on issues did matter, and it was okay to have fun with someone who was fun to be with.
Taylor was beginning to seriously question if what she thought had been real in her marriage had never really existed. Had she just been fooling herself all these years in wanting to be with a man she believed would respect her and love her the way she deserved to be, while growing old together.
These sentiments had failed where it concerned Vaughn the first time around. Had she also failed when she chose Paul?
Taylor could only wonder if it was even possible that two people could actually be given a second chance to right the wrongs of history, assuming that was the case. Was Vaughn the man she belonged with? Or was she making a mistake falling for someone who had already broken her heart once with no guarantee that it couldn't happen again?
In spite of the heater going full blast and being dressed warmly in a sweater, sweats, thick socks, and booties, Taylor still felt cold. She sipped the hot chocolate again and turned back to her book. Though generally satisfied with the effort, she was continually tweaking it, striving for perfection and, ultimately, acceptance with a good commercial publisher.
* * *
The bell rang when Taylor was in the kitchen refilling her mug.
Too listless to double-check or enhance her makeup-less appearance, she hand brushed her hair and padded across the floor to the front door.
Monica Emerson stood on the other side of the door, bundled up in a tan, hooded jacket. Her face was flushed from the cold and snow. Despite this, she wore a smile, albeit an awkward one.
"Monica—!" Taylor said. "What are you doing here?"
Monica stood there like a lost child.
"I'm sorry for bothering you, Professor Holland—" she began, and rubbed her nose. "But I was having some problems and I needed someone to talk to. I know I'm not in your class anymore, but—"
"It's okay," Taylor said sympathetically, forgetting about the fact that she was not prepared for company. "Come in, Monica."
It was unusual for a student, or ex-student, of Taylor's to come to the house. But it was not without precedence. It was mostly Paul's students who found their way there from time to time, usually to go over work assignments and special projects. He seemed to encourage an open house policy, as if he was their den father. Or that both of them were den parents to his students.
Taylor preferred to keep their private lives private. But in looking at Monica now, it was difficult to imagine turning her away and sending her back out into the elements. She supposed that, as teachers, they were bound to help students if at all possible, even if they were no longer their students.
"Would you like some coffee or hot chocolate?" Taylor offered, catching a whiff of Monica's strong perfume.
"Hot chocolate would be awesome," she said softly.
Holding two mugs, Taylor found Monica standing in front of the mantel. She was admiring the photographs of Taylor and Paul, as well as Audra. Pictures of them separate and together.
Taylor noted that Monica had removed her jacket. She was wearing tight dark denim jeans and a light blue sweater. Beige leather scrunch boots added a couple of inches to her already tall frame. She had a figure that any forty-six-year-old woman would kill for. Even her long hair, hanging to one side, was something Taylor envied, if only because it reminded her of herself in another era.
She sat the two mugs of hot chocolate on a coffee table tray as Monica turned to her.
"Nice pictures," she remarked, almost happenstance. "You and Professor Holland really look great together."
"Thanks." Taylor felt a streak of regret run up and down her spine. In fact, they had taken few pictures together or apart in recent years where Audra wasn't included. Had this been an oversight? Or was it a subtle sign that since things were not what they should be for them in real life, why should they be in framed pictures that were supposed to capture the real people behind the image?
Taylor thought about the photo Vaughn had sent her that had also appeared on Forever Sweethearts for all the world to see, but apparently not to Monica Emerson. Thankfully. She could only imagine trying to explain the nature of the reunion to someone young enough to be her daughter who was not her daughter.
"So this must be your daughter," Monica said to Taylor as if she was answering rather than asking the question. "Audra, right?"
"Yes," Taylor said to both questions, surprised that Monica remembered Audra's name from their earlier chat.
Monica took a long look at the framed eight by ten head shot, as if peering right through it, before saying: "She's really pretty."
Taylor could not disagree, though she almost wished she could for some reason. "I'm sure Audra would thank you for that if she were here."
Taylor immediately realized that she'd set herself up by saying this.
Monica turned to look at her, setting down the picture. "Is she going to Michigan State?"
"No, Oxford." Then she added, as if by way of explanation, "Her father attended Oxford."
Monica lifted a brow. "Wow! I didn't know that."
Taylor wouldn't have expected her to know it, though Paul proudly displayed his degree on the wall in his office. "It was a natural thing for Audra to follow in his footsteps," she said.
"Your daughter must be one of those brainy girls most of us normal ones love to hate." Monica chuckled, and then said as if she had to: "Just kidding. I'm sure you and Professor Holland must really be proud of her."
"We are," Taylor said, for lack of other words. She wasn't sure she wanted to talk about Audra with a student who was about the same age. It was as if she was invading her daughter's privacy behind her back.
Monica shrugged. "I don't plan to have any children myself. Too much fuss and bother when they're young, and too much misbehaving and attitude when they're older. I can think of a million ways I'd rather spend my time and energy—"
Though Taylor could picture such ways, she decided not to delve into them. Especially when she assumed Monica had other, more troublesome, things on her mind in coming there. Similar to when they went to lunch last term.
Sitting down on the couch, Taylor motioned for her guest to do the same. Monica finally did, leaving enough space between them to fit another average sized human being.
After a moment or two, Monica wrinkled her nose and said: "I feel kind of funny calling you and your husband Professor Holland. Do you know what I mean?"
Taylor had to admit it did seem a bit awkward, so she suggested: "Why don't you call me Taylor." After all, Monica was no longer one of her students. Even if she had been, they weren't in the classroom where formalities would have been more appropriate. Besides, Taylor saw the present situation as one closer to resembling person-to-person rather than teacher-to-student.
"Okay, Taylor." Monica seemed pleased with this, taking a sip of her hot chocolate. "It's delicious," she murmured, licking her lips as an affirmation.
Taylor's eyes shifted out the window at the still falling snow. She wondered how much would actually accumulate before it stopped. "Anything hot would taste good on a day like this," she commented, and took a sip of her own hot chocolate.
Monica scoffed. "The snow doesn't really bother me," she said. "I grew up in the Upper Peninsula, so I'm pretty much used to this, and worse."
"Does your father live there?" Taylor asked.
Monica stared at the question thoughtfully. "No, he lives in Providence, Rhode Island. We moved there a few years after my mother's death."
Taylor imagined that a move was a good thing following such a tragedy. "How did you end up at MSU?" she asked.
Monica put the mug to her lips and seemed to rehearse a response in her mind. "Dad knew someone here who recommended it. After considering several other schools, I decided Michigan State had one of the best programs in the nation for a psychology major. And they were the only college to offer me a full scholarship," she added.
For some reason, Taylor found it hard to picture her as a psychologist someday, as if it went against the grain of Monica's persona. But then it seemed hard to imagine herself as a woman who was married to one man, but possibly belonging to and loving another.
She also found writing a book to be quite challenging, yet most rewarding. Which is precisely what I'm supposed to be doing right now, Taylor told herself, if not for her unexpected visitor, who now seemed to have settled in as if a permanent resident.
Politely, Taylor tried to get to the gist of the visit. "You said you were having some problems you needed to talk about..."
Monica put her mug down. Then her brow creased with sudden anguish. "I've been having nightmares about my mom lately. I can see her being brutally assaulted and murdered, like I'm a witness to it—" Her eyes lowered to her lap. "I have no idea why this is happening now." She looked at Taylor sadly. "I just thought that maybe if I talked to someone about it, it might help."
The poor girl, Taylor thought dismally. In a way, she felt honored that Monica had come to her for help. Even so, Taylor knew she wasn't qualified to give any psychological advice or therapy, and told her so.
"Maybe your father could recommend someone that you could talk to," Taylor suggested. After all, she did say he was a retired psychologist, didn't she?
Monica sneered. "You mean like a psychiatrist?"
Taylor nodded. "Or a psychologist," she said.
Monica bit her lip and said forlornly: "I've been seeing psychiatrists off and on all my life. Sometimes they've actually helped. Most times, though, they've only talked in rhymes and riddles. My dad has helped me even when he didn't realize it but, for the most part, he's been reluctant to work with me professionally. He says that because I'm his daughter he can't give me the unbiased attention I deserve."
Her father seemed like he was caught between a rock and a hard place, Taylor mused. He obviously wanted what was best for his daughter, but recognized he wasn't the best person to help her deal with the violence of her mother's death.
And neither am I, Taylor thought.
"Maybe I could talk to Professor Holland..." Monica blurted out the words as if the thought had just entered her head. "His course on violence really seemed to hit home with me."
Though she respected Paul as a capable professor and expert on societal violence who seemed to work well with his students in getting them interested in the subjects he was teaching, Taylor considered him no more qualified to help Monica than she was. Not to mention it was highly inappropriate for Paul to discuss such a sensitive topic outside his office at school.
"I'll talk to him about it," she told Monica, primarily to appease her. "But I really think you need to see a professional, not a professor, to deal with what you're experiencing. If you have no one in mind, I can make some inquiries for you—including school counselors. I'm sure we can find someone who can help you to understand what you're going through and, hopefully, better process it."
Taylor imagined that Monica would always suffer, to some degree, from the shock and nature of her mother's victimization. But she hoped, with therapy, it could at least be dealt with more effectively.
Monica appeared to resign herself to this, and forced a smile in Taylor's direction over the rim of her mug.
"Thanks, Profes... I mean Taylor. You've been a big help to me," she said, and stood. "I really needed to talk to someone about this."
Taylor got to her feet, feeling as if she hadn't really done very much, other than provide a listening ear.
At the door, she told Monica, as if she were her own daughter or at least something akin to a young friend: "If you ever need to talk again in a non professional capacity, please feel free to give me a call—"
The emphasis was on call. Taylor was uncomfortable allowing her or any other student to drop by the house uninvited for problems beyond the scope of a professor of women's studies. She gave Monica her cell phone number.
"Thanks, I will," Monica promised. She met Taylor's eyes, and added sincerely: "Please tell Professor Holland I said hello."
Taylor nodded. After closing the door, she contemplated Monica's appearance at their door while trying to figure out if there was a hidden message in there somewhere. Maybe Paul would have an answer.
She went back to work on her book.
* * *
When Paul got home that evening, Taylor told him about her surprise guest.
He reacted as if she had entertained Charles Manson or a serial killer.
"And you just let her come in—?" he asked with his mouth hanging open. "What were you thinking?"
Taylor narrowed her eyes. "What was I supposed to do? Send her away like a stray dog with rabies? She's one of my students. And one of yours—in case you've forgotten—and she needed help..."
She didn't bother to remind him that he had played host at home to more than his fair share of students without her uttering a word of protest. This made it all the more confounding as to why Paul would react with such disapproval.
Paul pushed up his glasses as if it had just dawned on him that they had fallen to the edge of his nose. "You're right, of course," he said calmly. "I didn't mean to attack you like that. Monica Emerson seems like a nice enough girl, and she obviously has some deep rooted psychological problems." He rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "I just don't want to see her get too psychologically dependent on us."
Taylor cast a sharp gaze at him from across the dining room table. "Don't you think I feel the same way?"
"I've heard about students who become fixated on their professors," Paul muttered. "They start to view them as larger than life with all the answers to their prayers on what's wrong with their lives." He sucked in a breath and added, as if obliged to: "Don't get me wrong. I'm not saying that Monica Emerson is one of those students. Only that we can't be too careful, Taylor, especially when they start showing up at our house, waving the sympathy flag. Who knows—maybe next she'll be asking if we'd consider renting out a room to her, now that Audra's vacated the premises for England."
This was not the man Taylor thought she knew. Did she even know him at all? And why had he brought Audra into the equation?
Taylor wondered if Paul really thought Monica might be dangerous. Or was he just having another one of his all too frequent bad days?
"I think you've blown this thing way out of proportion, Paul," Taylor said with pursed lips. "Monica's nothing more than a troubled young woman who's reaching out to the people she probably feels she can trust the most—her professors. If you really do have a problem with it, why don't you tell her that she's not welcome here? And that we're off limits to her outside the classroom, as long as that rule is applied equally to all students—"
Taylor hadn't actually meant to put herself in the position of defending Monica or acting as her protector. But, under the circumstances, it seemed like someone had to. And it sure wasn't Paul.
Frowning, Paul spat: "Now who's getting ridiculous?" He shrugged. "Look, why don't we just forget this whole damned thing. If we're lucky, Monica Emerson will find someone else to dump her problems on. If not, then I guess we'll just have to deal with her—"
Deal with her? Taylor thought.
He made it sound like a task that bordered on the impossible. Or was there something else behind his cryptic words that she hadn't figured out yet?
Either way, something told Taylor that they probably hadn't heard the last from Monica Emerson whether they wanted to or not.

CHAPTER THIRTY-SEVEN

Taylor was not sure when she had fallen in love with Vaughn again.
And out of love with Paul.
Had it been when she and Vaughn first made love after a twenty-five year gap?
Perhaps it was the e-mail correspondence that was responsible for bringing old feelings back to the surface. Or maybe she had never truly stopped loving Vaughn Mitchell and was just beginning to come to terms with it, as if the feelings had remained in suspended animation over a quarter of a century before being revived by the man himself.
As she sat in a lavender-scented bubble bath mulling it over, Taylor wondered how much of it had to do with Paul's apparent lack of interest in her any more as a woman. Or that Audra seemed to be the only thing they had in common these days.
Taylor was not particularly enamored by the fact that Paul rarely came to her defense when his mother compared her to his ex-girlfriend in a less than favorable light.
She even wondered if Monica Emerson's inexplicable entry into their lives had played some role in bringing to the surface the underlying tensions that had long threatened to unhinge the fabric by which they lived and conducted themselves.
There seemed to be no single, straightforward answer. How could there be? Too many variables had come into play over the years—each influential in its own way for shaping emotions, feelings, passions, thoughts, and attitudes.
The only thing that mattered right now to Taylor was that she was in love with Vaughn and wanted to be with him, even though the prospect of such had been the farthest thing from her mind just a few short months ago.
But Taylor stopped short of committing herself to a life with Vaughn Mitchell, for the bonds of marriage were still too resilient for her to easily abandon what twenty years had slowly and assiduously woven together like an intricately patterned shawl.
No matter the disintegration and stagnancy of that marriage.
Somewhere inside Taylor there was also the stark realization that loving Vaughn had once proven to be the greatest mistake of her life. To risk history to repeating itself would be both foolish and dangerous.
Yet Taylor knew that history had indeed already repeated itself, and seemed to be writing new, exciting chapters with each passing moment she was with Vaughn—whether in spirit or in the flesh. She had somehow allowed herself to step onto the path of some uncertain destiny and seemed as powerless to alter it as the days themselves.
* * *
Taylor drove from East Lansing to Chicago. She had decided to take Vaughn up on his offer to visit when Paul had suddenly announced unceremoniously that he would be in Minneapolis for a rescheduled three-day symposium on firearms and homicidal urges. She planned the trip to coincide with Paul's trip, less one day, forwarding calls to voicemail in case he called the house. If he called her cell phone, which he rarely did when he was out of town, she was prepared to tell a little white lie or two about working on her book or running or whatever came to mind at the time.
It frightened Taylor that she had become such an accomplished liar. Yet it seemed as if she had no other choice at the moment, short of seeing all of her lies converge with perhaps the force of TNT with no guarantee as to which direction the wind would blow afterward.
She had thought about taking a flight to Chicago, but decided to take her car since it was a relatively short drive. Also, driving would not require using the credit card, which Paul might notice, though she did most of the bill paying and had her own separate credit card account. She would use cash for any gas or incidental purchases.
Taylor had agreed to meet Vaughn in Lincoln Park on the north side of the city that bordered Lake Michigan. She had been there once several years ago with a fellow female professor and had found it quite pleasant. Now she was back to be with a lover and the love of her life, even if neither meant that they would end up together, no matter what their desires were to that effect.
For now, she was happy to spend what time they could together. In this case, they were in Vaughn's territory, which made it all the more inviting and scary at the same time.
Taylor parked in a common area and got out of the car. It was early March and, in spite of the chilly temperature, spring was definitely in the air with birds singing and a few crocus in bloom. Burying her hands in the pockets of her plum twill coat, Taylor felt a rush of wind brush against her face as she sauntered down the lakefront walk.
Her heart skipped a beat when she saw Vaughn approaching. She awkwardly raised her hand and waved.
He waved back, as if hailing a taxi, and began to pick up his pace with long strides. "If you're not careful," he hummed, "people just might mistake you for a student out for a stroll."
"I seriously doubt it," Taylor said, blushing. She thought he looked far more like a student in his red squall jacket, jeans, and black leather chukkas, reminiscent of what he had worn during their days on campus, minus the bell-bottoms. She was dressed more conservatively in a fern-colored ribbed turtleneck, dark gray pants, and black flats.
Vaughn hugged Taylor as if they were seeing each other for the first time. Or perhaps the last time.
"I'm so glad you came," he said, and gave her a quick kiss on the mouth.
"Thanks for inviting me," Taylor said, licking her lips. She tried to mask her nervousness in being there with him.
They started to walk and Vaughn took her hand, warming it instantly with his.
"I thought this would be a great place to welcome you to Chicago," he said. "It has some of the best views in the city. What do you think?"
Taylor marveled at the breathtaking skyline. "It's a lovely city," she said.
Vaughn grinned. "Yes it is," he said, "and it's even more amazing at night, when the downtown lights dot the landscape."
"Sounds like you've really settled in here," she told him, while wondering if that meant he was not amenable to living anywhere else.
"You could say that," he said. "I love being in the Windy City with all it has to offer. I just wish we had come here twenty-five years ago."
They stopped walking and she turned to look at him. "Do you think that would have made a difference in the way things turned out for us?" she asked.
He paused thoughtfully. "Probably not," he admitted and squeezed her hand a little tighter. "But I think things have turned out pretty good for us."
"I suppose they have," Taylor said, realizing that time had somehow found a way to bring them back together and seemingly more in sync than ever before.
Vaughn grinned crookedly. "You were more than worth the wait."
"You think so?" she cooed.
"I know so," he told her.
She blushed. "I feel the same way about you."
He smiled and kissed her, counting his blessings that he was with the most desirable woman in the world. At least to him.
"That doesn't mean I've forgotten one minute of the time we put in as a couple at MSU," Vaughn said.
"You make it sound like a prison," Taylor said with a chuckle, though she knew what he meant. She treasured those memories, too.
He laughed. "Truthfully, sometimes it seemed like it was. Between those stuffy professors and seemingly endless debt, I did at times feel...trapped," Vaughn said. He met her eyes, and said softly: "You were the one thing in my life back then that kept my head above water."
She smiled and put a finger to his lips. "It's okay," she said. "I won't break down if we talk about our college years. It's a part of our history, the good, bad, and ugly. In those days, we were just idealistic young kids, with our beads and loud hair, and experimenting with pot as we tried to juggle classes and part-time jobs." She paused and looked at him. "What's important is who we are today," she said, "and what it means to us."
"I couldn't have said it better myself," Vaughn agreed, though still kicking himself over the years they had lost. He felt certain now that if they had gone through with their engagement and marriage, things would still be going strong for them, and then some.
Vaughn thought back to Rosemary Delfino and what had turned out to be one of the biggest mistakes of his life. He hoped Taylor really had gotten over what he considered a bad judgment call that he chalked up to immaturity and insecurity. As far as he was concerned, the best part of their lives could be in front of them, assuming certain things fell into place. He planned to enjoy the moment for what it was and wouldn't try to force something that might not be in the cards for them.
Vaughn put his arm around Taylor and she snuggled up to him as they resumed their walk.
* * *
Taylor was impressed from the moment she laid eyes on Vaughn's huge Colonial house. It sat atop a hill surrounded by soaring evergreens.
"I fell for the place from day one," explained Vaughn in the massive living room. "It was built in the 1960s and I've tried to recapture much of the charm of the original structure, while renovating it to make it livable for the twenty-first century."
"You've done a wonderful job," Taylor marveled, taking it all in. She looked up at the rustic beamed ceiling and then honed in on the bay windows, marble fireplace, and the Oriental rug in the middle of the shiny maple hardwood floor. A rectangular glass cocktail table with a bronze base was surrounded by a plush burgundy sectional. Antique lamps on matching end tables bordered the sectional. On another side of the room, she saw a light brown sofa and loveseat with bold patterns, a torch floor lamp, and an oval coffee table.
Taylor could hardly believe Vaughn lived in this magnificent place all by himself.
"Here's something I think you might like," Vaughn said, getting Taylor's attention. She turned to see him standing next to a vintage 1970s turntable next to a rack of albums.
Taylor threw her head back and laughed. "You've got to be kidding me!" she said. "I can't believe you still have and actually play albums in this new age of CDs and DVDs."
Vaughn grinned. "Hey, you can't match the sound of crackling vinyl music these days," he joked. "Whenever I feel the need to go retro, I get out some of my old albums, play them, and reminisce about the good old days."
"That's wonderful," she said, "and daring. I love it."
"Later, I'll put on something and see if you've still got your old dance moves," he challenged.
Taylor chuckled. "Oh really?" She got butterflies in her stomach at the prospect of trying to recapture her dancing skills from yesteryear, which had rarely been tested in recent memory. She reminded herself that they had shared a slow dance in the ballroom on Forever Sweethearts that had made her wish he would never let her go. "Well, we'll just have to see what moves you still have on the dance floor, Mr. Mitchell."
"I accept the challenge," Vaughn said. "But first, let me show you what I've done with the rest of the place—"
"You lead, I'll follow," she told him.
They went through arched doorways leading to the formal dining room and kitchen. The kitchen was thoroughly modern with stainless steel appliances, wide granite counters, and custom cabinetry. The granite island was huge and a bowl of red and green apples sat in the center of it.
"Admittedly, I don't do much cooking for myself in here," said Vaughn, "and don't let the fancy gadgets fool you. But...I think with a little help, we could put something together that would make your mouth water."
Taylor smiled. "Okay, you're on." She hoped to live up to his idea of a cook, though her skills had grown a bit rusty since Audra headed off to college and Paul decided that eating out and take out were more preferable.
"What I can do all by myself is pop open some champagne," Vaughn said spiritedly.
Taylor watched as he opened the refrigerator and removed the bottle of champagne, then got out two crystal flutes from the cabinet.
Taylor moved her lips invitingly. "Are we celebrating something?" she asked.
Vaughn grinned, using a corkscrew to expertly open the champagne. "Yes, we're celebrating your presence in my house," he proclaimed, once only dreaming of such. "Definitely brightens up the place and, more importantly, makes me one happy man!"
"Ohhh..." gushed Taylor, feeling special being put on a pedestal, even though it made her somewhat uncomfortable at the same time. "That's nice to hear."
Vaughn handed her a glass and filled it halfway, doing the same with his own. He then raised it and said: "Here's a toast, Taylor, to you, me...and to whatever good times lay ahead—"
"I'll drink to that," she told him, touching her glass to his.
The tour continued to his combination office and study. A floor to ceiling bookcase was filled with law books and first edition novels. Beside it was Vaughn's desk, and next to that two file cabinets. On the other side of room, there was a leather couch and wooden table. An entertainment wall unit held, among other things, a flat screen television, and some framed photographs.
Taylor noted one picture in particular of Vaughn, maybe ten years younger, with an attractive, lean, red-haired woman, and a pretty, red-haired young girl. Taylor lifted the frame and glanced at Vaughn.
"Your ex-wife and daughter?" she asked.
He nodded uneasily.
"You made a lovely family," she told him sincerely.
Taylor thought about the pictures of her, Paul, and Audra that Monica Emerson had said the same thing about. Past pictures did not always convey present realities, she realized.
"We did," Vaughn conceded, "once upon a time." He studied the photo reflectively. "This was taken when Nicole was nine." His voice became melancholy. "It seems like after that it all fell apart."
"Do you still love her?" The question surprised even Taylor. But it was still an honest one that she needed an answer to.
Vaughn took the picture from Taylor's hands and studied it, as if trying to make up his mind. After a moment or two, he responded in an even, earnest voice: "Yes, I guess I'll always love Irene to some degree...for the good times we had together at one point. But I'm not in love with her." He gazed into Taylor's eyes. "Can you understand that?"
"Yes," she said. All too well, she thought as her mind drifted to Paul.
"You are the one I'm in love with," Vaughn said steadfastly.
Taylor shivered with pleasure at his words and looked directly at him. "I think I'm in love with you, too, Vaughn."
He pretended to be wounded. "You just think you love me...?"
Taylor chuckled, though the subject matter was serious. She sighed and responded with what her heart told her was true, aside from any other implications. "I do love you, Vaughn Mitchell—and I probably have for the last twenty-five years on some level."
He smiled brightly, her words music to his ears...giving him renewed hope that they could turn their love into something lasting.
"Come here," he said sensually.
When Taylor reached him, Vaughn wrapped her in his arms and held her head against his chest. He could feel her trembling, or maybe it was him.
"Things will work themselves out, darling," he told her.
Taylor wanted to believe that. But, at this point, she was afraid to wish for too much only to have her heart broken or her desires dashed. "We'll see," she said simply.
Vaughn decided to leave it at that, which he considered to be more than just a glimmer of hope. "Why don't we check out the rooms upstairs," he suggested. "I'm sure there's at least one room that should meet with your approval..." There was unmistakable lust in his voice.
"Is that so?" Taylor fluttered her lashes coyly as her pulse began to race. "I can hardly wait to see it—"
He grinned and took Taylor's hand, guiding her out of the study and down the hall to a winding staircase. After they climbed the stairs, they entered a spacious and refurbished master bedroom suite with contemporary furnishings, decorative framed paintings on the walls, and Roman window shades.
All in all, there was a definite masculine atmosphere to the room. Taylor felt it was screaming for a little feminine company, which she hoped to provide at least for the moment.

CHAPTER THIRTY-EIGHT

The sex was even better than Taylor remembered from their first go-round twenty-five years ago. Or even from anytime over the course of her marriage.
Vaughn had awakened her from a slumber she had seemingly fallen into long ago that had been sustained through years of deprivation, decline, incompatibility, and denial.
Her orgasms had become more powerful each time they made love. It was as if time had somehow brought them closer together, more in tune with each other's body and mind, allowing Taylor and Vaughn to experience together what turned out to be hours of uncensored, dynamic carnal knowledge.
Neither of them said much, preferring to let their actions speak for them.
Vaughn peppered Taylor's face with soft kisses before he moved to her chest and turned his attention to her breasts and nipples. Taylor sucked in a deep breath as her nipples grew taut and her breasts swelled with pleasure from the exquisiteness of Vaughn's potent kisses.
She tensed when he moved further down, placing his mouth between her legs. No longer tentative to the feel of his tongue searching till he found the right place, and then devouring her, Taylor lay back, closed her eyes, and enjoyed it.
Soon she had reached delirious heights and found her self-control all but lost to a powerful need. As if his lips were a warm, moist mass starving for nourishment, Taylor thrust herself at him, desperate to be gratified.
Vaughn, who to this point had held back his own powerful urge to be deep inside Taylor, responded to her fervent cries. With fierce determination, he buried his face further into the core of her sexual pleasure, enjoying the essence of Taylor more than anything he could imagine. Skillfully, he used his tongue to bring her to climax. He held onto her buttocks firmly and refused to let up till her fitful body had relaxed and her breathing normalized.
Vaughn could hold back no longer. He quickly slipped on a condom and lifted Taylor up and on top of him, guiding himself into her, knowing only then that he was where he needed to be. He grunted while the tingling sensations surrounded him as his green-eyed lover made love to him.
Taylor rode Vaughn with reckless abandon. She adjusted her body to take him in deeper and deeper, contracting off and on to give them both more intense twinges of sheer ecstasy. Her breasts were buried in his face, and she was thrilled that she could express herself sexually with Vaughn in ways she never had with Paul.
I deserve to feel like this, she told herself. And to be able to make a man feel just as good.
Taylor lifted up and licked Vaughn's lips, enjoying his taste. She squeezed her thighs around his waist, raising and lowering her hips onto him, while reading the raw desire for her in his eyes.
As if on cue, Vaughn effortlessly turned Taylor over and began to make love to her his way. She was the best thing to happen to him once, and now she was again. He could never imagine getting enough of her, not this time around.
It lasted seemingly forever, as each yielded to mutual cravings and individual needs. Moments merged into more moments, and minutes into hours, till time was lost. Taylor shrieked and Vaughn moaned as they came together in climactic exhilaration.
They had somehow managed to rediscover a comfort zone in lovemaking twenty-five years later that seemed to make each time a delirious, unforgettable occasion that was as natural and welcome, as it was still unfamiliar territory. And neither could be quite sure where it was headed.
* * *
"This is very good," chimed Vaughn as he read the last page of the sample chapters of Taylor's book.
"You really think so?" She flashed him a dubious look from her side of the bed. He had asked her to bring the manuscript so he could read it. She had done so reluctantly, afraid she was not quite ready to be criticized or second-guessed on it.
"Yeah, I do," he insisted, sitting up and giving her a better view of his naked body. "I'm certainly not an expert on gender role expectations and victimization. But that doesn't mean I can't tell a quality read on the subject when it's right in front of me." He grinned with approval. "It's well thought out and easy to follow."
"And I'm only three-quarters of the way through," Taylor told him. "It's possible that the complete book might not live up to your—or even my—standards. Much less an editor's."
Vaughn rolled his eyes. "I doubt that, especially if the finished product is as good as what you've written so far." He put the last page on the pile in the center of the bedspread. "Do you have a publisher?"
"Not yet," she hated to admit, knowing that it was usually a good idea to secure a publisher first before going through the arduous task of actually writing a complete book. In this instance, she knew it was a solid premise with a reliable target group. "I've sent off a few proposals to editors and agents, but so far it's only resulted in some polite declines and requests for more material. I'm not giving up, though."
Vaughn leaned on elbow and said: "I have a friend in New York who's a literary agent at a good firm. Or at least she was two years ago when I last saw her. Why don't I call her and see if she'd be interested in reading this?"
It was a very generous offer, but Taylor was reluctant to involve him further in a project that she preferred to keep separate from their personal relationship. On the other hand, she did need a more objective person to give her an opinion on her work in progress, writing style, etc. Because his agent friend was a female, the notion was even more appealing.
"Okay, why not?" Taylor agreed, hiding her enthusiasm. She sat up against the headboard, feeling remarkably comfortable exposing her body to him outside of lovemaking. "But if she says it's not saleable, I don't want to hear about it. Deal?"
Vaughn laughed. "Deal." He put his leg across hers, regarded her sinfully, and stuck out his hand. "Shall we shake on it?"
Taylor clasped his hand, and immediately felt the energy passing between their hands and legs like electricity. "Maybe we should do more than just shake on it," she suggested, feeling her libido once again moving into high gear.
"Say no more," he hummed agreeably. He leaned over and kissed her passionately.
They made love again and it seemed like they just couldn't get enough of each other.
An hour later, they were dancing to Peaches and Herb's "Shake Your Groove Thing" off an album. Taylor laughed hard as they bumped and ground their way around the room, polishing up on their dance moves. She couldn't remember having so much fun, while reminiscing over the good old days when disco was king and she was Vaughn's queen.
They finished with a slow dance to Peaches and Herb's "Reunited." Taylor's eyes welled with tears as she listened to the apropos lyrics and realized just how much she loved this man.
Was the love she felt for Vaughn strong enough for her to throw away twenty years of marriage? Would she be able to find a way to make her daughter understand why her so-called perfect parents were no longer compatible, if they ever were?
CHAPTER THIRTY-NINE

"When do you plan to make an honest man out of me?" Vaughn asked as casually as if the question had hit him out of the blue. In truth, he had been thinking about it for some time, but didn't know where the hell to go with it. Now seemed like as good a time as any to see where Taylor's head was on the subject. They were in his bed the morning after what had proven to be a mostly sleepless night.
Surprised by the question, Taylor struggled to answer. She wasn't sure what he expected her to say and she was equally unsure what she wanted to say, though she had known that sooner or later they would have this conversation. She'd been hoping it would be later. She looked at Vaughn tentatively and attempted something resembling a smile, while saying nervously: "Just how honest do you mean?"
He met her gaze steadily. "I made the biggest mistake of my life twenty-five years ago when I let you go. Now we have the chance to put the puzzle pieces of our lives back together—and I don't just mean in bed." Vaughn paused thoughtfully. "We belong together, Taylor. We always have. And I think we both know it—"
"Are you asking me to marry you?" The words seemed like an echo from a distant past and caught up to Taylor as though she had been running away from it.
Vaughn sat up and took her hand as if prepared to put a ring on her finger. There was a glimmer in his eyes when he said: "Maybe I am. Don't you think it's about time we finished what we started?"
Taylor felt her heart lurch, thinking that his timing couldn't be worse. "But I'm already married," she told him unsteadily, lest this little fact had somehow managed to escape his mind.
He released her hand as if it had suddenly become a red-hot charcoal. "I know, but not happily," he said. "Unhappy marriages can be undone, Taylor. I've proven that."
"Yes, and they can also be resurrected with time and effort," Taylor said sharply, surprising herself for defending a marriage that she knew was going nowhere. Yet she was somehow reluctant to throw away twenty years that had seen their share of happy memories. Even then, she knew that few of the recent memories could be described as happy, much less promising.
Why didn't I realize how unhappy I was before Vaughn Mitchell walked back into my life? Taylor asked herself, as if it had taken his reemergence for her to see the picture clearly.
Vaughn's brows knitted. "Is this what you call resurrecting your marriage?"
His eyes shifted to her nude body and suddenly Taylor felt naked, vulnerable, and unsure. She made a feeble attempt to cover herself with the bedspread before giving up. "I think maybe I should go now—" she said in a shaky voice.
Vaughn's face softened. Don't let her get away again, he thought, feeling like an insensitive jerk. That definitely wasn't him, particularly not where it concerned Taylor.
"Don't go," he pleaded, putting his arm around her waist. "The last thing I want is to pressure you, Taylor, even if it sounded like it. You know how I feel about you and how much I want this to become more of a permanent thing between us." He paused, measuring his words carefully. "I've waited twenty-five years in effect, and I can wait a bit longer to let nature take its course—"
Taylor wondered if it hadn't already taken its course. Hadn't their destinies been decided the moment he broke off their first engagement? Did he think it would be that easy to just undo it all twenty-five years later?
"I'm not sure what nature has in store for us," she told him honestly. "I thought I knew once—but, as you know, it didn't turn out that way. Now I have others to think about in whatever decisions I make."
"You mean your daughter?" Vaughn asked. He thought about Nicole. It had been difficult for her to deal with his divorce from her mother. Could he expect it to be any less painful for Audra?
"Yes," Taylor responded, knowing that Audra would be most affected if she and Paul got a divorce.
"Kids these days are more resilient facing the realities of divorce than most parents give them credit for," Vaughn pointed out.
"Maybe so, but it doesn't make it any easier," she said.
He lowered his eyes to hers uneasily. "So what are you saying?"
She considered the question before making herself meet his steady gaze. "I guess what I'm saying is that I need more time to sort things out in my mind and life. I want to be with you, but I did before and look where it got me..."
He started to speak before she put a finger to his lips, allowing her to continue. "I know that was then and this is now," she said. "And I also believe that you believe I'm what you want. It may be true, but before I risk everything in my life to start over with you, I have to be sure in my heart that it's the right thing to do. Please tell me you understand—"
Vaughn felt a lump in the pit of his stomach. Every part of him wanted to pretend that he didn't understand at all. That she should just be able to drop everything on a dime to be with him. But he didn't graduate from Harvard and become a top corporate attorney by being stupid or unreasonable. What she said made perfect sense and he damn well knew it. He certainly couldn't blame her for having some reservations about his commitment, given their history and his ill-advised actions.
I have to climb outside my box and be a man by demonstrating that I'm dead serious about us being together, Vaughn thought. He wouldn't allow impatience or irrational jealousy to push her away.
"I do understand," he told her. "You do what you need to do, and I'll be here waiting for you for as long as it takes. That's a promise."
Taylor nearly melted in that moment. It was just what she wanted—needed—to hear, even if it may have been too much to ask.
"Thank you," she uttered softly.
"Thank you for coming back into my life," Vaughn responded sentimentally, knowing he would never take her presence for granted again.
Taylor reached up and put her lips to his. The kiss started off slow and sweet, then became long and passionate. She wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him on top of her, needing to feel the warmth and strength of him inside her.
They made love with the same eagerness and ferocity of the previous night and wee hours of the morning.
Then they slept, allowing their bodies to recover and their minds to contemplate an almost forgotten past that had come back to life and, with it, an unknown future.
Later that day, Taylor and Vaughn made a brunch of waffles, bacon, and coffee, feeding each other, before making their way back to bed.

CHAPTER FORTY

The chiming of the doorbell woke them up with a start.
Taylor was probably more alarmed than Vaughn was. After all, she was a married woman in bed with a man who was not her husband.
I'm at Vaughn's house, she told herself. Naked in his bed!
She could only imagine what the visitor might think.
What if it was Vaughn's "off and on" lady friend who might be under the impression that it was on again? Taylor shuddered at the thought. What would I say to her? Then she found herself thinking about Rosemary Delfino and, immediately, a sour taste of guilt formed in Taylor's mouth.
Their limbs were intertwined like pretzels. Vaughn groaned and cursed under his breath. "Who the hell could that be?" he grumbled.
"Don't you know?" Taylor asked.
They pulled their bodies apart awkwardly.
"Not really." He rubbed his eyes, as if searching for answers. "I wasn't expecting any visitors."
She squirmed uncomfortably, covering herself with the satin sheet. "Obviously you forgot to tell someone that."
Vaughn sighed, perturbed that this disturbance had broken their beauty sleep and time together. He kissed Taylor passionately on the mouth.
"Don't move!" he ordered. "I'll get rid of whoever it is, and we can pick up where we left off—"
Taylor yawned with a raised brow. "I seem to recall that we were sleeping."
He smiled at her devilishly. "So maybe we'll just have to put our well rested bodies to good use in some other way..."
Before Taylor could make an objection, Vaughn had leapt up, thrown on a kimono style robe, put on his slippers, and left the room. She could hear the stairs creak as he pedaled down them.
From the muffled yet recognizable words, it quickly became apparent to Taylor that the visitor was no stranger and no ex-girlfriend. It was Vaughn's daughter!
She had apparently come to town without telling him, wanting to surprise him, much to Taylor's chagrin, and seemingly to Vaughn's delight after appearing to overcome his initial shock.
He returned to the bedroom with a half grin on his face. "You're not going to believe who's downstairs," he said.
"I'm afraid I do believe it," she told him, and explained that she'd overheard them.
Vaughn breathed a sigh of relief, though this wasn't exactly how he had planned for them to meet. "She can't wait to see you."
Taylor gazed up at him wide-eyed. "You mean she knows I'm here?"
He smiled and nodded. "Sorry, the cat sort of slipped out of the bag. But don't worry, you'll do just fine."
I'm not so sure about that, she thought.
She had known this day would come eventually. But why couldn't it have come when they were in neutral territory? Or, at the very least, when she was not lying naked in Vaughn's bed?
Taylor looked down at her nude body, which now had chill bumps all over it. She got out of bed and went for her clothes, which were still scattered around the room from the day before as if left behind from a windstorm.
Vaughn sensed Taylor's uneasiness and was slightly amused. He tossed his robe aside, exposing his body brazenly. "We're all adults here," he said, hoping that would relax her. "Nicole, for all her maternal-like concerns and intuitiveness, doesn't expect me to live the life of a monk!"
"But she is your daughter," Taylor said, dressing as quickly as she could. "And I'm your—" Her voice faltered, unable to finish with what she was to him. Not sure if she knew herself.
"You're my lady love," Vaughn said with an affectionate, sincere gaze. Then he smiled easily as he slipped on some gray pants and reached for a dark red polo shirt. "Believe me, she's going to love you."
Taylor wasn't so sure about that. She put on the rest of her clothing while wishing she could change into a different outfit. As it was, her bag was in one of the guestrooms down the hall, where Vaughn had suggested she put her things so she could have some privacy with no pressure. Turned out she never needed or wanted to be anywhere but with him—in his bedroom.
How would she feel meeting Vaughn's daughter that he'd produced with another woman—his ex-wife? Perhaps the same way Vaughn would feel meeting Audra for the first time, Taylor surmised.
Meaning it would be a bit strange, awkward, and thought provoking.
* * *
"Nicole, I'd like you to meet Taylor," Vaughn said, sounding a little tense. "Taylor, this is my daughter, Nicole—"
The first thing that struck Taylor was how beautiful Nicole was. Her oval face with its fine bone structure was unblemished. She had bold blue eyes beneath thinly arched brows, a cute little nose, and an ample mouth. Like her father, she had a dimpled chin. She had a look about her that suggested self-assurance.
Nicole's long red hair was wavy and parted to the side. She was about Audra's height with a model-like thin figure, and dressed casually in a lavender sweater, black khakis, and tennis shoes. It occurred to Taylor that had the circumstances been slightly different, she could well have been looking at her own daughter.
"Hi," Nicole said, snapping Taylor from her trance.
"Hi," Taylor responded. She put on a bright smile and tried to hide her nervousness. For some reason, she felt like she was intruding on Nicole's space.
"Nicole flew in from Los Angeles this afternoon," Vaughn explained, as he and Taylor stood inches apart while Nicole looked on in the living room. "I just wish you'd told me in advance. I—we—would've been happy to pick you up at the airport," he said. "But since when does a daughter bother telling her father such things?"
Nicole batted her lashes as she looked from her father to Taylor and back again. "Sorry, but that would've ruined the surprise."
"Did your mother know you were coming?" Vaughn asked curiously, risking a furtive peek at Taylor.
"No, I wanted to surprise her, too," she said. "It seemed like a good idea at the time." Nicole looked at Taylor. "Sorry. I guess I should have called first."
Taylor felt the heat—or cold—stare of her gaze as Nicole looked her up and down, seemingly taking note of her hastily put on wrinkled clothing. She had applied a small amount of makeup and combed her hair to try to make herself somewhat presentable, but was afraid she came across as something less if Nicole were comparing her to her mother.
"You're even more gorgeous in person than on TV," Nicole told Taylor, surprising her in more ways than one.
Taylor glanced at Vaughn with mild shock, and back to Nicole. "You saw Forever Sweethearts?"
Obviously, Taylor thought, feeling slightly embarrassed, though flattered by the compliment.
Nicole grinned. "Are you kidding? I wouldn't have missed Dad's TV debut to see him reunite with his first love," Nicole said amusingly. "I thought it was sweet. I guess you guys really did belong together—"
Taylor looked at Vaughn, who seemed encouraged by the words, even though they were both well aware of the meandering journey that had brought them to this point. Not to mention the further implications that would likely present themselves down the line.
But Taylor also considered things from another vantage point while assessing the present situation. Nicole was the product of a broken home and now likely viewed her as a woman who had stolen her father's heart and was sharing his bed. Would Nicole somehow think of her as competition for Vaughn's love? Was that what it was like in today's splintered families: second-guessing about what went wrong or what should have gone right?
It made Taylor wonder how Audra would react, given the same situation. Would she hate her for leaving Paul? Or would she accept her relationship with Vaughn for what it was?
"Why don't I make us some coffee?" Vaughn volunteered, seemingly in a hurry to abandon ship and leave Taylor to come to terms with Nicole in this new tripartite. He eyed his daughter and added: "There's also hot chocolate, orange juice, and, yes, your favorite, Pepsi, too."
"Coffee's fine...with cream and sugar," she said.
"Cream and sugar it is," he told her. As an afterthought, Vaughn decided to ask, "How's Jarrod?" Jarrod was her live-in boyfriend.
Nicole rolled her eyes. "Well, he hasn't put a ring on my finger, if that's what you're asking." She faced Taylor, peering at her hand and noting the wedding band, then meeting her eyes.
Taylor reacted. She had a feeling Nicole was judging her for being an unfaithful wife. She had thought about removing the ring before coming, but feared she might lose it and then would have plenty of explaining to do. That was something she wanted to do only when the time was right.
Vaughn sighed. "Actually, I wasn't asking that," he said stiffly. "But now that you mention it, I think it's probably a good idea for you to put off any plans for marriage until after you graduate."
"I see—do as I say, but not as I do," Nicole scoffed. "Interesting..."
Vaughn set his jaw. He had married her mother while they were still attending Harvard. "Things were different back then," he said. "Besides, we were a little older than you are and in graduate school."
"Yeah, I know the story," she said with a sigh, "and how it all fell apart between you and Mom. You can be sure that I won't make the same mistake with Jarrod. And if we ever do get married, it won't be until we're well established in our careers, so you don't have to worry about that."
Vaughn felt like he had been punched in the gut over his failed marriage, as though he was solely to blame for it. On the other hand, he took some solace in Nicole's assurance that she would take more time before going down that path.
He looked at Taylor and wondered if she believed their marriage would have ended the same way had they followed through with the engagement or, for that matter, if the same would be true if they got a second chance at marrige.
"I'll just go make that coffee," Vaughn said, carrying his thoughts with him.
* * *
Now what do I say? Taylor asked herself now that she was alone with Nicole. This was new territory for her, but one she needed to familiarize herself with if there was going to be a future with her and Vaughn.
She gazed at Nicole tentatively. "Why don't we sit down?"
"Okay." Nicole nodded and sat on the loveseat.
Taylor sat beside her and offered a smile. "Your father's told me a lot about you." Actually, she thought, he'd told her painfully little about Nicole. Was that an error of omission?
"He's told me a lot about you, too," Nicole said unevenly.
"Really?" Taylor could only wonder what constituted a lot. Or did she really want to know?
Nicole nodded. "It seems like Dad's had the hots for you like forever." Nicole's eyes widened. "He even said that you two were once the hottest item on campus."
Taylor nearly laughed at the thought. "I'm not sure about that," she said honestly. "I don't think we were together long enough to have qualified as the hottest couple. Maybe lukewarm would be a better description."
Nicole chuckled then put a serious look on her face. "It's too bad it took Dad so long to finally go after you," she said. "He could've saved everyone a lot of trouble."
"Well, sometimes we make mistakes and don't realize it till later—much later," Taylor said, speaking as much for herself as Vaughn.
"Are you saying you made a mistake when you got married?" Nicole asked. "Or are you making a mistake now being with Dad...only you don't realize it yet?"
Taylor kept her cool, though she certainly felt challenged by the questions. "I've made my fair share of mistakes over the years, Nicole. We all do. It wasn't a mistake to not marry your father at a time when he wasn't ready. And it wasn't a mistake to marry the man I did. It was right at the time," she said evenly, if only to convince herself. "I have beautiful daughter because of it, and I couldn't imagine my life without her."
A look of understanding crossed Nicole's face. "I heard about her," she said. "It's Audra, right?"
"Yes," Taylor said, nodding. "As to being with your father right now, it's certainly complicated, but I don't think I'll ever see it as a mistake..."
"I know Dad feels the same way," Nicole said, glancing at Taylor. "If you continue to see each other, I think it might be cool to hang out with Audra sometime..."
Taylor smiled. "I'm sure she would like that."
That is once Audra got comfortable with the idea that I'm with someone other than her father, she mused.
Nicole favored her with a grin that was almost a carbon copy of her father's. "I still can't believe Dad actually went on a reality TV show to find you."
Taylor chuckled. "Well, if you want to know the truth, it caught me totally off guard, too." She wondered how long Nicole had been privy to Vaughn's plans.
"It must have been pretty scary getting together after all those years," Nicole said.
"That's an understatement," Taylor replied. "Petrified was probably more like it!"
Nicole stared at her with a look of bewilderment. "Isn't it weird?" she said. "I mean, it's like you could be my mother...and Audra, my little sister, if you and Dad had gotten married way back then..."
In that moment, feeling the near excitement in her words at the mere prospect, Taylor found herself almost wishing it were true.
"You're right—had things worked out that way," she allowed thoughtfully, finding it hard to believe they were having this conversation. Coming back to reality, she added: "But it seems like you turned out quite well, Nicole, from the two parents you have."
Nicole shrugged. "Yeah, I guess. But they didn't do so well, or at least not when they were together. They were probably mismatched from the very start." She sighed heavily and focused on Taylor with hard eyes. "Maybe if you and Dad hadn't broken up, you'd still be married today instead of trying to get back together...and my parents wouldn't be—"
Taylor could hear the pain in her voice. The sense of loss was palpable. Divorce of one's parents was, in many respects, as devastating as losing a parent to death. For the bond that connected the family would never quite be the same. Monica Emerson was going through a similar thing. It made Taylor wonder if Audra would be able to handle their breakup. Or would she forever carry a chip on her shoulder, and maybe even blame herself to some degree, if her parents split up.
Taylor felt she had to say something to try to put things in their proper perspective for Nicole. She leaned toward her and said: "I wish I could say that things would have been different had your father and I stayed together. But it wasn't meant to be. Not back then. And when you think about it, if we had gotten hitched, things might have turned out far worse. For one, Vaughn might never have met your mother and, heaven forbid, you might never have been born to become the beautiful and intelligent young woman you turned out to be—"
Nicole seemed to let her words sink in positively as Vaughn returned with a tray containing three steaming mugs of coffee and some donuts.
Vaughn hoped he could convince Nicole to stay a little longer than her planned three days. He really wanted his daughter and Taylor to get along. In fact, what he really wanted was for Nicole to someday be able to call Taylor her second mother. Right now, though, he'd settle for them being friends.
From the gist of things, it looked to Vaughn like they'd taken a step in the right direction. He put the tray down on the coffee table.
"Hope I didn't miss anything good," Vaughn quipped, hiding the fact that he was still nervous as hell, while at the same time enthusiastic about the future for all of them.
Taylor forced a smile as she reached for her mug. "You didn't," she told him, glad to have been able to share some one on one time with his daughter.
Nicole seemed to be fighting back tears. She put on a bright smile and, looking up at her father, said: "I was just about to ask Taylor what really happened back then to keep you guys from walking down the aisle. Or is that just between you two?"
Vaughn looked over at Taylor with sad eyes, as if asking for guidance. She held his gaze, determined to put the ball in his court.
"I think Vaughn is the best one to explain that to you, Nicole," Taylor said with a catch to her voice. She was curious to hear what he would tell Nicole, though the reason was etched in her memory forever.

CHAPTER FORTY-ONE

During the drive back to East Lansing, Taylor called home to see if Paul had left any messages on voicemail, since her cell phone had remained silent. There were none. It irritated her somewhat that he hadn't bothered to call her.
On the other hand, she wasn't really surprised he hadn't called since he was clearly more interested in his professional life than his personal life these days. And that included his wife. His ongoing lack of interest in their marriage had put their relationship at a crossroads and made her question everything she thought they had going for them.
Vaughn appreciates me in ways Paul never could, she thought, focusing on the highway in front of her. Maybe it wasn't always that way, but isn't it better late than never?
Feeling the need to connect with her family, Taylor called Audra, hoping to catch her in. She thought about Nicole and the prospect of them meeting one day. They were more alike than not. And Audra had always wanted to have a big sister. Maybe Nicole could fit that role nicely.
"Hello..." Taylor heard her daughter say through the speakerphone, before realizing it was a recorded message. "Sorry we missed each other. Leave a message and I'll get back to you as soon as I can..."
"This is your mother, Audra," Taylor identified herself, hoping it would get a reaction. "If you're there, please pick up..."
She waited, but got no response.
Taylor tried to sound cheery, masking her disappointment. "Well, I guess you're busy. I'm not really calling for any reason in particular," she said. "Just felt like hearing your voice from across the pond. I'll try again later. Hope all is well. Say hello to Jessie for me. Love you. Bye."
After disconnecting, Taylor realized she hadn't mentioned Paul at all in her message to Audra. It was as if he was beginning to play less and less of a role in her mind, and she could no longer deny that their relationship might have already reached the point of no return.
The fact that she was on her way home from Chicago and her affair with Vaughn, and Paul was halfway across the country doing his thing, spoke volumes as to the state of their marriage.
And the tugging at her heart.
* * *
"How did it go this time?" Taylor asked Paul casually at the dinner table the night he returned, mindful of the disruption of the previous seminar and subsequent rescheduling. This seemed like the one area where they could manage to carry on a conversation with more than just a few words.
"Went without a hitch," he said tonelessly while stirring the Chinese takeout food in the little white boxes that he had brought home. "Well, actually, there were a couple hitches," he said. "Two of the speakers nearly came to blows because of their sharply opposing views on guns and homicide. Someone in the audience yelled something like: Why don't they settle their damned differences with dueling pistols? The last man standing wins the argument!"
Paul put a generous helping of sweet and sour pork and white rice on two plates.
"It got a laugh, but wasn't really funny—not to me anyway," he snorted. "That's the problem these days. We tend to trivialize shooting a person to death as if we were watching a violent movie where no one really gets hurt. And, believe me, Hollywood is capitalizing on this casual disregard for human life among people who call themselves intelligent!"
Taylor studied the pork and rice on her plate. When did he start taking everything so seriously? she wondered.
Paul used to be the one making jokes. Now he seemed cynical about everything. And everyone.
Including her.
Was this a symptom of their failing marriage? Or was it a personality defect that seemed to be getting worse with each passing day?
Taylor noticed that Paul was looking a bit fatigued and weathered. Indeed, he appeared to be aging right before her eyes. Everything from his thinning hairline to the heavy bags beneath his eyes suggested a man whose physical deterioration was accelerating faster than his nearly fifty-five years of age. Was he working too hard and stressing himself out to the point of putting his health at risk?
She decided not to bring it up right now, knowing he would flatly reject any suggestion that he didn't look well and would certainly rule out going to see a doctor.
I can't make a grown and stubborn man do anything he doesn't want to do, she thought, perturbed.
Scooping up some rice and pork, Taylor turned her attention back to the present discussion on violence in society and Hollywood, in particular. 
"So do you really blame at least part of the problem of homicides in this country on the trivializing of violence in movies?" She raised a skeptical eyebrow at him.
Paul played with his glasses and pondered the question, as if surprised she had challenged him on this. "Damned right I do. I think Hollywood needs to clean up its act. I read that a person is shot or shot at once every thirty seconds on average in films," he said. "And how many times have we seen terrorists in movies or on television shamefully emulating what we all know happened in real life, as though somehow sanctioning modern day violence? What does that tell you about our society?"
"That people enjoy seeing violence to some degree, as long as it's make believe," Taylor said with a touch of cynicism between bites. "Hollywood simply accommodates this craving. But that doesn't mean most of society condones using guns to shoot or threaten people frivolously."
"Well it's not most of society we have to worry about," Paul countered argumentatively. "It's people with a few loose screws who are prone to violence that scare the hell out of me. And it should scare you, too—"
Taylor chose not to respond, as he was clearly in a debating mood, but always about the wrong things.
They continued to eat in silence, before she said: "Audra called..." Never mind the fact that it was in response to the message she'd left on her voicemail.
Paul sipped his wine. "Yeah? What's going on with her?" he asked distractedly.
"Not much," Taylor admitted. "She's busy with her studies and spending time with Jessie."
Paul frowned. "Jessie seems like a nice young man with a bright future," he said hesitantly. "That said, I hope Audra doesn't let her raging hormones get in the way of the big picture in making a decent life for herself."
Paul's comment made Taylor think about her own hormones, which were raging, but not for her husband.
"I'm sure Audra knows what she's doing and won't compromise her future by being reckless," Taylor said confidently. She was less certain about the situation she'd gotten herself into.
Paul nodded impassively, but Taylor wasn't sure he'd heard a word she said. So she added: "Audra did say that she was feeling a bit homesick, but had no plans to come back anytime soon."
Paul hunched his shoulder and seemed to snap back to attention. "Well, Audra knows how to get here whenever she's ready to visit us."
It sounded to Taylor like he had accepted that their little girl was now a grown woman and a visitor when she came home. In other words, he was in no hurry for Audra to intrude upon their space now that she had vacated it—even though she had left to attend his alma mater.
Whereas, in Taylor's mind, Audra would always be welcome anytime as their daughter, not a guest! Much like she imagined Nicole was welcomed in Vaughn's home, even if she did just happen to show up unannounced recently.
There was so much Taylor wanted to say to Paul, yet she wasn't sure how. Where would she begin? Or end?
"So what have you been up to?" he surprised her by asking.
Even as she contemplated an appropriate answer, Taylor forced herself to relax and said: "Oh, just writing, reading...you know, stuff around the house..."
Paul touched his glasses, looking at her intently. "Sounds like pretty boring stuff to me. But what do I know about it?"
Taylor frowned. "Sometimes we still have to do things, even if they sound boring to others," she said. She hadn't meant to take his remark personally. After all, in reality she had just spent two excitement-filled days away from home, doing none of those things.
Paul left it at that, branching off onto another subject.
Taylor tried to fight off the mixed feelings she had about deceiving him. She had fallen in love for the second time with another man, made passionate love to Vaughn for two days that could have stretched into forever, and found that she wanted more and more to be with him all the time.
But she felt a marital, if not sexual, obligation to Paul. One that Taylor wasn't sure he shared.
* * *
They were in bed, which had become an increasingly uncomfortable experience for Taylor—largely because Paul had rarely seemed to notice her in recent months—when he mentioned, almost as an afterthought, that his parents were possibly going to relocate.
"They're thinking about moving to Florida," he muttered. His hands were behind his head on the pillow to prop his head up.
"Since when?" Taylor faced his silhouetted profile in the darkness.
"Mom mentioned it in the note she sent with the Christmas card," Paul answered casually.
She reached over and turned on her bedside lamp. "But that was over two months ago," she said sharply. That fact alone disturbed Taylor and was symptomatic of their communication problems. "Did it somehow slip your mind, or were you just waiting for the right time to tell me?" she asked sarcastically. Not that she necessarily wanted or expected to be kept abreast on everything his parents did or didn't do. Mainly, it was the principal of the matter and the fact that he'd chosen to keep it to himself as if some dirty little secret.
"It didn't seem important at the time," he said tonelessly.
"What makes it important now?" Taylor asked.
Paul sighed. "I need to meet them in Fort Lauderdale to look at some potential properties."
I? Why not we? Taylor wondered. Of course, she realized that Paul had never gone out of his way to include her in any trips involving his parents that he didn't have to. She also doubted that her presence was particularly desired by his parents who, even after all these years of marriage, were virtual strangers to Taylor.
That didn't stop her from remembering that she was still Paul's wife and, with that, came certain obligations, if only out of tradition.
She looked at him. "When?"
"This weekend," he responded flatly.
"That's only three days from now," she said, as if he didn't realize it or remember that he'd just come back from another solo trip.
He frowned. "I know," he said. "The timing isn't perfect."
Yeah, so what else is new, she thought. "What did you tell them?"
He hesitated and glanced at her. "I said I'd come." He looked away. "It was the right thing to do. I wouldn't want some hot shot realtor trying to take advantage of them."
Taylor had no reason to believe the Hollands weren't perfectly capable of taking care of themselves. But, clearly, they enjoyed using their son as a crutch and he seemed more than willing to accommodate them after all these years of adulthood.
"Do you want me to come with you?" she asked dutifully.
"Not unless you want to—" Paul said as if he knew putting the onus on her would make it easier for him. "If you have something better to do, then you should probably do it."
Taylor could certainly think of plenty of things she'd rather do than tag along and spend time with in-laws who thought of her as either "the wife" or the woman who didn't deserve Paul. But something inside made Taylor feel that this should be a time of sharing and equal input in the decision-making process, should it be wanted. Perhaps accompanying him to Florida might be a way to somehow reconnect with Paul and, in the process, save their marriage.
It seemed that she owed them both at least that much.
"I'll go with you," she told him, twisting her body in his direction. "As long as you don't think I'll be in the way."
Paul remained silent for longer than he should have, making it clear to Taylor that she had given him the wrong answer.
When he did speak, Paul clearly implied that he would rather go alone.
"Actually, you would probably just make things more difficult," he told her. "Since my parents seem to be serious about this move, I'm sure they'd rather spend less time entertaining my wife and more time looking at properties in hopes of finding one that works for them."
Taylor couldn't recall a time when George and Betty Holland had ever entertained her. Of the very few times she had visited them, which was always with Paul, they rarely did anything more than sit around and talk about their aches and pains, the would-be wife that got away, and, of course, their precious son who could do no wrong in their eyes.
Hiding her disappointment and now wishing she had not made the offer, Taylor turned away and uttered meekly: "Okay, so I won't go—"
Paul drew in breath, as if with relief, removing his hands from behind his head. "I figured I'd head out Friday evening after my last class and come back sometime Sunday afternoon," he said, as if it was already laid out in his mind.
"Fine," Taylor said curtly. She reached over and turned out the light. She saw no reason to debate the issue further, as they would only end up going around in circles with her getting the short end of the stick.
As had been the case lately, Taylor expected Paul to turn "his" way and go to sleep. It was something she desperately wanted to do herself.
But Paul seemed to have other things on his mind. Or one thing in particular—her.
He moved up against Taylor's back and aligned his body with hers so their legs and feet were touching. She could feel his cold hand as it made its way inside her nightgown, up her leg, then stomach, until he reached her breasts and began caressing them, one after the other.
Taylor wasn't sure if it was the chill of his rough fingers brushing across her nipple, or the shock of Paul touching her after seemingly avoiding her for so long as if she had a contagious disease. Either way, it surprised her somewhat to realize that his touch was more of a turn off than a turn on. She pushed his hand down hard until he removed it from beneath her gown.
Taylor could almost see the bewilderment on Paul's face. Or was it flat out annoyance that it was she who actually seemed to be rejecting his advances rather than the other way around, though any attempts by either of them had been almost nonexistent until now.
He tried again, this time running his hand up and down her thigh and in between her legs. Once again, Taylor resisted his touch, even when she wanted to do just the opposite if only because he was, after all, her husband.
"Don't, Paul." Her voice was steadfast. She stilled his hand.
"Why not?" he asked and she could hear his breathing become heavier.
"I'm just not in the mood tonight." Taylor hated herself for saying what she had always believed to be a lame excuse by both women and men, especially those who were married and should be comfortable enough with their spouse to be more specific and honest. But there were times when there were extenuating circumstances that could not be fully disclosed. Like the fact that she was no longer sexually attracted to her husband, but was sexually attracted to her lover and old flame. "I'm sorry, Paul," she said ruefully, though the sound of her voice suggested otherwise.
He did not put up an argument. In fact, without so much as another word, Paul moved his hand and body away from hers, leaving as much space between them as possible without falling off the bed.
Taylor lay awake for at least an hour afterward, tears staining her pillowcase. There seemed to be no easy answer to facing the changing realities of her life. As if she ever thought it would be easy.
She was torn between two men who were as different as night and day. Venus and Mars. The past, present, and quite possibly the future.
The burden Taylor carried in not being able to give herself fully to either man was enormous. She only wanted what any woman—or man, for that matter—wanted. To be loved, wanted, needed, and respected by a person who she could give the same back to in volumes.
It was clear to Taylor that Paul was not that man. Not anymore. Maybe he never was.
But was Vaughn the man who could be all these things to her, and then some?
Could she risk giving her very soul to him again only to have him possibly rip out her heart, from which she would surely never recover?
Taylor dried her eyes with the blanket, and turned toward her husband who lay precariously perched on the edge of the bed, snoring. She wanted to touch him, hold him, reassure him, but knew it would make no difference. She couldn't feel what was no longer there. Feelings that she now sadly realized hadn't been there for quite a while. She had been fooling herself for a long time, but couldn't any longer.
In that moment, Taylor suddenly knew instinctively what her mind and body had already come to terms with. She would never be able to make love to Paul again.

CHAPTER FORTY-TWO

Taylor thought about the twists and turns her life had taken over the last quarter of a century. The good had been jumbled with the bad like it was one big pot of gumbo soup. It was hard to separate what had happened with what could have happened had destiny been in a better or worse frame of mind.
Whereas Taylor had once lost Vaughn, she had now found him. Would fate be so cruel as to deny them once more whatever it was they seemed to be gravitating toward?
And where did that leave Paul? she wondered. Shouldn't I do whatever I can to try to make my marriage work?
Even though that seemed like an almost impossible task.
These thoughts spun through Taylor's head like a top while she pored over articles on microfilm at the library on campus. She hoped to find a bit more information to add to her book, which was nearly completed.
But her attention swayed back and forth between the microfilm and a planned rendezvous with Vaughn later that afternoon at the Kellogg Center. With Paul still in Florida, it seemed like a perfect opportunity to see Vaughn. She missed him a lot, as if she hadn't seen him in months instead of days.
Taylor honestly didn't know if she was looking for a sturdy shoulder to cry on. A person to tell her she would be loved and cherished for years to come no matter what she looked like. Someone to cuddle up to. Make love to. Love with each piece of her heart.
Or maybe all of the above.
I'll just play it by ear and whatever happens, happens, Taylor told herself, feeling a bit nervous and excited at the same time.
* * *
Taylor left the library at forty-thirty in the afternoon and drove to the Kellogg Center. She turned on the CD player and listened to "Green-Eyed Lady," putting a smile on her face as she thought about the one who had given it to her.
A detour on Harrison Road due to road construction sent Taylor away from her normal route before she was able to get to the hotel. She saw an ambulance with its lights flashing parked in front of the Kellogg Center just before she turned and entered the parking garage.
After phoning Vaughn to say that she was on her way up and hearing the enthusiasm in his voice, Taylor walked across the parking garage toward the hotel's entrance. She couldn't help but notice in passing a silver BMW, very much like the one Paul drove, parked next to a blue Toyota. She paid little attention, knowing that he wasn't the only one who drove a silver BMW. Besides, her husband was in Fort Lauderdale.
And she was about to continue her rendezvous with her college sweetheart.
After going through the hotel's sliding double doors, Taylor made her way through the lobby. She could see up ahead two paramedics wheeling someone on a stretcher out of the elevator. She couldn't make out the person, other than it was an older adult male who appeared to be in distress.
Then Taylor saw a young woman get off the elevator. She was rather sloppily dressed, as if she'd put her on clothes in a hurry. She never looked Taylor's way, as her mind seemed preoccupied.
Is that Monica Emerson? Taylor thought, doing a double take. Yes, it was definitely Monica, she felt certain. What was she doing here? And with whom?
Instinctively, it became clear to Taylor that Monica was with the man on the stretcher as she struggled to keep pace with the paramedics.
She's having an affair with a much older man, Taylor thought, while trying not to pass judgment, considering her own reason for being there. But that didn't make it any less surprising. Taylor imagined the attractive coed would have no problem dating someone closer to her own age, if that's what she wanted.
Who she chooses to sleep with is none of my concern, Taylor told herself. Still, there was something strange about Monica's presence at the hotel. And even stranger, with a slice of familiarity, was the man lying on the stretcher.
Taylor couldn't help but think about the BMW she saw in the parking garage. She hadn't bothered to look at the license plate, not believing she needed to. Now she began to wonder if it was possible that it was her husband on the stretcher.
Or am I just panicking for no reason, other than sorrow for Monica and her lover? Taylor thought. 
She took out her cell phone and dialed Paul's cell phone. When it went right to his voicemail, she asked him to call her as soon as possible.
But what if he wasn't up to that for reasons beyond his control? Like being incapacitated?
Taylor called his parents' number. Her pulse quickened as the phone rang. She hoped Paul was with them so her fears could be quelled.
"Hello." The booming voice was clearly George Holland's.
"Hi, George." Taylor could hear the tremor in her voice, which sounded like it belonged to someone else.
"Taylor—is that you?" There was the slightest note of alarm in George's inflection.
"Yes," she responded evenly. "I was wondering if I could speak to Paul. He's not picking up his phone."
There was a long pause, as if George was taken aback and considering how to respond. "Paul's not here," he said with a catch to his voice. "Was he supposed to be?"
Taylor's palms grew sweaty. Was it possible that George was having a mental lapse? Or had Paul lied to her? "He told me he was meeting you and Betty in Fort Lauderdale to look at some real estate you were interested in buying," she said.
Again, George was slow in answering. Taylor could hear some muffled words, then a muffled response from Betty.
When he did speak into the phone again, George said uneasily: "Actually, we already settled things with Paul on the phone. We decided to put off our plans to relocate till summer." George paused. "Maybe he went to a conference or something and you got things mixed up, Taylor—"
She could sense that he didn't believe that any more than she did. George was obviously trying to provide cover for his son. This angered Taylor as the reality of where Paul was began to dawn on her.
"Is there something wrong with you—or Audra?" George asked worriedly.
"It's Paul," Taylor responded tensely.
"What about him?"
"That's what I need to find out..." Taylor left it at that as she raced toward the exit and ambulance, where she was certain she would find her husband.
And his mistress.
Forgotten for the moment was her tryst with Vaughn, who would be waiting and wondering where she was...
CHAPTER FORTY-THREE

It didn't take long for Vaughn to realize that something wasn't right. After all, Taylor had phoned him to say she was in the parking garage and on her way up to his room. He'd already poured drinks for them to enjoy before getting down to the business of passion and pleasure.
But she never showed up.
After getting no answer on her cell phone, he went downstairs to look for Taylor, worried that maybe she hurt herself or something.
Vaughn could not locate the love of his life in the lobby or garage and wondered if she had somehow gotten cold feet and decided to leave without bothering to call.
It made no sense to him and wasn't her style. Certainly not since they had become lovers again. Not to mention it had been her idea that they get together this afternoon with her husband out of town on business.
Maybe Paul had called her with a last minute change of his travel plans, forcing Taylor to alter her plans.
Or what if she had been accosted? Though the Kellogg Center was a luxury hotel and an unlikely place for muggers and rapists, Vaughn didn't discount it altogether, knowing that crime on campus could happen anywhere at any time. Just as it could off campus.
If something had happened to Taylor, he would never forgive himself. Nor could Vaughn even begin to imagine spending his life without Taylor, now that he had found her again.
I'm not going to get too carried away thinking that she met with foul play, he told himself wisely. Nor would he jump to any other wild conclusions before he spoke to Taylor.
He tried her cell phone again and it went directly to voicemail.
"It's Vaughn," he said. "Where are you? You've got me a little concerned. Call me. I'll be up in the room..."
Vaughn took the elevator back up. He wondered if Taylor might actually be waiting by the door to surprise him. The thought aroused Vaughn and he imagined them ripping each other's clothes off and attacking each other lustfully on the spot.
We're soul mates through and through, he thought. It may have taken half his lifetime to figure that out, but the important thing was that he had before it was too late. Whatever it took, he planned to be there for Taylor—until they could be together for the rest of their lives.
But this pledge did nothing to alleviate Vaughn's uneasiness that something had happened. Something that would have an impact on their relationship in the most profound way.
When there was no Taylor waiting to greet him, the notion weighed even more heavily on Vaughn's mind.
He paced around the room, before tasting his drink thoughtfully. The buzz of his cell phone drew Vaughn's attention. He took it out of his pocket and saw that it was Taylor calling, making him smile and wonder at the same time.
"What happened to you?" he asked without preface. "Where did you go—?"
"Oh, Vaughn..." Taylor said, her voice cracking with emotion.
He swallowed the lump in his throat. "What's wrong?" She sounded like she had been crying. Or still was.
There was no immediate response, as if Taylor was searching for words that seemed to elude her.
"Are you all right?" Vaughn asked uneasily. He pressed the phone to his ear so hard that it hurt. He could hear her choking sobs and sniffles. "Please tell me what's going on..."
"Paul...h-had a...heart attack—" Taylor said, choking back more sobs.
Vaughn's immediate reaction was shock and sorrow. The last thing he wanted to see was Taylor in pain, even if it was a potential roadblock to their relationship moving forward.
"Where?" he asked. He assumed her husband was in Florida, meaning that she would likely want to go there in his hour of need. Or was it a fatal heart attack?
"It...it happened on campus," she told him unevenly.
Vaughn cocked a brow. "I thought he was in Fort Lauderdale?"
"So did I..." Taylor said. She paused, and then continued in a toneless voice: "My husband was in a room at the Kellogg Center, having sex with a twenty-year-old student when he had the heart attack..."
"What—?" Vaughn switched the phone to his other ear as though it would make a difference in her stunning words. Not lost on him was the irony of the situation, sad as it was.
"Now he's at the hospital fighting for his life and I'm losing my mind wondering what to feel...what not to feel—" Taylor uttered miserably.
"I'm sorry, Taylor," Vaughn said, "I really am."
It was all Vaughn could manage, though he knew she needed much more support than that. He could almost read her mind. She was probably thinking that she was somehow being punished for her own indiscretions. Of course, that couldn't be further from the truth. Whatever Paul was doing, that was all about him and his girl toy, not Taylor.
"Do you want me to come to the hospital?" Vaughn asked. He knew what the answer would be before he even asked the question, but he had to ask. As it was, he wanted nothing more in the world than to be by her side to comfort her in any way that he could.
"I don't think that would be a good idea," Taylor said, as expected. "The situation is already complicated enough. There's no reason to add to it with your presence, even if I could use a shoulder to cry on... Your shoulder..."
"I understand," he offered respectfully, wondering if these new complications would somehow spell doom for them. After a moment or two, Vaughn asked hesitantly: "Do you want me to wait here for you? I can stay until tomorrow. We can talk or whatever—"
Taylor sighed. "I think you should go home, Vaughn," she said quietly. "Right now, I need to be here for my husband. I'm sorry."
"Don't be sorry, Taylor," he said. This was tearing him apart, but he tried to put up a good front. "You're absolutely right—you should be there for him, without the distraction I'd bring to the situation." He paused, imagining what would happen if the circumstances were reversed, and then put his cards on the table. "Listen, whatever happens I want you to know that I love you and won't give up on us. You know where to find me when you're ready to."
"Thank you," Taylor said emotionally. "I have to go now." She waited a moment before saying softly: "I love you, too..."
Vaughn held onto the phone after Taylor hung up, as if it was glued to his hand. He took some comfort in her last words...giving him reason to believe that there would still be a future for them when the dust settled.
But another side of Vaughn feared that his dream of a life with Taylor may have hit a serious snag and there wasn't a damned thing he could do about it other than pray that things would still work out as they were meant to when all was said and done.
In the meantime, all he could do was wait. And contemplate the past and the present, and the future implications of each.

CHAPTER FORTY-FOUR

Taylor's hands were trembling as she called Audra at Oxford University. It was nearly eleven p.m. in England and she assumed that Audra was in bed asleep—alone. Or should she assume that, given her romantic involvement with Jessie? Either way, it didn't really matter right now. Taylor knew that she couldn't keep this from her daughter, and there was no such thing as good timing in doing so.
She had just spoken to Vaughn and hated that their relationship now hung in the balance while Paul's condition took center stage. Though Taylor found herself in a difficult position, having essentially caught Paul cheating with one of his students—their student—and having a heart attack in the process—he was still her husband and deserved her loyalty. At least for now.
Audra answered on the fourth ring, sounding cheerful as usual.
That made it all the more difficult for Taylor to say what she had to. "You father's in the hospital," she said with a shaky voice.
Audra gasped loudly into the phone. "Was he in an accident?" Audra asked, as though never considering any other reason.
"They think he had a heart attack," Taylor said, leaving out the details of Paul's tryst that had apparently brought on the heart attack. Not to mention the circumstances that had placed her and Paul at the same hotel with separate agendas.
"Is he going to be okay?" Audra asked.
Taylor could hear the fear in her daughter's voice as she likely imagined the worst-case scenario. She shared this apprehension, but tried not to let it show.
"I don't know," she responded honestly.
Audra sighed. "Well, have you talked to Dad?"
Taylor considered the question and recalled the events that had unfolded leading up to this point. In fact, she had missed the ambulance that had already taken off with its patient from the hotel before she could verify that it was Paul.
Even after she established that it was his car in the parking garage, Taylor had still held out hope that he was at the hotel for some other reason and not en route to the hospital, presumably with his mistress.
But then she got a call from someone at Sparrow Hospital who told her that Paul was in the ER, the apparent victim of a heart attack. Of course, there was no mention of the specific circumstances involved. And they said nothing about his young lover.
Taylor was nearly speechless, not quite knowing what to say and to whom. It was almost as if she was in the middle of a bad dream or living someone else's life.
Snapping back to the present, she told Audra: "No, I haven't talked to him yet."
"Well, I'm taking the first flight home," Audra said flatly.
"Why don't you hold off on that for now," Taylor said, "until I learn more about his condition. Hopefully, he'll be fine. He wouldn't want you coming all the way back to the States if you don't have to. As soon as I hear anything, I'll let you know."
"Mom, I'm coming!" Audra was insistent. "He's my father and I want to be there with him and you...no matter what happens—"
Though Taylor feared that the situation could be explosive with her, Audra, and Monica in the same space, she agreed that it was Audra's right to be there. And she needed her daughter at a time when they both had to be strong for Paul and for each other.
* * *
Taylor sat uncomfortably in the waiting area at the hospital as doctors continued to work on her husband. Her thoughts were incoherent at this point as she tried to imagine Paul having sex with Monica, while for months he'd denied her the same intimacy. Could that explain his lack of desire for her? Had the young, sexy body of a troubled, yet very impressionable female student caused Paul to lose perspective on what was really important?
Her. Them. Their daughter.
Taylor thought briefly about Vaughn and her own indiscretion. Even if she felt it was meant to be for all the right reasons, she couldn't help but wonder if things might have been different if her marriage had not crumbled before her very eyes. If her husband had not abandoned her physically and emotionally, apparently for greener and much younger pastures.
She wondered how it had all come down to this and whether or not she bore any responsibility for it. Could she have been a better wife to Paul to keep him from going after someone young enough to be his daughter? And what could Monica have ever seen in Paul to want to be with someone old enough to be her father or even grandfather? Unless there was some sort of strange paternal bonding going on between them that eventually developed into a sexual relationship.
It occurred to Taylor that some people in the hospital may have even thought that Monica was actually Paul's wife, the way she was sticking by him through this ordeal as if she had nothing better to do.
Taylor shook off her thoughts about betrayal and returned to the moment at hand. Her husband was sick and it was she, not Monica, who should be with him in his moment of need—whether that's what he wanted or not.
Suddenly feeling like she had to do something, Taylor stood up. She glanced over at Monica who was leaning up against the wall in a corner all by her lonesome. She looked like a lost puppy.
After being unable to speak to Monica about anything other than briefly asking her what had happened to Paul, Taylor felt compelled to confront the young woman who had managed to entice her husband in a way that she couldn't herself in recent memory. Monica had chosen to stay at the hospital until Paul's status was determined. Though commendable, Taylor felt it only furthered the betrayal of her husband and his young mistress.
"Just tell me how long this has been going on between you and my husband," Taylor said bluntly, trying to keep her voice from resounding throughout the waiting area.
Monica looked at her through eyes reddened from tears. She stared at the question before responding hesitantly: "Almost a year."
Taylor's heart sank. For almost a year Paul had carried on with a twenty-year-old student—who could have even been nineteen when it started—while he made her feel inadequate as a woman and a wife. How long had he—they—been prepared to continue their sexual relationship? Had Paul planned to pretend theirs was a whole marriage indefinitely, when he knew it was anything but that?
"I know you must hate me, Professor Holland," Monica said assuredly, twisting a finger nervously around a strand of long hair, "but I'm in love with Paul...Professor Holland—"
Taylor gritted her teeth, doubting seriously that she knew the first thing about true love. Then Taylor recalled how she had felt about Vaughn when she was around Monica's age. How Audra seemed to feel about Jessie. And how Nicole felt about her boyfriend. What the hell did age have to do with it? Or, for that matter, that one or the other happened to be married, happily or not.
She wondered if Paul was also in love with Monica. Was that what his affair with her boiled down to?
Taylor shot Monica a hard gaze. "You deceived me when you came to my house and asked for my help," she spat, as if any of it mattered now. "I trusted you and you abused that trust in the worst possible way."
Monica began to cry again. "I'm sorry," she said. "Neither of us planned for this to happen. We both just needed someone to talk to and we grew closer over time until it turned sexual. Then things started to snowball out of control until we...fell in love—" Her voice broke as if she'd just realized what she had said and to whom. "If Paul dies, I swear I'll never forgive myself..."
Taylor knew that Monica meant it in her own way and if Paul died it would only add to the trauma Monica was already experiencing after her mother's tragic death. Forgetting for the moment her desire to blame Monica for Paul's infidelity, for some reason Taylor suddenly felt compelled to comfort the girl as though she were her own daughter.
The truth was, it was her husband who had made the decision to be with a college student. He had chosen to seek out the attention and affection of another woman, all the while making Taylor feel less than whole, until she ultimately sought comfort elsewhere and found love in the process.
She hugged Monica as though duty-bound. "You're not responsible for Paul's heart attack," Taylor told her firmly. "He was the one who chose not to have an annual checkup that might have spotted the warning signs. These things happen sometimes, even under the best of circumstances." And certainly the worst, she thought; then added, as though lessening the impact for both of them: "Being with you obviously made him happy and you can't fault yourself for that."
And neither can I, Taylor mused sadly. If the truth be told, she had lost her husband a long time ago in both spirit and body, if not in person. Neither of them wanted to admit it. Maybe they should have before now.
She clung to Monica and they cried together, though not necessarily for the same reasons.
* * *
Please let him be okay, Taylor prayed silently for her husband after waiting seemingly forever for word on his condition. No matter what their personal problems were or what may lie ahead for them, she certainly didn't want Paul to die or to become incapacitated to the point of no return. That in itself, she believed, would be akin to a death sentence for someone like him.
The doctor finally emerged through the double doors. Wearing crumpled green scrubs, he was tall and of medium build, in his mid forties. A thatch of gray hair was matted against his scalp and separated from the thinning hair in the back.
"Mrs. Holland—" He looked at Taylor, then over her shoulder at Monica, who kept her distance, but was still within hearing range. "I'm Doctor Rasmussen."
Taylor tried to read the expression on his flushed face, which had deep irregular brow lines and weary gray eyes, but found it to be unreadable. So she held her breath and waited for him to continue.
"As you were told earlier, your husband had an MI—myocardial infarction—or heart attack..."
Taylor put her hands to her mouth as if caught completely by surprise. In fact, she had suspected for a long time that Paul needed to see a doctor, and had told him as much, but he shot down the idea at every turn. Maybe he knew he was at a high risk for a heart attack and chose to ignore all the signs until it caught up to him—literally.
"Is he going to live?" Was all she could think to say, dreading his answer.
Doctor Rasmussen did not respond with a yes or no. Instead, he said calmly: "We'll do everything we can to get him through this. Your husband has coronary artery disease, or a blockage of the coronary arteries that provide blood to his heart. A balloon angioplasty will have to be performed to open up the blocked blood vessels. If everything goes well, I will be able tell you more about his condition afterward—"
"Can I see him?" Taylor asked, feeling as if her legs would give out from under her at any moment.
He frowned. "Maybe it would be best if you waited."
"Please, I need to see him, before you do this..." she insisted, feeling she owed it to Paul to let him know that she was there for him. Even if his mistress was also present.
With Taylor's eyes locked on his, the doctor relented, saying: "All right. But we're about to take your husband to the cardiac catheterization lab. You can speak to him for a minute or two, but I doubt he'll be in very good shape to respond..."
It was a chance Taylor was willing to take. Besides, she felt it was more important for him to listen...not speak.
She fixed her eyes on Monica, who was silent and looked ill at ease...perhaps thinking not only of Paul, but her own mother's death—and Taylor somehow felt a connection between them, odd as it may seem. She nodded at the young woman, and then followed Doctor Rasmussen through the double doors.
Taylor approached Paul, who was on a gurney surrounded by a team of nurses and technicians. She was allowed to squeeze in between them and then leaned in close to her husband. He looked dazed, pained, and frightened, with oxygen tubes in his nostrils and electrodes running from his chest to a portable monitor. She could detect the faint smell of Monica's perfume on him, mixed with perspiration and distinct hospital odors. He wasn't wearing his glasses and she wondered if Paul could make out her face and read the sorrow in it.
"I'm here, Paul," Taylor said shakily, taking his hand, which was as cold as ice. "Audra's on her way," she added, hoping it would give Paul something else to hang onto as he went into surgery.
"She didn't need to come," Paul said in a raspy whisper.
"She wanted to," Taylor said. "Your daughter can be pretty stubborn at times."
"Yeah, I guess," he said, grimacing. "I'm sorry...I really screwed up."
"You had a heart attack," she told him as if he had no idea. "It could have happened anywhere, any time."
"But it didn't," he said. He clutched her hand, showing surprising strength under the circumstances. "You know about me and Monica, don't you?"
Taylor wanted to deny it, especially with others looking on, no doubt listening to every word they said. She knew Paul needed to ease his conscience, but she wasn't prepared to go there in the current setting.
"We can talk about that later," she said. "Right now, the important thing is to get you well."
Paul coughed wickedly. "No, listen to me, Taylor," he struggled to say. "If this surgery doesn't go as planned, I just want you to know that it had nothing to do with you...or us." He paused to catch his breath. "It was about me and only me. I needed to prove to myself that I was still capable as a man. Please don't blame yourself—or Monica..."
"I'll try not to," Taylor promised, knowing it was a promise she couldn't keep. Both she and Monica had to share at least some of the blame. Yet Taylor also believed that by shutting her out, Paul had not really given them a chance to deal with his insecurities. Or hers, for that matter.
"I still love you," Paul surprised her by saying. "And I never meant to hurt you..."
"I know," she told him, wiping away tears. In reality, she knew no such thing, as his actions suggested otherwise. "Let's just get through this and then we'll have all the time in the world to make amends to each other."
With that, Taylor kissed her husband on the lips, while trying not to think about Monica Emerson doing the same thing—and much more—a few hours ago.
She watched as Paul was whisked down the corridor and out of her sight, knowing that his fate was now in the hands of those treating him.
* * *
When Doctor Rasmussen came into the waiting area less than an hour later, it took only one look at his anguished face for Taylor to know that the news was not good.
"Your husband suffered a fatal heart attack during the procedure," he said glumly and then paused for several seconds. "We did everything in our power to save him, but we were unable to. His heart muscle was just too damaged to bring him back. I'm terribly sorry for your loss—"
Taylor watched as the doctor's molten gray eyes shifted between her and Monica, as if unsure which one to console.
As Monica burst into tears, all Taylor could think about was holding it together and being there for Audra as she dealt with the unexpected death of her father.

CHAPTER FORTY-FIVE

Taylor sat at the computer in her home office typing away on her second book. The first book had been sold by her agent, Phyllis Connick—who had been recommended by Vaughn—and was already published. It had been a year since Paul's untimely death, and Taylor had dealt with her grief, guilt, and other mixed emotions by pouring herself into her writings, teaching, gardening, and doing what she could to help Audra move on with her life.
This left little room for Vaughn, whom Taylor had not seen in a year, feeling she simply was not ready to pursue a relationship with him or anyone else. She wasn't sure if she ever would be. It seemed as if the men in her life had abandoned her one way or the other, making Taylor wonder if she was just better off alone.
Though he was clearly disappointed, Vaughn had not pressed her, respecting Taylor's need for time alone to recover at her own pace. They had continued to exchange e-mails and phone calls on occasion, keeping them strictly platonic at Taylor's request. She was grateful for this outlet, even though she knew Vaughn wanted more. But she was incapable of giving him anything more than friendship at this point.
I just hope he can forgive me and get on with his life, she thought, believing it was probably the best thing for all concerned.
Taylor thought about Monica Emerson. She had taken Paul's death nearly as hard as she and Audra had, which made Taylor realize that, against all odds, Monica must have truly loved Paul. Even though she likely represented little more to Paul than someone he was infatuated with and chose to pursue to help recapture his youth and sexual desire. Taylor would never know for sure how he felt about Monica, and it was probably better that way.
Monica's friends convinced her to seek counseling and she apparently did so successfully. The last Taylor had heard, Monica was attending graduate school at Stanford University and was dating someone closer to her own age.
"Enough is enough," the disgruntled voice broke Taylor from her reverie. She looked up at Audra, who came storming into the office. She was home during a school break.
"What's wrong?" Taylor stopped typing, widening her eyes.
Audra sneered and said: "You're the problem, Mom! Will you look at yourself—all you do is work, work, work, as if you'd be totally lost without it. I came all the way from England to spend some time with you and I feel like you're hardly even aware that I'm here."
Taylor lifted a brow whimsically. "I'm sorry, honey," she said. "I guess I just got caught up in my little world here. I didn't mean to neglect you."
"Well, you can make up for it right now," she declared, and tugged at her mother's arm. "Get up. We're going to take a walk. It's a gorgeous spring day and we could both use some fresh air."
Taylor was tempted to say no, but she didn't. The book could wait, but Audra couldn't. After all, she was the most important person in her life.
She allowed Audra to drag her from her chair. "I'll just go change into—"
"What you have on is just fine, Mom," Audra said sternly, surveying her outfit of a red sweater, navy pants, and black leather mocs.
In turn, Taylor looked at her daughter, who always seemed ready to go. She was wearing jeans, a light brown jacket over a blue shirt, and tennis shoes. She wore only a touch of makeup, and her long hair was pulled back into a ponytail.
"All right, all right, you win." Taylor threw her arms up in mock defeat, happy she had combed her hair and washed her face beforehand. "Let's go..."
Outside, the sky was pale blue and there wasn't a cloud in sight. The temperature was unseasonably warm, the birds were chirping happily, and the trees were starting to bud. It was a perfect spring day, Taylor thought.
"Mom, you really do need to get a life—again," Audra said, rolling her eyes.
"I have a life, thank you," Taylor said defensively.
"If you call hibernating inside all day being a busy body a life—think again." Audra faced her mother, frowning. "Dad's been gone for a year now. You have to move on. It's not like things were all that great for you when he was here. He saw to that when he decided it was better to be with someone my age. It's disgusting!" Audra said, and made a face.
Taylor knew it was time to be the parent. "What your father and I had lasted for more than twenty years, Audra. What he chose to do with his life at the end can't change that." Or so she tried to convince herself. The truth was, they had both found comfort elsewhere rather than with each other. The fact that Paul had gone after Monica Emerson first was beside the point. It only proved what Taylor had known for some time—they'd been living a lie for so long that neither of them could tell the difference...until it was too late.
"Maybe not," Audra muttered begrudgingly. "But you deserved better then and you certainly deserve better now."
"I'm doing fine by myself," Taylor argued, knowing it couldn't be further from the truth. She was lonely and frustrated...and maybe a bit too much in denial so that she'd lost perspective on what was good for her. But it seemed like the best way to go for now.
"I don't agree," Audra said bluntly. "You're still a young and beautiful woman, Mom, with so much to offer. No one says you have to live like a nun for the rest of your life."
Taylor nearly smiled. She never thought she'd live to see the day when her twenty-one-year-old daughter would be pressing her to start dating. But then she had never imagined that she would be a widow at forty-seven.
"Not having a man in my life doesn't mean I'm a nun," she said weakly.
"What about your college sweetheart?" Audra asked as they passed by a slightly crooked spruce tree.
"What?" Taylor said as if she hadn't heard.
"You know, that guy you were once engaged to before Dad." Audra cocked her head, fluttering her lashes at the same time. "Hello—"
"What about him?" Taylor asked, trying to maintain her equilibrium.
"I think you should contact him again," she said. "After all, you guys broke the ice by reuniting in New York last year."
Taylor shuddered at the notion. "I don't know if that would be such a good idea," she said. "He has his own life..." A life that she would still like to be a part of.
"Why not?" Audra said. "The last you knew, he wasn't married, right?" Audra didn't give her the chance to answer. "He obviously still had feelings for you if he wanted to see you again after all those years. Who knows? Maybe the magic is still there...both ways—"
Taylor looked at her like she was crazy, but knew that she couldn't have been more in tune with her feelings.
Taylor smiled crookedly. "You really think so?"
"Yes, I thinks so," replied Audra. "You'll never know, unless you try. I mean, maybe this is fate at work or something..."
"You mean like with you and Jessie?" Taylor said, noting that they'd recently gotten engaged.
Audra chuckled. "I'm not saying you have to marry him, Mom. How about if you just contact him first for like maybe a date...and then go from there—"
Taylor smiled thoughtfully and put her arm around Audra. "We'll see..."
She felt like the luckiest woman in the world to have the most mature, lovely, and lovable daughter.
Taylor pondered a future with Vaughn Mitchell and wondered if it was too late.

CHAPTER FORTY-SIX

Taylor stopped by a restaurant and ordered takeout; then bought a bottle of wine from a local store. She finished her spree with a stop at a florist, where she purchased a single, long-stemmed red rose. This could all blow up in my face, she thought. For all she knew Vaughn would resent her just showing up out of the blue. What if he hadn't really meant it when he said he would wait for her no matter how long it took? She couldn't bear the thought that he might have moved on to another woman—which, at the very least, would be very embarrassing all the way around.
But he's worth the risk, Taylor told herself, en route to Vaughn's house. She tried to remember how to get there, realizing that the city of Chicago with its many community areas, changing landscape, constant construction, and traffic congestion could sometimes be tricky to navigate.
Audra was right, it's time for me to get on with my life, she thought. What she had with Paul for twenty years could not sustain her for the next twenty, nor would she want it to. Vaughn offered her a chance for so much more. She only hoped his offer still stood.
Taylor rounded the corner and soon came upon the recognizable elegant house that Vaughn called home. She spotted his Mercedes in the driveway, and suddenly her heart began to beat a thousand times a minute.
Am I doing the right thing? she asked herself, knowing the answer was an emphatic yes!
Taylor pulled up behind the Mercedes, shut the car off, and quickly checked her appearance in the rearview mirror. She wore just the right amount of makeup and her hair was neatly in place, barely grazing her shoulders. She dabbed on a touch of perfume, not wanting it to be too overpowering.
Taylor glanced down at the new two-piece outfit she'd purchased that consisted of a cranberry-colored top and matching pencil skirt, along with black slingbacks. She hoped she wasn't overdressed.
She got out of the car, took a deep breath, and headed for the door...
* * *
Vaughn had been home from work for almost an hour now, changing from his suit to some casual pants and a yellow shirt. For the past year, he had done almost nothing but dedicate himself to pleasing his clients. It was a useful means to keep his mind off Taylor. Not that it had done him any damned bit of good. The truth was that the green-eyed lady was never very far from his mind, in spite of not seeing her for twelve months.
He couldn't count the number of times he'd wanted to call Taylor, if not go to East Lansing to visit. But she'd made it clear that she didn't want to hear from him or see him until she was ready. He had no idea when that would be, if ever. He only knew that he had to respect Taylor's need to grieve over her husband's death and let her decide for herself if there was a place in her life for another man. Him.
There was no other woman for him, and he doubted there ever would be. Certainly not one who knew how to push his buttons and bring out the best in him like Taylor Holland. I'll just have to deal with it, Vaughn told himself miserably, realizing that he might have missed the boat in being with the best woman who had ever entered his life.
He was making his way down the stairs, when he heard the doorbell ring.
Since he wasn't expecting company, he was nonchalant as he headed to the door and opened it.
Needless to say, Vaughn was nearly floored when he saw Taylor standing there, looking as gorgeous as ever.
"Hi," she said, hoping her jitteriness was not as apparent as it seemed to her.
"Hey," Vaughn responded. He was nearly speechless, even when there was so much he wanted to say.
Taylor took in the sight of Vaughn, as though for the first time. She liked very much the handsome man she saw standing before her. Maybe too much.
"Sorry for just dropping in on you without calling first," she said. "Hope I didn't catch you at a bad time or something..." Please don't say I did, she thought nervously.
"Not at all," Vaughn assured her. In fact, your timing couldn't have been better, he thought. "Come in..."
Once inside, Taylor held up her items. "I brought some takeout and wine. Hope you're hungry and a little thirsty," she said.
"I am," Vaughn said, while thinking: But not necessarily for food or drink. He caught a pleasant whiff of her perfume before taking the bags from her. They went into the kitchen, where he set the food and wine on the island.
When he turned around, Vaughn saw the rose in Taylor's hand, as if it had appeared by magic.
"For you," she told him courageously, holding it out. "It's for your patience and understanding, not to mention being such a wonderful man."
Vaughn took the red rose, trying to maintain his composure while wondering if he was caught up in a dream. If so, he sure as hell didn't want to wake up anytime soon.
"Thank you," he said.
"It's just a little something for you that I wanted you to have...from my heart," Taylor said.
Vaughn flashed a tender smile. "It's beautiful, but not half as beautiful as the woman I'm looking at."
Taylor felt a tingle of desire sweep over her in that moment, realizing just how much she'd missed hearing such words, as well as the man himself. "You make me feel twenty-one all over again," she told him.
"The words are true no matter what age you are," he said sentimentally. Wanting to kiss her badly, Vaughn tilted his head and moved toward Taylor's lips. He was prepared to stop at a moment's notice if she gave any indication that it was too soon for her. But when she made no effort to stop him, he kissed her, savoring Taylor's sweet taste for several seconds before their mouths parted. "I'm so glad you're here," he told her.
"I'm glad to be here," Taylor cooed, her eyes glistening with tears. Now for the moment of truth, she thought, before losing her courage.
Vaughn didn't even want to allow himself to think about the distant or recent past—or whatever the future may hold for them. He just wanted to enjoy the pleasure of her company right now, grateful for every moment they had together.
She makes me whole, he thought. Never mind the fact that they had not seen each other for a year, which somehow no longer seemed like it had been that long.
Taylor moved right up to him and made herself meet his eyes squarely. Taking Vaughn's hands, she steadied her own, and said softly: "Will you marry me, Vaughn Mitchell?"
Vaughn hoisted a brow in shock. For a moment, he thought he was just imagining the words. He held her gaze. "Are you sure this is what you want?" He couldn't bear to go down that road only to have her take a detour.
"More so than I've been about anything," she said with certainty. "I'm in love with you and I want to spend the rest of my life with you." She paused. "And if you say yes, you had better damn well mean it this time!"
Vaughn threw his head back with laughter, then immediately turned serious. She had actually just proposed. To me, he told himself, still digesting it. He could see in her unblinking green eyes that she was dead serious about this.
And so was he when he responded persuasively: "Yes, Taylor Holland, I most certainly will marry you! And I promise with all my heart and soul that I mean every word of it this time. I love you and I guarantee that I won't ever let you down again."
Taylor started to cry, and they were big, beautiful tears of joy. She was overwhelmed by the emotional moment that she had waited more than half of her life for. Somehow she knew that they would always be able to count on each other the second time around. She stood up on her tiptoes and wrapped her arms around his neck while taking the lead in another kiss to seal the deal.
Vaughn welcomed her mouth upon his as he held Taylor's waist, more than ready to begin this new chapter in their lives...one that was a long time coming...and worth every precious day they had waited to be together for good.


CHAPTER FORTY-SEVEN

September 2013
Maui, Hawaii

Vaughn Mitchell left his downtown office en route to home in Wailea to be with his wife and their grandkids who were visiting. It was yet another great day in Hawaii, but it only had true meaning because he was living there with Taylor, his wife of more than eight years. She had retired from teaching five years ago and they had both decided it was a good time to live their dream life together in paradise.
Vaughn was only working part-time himself, as solid investments had paid off. He was only too happy to devote much of his time to the love of his life. Having known Taylor for nearly four decades, their lives had taken divergent paths before they worked their way back to each other and allowed destiny to take its true course.
Vaughn often wondered how things would have turned out had he and Taylor gotten married while they were still in college. Would the end result have been the same? Or would it have somehow altered their future so that there would be no "them" today?
He would never know and, frankly, didn't really care these days. The important thing was that he and Taylor ultimately fulfilled their destiny thanks to the reality TV show Forever Sweethearts bringing them back together and, as such, he wouldn't want to change any part of their lives that had led to the present.
Vaughn drove into the gated community on Pualoa Nani Place and pulled into the circular driveway of the oceanfront plantation style home. As soon as he got out of his car, his grandchildren came bounding out the front door to greet him, wrapping their arms around his legs playfully.
Tabitha, five, and Yancy, seven, were Audra's daughters and spending a week with them. Earlier in the summer, Nicole's six-year-old, Ian, had accompanied his parents for a visit.
Vaughn welcomed their children and grandchildren to come whenever they wanted, as did Taylor. But he was happiest when he had his beloved wife all to himself. After all, he had waited long enough to get her back in his life, making every moment with her that much more precious.
He went inside and found Taylor in the kitchen, busy preparing a snack for the girls. As far as he was concerned, she was every bit as striking as the first time he'd laid eyes on her.
"Aloha," he said.
"Aloha back at you," Taylor said, just before Vaughn laid a big kiss on her mouth.
"Looks like the grandkids are keeping you busy," he said with a chuckle.
"I think it's more the other way around," she said. "We just got back from the park."
Vaughn popped a cracker in his mouth. "How did that go?"
"Good," she said, smiling. "They were a bundle of energy as always, just like their mother used to be."
He put his arm around her shoulder thoughtfully. "Any regrets that we never had a child of our own?"
"Maybe a few," she admitted. "But some things aren't meant to be. Having you as my husband and the greatest grandchildren in the world is enough for me."
"I couldn't agree more," he said sincerely.
Taylor smiled and put her arm around his waist. It was times like this that she struggled to keep her emotions in check. Ever since their long awaited marriage had taken place, Vaughn had shown her time and again how much he loved her and was happy to have her as his wife.
In turn, she had tried to overcompensate at times for the years they had lost by giving him all the love she could muster.
It had clearly worked, as these last eight years had been the happiest of Taylor's life. She very much looked forward to the next eight years and beyond, ready to experience whatever life had in store for them and the joy of sharing it together.
She lifted her chin and kissed Vaughn's lips, receiving the same in return.
Some things simply never grew old for lifelong sweethearts.

# # #


The following is a bonus story by R. Barri Flowers

LOVE AT THE FAIR

The first day of the state fair was always a treat and something I'd enjoyed since childhood. Only this year I wasn't just a spectator, I was an entertainer. I'd been making a living as a jazz vocalist for the past five years, doing gigs mostly on college campuses and at small clubs around the country. For the next two evenings, I would be performing on stage one at the Minnesota State Fair leading up to the Labor Day weekend.
Right now, I was looking for my best friend Samantha, who was late as usual, probably because of her boyfriend Bobby. He typically tried to occupy as much of her time as possible. I should only be so lucky. Admittedly, I'd hit a dry spell over the last six months when it came to romance. Between a hectic work schedule and tiring of more than my fair share of losers, I'd pretty much stopped looking for my knight in shining armor.
Whether or not he stopped looking for me remained to be seen.
While waiting for Samantha to arrive, I passed by the livestock area, gazing with fascination at the dairy goats, sheep, horses, and cows; before making my way to an exhibit of creative works, including handcrafts, needlecrafts, and stamp collections.
"See anything you like?" I heard the deep voice say over my shoulder.
I turned around and saw perhaps the most engaging man I'd ever seen. His features were perfectly chiseled and his gray-brown eyes regarded me with amusement. He was at least six foot, three inches of solid muscle and wearing a state fair tee shirt, jeans, and dark brown harness boots. A black Stetson cowboy hat, tilted ever so slightly, fit nicely over his closely cropped black hair.
Yes, I definitely see something—or someone—I like, I thought. To him, I said, trying to sound convincing: "No, not really."
He chuckled with amusement. "Actually, I meant in there," he said and pointed toward the exhibit.
I blushed and focused my blue eyes on a couple of things that looked somewhat interesting. "I like the quilts and decorative crafts." I turned back to the very handsome man. "What about you?"
He didn't bother to look at the exhibit. Instead, he was peering directly at me while a crooked grin played on his alluring wide mouth. "Oh yeah," he said, "I definitely see something that I like."
A shiver ran up and down my spine. Though I had been told often enough how attractive I was, most times I pretty much just shrugged it off. But, this time, when the clear implication came from a man who was all that and more, I took notice. Especially since he'd said it with such raw sexual overtones, making me feel warm and tingly all over.
"I'll bet you do," I said teasingly.
"So what's a gorgeous lady like you doing hanging around the fair all by her lonesome?" he asked.
Wouldn't you like to know? I thought. "I'm meeting a friend," I said. Admittedly, it sounded pretty lame, even though it was true.
"A friend, huh?" He looked at me skeptically. "Well, all I can say is he must be one damned lucky friend."
I chuckled. "It's a she and her luck in life has very little to do with me," I told him, having fun with this while enjoying his handsome company.
He smiled, revealing his straight, white teeth. "By the way, my name's Carter."
I thought the name somehow suited him. "I'm Deidre," I told him.
"Nice to meet you, Deidre," Carter said. He stuck out his hand and practically dared me to shake it.
I accepted the challenge, if only to have the opportunity to touch him and confirm what I already knew—sparks literally flew between us. Surely he felt it, too.
"So are you at the fair just hoping to pick up some lonely woman?" I had to ask, though it didn't seem like he was that desperate. Quite the contrary, for a man as good-looking and sexy as he was, I imagined he was used to women chasing after him rather than the other way around.
He threw his head back with laughter, but his hat remained in place. "Well, if that were the case, I'm looking at the lady I'd love to pick up," he said boldly. "As it is, though, I work at the booth next door selling fine art from the great artists in our state. I'm on a break."
"I see." I took him at his word and stepped over to take a sweeping glance at the art exhibition, which included impressionism, landscapes, seascapes, and surrealism, among other art. My eyes turned back to Carter, sizing him up again. "Are you an artist?"
"Yeah," he said coolly. "I paint abstracts, portraits, cities, transportation, you name it."
I was impressed. I hadn't pictured him standing in front of a canvas and easel. At the same time, I could definitely see him as a man who liked to use his hands. And the idea of those hands doing their thing expertly on my body was a big turn on.
"Maybe someday I'll let you paint me," I suggested flirtatiously.
"I'd like that," he quickly responded. "You'd make a great subject."
"Hmm..." I was feeling a bit warm under the collar and I was pretty sure he felt the same way. But what should we do about it? I wondered. The idea of letting this sexual energy between us go to waste seemed unthinkable. Yet we were still strangers and we both had jobs to do this evening. "Guess I'd better let you get back to work or whatever..." I told him reluctantly.
"I get off in an hour," Carter said. "If you want to hang around until then, maybe we can do something..."
Something? I thought and met his desirous eyes. "What exactly did you have in mind?" I asked.
He grinned crookedly and said: "Anything that suits your fancy."
I smiled, while thinking of a few things that would suit my fancy where he was concerned. "I'll keep that in mind," I told him. "Unfortunately, in an hour I'll be performing on stage one, so..."
His eyes widened in surprise. "Performing? You're a singer?"
"Yes," I took delight in saying. "I sing jazz standards, Latin, bossa nova, swing, fusion..."
"Wow," he said. "You're beautiful and a musician to boot." Carter tipped his hat appreciatively. "It sure would be nice to discover what else you have up your sleeve."
I chuckled. "If you play your cards right, you just might find out."
"Well, I'm pretty good at cards," he advised me, "so that's a challenge I'm definitely up for."
The sparks between us were threatening to explode. Too bad we were in the middle of a state fair and in no position to put all that pent up sexual energy to good use.
"I'd better go find my friend," I told him. "If you catch me after my performance, we can pick up where we left off."
"Wouldn't miss it," he promised.
I took the initiative, surprising myself a little, and stood on my tiptoes, bringing Carter's mouth down to meet mine for a lingering kiss that made me quiver from head to toe.
It gave us both something to think about. I left him standing there speechless while wondering if this was the beginning of a great romance or the end of a passing moment between two people, with the possibility for something more left only to our imaginations.
* * *
"There you are," Samantha said, coming up behind me.
I looked at her, batting my eyes. "There you are," I said. "I was starting to wonder if you'd decided to sit this one out."
Samantha, who was tall and thin like me, with a brunette bob compared to my shoulder length naturally curly dark hair, twitched her glossy lips apologetically. "Sorry, but I was with Bobby. We sort of lost track of time, if you know what I mean."
"Uh huh," I said wryly, and imagined myself losing track of time with Carter, building up steam between us.
"So who was that hot guy you were talking to?" Samantha asked.
"His name is Carter," I said. "He's an artist."
"Oh, an artist," Samantha hummed. "Bet he can't wait to paint you...in even strokes."
I pushed her shoulder playfully. "Maybe I'd rather paint him in uneven strokes," I said jokingly.
"Well, excuuuuse me," she said, laughing. "You definitely need some action, girlfriend. If Carter the artist with the very cool hat can supply it, then more power to you."
I smiled. "We did seem to hit it off," I told her. "But whether that will result in anything more remains to be seen."
"Trust me," Samantha said, "no man who has his eye on you and knows you have yours on him is going to let that slide."
I couldn't argue with her philosophy. Carter certainly struck me as a hot-blooded man who exuded sexuality and left little doubt that he wanted me as badly as I did him. The powerful kiss we shared that still had my lips tingling was pretty indicative of how things might play out between us in bed. All that was left to do was wait and let nature take its course.
* * *
On stage, I conferred with the band and geared myself up to entertain a growing audience. I spotted Carter up front with a broad grin on his face. As if not under enough self-imposed pressure to do well, he had given me one more reason to sing from my heart with plenty of spirit.
I went through a set of jazz classics, a little bossa nova, and hard bop, followed by some contemporary jazz songs. It seemed like I had thoroughly captivated my audience, including Carter, who had been unable to take his eyes off me. I suspected he was mentally undressing me while I moved about the stage sensually as my slightly husky, sultry voice piped out the songs. The thought of making love to him made my temperature rise even more.
When the performance was over, ending my night's act, I looked for Carter who had seemingly vanished into thin air. As it turned out, he had been looking for me, too, and we kept crisscrossing without seeing each other. Eventually, we found one another where we first met.
"You were absolutely amazing," Carter said in a low, sexy voice.
"It comes with lots of practice," I told him, downplaying it, though flattered the compliment had come from him.
He put his arms around my waist and pulled me to him. "Practice can be beneficial for lots of things," he whispered in my ear.
I fluttered my lashes, feeling hot and bothered. "You think so?"
"Oh, I guarantee it," he said. With that, he tilted his head, kissed me on the mouth ardently, and then asked confidently: "Your place or mine?"
I touched my swollen lips, hardly able to think straight. The one thing I did know for sure was that I wanted this man more than I had wanted anyone in longer than I could remember.
"Whichever place is closest," I responded salaciously, eager to take this to the next level.
* * *
We wound up at his place, which was a nearby loft with exposed beams, wood floors, and contemporary furnishings.
But what interested me most at the moment was his king-size platform bed that somehow seemed made just for us. We both got naked quickly, our clothes flying here and there, and Carter grabbed a condom and put it on.
We fell onto the bed and began kissing passionately. I enjoyed Carter's taste and was further aroused by his scent, which was a mixture of manliness and his woodsy cologne.
He broke away from my mouth and began peppering other parts of my face and body with kisses, setting my soul and body on fire. I bit my lip and soaked in the pleasure, wanting him to make love to me in the worst way.
"I want you," I gasped. "I need you...now!"
Carter heeded my cry. Fitting perfectly between my legs, he drove himself deep inside me. I contracted around him, as my body radiated with desire. Our mouths were locked with such passion that I could barely breathe, but I wanted more. Our tongues sought each other out as the kiss deepened. We became one, our bodies moving symmetrically as we ravenously sought ultimate fulfillment.
I lost myself in the passion and the man, luxuriating in the moment. By the time mutual satisfaction had been achieved, we had worked up quite a sweat and continued kissing as the peak of our pleasure waned into a peaceful aftermath.
I could hardly believe that I had given myself so thoroughly to a man I had just met hours earlier. Yet, at the same time, it somehow seemed as though we had been connected for years. Making love as if we were totally familiar with every inch of each other lent credence to that perspective.
"You were more than incredible," Carter said softly as we caught our breaths and held each other in the afterglow.
"Look who's talking," I said unabashedly, running my finger down his chest.
"We were incredible together," he proclaimed and then kissed the top of my head.
"Yes, we were," I said. I had no choice but to agree with him, which excited and scared me. I wanted nothing more than to have a man in my life so we could share and share alike—in and out of bed. But was Carter that guy?
And, aside from undeniable sexual chemistry, was he looking for anything more than just a one-night stand? Or did he already have someone else to share his life with on a daily basis? I was afraid to find out.
"Shall we go another round?" Carter asked, nibbling on my ear.
I began to feel aroused again, putting my negative thoughts on hold. "Are you sure you're up to it?" I asked.
He ran his thumb across one of my nipples even as I watched him spring back to life. "Yeah, I'm definitely up for it," he said, grabbing a condom from the nightstand. "And I'll make sure you get as much as you give, and then some," he promised.
As we began to kiss passionately, I could feel the heat stir within and I had little doubt that we'd both come away once more totally satisfied from the experience.
* * *
It was nearly three in the morning when I woke up, my arms and legs wrapped around Carter's hard body like tentacles. He was still asleep, no doubt exhausted from the marathon sexual adventure we had embarked on as if lovesick, horny teenagers. I thought about waking him, but wasn't sure there was any point to it. Could be that neither of us were ready for a real honest to goodness relationship.
Or at least I wasn't convinced that Carter was, even if I was more than open to the possibility of using this encounter to try to build something meaningful. But the last thing I wanted was to end up disappointed or hurt.
And so, rather than risk ruining the memories of what had been a wonderful night together, I chose to leave it at that and not allow my most romantic fantasies to run wild.
Untangling myself from Carter's sure hands, I slid out of bed and moved quietly across the floor, gathering my clothes along the way. I dressed quickly at the door and turned around, imagining that Carter would be waiting there, take me into his arms and tell me to stay and make a life with him.
Instead, he was still sleeping like a baby, apparently content with his dreams in the aftermath of our steamy sexual exploration.
Maybe it was better this way. Or so I tried hard to convince myself as I left, glad that I had chosen to drive my own car there as if an omen of things to come.
* * *
The following day, I was back at the fair and had some time to kill before my performance. While Samantha was occupied with Bobby, I drifted around alone checking out the 4-H livestock show and an eco exhibit, before ending up at the fine arts booth where I expected to find Carter singing the praises for art works, including his own. Though I had serious misgivings about showing up where I may not have been wanted, I felt compelled to face the man I'd made love to last night and into the wee hours of the morning to see if there was something more to it that we owed ourselves to explore.
I saw a tall man with a white ponytail in the booth, propping up some artwork. "Can I help you find something?" he asked.
I considered turning away as though I hadn't heard him, but stood my ground. "I'm looking for Carter," I said.
"He's not here this evening. Sorry," the man said. "Are you a friend of his?"
I considered what we did past the point of friendship, but saw no need to elaborate. "No," I told him. "I saw him here yesterday and we talked about art."
"He should be here tomorrow at this time, if you want to come back then," the man suggested.
"I don't think so," I said, deciding it might be best to quit while I was ahead. I left before he could try to sell me some art, not exactly in the mood for that.
By the time I got to stage one, I was ready to try to put Carter out of my mind and perform up to my capabilities. But before I could step onto the stage, I was intercepted by Carter. He had a dozen red roses in his hand and looked as handsome as ever beneath that Stetson.
"I looked for you this morning, but you were gone," he said.
"I didn't want to wake you," I told him, taking the easy way out.
"Why not?"
I shrugged. "I don't know. It seemed best that way."
"These are for you," Carter said, handing me the roses.
I bent my nose down to take in their fragrance and smiled. "They're lovely. Thank you."
"Not half as lovely as you," he said smoothly.
I couldn't help but blush. "I'm sorry I left this morning without saying goodbye. I just didn't want it to be awkward."
"Who says it had to be?" Carter gave me a sweet look. "Especially when I have no intentions of letting you walk out of my life anytime soon."
My eyes widened hopefully. "So what are you saying, Carter?"
"I'm saying that what we have between us is not just a onetime thing, at least not as far as I'm concerned." He paused and gazed into my eyes. "If you feel the same way, then I say we should move forward and pick up where we left off last night. Only, this time, let's also explore some of the other dimensions that make a great relationship."
A burst of happiness coursed through me and my eyes grew teary. "Yes, I feel the same way," I told him spiritedly. "Very much so."
"Then prove it to me," he dared.
I ran into his open arms and he lifted me off the ground, swirling me around. We kissed passionately as the roses fell from my hand, replaced by Carter's welcome presence in my life and the promise it held beyond our bonding at the fair.

# # #


The following is an excerpt from "Billy the Kid's Wife," a timeless romance short
by R. Barri Flowers

BILLY THE KID'S WIFE
A Timeless Romance Short

Sky Creek, Colorado — July 2012

Trina Emerson pulled her Subaru Legacy onto the paved driveway beside the log cabin she had rented for the next three months. She was sure that would be long enough to finish her latest romance novel. Whether or not it would help her to forget that this was the day she was supposed to be married was another story altogether.
Her fiancé Justin Frommer had, to put it bluntly, gotten cold feet and called the marriage and their relationship off two weeks ago, stunning Trina. He'd wanted to remain "good friends with fringe benefits," but she declined, not wishing to humiliate herself further.
Now Trina just wanted to get on with her life minus Justin. Renting the cabin one hundred and twenty-five miles from home in Denver was a good way to distance herself from her painful past as well as provide an inspirational setting for her book. In fact, Trina felt that Sky Creek was a perfect setting for her historical novel. She could envision her characters living here many years ago interacting and eventually falling in love.
She studied the renovated 19th century two-story cedar log cabin. It had a stone chimney and an entryway on the gable end. Overlooking a fresh water pond, the cabin was surrounded by seasonal wildflowers and nestled amongst towering cottonwoods and blue spruce. There were a few neighboring cabins, but all were well spaced from one another to give each its own privacy.
Trina grabbed her bags and laptop from the car. She could barely wait to get settled in and start writing again after putting that part of her life on hold for a while during wedding preparations and then grieving once it was over.
She stepped onto the covered porch. It had an old-fashioned wooden porch glider, which Trina planned to take full advantage of during her stay. She pushed aside strands of curly red hair that had fallen onto her face. Retrieving the key she'd gotten from the rental agency after signing the lease last week, Trina unlocked the door and went inside.
Immediately a strange sensation came over Trina, just like the first time she had been in the cabin. It was almost as if she had been there before. Of course that was impossible. Aside from being shown the property by the rental agent, Trina had never before set foot in Sky Creek. And, as far as she knew, her parents had never been there either. So there was no reason to believe that her mother might have spent time at the cabin while carrying Trina thirty-four years ago.
Guess I'm just being silly, she thought.
Trina set her bags down and did a quick walk-through of the place across the hardwood floor. There was a living room with a wood burning fireplace, kitchen with all the modern amenities, and an extra room downstairs. The rustic furnishings were antique and there was a slight mildewy smell in the air.
She went up a steep corner stairwell to a half story upstairs, where there was a bedroom and bathroom. Trina sat on the queen canopy bed admiring the planks covering the log walls and the hand-hewn rafters.
For some reason it occurred to her that the rental agent, a sprightly forty-something woman, took folklore to a different level when she'd said, "Legend has it that Billy the Kid once lived in this very cabin."
Trina, who had some knowledge of the Old West and outlaws in doing research for her books, was amused. "Oh, really? Was that before or after his death in 1881?"
The rental agent chuckled. "I'm not talking about a ghost. Many people in these parts believe that Billy escaped his supposed fate with the sheriff and settled into Sky Creek to live out his life peacefully—family and all."
Trina couldn't help but laugh, even if the notion was intriguing. The general consensus among historians was that Billy the Kid or William Bonney, his real name, was killed by Sheriff Pat Garrett. End of story.
"I suppose you're going to tell me he took up shelter here with Jesse James," Trina quipped.
The rental agent shrugged. "I'm glad to see you've got a sense of humor about it. I certainly didn't want to scare you off or anything."
"Not a chance," Trina told her. "Folklore only gives the cabin more character, which makes a great atmosphere for an author of historical fiction."
"I suppose it would at that."
Trina stood up and straightened her scoop neck top and denim cropped jeans.
Character is one thing, she thought. But a cabin haunted by outlaws is another. At least I'll never have to put any such myths to the test.
Back downstairs, Trina unpacked a few things. She realized the refrigerator was empty, so she would need to make a trip into town for some groceries. She recalled passing by a Burger King, which would be a good first step for easing her hunger pangs.
* * *
That afternoon Trina was setting up her laptop in the extra room, thankful the cabin came with WiFi, when she heard what sounded like a dog whimpering. The sound was distant and she assumed it was a hiker's pet or a neighbor's dog that was probably just lonely and looking for some tender loving attention. But then the sounds grew louder and were intermixed with barks.
Trina was about to go outside to see if the dog was hurt when the sounds suddenly seemed to be coming from inside the cabin. Upstairs. Her heart skipped a beat in that moment. Surely there wasn't a dog that had taken up residence in the cabin. How would it have gotten in and why hadn't she seen it?
Trina wondered if someone could have broken into the cabin while she was getting supplies in town. She had been assured by the rental agent that crime was practically nonexistent in Sky Creek. But that wasn't the same as zero percent, was it?
Armed only with her cell phone, Trina crept up the stairs where the dog sounds grew louder. She expected to find an injured dog and perhaps an intruder. But when she entered the room, there was no one there. The dog whimpering and barking had subsided.
Am I losing my mind? she wondered.
Trina walked over to the window she'd opened earlier to air out the room. There was a nice breeze blowing in. She looked down and was shocked to see a collie. It was looking up at her as though it had expected her to come to the window. The dog simply stood there, but did not appear to be hurt.
Suddenly it began to whimper again.
I have no idea who you belong to, she thought. Or how it seemed like you were in my room. But I suppose you're trying to tell me to help you get back home.
I'll try, but you'll have to give me something to work with.
Trina went back downstairs, relieved that there was no intruder or dog in the cabin. She hoped that by helping the dog, it wouldn't view her as the enemy. The last thing she needed was to be bitten some stray dog.
She went outside, expecting the dog to come up to her. But it was gone.
"Where'd you go?" Trina asked, looking toward the side of the cabin where there was a well-worn dirt path. There was no sign of the dog. How could it have disappeared so quickly?
Are my eyes playing tricks on me? she asked herself.
Trina checked behind the cabin and some of the surrounding area and came up empty. She assumed the dog had just made a pit stop at her cabin and had returned to its owner.
The whole thing was a little weird, but she wouldn't let it throw her off track. After all, this was just the first day of her three-month stint in Sky Creek and she might as well try to make the best of it. And that included any uninvited guests.
* * *
Will Bonner went looking for his dog who'd run out of the cabin like her tail was on fire; then literally seemed to vanish into thin air. Much like Will's wife had a year ago. It gave him a chill to think that Catherine had simply just walked away from him and their son Chris. But that seemed to be what had happened.
He had found no credible indication that Catherine had been abducted. Or killed. Not that Will was prepared to dismiss the possibility altogether. Though he had long ago walked away from his past, he was smart enough to know that it could always catch up to him.
In another lifetime he was William Bonney or, as he was known to many, Billy the Kid. He'd never really cared for the nickname, but for some reason it stuck.
That was until eighteen years ago when he somehow survived an ambush and knew it was time to put that life behind him for good. He'd taken the name Will Bonner and tried not to look back. But, inevitably, it was impossible not to, especially whenever he thought about the woman who had changed his world for the better.
Will was not sure if it was more painful or not to think that his beloved Catherine could have been the victim of one of his enemies. Or that she had simply stopped loving him and Chris without having the courage to tell them.
I may never know the truth, he thought. But it doesn't mean I'll ever stop trying.
Will heard a sound and turned around defensively. Coming toward him was his collie, Sunny.
"Where the hell did you run off to, girl?"
He bent down and rubbed the dog's head. Sunny licked his cheek.
"So you don't want to tell me, huh? All right, so be it."
Will stood to his full height of six-three and watched the dog run toward the cabin. In fact, this hadn't been the first time Sunny had disappeared. And probably wouldn't be the last. He guessed the dog had found a cozy spot out in the woods to play till she tired and was in need of some human companionship.
Will went back inside the cabin. He'd built it himself log by log as a hideout from those who wanted him dead and as a place to call his own. After meeting and marrying Catherine, a writer, they decided to settle down here. It was good, clean country and a nice place to raise a family. Chris came a year later, or seven years ago. Only before they could add more children, Catherine was gone, leaving Will to raise his son alone.
He looked in Chris's room, where his son was playing with Sunny. Chris looked a lot like his mother, fair-skinned with a few tiny freckles on his cheeks, small blue eyes, and crimson hair. Chris had taken it especially hard when his mother disappeared from their lives, blaming himself. It took everything Will had to try to convince his son that whatever the reason for Catherine's absence, it had nothing to do with him.
"You found her Papa," Chris said excitedly of the dog.
"More like she found me," Will said, glad that Sunny had not wandered off and failed to find her way back. "I need to go to the market to pick up some things. You wanna come?"
Chris seemed to think about it before shaking his head. "I'll stay and keep Sunny company."
"I kinda figured you'd say that. I won't be long."
Will took one last look at his boy and dog, not knowing what he'd do if they were to leave him too.
Grabbing his crusty old sugar-loaf sombrero hat, Will went out the door.

* * *

This excerpt from "Billy the Kid's Wife," is part of the Timeless Romance Shorts by R. Barri Flowers, including "Love Aboard the Titanic," now available in eBook and audio.

# # #

ABOUT THE AUTHOR

R. Barri Flowers is a bestselling writer of relationship, mystery, and thriller novels, and young adult fiction. His books include Murder in Honolulu, Murder in Maui, State's Evidence, Timeless Romance Shorts: Love Aboard the Titanic & Billy the Kid's Wife, Ghost Girl in Shadow Bay, and Danger in Time.

Connect with me online:
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/people/rbarri.flowers
Twitter: http://twitter.com/rbarriflowers
LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/in/rbarriflowerscrimewriter
Website: http://www.rbarriflowers.com.
MySpace: http://www.myspace.com/crimewriter_rbarriflowers
CrimeSpace: http://crimespace.ning.com/profile/RBarri
Smashwords: http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/AuthorRBarriFlowers

