



Forevermore

Heritage Time Travel Romance Series, book #3
PG-13, All Iowa Edition

By
Dana Roquet
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2014 Dana Roquet
Updated 2018
All rights reserved

ISBN-13 9780988503564
ISBN-10 0988503565

Edited by: Todd Barselow

Cover art: Judy Bullard

Contact Information: www.danaroquets.com
dana@danaroquets.com

This is a work of fiction. The main characters and incidents are a product of the author’s imagination and are used fictitiously. Certain real individuals, businesses and locations have been fabricated, fictionalized or dramatized by the author for effect. Those characters that are based on living individuals are used with their written permission. This is a PG-13 version of the original novel with minimal sexual content, some adult situations, language and violence.



Other works available by Dana Roquet

The Heritage Time Travel Romance series
Out of the Past, book #1 
Into the Future, book #2
Forevermore,    book #3

Heritage Time Travel Romance series
PG-13 All Iowa Edition
Out of the Past, book #1
Into the Future, book #2

Love’s Vengeance

Coming Soon
Enduring Gift, book #4 of the Heritage Time Travel Romance series
**Be sure to check out the preview at the end of Forevermore**



Dedication

To anyone who has ever felt like they don’t quite belong and would wish that perhaps in one’s dreams you might find other worlds, other times



Acknowledgement

Thanks to Carol Stark who read, and read, and read for me; giving me advice; questioning me when necessary; and always being there and taking the time to give me feedback. I couldn’t have done it without her.



Prologue


Later the same day…

Dave

I slowed, and then stopped my truck along the gravel road just past the gate to Cedar Township Cemetery. I slipped it into park, looking up the rolling hill toward the entrance of my home. It had been a long day. It’s been a long week. In fact, it has been a long goddamn three years.
The number of vehicles clustered around my driveway, including satellite dish trucks could only mean one thing—Torie is at the house. They have hounded her relentlessly this last week, ever since Thompson had died but this had me wondering; why is she at my house? When I’d talked with her last, our plan had been for her to stay at her place and do some writing today and I would go over to her house for dinner after getting cleaned up, per usual.
I stared up the road, thinking about how I really didn’t need to come home to this shit tonight. I am tired from the restoration that I am working on and putting in long hours to complete it on a timetable. I welcome the distraction, though. It is easier to live my solitary life when I can simply fall into bed at night and not have time to think about the nightmare that my life has become.
Rubbing across the stubble of my jaw wearily, I blew out a heavy breath and propped my arm on the window ledge, resting my head against my closed fist. I continued to watch up the road, thinking back to when everything had gone so wrong and wondering how in the hell we are ever going to make it right again?
First, the fallout from the book that Torie had written about Mark Thompson and the brutal murders of his entire family—every bit of that fiasco had been my fault. I had brought up the idea and then had urged and supported Torie’s decision to write Where Evil Lived. I could kick myself for it now. Torie had written the book like a true crime story, with factual accounts of the events, but with her own impressions and interpretation of what may have occurred, since none of the victims had lived to tell about it.
The disclaimer had said that the story was theory and conjecture, even though both Torie and I had known that every detail was totally accurate because I had provided Torie with all of the information. After all, I had time traveled back to 1959 and had lived that horrible day as sixteen-year-old Tim Thompson. Still—and in spite of the disclaimer, Torie had been forced to endure a lot of questions about how she had come to her conclusions.
During that first year after the book had come out, Wapello and Mahaska counties had become a freak show. Every place mentioned in the book had been overrun by tourists wanting to visit those locations. Cash registers had rung madly as the influx of traffic benefited every shopping center, restaurant, gas station, and bookstore in the path of the hordes as they had passed through. And where the legions of book fanatics had gone—memorials and shrines dedicated to the deceased had sprung up overnight.
Then the newspapers and television stations had gotten wind of the frenzy and once articles had been written about it and the sites had been featured on the local evening news—the craziness had just gone through the roof. Within months, what had begun as an attempt at healing for Torie and me had become a blockbuster, selling millions of copies.
Then things had taken a huge frickin’ turn for the worse when a couple of people had come forward with information about that day back in 1959 and had corroborated the details that Torie had described as fiction. It wasn’t long after that when her readers had begun to believe that Torie must be a clairvoyant or some sort of psychic detective like that TV show Medium and the requests had started pouring in from all across the country, asking for her help with missing persons and cold cases.
After the book had been out for more than a year, some of the hysteria had calmed down and the press had moved on. Although Fremont had continued to be a Mecca for the book fans and Torie still had received the occasional rush of requests for an autograph when she was recognized out in public, life had gotten back to somewhat normal for our family.
That is until the time travels had started up again thirteen months ago.
It had been an utter nightmare. Torie and I had both been stuck in the past, leaving our eighteen-month old daughter alone in our house for over twelve hours. We had fled our home and lived for nearly a month in a motel in Oskaloosa before returning. Well, I had returned home while Torie and our daughter, Rose Lynn, had moved to the town of Hedrick out in Keokuk County, about ten miles away, that is after we had tested it to be sure that it was warp-proof. They have lived there now, for more than a year, while I have lived at home—alone in our big old ancient house in Fremont.
We had thought that it was a combination of us living in the same place that had caused the time warps.
We had thought that we were safe now.
We were wrong.
Because for the last year, I have been keeping a dark secret from Torie; I have been time warping almost every night. I have kept this truth from her because I’m afraid that she won’t be able to accept what I know and have learned to live with, which is that time travel is part of my life; part of who I am.
Now I just wish that I could simply grab Torie and Rose Lynn, turn the truck around, put my foot on the gas, and never look back but I know that I can’t do that—I don’t really want to do that. I want my wife and daughter back in my life and I want to return to our quiet existence in my family’s ancestral home in Fremont. Realistically, though, I know that what I want—is looking more and more like an impossible dream. With another heavy sigh—I let the thoughts go and slip my truck into gear, heading on up the hill toward home.



Forevermore



Chapter 1


Dave
April 2016

“Mr. Cameron! Mr. Cameron! Can you tell us how you’re feeling about Thompson’s death? Just give us a few words.” An overly made-up reporter in a blue blazer shoved her large KCRG-TV 9 microphone toward me forcefully, doing her best to outshout her competitors for my attention.
I had to pause before entering the drive as I waited for the rush of people with microphones and cameras to clear my path. They were all scrambling frantically, to be closest to me. I rolled up my window, pulled into the drive and jammed the truck into park.
“Mr. Cameron! Dave!”
“I don’t have anything to say—we gave a statement last week. I have no new information. Please leave us alone,” I demanded as I attempted to get through the crowd and to the front walk of my home.
“Daddy!”
“Rose Lynn, baby!” My daughter ran down the stone walkway and beneath the arbor toward me, and I stooped to grab her up into my arms.
“Mr. Cameron, we would just like to ask you a few questions. How do you think Thompson’s death will affect the tourist traffic for Where Evil Lived? Do you have any information on the rumored sale of the movie rights?” a man shouted. I recognized him as a reporter for KCCI-TV in Des Moines.
“Will his death change anything about the story? Does Torie have any plans for a special edition of the original book?” another man with a mobile camera on his shoulder shouted.
“The guy was a horrible human being. He’s dead. Find some other story. Now get off my property before I call the police. All of you! Out of here! Now!”
A reporter tried to get a photo of Rose but I splayed my fingers in front of her face to block him from getting a clear shot of her. Wrapping her in my arms, I tucked her head under my chin and with her sheltered against my chest; I crossed the yard and moved toward the front door.
Mindy burst out of the house and hurried down the walk toward us.
“Oh my gosh, Dave. I’m so sorry. Rose snuck out before I could get my shoes on. She wanted to meet you,” Mindy apologized.
“Mindy, what are you doing here? Where’s Torie?” I asked in confusion.
“Mommy has an owie, Daddy,” Rose said with concern.
I followed Mindy into the house, firmly closing the door against the prying eyes of the reporters and kissed Rose on the cheek; setting her down just inside.
“Mindy, what’s going on?” I demanded.
“Dave, Torie’s upstairs—it’s nothing. She just wanted to lie down for a bit,” she assured me.
“Is she sleeping?” I asked. I tried not to let my voice betray my fear of what might happen if she fell asleep in this house.
“No, I think she’s just resting. She went up a little while ago to give the Tylenol time to kick in. She wanted to have dinner ready for you when you got home. It’s nearly done.”
I locked the deadbolt on the front door and spoke to Rose gently, “Rosebud, why don’t you go with Aunt Mindy and watch TV while I go up and check on Mommy?”
“Come on, Rosie. Let’s go and see if Bert and Ernie are on.”
Mindy took her hand, patting it and gave me a quick smile before she turned and led Rose toward the family room.
“Ernie!” Rose shouted excitedly, running ahead. Her auburn pigtails bounced out behind her as she dashed through the living room and into the family room, plopping down on the area rug in front of the TV and pulling off her shoes.
I watched the two of them for a moment longer, before bounding up the stairs, taking them two at a time.



Chapter 2


Torie

I opened my eyes, turned onto my side, and pulled the comforter over myself when I heard Dave coming up the stairs. I lay still, struggling to calm myself, and watched the door, knowing that he would arrive at the bedroom in just a moment. My heart was racing, pounding in my ears and I felt that at any second I might burst into sobs or begin screaming like a crazy person. All day long I had been trying to think of how I was going to tell him that I need to take Rose Lynn and leave for Des Moines to stay with Mindy and now—I still don’t have the words.
I know that I can’t tell him anything about what has happened to Rose and me over the last twenty-four hours because it will be the last straw, I feel sure of that. If he were to know the truth about my current condition—it might well be the end of everything. And he is so determined to keep Rose Lynn safe that I’m afraid that he might voice out loud what I have been thinking all day—that we may need to sacrifice our family’s life together in order to keep her safe—possibly end our marriage and get her out of the area permanently to keep her out of danger.
I just can’t bear to tell him that the warps began again last night. Even though we’ve lived separately to avoid them—it is obviously not the answer. And now Rose Lynn has been drawn into the time travels, too, and I have absolutely no idea how I am going to protect her or myself.
I came back from my terrifying thoughts and wiped the tears from my eyes just before Dave came to the bedroom door. He paused there in the late afternoon sunlight that was filtering in through the sheers. My gorgeous husband, my hero, and my best friend—a man who, I feel sure, would do his best to fix any problem that I have. I can see that unspoken promise in his eyes as he observes me now—he would try to move heaven and earth for me, but I know that he can’t fix this. This is beyond his help.
“Are you okay? Mindy said that you aren’t feeling well. What’s the matter?” he asked as he crossed the room to take a seat on the bed beside me. He took my hand in his, with a worried expression furrowing his brow.
“I’m okay, Dave. I just got my period and I’m kinda cramping, that’s all. I was resting while I let the pain meds kick in,” I said quietly, talking around the lump in my throat. I paused for a moment as though the next thing I was about to say was unimportant. “Mindy invited me and Rose to stay with her for a few days in Des Moines. I hope that’s okay and I thought that we would have dinner with you first before we go. It’s in the oven.”
“No, it’s something more. Your eyes are red? Why have you been crying?” Dave brushed my bangs off of my forehead as he studied my face carefully—the concern for my well-being showing in his expressive light-blue eyes.
“I’m just PMS-ing really bad,” I lied. “Let’s go downstairs. I think I’m feeling better.”
I pushed the covers back and started to sit up. In spite of my best efforts, my voice broke and the damn tears welled up again.
I hate lying; especially to him but the pain that I’m feeling isn’t only from cramps. I am sore all over because I was attacked and raped in my time travel last night, and the bite and other abrasions that I’d suffered at the hands of my assailant had somehow actually occurred on my own physical body—in the real world.
Still looking unconvinced, he said, “All right,” and lifted my hand to kiss the back gently before leaning over to retrieve my slip-on shoes from the floor and gently slipping them onto my feet. “I’m going to grab a quick shower. I’ll be down in about ten minutes.”
We both stood and I gratefully stepped into his outstretched arms and let him hold me for a moment. Then I lifted my head and he looked down into my upturned face and gave me a warm kiss.
“Okay, boss, see you in a few,” I tried to joke, but it didn’t come off sounding as carefree as I would have liked.
“Torie, there’s something wrong—I can see it in your eyes. Did the reporters get to you? Is it something else?” He asked and cupped my face with his hands, wiping the tears from my face with his thumbs. “Talk to me, honey, please.”
“Yeah,” I lied calmly. “I’m just tired of the reporters pestering me again—and it’s only been a few days. I’m hoping that if I’m in incommunicado—hiding out in Des Moines that they’ll get tired of trying to find me and move on.”
“That might be a good idea, I suppose,” he conceded. “I hadn’t thought about you taking some time away, but maybe it would hurry the process along.”
“It’ll just be a few days, the end of the week at the most. You can come to Des Moines and have dinner maybe, huh? I know that Mindy’s husband and the boys would love that,” I said. “I’ll probably be back by the weekend.”
“Okay,” Dave agreed. “Let’s see how it goes. I hate the idea of you both being so far away, but I think I can take it for a few days,” he said and kissed me gently. “I’ll be right down.”

***

I called for Rosie as I came down the steps to the front foyer and both Mindy and Rose came from the family room.
“Mommy, you feel better?” Rosie asked as she hugged my leg.
“Much better,” I said. I looked at Mindy. “Dave’s taking a shower.”
“Was he okay with you coming to Des Moines?”
I nodded and bent down to Rose, looking into her large light-blue eyes. “How about we help Aunt Mindy set the table for dinner? Then we’re going to go to see Connor and Luke! Do you want to go and see the boys?”
“Yes! Goodie!” Rose shouted, nodding enthusiastically. Her toddler version of jumping up and down became a galloping series of excited circles as she scampered toward the kitchen like a pint-sized cyclone.
I grinned at Mindy and laughed, “You sure you’re ready for little Miss Rosie? She’s gonna be a constant shadow for Connor and Luke.”
“The boys love having her around, and I’ll love having you both. I was thinking—do you realize that you have never spent the night at my place in all of our adult lives? I’m so looking forward to it! I plan on some major shopping excursions in the next few days,” she promised with a wicked grin. “Your visit is the perfect excuse!”
I shook my head, “Uh oh—once we let your shopping monster out to play, we may never get it reined in again,” I predicted.
“You got that right,” Mindy agreed.
We both laughed and followed Rose toward the kitchen.
“Come on,” I said. “Let’s get dinner on. Dave will be right down.”

***

After dinner, while Mindy cleaned the kitchen counters, I put the leftovers into containers that Dave could reheat, while allowing Dave to spend some time with Rosie on the floor of the family room, watching a movie and working on some simple wooden puzzles. As I put the clean roasting pan away on a shelf of the pantry, I glanced around the corner and into the family room and could see that Rose was using Shadow as a lounging pillow, while Shadow was using Dave’s lap as a pillow of his own. It was a heavenly illusion—for a split second—I could imagine that this was just a normal family night at home, but in reality even before the warp last night, and even before Mark Thompson’s death last week—our world has been turned upside down ever since I’d published that damn book.
It is so heartbreaking because we have survived so much. The intrusion into our lives after the book had become a sensation and the tourists by the thousands who had descended upon Fremont—month after month. We had survived all of the questions and concerns from our family and friends who had wondered about our separation and current living arrangement. We’d learned how to live this sad existence and make it work for us. Dave living here alone while Rose and I live ten miles away in Hedrick. Dave has always been so great about spending his evenings with us in Hedrick; having dinner, and helping get Rose off to bed, and then spending a couple of hours with me as we have tried to have some semblance of a family life. He always—always stops into Rose’s room before leaving for home to give a last goodnight kiss to his slumbering baby girl.
Now, it seems that even those tiny bits of normalcy will come to an end, and I will need to figure out some other way for us to survive. Will getting further away from Fremont and vicinity be enough to stop Rose and me from warping? What if the distance isn’t the answer? What if the only way that we can stop the warps, is to isolate Rose Lynn from both of us at night, which will fracture our family even further? This is impossible and I feel so—so alone.

***

Finally, it was time to go. Dave lifted Rose into her car seat, buckling her in, and gave her a kiss goodbye. He closed the back door of my Pathfinder and pulled me into his arms for a kiss.
“Call me when you get to Mindy’s so I know that you’re there safe, okay?” he asked.
As he ran his hand up and down my back, I had to fight the urge to cringe away from the painful contact; every brush of his hand over my right shoulder blade was causing the bite mark on my back to throb. Several times throughout the day, I had ducked into the bathroom to confirm my suspicions—peeking under my shirt to see a spreading bruise that was continuing to develop into a deeper and angrier shade of dark purple.
“I will. And I’ll call you again before I head off to bed, just to say good night,” I offered. I glanced along the gravel road, relieved to see that the press had left and the scene was quiet. “At least the bloodsuckers seem to have given up for now. We should be able to get out of town without being spotted.”
“Leeches,” Dave hissed. “I’ll be curious to see how long it takes for them to give up permanently.”
“Maybe if they sit outside my house in Hedrick and see no movement, they’ll get the hint.” I said and slipped my arms up around Dave’s neck again, hugging him tight. “I’d better get going.”
I gave him one last lingering kiss, and then he opened my car door for me.
“Bye, Daddy!” Rose called from the back seat.
“Bye, sweetie,” Dave said. “Have fun.”
He waved at Mindy as she called a goodbye from her car and backed out of the drive.
I climbed in and Dave leaned in to give me another light kiss as I buckled my seatbelt.
“Call me,” he said again.
“I will,” I promised. He closed the car door and then he stood on the drive, watching us pull out behind Mindy. He reached down to scratch Shadow behind the ear as he joined him and then waved at me one more time before he and Shadow turned for the house.
“Do you want to watch a movie?” I called back to Rose as we passed the cemetery and headed onto the paved roads of Fremont. She didn’t respond and a glance into the rearview mirror confirmed my suspicion, she was already drowsing off. The rough gravel roads had always been like a sleeping potion for Rosie. When she was little and in a fussy mood, all Dave and I had needed to do to get her to fall asleep was to go for a drive through the Mahaska County countryside. It still worked—she was gone almost before we were out of the town proper. I had hoped that she would stay awake until we were in a little bit closer to Des Moines since after an hour-long nap she will probably be up all night. Oh well, I thought philosophically. At least there’s nowhere we have to be or anything important we need to do tomorrow.



Chapter 3


Torie

My namesake, ten-year-old Connor Lee White, lay sprawled out on his stomach on the floor before the big screen TV, lined up beside Rose Lynn and his little brother Luke. Connor slapped his hand against his forehead and rolled onto his back, laughing with frustration at his failed effort to show Rose how to use the game controller. The racecar that she had just spectacularly crashed into the virtual concrete wall was on fire; flames licking out from under the crumpled neon-green hood.
“Okay, Rosie. Now we need to start the game over,” eight-year-old Luke said gently. “Ready? Here we go. Now you need to wait for me to take my turn, just a minute now.” Luke explained patiently as he whipped his racecar around the track in record time, leaving the competition behind him.
With the noise from the engines blaring out of the home theater system, it sounded as if we were all in the middle of the Indy 500. I was relaxing in one of a pair of overstuffed recliners, as Mindy lounged in the matching chair and we each were enjoying an adult beverage.
We’d just finished making up a room for Rose and myself, and had put our things away. Soon we would need to shoo the kids off to bed, but first, we wanted to give them a few minutes to catch up with each other and unwind. Mindy’s boys are always wonderful with Rose, patiently trying to include her in activities such as video games that are way over her head; and like the little trouper that she is, Rose was trying to absorb the instruction as best as any two-and-a-half-year-old can.
My phone going off in my jeans pocket reminded me that I’d promised to call Dave when we had arrived at Mindy’s and I’d spaced it off. I looked at the display, expecting to see Dave’s smiling face but instead it was Carrie Aldridge calling.
“Mindy, I’m going to take this in the other room,” I said before I answered the call. I hurried out of the noisy family room and through the house to the quiet of the living room as I answered.
“Hey, Carrie.”
“Hey, Torie, I was calling to confirm our lunch for tomorrow, but I just saw Dave at Casey’s getting gas, and he said that you were in Des Moines for a few days,” she said. “Can I assume that our lunch is postponed?”
“Carrie, I totally forgot. I’m so sorry, but yes I’ll need a rain check. I’ve been inundated with reporters and decided to come into town for a few days to escape.”
“No problem. We can make it next week or something,” she offered.
“Yeah,” I agreed. “As soon as I figure out our timetable, I’ll be in touch.”
“Okay. Talk to you then,” she said and hung up.
I blew out a breath as I ended the call and covered my face with my hands, wondering what excuse I would be able to use to avoid her again, next week?
Carrie Aldridge. Someone who I had met briefly through circumstances and who has subtly but persistently tried to befriend me over the last year. My life being the nightmare that it is, I have kept her at arm’s length, although she keeps trying. I am glad now that I’d been able to keep the connection from becoming too close, but her efforts are a constant reminder of another relationship which I had failed to keep up my end on and the time for making amends for that failure are now past.
Back in 2013, Dave and I had been visiting the cemetery during the Memorial Day weekend, and I had met a wonderful woman named Edith Brooks. She had known my family’s older generations fairly well and had provided me with some new information about my grandaunt Lucy and the day that Lucy had died back in 1948. In fact, Edith had been present when Lucy had passed away.
I had asked Edith that day if we could maybe get together for lunch sometime and we had shared more than a few lunches at our home in Fremont. At the end of each visit we would always make plans to do it again until we were routinely sharing a Saturday lunch every few weeks. And then—Where Evil Lived had been published, and all hell had broken loose. I’d tried to keep up our lunches for as long as I could, even after the time warps had started up again for me and Dave, and even after I’d moved to Hedrick, but I’d needed to cancel on her so many times at the last minute that it wasn’t long before she had stopped calling and the connection between us had been lost. In the bigger scope of my crazy life, those lunches had seemed dispensable but I had missed them all the same.
The very last lunch that Edith and I had shared had been at her house, and it was then that I’d met her grandniece Carrie Aldridge. Edith’s health had started to decline in early 2015, and Carrie had quietly moved to Iowa to care for her. Carrie is an RN, who had recently left a bad marriage and had taken her maiden name back as the first step in changing her life. When the need arose, Carrie’s move to Edith’s home in Iowa had been the perfect answer for both of them.
Edith Aldridge Brooks and Carrie are both descendants of early Fremont pioneer James Aldridge. In the early 1940’s, Edith’s older brother had moved his wife and children including Carrie’s father, just a toddler then, down to Missouri. Although Carrie had been born and raised just outside of St. Louis, she and Edith had always been close. Carrie had visited Fremont every summer as a young child and all the way through her late teenaged years, to spend time on Edith’s farm. She and Edith had shared a love of both flower and vegetable gardening, and Carrie had also helped Edith’s husband Fred Brooks with farm chores such as detasseling corn and walking beans. Never having had any children of their own, Fred and Edith had truly treasured their grandniece.
Just a couple of months after Carrie had moved in, Edith had suffered a stroke and her health had deteriorated to the point that she had needed to go to the nursing home in Oskaloosa where she had slipped closer to the end of life. I’d spent just one more afternoon in Edith’s company, visiting her one snowy Saturday in December of last year, although sadly, she was no longer conscious or responsive. That day, Carrie and I had sat side-by-side in Edith’s room with our laptops open, speaking softly as we had shared our family trees and ancestral ties and we had formed one of those instant companionable bonds that day, sitting together in the critical care wing of the facility, keeping our vigil over dear Edith. It had been a kinship that could have become something special if I would’ve let it happen—I hadn’t.
Edith had died at the end of that month, on the exact same day of the month that my grandaunt Lucy had passed. Dave and I had attended the small service for Edith at the Fremont Funeral Chapel on Main Street and then we had followed along as part of the procession that had brought Edith to the Aldridge family plot at Cedar Township Cemetery, where she had been laid to rest beside her beloved husband Fred and surrounded by three generations of her family.
Carrie is now a member of the staff at the Maple Ridge facility where Edith had spent her last days. She had been both shocked and grateful to learn that Edith had willed her the farm, and she had decided to make the move to Fremont permanent and to make Edith’s home her own. She felt that it was destiny and a wonderful blessing because she loves Fremont every bit as much as I do. The farmstead and the four hundred acres of fields that surround the house and outbuildings are all hers now and she has continued to lease the fields out for crop production in the same arrangement that had been Edith’s main source of income in recent years.
Now that the warps have started happening again, I am even more determined to keep Carrie at a distance because as much as I desire a quiet, small-town life in Fremont Iowa—the reality is that with the current state of our screwed up lives, I know that I will likely never achieve my desires. I need to now seriously consider leaving it all behind me for good in order to prevent the warps that are after me again. I might need to seriously consider living away from Dave permanently and it frightens me to think that it has come to this—to me actually entertaining thoughts of ending my marriage but—and I know that Dave will agree—if that is what it will take to ensure Rose’s safety, then we will do anything and everything to make it happen.
I pressed speed dial for Dave’s cell phone to let him know that we are at Mindy’s and settled in for the night.
“Hi, honey. Sorry I didn’t call right away. We’re here,” I began.
“Hey, I was gassing up my truck and saw Carrie Aldridge,” he said.
“I know. She just called me. I forgot I was supposed to have lunch with her.”
“Well, what’s on your radar for tomorrow?” he asked.
“Probably shopping, if Mindy has her way,” I groused.
“Torie, take this time away from Fremont to enjoy yourself,” he urged. “You deserve it, babe.”
“I will. Let me know if you see any reporters circling you, will you? And Dave—please keep your cool, okay? Don’t let them get to you.”
Dave had gotten into a slight altercation with a photographer just the other night as we were leaving the Finish Line Diner after dinner. It had only amounted to a small nudge as he had pushed the photographer out of our way but it had only served to make the guy that much more determined.
“I won’t,” he promised.
“I’ll talk to you tomorrow. Give me a call if you get a break.”
“Will do—I love you, Torie. Give Rosie a kiss goodnight from me.”
“I will. I love you, Dave. Bye.”



Chapter 4


Dave

“Thomas, let me have it,” demanded a dark-haired boy of about fifteen.
“James, wait a minute,” Thomas snapped. He spun the cylinder of the revolver and added another round, then handed off the box of ammo to me. “Lester, hold this.”
I was standing beside the two on the sidewalk of downtown Fremont, outside a store with a banner across the front of the brick building which read Hardware & Mercantile.
It is always a royal pain in the ass to arrive in the middle of a warp and be with a bunch of people. I have no idea what is going on or who I currently am, however, there is a glass window before me so I am able to get a look at myself and see that I am also a kid of probably the same age. I have light-blond hair and am tall and thin. I’m wearing a plain white cotton shirt and suspenders holding up my early style of blue jeans.
I closed the lid to the box of ammo as I accepted it from Thomas and used their preoccupation with the gun, to take a good look about the street—getting my bearings. It appeared to be midday and quite a few people were strolling along the sidewalks. The day is warm and I decide that it is probably early summertime. I can hear what sounds to be, most likely, a hammer against an anvil coming from the livery stable across the street and I watch as a Ford Model T chugs past us on the dusty dirt road.
I look back to the boys, to see the one called Thomas cupping his hand around his eyes to block the glare of the sunshine as he looks through the plate-glass window.
“Here he comes,” he said.
A fourth boy yanked open one of the double doors to the store and came out carrying a leather holster and the packaging from the gun, tucked under one arm.
“Aaron, let me see it,” Thomas ordered.
I have the distinct impression that this kid Thomas is the ring leader of this group although Aaron appears to be the oldest of the four.
“Here,” Thomas said to the boy James, handing him the gun.
It looked to me to be a Colt six-shooter, the kind that every TV and movie viewer will later associate with cowboys and the Wild West. I don’t know what year I am currently in but by the surroundings and the style of our clothing, I would guess probably 1910 or so considering that I can only see one or two other Model T car’s along Main Street. Mostly horses and buggies are lined up along the road as people are going about their business.
“Thomas, it isn’t yours, you know,” Aaron barked as he relinquished the holster to the younger boy, then continued reading a small pamphlet that he had in hand. He held out the empty wooden gun case toward me. “Lester, hold this.”
I took the case and noticed the Colt emblem burnt into the lid of the box before I tucked it under my arm while I watched Thomas trying to strap the holster around his skinny hips. The belt was made of fancy tooled leather and there were shiny brass rivets decorating the entire surface.
“Hand it over,” Thomas demanded of James but before James could comply, Thomas rudely snatched at the gun.
It happened in an instant. As the boy James held the gun and Thomas reached for it, the gun slipped from both of their grasps and both boys grabbed for it but as they did, the gun discharged with a loud pop! and all of the boys jumped, as did I.
“Damn it!” Thomas barked.
“Oh, shit!” I shrieked; my voice cracking. I looked down at my crotch to see that a stain of bright red was spreading across the front of my pants. Dropping the gun and ammo boxes, I bent over, reaching down to grab hold of my crotch. To say that the pain was excruciating doesn’t even start to describe it. I couldn’t catch my breath as a searing burn began radiating from my groin all the way up to the left side of my waist.
“Jesus Christ!” I gasped.
My hands were already smeared with blood and it dripped down my pants and from between my fingers, spotting the ground below me. I began to stumble, swaying unsteadily on my feet and I could tell that I was about to pass out. Thomas slammed the gun into the holster and grabbed my arm just before I did a face-plant right onto the concrete sidewalk.
“I’ll go see if Doc Meythaler is in his office!” Aaron shouted, dashing down the street.
“Hold on, Lester,” Thomas cried. “James, help me!”
Both boys took ahold of me around my upper arms and wrapped their other arms around my waist, while I used both of my hands to try to keep my genitals in one piece. Then the boys were hustling me down the street in the direction Aaron had headed.
I have the worst fricking time warp luck imaginable, I decide silently as we stumble along the street. If there is an accident, an injury, or some other catastrophe, I am damn sure bound to find it and it wouldn’t be such a big deal if I could simply leave the warp behind, but that is never an option. All I can do now is to try and survive this, damn it—still after all this time!
“What’s the trouble here boys?” asked a heavyset elderly man sitting on a wooden bench outside of the bank building. He leaned forward depending heavily upon a sturdy walking stick, while spreading his legs to accommodate his huge gut as he looked down the street. “Was that a gunshot I heard?”
“Lester’s shot. It was an accident. The gun went off,” James shouted frantically.
Several more men approached just as Aaron ran back to say that the doctor was in and then without fanfare I was off of my feet and being carried around the corner of the bank building and up a flight of narrow wooden stairs. Although they were trying to help me, hoisting my legs up off of the ground caused a new wave of pain in my groin and I thought for sure that I was going to pass out, whether from the loss of blood or just having my junk on fire with a pain I could have never imagined, I’m not sure.
My thoughts turned to the office I was headed toward and the reality that I was going to be cared for by a turn-of-the-century doctor. I’d had some experience with old-style doctoring in the last year during my time traveling—too much and I was not looking forward to the experience again.
The door to the doctor’s office was already open and the men carried me in and laid me out upon a sturdy examining table just inside the door. There was only the one room, and it was filled with old books, jars of medicines, and a bunch of what looked like medieval surgical instruments displayed in an open case on a table close by.
“I’m fine,” I said in my young squeaky teenaged voice. “I’ll be okay.”
I didn’t know what the outcome of this experience was going to be and I also knew that no input I attempted to add was going to change a damn thing about what was about to happen to me. I watched as the old silver-haired doctor released my suspenders and unfastened my pants, as all the while, the boys and men who had carried me in, stood around the table craning their necks to get a good view. All I could think of was how unsanitary this entire situation was and how embarrassing, especially when two of the onlookers lifted my hips off of the table so that the doctor could work my pants and drawers down out of the way.
“Lester, you are one lucky boy,” Doc Meythaler chuckled, shaking his head. “If that isn’t the darndest thing.”
Lucky? I thought angrily and I didn’t appreciate the humor of the situation at all. Here I am with my pants down around my knees and my junk exposed for all to see. The doctor grabbed ahold of my penis and moved it to the side as he lifted my sack.
“Ouch! Doc, that hurts,” I cried out.
“You see there?” the doctor said to the group and everyone edged closer to get a better look. “Lester, you too. Take a look at this,” he gestured to me.
I propped myself up on my elbows and looked down. The time traveler in me noting that the boy I was inhabiting was indeed likely fifteen, judging by the sparse crop of pubic hair and other changes going on down below.
“That shot went right through the skin of your left testicle,” he said squeezing it slightly as he examined it.
“Ouch!” I repeated angrily but he continued with his show and tell as if he hadn’t even heard me.
“Missed the meat of the testicle completely and continued on up to take a chunk out of your left hip. See the entrance wound there?” He walked a pace around the table to lift my blood-soaked shirt higher and to take a closer look.
“Lift up and turn onto your side just a little, Lester,” Doc ordered. He studied my back and touched another sore spot that I could feel there, while all of the men in the room juggled their positions for a better view.
“Looks like it just missed the pelvic bone as it exited. You are one lucky young man,” Doc laughed and then continued. “How in the world did this happen?” he asked as he settled me onto my back again.
“Thomas shot him,” James offered.
“It was an accident,” Thomas barked. “Aaron and I were picking up a new gun for our pa.”
“And whose idea was it to load the gun?” Doc asked. I lifted my blood-coated hand to point an accusing finger at Thomas, and the other two boys joined me in singling out the guilty party.
“Well, Thomas, I think that your pa is going to be very unhappy. Not to mention your father, Lester,” Doc predicted.
He elbowed some of the gawkers out of his way and crossed to the washstand, where he poured water from a pitcher into a porcelain bowl. He dipped a cloth into the bowl and squeezed out the excess water, then returned to me and ran it over and around my groin to sop up the blood, then blotted the area dry with a hand towel. He picked up a dark brown bottle and a wad of cotton from the medical table at his side and I knew immediately what was coming when he uncorked the bottle and pressed the cotton to its open mouth, tilting the bottle until the cotton began to turn a dark nasty-brown. If I hadn’t known before—I sure would have as soon as he started dabbing at the area—Iodine!
“Damn!” I cried. “Doc, are you trying to kill me?”
I’d had iodine used on me one time in the real world when I was a kid, on my knee and that was only because I was staying with a neighbor kid whose grandma swore by the stuff. Having it applied full force directly on my ball sack; I couldn’t help but let out the longest and loudest string of curses that any of them had likely ever heard. I was probably using some words that weren’t even in existence yet!
The doctor ignored me, swabbing around the testicle and the second wound, while I writhed and moaned in agony.
“There now boy, all done,” he assured me.
He picked up a newspaper from a nearby chair seat and waved it over the area, adding a cooling breeze until the sting ebbed slightly.
“Just needed to get it cleaned up. Now I’ll take a stitch or two.”
“No, I’m fine,” I croaked, trying again to assure him that I didn’t need any further medical attention.
“Lester, if I don’t stitch you up to keep your family jewel from falling out—you could likely lose it somewhere on the street when you leave here.”
This remark brought chuckles from every man in the room.
“And I need to make it quick before any more swelling sets in. It’s already near swelled to the size of a baseball. I’ll need to close up that wound on your hip, too. Now just lay back, Lester—I’m gonna numb it up a bit first and it’s gonna pain ya a mite.”
“Courage, pal,” Thomas said with a nod. He patted my shoulder consolingly, then closed his eyes, and turned away, as did everyone else in the room. It was all pretty funny to them until they had to actually consider what I was about to endure. Then they were all cringing and groaning in empathy.
“Thomas McFall, you had best be shoring up your courage as well, boy. When your father gets wind of the fact that you nearly killed your cousin—you may not see the next dawn,” Doc predicted sternly as he started to work.
All I could do was cover my eyes, clench my teeth, and try not to cry like a baby. Warp or not, the pain was very, very real.

***

I was awake at eight in the morning, which is an early return for a warp but late for me to be starting my Saturday. I have a crap load of things to get done today: mow the lawn, give the horses their vaccinations, and shop for groceries in Oskie. Then I hope to drive to Des Moines to see Torie and Rose for dinner.
Torie had called me last night to tell me that she will be staying on at Mindy’s for another few days. She hadn’t said why, but I assume it has to do with the reporters. They have left her alone during the time that she has spent away and I think that she is enjoying the peace. I can’t blame her for that.
Instead of getting to any of the things on my ‘to do’ list right away, I started my coffee, grabbed a shower, and then I headed to my den and my computer and brought up Torie’s family tree program to do some searching. I’ve been on here so often lately, working on confirming the connections that I’ve made from different time warps, that I am an expert at navigating the tree and finding information.
I found Lester McFall easily. He was born in 1895 and had died in 1967. He had survived the brush with death that I had experienced last night, and I saw that Torie had attached—to his bio, a copy of a newspaper article from 1911 regarding the accident. Thomas McFall, Aaron McFall and James McFall were all first cousins to Lester and all of them were the sons of three of my great-grandfather Jacob McFall’s brothers. The article said that after an inquest was conducted by the sheriff, no charges had been filed and the shooting had been deemed ‘an accident’. Torie’s family tree included other details about Lester’s life, including his WWI draft registration card, his marriage record, and the christening records for his children. I was glad to see that Lester had married and successfully fathered six children—three boys and three girls. He had moved to Missouri with his wife and kids in about 1930 and had died down there.
I opened another browser window, bringing it up on the dual monitor of my computer, and logged onto my own private family tree on Ancestry.com and added all of the details regarding the incident. My family tree is becoming as full and complex as Torie’s because adding the details from each experience and connecting all of the people involved to my own branch and to each other—has become an obsession of mine over the past year. Torie would be impressed if she were to know what a genealogy hound I have become, but I will continue to keep that under wraps.
The warp last night had continued for several more warp hours. I hadn’t been able to ride my horse back to where my family had lived, so Dr. Meythaler had driven me home in his horse and buggy, with my horse trailing—contentedly tied behind. The jostling ride had taken less than an hour, but it had felt like an eternity once the topical anesthetic, likely some early type of Novocain, had worn off. Rutted gravel roads and steel-plated wooden wheels with primitive suspension do not combine well with an injured scrotum swollen to the size of a grapefruit. It’s just—not good.
We had driven right by my own house on the way and I had struggled to sit up in the backseat of the buggy and had craned my neck to get a look at it as we had passed by. I had seen my great-great-grandmother Katherine McFall and her granddaughter April stooped over out in the yard weeding a vegetable patch. Katherine had straightened up and given us a neighborly wave, which Doc had returned.
My great-great-grandmother Katherine McFall had lived another twenty-plus years after her husband William had been killed in a freak accident involving a wood saw, which I had experienced and been witness to during a time travel last year. Her son, my great-grandfather Jacob, had taken over the farm after William’s death in 1901. The passing down of the ownership of the homestead had been a gradual process, generation by generation. Katherine had lived on with the family until her death from a heart attack in 1923.
The farm that Dr. Meythaler had taken me to, about a mile north of my real-time house, was the same farm that we had often visited when I was a boy during our Christmas sleigh rides. The McFall relatives had long ago died out, and the children had sold off the land and moved away, leaving the farmhouse to deteriorate. Today the house is just a ram shackled old gray shell, but a hundred years earlier, as we had arrived back in 1911, it had still been in good shape.
The doctor had pulled up along the front porch and he’d patted my shoulder and told me to stay put as he had hopped down onto the drive. He hadn’t even had a chance to knock, after climbing the few steps to the porch, before the screen door had been opened and a blonde-haired, heavyset woman had emerged, wiping her hands on an apron tied about her broad waist.
“Why, Doc, what brings you…” she had begun pleasantly and then her words had trailed off as she had gotten sight of me, sprawled in the back of the carriage in my blood-soaked clothes.
“Oh dear God! Lester!” she had shrieked in horror. “Howard! Howard! Come quick!”
“There now, Agnes, don’t get all worked up,” Doc had said, gently patting her shoulder. “He’s gonna be just fine.”
Agnes had held her hands over her mouth, brushing off his reassuring gesture. She had pushed by him, dashing down the steps and around the carriage to my head where she had stepped up onto the runner and ran her hand through my hair. She had leaned over the side of the carriage to press a kiss to my forehead and then had cupped my cheek as she had kept her lips against my temple, sobbing loudly.
“Agnes, I said he’ll be fine,” Doc had tried again, hurrying after her.
“Lester, what on earth happened? Oh, my boy!” Agnes had wailed, nearing hysterics.
“Ma, I’m fine,” I had tried to reassure her, but my next words hadn’t helped matters. “Thomas shot me—but it was an accident.”
“Shot!” she had cried, looking to Doc. “Dr. Meythaler, is this true?”
Lester’s father had pushed through the screen door from inside the house just then.
“Shot!” he had repeated as the screen door had slammed shut behind him. He had pulled his suspenders over his shoulders and hurried down the steps.
“Howard, Agnes, the boy will be fine,” Doc had assured them both, stepping up into the front seat of the carriage and holding both his hands out toward them as if to stop the hysteria that had seemed on the verge of erupting. “And Thomas was sorrier than you can imagine. Now please calm down folks, and let’s carry him inside. Agnes, if you would prepare his bed? Howard, we’re going to need some more help.”
Agnes had wrapped her arms around my head and kissed my temple once more before rushing into the house to do the doctor’s bidding.
“Paul! John!” Howard had shouted toward the house before he’d stepped up into the carriage and crouched before me. He had tousled my hair with affection while patting my chest gently with his other hand. His concerned dark-eyes had roamed over my body and given the several bullet holes in my clothes and the amount of blood saturating my shirt and pants, I could have been shot in any number of places.
“Where’s he hit, Doc?”
Dr. Meythaler had pointed to my crotch as he spoke. “Two wounds—neither of them serious. The bullet took a chunk out of his side after passing clean through his jewel sack.”
“His—will he be able—is he still—did it…” Howard had stopped and started and seemed unable to decide on how to phrase his question.
“Everything’s still intact and functional, Howard,” said Doc. “I’ll be stopping by over the next few days and weeks until we get him healed up. He’ll be laid up for a while, I’m afraid. No chores or farm work for him.”
Howard had smiled at me with another pat to my chest. “That’s one way to get out of walking the beans,” he had chuckled. “Lester, boy, thank God you’re okay. We’ll get you inside and settled and then I’ll be paying a visit to my brother’s place and have a few words with him and Thomas.”
Just then the screen door had flown open and two lanky, tow-headed teenaged boys, had leapt off of the porch.
“Lester! What the heck?” the older one had said. “Ma said you were shot—but you look more like a stuck pig! You got any blood left in you?”
He had stepped up onto the spokes of the carriage wheel to get a better look at me, while the younger teen had stepped up into the carriage beside his father. He’d stood with his hands on his hips, surveying his fallen sibling with concern.
“Paul,” Howard had addressed the older teen. “You and John each take a leg, and me and Doc’ll get the rest. Lester, can you put your arms around our shoulders?”
“Yes, just take it easy, please—and try to keep my legs together and even,” I’d said, eyeing both of the boys, who were reaching for my feet. They had nodded their understanding.
“Okay, boys, feet first, and in your direction,” Howard had ordered, using his index finger to point the course. I had taken a deep breath and braced for the pain I’d known was coming, and had tried not to cry out as they’d jostled me unevenly out of the carriage. Once the men had gotten me out and up onto the porch—two young girls, presumably sisters, had opened the screen door and held it wide to make way as I had been carried inside.
I’d had a few more challenges to endure as the men had juggled me until I had been head first and then I had been carried up a flight of stairs to a second-floor bedroom. The boys had done their best to try to keep my legs together as they had followed the doc and Howard, but with my legs lower than the rest of my body; my hugely swollen scrotum had throbbed with a new bout of pain with every step they had climbed. I had been thankful when we had finally made it up and onto even ground.
I shook my head now, remembering the rest of the painful experience of being hauled down the hallway and put to bed. It had been a bad warp, but as with many of my experiences, it had also given me great insight into my family and the type of people I share a gene pool with. Lester’s parents had both been loving and wonderful people. Good stock, I guess you could say—the McFall’s come from good stock.



Chapter 5


Torie
Monday morning

I adjusted the paper gown and reached underneath to scratch an itchy spot on my shoulder—when I did, the paper sheet covering my lap and legs started to go and I grabbed for it. Just as I got myself situated, there was a knock on the door.
“Come in,” I called.
Dr. Lister followed closely by his nurse, Sue, burst into the room in a blur of blue lab coats and ruffling papers.
“Torie, how are you?” he asked, studying my chart briefly before turning to drop it onto a nearby countertop. “You’re here for an annual and—birth control?” he furrowed his light brows in confusion, glancing around at me quizzically. “You and Dave decide on a change in plans? Last we talked…”
“I just want to have some time before we try again,” I offered, hoping to just leave it at that. I doubted that he knew a thing about the fervor over Thompson, or anything about Dave and my current living arrangement. All he knew was that at my last visit, a year ago, I had been determined to try for another baby while I am still young enough and before we start needing some fertility assistance.
“Of course—just be aware that the longer you wait to try again, the greater the likelihood that we may need to explore some other options,” he predicted. He tapped his pen on the chart, and then dropped it on top of it, moving to wash and dry his hands at a nearby sink before he turned to me.
“Okay, let’s have you go ahead and lay back.”
He pulled out a shelf to make a bed for my legs and flipped my gown out of the way as he performed a breast exam, palpating both gently and waiting for me elaborate.
“I understand that I may have some issues since I’m going on forty this year, but this is what we need to do for now. It’s just not the right time for another baby at this point in our lives.”
Dr. Lister finished and smoothed my gown down over me, patted my hand and smiled kindly as he headed south and adjusted the table while steering my feet toward the stirrups. Then he lifted the paper sheet and asked me to scoot down until my hips were at the edge of the table. He swiveled a bent neck exam light closer, while his nurse pulled a stool up for him. He took a seat as she brought a tray containing rubber gloves, lubricant, and a warmed speculum to his easy reach.
As the cool jelly and the metal device entered my body, Dr. Lister made small talk about my family and about a movie that he’d watched over the weekend about the Civil War, of all things. He scraped a pap smear, removed the speculum, and then stood to insert his fingers as he felt my uterus and ovaries. His eyes focused on nothing as he looked up at the ceiling, concentrating as he took a lap around my lady parts. Finally—he deemed me good to go.
He and Sue headed out to write up a prescription for birth control pills and to give me a few minutes to dress. After I did so, I sat in a chair in the exam room as the time ticked by and I turned my phone on to check for messages. I’d turned it off earlier, not wanting to field a call from Dave and possibly need to explain—or more accurately, lie about where I am.
Seeing a doctor out in West Des Moines gave me some degree of anonymity, thank goodness. I need a little anonymity in my life. My plan is to keep all of this pill business to myself, and living separate from Dave, as I have for more than a year now, makes that easier. Currently, I’d decided to stay with Mindy for at least another few days and, quite possibly, I might need to stay with her indefinitely—so there is little chance that Dave will know a thing about this doctor visit. At the rate that things are going, I might never be in a home with Dave ever again. I feel sick to my stomach, entertaining the thought, but I also know that it could become a reality, unless we uproot our lives and—what? I don’t even know.
All I do know is that no matter how bad I feel about keeping this huge choice from Dave, I have to. Things had not gone well for me last time I was in the time warp world. I feel sure that the man who had attacked me hadn’t been the husband of the young pioneer woman named Mary. It had been her husband’s body, but I believe now that it had been some other traveler that had taken the man over and attacked me.
That warp, when I had been Mary and the rape that had chased me from my house, I have an intuitive feeling could likely be repeated again. My thought process being that if this current disaster of our lives extends for any length of time and if Dave and I were to be together, then I could become pregnant again and I couldn’t very well ask Dave to wear a condom without opening a huge ole’ can of worms. No—the best solution is to get back on the pill. I need to trust my intuition and safeguard myself because I have decided to do something that could be really, really, really stupid—maybe even suicidal.
I am going to begin staying the night at the house in Hedrick alone and go time traveling—alone. My hope is that I might be able to figure out the key to warping. Of course, I’ve never figured it out before and really don’t know why I think that it will be any different this time. I just know that I have to try and in case it doesn’t go well, I don’t want another baby at risk in the event of another violent assault.
A light knock on the door interrupted my thoughts.
“Come in,” I called.
Sue entered with a prescription and my exam slip in hand.
“There you go, Torie. I guess we’ll see you next year unless you have any issues before then,” she said and smiled.
“Thank you, Sue. I’ll be in touch if I change my mind about things,” I said and grabbed up my purse, heading out.

***

I stopped at the Medicap near Mindy’s house to fill my prescription before heading back to her house for lunch with Rose Lynn and to spend a couple of hours letting the kids swim in a plastic backyard wading pool. When I had left the house this morning, I had told Mindy a lie about going to a meeting at Barnes and Noble to go over some details about having a book signing at their store in Clive, instead of the truth about the ob/gyn appointment.
I had further lied to her about needing to do a web meeting with my publisher from my house in Hedrick at 5 p.m. tonight and that I had to do it there because the link up was on my desktop computer tower and I had no other option. I had also told her that once the webinar is over, that it will be close to 8 p.m. and I won’t want to drive all the way back to Des Moines, so I will be staying the night in Hedrick.
I don’t anticipate it being an issue, but I also plan to tell her that Dave will be concerned with me staying in Hedrick alone with all of the reporters still lurking about, so I am going to ask her to cover for me by saying that I am at a late spa appointment, in case he calls her house. I really don’t think that he will because he never has before but I need to cover all of my bases. I am becoming such a terrible and surprisingly adept liar. I just hope that I can keep all of my bull-crap straight. I have so many lies spread out between my family, Mindy, and Dave that I feel like I almost needed to start a spreadsheet to keep track of what line of crap is being fed to whom!

***

“Rose Lynn, wait just a minute,” I said with a laugh as she excitedly tried to step into the wading pool before I could even finish pulling on her swimsuit bottoms.
“Are sure about them swimming so soon after lunch?” I asked Mindy again as she placed a cold diet pop beside me. “What if she gets an upset tummy?”
Mindy looked at her wristwatch. “Torie, you’re still such a newbie at this kid stuff. That rule is for large pools and anyway it’s been forty minutes. They’re fine,” she said as Connor leaped into the pool and launched a spray of water that hit both Mindy and me.
“Connor Lee White! No jumping!” Mindy ordered, wiping water from her face. “That water temp is perfect. I think the key is getting it filled and in the sun early. Having it on the deck will prevent them tracking grass into the pool and house.”
“Good thinking,” I agreed.
We were sitting in folding chairs on her deck near the edge of the large wading pool and I held Rose’s hand as she stepped over the cushiony edge and plopped down onto her bottom. I gave her a bucket, shovel, and an assortment of plastic duckies and bath time toys to play with. She filled the bucket with water and immediately dumped it over her own head to her surprise and came to her feet with wide eyes, sputtering and gasping for air.
“Rose Lynn,” Luke said with a laugh. “What did you do?”
Rose reached for me and I grabbed up a towel and wiped the water from her face. “You’re okay, you goof. Don’t do that. Pour the water on your duckies,” I suggested.
“Here, Rose, pour it on me,” Connor offered, swimming over and presenting her with the top of his head.
Rose took a seat in the water again, filling the bucket and dumping it over Connor’s head. She looked up at me with a big dimpled grin.
“Me, too,” Luke said. “Rosie, wash my hair off.”
Rose complied and giggled gleefully as the boys both asked for more.
The weather was very warm and I slipped out of my blouse to let my arms get a little sun as I sat in just my navy tank top. Mindy was in her bikini swimsuit and rubbing some sunscreen onto her pale white arms.
“You sure you don’t want to borrow a suit?” she asked. “I have several.”
“No, I’m fine like this,” I said. I reached to accept the sunscreen from her and added a small amount to my arms to prevent a burn.
I had no doubt that if I were in a bikini suit top I would be unable to hide the lingering bruises that are still on my back. The bruising around my ribcage and the reddish burn on the crease of my thigh are gone or I would have never made the gynecology appointment. The human teeth marks on my right shoulder blade though, are still very distinct. If my exam today would have involved my body being totally exposed, I would have needed to wait even longer to put my plan into effect.
I looked at my wristwatch. It is 1 p.m. and I still have another hour before heading out. I realize that I am actually anxious to get to my house in Hedrick and start to work. I am going into this experiment with a new theory regarding the time warps; that theory being that some of those in the past knew about the travelers from the future. That is why there were references in the old family letters about the hum or whispers and maybe that is why Rose Lynn had been with my grandaunt Lucy during her time warp. Perhaps she had been kept safe and secure back in the 1920’s baking cookies in Lucy’s kitchen, intentionally. I am hoping that is the case anyway. Rose Lynn had expressed warm feelings for Lucy and her daughter Reva Dion the morning after her time travel. It had been obvious because of her reaction to seeing them in the album of old photographs.
My theory additionally is that if I am with people from the past, loving family members, then I will be safe. Getting to those loved ones will be the problem because the warps are random and I have absolutely no control over where I will end up. However, many of my warps from before, when I had lived in Grandma Rose’s house; often had involved family of some sort and I am counting on that being true again this time and hoping that I will have some allies. I can only pray that my theory will be proved to be true.



Chapter 6


Torie

“I’m going to enjoy this,” the man hissed with a low laugh. “You just make this too easy.”
He was probably mid-twenties, brown hair and had the scruffy dark stubble of a beard on his broad face. His eyes were very blue, like aquamarine gems. I noticed them first as I arrived in this warp and also that those eyes were squinting. He had me gripped firmly by the shoulders and was pressing me up against the back of a building as he surveyed the scene. He was sweating profusely and his labored breath wheezed from his lungs as if he had just run from a great distance. We stood amid garbage cans and wooden crates, protected from the heat of the bright sun by the shade the building provided. I decided quickly that it was before noon because the shadow that we stood in on the west side of the building was only a few feet wide.
I was trying to get my bearings. The building we were standing behind appeared to be on the south end of South Main. It was probably close to the rear of Bill’s barber shop. Gauging the timeframe from this young man’s clothes though, it made me consider possibly 1900 or earlier. Why I, a lone woman, was at this deserted back alley location was puzzling to me.
“Release me this instant,” I snapped with authority. I noticed that my voice was young, probably late teens or early twenties.
“Shut your mouth,” he warned.
He grabbed my upper arm like a vice and started to drag me along the back of the buildings toward the end of town. I could see that we were headed in the direction of a wooded area. The farm that exists in Fremont today at the south end of Main Street, at this point in time, was only rough untamed land that had never been fenced or cleared.
“Help!” I was only able to shout out once before he grabbed me by the neck and placed his arm around my throat while his other hand clumsily covered my mouth. His thumb poked my right eye in his haste to silence me and prevent the scream that I was trying to unleash. My eye began to water and I wasn’t able to keep it open in the bright sunshine as he dragged me across the deserted gravel road and toward the woods. It’s mid-day, where the hell are the people of Fremont that I am being hustled away like this without anyone witnessing it? I wondered silently, frantically.
I heard his harsh ragged breathing close to my ear as I stumbled along, doing my best to try to keep up with him while fighting to breathe through my nose. My blood pounded in my ears as his arm painfully squeezed my throat tighter, which caused me to lose my footing and I started to go down. Then I remembered, all at once, rule 101 of self-defense; play dead. A person relaxed and dead weight is much more difficult to manipulate. As I fell I just let go and became a wet noodle. The sudden change caused him to stop and he lost his grip on me as I crumpled to the road.
“Get up!” he shouted angrily and hauled off and kicked me—hard. Pain exploded in my right thigh and radiated up my leg but I just continued to play possum, even when he pulled back his booted foot to deliver another blow. I held my breath and waited for the pain but he changed his mind and instead, he reached down to grab me by my hair. I was lying on the side of the gravel road and just feet from the ditch and the barren woods beyond. This was my only defense and was buying me seconds, at most.
He seemed to make a decision and with both hands he grabbed my hair and started dragging me toward the scruffy weeds at the edge of the road, heading for the deep ditch. The pain, as he yanked at my hair won out against my intent to remain motionless and I instinctively reached up to grab his hands. I screamed out with the pain, trying my best to dig my nails into his wrists.
Then I heard the sound of horse hooves and the man released me suddenly. He leaped down into the ditch and up the opposite side, crouching behind a tree just out of sight. The dust cloud from the road billowed across me as several horses came around the corner from Main Street and to an abrupt halt before me.
“Are you all right, Rachel?” an older man with a dark-brown leather duster and a cowboy hat asked as he leaped off of his horse and crouched beside me.
“Fine,” I said. “There was a man. He was here only moments ago.”
“Where did he go?” he asked.
I pointed to the woods and several other men dismounted and headed down into the ditch and soon disappeared from view as they bounded through the dense stand of trees beyond.
“Don’t you worry, Rachel, we’ll find him. He may have led us on a merry chase but I think we have him now.”
A shout came from the woods just then. “Sheriff, we got him,” a man yelled out.
“Good work,” the man who apparently was the sheriff hollered back as he helped me to my feet. I reached down to brush the road dust off of my long ankle length skirt as we heard the men heading through the underbrush and they emerged with the man in tow. Two of the beefy cowboys had him firmly by his arms. He was bleeding from a cut on his lip and looked dazed. He didn’t even look in my direction.
“Posen, your days of thieving are over this time,” the sheriff, who was now helping me toward the buildings of town, said over his shoulder. “You men get him secured and on a horse. I’m sure the jail in Oskaloosa will be happy to take this one off of our hands.” 
“Yes, Sheriff,” one man responded politely. “You heard the sheriff, Fleming. Grab your cuffs and let’s get this scamp trussed up.”
The sheriff took my hand in the crook of his arm and led me toward the back of the line of stores. I allowed him to assist me inside as he seemed to know me and where I belong.
“Rachel!” A silver-haired shop owner barked, coming to his feet from a stool and out from behind a wooden and glass counter to meet us. “Sheriff Cones, what the devil?”
“Terrance, we caught Posen out back of here. We have him in custody. He happened on Rachel,” he said pointing to my swollen eye. “I think she may need to see the doc.”
“Rachel, my dear,” the man Terrance said with concern. He took my hand and led me to the front windows of the store where he could get a better look at my eye. As he gently grasped my chin and turned my face so that he could get a look at it, I was noting the store name in ornate lettering across the window, Dunn Dry Goods.
“I surely will consult the doc, Sheriff,” Terrance said absently as he continued to tend to me. “Thank you for assisting her. She was just taking out the rubbish.”
“Well, Posen is in custody now and we are taking him off to Oskie,” Sheriff Cones said while adding a slight doff of his cowboy hat toward me. “Take care Rachel and I’ll be getting along now.”

***

I returned from my time travel with my eye throbbing and pain radiating from my right leg and my scalp. I sat up and ran my hands through my hair, coming away with what felt like a handful of neatly yanked out strands. Great, I thought as I turned on a lamp to light the room and confirm that indeed I held a significant auburn hairball clutched in my fist. I glanced at my bedside clock: 4 a.m.
“Damn,” I moaned as I pulled the covers off of my legs. My right leg had a large reddish mark and the bruising was already beginning to show. The contusion caused by the kick I had received, was about the size of a baseball. I hurried from my bed, dumping the clump of hair into the wastebasket and turned on the overhead light so that I could get a better look at my eye. I studied myself closely before my mirrored dresser. I could already tell that I was going to need to do some major cover-up on my face. The puffy black evidence of my encounter with the man Posen had already formed a dark bruise under my right eye.
“This is just wonderful,” I hissed aloud disgustedly.
I went into the kitchen, started a pot of coffee, and then decided that I needed to do something about my eye and the swelling that was continuing to bloom. I grabbed some ice cubes from the freezer, placing them in the center of a kitchen towel and pulled it into a soothing compress. Then I headed to my spare bedroom and grabbed up the book Big Grove, a History of Fremont and Cedar Township, Mahaska County, Iowa written by Keith Dinsmore back in the 1970’s. It is a pretty extensive history of Fremont and Cedar Township, in general. Taking that book and a few other Mahaska County history books from my bookshelf, I headed out to the living room and my desk. I powered up my computer and logged onto my family tree program. I didn’t feel that Rachel or her father Terrance were my family and I checked my tree but couldn’t find any blood ties to either my or Dave’s lines. 
I opened Big Grove and started skimming through the early history of Fremont. Perhaps the capture of the criminal Posen was something that would have been covered, but he seemed to have been a minor criminal and likely a petty thief. With the ice pack over my right eye, I proceeded to spend the pre-dawn hours combing through the book and a few other sources and I finally did find a small story in the regional history book titled Mahaska County, Iowa written in 1906. It contained a brief biography of Sheriff Jess Cones and one of his accomplishments mentioned in the piece was the capture of a thief and drifter named Ralph Posen who had been hiding out in the woods in 1902. There was no mention of Posen accosting a girl named Rachel, however.
I did find a photograph and small biography of the man named Terrence Dunn in a public family tree on Ancestry.com. He had owned the dry goods store in Fremont from 1886 to 1906 and he’d had a daughter named Rachel. Rachel had actually worked for him at the store according to the biography. My guess was that my near abduction experience which had begun behind that store in old Fremont probably hadn’t ever happened to the girl originally. However, the course of what had happened had been high-jacked by the unknown traveler. I think that Posen was taken over by a traveler about the same time that I had arrived and inhabited the girl. The warp had still ended with the same conclusion, which had been that the man had been caught in the woods south of town by Sheriff Cones and taken off to justice.
I had definitely gotten the sense that the man was a traveler and that he also knew that I was a traveler. What was it that he had said—“You make this too easy”—was that it? He’d said it in such a way that it had made me think that we had met before. It now caused me to seriously consider that he might have been the very same traveler who had come across me last week when I had been Mary and at the rustic homestead.
The biography regarding the Dunn family went on to say that Rachel Dunn had died a few years from the timeframe of the warp. The cause of death was stated as an infection of the pelvic bones. I’d found that often female issues were diagnosed as pelvic bone infections back in the late nineteenth century and early twentieth century. I would bet money that most of those general diagnoses’ were probably ovarian cysts, cancers, tubal pregnancies, and other female reproductive afflictions. Rachel Dunn had died at the age of twenty-three and had never married. There was a picture of a tin-type photo of her included in the book, with the Fremont graduating class of 1899. In the black and white image I could tell that she’d had light hair, probably a light-brown, and had been slim and petite compared to her other classmates which had been three boys and one girl.



Chapter 7


Torie

Being early in the morning, the Finish Line was relatively calm. The daily tourist traffic had not yet begun so I decided to stop in and grab a cup of coffee for the drive back to Des Moines. I knew that Dave would be on the road by now, to a renovation project that he was working on out in rural Mahaska County, so I wouldn’t run into him. Plus, I saw that Carrie Aldridge’s bright-yellow Jeep Wrangler was in the lot and since I hadn’t rescheduled or even attempted to arrange another lunch date with her, this would give me a chance to catch up with her, with an easy out. Maybe a little dose of Carrie Aldridge is just what I need this morning, to brighten my day.
I just hope that she doesn’t notice what a total mess I am. The bluish bruise under my eye is still developing from the rough abuse I had received from Posen in my warp last night, but I had covered it with makeup. Now, if only it would serve to mask it enough so that it wouldn’t be obvious to her and the ice had brought down the swelling nicely.
“Hi, Carrie,” I greeted her as I slid onto a stool beside her at the café counter. “How are you doing?”
“Hey, stranger,” Carrie said with a smile. “I haven’t seemed to be able to connect with you. I called you again yesterday but you didn’t pick up.”
“I’m sorry I didn’t call you back when I saw your number on my phone. I’ve been working with my agent long distance regarding some publishing things and I am still dodging the reporters while the dust settles regarding Thompson,” I said. “Even stopping to grab my mail and such, I try to do in the early morning before the reporter and tourist traffic start up. I’ll be out of touch for another few days.”
Carrie nodded. It really needed no further explanation.
This morning she was dressed in bright rainbow-colored scrubs and her pale-blonde hair was up in a complicated bun with little fans of tendrils popping out stylishly like Phoebe on Friends. Carrie is the first person that I’d needed to give up on, as far as deciding who her celebrity look-alike might be. She has actress Zooey Deschanel’s type of large round eyes except that Carrie’s are hazel and seem to change color with her mood. One time they might appear to be a rich caramel-brown, one time more of a murky moss-green, or even a dark-mustardy yellow-gold. Today they are mossy-green. She also has Deschanel’s deadpan way of speaking but can also be very animated. She has lips to die for, à la Scarlett Johansson or Angelina Jolie, awesome cheekbones, a slim and swanlike neck—I am just stumped as far as thinking of any one famous person who captures all the facets of Carrie Aldridge. 
She is younger than me, at just thirty-six and about my height and weight but she is the outdoorsy type, in a sexy way that I could never, in a million years, pull off. She is outgoing, genuine, and I am sure that she is the sunshine that every elderly resident at the nursing home waits for each morning to start their days. If my life had turned out the way that I had wanted, she would be someone in my inner circle—forever. Of course, I have no inner circle. I am a circle of one and as far as the life I had imagined—I continue to lose ground.
“Torie, what can I get you?” Bev Martin asked me as she placed a glass of water before me.
“Actually, Bev,” I said dropping a five-dollar bill on the counter. “Just a large coffee to go and maybe one of those chocolate frosted donuts under glass there.” I pointed to the covered pedestal holding a dozen yummy delights.
“Sure, coming right up. Uh oh, here comes trouble,” she said, nodding in the direction of the front windows before she turned back to the pot behind her to get my coffee going. Both Carrie and I, in unison, looked around and out the large front windows to the parking lot just in time to see Jeff Allman hopping out of his blue Chevy pickup truck.
Dressed in a tee and blue jeans, he was obviously heading to work and I scrambled internally as I tried to come up with a good lie to tell him in case he was going to be seeing Dave today.
“There they are, the two prettiest ladies in town,” Jeff greeted us as he slid onto a stool beside me. Bev set my coffee before me as he added. “I meant three prettiest.”
He favored Bev with one of his time-tested sexy half smiles and a flirty wink. Both Carrie and I shook our heads at his flattery while Bev turned about five shades of red as she placed a glass of water before him. She was obviously a little affected by his animal magnetism. He propped his tattooed arms on the counter, giving Carrie and me the once-over.
“So, Mrs. Cameron, Ms. Aldridge—what do you have on your agendas this fine early morning?” he asked and then leaned back to look around me, probably to admire Carrie’s backside. “By the attire, I would guess work and Torie,” he looked me up and down, perusing my blue jeans and comfy sweatshirt. “What? Another day in the life of a famous author, huh?”
I laughed. “Oh yeah,” I said as I drizzled some cream and sugar into my coffee, stirring it before snapping on the to-go lid. “The glamour just never stops.”
“So I hear,” he said.
“I had to pick up some research materials before the zoo opens up around here,” I said by way of covering myself but he was already leaving the subject behind as I watched him appraise Carrie with obvious carnal thoughts going on in his, forever the player, brain.
“Carrie,” he drawled smoothly. “Is everything at the old farmstead in good order? You don’t need me to come out and inspect your shingles, do you? I think it might be due.”
“Actually I was just thinking about that a few days ago. Do you do free inspections?” she asked innocently. I couldn’t believe that she was going to fall for it.
“You bet. I think that when I reroofed it for Edith, just out of high school, must have been the last time that it was replaced.”
“You did it?” she asked in surprise.
“One of my first jobs,” he nodded. “Of course, then I was an assistant to my uncle.”
“I’ll give you a call to set up that inspection. Let me check my work schedule and then I’ll be in touch.”
“I’ll be looking forward to it,” he said with a grin and then turned his attention to Bev. “Just a cup of black coffee to go, sweetie,”
Bev hurried to obey as I stood and grabbed up my coffee, the paper bag containing my donut and my purse. “I need to get going,” I said to the two of them.
“Hey, me too. Let me walk out with you,” Carrie said while placing a few dollars on the counter to settle her bill. “I’ll be in touch, Jeff.”
Jeff turned on his stool to watch Carrie rise to join me. I watched his eyes take in every inch of her, from head to toe. “Have a good day, ladies.”
“You too, Jeff,” I said with a nod.
Carrie and I walked together out to the lot and we paused between our two vehicles.
“I’ll be in touch. Maybe we can do lunch soon. Might be a good idea to meet somewhere in Oskie or maybe in the recesses of Ottumwa to avoid most of the hordes of tourists,” I suggested. “I’ll call you.”
Carrie was glancing back into the window at Jeff where he sat at the counter entertaining Bev with something that was causing her to smile like crazy.
“God, he’s hot, isn’t he?” she asked.
I gasped. “Oh no!” I said. “Carrie do not tell me that you’re thinking about that. He’s sexy as hell, but he isn’t more than a one-night stand.”
“Hmmm—maybe that’s just what I’m looking for,” she said ending with a laugh.
“Really?” I asked in surprise.
That caused me to do some mental readjusting about who I have always considered Carrie to be. I guess that I have never considered that she would be the one-night stand type because she is so in control and mature. More mature than I am on some levels.
“Just kidding,” she assured me as she took in my shocked expression and she grabbed my upper arm with a light squeeze and laughed. “I’ve got my eye on a sexy young doctor who visits some of the patients at the nursing home,” she confessed. “Speaking of which, I best be heading to work. Call me, okay?”
“I will,” I promised as we both turned toward our cars. “Have a great day.”
“You, too,” she said with a wave and climbed up into her Jeep.
We both left the lot heading in the direction of Oskaloosa and I was behind her all the way into town until she took a right onto ‘A’ Avenue, heading toward the nursing home while I took a left heading for Highway 63 and Des Moines.

***

As I drove the sixty miles to Mindy’s house, my mind was once more on the time warp from last night. It seems to me that my theory about my family protecting me is not correct. Or it might still be correct, but unfortunately, I had failed to find myself in a warp involving family. The problem is not having control and finding myself in situations that leave me vulnerable. Unfortunately, all I can do is keep at it; last night was just my first effort, after all. I need to be less critical of my failures because I feel like this is going to take some time to figure out if figuring it out is even possible.
The closer I got to Des Moines the more nervous I became as I tried to sort out what I could possibly say to Mindy to explain my not staying with Rose at her house tonight or at all from here on out. I can’t keep coming up with excuses such as a webinar event every night. I just need to tell her that I am going to be gone, period, that I need her to keep and care for Rose Lynn for me and I also need to tell her in such a way that she won’t accidentally and innocently tell Dave. So she needs to understand that Dave is to be kept in the dark.
I am hoping to minimize the effect on Rose Lynn by staying each night until she falls asleep. That way I can also field or make a good night to call to Dave, before heading out for Hedrick. It will make for late nights because the drive is roughly an hour, depending on road conditions and traffic. It will also make for even later mornings for me, if my warps drag out and I don’t get back early but I don’t have any choice because I feel like the only way that I can get back into the groove of time warps and possibly find some way to figure them out is to go back—every night. The only way to understand and learn something is by repetition, right? So, although I most likely will find myself in danger and possibly assaulted or worse, scary as those thoughts are, I have to try.



Chapter 8


Torie

I walked down the hall from the bedroom that I have shared with Rose Lynn after tucking her in with a nighttime story and a kiss. Mindy has been so great while we have been here. She had dug out one of her boys’ old toddler beds and her husband Mike had reassembled it for Rose’s use. Mindy had even gone so far as to buy a new mattress for the bed I have been sleeping in which I had demanded that she let me pay for and she had grudgingly agreed. I had also insisted that she let me pay her for us staying with her. Just the extra water and groceries that we have consumed are adding up quickly. Again, grudgingly, she had agreed to accept a small donation from me to go toward the family budget.
Mike and Mindy do pretty well for themselves. They have a nice, large ranch-style house in one of the newer neighborhoods in Des Moines. Mike is an IT professional for one of the large insurance companies in town, as the city of Des Moines and now West Des Moines are huge hubs of the insurance industry in Iowa. Actually, I too had worked in insurance, a few years ago, as a director of new business at Principal Financial. Before I had started writing, my career path was to have included a bid for a position of VP or above. It’s funny how my life ended up. Not funny in the literal sense, because my life now is not funny, in the least.
As I was adding Rose’s water glass to the dishwasher, Mindy breezed into the room.
“Hey, can we talk for a couple minutes?” I asked lightly. “How about we go out on the deck?”
Mindy closed the fridge with her hip and twisted the top off of a bottle of fancy micro-brew beer. “Sure, let me give this to Mike,” she frowned at me, obviously seeing through my casual request. “What’s up with you?”
“Give Mike his beer and then come on outside,” I said and with a swish of my hand, waved her on her way.
“Let me start the dishwasher first and I’ll be right out.”
“I’ll do that,” I offered. “I think I can manage to do that much for you after the great dinner.”
“Mindy!” Mike called from the family room.
“Go!” I said. I could tell that she wanted me to give her my agenda for the talk but she headed out of the kitchen to be the good wife and to see to her man’s needs.
I brought the dishwasher soap out from under the sink and got the dishes going and then went ahead and wiped off the granite kitchen counters with a sponge as I heard Connor calling for Mindy from the basement, something about helping him find his favorite baseball glove.
“Connor Lee White, please be quiet! Rose Lynn is sleeping,” she said harshly but in a whisper as she breezed by the kitchen and in the direction of the basement stairs. She held up an index finger at me indicating one minute as she passed by. She rolled her eyes indicating her irritation with her son but I know that Mindy lives for her family as much as I live for mine.
Mindy being a stay at home mom is always what she had wanted to be. When we were kids, meeting Mr. Right and having two kids and a white picket fence had been her dream. She had been one of those girls who’d had a huge binder stuffed full of her wedding plans. Over our pre-teen and teen years, as the styles had changed, the binder had continued to grow thicker and thicker. There had been tabs for the perfect dress, the hall, and the guest list, which often included and excluded people as they had pissed off or pleased Mindy. I’d always considered myself honored to have never received an angry red line slashing through my name on that list.
She’d had pictures of every teen heart-throb of the 1980’s and 90’s filling pages labeled ‘Groom’ and another tab labeled ‘House’ with photographs of houses that she had envisioned herself occupying in her future. She had gotten most everything that she had wanted, but the house is a sprawling thirty-five-hundred square foot ranch—not the mansion that Tori Spelling grew up in. And her husband is an easy-going blond computer nerd (Mike’s definition of himself) who is usually outside playing goalie on the drive for the boys most nights, for endless games of roller hockey, or in the family room in front of the Syfy channel. He is not quite one of the smexy boys of our youth that Mindy had imagined would one day be her groom. Those boys, who’d filled the pages of that old binder which is probably still tucked away somewhere in her childhood bedroom, had included hunks such as every member of NKOTB, Saved by the Bell’s Mark-Paul Gosselaar, and Growing Pains Kurt Cameron. How about that—I got a Cameron, I thought. Not a member of Dave’s family tree, as far as I know.
I headed out to the back deck and busied myself with tossing stray beach balls and snorkel masks into the emptied wading pool and laying a couple of wet beach towels over the deck rail to dry.
“So, what’s up?” Mindy asked, closing the sliding glass door behind her and taking a seat at the patio table under the large, red-striped umbrella. She patted the table top. “Sit,” she ordered while bringing a chair over next to her.
I dropped into the chair facing her and stared into her dark eyes for what seemed like forever.
She finally lifted her brows in a question. “Torie, what is it? You look like you’re about to burst into tears. What’s going on?”
I ran my hands over my face and then tucked my hair behind my ears and reached out to clasp her hand in mine.
“I need your help, Mindy. I need to do something and it won’t make a bit of sense to you, but I just need you to agree without question. Do you think that you can do that?”
She put her other hand over the top of mine and I could see that she wanted to start with the questions, but she pressed her lips tightly together and with a deep frown of concern, she nodded her agreement.
I breathed a sigh and pulled her to me for a quick hug before I continued, clasping her hands tightly in mine. “I need you to keep Rose here at night while I spend the nights at my house in Hedrick. I’ll be back each morning and we’ll continue on as we are. How long, I really don’t know, and if you need me to make other arrangements I can try to figure something out.”
“No, you can stay with me for as long as it takes,” she said.
“I love you, Mindy.” I sighed, releasing a deep breath of relief. “Thank you, but that isn’t the only thing. I need you to also cover for me regarding this arrangement with Dave. I’m not asking you to lie exactly, but just help me to keep my nights away from here a secret. I really don’t think that it will be a problem. If he calls me, of course, he won’t have a clue because he’ll be calling my cell.”
“Why can’t he know?” she started and then stopped. “Sorry, no questions. Go ahead.”
“I guess mainly I just want it to be kind of an unknown. If Mike or the boys ask where I am, I suppose that you could just say that Dave and I are spending time together. I really don’t think they’ll ask.”
“No, they’re pretty oblivious to most things unless it involves a sports event or video game,” she said and laughed. Then she ventured hesitantly. “Two questions, will you allow me that?”
I nodded.
“One, when is this going to take effect?”
“Beginning tonight,” I said and could see the surprise in her expression.
“But it’s after eight p.m.”
“I know and I won’t get there until close to ten but that’s okay. The drive isn’t bad.”
“And you’ll be here when Rose wakes up in the morning,” she asked to confirm.
I know that I have no control over that and I also know that it could be mid-afternoon before I get here. “I don’t know for sure. I may be here by mid-morning but it could be later. I’ll call you each morning as soon as I can and tell you my time table, how’s that?” I released her hands and started to rise but she pulled me back down by my arm.
“Question two. This doesn’t involve another man does it? Please Torie, please tell me that it doesn’t!”
“Oh, God, no! Absolutely not! I didn’t think that you would go there. NO, this doesn’t have to do with another man or with affairs or anything sordid like that at all,” I stated emphatically.
She stretched her arms out to give me a warm hug and I accepted it
“Okay, thank goodness. You had better get going and I’ll dig out my baby monitor so that I can keep tabs on Rosie during the night.”
“She’s a pretty sound sleeper so I wouldn’t worry about that,” I said and gave her hand an extra squeeze as I rose to go. “I’ll call you tomorrow morning when I’m on the way back.”

***

“To our sweet Molly, may your coming year be full of only joyful tidings,” a white-haired Great-Grandpa Henry Mills toasted, standing at the head of a large dining room table where I was seated at the opposite end.
I had just arrived at this time warp and I needed to get up to speed quickly because the table full of well-wishers were all looking directly at me. Most of Molly’s siblings, several spouses, and a couple of small children were seated around me.
I’ve actually done it! I’ve arrived at a time warp containing family, I thought excitedly.
The table was decked out with several platters of roasted chicken and bowls heaped full of mashed potatoes and fresh steamed vegetables. It appeared to be mid-day and the windows were open with a slight breeze ruffling the ivory lace of the dining room curtains.
“Hear, hear!” Wyatt added, lifting his long-stemmed crystal glass of red wine and looking at me. “To you, little sister, happy birthday.”
The table of family all raised their glasses of wine in salute and I followed their lead and lifted my glass to clink gently with those closest to me.
“Thank you, Father, Wyatt and all of you,” I said, looking down along the line of family as I continued. “And I want you to know that I cherish each and every one of you.”
As I said it, I honestly meant it with all of my heart. I drank in the faces of the people around me—faces I hadn’t seen for years! It felt like a homecoming. The time since my last visit with them had been too long and if I wasn’t currently playing the part of another person, I would burst into tears of happiness. I was so thankful to have found my way to a gathering of so many loved ones and such a wonderfully pleasant experience.
I took stock of who is present and realized that my grandpa Arlan isn’t here and neither are his brothers, Robert, Allen, or Albert Mills. Great-Grandma Alice is here, as are Grandaunt Lucy and husband Drew, along with their daughter Reva Dion, who looks to be about one-years-old and is seated in a highchair next to Lucy. Wyatt and Jennie are here. Grandaunt Joanna is present and has a thin wedding band on her ring finger, but her first husband William Olson is not at this gathering. At my side is Molly’s husband, a young Jackson Worth, and as I held my left hand in my lap, I felt for and found a wedding band.
All of these details I logged in my head rapidly and came up with a probable timeline of Molly’s birthday on May 14th in the year of 1917. Arlan had left the farm to live in Des Moines by 1917. Albert had left for the war in Europe in late 1916. Great-Grandma Alice had died in 1918 so her being here is another clue. This older version of Alice, as she gave me a warm look of love, filled me with such happiness that I wanted to jump up and wrap her in my arms and hug her tight. I had missed her these years since my last happy travel more than I had even realized until seeing her sweet face at this moment. The other clue about the year was Granduncle Wyatt being at this gathering because I know that he will follow his brother Albert’s lead and leave to join the war in France, sometime in January of 1918. Rounding out the table is my sweet great-great-grandma Rose, and Henry’s brother, the quiet and reserved Peter Mills.
“Mother Wyman, if you would care to say grace,” Henry offered as he took his seat at the head of the table. The table full of family took the hand of each member on their left and right and bowed their heads.
“Heavenly Father,” Rose began and I realized that her voice was much thinner and lighter than I recall from other times spent with her. In 1917 she was still ten years from her passing, but this is the oldest that I have ever experienced her. I listened to her soft and reverent prayer and closed my eyes, committing the sound of her voice to my memory.
“Thank you for the bounty of good food we have to share on this fine day and for the gathering of loved ones that fill this table and our dear Molly whose birth is our reason for celebration. Continue to keep safe and whole, those loved ones who could not be here; our boy Arlan, who could not make the trip home from the city. Robert and Allen, who are off buying stock, bless and keep them. Our dearest Albert we commit to your loving care—wrap him in your arms as he serves our country, far, far away on a distant shore. Bless and keep him safe from harm and be with his wife Sarah as she takes solace in the bosom of her family until his return. Grant a long and comfortable retirement to Henry and Alice in this lovely new home, and many gatherings such as today to fill their lives with memories and joy. Finally, as we begin this growing season, please safeguard and bless our crops, grant our family and our Mahaska County community a bountiful growing season. In Jesus name we pray. Amen,” she finished.
“Amen,” echoed the table and then everyone seemed to begin speaking at once, sharing conversation, passing dishes and platters around the table, as everyone filled their plates and enjoyed the comfort, closeness, and laughter of family.

***

I came awake with a jolt as I fell back into the present from the time warp. I reached over to the side table and my alarm clock. It was blaring and I hit the snooze button and looked at the face: 6 a.m. I groggily pulled back the covers and turned the alarm clock off as I rose. I didn’t awake refreshed today and I know why because as I approach my dresser and take a look at my face I can see a dark bruise. I turned on the overhead light to get a better look at the finger and thumb mark just beneath and on either side of my jaws. Also my face is stinging, the sting of a stubble burn from the violent kiss that I had been subjected to from Jackson Worth. A bad ending to one of my best time travels ever.
I headed out to get some coffee going and went to my computer in the living room and brought up my family tree program. I clicked on Molly Mills Worth’s biography and sat down to type out a story—the story of her wonderful birthday dinner in 1917. The time warp had continued on until I had helped the women folk clear the dishes and we had served up and the entire family had enjoyed some apple pie and fresh homemade vanilla ice-cream in the front room while I had opened my gifts.
I had received a lovely hand embroidered blouse with sprigs of flowers on the collar from Great-Great-Grandma Rose. Great-Grandma Alice (Molly’s mother) had given me a lovely charm bracelet with four charms representing the four gospels of the New Testament. From Joanna I had received a pair of gardening gloves and several linen pouches full of flower bulbs tied up with colorful ribbons and dangling tags that provided the name and contents of each: Cannas, Oxalis and Begonias, among others. Jennie and Wyatt had given me a journal and new fountain pen set. The journal had had an intricately woven silk brocade jacket depicting a path, edged with flowers and leading to an open garden gate, and from Lucy—the novel Anne of Green Gables by L.M. Montgomery. I had been floored to see that it had been an autographed copy and a first edition. I’d nearly let loose a scream of glee at receiving such an old treasure, but had remembered myself just in time.
“Lucy, this is too much!” I’d gushed and stood to cross the room and give her a tight hug.
“Nonsense!” Lucy had said with a laugh, accepting my hug. “I sent away for it months ago. I saw an advertisement in the Des Moines Register and knew that I must have it for you since it has become one of your favorite books. It was part of a huge list of items included in an estate sale and came all the way from Kansas City. I was so surprised when I received word that mine was the only offer to purchase it and it arrived within weeks of my sending off the payment.”
“I will treasure it always,” I had said and placed a kiss upon her cheek.

***

By the time that Jackson and I had bid the family farewell and started for our home in our Model T roadster, it had been nearly nightfall. This had been another big first for me, riding in an old Tin Lizzie. I’d had to again rein in my excitement as Jackson had chivalrously opened the door for me and taken my hand as I’d stepped up into the passenger seat. The interior upholstery had been brown wool seats with a pattern woven in of thin white stripes, and imitation leather had covered the inside side panels of the doors. Jackson had rounded the car and opened the back door to place my presents on the seat and then had climbed in behind the steering wheel. The engine had chugged to life and we’d turned out of the driveway of Great-Grandpa Henry’s ‘in town’ house, heading east and out into Keokuk County.
It hadn’t been more than a couple of minutes and only an eighth of a mile out on the country road—even before we had reached the school house which I had found the remnants of back in 2012, when Jackson had slowed the vehicle. I’d been enjoying the view of newly planted fields and marveling silently at how far I could see out in the distance with no houses and no trees blocking my view, when I’d turned my attention to him, to ask him why we were slowing.
“Jackson?” I’d asked. “What is it?” I hadn’t seen any reason for us to be stopping.
He had begun acting odd then. He had been gripping the steering wheel to the point that his knuckles were white and his rugged face had become a mask of rage as he’d glared over at me.
“Jackpot,” he’d hissed as he’d thrown the stick into neutral and reached for my arm, yanking me over beside him. “We meet again.”
The transformation had been startling. His dark brows were furrowed evilly and his smooth chocolaty-brown hair had fallen over his forehead and into his eyes with his trembling rage. His hand had clutched my face, digging into my jaws and I had been unable to pull away, as he had ground his lips over mine roughly and his tongue had stabbed into my mouth, almost as though a punishment.
I’d known immediately that I had been found again by the traveler and I’d pushed against his chest, trying to wrench my mouth away from his but it had been no use; he had overpowered me easily.
Thank God it had been just at that moment that the time travel had come to an end and I had returned from the past before anything worse had occurred. But I know now that it was nothing more than dumb luck that had saved me and I have no idea why it had ended when it had. I am just thankful—so thankful that it had ended.

***

I typed up the entire story of Molly’s beautiful birthday without including the ending of my time warp. I assume that what would have happened would have likely been a lovely drive to their farm on a warm spring evening. I would have, I should have, been able to get a look at their home, possibly see Molly’s taste in decorating and find out what sort of man Jackson Worth would have been when it was just the two of them. I had gotten the impression that he was a wonderful and loving husband but the experiences had been ripped away from me and I would probably never get back to that time again. I am so angry that this traveler, who seems to be able to control his warp experiences somehow, is continuing to terrorize me and this time he had taken something important—a wonderful time with family.



Chapter 9


Torie

After spending the morning in Des Moines with Rose Lynn, I apologized to Mindy and was embarrassed to do it but I asked for her understanding and for her to take care of Rose for me for the rest of the day because I needed to do some research in Oskaloosa and the library was only open until 4 p.m. She just had given me a hug and told me to go—no questions asked—and told me that she would see me in the morning. What a blessing to have her on my side.
I arrived in Oskaloosa about 1 p.m. and as I signed in on the spiral tablet at the front entrance of the Keo-Mah Genealogical Society, I braced for my performance with Margaret Sweeney because I knew that she would be her same cheerful, inquisitive self but I was not in the mood.
“Welcome, Torie, so happy to see you!” she said, rising from the front desk to greet me. “John is at the Wyman house in Fremont—he has a group of sixth-graders coming for a tour this afternoon.”
“Margaret, it’s nice to see you. I was just thinking of spending some time in your microfilm library. I’m pondering a new story idea and you know me, always looking for new inspiration.” I smiled and tried to make it look sincere.
“Well, you go right ahead and you let me know if you need anything at all. I’ll be right here if you have questions. I’ve received a lot of requests for information lately from people wanting to know about the towns of Agency and Craton. It continues to amaze me, the amount of folks who always reference Where Evil Lived. Even after more than two years it’s still drawing folks from all over the country to get a look at the places that you talked about in the story.”
“I hope that isn’t a bad thing,” I said and wasn’t really sure if she considered it as such.
“Heavens no, Torie! The number of new members for the newsletter alone has made the earnings goals for the society for the entire year and it’s only April. It’s a blessing—don’t you ever think otherwise,” she said, giving me a hug.
“Thank you, Margaret. I’ll let you get back to it.”

***

I walked into the microfilm room which is lined with heavy fireproof cabinets containing a century and a half of newspaper reels along one wall. The other walls being floor to ceiling shelves full of census record books and obituary clippings that fill shelf upon shelf. There are family histories provided by different researchers and many books written by the Keo-Mah members as well. Four rectangular, beige Formica tables had been combined to form a large work table at the center of the room and I dropped my purse on the floor and took a seat at one of the tables. Zipping open my computer bag, I pulled out my laptop, logging on to my family tree program.
Even though I was in a library full of every kind of genealogy and history book you could imagine, I still felt as if I was totally without any resources. None of the books or century’s worth of microfilm around me held the answers to make sense out of my life. None could help me to figure out how to bring my shattered family back together and make us whole again.
I had so many questions and no answers. Why and how had I found the wonderful birthday dinner warp last night? Why had I been attacked by my young husband on the way home? Who had inhabited Jackson Worth and why had the warp ended at that point? I don’t know who the traveler was who had assaulted me, but I felt sure that Jackson—who was, by all accounts a sweet and loving man—had been taken over by the same traveler who had assaulted me when I had been Rachel Dunn. I kept thinking that it might all be related to the first assault I had experienced as a young farmwife named Mary. Had Mary actually been attacked so viciously by her own husband or was the entire experience that same time traveler hijacking history?
My plan at first was to simply spend the afternoon going through the oldest reels of microfilm and albums of documents for both Oskaloosa and the Fremont area, just skimming randomly. I didn’t have an exact agenda and I wasn’t looking for anything in particular but was hoping that possibly something would present itself related to the experience I had lived as a woman named Mary back in old Fremont.
I really didn’t have much faith that it would even be possible. The time of the warp had seemed to be early, maybe as early as 1840, and there were no local newspapers back then. Still, I gave it a good effort until my eyes started to cross. The combination of the tiny print and the poor quality of the early documents made it just impossible to read through them for any length of time. After an hour or so I had to give up on that quest and turned my attention to something less tedious.
In the last Keo-Mah newsletter, it was mentioned that they had received in, another of the missing years of the Fremont Gazette, for the decade of the 1890’s—the entire year of 1898. It turned out that one of the new owners of an old building in the historic downtown district of Oskaloosa had come across a forgotten stash of the newspapers, carefully preserved in bindery albums and up in an attic room. Of course, it had seemed an obvious decision to give them to the local genealogical experts just down the road at Keo-Mah. With the windfall of the Wyman house and other funding coming their way from many sources, the expensive process of converting the newspapers to microfilm had been completed in record time and they’d been added to the library for all to enjoy.
I was scanning through one of those new reels of microfilm, slowly cranking the pages through the reader, letting my eyes catch on the main headlines and stories. The headline for Thursday, August 11, 1898 didn’t interest me, but a small story about halfway down the page caught my eye and caused me to suck in my breath and say out loud softly, “Holy shit!”


Search Called off for the Missing Smith Girls

The search for eight-year-old Coyle and little six-year-old Lindy Smith, daughters of John and Mary Smith, sadly, came to an end on Monday. Both girls have been missing for more than two weeks and the many searchers and hunting dogs who combed miles of fields and creek-beds, failed to locate any trace of the children. The parents are continuing the search, however it is feared that the girls may have met with foul-play at the hands of a vagrant drifter, some accident, or possibly made their way to the swollen and fast moving south Skunk River just northeast of town. It is not believed that the girls would have run away from home.


That was it. Just one paragraph about the girls that I had dreamed about the night before we had left for our wedding celebration in Las Vegas, nearly four years ago. It had been a time warp! I searched the previous two weeks and the following week and several weeks afterward but found no other mention of the girls.
I jumped up from my seat and grabbed a book of maps for Iowa from a shelf, sitting back down at the table and quickly looking up the Skunk River. The south branch runs just northeast of Fremont. If the family had lived near the river, it was a lot of area to consider. I was thinking that maybe I could locate the farm from the warp but it was an ancient farm and almost totally deteriorated at the time that I had been there which I now know had been in 1898. That was over a hundred years ago. It would be impossible. Even if I were to find remnants of a farmstead, there were many abandoned farms throughout the county and it was unlikely that I would be able to find the right one.
I pondered my remembering of that experience. I could recall thinking at the time that it reminded me of a memory involving my family. For some reason, during the warp I had said to the girl Coyle, something about wild pigs and there had been a time in my childhood when I had been with my family in the Fremont area visiting and I can remember us going to an old farm. I remember that my dad had been upset that it was so deteriorated because it had been a place that he had spent time at when he was young. After we had looked around for a short time I can remember my dad saying that we needed to go because there could be wild pigs. Was I combining the two experiences? It was sometime in the early 1980’s when my dad had taken us to that farm because I was about five-years-old. It must have been a different farm and the similarities are getting jumbled in my head.
I turned my attention back to my computer and started a new family tree, beginning with John and Mary Smith and working my way forward in time to see what clues I could come up with regarding their family and where they had lived. The girls had been six and eight, meaning that Coyle would have been born around 1890. The majority of the U.S. Federal census records for the year of 1890 no longer exist. They were destroyed by fire in the basement of the Commerce Building in Washington, D.C., back in 1921. The girls might be on the 1895 Iowa census, though. With the unusual name of Coyle and a little luck, maybe I could find the Smith family in Fremont on that census—I could only hope.
This had the potential to be a very scary endeavor. If I did find them on the 1895 Iowa census it would likely provide me with their post office or township and get me even closer to locating them. What if I found the farm from my dream and the rotted wooden planks which I know that they fell through? Had they fallen into an old coal mine shaft? An abandoned water well? An old well would be most likely and what if I did find the farm and the well, what then?
I can already imagine the repercussions from calling the authorities and requesting that they investigate an abandoned well, where they would just happen to find at the bottom, the remains of two little girls and a burlap bag full of small kittens. I can envision the media feeding frenzy already. It would start all over again, just like when Where Evil Lived was published. The calls from more people convinced that I have special powers or am a physic. Those rumors had calmed down some over the last year or so but something like this would be the absolute end of my life as I know it—no way would I chance that. The poor little girls have been gone and forgotten for more than a hundred and eighteen years. What does it matter at this late date? But at the edge of my mind, a tiny whisper of conscience said to me slyly, But what if they still have family who might care?
My search for the Smith family proved to be over almost as quickly as it had begun. The family was not in the 1895 Iowa census records so I had to assume that they had come to Iowa after 1895 and in looking at the 1880 and also the 1900 U.S. census records, the number of couples with the common names of John and Mary Smith, possibly the most common names on planet Earth, were over a thousand and that was simply looking in Iowa and surrounding states.
So, now not only do I have my original mystery of a young settler named Mary, with pretty features, a rustic homestead, and a handsome young husband who had become an animal and raped her (or me) violently—now another mystery.
My life is spiraling out of control and fractured almost beyond recognition, and instead of finding some way to get my real life back, here I am, continuing to head even deeper into the past. It seems as if it is sucking me in, inch by inch. I can feel the attachment to all of my family and the Fremont of old, possessing my mind. I can feel the pull of Lucinda and Coyle, the pull of the young woman Mary, and the pull of my obsession with time traveling. It is once more consuming my nights—and now my days.
I quickly wiped at the tears that had sprung up in my eyes and spilled over, ducking my head and grabbing my bag up off of the floor as though engrossed with something contained inside it, as Margaret entered the room with an armful of books to file away. While she hummed an unrecognizable tune and strolled along the shelves replacing books, I tried to get ahold of my emotions but I was quickly approaching near panic mode. I am totally alone in the world with this. What the hell am I going to do?
I feel that telling Dave isn’t an option—period. If he knew what was happening to me in my time warps now and what had happened to me as Mary, it would only make matters much worse. Dave is a fixer; he is the strongest and most self-assured man that I have ever met, but this is not something that he can fix.
The fear that I felt when Dave was trapped back in 1959 and which I feel in my gut now when I remember my rape as the unknown Mary—that fear is spilling over into the real world now. I’m not imagining the injuries that I received as Mary or those I have received since I have determined to stay in my house at Hedrick and warp. They are all painfully real and unexplainable and dangerous and now I have my child’s well-being to consider—my child; who has apparently inherited the time warp gene from Dave and me and is a genetic anomaly, just like her parents. But Rose Lynn is just a toddler; she is helpless and innocent and will be completely on her own in her warps. How am I possibly going to protect her when I have no more control over my warps than she does?
Even as I decided to let it all go and forget the discovery of the girls, I was already planning a telephone call to my dad. I will ask him about the hazy memory from my childhood, of the abandoned farmhouse and dilapidated old barn that we visited back when I was young. The chances are a million to one that it will be the same farm or even in the same general area, but I have decided to put my faith in my gut feeling and see what will be.
I packed up my things, bid Margaret good-bye, and made the drive into Fremont and on through to my house in Hedrick. I stopped at the corner to be sure that the coast was clear of reporters before heading down my street, and then used my remote to open the garage, grabbed my mail out of the box, and pulled into the garage closing the door immediately after me.
“Safe and sound,” I said aloud in relief.
I scanned the mail as I entered the house. I had a couple of hand written letters from unknown return addresses. They were addressed to Torie Mills—never a good sign. Someone writing to my pen name meant that it was probably book related. I set my purse and the mail on the counter of the kitchen island, leaving the letters unopened. I felt sure that they were from people wanting me to either comment on Thompson or wanting my assistance with some horror (slash) mystery that they are hoping I can solve for them and I don’t want to deal with anything but my own current horror story. I grabbed a diet pop out of the fridge and considered the wall clock for a moment as I opened a spiral notepad and found a pen to take down some notes. It would be 4 p.m. in Florida. I just might catch my dad at home.



Chapter 10


Torie

“Hi Dad, it’s Torie.”
“Well hello, honey! How are you?”
“Doing fine. Do you have a minute to talk?”
“Of course, Sandy is out at the store. What’s up? I heard that you’re getting some press from that bastard Thompson finally dying.”
“Yeah, it’s been pretty rough, but we’ll ride it out. The press will move on at some point,” I said with confidence.
“How are Dave and Rose Lynn? Doing okay?”
“Sure, everyone’s fine and Rose is growing like a weed. She knows her ABCs,” I offered lamely, trying to think of some way to get on to my subject without being too abrupt, when Dad handled it for me.
“Good. Sorry to go on. What is it that you want to talk about, honey?” he asked.
“Dad,” I began. “I want to ask you about something which will seem a little odd and obscure. I’m hoping that you can remember it.”
“I’ll sure try,” he said.
“When I was little, probably shortly before you and Mom divorced, our family went to Fremont for a visit. You took us out on a gravel road to show us a farm that was old and abandoned. It was a place which seemed to have been very important to you. Maybe a place you had been to when you were young?”
“Sure, that was Allen Mills’ farm. It was north of Fremont. We stopped there before heading out for Des Moines at the end of the Mills family reunion weekend. The reunion actually was held at the large Friends Park in Oskaloosa. Do you remember that, Torie? You were only about five-years-old. You can’t remember that,” he said decidedly.
“I do,” I confirmed. “I also remember the reunion. Grandaunt Lucy’s son Brian Mars was there and he took a liking to me for some reason. I think it was because his disfigurement and his raspy voice didn’t scare me.”
Brian Mars had endured a terrible cancer surgery back in the 1940’s. In addition to losing a portion of the left side of his jaw, part of his tongue, and all of his teeth, he had lost his larynx and I remember that he’d had a white scarf that he wore over his throat to hide the tracheostomy hole in his neck. His voice had been a hoarse metallic whispery sound and it had seemed that it had been very difficult for him to speak.
For some reason, I had crawled up onto his lap and had talked to him for hours. I had told him about my hamster and my dog and I had asked him about his family and had listened patiently as he had seemed to need to take in large breaths of air to produce speech.
When I had started my genealogy research and found his place in my tree, I had determined that he would have been sixty-two at that 1981 family reunion. Throughout my time with him that day, every person who had passed by us as we had sat in a folding chair under a shade tree, he had stopped, and told them to give me a quarter because I was so cute. Later that same day he and I had walked around the park holding hands as he had continued to hit up every person of the hundred plus in attendance.
By the end of that afternoon I’d had both of the front pockets of my little blue jeans overflowing with quarters. It is one of a handful of my childhood memories that are so special to me that I have kept it with me my entire life.
Brian Mars died in 1993 and is buried in Glendale Cemetery in Des Moines with his wife and son. That time spent with him and the connection that we had shared had made me feel so special that day. I’m not sure if he had remembered the occurrence throughout the remainder of his life, but I would like to think that he had and that the precocious little girl I had been had brought some happiness to him that day.
“Those were both during the same trip to Fremont? I could have sworn those were different trips,” I said to my dad in surprise.
“Nope, it was the same weekend. Saturday we were at the reunion and then before we left for Des Moines on Sunday, we stopped at Allen’s old farm to take a look around.”
“North of Fremont—but where north of Fremont?”
“Northeast. You and Dave’s house sits on Miles, north of the cemetery, right?”
“Yeah,” I said.
“Well, Allen’s place was just two blocks north on Miles and then a block east.”
“You mean country blocks? Two miles north and a mile east?”
“Yep,” he confirmed. “Allen lived there when I was a kid and I would spend weekends sometimes. He retired from the farm and moved to Ottumwa,” he paused, thinking. “It must have been the early fifties. Then, of course, he moved out west to California after the murders. His son Ron, Cindy’s father, moved out there as well.”
“Yeah, I did some looking when I wrote the book about the murders and it seems that the last of Allen’s family is out of Iowa.”
“Why the curiosities about Allen’s farm all of the sudden? If you’re thinking about another story, you may want to steer clear of anything that will add to…” he paused, sounding uncertain of how to continue.
“The craziness?” I offered and Dad chuckled.
“I think it could be more of the same,” he said.
“No, Dad, I’m not planning to do anything with the information. I just had the memory in the back of my mind but couldn’t quite place it. Since I live in Fremont, I thought that I would see if you remembered. I just wanted to see if I could find the farm. I was going to ask Margo and Sarah but thought that I would give you a call first.”
“You have an amazing head for detail, Torie. You must get it from your old man,” he said with a chuckle.
I heard something in the background and then I could hear Sandy’s voice. “Robert, would you help me with the bags?”
“Sandy, Torie’s on the phone.”
“Hey, Dad, it’s okay. I really don’t want to take any more of your time. Go ahead and help Sandy. I’ll talk to you again soon.”
“Okay, honey. Glad you called. I love you.”
“I love you too, Dad. Give Sandy my love.”
As I hung up the phone and started to look over my notes regarding the location of the farm, I was already planning a trip to the Fremont Clerk of Court’s office in the morning. If only I could find the deed, abstract—something for Allen’s farm. I really wasn’t sure but felt that the clerk’s office should be my starting place.
My dad was born in 1940, so assuming that he spent time there—from possibly 1945 and up to maybe 1952 or 1953—that narrowed the window down considerably regarding when Allen would have purchased the place. Of course, the chances are still very slim that Allen’s farm has anything to do with my dream about the girls but I am going to pursue it until it plays out.
One thing already is more certain. The newspaper story had stated that the Smith farm had been northeast of Fremont. Allen’s farm had been northeast of Fremont. It is probably no more than a huge coincidence—or just possibly the first piece of the puzzle falling into place.



Chapter 11


Dave

I awoke from my time warp with a deep breath and jerked to a sitting position. “Oh shit!” I hissed. “What the hell was that?”
I looked at the digital radio alarm. “Damn it!” I barked aloud. “Two hours late for work again!”
I am working on a project alone and no one will know a thing about my tardiness, but it still pisses me off. I yanked the covers off of myself and headed to the bathroom. As I climbed into the shower and the warmth of the water started to bring me to life, my mind went back to the time warp I had just lived through. It had been a tough one again—very painful and it had drug on for hours.
I now had a passing thought that I could head to Oskaloosa tomorrow to try and research something in the microfilmed newspapers about it, but I know it would probably be no use. Unless I was to stumble onto something about the accident, I would never know who I had been or when and where it had happened. That didn’t really matter so much though. What is bothering me—is the warp itself and the difference of this warp, from any others that I have experienced before…
The warp had begun at a car that had been parked near a road and was under a large old oak tree. I had arrived at the warp just as the man I had inhabited was preparing to crank the rod to start the car—an old Model T. 
I’ve gotten to be pretty proficient at starting old cars, combines, and tractors. I know how to stoke an old gravity furnace, empty the drip tray under old-fashioned ice boxes and fix all kinds of old farm machinery. I have been at this warp game long enough to have experienced most everything about daily living and farming in Iowa from the 1840’s and up to and including a warp that had occurred as late as 1960—just thirteen years before I was born. That had been an interesting experience. I had been at a high school football game with a group of Cameron cousins on a Friday night in Oskaloosa and it had been uneventful but was one of the few enjoyable warps that I have experienced lately.
This warp last night though had gone from mundane to horrific in an instant. Turning the crank of the Ford Model T was something that I am very comfortable with. In fact, arriving while getting ready to do just that, was the perfect place to jump into the situation, because it gave me time to get my bearings. It’s always much more difficult to arrive in the middle of a social situation where immediate interaction with people is required. Using the task of cranking the engine had given me time to figure the warp out.
A woman, probably in her mid-thirties with a fancy bonnet of cornflower-blue silk that matched her long ankle length dress beneath a knee length winter coat, had been walking across a yard toward me and a boy of about seven had been standing on his knees in the driver’s seat of the car, watching my progress. The weather had been cold and frost had sparkled in the morning sunlight on the yard full of dead-looking, dormant, brown grass. I’d noticed the chill against my exposed skin and that I was wearing a heavy brown wool coat myself. The farmhouse out in the distance had appeared to be well-maintained and across the drive and to the north of me, had been a stand of several old pine trees that had formed a wind break. If I’d had to guess now, I would say that we were probably on our way to visit with family or maybe we were going to church or in to town for a day of shopping, considering that we were all in our Sunday best clothes.
This is going to be a tough one, I had thought to myself because I was obviously going to need to drive and I’d had no idea where we were located. Someplace rural, that was all that I could say for sure and I had known immediately that it was going to be bad because I was likely going to have us driving aimlessly around the countryside until I could find out enough information to determine where we were going and how to get there. I could have almost guaranteed that ‘my wife’ would have, at the very least, been totally exasperated with me before the end of the warp and at most, she might have very well been ready for a divorce by the time that she was finished dealing with me.
After I’d primed the engine, I had automatically went to the driver’s side to turn the key on, adjust the throttle and I’d leaned across the young boy as I had double checked the brake to be sure that it was set.
“Sit down,” I’d ordered firmly. The boy had promptly obeyed and plopped down onto the seat as I had gone back out to crank the engine and turn it over.
Leaving the door ajar while I had returned to the front of the car, I had used my left hand to grab the crank and avoid the kickback that I had learned could occur. I had learned it the hard way during a warp many months ago, when I had been a teenager and had ended up with a busted arm. The engine had done just that, kicked back and because I had been using my right hand, the handle had snapped my forearm like a twig.
So using my left hand I had grabbed the crank and with a rapid flip, had put all of my weight behind it and the engine had sputtered and turned over. But then without warning, the vehicle had bucked and surged forward, giving me only enough time to place my hand on the front grill as I had tried to stop the forward momentum.
Then it had been just a haze of searing pain as the car had come to a stop against the large sturdy oak tree. I had been pinned against the tree by the grill and the front axle. Both legs had been nearly severed, about an inch above my knees and my body, up to about my diaphragm, had been crushed. The front wheels had been set just far enough apart that they had straddled the tree. The only thing that had saved me from being cut in half completely had been the placement of the fenders that were set over and just inside the wheels enough to catch the tree on both sides and stop the car. The fenders had been crumpled like tinfoil and were imbedded in the unyielding trunk.
The woman had run the rest of the way toward me and was screaming, “Ted! Ted!” The boy had been crying and standing beside me holding his mouth which was bleeding, probably from the impact of the collision.
“Ted, what should I do?” the woman had cried.
“Help me,” I’d ordered as I had tried to push the car back enough to release me.
She had also tried frantically. She had put her back against the tree beside me and had pushed with all of her might as I had but I hadn’t had much power. I hadn’t been able to hardly feel my feet but I had felt the chill of the blood cooling in the crisp winter air as it had run down my legs.
“You’re going to need to call for help,” I’d said softly and leaned forward to hold onto the front grill and rest my forehead against my arms for a moment. I’d gasped for air and lifted my head to look into her terror-filled eyes.
“Hurry!”
I hadn’t known if we’d had a telephone, if we’d had any farmhands or even if we’d had neighbors close by. I’d found out pretty quickly when she had given my cheek a kiss, told the boy to stay with me and then had run along the drive and out onto the gravel road.
The minutes had ticked by and I had been able to feel my heart beginning to beat erratically. I’d been light-headed and dizzy and it would have been so easy to just black out but I had still needed to consider the mental state of the small boy beside me as he had clutched at the tail of my coat and buried his face in the coarse brown wool fabric.
“Father, I’m sorry. I’m sorry,” he had sobbed. “My foot bumped the brake.”
I had reached out to place my right hand on his brown tousled curls as I had croaked weakly, “Son, I love you. I know you didn’t mean to do this.”
Then I had laid my head against the cool metal of the grill, panting heavily. My breathing had been so labored that I had been sure that I had bled out at least a few pints of blood by the puddle that I had seen spreading out on the frozen ground below me and I had assumed that most of the major arteries of my legs had been severed. I hadn’t been able to feel the cooling blood on my legs by that time—I hadn’t felt anything below my knees, and the only reason that I had remained upright at all, had been that the car and the tree had been holding me in that position.
God, please help me, I had pleaded silently in my mind. Release me from this hell. This had become my regular plea during my warps that had gone so very wrong. I was always hoping that if this time traveling business had something to do with the afterlife, if God was somehow involved in this gift or curse that I live each night in my dreams, that maybe he had the power to hear my prayer and help me. It never worked but I continued to try different things in an attempt to bring the warps to an end sooner rather than later when they were so horribly painful.
The time had continued to crawl by and all I had been able to do was wait and watch as choppy breaths had huffed from my restricted lungs, causing a fog as my warm breath had met the cold air. My mind had been just as foggy and I’d felt sure that I was going into shock. I had shivered uncontrollably and my teeth had chattered together sharply while I’d been only able to mumble incoherent words to the young boy, whose voice had seemed to be cutting in and out as I had slipped closer and closer to unconsciousness.
Then, groggily I had opened my eyes when the little boy had stopped his crying and was, all at once, sitting up on the fender beside me, slapping my cheek roughly. How he had climbed up, I don’t know but then he had grasped me by my hair and lifted my head until he had been looking into my eyes.
What he had said to me next came back to me all at once now as I stood in the shower and rinsed the shampoo from my hair. I turned off the water as I reached for a towel and paused as I remembered that it had been so shocking to hear the threat coming directly at me and from over a hundred years ago.
“Your wife will pay, Cameron,” the boy had spat and had leered with an evil expression that I hadn’t been able to fathom seeing on such an innocent child’s face. A questioning thought had dawned on me in that final moment of contact—Thompson?



Chapter 12


Torie

Battered and bruised from another nightly time warp when I had again stayed alone in my house in Hedrick and had been accosted by an unknown man, I painfully dragged myself out of bed, tossed myself together, and trudged on. I was on the road and driving to Des Moines at 5 a.m. to spend some quality time with Rose Lynn but as it turned out I’d only stayed until she had gone to sleep for a morning nap. I had apologized again profusely to Mindy for leaving so early in the day but she had told me to do what I needed to do. I don’t think that she was fooled for one minute because if the black circles I had tried, and failed to cover up with makeup hadn’t given her a good idea that I was having some kind of major crisis, then the tears I had left in, no doubt had. I had just hugged her tight and told her that I would see her in the morning and had rushed out. I was in a hurry to get back to Oskaloosa so that I would have a few hours to make another manic pilgrimage to Keo-Mah.
Last night’s warp had been at another farmstead setting. It had probably been quite common for women to be left home alone while their men spent most days out in the fields. In this case I had arrived as my husband and his apparent hired hand were on their way to care for their crops. I had been standing beside a wagon, holding a large wicker basket and my hand had been lifted and in the act of waving. I had returned a call of farewell as they had started away and I’d been very thankful that they were leaving. I preferred being alone to having interactions with any men in the past. It was always dangerous for me to be with men.
As I’d had that basket in hand, it’d been clear to me that I’d been on the way to the hen house. Taking care of the hens and collecting eggs was a chore that usually fell to the farmwife or children. That I’d been alone had made me fairly confident that I could enjoy the warp experience in peace, until for some unknown reason, that farmhand was back.
I believe he’d possibly been sent back for some forgotten tool or something but I don’t know because I hadn’t had a chance to even ask. I’d had no time to do anything but think about surviving when he’d slammed through the door and filled the small dusty henhouse with his presence. I have become very familiar with the crazed beast that had been glaring at me through the eyes of a man who had previously been a benign non-descript looking farm worker. I’d had no doubt that the worker had been taken over by the traveler who always seems to actually be after me personally. How he always seems to warp in and turn a situation to suit his purposes is amazing.
The good news is that although he had put a few new bruises on me including a nasty scratch down my arm from his nails that I’d received as I’d fought him off, I had been able to disable the man and get away. I’d been able to hide from him in a small outbuilding and beneath a pile of loose hay until the warp had ended and I had arrived back home.
Getting away, I hope, will begin to be more possible as I progress in these experiments. Perhaps I can’t predict what I will arrive in the middle of or have any way of getting back out, but I had been able to evade him last night. It is doable. I am hoping that these occurrences of arriving in isolation will happen less often and that I will be luckier in my future attempts. Not happening much so far, but it has only been a few days now.
I need to somehow, some way, find warps such as church services, Fremont Days, the night at the gazebo; any situation that has many people around. Whether this will even be possible at all is, as of yet, unknown. However, I steadfastly believe that the way to do this is to immerse myself in the past and warp experiences, in order to begin to understand how they work. Back in 2012 I had felt as if I’d had a handle on it, until we had stumbled upon Thompson, and Dave had gotten stuck in 1959. I need to now work on achieving that comfort and understanding again, like when I had first started this weird time-travel odyssey.
My biggest success at escaping danger until last night had been earlier in the week. I had been at an old Fremont Days in the early forties and a carnie had grabbed me as I had been walking alone near some carnival tents. Within just one minute of the unknown man approaching me and hustling me down between two tents and toward a more secluded area behind the attractions, I had been joined by several men who had walked up to us and had made small talk with me. The man had released me and headed off and several of the men had followed him. The result of that warp had only been a hand mark shaped bruise around my upper left arm.
Of those who had come to my rescue, the only one that I had recognized had been Linden Aldridge, a relative of Edith Brooks and whose photograph I had seen during one of the lunches that I had shared with her at her home. The others had been a few of his friends, I assume. I’d had the feeling that it had been completely choreographed. I hadn’t felt that it was a random occurrence at all. I believe that possibly Linden and the others had actually been inhabited by time travelers and it seems to me now as if they had been coming to my rescue intentionally; maybe not my rescue, but the woman’s rescue. They had definitely been after that carnie.

***

I pulled into the parking lot of Keo-Mah and taking up all of my research materials, headed inside. I felt a bit more confident today regarding my quest, this time armed with the knowledge that I had gained at the clerk’s office in Fremont earlier in the week, regarding the tract of land, originally plotted in 1853 and purchased by Allen Mills in 1904. Linda Mills, being my cousin and the Clerk of Court, had helped immensely. I had given her a call and she’d had everything waiting for me when I had arrived.
I had hunkered down at a desk behind the main counter of the clerk’s office and had spent a couple of hours with the assessor’s records and original abstracts. Granduncle Allen’s farm had been an abandoned plot of land that had been left idle since the 1870’s before being deeded to him. There had been mention of the property having no active well at the time when he had purchased it. Allen had razed the buildings and built himself a new farmstead including a new water well.
The previous owners of his land were unimportant—however, the farm just to the south of Allen’s had been deeded to a John and Mary Smith in 1897, whose previous address had been rural Missouri. This explained why they hadn’t been on those 1895 Iowa census records. They had sold their Fremont farm and moved away in November of 1898, just months after their daughters had disappeared.
My plan for today is to look at the large books full of plat maps which the society has in a special room, just down the hall from the microfilm library. The room has large open shelves where the mammoth books are housed. I know that both farms were adjacent to each other and in Cedar Township. I have my digital camera in hand and my plan is to take pictures of the maps, then with those plus the legal description of Allen’s farm that I took from the abstract at the clerk’s office, it will just be a matter of uploading and printing off all of the images from my camera and driving to the old homestead of Allen Mills. It should be a piece of cake; that is if any trace of his old farm still remains. My hope is to pin down where the original abandoned well had been. My hunch is getting stronger and I now believe that Allen Mills’ farm is where the girls disappeared back in 1898.

***

As I entered the microfilm room I saw that there was one other visitor and he was seated catty-corner from me. He didn’t look up as I came in because he seemed to be engrossed in a book laid before him on the table. He was an older man, with snow-white hair that was receded at the temples. He wore thick, wire-rimmed glasses and was dressed in a forest-green button down shirt. I had never seen him before, but then again I haven’t spent a lot of time here at Keo-Mah in recent years.
I took a seat, getting myself situated as I opened my bag and pulled out all of the necessities for conducting my investigation. I opened my laptop and logged on to my family tree program but I could feel the weight of eyes on me as I stared numbly at my computer screen waiting for my login to go through and my tree to open up. I glanced over to find that the man was watching me and I became self-conscious under his steady regard and looked back to my computer.
“You won’t find it in there,” he said quietly.
“Excuse me?” I asked.
“The battle must be won there, not here,” he said.
“Who are you, if I could ask? Do I know you?”
“You know me, Torie, and I know you.”
“I’m sorry but I’m afraid that I don’t. Could I have your name?” Even as I asked, I was very leery of knowing.
“My name is Ray Taylor. I live in Fremont. We should talk—but not here.”
“Why not here? What do we need to talk about?” I snapped, more clipped than was polite, but I was getting irritated by this cryptic conversation.
He closed his book and rose from his seat revealing a once tall frame, now stooped over from age or illness. He moved across the room to place the book on its shelf with a nimble gait that I wouldn’t have expected. He took a light-weight tan jacket off of the back of his chair and slipped it on, adjusting the collar as he walked around the table to my side and paused.
“It’s a wonderful April we are having, Mrs. Cameron. The cemetery is green and the flowers are blooming. Meet me tomorrow at Cedar Township Cemetery at two o’clock,” he said, walking out of the room before I could say anything further. I heard the storm door latch behind him and he was gone.
I peeked out to the front room and Margaret looked up at me.
“Did you need something, dear?”
“Margaret, that man who just left, Ray Taylor, do you know him?”
“Of course, his family is very deeply entrenched in Fremont and Mahaska County.”
“Is he a Benjamin Taylor descendent?” I asked.
“Yes, I believe that Benjamin and Maria were his grandparents a few generations back.”
“Thank you,” I said with a nod and returned to the microfilm room and my family tree program. The census documents online should give me some answers as to his exact line of descent. The 1940 census would likely have him referenced and so I got to work, piecing his line together within my family tree. Being descended from Benjamin Taylor and Maria Cameron Taylor would mean that he is related by blood and a very distant cousin to Dave.
I found Ray Taylor on the 1940 census; he was a four-year-old with an approximate birth year of 1936 which would make him close to eighty now. After I finished working on Dave’s branches of the tree and the Ray Taylor link, I spent the rest of the afternoon working on my obsession—‘the well’—and more importantly the plat maps for Cedar Township and Mahaska County and the farms that I am now determined to find.



Chapter 13


Torie

When I pulled into the cemetery and parked along the drive, I immediately saw Ray Taylor perched atop the modest headstone of my great-great-grandfather Francis Mills and his son, Peter. He watched me as I parked behind his vehicle and got out of my car. He didn’t move but instead waited on me to join him along the row of my departed loved ones.
“I’m glad that you decided to come, Mrs. Cameron. I have been waiting for this meeting anxiously.” He rose and approached on bowed legs but with a sure gait. He extended his hand toward me and I took it in a firm shake as if full of confidence, which I’m not because, in truth, I feel small and weak and forlorn. I noticed that the skin of his hand was paper thin and darkly veined, but his fingers were thick and rough and strong. He put his other hand over the top of mine and patted it gently before releasing me.
“Don’t worry, we’re gonna get this finished, once and for all,” he said with a crooked smile, looking into my eyes from beneath his bushy white brows.
“Mr. Taylor,” I began self-consciously. “You’re going to need to do better than that. I don’t understand what you’re talking about. You seem to think I have a clue but I honestly don’t.”
“You’ve started traveling again, haven’t you?” His watery hazel eyes rimmed with a dark band of brown held mine.
“Yes,” I whispered. “How did you…”
“It’s different this time though, isn’t it, Torie?”
I nodded as tears came to my eyes and I wiped at the corners with my fingertips. “Yes...” I couldn’t finish my sentence.
“It’s Thompson. You do know that, don’t you? He’s the one who is terrorizing you.”
I was in such shock. I’d had my suspicions but the man had never identified himself as Thompson. How could Ray Taylor know so much and be so certain? I wondered silently.
He laughed softly at my open-mouthed surprise. “I’ve traveled my whole life, sweetie. Just like you—living on the edge of both worlds. Everything shifted about the time that you arrived. That’s how I knew that something was coming.”
“What was coming?”
“Mark Thompson, dear woman. The scourge of your family which has become the bane of all of the families involved. All of Fremont is touched by his evil. It was inevitable that he would die soon. Now that he has, his disease is infecting us all.”
“So it’s Thompson who keeps attacking me? But I don’t understand how he can manipulate history like that,” I said softly, more to myself than to him.
“Not manipulating history, just hijacking it in a very temporary way. Those who are inhabited know nothing of the happenings. Sometimes people who are sensitive to it can sense something unexplainable.”
“Whispers or a flutter?” I asked.
Ray regarded me thoughtfully. “Yes, sometimes I’ve heard it described in that way and very often as a tremor. See, you know more than you even realize. If you look at the history books for Fremont, Torie—search the archives of those who have gone before and you will find little hints that are veiled to most. Look into the history of Fremont and you will also find that no evil ever inhabited our town. It’s never been a perfect society—what society of man is—but mostly the course of time has been kind to Fremont and the proud, decent families who began the community back in 1840 and continue on, even today. But Thompson—he’s tied to Fremont by your bloodline and by his family which he butchered. He was bitterly jealous of their gift. I’m certain that’s why he killed them.”
“Their gift? You mean they did travel? You know that for sure?”
“Yes, Cindy and Suzanna, Timothy and then Ricky began…” he shrugged.
“When Dave met with Thompson before my book Where Evil Lived was published, he accused Dave of being ‘one of them’. He alluded to some things, talked about his wife and kids as being secretive. He even said something to Dave about when they traveled how he used to abuse them while they were gone. Dave didn’t let on but it was obvious that Thompson knew all about the travels.”
“Thompson was obsessed with the travels. Cindy’s father and even my father had conversations with her when it became obvious that she was in danger. But Cindy was one of those women that seemed unable to leave a marriage, bad as it became. Her family was against the marriage from the beginning. Mark not being a traveler—a mixed marriage like that was bound to fail, but you know young love. Cindy was determined to have him. What the situation became—no one could have predicted that it would go that far. Her family tried desperately to convince her to leave when Suzanna was born and they both began to travel. Cindy was so emotionally and mentally beaten down by then…” he paused and shook his head. “Reading the description of abuse that you documented regarding Tim in your book—that was when I knew that you were telling the truth and probably had stumbled onto the family in a travel. Tim inheriting the gift and then Ricky—it was the last straw for Thompson.”
“But if Thompson was jealous of Cindy and the kids, if he wasn’t a traveler, then how is he traveling now? It doesn’t make sense. He was a traveler after all?”
“Somehow Thompson changed the rules. He spent more than two-thirds of his life contemplating the travels in his lonely prison cell, obsessing over them, and we believe that he now has somehow infiltrated the travels—punched a hole right through—and has somehow become trapped in the plane between life and death and he is using it to terrorize. Now we must deal with him, once and for all.”
“We? As in me also? I have no expertise in anything related to these experiences. What can I do?”
“You ever done a tree on Mark Thompson’s line?” he asked, changing the subject without answering my questions.
“No, I had planned at some point to chart the spouses of family but haven’t done anything yet.”
“I have and you should. You will find some interesting things when you do,” he said and nodded solemnly.
“I could do that, I suppose…” I offered.
“You ever read the bible, Mrs. Cameron?” he interrupted abruptly.
“I haven’t, I must confess.”
“Ecclesiastes 1:9—‘What has been will be again, what has been done will be done again; there is nothing new under the sun.’ Thompson’s line is very telling of that truth.”
He coughed and covered his mouth as he took a seat on a nearby bench positioned beneath the cemetery archway and pulled a handkerchief from his jacket pocket, wiping across his papery thin lips.
“I’m fighting a cold,” he said.
I took a seat beside him and waited for him to continue.
“The travels are such a blessing,” he said reverently. “I hope that you realize that, Torie. To be one of those to inherit the gift is a wondrous treasure.”
“Yes, both Dave and I loved the time that we spent.”
“Nothing like it. For me, being an old man and with worldly aches and pains, the travels are where I prefer to be, nowadays. To be young and strong—to be in love and passionate again, to be productive in daily tasks, are all blessings that I cherish in my dreams,” he smiled at me and patted my hand, which rested on the bench between us.
“So there are other travelers like you, Ray? Or like us, I guess I should say?”
“Of course—more than you might imagine, more every day. I spend time at the genealogical society in Oskie and eventually they all end up there, just like you—studying stories of the past, looking up records. Most people would never suspect who they are. Maybe just folks very interested in family history and genealogy or just maybe—travelers. There have been some orphans like you over the years—more in recent times. As families spread out over the country, often family members without the gift then have children who have the gift and are unaware of its existence. Just like you and your husband. By chance or circumstances you were not with elders who could mentor you.”
I wanted to ask him who else might be travelers locally, but I didn’t really want to know. I was trying to keep my head, but my excitement about what this man might know and hope that he might actually be able to help me was building.
“Ray, why? Why the travels? Why Fremont? Why is Thompson so important?”
Ray came to his feet and looked down at me before indicating the cemetery with a wide sweep of his arm. “Fremont isn’t an island unto itself. Travelers are everywhere in this world, Torie. Entire industries are built around family history and genealogy—such as the Mormon’s database in Utah, Familysearch.org, Ancestry.com; so many others, which are for genealogy buffs but also, a complex network of resources that travelers use.”
“I’ve used all of those for my own research,” I marveled.
Ray smiled with a nod before continuing. “For Fremont though, those who travel guard their secret and enjoy their gift quietly. When you arrived, I didn’t know more than just an old settler family member had moved into the ancient Wyman homestead. After you moved out to the McFall place and then when you wrote Where Evil Lived is when I figured out the rest.”
“Is it because I wrote the book that this is happening now?”
“This has to do with Thompson. His existence has been a scourge on Fremont for more than sixty years. It’s time to send him to hell where he belongs.”
“How can that be done?” I gazed up to him wonderingly and he took a seat at my side again as he spoke.
“The travels have become very active since Thompson died. Those who are travelers are becoming organized and chasing Thompson through time. I’ve had a couple of run-ins with him myself. One occurred at a stock sale in 1940. He was a middle-aged man and I was a young boy of about fourteen. I was working on sorting cattle and he accosted me. He probably would have beaten the living daylights out of me, but luckily others arrived who surrounded and restrained him.”
“What did they do to him?” I asked.
“They did nothing but kept him restrained and within a very short time Thompson left his host and it was over.”
“So the key is to keep him…”
“It was only a temporary shift,” Ray interrupted as his eyes held mine. “He moved on to another. He moved on to Isaac Morten. The young husband of a woman named Mary.”
I didn’t need to know what had happened after that. I have vivid memories of that occurrence.
“Morten!” I said, shocked. “I’ve been trying to find out who she was and what her last name had been.”
Ray patted my hand knowingly. “Thompson shifted and escaped. Another traveler arrived in Isaac at the point that it had stopped for you,” he said quietly. I could tell by his expression that he understood what had occurred in my time warp at the secluded, rustic homestead.
He lifted the sleeve of his jacket and revealed a large bruise on his left forearm. “He only got me one other time, just the other day. He won’t again,” he said with determination, almost as though he had control over his time warp destiny. He gestured beside us with a hand, toward the line of Mills headstones.
“It isn’t even your Mills line that is the key,” he said. “It’s Rose Simpson Wyman, your great-great-grandmother. Her father was Richard Simpson and his father was Abram Simpson. Do you have this line documented?”
He looked sidelong at me and I nodded.
“We’ll talk about that in time, but for now you need to spend some time with me and I need to teach you about the travels. Until you understand, you are going to be at the mercy of Thompson and as you know, he has no mercy.”
“Yes, but we also don’t have any choice about who we are in warps or when we come and go. It’s random.”
“Warps?” he questioned.
“That’s what Dave and I call them,” I said with a laugh. “Like the television show Star Trek, you know?”
Ray laughed in amusement before continuing. “No—not random, but if you were to continue traveling or warping, as you say, and were at the mercy of the travels,” he paused shaking his head. “To be continually traveling without understanding could be very dangerous to the sanity of even the strongest person. You can come and go in the travels and avoid or leave those that are painful or dangerous. It’s a matter of choice. You just need to be taught and the sooner the better. Like I said before, you’re an orphan, Torie, for lack of a better term. You have no travelers in your recent family history and because of that you had no one to teach you. Same appears to be true of Dave.”
“Oh, my God, I can’t believe it. You can teach me?” I asked in awe and he nodded with certainty. “The travels have controlled us for so many years now, Ray. They’ve nearly destroyed our lives.”
“You have a disadvantage that most travelers never experience because you’ve had no one to mentor you. We’ll get into all the background and I’ll teach you.”
“Well, we can’t meet in the cemetery every day. My daughter has been staying in Des Moines with a friend and I’ve been trying to figure out the travels on my own by staying alone in Hedrick.”
“How about we meet at my house for some lessons over the next couple of weeks? Once you understand about the travels, you won’t be afraid to stay in your home anymore. You won’t fear them and you can start to be in control.”
It sounded like an impossible dream, but the confidence in his voice as he spoke provided me with something I needed desperately, a glimmer of hope. His knowledge seemed so unwavering that it gave me more—a moment of serenity. I felt like I could take a deep breath for the first time in years.
“Ray, if I could be back in Fremont and live with my family, well, I would do pretty much anything to make that a reality,”
As we rose, he took a folded piece of paper from his pocket and handed it to me.
“My address—could we meet tomorrow at about noon?”
I thought about Rosie and how neglectful of her I have been lately. Meeting with him at that time of day would mean that I would spend hardly any time with her again tomorrow. He sensed my hesitation.
“It could be as early as a matter of weeks and you could be back in your own home down the road and be in control of your life, have your family back, and have the travels,” he said confidently.
“I’ll be there at twelve o’clock sharp, Ray.”
I reached out to shake his hand and he took my hand and patted it gently, tucking it into the crook of his arm and we walked together to his old red pickup truck parked in front of my vehicle.
“Until tomorrow,” he nodded and pulled his door open.
I stood for a minute as I watched him move slowly around the U shaped drive and turn onto the gravel before I climbed into my SUV. I almost decided to head up the road to Dave’s house but I knew that he would likely be at work and if he were home, he would just have questions for me. He would want an explanation for why I am here. Instead, I turned south out of the cemetery and headed back to Des Moines to have dinner and some evening time with Rose. As I drove, I dreamed up a lie to tell Mindy, regarding my need to be out of town for the next few days while I meet and study with Ray.



Chapter 14


Torie
Training, Day 1

I closed my car door and opened the slip of paper, checking the house number one more time. This is it. I tucked the paper into my jeans pocket and pulled my hair out of the collar of my spring jacket, leaving it unzipped over my navy tee.
The small, well-kept white vinyl-sided house in the center of the town of Fremont wasn’t what I was expecting. I don’t know why exactly, but I was thinking someplace spooky or dramatic would be where this wise old time traveler called home. I actually think that I was expecting weird lawn ornaments, maybe a black cat or two lounging in the trees. What I found was Ray Taylor, sitting on a swing on the small porch that skirted the front of the house. He raised a hand and waved.
“Torie, right on time,” he greeted me.
“Hello, Ray,” I said as I climbed the steps and Ray rose from his swing, waiting on me to join him.
“Are you ready for your initiation into your heritage?”
“As ready as I’ll ever be,” I said and shrugged. “I’m putting all of my faith in you and hoping that you can help me to get my life back.”
“Not just me. You aren’t alone in this, honey. Come on.”
He opened the screen door and ushered me in ahead of him. I paused on entering the small front foyer—not even a foyer really, just a well-worn vinyl landing with a small coat closet—at the threshold of the living room. The furnishings of the living room were sparse—a dark-brown leather sofa and chair, a couple of tables, and an old analogue TV. I admired a family portrait in a vintage frame on the wall next to a coat closet.
“That there is my grandfather John Taylor and my grandmother Helen and their children,” he pointed to a young teen wearing wire-rimmed glasses and his dark hair slicked back. “That’s my dad, Raymond Taylor, Senior. Traveler, traveler, traveler, traveler, traveler,” he said pointing to his dad, both grandparents and two of his father’s siblings. “Our family has farmed west of here for a hundred years. I gave the farm to my son and then my late wife, Violet, and I moved in to town. It’s been about twenty years ago now. Let’s go into the kitchen. I have some coffee on,” he said dismissing the photo.
I followed him through a modest dining room and on into the light and airy kitchen. It had a table nestled against the far wall where blue gingham curtains covered a set of windows. The table was cluttered with papers and large spiral tablets. Ray motioned to a kitchen counter.
“Coffee?”
“Love some,” I said.

***

“Now then,” Ray began as we both settled with our coffee at the kitchen table, sitting across from each other. He took up a large bound spiral notebook and flipped to the first page of what appeared to be glossy prints of original oil paintings. He turned the book and held it before him so that it was facing me. “What do you see?”
It was just a painting of a room. There were a couple of people in old clothing, representing another century, obviously, and a table with a vase of white Peonies. A few of the petals from the flowers were lying on the shiny walnut surface of the table. A window was curtained in lavender lace and the sunshine peeking through, was causing a pattern of spots to fall across the table and the oak hardwood floor. I described all of this to him and added, “It’s a very nice painting.”
“To most, that’s all that they would see,” Ray said and nodded in agreement to my description of what I saw. “This is a print of an original painting by Estelle Barons.”
I know of Estelle Barons. She is an internationally famous artist and illustrator who had been born in Fremont but who had moved to Florida for her retirement years ago. She still comes back for reunions and occasionally for Fremont Days.
“She captured the time travel experience perfectly. Of course, being a traveler herself...”
“What!” I sputtered.
Ray chuckled warmly and shook the tablet, pulling my attention back to it. “You are missing the point of the painting, Torie. Look closer and tell me what you see.”
I studied it and even took it from his hands and held it at arm’s length out in front of me. “Is it one of those optical illusions? Am I supposed to see unicorns or something if I unfocus my eyes?” I asked. I just wasn’t seeing anything—I felt like an idiot. I even crossed my eyes and tried to see if anything presented itself.
Ray laughed as he guided the tablet out of my hands and again, placed it onto the table before me. He reached out and pointed at the painting which was upside down, from his perspective. I still didn’t see what he was showing me. He pointed to a glare just to the side of the flower vase. His finger moved next to what looked like a shiny flaw on the edge of the window ledge. On the wall behind a woman seated on the sofa, Ray pointed to three more shiny, almost translucent spots as he spoke. “Think of this drawing as yourself looking at a time travel. You are in the travel and are looking at the room around you.”
“Okay, yes,” I nodded. “I can see that it could be my perspective if I was in the room and looking at the room.”
“Each of these points,” Ray said. “Here on the arm of the sofa, on the flower blossom there,” he continued to point out more and more oddities that I had overlooked. “Every one of these spots is a point of exit from the experience. They represent portals or lanes to different travels or back to where you came from. The path back to the future,” he said and pointed to the window ledge highlight which had a slight difference, almost a mist or bluish glow. “Easy to spot once you understand.”
He flipped the book page to the next painting. This one was of a scene near a lake, with women in puffy-sleeved blouses and straw hats, with long pink-striped and pleated skirts, holding fancy parasols. They stood watching several people in boats out on the smooth tranquil water, on a sunny day.
“Again, tell me what you see.” He waved over the painting with his weathered hand, but didn’t give any hints.
I studied it for what seemed like forever and finally I just took a stab at it and started pointing to anything that seemed off.
He waited until I was finished and then he took the tablet and surveyed the places I had pointed out before he placed it back before me again.
“That’s just a duck landing on the water,” he said pointing to one of my guesses. “The spot near the dock is a portal and you got that, but what about this?” he questioned, pointing to a glare at the base of a tree. “What about that?” He pointed to a light spot near the water’s edge that seemed to have a misty yellow quality to it. He pointed out a dozen more places I hadn’t noticed and he trashed most of my dumb guesses.
“Wow, I’m not very good at this, huh?” I observed with a laugh.
“The only way to truly learn is during the travels but with these,” he pointed to the stack of tablets. “And Estelle’s wonderful way of capturing what it looks like from the inside, you can begin to understand the way you navigate. What I’m going to do first is to give you these to take with you and I want you to go page by page and really study them. I want you to write down each portal you find and tomorrow we’ll go through each picture. Consider these exercises for your mind. Once you start to see them without being shown, you’re half way there.”
“What’s the other half?” I wondered aloud.
“When you’re confident and have the time to immerse yourself in the experience and find those points of access, it’s simple. But when you are new and nervous, it can be impossible to find your way out. If you lose focus, just like those pictures of unicorns that you mentioned, you can’t see the portals. Then all you can do is be an unwilling participant in the waiting game. Wait for the episode to come to its natural conclusion and try to fit in until it does.”
I was very familiar with that concept. Neither Dave nor I had ever been more than helpless prisoners during our warps.
“Ray, can I ask you some other things regarding the travels?”
“Of course—anything.”
“Why didn’t this happen at all while I was growing up and living in Des Moines? Why only when I moved to Fremont? It was immediate for me, the very night I moved into Rose’s house—why? And does the rest of my family or any of Dave’s family have this ability?”
“I would venture to guess that you are the only member of your immediate family to have the gift. Because of that fact, Des Moines was definitely not a depot for you. That’s what we call them. The towns and cities are the depots. The family homes of any cluster of travelers are platforms. Just as if you were standing at a train station, waiting for the train to arrive. But it doesn’t pertain to any certain place. It can be wherever travelers gather and live together. Sort of like strength in numbers. Where travelers congregate a new depot and platform will be established. The fact that you have only had travels after moving to Fremont, tells me that your grandfather Arlan was not a traveler, and that his children, your dad and his siblings are not travelers either. Neither was your mother or your siblings. I suppose the same could be true of Dave’s direct line. Likely none of his immediate family are or were travelers and the homestead that has been in the McFall family for centuries, although in Fremont, only became a depot and platform when you moved in. Then again it could have been a platform but out of use for so long that it closed up until you moved in with Dave and re-opened it with the cluster effect.”
“Ray, that makes sense because both Dave and I traveled in his house just over a year ago. We have stayed separate since then to prevent it. Another thing that I just recently realized is that I had a time travel at his house before we left for our wedding reception in Las Vegas in 2012. I just found the story about the experience in the Fremont Gazette a few days ago. I believe that Dave’s great-great-grandfather William may have been a traveler, possibly his son Jacob also, and several others in his family who lived in Illinois. I found some old letters that talked about a gift and about phantom whispers. I also found similar references in my family’s documents.”
“There ya go. Likely those you mentioned may have been the last travelers in Dave’s line, but you and Dave being a cluster of travelers have reopened that platform. Dave’s house is now an access point for the travels. Then again, maybe Dave had been traveling even before you came into his life but without any others to teach him, he may have just considered them dreams. As for why you travelled so quickly when you moved into the Wyman house, I think it speaks to the strength of your gift, but then again, it isn’t an exact science, Torie, and we travelers don’t have all of the answers. But we don’t need all of the answers, we know enough.”
I thought about Dave and his first time warp experience at the gazebo. When he’d woke up, he hadn’t even been going to mention a thing about it—he had assumed that it had just been a dream. That fact made me think that Ray could be right about him warping before he met me and not realizing.
“Ray, tell me this. How can I determine who was or is a traveler?”
“Who is a traveler—not possible. You really will never know unless they decide to reveal to you. It’s a secret that most hold above all others and they keep it and take it with them to their graves. Myself and Estelle Barons came together to help orphans like you because in this day and age, with parents and grandparents going to retirement villages or nursing homes instead of staying integrated in family homes, the loss of platforms and the incidences of orphans is more and more likely. You are my twenty-third student in the last forty years—most of them have come to me in just the last fifteen years. It continues to escalate.”
“That doesn’t sound like many,” I observed.
“This is one tiny speck on a huge planet, Torie. Most travelers are taught by their families and quietly go about their lives. Think of the numbers of orphans if you consider it on a global scale. But as to who was a traveler? Those in the past can sense travelers from the future. I have much documented evidence of this—subtle clues. You will find that certain people are almost kindred spirits. Some people will be present over and over…”
“Lucy!” I broke in. “Rose, Wyatt, Alice, and Henry.”
Ray was smiling as it dawned on me. “Perhaps, but it’s impossible to say for sure. I would guess that many of those from the Mills and Wyman families were travelers. Not your grandpa Arlan’s direct line, but others in his family—yes.”
“And my daughter Rose Lynn, she’s traveled also,” I whispered in horror.
“Here now, none of that! Get that fear out of your eyes, Torie. It’s a gift, not a curse, and you will be able to teach your little girl and any of your other offspring that turn out to be travelers. You must teach them how to travel and nurture their gift. You teach them early and it will be a lifelong treasure that they will cherish and enjoy.”
“If she is subjected to painful experiences…” I paused, thinking of what I had lived as the woman named Mary and other scary warps I have endured recently. “And those I inhabit, doesn’t it alter their lives when these things happen differently than they originally occurred?”
“No, you aren’t changing history. As far as they know, their lives go on, on their exact course. Any person, traveler or not, who is in tune may feel or sense like a tremor as travelers pass through but that is really the only indicator. Most have no clue,” he shrugged. “Just as you haven’t. You being a traveler, you have never sensed anything? Have you ever felt a sense of déjà vu or a flutter of your stomach like nervousness for no reason, maybe a chill or goose bumps when you don’t seem to be cold? Those could be travelers passing by.”
“Occupying me?” I asked in surprise, placing my hand over my chest.
“No, just brushing past on their way to inhabit others who have passed on, maybe someone in an experience with you.”
I tried to think over my lifetime and I know that I’d probably felt those sensations but couldn’t remember any instances of when, just now. If I’d had those signs, I hadn’t thought anything of them when they had happened.
“If this gift has been in my family for generations, I don’t understand how knowledge of it could have been lost so quickly,” I pondered aloud.
“Easier than you might think. If you think about the gigantic pyramids of Egypt and the fact that they just discovered more, as late as 2008, or what about King Tut’s tomb which was rediscovered in the early twentieth century? There are a number of lost cities in Italy which have been unearthed. The Mayan temples,” he added. “Many people have wondered how on earth those could have been lost to the world and are still being rediscovered even today.”
“That’s true,” I said and nodded.
“There’s this TV show, Torie” Ray continued. “It’s about genealogy where celebrities discover that they are descended from royalty and more.”
“Who Do You Think You Are? I love that show!” I said.
“How could those families have lost that knowledge do you think? I’m sure that many of their ancestors knew about the famous and important people in their past and over the generations it simply slipped away.”
“It fades into the past when people stop passing it down to the next generation,” I guessed. “Like the letters I found. The references from the nineteen hundreds about whispers had disappeared completely by the early twentieth century.”
“The thief of time can steal away much,” Ray agreed. “But to your other comment about fearing that your daughter may experience painful travels—YOU are in control of your own travels, Torie. I don’t believe that you understand that at all. There is no reason to experience anything painful or frightening because you can move on and leave those times behind. That’s why understanding and learning is so important for you and your family. Understanding is key to your family’s well-being and success,” Ray said reassuringly.
“If I can’t get a handle on it, then how will I be able to help them or avoid Thompson when I travel?”
“This thing with Thompson—he is only in the Fremont community and surrounding areas and we’ll get it finished and he’ll be sent to hell where he belongs. Until we get that accomplished—to avoid him—I think you need to do your training and conduct your studies away from Fremont. Go to some of the other depots for your Wyman or Simpson lines in Ohio or, maybe even those of your mother’s family. Just because your mother wasn’t a traveler doesn’t mean that she didn’t have family who traveled. Being a traveler isn’t exclusive to your Fremont family. Any depot and platform across this globe can be an access point for you, as long as there is family who are or were travelers.”
“Unfortunately I’m not close with my mother’s family—no closer than I am to my dad’s side. I couldn’t very well just pop in for a visit with my distant Wyman or Simpson cousins in Ohio or those of my mom’s family who live in western Iowa at New Market and say, ‘You don’t know me but I’m your cousin so can I spend a few nights at your house to see if this town is a time travel depot and your house is a platform?’ They would probably call the authorities,” I said with a laugh.
“So you have no relatives that you’re close to in any of your family lines?” Ray asked in amazement.
I shook my head and smiled with embarrassment. “Classic orphan, huh?”
“Classic,” he agreed.
My head was swimming. Okay, so Des Moines is not a depot but then why is Hedrick? I voiced this to Ray and he had a ready answer.
“I think it’s safe to say that it’s the cluster effect. Your daughter coming into her own as a traveler has created a new depot in Hedrick and that house has now become a platform for you both to access the travels.”
“It just doesn’t add up to me, Ray,” I said. “Dave and I lived together until Rose’s birth and then it wasn’t until she was over a year old that the travels started again. That’s when I moved to Hedrick—to stop them.”
“If you think it through, Torie, you’ll probably be able to figure it out. I know for certain that you wouldn’t have traveled when you were expecting or with a newborn. I’ve read about it in some of the old journals of my ancestors and in my own experience with my family, and among all travelers it is now common knowledge that the travels stop sometime during the first trimester of pregnancy. It’s a natural part of the process and the travels stop for entire family clusters. Of course, centuries ago, to those involved, it was a devastating catastrophe. The biggest fear being that they had all lost their gift. But it comes back, usually within a year or two of the child’s birth. You uprooting your family and moving to Hedrick was just a temporary stop in the travels. Rose Lynn coming into her own created a new cluster. And also it takes time for a depot to establish and a platform to open. If you and Rose Lynn stay together in your current residence in Des Moines, I guarantee you that it will become a depot and platform eventually. Remember, wherever travelers gather together, a depot and platform will open for that cluster.”
“Do you think so, even with us staying with my friend Mindy’s family, who are likely not travelers? Mindy stayed at my house in Fremont once for an overnight visit and I didn’t travel. I figured it was because she wasn’t a traveler so it stopped the experiences.”
“It does stop the travels briefly if a non-traveler is at an established platform, but they’ll start up again if the contact continues for an extended period of time,” Ray paused, thinking, and then pointed to me. “Consider yourself, Torie, a lone traveler raised in a non-platform location with non-travelers and you had no travels. But now you have a child who is a traveler and if you and she stay in any one place for a time and together, you and Rose will travel, whether you are in Des Moines, New York City or Timbuktu—it will happen again,” he assured.
“It makes me wonder about Dave, Ray. He’s living in our house alone and has been for over a year and yet he says he hasn’t had any warps,”
Ray broke out in chuckles. “Warps,” he repeated shaking his head. “I love that term.”
“I really felt like some kind of galactic voyager in the beginning and still do at times,” I confessed. “But Ray, Dave tells me that he hasn’t been traveling and yet Fremont is a depot and his house is a platform. I wonder if he’s been traveling and just not telling me, or have the travels stopped there?”
“I suppose you’ll need to ask Dave, sweetie, but maybe he hasn’t been traveling. I don’t have all of the answers and this thing with Thompson has punched holes through everything we believed about the time warps,” he said with a wink. “We had no idea that he could do what he’s been doing. I wish that I had all of the answers, Torie. I really wish that I did.”
“Well, I can’t go traveling around the country. How could I explain that to Dave—and Rose—I can’t leave her indefinitely while I’m running around training. But if I stay with her, we’ll start traveling,” I rubbed my aching temples. “This is getting so complicated.”
“Torie, it’ll be just a couple of trips, a couple of weeks, so that you can get the understanding of the travels down. You need to be able to have peace in your time travel, to be able to be immersed in it,” he pointed to the tablet of training materials on the table between us. “To be able to see and to travel the different lanes. If you stay in Hedrick, then you need to use that platform to travel outside of the Fremont area in order to avoid Thompson and I don’t know that you have the expertise needed to direct the travels in that manner, especially with the pressure of Thompson coming after you.”
“No I’ll continue to stay in Hedrick at night. If I can avoid Thompson and find family then I’ll be fine,” I assured him.
Ray studied the bruise on the back of his forearm and ran a finger across it as he spoke. “But if you come across him it can damn sure hurt,” he said quietly. “Those traveling to the past, just like they came to my aid at the stock sale, they are doing their best to protect fellow travelers and keep Thompson from doing any harm. Many have had run-ins with him—he’s clever and he’s elusive. Just consider a few days away to train in the calm of your family without Thompson putting pressure on you. Maybe make a call to someone still living in—where was it? New Market?”
“Yes, but I just couldn’t do that, Ray. They don’t know me from Adam.” I shook my head decidedly.
“You might be surprised to find that your extended family is just as alone as you seem to be, honey,” he reached over and patted my hand. “You need to also include Dave in this. He should be training with us right now. You’ll be stronger with him in the travels with you and it isn’t something that’s going away, Torie. This is a heritage that will stretch out before you for generations. The greatest gift, now and for your family when you pass from this world, is the travels. Those phantom whispers you mentioned,” he said and winked.
“I don’t want to burden Dave with this now because we’ve been through so much but I’ll tell him once I’m trained. If I’m trained, then I can help him, right? And after he’s trained we’ll be strong enough to help Rose Lynn.”
“You could be the beginning of a strong cluster for your family’s future,” he agreed with a nod.
“I had best be heading out. I’ll see you tomorrow and I hope to have these figured out,” I said patting the stack of homework as I rose from my seat and took up the load of tablets.
Ray walked me to the door and stood on his front porch watching as I climbed into my truck and I waved goodbye to him. As I turned the key and started to back out of the drive, my phone rang. I sent it to voicemail so that I could get on the road and sound unruffled when I call Dave back.

***

I had already covered myself with Mindy for the next few days, by telling her that I would be gone attending meetings in Davenport, Iowa regarding an upcoming book event for my children’s book Rosebuds Bows. I’d felt so guilty when I had kissed Rose Lynn goodbye this morning after seeing her for only a couple of hours. Rose though, had innocently, blissfully dashed off to work on a wooden puzzle with Luke in the family room and had seemed perfectly contented. As I had watched her hurry on her way, I’d felt like the worst specimen of a mother but had reminded myself that if I can get a handle on this time travel business, then I can be a huge help to Dave and Rose Lynn.
My original plan regarding the next few days had been to stay in the house at Hedrick and continue trying to figure out these warps and develop some kind of defense against the attacks that I have been experiencing from whom—I now know with certainty—is Thompson. However, now that I have studies to complete, I feel that I need to be in a non-platform location.
I ended up stopping in the town of Pella and getting a room for the night at the Baymont Inn, then I went through the drive-thru at McDonald’s and grabbed some dinner and a bit later was sitting at the table in my comfortable suite, with a cheeseburger, fries and diet pop, at hand.
I spread out my tablets on the table before me and started with the first of the five books of paintings. The books and pages had been numbered, so I added a header on the first page of a fresh tablet of paper, ready to jot down my answers, and began.



Chapter 15

Torie

The tall grass was full of butterflies and puffs of dandelion seeds which took flight, floating breezily across the field before us and the birds were singing their early morning songs. I felt a tug at my hand as Rose Lynn stopped to pick a dandelion and she blew against the cottony top, adding more tiny seeds to swirl in the light breeze.
“Watch, Mommy,” she said as she bent to pick another.
“Rosie, come on, sweetie. You’re going to get your hands all dirty,” I said.
She immediately dropped the dandelion and then looked at her hand.
“It’s okay, Mommy,” she assured me and lifted her hand to show me that her palm was clean. She brushed her hand across the skirt of her bright lime-green sundress where some of the seeds had landed, brushing them into the air.
We started off again, hand in hand and we were weaving in and around the headstones of Cedar Township Cemetery and I wondered silently why the cemetery had been allowed to be so overgrown because it is normally kept in manicured perfection. I decided that I might stop and speak with Linda Mills on the way through town to let her know that someone wasn’t keeping up on the lawn care.
I knew where we were headed. We were going toward the McFall family plot and I kept the large monument for Samuel McFall as a beacon to guide me on my way, as we approached. I noticed that I had a bouquet of artificial flowers in the crook of my right arm and I didn’t know who they were for but I had fear prickle the hairs at the nape of my neck as we continued on. Rose let go of my hand as we came closer and she ran ahead of me. Her auburn hair was fluttering out behind her and it struck me as odd, just how long it had grown and how agile her body and movements had become. When had she gotten so big without my noticing?
I didn’t rush after her but followed her unhurriedly because she also seemed to know exactly where she was headed. She waited for me then, just to the left of her fourth-great-grandfather Samuel McFall’s monument and was standing with her hand on a modern sienna brown marble headstone placed just beside his. It was taller than her but she stepped up onto the base and leaned to hug the headstone as if greeting a person. My heart started racing as I got close enough to read the stone face ‘David Samuel Cameron’ and below ‘born December 31, 1973’. Rose moved along the front edge of the base, blocking the date of death with the skirt of her dress and I tried desperately to see around her but I couldn’t.
“Rose Lynn, move,” I ordered sternly as I stepped up my pace but she wouldn’t get out of the way. I hurried the last few steps forward to reach the stone but then it seemed that the scene telescoped and I was moving in place. I couldn’t reach the headstone, no matter how quickly I walked.
“Rose Lynn, get down from there!” I shouted and she seemed not to hear me or was ignoring me as a windblown storm of dandelion puffs rushed before me. As Rose finally obeyed and jumped to the grass beside the marker, the cottony parachutes began to land on the stone, obscuring the writing. I fell to my knees and left the flowers behind, crawling the last few feet to crouch before the monument but the breeze increased and the storm of dandelions became a blizzard of cold wind-driven snow that plastered against the front of the marker. I used my hands as I frantically tried to clear the date of death so that I could see it. The more effort I put at clearing the stone, the faster it was covered by sparkling crystals of ice and snow. My fingers began to freeze up and burn from the cold as I scooped. With every handful I removed, the snow continued to fill in as quickly as I was able to clear it.
The ground began to move violently beneath my knees and I looked down to see that I was actually kneeling in slick mud. My jeans were coated in heavy, black Iowa soil and I lost my balance and fell onto my stomach before the headstone, sobbing brokenly.
“Mommy,” Rose cried. “What’s wrong, Mommy.”
I looked up to her, where she stood beside me and the sunlight was glinting off of her radiant hair. The icy muck and mud that I was floundering in was not affecting Rose. I attempted to rise again and the black earth I was immersed in began to move beneath me and the ground began to open up. I clawed with my hands, struggling to reach the grass and pull myself up but then my hands grasped only clods of dirt which fell into the hole beneath me. I frantically called out Rose’s name as I lost my grip on the side of the hole and my last sight was of Rose Lynn standing beside Dave’s snow-covered headstone. My last thought was, I don’t want to leave her alone here, but I felt powerless to resist the sucking black void.



Chapter 16


Dave

I awoke to the sound of the phone, ringing incessantly and when I sat up and grabbed for it off of the nightstand, I winced as a moan involuntarily escaped from me. I looked down at my body and saw blood seeping from a slash across the entire width of my right thigh. The warp that I’d just returned from had been another painful encounter. It had involved a crazed man with a sickle and a remote Iowa field of winter wheat. We had been working at harvesting the ripened bounty and it had all turned to shit when the man I’d been working with had been inhabited by a traveler and had attacked me.
We had battled, sickle against sickle like gladiators or swordsman of another era. I had managed to lay his right forearm open and had given him a gash across his stomach before he had caused the injury to my thigh and had used the handle of his sickle to sweep my legs out from under me. He had been standing over me, ready to deliver the death blow which would have likely severed my head, when I’d warped out.
I grabbed up a discarded tee shirt from the floor beside my bed and pressed it against my thigh as I answered the telephone.
“Dave?”
It was Torie and she was obviously upset. I could tell that she was struggling to control her voice.
“Torie?” I huffed out as naturally as I could manage; hoping that I sounded as if drowsy and was not letting the pain I was in, color my tone.
“Hi,” she began with an exhale of breath followed by a big sob.
“Torie, what’s wrong?” I peered at my alarm clock. “It’s 4 a.m. Why are you up? Why are you crying?”
“Oh God, Dave!” she choked out. “Dave…”
“Torie, Jesus! Calm down, sweetheart.”
“Dave, I dreamed that you were dead. I was at the cemetery with Rose but she was older than she is now,” she sobbed. “I couldn’t see your date of death and there was so much snow and then I fell into the grave…”
“Torie, it was just a bad dream,” I tried to reassure her. At the same time that I was talking her down from her panic, I was trying to temper my own and heading down the hall to the bathroom. I grabbed a washcloth from the rack and wet it down, using it to replace the tee shirt and holding it against the gushing wound along the width of my thigh.
“Yes, just a dream,” she finally agreed with a hiccupping little breath as she got ahold of her emotions.
I however, was not getting the blood to stop oozing from my leg. Every time I removed the cloth it started seeping again. I was going to need to keep pressure on it and worry later about cleaning up the blood that had soaked into the leg of my boxer briefs and was also running down my calf.
“Can you get back to sleep for a while? I could come to Des Moines later if you need me,” I offered.
“No, I don’t want you to do that. I’ll be fine. It was just a bad dream,” she whispered again.
“I could be there in a couple of hours if you need me,” I offered.
“No, I’m okay. I love you, Dave,” she whispered. “I’m sorry I woke you up.”
“I was getting up in another hour anyway, honey. Don’t worry about it. You can call me anytime you need me. You know that, don’t you?”
“Yeah,” she said and sighed. “I’ll let you go and talk to you later today.”
“Okay, I love you, Torie,” I finished. “Bye.”
I hung up the phone and then spent the pre-dawn hours cleaning up the blood from my body, the drips, which had covered the bathroom counter and floor, and finally my bedsheets. The slash that I had received was superficial upon closer inspection and had not gone deeper than the top few layers of skin. After I had taken care of cleaning the cut, I logged onto my computer and then I spent the next hour writing the story of another painful encounter with a dangerous stranger whose identity I had a strengthening suspicion about (impossible as it seemed). A stranger who had seemed to have known exactly who I was.



Chapter 17


Torie
Training, Day 2
11 a.m.

Ray Taylor was hunched over the keyboard of his desktop computer as we waited for his family tree program to load. We had just finished the two tablets of study materials that I had worked on last night. Ray had hoped that I would have gotten through more and I could tell that he was disappointed in me as a student, but I had done as much as possible before I had fallen asleep with my pen still in my hand.
The nightmare I had experienced hadn’t helped matters either. Staying at the hotel in Pella had stopped the time warps, but then the nightmare about the cemetery and Dave’s headstone had shaken me badly. So much so that I had made a pre-dawn phone call to him, bawling like a baby. The nightmare had seemed so real and terrifying, so much so, that the cemetery scene had seemed every bit as real as a time warp. I was still having trouble convincing myself that it was just my fears getting the best of me and not some kind of weird premonition. Whatever it had been—it had frightened me terribly, just the same.
As Ray now brought up a tree of Mark Thompson’s genealogy, he brought me back from my thoughts when he started asking me questions about my family.
“Torie, your great-great grandmother Rose Simpson Wyman, her father was?” he asked in his class is now in session voice.
“Her father was Richard Simpson.”
Ray nodded. “Richard Simpson died and left a widow and twelve children in Ohio. Do you have the details of his death?” he asked.
“Yes. He was a merchant in Springfield and owned a general store. He was robbed and killed in his store in broad daylight. They caught the killer and he was hanged for the crime. He was a drifter named Oliver Barlow.”
“Correct—and Richard Simpson’s father was?” he prodded as he seemed to be looking for something or someone on Thompson’s tree. His curser was clicking along the generations until he landed on the name Oliver Barlow and he paused.
I gasped in surprise but Ray didn’t give me a chance to ask any questions. He raised a finger as if to tell me to just hold on. He was obviously building to something here.
“Richard Simpson’s father was?” he repeated slowly.
“Abram Simpson,” I said and began reciting the details that I could recall off of the top of my head. “He was in the Revolutionary War. He fought in a New Hampshire company. He lost a leg at Bunker Hill. He and his family continued to live in New Hampshire after the war before finally settling in Clark County, Ohio. I received my Daughters of the American Revolution certification for his service.”
“Yes. And how did he lose his leg?” Ray questioned, smiling softly.
“The DAR provided me with a copy of the hand written documents regarding his injury which he wrote at the time that he had applied for a pension from the government for his service, but the writing is so poor and tiny that I’ve never read the contents.”
Ray let his curser hover over Oliver Barlow’s father’s link as he spoke.
“Abram Simpson was injured by a musket ball at close range and by bayonet in hand to hand combat on the battlefield. The man responsible was a British sympathizer. His name…” he said as he clicked on the tree, advancing to the next generation, to Oliver’s father. “Was Reagan Barlow and he was killed before he could finish Abram off. Barlow left behind a young widow and one small son in New Hampshire named Oliver.”
“That’s an amazing and strange coincidence that two of my ancestors were injured or killed by Thompson’s relatives,” I observed. “I can’t believe that I didn’t know that.”
“Oh, it gets even more amazing and strange, Torie,” Ray said as he chuckled. “So as for Reagan Barlow, he was the only son of John Barlow from Glasgow, England.” He clicked on the next generation of Thompson’s tree.
“Ray, I’m getting confused. What does time travel in Fremont, Iowa have to do with the Barlow name and England?”
“Stick with me now—let’s go back a bit further. Your Simpson line started where?” He paused in his clicking on Mark’s tree as he waited for my answer.
“The furthest I have gone back was 1567 in England. I had intended at some point in my life to go to England and search further.”
Ray nodded. “1567 is far enough for our purposes. Okay, now if you come forward to the year of 1660 and the death of your eighth great-granduncle James Simpson for his part in the assassination of Charles the First of England, you will find that Simpson was hanged, drawn and quartered, beheaded and his head and entrails were hung on the gates of London for public humiliation and as a warning to the masses.”
“Yes. I have the court records and his testimony. He was just one of many of Cromwell’s army found guilty of treason and executed.” I said with a nod of affirmation.
“Who do you think the executioner that carried out that gruesome sentence might have been?”
“I think I might need to guess it was a man named Barlow,” I suggested with a smile.
“Phineas Barlow—to be exact. He was a royal executioner and the seventh great-grandfather of Mark Thompson.”
He opened the tree overview and then clicked on each generation, from Phineas Barlow’s name on down as he continued. “The line of Barlow goes back further, but the important part about that line is this—each Barlow generation, from Phineas forward,” he continued moving his cursor from generation to generation on the family tree program as he spoke. “Amazingly, had only one descendent who lived to adulthood, married, and produced one child, which is almost unheard of. Now coming back to Thompson and the more recent history—Oliver Barlow had one daughter, Elizabeth Barlow Brown, Mark’s grandmother. Elizabeth had one child, another daughter, Mary Brown Thompson, Mark’s mother. The odds of that bloodline still being in existence at all are astronomical—and each of those seven generations either  touched or altered the Simpson line, up to and including Cindy Mills Thompson who was your 2nd cousin and another great-great-grandchild of your great-great-grandmother Rose Simpson Wyman.”
Yes, I thought silently. Cindy Mills Thompson, who had been the granddaughter of Allen Mills—the same Allen Mills whose farm I am currently in search of, in hopes of finding that old homestead and the well from my time warp and the lost girls.
“I guess that string has come to an end with Mark Thompson,” I said aloud. “He killed all of his heirs and the world is rid of his bad blood and good riddance.”
“It’s impossible to say what the merging of those two old family lines might have done—in terms of your family’s future, for better or worse—but yes, the Barlow line which has dogged your line for hundreds of years came to an end with Thompson—except that he isn’t gone, is he? One would hope that he could no longer do any harm in this dimension, but he is continuing the evil ways of his family in the past and by some anomaly, reaching travelers and causing pain in the present. He’s caught between both worlds and he must be eradicated.”
I studied his dark-hazel eyes and the determination in his expression as he looked from the computer to me.
“How?” I asked.
“We old travelers have been working to sort it out and we are considering that we may need to attempt something that has never been done and we aren’t even sure it can work. We are hoping that we can find an occurrence in the past that we can use as a trap—or it may mean the sacrifice of someone in the past. If it requires a sacrifice then it must be someone whose leaving the pages of history will not affect the world in the past, the present, or in the future.”
“Who can make such a determination? It’s wrong to play God regarding another’s life or death because every person touches others’ lives in ways that no one can fathom. Didn’t you ever watch the movie It’s a Wonderful Life?” I asked with a smile.
“We are continuing to search for the individual to help us with our plan,” he answered. “We are also considering other means to trap him. It’s all very fluid at this point and the planning is ongoing. As for Thompson, he is without a past in Iowa outside of Fremont and only arrived here because he attended college at William Penn University in Oskaloosa—where he met Cindy Thompson. His family went from New Hampshire to Ohio before settling in Minnesota. Thompson is now moving in and out of hosts in the past but he has no home here in this world any longer. He never traveled before—he didn’t have the gift as you, I, and so many others do. We have our place in the travels, but we also have our place here in the real world and our plans are our own. He doesn’t know our minds—he doesn’t know the minds of those people he inhabits in the past. If you recall, you have glimpses of the emotions of those you inhabit but you don’t know their thoughts. If he is in a host and the host dies, he will also, just like a cancer dies when it finally kills its victim. That’s our theory anyway.”
“Wait, are you saying that if we are in a host and they die then we will die in the real world?”
“Yes, it stands to reason that if you were to die in a travel, you would die in the real world. However, as travelers, we come and go from a host easily. We aren’t trapped and so we can’t die. We simply leave painful or dangerous situations,” he paused and smiled at me. “I should say trained travelers can come and go. You being an unwilling hostage in your travels, I can’t imagine what that has been like for you, Torie. I guess I got a glimpse when I had my first run in with Thompson. I’d never experienced the loss of my ability to leave a situation until that unexpected attack, but I won’t lose my focus again.”
“And I’ll have the same ability to come and go? You’re sure of that?”
“Absolutely,” he nodded. “But Thompson doesn’t have a tie to this world, you see. He jumps from host to host but he can’t draw back to the real world. If we can surprise him—if we can somehow keep him from getting away, if we can keep him occupied until we act, we are hoping to destroy him. At least, that’s the plan that we’re working on.”
“That’s a lot of ifs, Ray,” I chuckled.
“Yes,” he nodded. “We’ll be successful though because we must be. We have no other option. He must be stopped once and for all.”

***

I left Ray’s house planning to head back to Oskaloosa before passing through and on to Pella or somewhere warp-proof to stay for the night and continue reviewing my study materials. I was just hoping I could get out of the Fremont area without spotting Dave. After I left the Fremont city limits and was on the empty twelve mile stretch of highway on the way to Oskie, I began to relax—until my phone rang. I looked at the screen to see Dave’s smiling face displayed and turned down the car radio. I was all set to embark on an elaborate lie about how I was currently shopping alone at a mall in Des Moines—that is, until Dave told me to look into the rearview mirror and when I did—he was waving at me. Thank God I hadn’t gotten the lie out of my mouth.
So instead of being settled in and working on my studies at some motel by dark, I was leading the way, as Dave and I made our way to the Oskaloosa Family Restaurant to share dinner.
“So why are you in town?” he asked as he closed his truck door and met me at mine. He bent to give me a quick smooch before taking my hand.
“I needed a few files from the house and I grabbed a few more toys for Rose Lynn,” I fibbed as I let him lead me through the parking lot and I paused while I let him open the restaurant door for me.
“Hmm,” he responded, giving me a slightly suspicious look as I entered before him.
The lobby was empty but for the hostess who stood behind a wooden podium. Dave held up two fingers to her and she hurried off to ready our table.
“Don’t start with twenty questions, please?” I pouted, running my hand over the center of his chest, smoothing my hand along the buttons of his shirt. “Why were you heading in this direction and all spiffed up?” I asked, shifting the focus off of me and teased. “You got a hot date?”
“You want an elaborate tale or the sad truth?” he asked with a dimpled half-smile.
“Sad truth,” I said.
“I was sick of Finish Line carryout and was headed here to have a decent dinner alone,” he admitted.
“Oh, that is just sad,” I said and couldn’t help but laugh. “You have an absolutely awful wife—leaving you alone and you—poor baby—forced to scavenge the countryside, searching for sustenance.”
He lifted his hand to use an index finger and gently smoothed my bangs off of my brow, grinning down at me. He leaned down toward my ear and whispered softly, “Not the only hunger that I have, babe—believe me.”
The hostess returned just then, interrupting our banter and I was very thankful. I didn’t even want to think about that other hunger. I was only days into my pill regiment and nowhere near safe for those kinds of activities. It would be best to steer clear of that conversation.
At dinner we enjoyed a wonderful time together. I felt almost as if it was years ago, when we had first met. I watched the play of shadows across his lean face, the dimples as we laughed together, remembering the first dinner that we had shared at this same restaurant and in almost the same booth, when we were first planning to restore Rose’s house. Both of us confessing that we had been a little too preoccupied with the sexual chemistry that had sparked between us that first night and Dave admitted now that he had missed about half of what I had said back then. He said his wheels had been turning furiously throughout the dinner, trying to figure out how he was going to steal me away from Derek or at the very least, get me into his bed.
For a time, I forgot about the long night of studying I had ahead of me and completely enjoyed this unexpected date with my sweet husband. Until Dave himself, cut our evening short when he reminded me that I had a long drive back to Des Moines and it was going on seven. I couldn’t very well claim otherwise so I let him settle the bill and we strolled out of the restaurant and he walked me to my car, hand in hand. He glanced in the car as I opened my door and I could tell his eyes were on the spiral tablets on the passenger seat but he didn’t ask me what they were about, thank goodness!
“Call me when you get to Mindy’s,” he said. “Give Rosie a kiss from me.”
“I will,” I promised.
I pulled him down to me and standing in the parking lot, in the cool spring evening air, I stretched up to give him a brief kiss. He quickly took control and his arms tightened around me as he turned the kiss into one of those knee-buckling kinds that turn me into a blithering idiot.
“I love you, Torie,” he whispered as he withdrew. “When will you be back at home in Hedrick? I miss having my evenings with you and Rose.”
“Just another few days—Rose Lynn is enjoying the company of the other kids and there are several in the neighborhood who are her age,” another lie, I noted mentally as I gave him another kiss and a final hug goodbye.
After leaving the restaurant and Dave behind, I was heading down ‘A’ Avenue toward Highway 63, when I made a sudden decision and turned left onto a side road. I wound my way through the town of Oskaloosa until I went off onto the gravel and took rural country back roads until I hit Highway 23, heading stealthily back toward my house in Hedrick.
Feeling like I am running out of time because I only have two more days and nights before Mindy will be expecting me to be back from my ‘meetings’ in Davenport, I decided on the spur of the moment, that it was time to put to the test—my time-warping lessons.



Chapter 18


Torie
Training, Day 3
9 a.m.

“Good job,” Ray said with a nod. “One hundred percent on this book. So how are you feeling? Feel confident in your understanding?”
We were sitting at his kitchen table again for another day of working on my traveling skills.
“After staying at Hedrick last night and traveling, I’m feeling more confident about seeing the portals. Choosing the portals I go through and intentionally arriving at a place I select is more difficult. I still ended up back in the eighteen hundreds with my test last night. I was able to find the way back when I wanted to though and I did it all without running into Thompson—which is huge,” I said proudly.
My test last night, staying at my house in Hedrick, had been a success Ray agreed. However, I hadn’t gotten to the time I was aiming for. I had been trying to get to that 1883 tin-type of Grandpa Judson and Grandma Rose sitting in the front room of the Wyman house. Instead I had traveled to a completely new experience. I had spent an uncomplicated day in the home of my great-grandmother Alice Wyman Mills. I had been her daughter Molly and about eight-years-old and it had been a heavenly time warp. It had been late fall and Great-Grandma Alice, Lucy, and I had spent the day canning vegetables. It is something I have never done in my own life but as it had played out, it had become obvious that Alice had been instructing the girls on canning for the very first time, so I had been able to fit in perfectly.
Also during the warp I had been noticing and studying the portals that had surrounded me in the experience. I had seen, literally, a dozen of them! After several hours and still with no conscious decision but instead, unintentionally, I had moved through a portal and on to a different un-intended destination but fear and pain free—no Thompson.
The second warp, the first time that I had ever had more than one warp in the same night, had been nearly in the same time frame. It had been a Thanksgiving dinner, but this time, at the Wyman house, and I had been my great-great-grandma Rose. It had been calm, enjoyable and the large dining room table had been filled with good food and the entire Wyman family—absolute heaven for me. After a couple of warp hours, I had then somehow (still not quite sure how I accomplished it) entered a glowing greenish portal that I had been able to recognize as my way home and had arrived back in my bed at 5:30 a.m. feeling refreshed and pretty darn pleased with myself.
“You’re catching on quickly,” Ray was saying now. “The fact that you didn’t get exactly where you wanted to go is not so important. You arrived exactly where I would have predicted—at the time when your family of travelers was at their peak in Fremont. Are you ready to attempt a visit to the early times of your own life? I would suggest family get-togethers or Christmas celebrations with family and friends, maybe church services or school programs with lots of family—grandparents, aunts, cousins in attendance, people who may have passed on now,” he suggested.
“The problem is that I don’t have a lot of those times to choose from. Both of my mom’s parents were gone many years before I was born and my dad left when I was five and they divorced when I was seven. On my dad’s side, my grandma Virginia was gone before I was born and my grandpa Arlan died when I was a teenager and we never had any family get-togethers with him after my parents divorced. I just have so few memories.”
“I think that speaks to the importance of a strong family and community,” he said. “My wife and I knew each other our entire lives. Living in Fremont, of course, it was a close knit community anyway, but I have so many memories—that I am never at a loss.”
Ray glanced at my empty bottle of water then pointed, “Would you like another?” he asked as he rose to get himself another cup of coffee.
“Yes, thank you,” I said before continuing. “Ray, I understand what you’re saying about having a supply of memories to choose from because over the last few years with the book craziness, Dave and I have pretty much become hermits. I think by what you are saying, I need to get busy making memories so that our family will have times to choose from in our futures. I need to take more photos and I might even start a journal for keeping some stories and events.”
“Those are all good ideas.” Ray said as he rejoined me at the table and placed my drink before me. “Your family, you, Dave, and Rose Lynn are an example of what happens when family breaks down. I think society in general, fragmenting and becoming less family-oriented has created not only more orphan travelers like you, but many travelers who will never even know that they have the gift—it will remain lost to them. You went how many years without knowing?”
“Thirty-six,” I said. “And Dave, thirty-eight.”
“Amazing isn’t it?” Ray marveled.
“Yes,” I agreed. “Also now that I know for certain that all of the references to travels in the old letters are real and not just my own imagination running away with me, it makes them all so much more meaningful. I wonder even now though, Ray, who are they talking about when they hear the whispers? Are they talking about sensing me coming back?” I asked but then shook my head, answering my own question before he could respond. “No, that can’t be right because I just found the letters, just a few years ago, and they were written so far in the past,” I shook my head again. “It’s all so confusing—like trying to figure out that sci-fi movie The Terminator or that old ‘which came first, the chicken or the egg’ puzzle,” I said and chuckled as I twisted the cap off of my bottle of water, taking a drink.
“You need to let go of—or perhaps a better choice of words would be that you need to alter your understanding of chronological time, Torie. What the rest of the world perceives as time doesn’t exist for you anymore. Old references in the letters, actually could have been speaking about you, had the writer of the letter been alive and if you had visited the experience that they are referring to.”
“None would have been, though. In every letter that I found references about sensing travelers—they were written over a hundred years ago,” I said.
“Yes, but perhaps someday you will find such a reference regarding some travel that you did experience. Think of your family’s history as if it is the waves of the ocean, washing onto a beach nearing high tide,” he said and gestured back and forth with a sweeping hand along the table top. “As each wave rushes into the shore, the next wave comes up to that point and higher and recedes but then the next wave comes higher still. So, too, do the generations of a family—each overlapping and then the oldest family members pass on and recede as a new generation of family is born.”
“The ebb and flow,” I said. “That was also a reference in one of the old letters I found.”
“Yes, exactly,” Ray nodded. “That reference and the others from letters written in the eighteen-hundreds that you found—were probably speaking of sensing travelers who were passing through from as far away as maybe fifty years or more in the future. Those who wrote the letters either had the gift themselves or were family members of travelers and so had an understanding of the gift and what to be watchful for. They were alive at the time some traveler passed through and, on some level, they were aware of and on the lookout for those from the future, moving back and forth.”
“That’s so incredible,” I marveled. “So because my memories are so few to choose from I tend to gravitate to way back in time when I warp?”
“Not so much your personal memories, but without taking charge, you will likely go back to times that are thick with travelers in whatever depot and platform you travel from. Currently you are tethered to Fremont by proximity so the eighteen-hundreds and often your Wyman and Mills family or their community have and will always be the most likely destination because you are aimlessly allowing the travels to take you. And again, without taking charge, you will often gravitate toward the same type of warp—like a well-worn path. The travels you have experienced now and over the years—as you have described them to me—have been mostly happy times, good memories, such as last night. For someone else it may be different. There have been orphans who were hopelessly stuck in a well-worn rut of finding the worst of times and places. Some of those poor souls didn’t get the help that they needed and they decided that the only way to end the craziness that they felt they were experiencing was to commit suicide to escape the mental pain and anguish because to carry the memory of so many people’s pain from the past is a heavy burden. It’s such a tragedy when the loss of those travelers occur.”
“That’s so sad. I’ve never felt like ending it all because of what I have experienced in the past but I can see how some might—without finding help like I’ve found in you, Ray. I’m so grateful to you,” I said and touched his hand lightly. “I hope that you don’t regret it because I’m so full of questions. I feel like such an idiot.”
“I’m your mentor and I’ll help you to understand and teach you. Any questions that you have, you can come to me.”
“Regarding trying to direct my own travels, so what must I look for? For example, I experienced the 1959 warp with my cousins and Mark Thompson—who was still alive in the future at that point. Who can I inhabit or what’s the rule? I’m not clear on that. How is it that we can share a time warp with people who are still alive?”
“That’s why I stated fifty years or more in the future. You coming from the future must inhabit someone who is deceased in the present, at the time that you arrive in the past. When you experienced the 1959 Thompson murders back in 2012 your host was who?” he asked.
“I inhabited my cousin Lisa Walters who was a thirteen-year-old girl at the time. She died in 2006.”
“Okay so in 2012 Lisa Walters had been dead for six years. And Dave inhabited?”
“Tim Thompson,” I said.
“Who, of course, had been gone for decades—so you each inhabited people who were deceased before the year of 2012.”
“Okay, yes, I understand,” I said.
“Now—that experience for both of you was completely by chance and you each randomly inhabited available hosts. To direct a visit, you must have more control.” He brought his hands to the center of his chest as if cradling some small object in the palms of his cupped hands.
I nodded but I’m sure that my expression gave away the truth which was that I didn’t understand that concept.
“So let’s say that you want to visit a time from your own past that involved your mother who is now deceased, correct?,” he asked.
“Yes she also died in 2006,” I confirmed.
Ray grabbed a sheet of plain paper and started drawing a stick figure and wrote ‘Mom’ above it. “So do you recall a gathering of family sometime in the past or a certain memory that comes to mind when your mother would have been present?”
I thought about it for a long moment. “I remember when I was in elementary school and I was featured in a spring concert that was held in the gymnasium. It was one of the only times when my dad was there to see me play my harp with the orchestra. I actually have a little newspaper article about the performance from the Des Moines Register so I even know the exact date. I would love to see my mom during that experience,” I decided.
“The harp, huh?” Ray asked with interest. “Do you still play?”
“No, I gave it up for my horses. I didn’t have time for both,” I said with a laugh.
“Okay,” Ray continued as he added a stick figure and labeled it, ‘Torie’ and another one that he labeled, ‘Dad’. “Who else was there?”
“My sisters, Margo and Sarah.”
He added their figures and names and then looked back to me.
“That’s it,” I said with a shrug.
“No aunts, uncles, grandparents, cousins?” he prodded.
“No,” I said, a little embarrassed because it appeared to be a rather unimpressive assembly of family when seeing it on paper. “Sorry. I can try to think of a different time.”
“Actually, Torie, this is a perfect example,” he decided. “So—of the family you had with you on that day, the only person deceased now is your mother. Correct?”
“Yes,” I confirmed.
“Then, you can now begin to see that this will not work for your purpose, which is your desire to see your mother again—not until someone else in the experience has passed on. Your father is currently how old?” he asked.
“Seventy-six,” I said. “So if my dad passes away at say, ninety-years-old, then it will be nearly twenty years before there will be a host for me to inhabit.”
“No,” Ray said and shook his head. “Remember the other rule—for you, it must be a female. It could work for Dave twenty years from now if your father has passed and if Dave wants to get a glimpse of a young Torie Mills—a visit that would likely cause that young Torie to sense something—if she were to have been aware of what to watch for,” he winked. “For you currently, if you want to visit that experience, you can—but the only person that you can inhabit would be your mother but you said that she is the person that you would wish to see.”
I felt like a light bulb had just come on in my head. “Oh my gosh, Ray! I understand what you mean!” I said excitedly.
Ray added many other stick figures on his paper and then said, “So, for the sake of this example let’s say that your performance included an audience full of family—grandparents, aunts, cousins—all in attendance. Now you can see that you would have your grandmother or maybe an elderly aunt who has since passed on.”
“Yes! I get it now,” I burst out with excitement. “This highlights something else for me, Ray. For example, if my daughter Rose Lynn was to remember a time in her childhood when Dave and I took her on a July 4th holiday to Des Moines—actually it was just last year and we spent a wonderful day together. She wouldn’t be able to visit that memory possibly until—fifty years from now, if ever! It’s lost to her because the only person for her to inhabit would be me after I’ve pass away and it would be her wish to see Dave and me, not inhabit me.”
Ray was nodding as I finished.
“Family is important but not completely necessary. You can inhabit people who are not family but they must be consciously part of the experience. So you see, the connections are more important than you ever suspected,” he said. “Let’s take this example even further, Torie. Let’s say that you had your mother with you or an elderly aunt and uncle at the July 4th holiday in Des Moines last year—maybe even some family friends.”
“Such as my best friend Mindy and family.”
“Yes. Now, let’s imagine that it is forty years in the future and Rose Lynn visits that time and inhabits the elderly aunt who had passed away years before, or your friend Mindy—who perhaps had died young.”
“You mean that Rose could inhabit someone else in the experience and see herself as a child? How freaky would that be? Or if I were to inhabit my mom in that first example—then I would see myself up on stage playing the harp with my class.”
“All possibilities,” he said.
“It’s as though no one ever has to die! If you have the gift and live your life correctly the memories would stretch to infinity.”
Ray winked at me and then touched his nose indicating that I had it spot on. He stood from his seat. “Let me show you something, Torie. I’ll be right back.”
He hurried from the room and returned moments later with a large binder and set it on the table before me. He stood over my shoulder as he started paging through the binder and stopped at a photograph of his wedding day on the left and on the right, a hand written document.
“This is your…” I paused and looked up at him and then back to the photograph of a young bride and groom and then back at him. The man didn’t resemble him in the slightest. I noticed the names then, ‘Herbert and Violet’.
“Who is this?” I asked.
“My wife and her first husband,” he said tapping the document under plastic. “Violet and Herbert had only been married for three years when he died of brain cancer. She and I were married a year later. Like we’ve talked about regarding many of your recent experiences and memories, Violet also would be lost to me regarding our early life together but because she journaled her entire life—I have these memories and times I can share with her. I have other books that she and I created—stacks of them, chock-full of memories to choose from, of our school days together in Fremont, Sunday church services, ice cream socials, and Fremont Days. Each one—with dates, descriptions of events, who was in attendance—time of day, season of the year, and even what the weather was like. But this book is special because these are times when I can take her in my arms and hold her close,” he ended softly and I didn’t need any further explanation. Dave and I had experienced several beautiful love scenes when we had inhabited Ivy Wyman and Joshua McFall, and others.
“May I?” I asked and he smiled with a nod, taking a seat again and looking on as I paged through several of the stories. This particular book was full of honeymoon stories, for both of Violet’s marriages, but also stories about their first homes and moving in, holidays, romantic vacations.
“I have many others full of our children’s birthdays, family vacations, barbecues with friends and neighbors, church socials and many more that were just everyday occasions.”
“Wow, this is so in-depth,” I said with a shake of my head as I closed the book. “I think that Dave and I definitely need to make more memories. I need to document and journal to keep track of memories just like this book does, starting right away.”
Ray nodded. “You will begin to live your life in such a way that it will pave the way for your future generations to stay connected with you, Torie. For me,” he patted the top of the closed book. “Over time, and with every day that passes, more of those times with my community, friends, and loved ones open up to me as people pass on and with each passing—they leave behind that link to the travels. Even today, you and I are creating a little occurrence that someone may one day visit. Who knows, perhaps this day will become a little learning lab for young orphaned women travelers from the future. Your plan for memories and journaling are exactly what you need to do. And you need to open your world to others. Expand—expand—expand.”
“I will,” I assured him.
“Good—now let’s talk about Rose Lynn,” Ray said seriously. “She is at the perfect age for learning her heritage and becoming a traveler in her own right.”
That seemed like impossibility to me but I nodded.
“Go on,” I said.
“There is a traveler who has come forward and would like to offer assistance and begin to get, a course, you might say or a curriculum together for Rose Lynn. It’s someone who is a seasoned traveler—with the very advanced skills needed for schooling a youngster such as Rose Lynn. Rose coming into her own as a two-year-old, will be a proficient traveler in no time but she does need expert direction and this traveler is just the right fit for the job.”
I had a laugh escape me. It sounded like something from a Harry Potter book.
“This is a huge offer, Torie,” Ray said seriously. “Nothing light or frivolous about it. This traveler is stepping forward, revealing to me who they are and are willing to sacrifice their anonymity for your family.”
I sobered. I hadn’t meant to appear disrespectful or flippant. “Forgive me, Ray. I’m just still trying to come to terms with everything. I would be honored to accept their help.”
“Good,” he nodded. “Now, what they will need is access to some of your family photos which they can use to determine which travels will be appropriate for Rose.”
“I have several boxes full of albums of photos at my house in Hedrick but many more online on my family tree program.”
“Just a few are needed, a handful really. This traveler is from one of the old Fremont families and feels certain that they can coordinate travels for Rose, so that she will be able to share times with your older generations and theirs. That is—until we have taken care of Thompson and after that, the possibilities will be endless. Until we are all secure and that bastard is taken care of, Rose Lynn should have a mentor with her as she travels.”
“Tell me what you want me to do,” I agreed. “Tell me who it is and I will bring them photos or they can come to my house and meet with me. Whatever will work.”
Ray sat back and crossed his arms over his chest, touching his chin with a closed fist, pondering. “They may not be ready to reveal to you just yet. It’s a huge decision as I said.”
“I’m going home to Hedrick when I leave here to look through photos for my own travels. I could leave the albums out and maybe give you the code to my garage entry pad?” I suggested. “That way they can let themselves in and look through what I have. I trust whoever it is because if they’re willing to help me, then whatever I need to do to make them comfortable is what I’ll do. I’ll be out of town the day after tomorrow for the entire day but should be back by nightfall. I have a book reading at a Barnes & Noble in Davenport. Let the traveler know that they can stop by that day and do whatever they need to—and take any photos that will serve their purposes.”
“Good. I’ll pass that information on,” he said.
I took the sheet of paper that we had been using in our discussion and added the code to my garage door pad.
Ray took up the paper and set it aside as he continued. “Now, as to the photos you will be using for yourself. What’s your plan?”
I didn’t have one really. Out loud I said, “Although I don’t have much in the way of memories from my mother’s early life, I do have several photos from her years growing up in Des Moines. I want to try and go to those experiences—because I desperately want to see my mother again. I thought I would study the photos and then…” I shrugged because I really have no clue.
“So you’ll be attempting to project outside of Fremont?”
“Yes, she was born and raised in Des Moines,” I said.
“Okay, yes, so study them and if you can afford the time, go to the location and become familiar with the locale. It’ll allow you to be more comfortable and more likely to direct the travel and arrive in Des Moines and at the experience you are shooting for and not somewhere else in the past—likely here in Fremont where you could possibly run into Thompson. Plus you won’t feel so lost if you know the lay of the land,” he said. “If you are familiar then you’ll be able to fit in more easily.”
I know that this is true because back in 2012 when I would travel and be in Grandma Rose’s house during my warps, I had always been very comfortable in the surroundings as though slipping back into a pair of well-worn, broken-in shoes. I’d visited there so often that I’d known in what cupboard the dishes had been kept. I’d known where the washtub was stored and could scrub laundry on a washboard like a pro. I had known where to find the feed for the chickens in the coop and the basket which had always been left just inside the small henhouse up on a high shelf and lined with a linen cloth to cushion the eggs. I had spent time learning about much of Grandma Rose’s daily routine and other women’s days, such as Grandma Alice.
“Now, as for finding the correct travel,” Ray continued, standing and reaching across the table and searching through several other tablets of his teaching materials until he pulled out a certain one. “As you retire and the lights are off and the room is dark—you close your eyes and there is that span of time when you are trying to let go and let sleep overtake you, yes?”
I nodded. “Most of my life I have had a certain place I go to, especially when my head is full of my troubles and I can’t let go of the cares of my day. I envision myself lying on the grass staring up at an expanse of blue sky and white clouds. I try and concentrate on that brilliant blue and count the clouds floating by, keeping everything else at bay,” I said with a smile as Ray was nodding at me.
He chuckled. “Your own version of counting sheep, you might say,” he observed. “For me it is sitting on a front porch swing and looking out across a large front yard. I concentrate on that scene until I begin to see the portals appear. Soon—the scene before me is full of portals, popping up like a child’s blowing bubbles, filling the air.”
“I’ve never seen that. I’ve never seen anything like what you have taught me in these tablets until your instruction.”
“Again, it is just a matter of no training,” Ray assured me as he flipped open the tablet to a scene of a quiet meadow drenched in sunlight with new spring grass and in the distance, heavy woods. The entire scene was filled with shining portals.
“Those times,” Ray said. “When you are letting go—for you, looking up at the blue sky and watching the clouds drift by, think of that as your waiting room. That’s where you need to take charge. It’s your staging area—your control room. Seeing it and making a conscious decision to chart a travel, begins and ends there. That you have that scene you study in your head already, that has probably been with you most of your life if you think about it. Though each traveler has their own specific place, each is the same; fundamentally—a staging ground. The fact that you have it is the sign of a traveler. Your elders, if you’d had any travelers in your recent family, would have probably quizzed you about this when you were little to determine if you had the gift.”
“If I see the portals while I’m waiting to drift off, how will I find the particular place I want to visit? Will it look different?”
“No. But if you allow yourself, you will drift into it naturally. Let’s say that you have twenty choices before you. You may feel the need to pick and mentally move toward a portal but that’s incorrect and will have the opposite effect. You’ll be slingshot off into a random travel every time and if that happens, you simply look for the home port, come back and try again. Keep in mind that if you are feeling like you must choose then chances are—it won’t be the time and place that you are aiming for. Simply be still—and wait patiently. The correct travel and time you wish to visit will pull you. Don’t force it,” he instructed.



Chapter 19


Torie

As I waved farewell to Ray and backed out of his driveway, I headed back to my house in Hedrick while thinking about everything I had learned this day. It was a lot to absorb and I plan to write some of it down when I get home today if I can remember anything. I should have been taking notes as he spoke because I feel like this is going to take some time to sink in.
I began down the street of my house in Hedrick warily, anticipating possible reporters lurking as it was mid-day, but the street was quiet and peaceful. I pushed the garage door opener button as I approached and quickly brought the car inside and closed the door after me. I realized as it closed that I had been holding my breath, on edge, and worried about being discovered and needing to deal with the press. I was relieved that I had avoided all detection again today.
I dropped my purse and car keys on the kitchen island and went to my spare bedroom. I picked up one of the large cardboard boxes of photo albums, bringing it to the dining room table and then went back for another box. They were both full of nothing but old family photos and tin-types. I felt sure that I could find some photos which I would want to use for my practice and then would leave both boxes out for Rose’s mentor to find and go through.
I pulled out the albums containing photographs from the 1940’s which were mostly of my dad’s family, but a few were from my mom’s photo collection. Hers was not a large collection to choose from, as I possess only a handful of photos from her childhood and younger years. I felt as if I wanted to use one of these times because her only sibling, her sister Jean, who is also deceased, is in those pictures. Jean and my mom had been best friends when they were growing up, much like my sister Sarah and I had been close.
I leafed through the photos that my mother had retained throughout her lifetime. She had a black and white photo of a Christmas morning from 1948, when she would have been a six-year-old and her sister Jean was seven. They were sitting before a rather pathetic looking Christmas tree and a classic Radio Flyer wagon was between the two of them and each was holding a baby doll. My mother was placing a kiss on her doll’s cheek.
There was another one of the two of them, teenagers and standing in the middle of a creek with several other girls. Every girl was barefoot and had their blue jeans rolled up to their knees and all were all dressed in fifties-style sweater sets. They were cheesing it up for the camera and Jean was kicking a spray of water toward the picture taker. Who that might have been, I don’t know. What was of importance about these photos was the fact that they contained places that I could actually shoot for and had people I could inhabit.
Mom’s sister Jean died long before my mom. She had been killed in a car accident out in California where she had lived for years. Mom, Sarah, and I had flown out to attend the funeral back in 1990 when Sarah and I had still been in high school. I remember that trip distinctly because both Sarah and I had tried to be appropriately supportive of Mom during that time but we were also very pissed off that we had been forced to give up five whole days of our lives, including the homecoming football game and a school dance. It had been devastating to us.
My poor mom; I wonder now about her stoically keeping it together as we had attended all of the functions along with Jean’s widowed husband and their two teen-aged sons, our first cousins. They had all been strangers to Sarah and me and so we had mostly spent the time avoiding them and keeping to ourselves.
I can remember my mom finally crying softly though, at the funeral. I can also remember her refusal to look at her sister for a last viewing when the coffin had been opened at the end of the service. Instead, she had headed out of the church as quickly as she could go without causing a scene. Sarah and I had hurried after her and waited with her alongside the limousine until the rest of the mourners and the closed coffin had emerged from the church, for the drive to the cemetery. Mom had said she hadn’t wanted the last sight of her sister’s face to be dead in a coffin. She had wanted to remember her when she was alive and vibrant.
I don’t know how she had managed that because when Mom had died in 2006, I had felt as though I absolutely had to see her one last time before we had placed her to rest. I had needed to look at her face that final moment before the coffin closed and she had been lost to me forever.
I turned the page and moved on to another photograph which was of interest to me; it was actually a series of photographs. All were black and white and were taken outside of the house that my mom had been raised in, on the west side of Des Moines and all of the girls pictured were probably in their late teens. I opened the magnetic plastic cover and checked the back of one of the photos before replacing it under the plastic. The address of the house was written in pen on the back—1100 Seneca—along with the names Jean, Gracie, Wilma, and Paulette. The date, March 5, 1960 was also scrawled across the back.
Of the four photos, the subjects changed as each girl had taken turns playing photographer. There was one of my mom crouching to hide behind one of several small evergreen trees and in front of the trees was a white wooden fence, out on the corner of a front yard. Another was of her and Jean posed on the back stoop of their modest brick house. They both were wearing sweaters and skirts, each with a scarf tied about their necks. On their feet were bobby socks and penny loafers. A third photo was of Jean and those two other girls perched upon the white wooden fence with the little evergreen trees behind them—I assume that my mother had been snapping the picture. The last one was of my mother, standing on the sidewalk as she had posed while holding a glass bottle of Coca Cola as if she were a model introducing a new product.
I glanced up and at the clock on the kitchen wall; just 1 p.m. Since Mindy wasn’t expecting me tonight, I decided to use the extra hours to help with my plan and strengthen my chances of succeeding at this time warping attempt. I opened the clasp and removed the sleeve of photographs and after grabbing a spring jacket from the coat closet, headed out to Des Moines to spend some time in my mom’s old neighborhood.

***

I slipped my jacket on as I climbed out, after parking my car along the curb and just down the street from the dark-red brick house that my mom had called home until she had married my dad. They had married just months after meeting and from the time of the photographs, when my mom had been fresh out of high school and just barely eighteen-years-old.
They had met at a dance in January of 1960. She had walked into a popular teenager haunt from back then, the Val Air ballroom out in West Des Moines, along with her sister Jean and several other girls on a cold Friday night and as she had put it (the few times that she had spoken of it to me), it had been love at first sight for her.
My father had been just twenty-years-old and in the process of getting ready to head off to college the following autumn at the University of Northern Iowa in Cedar Falls. As it had turned out, he had ended up with a very young wife and the two of them had set off for their new adventure together. My mom had waited tables at cafés to help out while my dad had studied to get his degree in communications and then he had continued on, in the quest for his Masters.
My mother had wholeheartedly supported my father’s ambition and with the grants and scholarships that he had received, they’d been able to get by and Mom had even ended up enrolling for and receiving her own degree, in education. They had both graduated and returned triumphantly to Des Moines to take up residence, before Margo had come along in 1968.
It seemed like it had been such an idyllic start to their lives, but it had flamed out by the time of my seventh birthday. They had been together for more than twenty years at that point but were both still pretty young when they’d divorced, at a time when divorce had become an all too common occurrence.
I strolled now along the sidewalk, holding the photo sleeve and moving about the front yard as I tried to line up exactly with the angle, to see just where the photographer and their subjects would have been standing when each picture had been taken. The house sits on a corner lot at the intersection of Seneca Avenue and 30th Street. The front yard in the photograph had white wooden fencing that had edged the corners of the lot. The fencing was now gone but several huge old evergreen trees were still present on the southeast corner of the yard. It is impossible to know if they are the exact same trees that my mom had crouched behind some fifty plus years ago.
Along 30th Street is where the driveway and one car garage are positioned. A sidewalk and concrete stoop outside the back door of the house, leads up to the kitchen and is still as it had been in the photograph—even down to the same wrought iron railings. In the photo of Jean and my mom sitting on this stoop, my mom’s right hand had been grasping the railing. Glancing around the neighborhood and up at the windows of the house to be sure that I wasn’t being observed, I took a seat there on the four steps of the back stoop. The current owners of the house were probably still at work, and school hadn’t been let out for the day yet, so the scene was quiet.
I just sat and absorbed the atmosphere and held onto the cool wrought iron railing exactly where my mom had been holding onto it in the photo, just below a scroll which looks like a treble clef symbol at the beginning of a line of music. I closed my eyes and took a deep breath feeling so close to my mom at the moment and to think that tonight I could be seeing her face and hearing her voice again! I felt euphoric—and as Ray had taught me, this could be my gift for now and always. I could see my mother again and again in my dreams whenever I wanted to. I had these small paths back to her.
A tear slipped from my eye and I quickly brushed it aside, then stood and strolled on down 30th Street to the place where a small creek still ran under the current roadway. There was nothing about the ground to discern that this was where my mom and her friends had been enjoying the cooling water on that long ago day, but I could see the lay of the land. The creek was located just a few hundred yards from the little brick house.
I stood on the bridge and leaned against the railing, looking down along the leaf clogged creek bed. I studied the photo of the girls in the creek, trying to match up the creek bed around and behind them, but the bend seemed slightly different. I was able to see the same peak of a distinctive house roof in the photo, still out in the distance, about a street away. It has remained the same and so I know that I am close to the correct place. Likely erosion had slightly changed the channel of the creek over the last half century.

***

I arrived back at Hedrick at about dinner time. I pulled out a frozen pizza and popped it into the oven before calling Mindy’s house to talk with Rose Lynn for a few minutes, hearing about her day. It turned into mostly Mindy talking in the background, while telling Rosie what to say to me.
“Tell Mommy you went to Kmart and got a new coloring book,” Mindy said and Rose repeated it to me.
“Tell Mommy you had some chicken and fries for dinner,” Mindy instructed.
And so went our conversation. After a few minutes I told Rose I would see her in the morning and after she said good-bye, I took some time to speak with Mindy about my hopes of being there by the early a.m. With my success of getting back almost at will last night from my time travel, I was now more confident about giving her a timetable. I know that it is still possible that I might have a set back and lose control over my warp, but I am hoping that I will become a traveler extraordinaire tonight and be flying around the cosmos like a pro.
After my call, I grabbed a slice of pizza, turned on the TV, and popped in The Matrix which seemed very appropriate for tonight. I had adopted a habit of keeping all of the shades in the house drawn and letting the house be dark as the night closed in, with only the low light of the TV and a small bedside lamp to light my world each night so that I wouldn’t be observed, not only by the press, but by Dave. I had to be careful, so I was even so sneaky as to not call him until late enough at night that he wouldn’t be asking me to speak with Rose Lynn. I was always able to tell him that she was asleep each night. Just a few more days and I feel confident that I will be ready to let Dave know the truth and be a mentor for him as he also learns about our heritage and destiny.



Chapter 20


Torie

I readied my time travel atmosphere in my bedroom carefully. I had put fresh sheets on my bed which is always conducive to drifting gently off to sleep. I had written down the story of the photographs, as much as I know about them from my visit to my mom’s old neighborhood today, and I had added the story to one of the several new three-ringed binders that I had purchased on the way out of Des Moines earlier today. My hope is, that by morning, I will be adding much more detail and a typed up version, along with the photographs, behind a tab in the binder that I have already labeled ‘Grace’. I have decided to adopt Violet’s style of documentation and tonight will be just one of many memories to come.
I snuggled down into my cozy comforter and held in my hand, the series of photographs of my mom and her friends taken outside the house as they primped, and under the glow of my bedside lamp I studied my mother’s face, feeling so excited at the prospect of seeing her tonight. To be able to look into her gray-blue eyes, so similar to my own, to share conversation with her, perhaps share a hug. She will be many years younger than the gentle, soft-spoken woman who had raised me, but she will still be my mom.
I can’t wait to hear her voice again—a voice that has been silent for many years now. I can recall most details about my mother, except for her voice. I can’t ever actually reproduce the lilt and subtle cadences in my head or imaginings, when I try to remember her speaking. I am determined to drink it in tonight and hold onto it tight, but even as I have the desperate thought that I have to make this count, I realize that I am forgetting that I can see my mom often, as often as I want, now that I know of the gift and I smile to myself in relief.
I moved on to study my aunt Jean and their two friends closely. I studied their multi-shades-of-gray colored clothing, wondering what colors their outfits had actually been. I study all of their hairstyles, two in the popular pageboy style, and two in the equally popular flip hairstyle of the 1960’s. My mom’s friend Wilma had on a pair of horn-rimmed glasses with what appear to have been faux diamonds decorating the temples. Paulette had possessed very dark hair, probably black, and her bobby socks had featured a little fringe of ruffles decorating the cuffs above her penny loafers. She had been wearing a dark pencil skirt and light-colored two piece sweater set. Looking at the photograph with a critical eye, I consider that they may have been modeling in fancy new outfits, or perhaps heading out for a day of shopping downtown—who knows? But I am hoping that I will know before my night is over.
I put the photographs on the night table, turn off the lamp, and tried to temper my excitement because if I can’t, I will never get to sleep. With a deep cleansing breath I close my eyes and bring to mind my control room where I envision myself lying on the sweet soft grass of springtime. I imagine that I can smell the wonderful fragrance of a newly mown lawn and feel the warmth of the sun upon my skin as I look up at the endless expanse of blue sky. After setting my mental scene—I still and watch a large white cloud drift overhead, going from west to east—watching and waiting.
It happens very gradually, the arrival of those shiny spots which do look just like children’s blowing bubbles floating up in the sky and amid the clouds. There they are! Right before my eyes! I study them in total awe and then suddenly—poof!—they all disappear in an instant.
Oh crap! What the hell did I do? I wonder with irritation at myself.
I try again. I concentrate on a large cumulus cloud which looks like a fluffy white cotton ball and I watch as it drifts slowly across the sky. I empty my mind of everything else and this time, when I see the portals begin to appear, I don’t study them or even try to look directly at them. Instead I just continue to watch the sky and the clouds, but the spots are visible, all around my peripheral vision. After a time, I can feel myself starting to drift off to sleep, or being pulled into sleep is more accurate, and I do as Ray instructed and don’t force it at all. I simply let it take me away.

***

When I arrive at my mother’s neighborhood I realize immediately that I have possibly overshot my destination because the scene is shrouded in the dark of night, not the mid-day sunny scene that I had anticipated. I realize I am hugging myself, shivering from the cold and my breath is coming labored as if I had just run a marathon.
“Gracie, we must wait for the police! Paulette, tell her!” my aunt Jean said looking to me frantically with wide eyes, begging for my input as she struggled to restrain my beautiful young mother. I wanted a moment just to appreciate all of the details of my mom’s face, which I could see by the glow of a nearby street light until I saw the fear in her eyes. I had never seen that look in her eyes before, not ever in the lifetime I had shared with her.
We were on the walk leading to the back stoop that entered into the kitchen. The same stoop with the wrought iron railings where I had taken a seat in my real world last afternoon and had enjoyed the peaceful quiet of the neighborhood. Now, the back porch light cut further through the darkness and I could see that my mother and Jean were both in tears.
“Grace, we need to wait,” I agreed with Jean as I pulled my lightweight jacket closer about me. I have absolutely no idea what is going on but I need to figure it out fast!
I could hear a man’s angry voice barking from inside the house but the words were not discernible. Then there was the sudden sound of something glass breaking and my mother broke free of Jean’s hold and was heading up the walk.
“That does it,” my mother hissed angrily.
When Mother reached the railing, Jean grabbed her again and I assisted her in holding onto my mom’s arm, preventing her from climbing the steps to enter the house.
“Grace, you heard Robert. He said to wait outside and he would be back with the police in just a few minutes,” Jean whispered fearfully.
“They won’t do anything. They never do anything,” Grace snapped pushing free of both of our grasps.
A scream from inside the house chilled me to the bone. It was muffled because the windows were closed, but being as close to the house as we were, I could hear it clearly. Next—from inside came soft sobs and suddenly my mother dashed up the steps and into the house. The storm door slammed shut behind her and we were left out on the stoop trying to see through the glass storm door which was fogging over with condensation as the warm air from inside touched the cold glass.
“Don’t you touch her again!” I could hear my mother order.
“You whore,” the man roared. “Where’s that dandy of yours now, Grace?”
I could hear some commotion from inside and I started up the last two steps, intending to go inside to assist my mother, but Jean grabbed my arm.
“Are you insane, Paulette?” she hissed. I took in Jean’s horrified expression, she was paralyzed with fear.
“Jean, we need to help them,” I insisted.
Just then a voice called softly from the street, “Jean!”
Jean dashed down the steps and across the walk to meet my father Robert Mills. He was accompanied by two blue-uniformed policemen. Stunned at seeing my father as a young man of twenty, I followed after Jean to meet him. He was dressed in a nice suit and tie, his dark brown hair was cropped short and studious. I have seen some photographs of him at this age, his wedding photos for one, but it was so surprising to actually see him here. I hadn’t expected him to be sharing this day with my mother back in 1960. I got the feeling that possibly they had all been somewhere tonight, maybe a dance, because I noticed now that we girls had corsages on our coat lapels. I hadn’t expected anything that I was now in the middle of and now my own mother was in peril and I didn’t know what was coming next.
“Where is Grace?” Robert asked sharply.
“She ran inside. I tried to stop her,” Jean assured him.
“Come along,” Robert directly the burly policemen as we girls followed in their wake. “You need to listen at the door, officers. Don’t knock or make your presence known or he will straighten up.” My father was instructing them.
Then we all stood, in the cold, clustered around the storm door with the fog of our breath hanging in the air. We could hear the ranting of the crazed man just inside, cussing and slamming things around. I assumed that it must be my grandfather James North.
“I could kill you right now! I could kill both of you and you can’t do a damn thing about it. You think that anyone is going to help you? You little bitch, Grace. I gave you your life and I can damn well take it away!”
“James, stop!” I could hear a woman sob. “Let go of her, you’re strangling her!”
There was a loud slap and what sounded like someone falling hard.
“Go ahead, Daddy. I’ll have the satisfaction of knowing that you’ll spend the rest of your life in prison!” I could hear my mother croak.
The officers had heard enough. One of the men rapped sharply on the glass of the door with his billy club.
“Police!” he yelled.
There was sudden silence from inside.
“Police! Open this door,” the officer ordered, tapping again firmly with his baton.
I could see a hazy figure approaching and then my grandfather propped open the storm door and smiled warmly. His smile was wide and friendly, like the few family photographs of him I have in my possession. He was dressed in his work clothes, a white dress shirt and trousers; he had been a car salesman at one of the large dealerships downtown. His light brown hair was slicked back and he had a slight sprinkle of gray that sparkled like highlights in the glow of the porch light.
“Good evening, officers, is there some problem?” he asked with concern. “Jean, honey, come on in now dear, it’s getting late. Tell your friends goodnight.”
Wow, what a performer, I thought in horrified shock. He was acting as though nothing was going on inside the house. His face was a mask of perfect calm and contentment, almost welcoming.
“James North?” one of the officers questioned stepping up onto the landing and starting into the house which caused my grandfather to need to back up in order to admit him.
“Yes,” James replied. “What can I…”
“We have been listening outside, you can drop the act,” the officer ordered. He led my grandfather by the arm on into the kitchen and we all followed after them. I immediately noted a broken water glass was spread across a sea foam-green vinyl floor. My mother Grace was standing against the far wall, holding her throat. My aunt Jean ran to her and held her for a moment before looking through a doorway and into the next room.
“Mother!” Jean cried and hurried on through the kitchen.
I numbly walked toward my mom and stood against the wall, as I listened to one of the officers questioning my grandfather, asking him how much he’d had to drink tonight. I watched my father approach my mother and pull her gently into his embrace.
“Gracie, are you okay?” Robert asked, touching her throat where a red mark showed the indent left by a human hand. He untied the stylish purple and black polka-dotted scarf from around her neck and laid it on the nearby kitchen table while he moved her over under the light that hung above the inviting breakfast nook, to get a better look at her injury.
“I am now,” she said softly and looked around him to see her father being placed in handcuffs and being led from the house in just his white dress shirt and trousers, his tie loosely hanging, still knotted around his neck.
I followed the other policeman into the living room and stood at the threshold looking on. My grandmother, Louisa North, was seated on the sofa and sobbing softly into Jean’s shoulder. She looked up at the officer, as he took a seat beside her and I could see then that she had a puffy left eye and an angry red mark across her cheek as if she had been slapped by an open hand.
I just stood quietly and observed as the police officer opened a small tablet and began asking questions. After all, I was not family—I was just a girlfriend of the North sisters and as such, I didn’t get involved in the scene.
“Do you want to press charges?” he asked.
“Yes!” Jean burst out but Louisa patted Jean’s cheek and shook her head.
“No. If you could just have him stay the night and sleep it off. He’s been drinking heavily tonight. It’s a rare occurrence,” Louisa said softly.
“Mother!” Jean objected.
“No! I don’t want to press charges,” Louisa stated firmly and shot a stern look at Jean.
“All right then, we’ll keep him overnight and you can have someone come to pick him up downtown at the city jail after 8 a.m. tomorrow.” He tore off a sheet from the tablet and handed it to my grandmother. “Do you need me to call your family doctor?”
“No, we’ll be fine,” Louisa assured him.
Just then, around the corner, I could hear my father speaking to my mother Grace in the kitchen and I perked to the words he was saying.
“Gracie, I love you and I want to marry you. You can’t live like this anymore. I want to share my life with you. Marry me,” he said softly.
I peeked around the corner to watch him holding her hand and looking urgently down into her eyes.
“Robert, we barely know each other. It’s only been six weeks,” Grace reminded him.
“I know enough. You’re a special woman, Grace. You’re my dream.”
“I haven’t even graduated yet,” Grace argued.
“You’ll graduate in May and we can make plans. You’ll come with me to Cedar Falls for school in the fall.”
“But my mother?” Grace asked with concern.
“We’ll see what can be done about bringing her to live with us if you wish.”
This offer seemed to make a sudden change in Grace’s attitude and she nodded her agreement and my father smoothed a stray lock of her light brown hair from her cheek. He leaned down to gently kiss her lips and hugged her close.

***

A while later I sat with my family at the cozy breakfast nook as Jean cleaned up the glass from the kitchen floor with a broom and dustpan, while Grace perked a pot of coffee. I was taking note of the strawberry-blonde of my grandmother Louisa’s hair which she wore short and wavy and was wondering if my dark-auburn tone came partly from her side of the family. Her eye brows, which were drawn down now with concern, were tweezed and well-kept. She was not quite slim but not heavy. Her eyes were a light-green, like the cream de menthe center of an Andes mint, and very closely matched the shade of the cable knit sweater she wore.
“Mrs. North, you need to do something about this. It can’t continue,” my dad said to my grandmother with determination. She glanced across the table at him then dipped her eyes from his. She looked very small and meek and she reminded me of a timid mouse that might dart away at any moment.
“Robert, I appreciate your concern but things will be fine. I believe spending some time in jail will make a big impact on James. He’s a good man, but when he drinks…”
“But he drinks all the time!” Jean interrupted angrily as she dumped the broken glass into a metal garbage can. “Mother, do you honestly believe that a few hours in a jail cell will stop years of alcohol abuse?”
“I can hope,” Louisa stated firmly, finding some courage and straightening her back. She shot Jean a hard look.
“But I’ll be leaving for California to go back to college in two weeks, Mother and then it will be just you and Gracie.” Wide-eyed she silently beseeched my mother to say something.
“Mother,” Grace said as she reached above the counter and removed coffee cups and saucers from an overhead cupboard. “You could divorce him. We could go to your sister’s home in New Market for a time.”
“No!” Louisa said with finality. “And that’s enough of airing our dirty laundry to others, girls. Robert—Paulette, I’m sorry that you were witness to what happened tonight and I hope that you can keep this to yourselves and spare our family the embarrassment of having it become public knowledge.”
With that, my grandmother Louisa stood from the table and walked out of the room. Grace watched her go and moments later we could hear a door close as she retired. Grace continued on to the table and placed a bright multi-colored coffee cup before each of us, before turning back to retrieve the coffee percolator as Jean placed spoons and cream and sugar bowls at the center of the table.

***

It was about an hour later that I was waiting in my dad’s heated car as he took a moment to run back in and bid goodnight to my mother. I hadn’t gotten a chance to do more than tell her that I would talk to her soon before I had followed Robert out. He had started the car after opening my car door for me and then had told me that he would be right back.
I could feel tears welling up in my eyes and quickly blinked them back as I tried to stay in the character of Paulette, just a friend of Grace and Jean. But on the inside I was Torie, who at this moment was feeling nauseated with the shock of what I had witnessed. I was heartsick over the fact that such a person as James North could have been my grandfather.
My dad climbed into the car and for a few minutes we drove in silence. I stared out the window watching the young neighborhoods pass by, with the remnants of winter snow on the lawns and old 1960’s style cars in driveways and under carports at the side of most houses.
“Paulette, I understand now what you meant yesterday about it getting worse. I had no idea,” he said quietly. “I just hope that this time being locked up can make some difference.”
I looked over at him and nodded. I didn’t know what else to do. Apparently Paulette was very aware of the situation.
“I just hope they will be safe living there,” I added. Although I knew that, for Jean and my mom, things would change a short time after this warp and they would both go on to lead successful lives.
“Let’s do our part for the family by keeping this night to ourselves.” Robert said and glanced again in my direction.
I nodded. “I promise.”
As I promised, I guessed that likely Paulette had done the same. This entire horrible night had been kept quiet and neither my mother nor my father had ever hinted at anything at all, not in my entire lifetime. With the light of the dashboard and passing under street lights at measured intervals, I was able to get another good long look at the young man my dad had been when he had saved my mother; possibly even saving her life this night. I found that I had an even deeper respect for him because of this night.  I would have given him a hug and a kiss as I got out of the car just a few minutes later but it would have been totally inappropriate considering the fact that I was currently inhabiting a girlfriend of my mother.
“Thank you, Robert. Don’t bother,” I said as he threw the car into park, intending to jump out to open my car door for me. I reached for the door handle and climbed out.
“Good night, Paulette,” he said kindly.
I started up the front steps of the ranch style house where Paulette lived, just a couple of miles from my mother’s house, and waved at him one last time as I pulled the storm door open and turned the handle, going inside.

***

I arrived back from my time warp with the usual sudden finality and sat up in my bed, trembling and breathing as if I had just run a cross-country race; my heart was pounding like a drum. I wiped the tears off of my face and looked at the bedside clock: 5 a.m. I swung my legs off of the bed and hurried to my living room and my desktop computer. I logged onto my family tree program and brought up my mother’s biography and then clicked on the link for her mother, my grandmother, Louisa Bennett North. I clicked on the documents that I had attached to her under life events, opening her obituary and reading the three small paragraphs. It was short and to the point, daughter of Wilbur and Nannie Jones Bennett, seven siblings, two children, and bereaved husband James North.
She had died just three years later, in 1963, in the very home that I had visited last night. My mother Grace had married Robert Mills, following a brief two month engagement back in 1960. My parents had apparently never arranged for Louisa to move in with them or perhaps she had simply refused to leave her abusive husband. Louisa had died in her home of a fatal head injury after falling down the basement stairs while carrying a load of laundry. Her husband James had been out of the house on an errand and the death had been ruled an accident.
I didn’t believe that now, not after what I had just experienced. I can’t imagine that my dad and mom believed it to have been an accident back then either. Hadn’t they raised questions to the police regarding her husband when Louisa had died? Louisa had failed to press charges that night I had just experienced though, so perhaps back in the 1960’s no report would have been filed. Maybe they just hadn’t kept records of domestic violence back then because society had still been in the early awakening of the plight of abused women and children.
My mind ran wild now, wondering if maybe my father and mother had been making plans to take her away with them and James had become so angry when she had tried to leave him that he had killed her and staged the accident. Of course, I have no knowledge of any of this. My mother hadn’t ever spoken of abuse. She had told me very little about her childhood, but I had always been left with the impression that it had been happy.
I had a totally different perspective now. In fact, if I possessed the time travel expertise and ability I felt that I could probably get to the truth about the day that my grandmother Louisa had died. I couldn’t shake the sick feeling that James could have had something to do with the accident. It was, I feel certain, just the two of them living in the home, years after their two girls had gone off to college and new lives.
Again if only I possessed the proper amount of control over my time travels, I could actually inhabit my grandmother Louisa that fateful last day of her life but I don’t know that I will ever have that kind of courage or the desire to see what I predict might be the worst of what my grandfather James North had been capable of and in truth, it would yield nothing of importance at this late date. There was no one to save and no one to charge with a crime. The death of my grandmother Louisa had always been just another one of those tragedies that are in everyone’s family history and I had read her obituary years ago with interest only because of the tragic way that she had died.
I had heard very few stories about my grandmother Louisa Bennett North. I remember now that we had always visited her grave at historic Woodland Cemetery in Des Moines every Memorial Day and we had always brought her a bouquet of purple irises, her favorite flower. When arrangements had needed to be made for my mother, I had decided to have her laid to rest there beside both of her parents, in their North family plot.
I grabbed a tissue from my desk and wiped my tears as they fell and wrapped my arms around my middle as if to hold myself together. Everything I had believed about my mom’s early life had been shattered and I had no one to help me put the pieces back together again—I was alone with the knowledge. I had never suspected that my mother had lived in a violent home. I’d had no idea about my father coming to her rescue that night, back on a cold March evening in 1960, or that their rapid courtship and marriage had actually been my father saving my mom from an abusive home.
I spent the next hour typing up the story of my mother and her friends that went with the sunny mid-day photographs. I typed up a less graphic version of the true story of what had happened the evening of the same day that the photographs had been taken. I added a footnote for Rose Lynn, telling her that she was not to visit this time or place until she is older, if ever. She doesn’t need to see this dirty little secret from the past.
After I was finished, I showered and got ready for my day and called Ray to ask him if I could stop by to talk before heading out for Des Moines. He answered the phone on the first ring and told me to come over whenever I wanted. He sounded anxious to hear how my night of controlled time travel had gone.



Chapter 21


Torie

I wiped my nose on the tissue I pulled from the box that was offered to me and sniffed loudly as I glanced across the bright, sun-drenched kitchen table at Ray. He left the box of Kleenex close at hand for me and then took a sip of his coffee and sat back in his chair waiting patiently until my sobs had subsided and I had blown my nose and collected myself again before he spoke.
“Learning secrets of the past is the most difficult part of the gift, Torie—it always is. But in a way the painful knowledge is just as important as the joy. You’ll be able to protect your children and their children, from needing to ever experience those painful times—if you journal and provide them with proper instruction,” he said with a gentle smile.
“But I keep thinking that possibly my grandfather James North got away with murder, Ray,” I whispered brokenly. “I feel like now that I know, I need to do something to make it known.”
“Known to whom?” Ray asked patiently as he let me work through this.
“I don’t—know,” I croaked.
“Make it known like you made known so much of the story about the day that Cindy Thompson died?” he asked with genuine concern.
“No,” I said quickly. “But maybe someone in the past could plant a seed of suspicion.”
“It happened the way it happened. You can’t rewrite your grandfather’s or your grandmother’s history, Torie,” he reminded me. “You need to just take this knowledge, accept it, and then let it go.”
My tears welled up again and spilled over as I looked across at him. “I don’t know that I can,” I blubbered.
“Torie, do you know much history?” he asked suddenly.
“What do you mean?” I asked.
“World history—have you ever looked into, for instance, witchcraft?”
“No,” I confessed with a sniff. “I know about the Salem witch trials.”
“That’s a good example—an example of the hysteria that those accusations caused and the resulting innocent people who were tried and convicted of black magic. History is full of so many tragic stories, such as those Salem witch trials, that were likely our travelers—people with the gift who came forward with seeings or who tried to provide information to help to solve the mystery of perhaps a missing person or an old, forgotten murder.”
“Just like I did—providing the details of the Thompson family’s last day. People almost immediately believed that I had special powers,” I said.
Ray nodded. “Travelers over the eons have attempted to ‘do something’ to make a difference but it never works. What’s that old saying: ‘shooting the messenger’? At best, they were considered psychic or as having a special gift—just like you. At worst—historically, they have been called witches or crackpots and I would wager that many a traveler of olden days suffered away their lives in asylums for the insane because of their gift. Some who have attempted to provide information on crimes have become suspect themselves—even charged and convicted of those crimes and then rotted their lives away in prison or worse. Can you understand that—if travelers wanted to—just think of it—think of all of the mysteries that would be solved—all the greatest questions would be answered. Mysteries such as Jimmy Hoffa, D.B. Cooper, the JFK conspiracy and the grassy knoll,” he paused.
“The whereabouts of Amelia Earhart,” I added softly, thinking of my discussion with Dave about hiding the truth regarding Thompson in conjecture before we wrote Where Evil Lived.
“Yes, that famous mystery, too,” Ray agreed.
“You know, Ray, I just recently read some books by Philippa Gregory, part of which was about the missing sons of York; the young King and his little brother who vanished from the Tower of London centuries ago. Their disappearances are still being speculated upon after many hundreds of years,” I said.
“Another great mystery, yes—King Edward and his brother Richard,” Ray recalled with a nod.
“I can even remember being told the story of them by the tour guide when I visited the Tower during a trip to England while I was in high school. Their mother, Queen Elizabeth, was considered a witch.”
“That’s true. Torie, can you imagine the implications if someone could provide the undisputable answer to that ancient mystery about the boys? What if someone could actually produce their remains?” Ray suggested.
By the tone of his voice I felt like class was again in session.
“I don’t know,” I confessed. “I think it would be huge—a worldwide sensation.”
“Many of the world’s greatest mysteries are not mysteries to travelers, Torie. Travelers have wrestled with revealing truths to the world, just as you are at this moment wrestling with the story of your grandmother Louisa. Just imagine the uproar if people came forward claiming to have the answers to such questions as those missing Princes of York or the identity of Jack the Ripper, the truth about Stonehenge, the Shroud of Turin, or even the definitive answer regarding the existence of Jesus Christ.”
I sucked in my breath with shock at the thought of such a revelation and Ray nodded.
“Most of the world’s mysteries have been solved, Torie and are quietly held in secret by millions of families; fellow travelers, all around the world.”
“Oh my God!” I whispered as the immensity of it settled on me. It was much larger than my small moral question regarding my family secret.
“But let’s come back to you now, Torie. You’ve had a taste of what can happen, with the telling of Cindy Thompson and her innocent children’s deaths. The once sleepy community of Fremont, Iowa, and all of Mahaska and Wapello Counties, for better or worse, will never be the same again because of that book,” Ray said sadly.
“I am sorrier for that than you could ever imagine, Ray,” I apologized as I began to cry again. “If I could take it back I would—this instant. I would have never written the story.”
“I believe you, Torie. I believe that the years of happiness which that story has stolen away from your family is likely one of the biggest regrets of your life.”
“It is,” I said and nodded, dabbing at my tears again as they fell.
“Now think about this—what if you came forward with your insights from last night, or if you traveled back and confirmed that your worst fears about your grandmother’s death were true and then you created another fictional story of what may have happened to your grandmother on that fateful day of her death? Think about if you came out with a fictional version of the spring dance gone so wrong, for your parents and their friend Paulette—what would be the outcome?”
“Chaos,” I confirmed. “My father is likely the only person still alive who knows about that night. I could never explain to him how I came up with the details of that secret that he alone holds to this day.”
“Yes, but even worse; perhaps someone else would come forward who you are not even aware of, to corroborate your story. Maybe one of the officers involved left behind another old manuscript tucked away in a box—in a basement somewhere, collecting dust?” he suggested. He was referring the woman from Craton who had come forward with her father’s writings about the Thompson murders.
I shuddered at the thought. “It would be the insanity of Where Evil Lived, all over again.”
“Let’s take this a step further, Torie. With your celebrity and your public platform of writing—you have the ability to reach millions almost instantaneously—so let’s say that you decided to tell the world about your gift.”
“But I wouldn’t, Ray—ever!” I burst out.
“I know that you wouldn’t intentionally, but for the sake of discussion, if you did reveal your gift to the world—your life as you know it would be over. You would be either hated and vilified as a crackpot or revered as some kind of modern day demigod. You would never live the quiet life in Fremont, Iowa with your family which you—at this very moment, are working so desperately to achieve. It would be catastrophic. The disruption caused by Where Evil Lived would be ten-thousand fold. Your children and future grandchildren who may be travelers would be robbed of any experiences worth visiting in your life, or Dave’s life, or Rose Lynn’s—nothing but the chaos. Imagine if the world embraced and believed that you were a traveler—contemplate the ripple effect, as the world attempted to identify who else may be travelers. Consider the travelers who would be put under a microscope as scientists would try to unravel and replicate their gift. Imagine the families torn apart—as children would be taken from their parents to be studied and observed. It would completely dwarf those Salem witch trials of old that you mentioned. It could even rival the concentration camps and genocide of the Jews in Nazi Germany.”
My hand covered my mouth in horror. I thought again about the letters and calls that I had received from desperate people begging for my help and who had believed that I have some gift after the book had been published and who still continue to contact me, even to this day. It hit me like a sledgehammer—I had nearly brought it all to pass single-handedly with that stupid book.
“Oh, Ray. We nearly did that, didn’t we?” I croaked. Ray didn’t answer but his kind eyes said it all. “We didn’t understand about our gift, Ray. We had no idea what it was we had experienced and by telling the story of Cindy and the kids, Dave and I unknowingly put everyone at risk and I have single-handedly ruined Fremont. I am so sorry, Ray,” I blubbered miserably.
“It’s over and Where Evil Lived cannot be undone, but we will all survive it. This current surge of hysteria since Thompson’s death is subsiding already and we’ll get back to relative calm,” he predicted confidently with a gentle smile.
“How can I fix it,” I sobbed. “Tell me how to fix it—I need to fix it!”
Ray reached across the table to take both of my hands in his large, warm ones and squeezed mine as if throwing me a lifeline. I held on tight, halting my frenzied thoughts and waiting for him to tell me what to do—waiting for his wisdom.
“What you need to do, Torie,” Ray advised gently but firmly. “Is take this gift you have inherited and live your life in such a way as to affect the world positively now and into the future—not just for your family, but for the community and anyone you come in contact with. Build a world around you, where you want to live and where you want your future generations to come back to. A world where they can visit and spend wonderful and meaningful times with you and Dave—just as you enjoy, so much, sharing time with your great-great-grandmother Rose and others. Cut a swath of change for the better that will extend far beyond you and your family. These painful discoveries from the past hold close—document them and appreciate them for what they can teach you but don’t let them affect you or color your days—don’t let them control or destroy you, honey. Tuck last night away—leave it behind you and instead maybe take a trip to visit your dad soon, to make a new memory of him for Rose Lynn’s future. Remind him now of how much you love him while you still have time.”



Chapter 22


Torie
Davenport, Iowa
2 days later

As I turned the page, I looked up, feeling as if someone were staring at me intently and shocked—I saw that it was Dave. He was seated on the carpeted steps across the store, watching me and my breathing came to a trembling halt—Whoa! His light eyes were a beacon of love and lust, need and desire, all combined in that instant of contact. His hands were laced together, his elbows braced upon his knees, comfortable and relaxed as though he had been there for quite a while.
How on earth had he managed this? I wondered silently. His gaze continued to hold mine captive until I forced myself to look away.
The circle of children seated before me had begun to get antsy with my unexpected pause and a couple of the mothers were looking over their shoulders to see where my attention had strayed. I’m sure that my face probably looked as though I had just seen a ghost or, more likely, looked as if I had just been caught in the act of sex, which I almost felt as though I had. I felt as if the room full of strangers were interrupting a very hot love scene between Dave and me. I smiled at the children’s expectant faces and their many curious eyes watching me and then turned my attention back to the brightly colored pages of the book.
Regroup, Torie, I ordered silently. Regroup.
This was so completely unexpected. I had thought that I could quietly make this little day trip to Davenport to pacify my agent Tom Rhoads and be back to Hedrick without skipping a beat. I now had a sneaking suspicion that perhaps Dave and my publicist Nancy had shared a little telephone conversation or perhaps Dave had called Mindy’s house. They were the only other people, besides Ray, who knew that I was here. I was sure that the small newspaper ads which had announced that I would be here today for a book signing and story reading/meet and greet, had not gone any further than the few newspapers in the quad-city area. With the two hours of signing now completed, I was just minutes away from finishing the event with this reading of my children’s book and then I would have been out of here. Now I have an entirely new wrinkle added to my day and I have absolutely no idea why Dave is here or what this is about.
Ten minutes later as I finished my reading of Rosebud’s Bows, the gathering of children and mostly mothers applauded and then I took several more minutes to talk a little bit with the children, all of them little girls. I pointed to each, one by one, asking them their names and encouraging them to tell me which character from the story was their favorite of the variety of children and adults that Rosebud had encountered during her travels. By far the favorite was the protagonist Rosebud herself, as she had wandered about her neighborhood with her little red wagon and her puppy named Peekaboo (who she often referred to in the story as Boo Boo) while they had gone in search of Rosebud’s missing hair bows. When one of the mothers asked me to talk a little about my inspiration for the story, my own little Rose Lynn, I talked briefly about Rose while Dave continued to wait patiently on the steps—his intense eyes never leaving me.
A few minutes later, after another round of applause, I introduced the next author, fellow Iowan Marjorie Lane. She took her place on the small wooden stool before the children who waited expectantly and cross-legged on the dark blue carpeting around her while I quietly grabbed up my things and made my way across the children’s section.
“Hey, handsome,” I greeted Dave, taking a seat on the steps next to him. “What on earth are you doing here? Is everything okay?”
“Everything’s fine. Are you finished here?” he asked, taking my hand in his and pressing it to his lips for a gentle kiss before stroking across the back of my hand with his other palm.
“Torie,” Craig Pilli, the store manager, said as he approached. He was probably in his late twenties, blond and baby-faced. He was one of those perfectly manicured salesmen types who would probably be selling cars if not books.
“Thank you so much for coming,” he said and looked over his shoulder to the packed children’s section. “Quite a turn out today and I think that you are the reason.”
“Thank you so much, Craig,” I shook his extended hand with my free one. “It was such fun to meet all of the kids. This is my husband, Dave Cameron. Dave, Craig Pilli.”
“Good to meet you,” Dave said and nodded while they shook hands.
“Well, I don’t mean to interrupt. Thank you once more,” Craig repeated and then he headed off toward the recesses of the adult fiction section.
“Ready to go?” Dave asked again.
I nodded and he rose, pulling me to my feet and helping me into my spring jacket. He took up my laptop bag and with his hand along my waist, we exited the bookstore. Once out on the busy mall parking lot, he turned to face me. He was looking so good today—I was stunned by how yummy he was looking. His eyes were electric blue and as I gazed up into them I nearly lost consciousness. Mind-blowingly handsome, I thought with longing—he continues to get nothing but better looking with age.
“I was hoping that maybe you would stay with me tonight, here in Davenport, Torie. I have a room at the Sleep Inn and Suites down the street. We could have a nice dinner and just have some alone time,” he ventured hopefully. “It’s been so long.”
He slipped a hand into the pocket of his so sexy well-worn and broken in blue jeans, hiking his shoulder up in a slight shrug. He was looking hot in his chunky navy button up cable knit sweater that I had bought for him last Christmas. He had on an untucked blue work shirt and a dark-blue tee layered underneath and as I looked him up and down I noted that he was wearing his casual Timberland boots that I love. As my eyes came back up to rest on his face I realized that he also had sexy scruffy stubble on his face and I had a sneaking suspicion that this seemingly innocent pulling out of every tried and true way into my pants was no accident. He knows that I love this just fallen out of bed, disheveled look, with his hair doing its sexy tumbling over his forehead thing that it does. I feel that he is on the prowl and I am most definitely his prey. My stomach is suddenly full of butterflies—as I realize that I am in big trouble here.
“I was going to head back to Mindy’s tonight, honey. Rose Lynn will be upset if I don’t come home,” I lied.
In truth, my only plan was to drive back and spend the night at my house in Hedrick. After accurately directing my travel to see my mom, the night before last, I’d had a setback last night and I was anxious to get home and travel in spite of the setback because I felt as though I’d reached a crossroads last night when I had overshot my carefully selected destination—by about a hundred years, and had found myself again, alone, in a remote farmhouse in the eighteen hundreds with a stranger who had attacked me. I had, however, managed to warp out under pressure. I’d actually done it! I had out-maneuvered him, but I had been left with more than a few battle scars on my body from the experience. Battle scars that I absolutely could not let Dave see.
“Torie, please stay with me,” Dave interrupted my plotting. “Come on, just this one night.”
His voice was full of that deep, rumbling emotion that I have heard often in our past when he would wash over me like a warm and towering wave and we would crash together. I could almost feel the night of bliss and envision the passion that his deep voice was promising. My insides clenched with desire just imagining it.
“Can’t I have you to myself—just tonight?” he paused and then added softly. “I need you, Torie.”
I heard a little too much desperation in the last of his words. “Dave, are you okay? You’re not acting like yourself? What’s going on?” I reached up to wrap my arms around his neck and kissed him.
“Just lonely for your company is all.” He looked down at me and gave me his sexy half smile; half innocent little boy, half dirty sex pervert and with a gleam in his eyes, he comically shrugged an eyebrow suggestively.
“Okay,” I said with a laugh. “Let’s go. Where are you parked? I’ll follow you.”
He released his hold on me and pointed out his truck across the lot and we walked on until we arrived at my SUV and he put my laptop on the passenger seat for me and gave me another light kiss.
“I’ll be right behind you,” I agreed.
“Thank you, Torie,” he said as though I had just given him the greatest gift in the world and I thought that I heard a little bit of that desperation in his voice again. I felt like such a heel. I love him and am trying to protect him but it seems as though I am hurting him and I don’t know what else I can do.
As I followed Dave the two miles to the hotel, I began to panic. I knew that he would expect to make love and I also knew that as soon as he were to put his hands on my body, I would be unable to resist him; so I had to think of some way to prevent anything from happening in the first place. I also needed to do so without saying or doing anything that would cause even more damage to our already fragile marriage. There was absolutely no way that I would be able to be intimate with him tonight. There was no way I could even shed my clothes or let him see me naked.
After my success, if you could call it that, regarding my mother two nights ago, last night I had been attempting to get to another experience from one of my mother’s old photos. The one when she and her friends had been wading in the creek out behind her home. I had been confident that it would have been a wonderful experience, if I could have just gotten to it but I hadn’t.
Instead I had found myself back in the eighteen hundreds, and without any assistance, in a house out in rural Mahaska County. I had again been a farm wife and all alone, when a lone man had come to the secluded farm setting on horseback. Perhaps he had been a friend of the woman’s family, perhaps a relative—I have no idea and how Thompson continues to be able to find and exploit those kinds of situations, is something that I can’t understand, but then again, neither can Ray. It is almost as though he is able to hang in limbo waiting until he sees me arrive in a situation of isolation and then he swoops in.
Last night he had dismounted his horse and climbed up onto the front porch of the small farmhouse as I had stood just inside near the window observing him around the edge of the front room curtains. He’d walked along the porch almost as though trying to sense me and I’d held my breath, hoping that he would assume that no one was at home, turn around and leave. At the same time I had been frantically trying to warp out but was so flustered and desperate that I’d lost my focus and all of the portals had evaporated.
Then he had made a sudden decision and there had been a loud crash as the doorframe had splintered from the force of a heavy-booted foot wielded against the jam and the front door had burst open. He’d had me around the waist and pinned against a wall in moments. Then he’d lifted me and carried me through the house to the bedroom, slamming me to the bed.
It had been obvious again, during that warp, that he loved being physically powerful and exercising his male dominance over me and he used that dominance, turning each meeting into painful sexual assaults. I’m not sure if it was simply a man who had been locked up in a prison without a woman for more than half a century, now free to act out every perverted fantasy without retribution, or, more likely, that he knew that it was the best way to terrorize me. To have me vulnerable and in his control was an obvious turn on for him.
Last night, I’d suffered the degradation of him fondling and baring my breasts. Felt his mouth sucking and biting the tender flesh as I’d fought him with every ounce of my strength, doing my best to try and gouge his eyes out. When, all at once, I’d had a sudden epiphany—right in the midst of that extreme heart-stopping panic, pain and fear. I’d decided on a change of strategy right then—mid-attack.
I have learned from experience that fighting him off never works and in a sudden moment of clarity I’d decided instead to become completely still and let him have his way with me, like I had done before when I had been Rachel Dunn and Posen had been trying to drag me into the woods.
So last night I had stopped fighting, even as I had felt my dress being rent to the hem and my body being completely exposed; even as his teeth had painfully clamped onto the skin over my ribcage and he had growled and shaken his head as he had pulled on my flesh with his teeth—a wild animal tearing into a fresh kill. He’d moved on to my right hipbone, slathering his tongue down my body, leaving spittle and little bite marks along my flesh with his gnashing teeth.
I had concentrated on watching the wooden beams of the ceiling overhead, breathing deeply and remaining detached. I was as calm and as still as a corpse, as he paused only long enough to snarl insults and to unleash his weapon of choice—and then—it had happened; the portals had reappeared and I’d seen my green-tinted home port, escaping his clutches, moments before he had succeeded in defiling me.
However today, physically, I am a complete mess. I have terrible imprints of teeth marks on my body and sick-looking bruises over my ribs, on my hip, and my inner thighs from the assault. I cannot let Dave see my body and if he does, how the hell will I be able to explain it? I will need to plead illness tonight—I will need to sleep in my clothes tonight—I really just need this entire night NOT to happen. But we haven’t made love for—I can’t even remember the last time and I know that he wants me and I want him, desperately, but it just can’t happen. I have got to keep it from happening—somehow.



Chapter 23


Dave

“My name is Jan,” the friendly young waitress announced as she placed menus before Torie and me. “Can I get you folks started with something to drink?”
We were seated at a small table in the center of the packed TGI Friday’s restaurant—not as intimate as I would have liked. My plan had been to order a romantic room service dinner at the Sleep Inn and Suites but Torie had called me as she had followed me along Elmore Avenue and had suggested this place instead. I hadn’t wanted to disappoint her in any way tonight so I’d agreed but the noisy atmosphere was not conducive to romance, in fact, we had a family of four sitting just two tables over.
“I’ll have a Miller Light. Torie?” I asked.
“The same,” she decided as she slipped her coat off and turned to place it over the back of her chair. She turned back, opening her menu and began perusing the options.
“Great. I’ll have those for you in a moment,” Jan said and hurried on her way.
“We haven’t eaten at this chain in forever,” Torie said and glanced up at me. “What is it, Dave? You look like you have something on your mind.”
I hadn’t meant to be staring at her but I’ve been missing her so much the last few days and all I want to do is to get her alone somewhere where I can love her. I’ve never needed another person as much in my life as I need her right at this moment.
Do I have something on my mind? I pondered internally, as she waited patiently for me to respond. Yeah, I thought desperately. I do. I want to ask you to please help me, because after more than a year of my nightmare existence I’m starting to feel like I’m getting ready to crash and burn. I want to tell you how badly I need to hold you tonight—all night long, without fighting the miserable, unavoidable battles in my dreams. I want to ask you to help me find the happiness that was once ours and I want to ask you to help me make the madness stop and find peace. But I didn’t say any of the crazy things that were rattling around inside my screwed up head.
“Just happy to have this time with you,” I said aloud.
“So am I,” Torie said.
I could feel the weight of a stranger’s stare and noticed that the family two tables over were looking our way. The father smiled at me when I caught him staring at Torie. He leaned over to speak to his little daughter who looked to be about six or seven-years-old. The little girl was clutching a bright red book in her hands and was looking at the back cover. The father scooted his chair out and pulled his daughter’s chair back, taking her hand and walking the few steps to our table.
Goddamn it! I thought. Here we go. I quickly looked around the crowded room but no one else seemed to be watching us.
“Excuse me,” the man began. “But my little girl is a huge fan of yours, Ms. Mills and Rosebud’s Bows is her favorite story. She just recognized you from your photograph on the back jacket. She had wanted to go to your book reading so much today but we hadn’t been able to make it because she had a dental appointment. Could we possibly trouble you for an autograph?”
The guy eyed me briefly and nodded before he pulled out a pen from the inside of his gray suit coat.
“Certainly,” Torie said. She outstretched her hand toward the little girl, who was hugging the book to her chest. “What’s your name, honey?”
“Madison,” she said as she stepped up closer to Torie’s side and handed the book over.
“Hello, Madison,” Torie said as she moved her silverware aside and laid the book on the edge of the table. “What a pretty name.”
“Thank you,” Madison answered quietly.
Torie accepted the pen from her father and opened the front cover to begin. “Who is your favorite character from the story? Do you have a favorite?”
I appreciated, again, my beautiful wife’s wonderful gift for making others feel comfortable in her presence. She may keep her guard up and her inner self saved just for me and a few others lucky enough to be allowed to get close to her, but this friendly and open public persona is what had made her so successful. It is why Nancy is always pushing her so hard to get out into the public and meet her readers. Torie Mills, the celebrity, possesses that certain sparkle that people are immediately drawn to. I know that all too well—she had dazzled me from the very first day that I had met her. It only took a small bit of urging now before the shy child’s face opened up and a huge smile broke out.
“Rosebud,” Madison said eagerly. “I also like her little dog Peekaboo. I have a dog named Chloe and she is a Chihuahua also and cream-colored with white paws, just like Boo Boo. Sometimes she’ll let me pull her around our house in my little doll wagon and she cuddles down into her blankets and I pretend that I’m Rosebud and we visit old Mr. Robertson and Margaret the librarian and Rosie’s neighbor Lorraine who lives on the corner and is always making pies.”
“It sounds like you have a good imagination. Would you want me to write another book about Rosebud and her neighbors?” Torie asked seriously. 
“Oh, yes!” Madison gushed with excitement.
“Maybe one day I will. I hope that your dentist was nice to you today.”
“He pulled a tooth,” Madison said and opened her mouth into a big smile pulling her lip back with her index finger to show Torie the gap between her upper teeth. “My baby tooth was stuck and the dentist said that my molar couldn’t come down until the baby tooth was out of the way.”
“You’re very brave, Madison,” Torie said. “I guess that means that the tooth fairy will be making a stop at your house tonight?”
“Yes! This will be her fifth time coming to my house,” Madison said proudly. “I put my tooth into a glass of water on my nightstand and in the morning the tooth is gone and quarters are in the water instead. I run to the bathroom and dump out the water and count the money.”
“My goodness,” Torie said with excitement. “You must be getting rich!”
“Yes, I save all of my money in a piggy bank,” Madison said proudly.
Torie finished the autograph and as she handed the pen back to the father, she smiled warmly at the little girl. “Well, I’m glad I got this chance to meet you today, Madison.”
“Thank you, Torie. This is my very, very favorite book,” Madison gushed.
“Every night at bedtime,” her father said, the tone of his voice indicating clearly that he likely knew every word of the story verbatim from the constant repetition. I nodded at him knowingly because I also could recite every word without even cracking the book. Torie and I have read it to Rose Lynn more times than I can recall.
“Thank you again,” the father said.
As they returned to their table, I took another look around the place to see if any of the others in the room had noticed or looked as if they were going to descend upon us. No one was looking in our direction or seemed to have noticed the occurrence at all but I am always leery when in a large crowd with Torie because it can erupt into pandemonium in an instant.
Just then Jan reappeared with our drinks. “Ready to order folks?”
“Could we have just a few more minutes,” I asked. 
“Certainly,” Jan said and nodded. “I will be back in just a few.” Torie and I both bent to study our menus then, to be ready when Jan returned.

***

Dinner was pleasant. We talked about Rose Lynn and her new experience and love for video games that Mindy’s boys were giving her a lot of instruction in. We talked about the book signing today and about the possibility of another signing tour for Torie’s book Claire White of Cedar County, Iowa. We talked about my new renovation project out in rural Mahaska County at a farmhouse that is one-hundred and forty-three years old. I filled her in on some of the more interesting details which included the installation of a 1901 bathroom with all original antique fixtures. I’d hired a restoration expert/plumber from Omaha who had done a great job with all of the fancy details, including a beautifully embossed toilet bowl and wooden high tank.
We talked about Jack and the worsening stiffness in his right front leg. His age is beginning to take its toll on him and I have been considering buying three new horses; a small docile brown and white paint for Rose Lynn and two sorrel quarter-horses for Torie and me that are broke to ride but also trained to harness. I’ve pretty much decided that Jack and Princess need to be relieved of any further duties, including our traditional winter sleigh rides. They are both nearing thirty-three-years-old now and it is time for them to retire and enjoy the remainder of their years simply roaming the pasturelands and enjoying timothy hay and special senior oats daily. We talked about everything except the one thing that I really wanted to discuss—our current living arrangement and when she and Rosie will be coming back to me.



Chapter 24


Torie

As I had driven my car the half mile to the hotel after dinner, following behind Dave, I had tried to figure out an angle to somehow make my escape. As I had held his hand and let him lead me to our beautiful suite on the second floor of the Sleep Inn and Suites, I’d been wondering if I might somehow fake a migraine but he’d probably just insist on putting me to bed and besides, I don’t get migraines. I’d even thought about maybe complaining of a stomach ache or making myself throw up but again he would probably just insist on putting me to bed. And even if I were able to avoid getting naked with him tonight, there would still be the morning and Dave knows that I love morning sex.
I had continued to scheme as we had entered our room and I’d quickly excused myself to use the restroom, hoping to put off the inevitable by staying ensconced in here as long as possible. I took my time washing my hands, checking my makeup and I even straightened the shower curtain and adjusted the plush cotton towels hanging from fancy brushed-nickel towel racks. When I had dashed in here, Dave had been making himself comfortable by slipping off his shoes and sitting on the side of the oversized king-sized bed.
Damn! How in the hell am I going to get out of this hotel room without destroying my marriage in the process? I contemplated miserably.
Perhaps I need to just go ahead and let Dave know about Ray and Thompson and the travels? During dinner I had tried a couple of times to ask him leading questions, hoping that he would let it slip and confess that he has been traveling, but he hadn’t taken the bait. He hadn’t said anything that would make me believe other than he is living a blissfully normal everyday life in his house in Fremont. Besides—even if I confessed tonight and destroyed his bliss, I am not near ready to deal with all of the fallout from that confession because I am still learning and I feel like such a newbie at this time travel business myself that I would be useless to him.
“Damn it,” I whispered aloud, still with no clue about what I should do as I opened the bathroom door to rejoin him before he came looking for me. I could hear my cell phone was ringing as I emerged and saw Dave digging for it in my purse.
“I got it,” he said, as he rummaged around and produced it. He handed it off to me and I smiled when I saw the caller ID and answered.
“Hey, Mindy. Sure put her on. Hey, Rosie Posey, are you heading to bed, honeybun?”
As I paused to listen to her response, my eyes went to Dave and the smile waned from my lips—the blood drained from my face. He was holding the plastic case containing my birth control pills in his hand—holding them out toward me. “What the hell?” was the unmistakable expletive his expression conveyed as his icy, arctic-blue eyes pierced me.
I turned my back to him as I tried to concentrate on finishing my call with Rose Lynn.
“Rosie, you get to sleep and I’ll see you first thing in the morning, sweetie pie. I love you, precious. Daddy’s here, would you like to tell him goodnight? Okay.” I turned back to Dave. “Rose wants to tell you goodnight.”
Numbly he held his hand out for the phone and I placed it into his palm. I attempted to take the pill container from his other hand while he was occupied with the phone conversation but he lifted his arm, moving his hand up over his head and out of my reach.
“Rosebud, you have a good night’s sleep and only happy dreams,” he said quietly.
He paused, listening to Rose but his eyes were fastened on me.
“I’ll see you soon, honey. I love you, Rose,” he finished and touched the screen to end the call.
The heavy quiet between us as he stood there holding my phone and the pills was deafening. The seconds drug out—I didn’t know what to say. I didn’t want to start the conversation but Dave gave me no choice.
“Why are you on the pill, Torie? I thought that we were trying for another baby? Or did I miss a memo?” he asked with a coldness I had never heard in his voice before. Before I could respond, he continued. “I guess I’m going to need to pose these questions—have you changed your mind about a baby? Have you changed your mind about our marriage? Are you taking these, anticipating a change in your life? Are you taking these because you’re already having an affair? I’m leaning toward all of the above,” he finished harshly.
I walked up to him and took the phone and pills from his hands and tossed them into my purse.
“How about none of the above? You’re wrong—everything you’re thinking is not at all what this is about, Dave. I swear—I love you, I want only you. I want your children and I never want another man—ever.”
I reached out to touch his chest and he didn’t take me into his arms like I was hoping would happen. Instead, he moved away from me and wearily sat on the end of the bed.
“Please explain then. What the hell has happened to us, Torie? You’re giving up on us, aren’t you?”
“No!” I said quickly. “This has nothing to do with giving up.”
“Then why are we falling apart? If it isn’t over between us, then what the hell is it? Because it sure the hell is feeling like it’s over.”
I leaned against the mirrored dresser opposite him and crossed my arms over my chest. “I can’t tell you anything yet, but we are not falling apart.” I tried to assure him again but it sounded ridiculous considering the truth of our situation.
“Well we’re giving a pretty goddamn good imitation of it,” he roared angrily. “You’ve taken my daughter from me and are living in Des Moines now. That’s separated as far as I’m concerned—just not officially on paper. I thought that I could wait it out but it’s killing me, Torie. Don’t you know that? Why do you think I’m here right now? You left and took my daughter away from me and it has been almost three weeks. Your couple of days away has turned into weeks!”
“Dave, it’s killing me, too,” I tried again.
“Bullshit!” he cut me off. “You’re intentionally keeping me in the dark, without giving me any idea of how I can help to make it right again. Just tell me. Please. I’ll do anything.”
I knew that I couldn’t take a step toward him. I knew that if I were to approach the bed where he sat, if I were to move too close to him now, I would collapse into his arms and beg him to make me his own. Instead I moved away from the dresser and reached for my jacket and my purse.
“Dave, this is no good. Being here tonight is not the answer. You’re going to need to be patient and try to understand. I have to go.”
I took a step toward the door and he shot off the bed and before I could reach for the handle, he had me by the shoulders and turned me around, pressing me up against the door, gently pinning me to it. He took my purse and jacket from my hands and dropped them to the floor.
“Love me, Torie,” he said, his deep voice, a gravelly whisper. “Please don’t give up on us.”
His lips were gentle against my neck, his heavily laden breath, a moist heat that ruffled the tendrils at my nape as he groaned my name softly, plaintively in my ear. Then he was kissing along my jaw and to my mouth as I tried desperately to resist and he tried even more desperately to entice. I pushed weakly against his chest and he took both of my hands and pulled them up over my head holding them in restraint in one of his, gently but masterfully. He pressed against my body with his own and even through the barrier of our clothes I could feel him, ready and oh so inviting, against my stomach.
“Love me, Torie,” he repeated again softly, as his free hand began to caress me through my blouse. He moved the fabric so that he could lightly kiss the round of my breast. “Love me.”
My resolve began to weaken as his lips captured mine for a moment and retreated only to return. My mouth opened and my heaving breath mingled with his as he urged me, demanding that I return his kiss. My lips trembled against his and parted, as his tongue slid through—invading. His persistence, his soft tongue awakening my need, was unrelenting until I found myself returning his desperate plea, and sliding my tongue around and over his as I welcomed each deepening stroke of his penetration and possession.
His free hand worked the button and zipper of my jeans open as I stood plastered to the door held in his gentle restraint and I knew that this was impossible. I needed him—God, how I needed him. But I also knew that once he saw what I was desperate to keep hidden—once he saw the teeth marks, the imprint of angry fingers that had grasped my body leaving behind bruises and abrasions, there would be no going back. He would know and then he would be drawn back into the travels and become part of the battle. 
 “Dave,” I said small and hesitant but with as must strength as I could muster. “Stop.”
His light eyes lifted to mine and it was there in his expression, his fear of rejection, maybe desperation.
“Dave, I have to leave. Please let me go. I love you but I can’t stay tonight. I need to leave now.”
I could see it in his eyes, the resignation and something else—maybe the end of some kind of battle that he felt he had just lost. I knew that he hadn’t lost anything. He had every bit of me and in just a few more days, I would share everything with him. Everything that I was learning I would begin to teach him—in just a few more days.
“Fine,” he barked releasing me and holding both hands up as though surrendering. “I’m not going to force you to stay.” He stepped back, clamping his jaw tightly closed. Stoically he crossed his arms over his chest and in silence, watched me arrange my clothes.
“I’ll call you later tonight,” I promised. 
I wanted to apologize or tell him something more in explanation but I had made my break and needed to go because anything else I might say, would only delay the inevitable. I grabbed up my things and pulled the door open, glancing back at him once more. He glared at me, angry and confused but continued to hold his ground and let me go. He was standing in the same spot as the door closed behind me and I hurried along the hallway and out to my car.



Chapter 25


Dave

Silence. Not a sound invades my ears as I sit alone in the glider on my back deck and look out across the barren fields which had been plowed and seeded just days ago. The pitch-black Iowa soil makes the expanse before me look like a void, a deep cavern of nothingness. The darkness of the new moon allows the stars to look like a sprinkling of tiny diamonds across the midnight sky.
With a heavy sigh I turn my attention to thoughts of Torie as I consider that she is truly leaving me behind now, and with no family any longer in my life, what am I left with? The drive home from Davenport, after Torie had left me standing like a fool alone in the hotel room, had given me a lot of time to consider that. What I am left with is this big old prison of a house and the nightmare of my endless time warps.
Almost as if sensing my dark mood, sweet old Shadow walks up to my side and licks at my hand, nudging it until I lift it from the arm of the swing to give him a scratch behind the ears.
“Well, old buddy,” I said to him quietly. “Looks like it’s just you and me again.” I haul myself out of the glider. “Let’s turn in.”
I walk through the darkened, quiet house and make my way upstairs, flipping the lights on as I enter my bedroom. I sit heavily on the edge of my bed as I unlace and remove my boots, tossing them aside, and then my eyes scan the nightstand. I pick up the small framed photograph of Torie and me that had been taken in Las Vegas in 2012, when we had been dressed in our New Year’s Eve finery during the last night of our reception weekend. We had been so happy that night and were so full of plans for our future together, but our reality is not the future that either of us could have ever imagined.
“Hell,” I growl aloud as I place the photo firmly back in its place, rising and heading to my bureau. I drop my watch on the bureau and remove my billfold, tossing it to the dresser top before I strip out of my sweater and shirt, crossing the room to look into the large floor mirror as I pull my tee shirt over my head and toss it in the direction of the clothes hamper.
“Just frickin’ great,” I hiss, moving closer to get a better look at the reddened gash over my ribs. I touch the swollen spot and feel the heat radiating from it. I can see a little fluid is seeping around the three butterflies I’d used to close the gaping wound. It really should’ve been closed with stitches but I couldn’t have very well presented an obvious knife wound to a doctor. There would have been all kinds of questions about how it had happened and I wouldn’t have been able to tell the truth—that I had been stabbed last night by a lunatic in a bar fight over one hundred years in the past. I turn before the mirror to get a look at my back.
“Jesus,” I whisper.
My other newest addition to my growing assortment of injuries, a bruise, which was also received last night, had gotten larger and darker during the day. It is now the size of a football and is a nasty looking dark-plum color. It goes nicely with the bright red stripes that crisscross my back, outlined with feathery wisps of bruises that are now fading to yellow and green.
I had received those stripes a couple of nights ago when I had warped into the body of a young boy of about ten and had had the shit beaten out of me by his dad. The father had finally forced me to scream, beg, and cry—which had been his goal—while I had cowered in the corner of a wood shed with one arm over my head and face to protect them from the searing snap of the thick leather belt and my body drawn up into a ball with my other hand cupped between my legs to protect my more tender parts from his fury. The father hadn’t been himself and I had been sure that it had been a traveler and I’d had the insane thought, as he’d beaten me with undisguised pleasure—that it was Mark Thompson. I’d had the same thought during my warp from last night, too.
I’m losing my mind—it can’t be him. But it is! I argue with myself silently back and forth, back and forth.
“No!” I bark aloud and shake the crazy thoughts free as I consider that it is probably better that Torie hadn’t stayed with me tonight. I’m not fit company for Torie or for anyone else and my bleak despair is becoming increasingly hard to hide. If not for the injuries that I am waking up with each morning that are undisputable evidence of what I am experiencing in my dreams over night, I would be almost positive that I already have lost my mind and am imagining all of it. As it is, I still doubt my sanity almost every other minute of my days.
Before recently—my time warps had only been challenging mentally and I had learned to live in both worlds, but suddenly my nighttime time travel world is becoming painfully real—on this physical plane. Even worse is the fact that I never know when the warp will turn to crap, so I never have any way to prepare or try to defend myself.
Regarding Torie and Davenport, all I’d thought about was how desperate I had been to be with her tonight, to feel grounded with her and normal for a time. I hadn’t really thought it through at all. If I would have stripped down with her tonight, I hadn’t even thought up any excuse to give her for the battered condition of my body. I suppose that I could have said that I had tumbled off of a roof or fallen over a pile of lumber—it would’ve been close enough to the truth.
I had been lucky during last night’s travel because the warp had ended just at the point after I had been stabbed and I had arrived back in the present with a significant flow of blood coming from the wound over my ribs, just beneath my right arm. Not deep because the knife blade had hit bone, but wide and jagged enough so that it had yawed open and I had been able to see the connective tissues and the white of exposed bone. I had needed to staunch the bleeding and so was up and fashioning butterfly bandages to close the wound at 3 a.m. My being right-handed and doing the procedure by myself hadn’t been easy. I’d had to wad up a towel to keep pressure on the gash by holding my right arm down tight against my side to slow the bleeding. At the same time I had sat on the closed lid of the toilet, in the dead of the night, cutting up My Little Pony Band-Aids to the appropriate butterfly shape. Not easy—at all.
I head to the bathroom now to add some disinfectant to the oozing gash. I had run to the pharmacy this morning before heading out for Davenport to surprise Torie and had purchased bandages and had replaced Rosie’s My Little Pony’s with proper butterflies. I would have had even more explaining to do if I would have gotten naked with Torie and had exposed the cartoon characters frolicking across my ribs.
Last night when I had received the wound, I had arrived at the time warp, standing before what had been a dusty and dirty, old-fashioned saloon. I had warped in just as the man I inhabited had been pushing through the swinging door from the dark of the outdoors. I had glanced back toward the street—horses tied to hitching posts and no cars—eighteen hundreds I had quickly noted. I’d stopped just over the threshold to get my bearings. There had been several men sitting at one of the two small square tables in the equally small room that had been lit by gas lamps hanging overhead. The hiss of the gas burners had been nearly drowned out by the music that was coming from an old player piano across the room. The men had glanced up from their card game briefly to take a look at me as I’d entered and I had nodded as if saying, “Hey,” and they had all returned the gesture.
The bartender, a middle-aged man with a huge belly, had stood behind the bar watching me and to end the awkward pause, I had headed in that direction.
“Phillip,” he had greeted me with a nod. “What can I get ya? The usual?”
I had dug into the pocket of my pants to see if I had any money to pay for a drink and pulled out a wadded dollar bill and tossed it onto the gnarled oak bar. I had been thankful that I hadn’t been a stranger to him and that I’d had a usual.
“Yes,” I had answered him. My voice had been flinty and deep as the words had rumbled out of me. I had nodded my thanks as I had accepted the small shot glass of amber liquid. Whiskey or something appropriately saloon-ish, I had assumed. Taking a healthy drink—about half, I’d had to choke the burning liquid down. Not my favorite. It was whiskey and nothing as fancy or smooth as the liquors of my day.
As I had tried to fit in and make my drink last long enough to figure out what my next move should be, I had gotten a look at me in a large mirror that had hung opposite me behind the bar. In the dim light I could only really make out that I’d had brown hair and a full beard and had probably been in my fifties. The bartender had called me Phillip—no idea who Phillip might have been and it really hadn’t mattered. I had just been trying to keep my guard up and figure out if I could determine where trouble might come from because every night it seemed that all I could do was watch and wait. Last night, being bellied-up at an old-fashioned bar in a saloon, it had presented the perfect setting for trouble and finding trouble is always my bad luck so I could have predicted going in, that last night’s warp would not have ended well.
Taking another sip of my drink I had contemplated whether maybe I should have just finished it up and headed out of there. I hadn’t gotten the feeling that the guy was planning to leave any time soon though and I’d had no way of knowing if leaving might have been the wrong move to make. I’d had no idea if I had arrived at this bar on a horse or if any of those lined up along the street out front had been mine but I had known that getting myself arrested as a horse thief by riding off into the sunset on a horse that hadn’t belonged to this Phillip guy was not the answer.
I had taken the change the bartender had laid before me and used the task of putting it into the front pocket of my pants, to note that I wasn’t a cowboy or anything so glamorous. No six-shooters holstered and hanging from my hips. The guy looked as if maybe he had spent the day in the fields—noting that there had been black Iowa dirt under my fingernails and dusted over my brown leather boots. Maybe I had been walking beans and weeding fields all day? Hard to say for sure.
Aside from the four card players, there had been just one other man in the place and he’d been standing at the far end of the bar from me. He had been dressed in a white linen shirt and suspenders—his shaggy blond hair plastered against his forehead by sweat, as he had removed his hat and dropped it onto the counter, conveying that he had been determined to stay awhile. I had decided that I would likely need to keep an eye on him; maybe he would be the troublemaker just waiting for his chance to attack me.
“So anyway,” he’d said to the bartender, starting up a conversation that my arriving had apparently interrupted. “They say that seed prices will be doubled next year with the drought. Doubled and I didn’t even get the cost of this year’s seed out of the fields.”
“The conductor from the Northwestern came through the other day and the elevator couldn’t even fill the six cars. He said the same was true of Chicago and most points west of there and all the way out into Nebraska,” the bartender agreed with a nod of his head.
“If it doesn’t break soon—then next year I won’t have any livestock. I can’t afford to feed them,” the man replied sadly. “I sure hate the thought—I may need to sell off everything but my prize bull.”
I had quietly listened to their conversation and tried to consider what year it might have been. A drought had obviously been occurring and I supposed that I could have looked it up easy enough when I got home, if I had felt inclined to do so but it really hadn’t interested me enough to even care. I then had started to relax as this warp, to that point had been going well. I’d even put my booted foot up on the foot rail and leaned at the counter, feeling the tension in my back starting to melt away.
“Hand it over!” a man had suddenly shouted from the card table behind me.
“Here now,” the bartender barked.
I’d looked around to see a huge man with his hands over the pot at the center of the group of card players.
“Piss off, Evans! The pot is mine!” another man shouted and grabbed the huge man Evans’ hand, trying with all of his might to twist one of the guy’s fingers off.
Here we go, I had thought silently as another man had taken the side of the pot claimer and then—it was on. Like something out of an old episode of Gunsmoke, the table had been heaved up and overturned and coins and cards had been launched upward and then had fallen like rain onto the dusty wooden floor as the man Evans had barreled into the gut of the finger twister and the two had slammed to the ground. A younger man who had decided to take the side of Evans’s adversary also leaped into the fray as the bartender had reached under the bar for a billy club of some sort.
“Here now! Here now! None of this in my establishment,” he’d ordered sharply as he had waddled from behind the bar on hefty fat legs.
I had felt like I should try and break up the skirmish although the men really weren’t doing more than just rolling around on the floor in a blur of fists. No one had been tossed through plate-glass windows or hauled up and used to clean the bar, like in any self-respecting barroom brawl from the western movies and TV shows that I remember from my youth.
I had turned to take hold of the nearest combatant and was bent over grabbing the left arm of the man Evans as he had taken another swing, when I had felt a searing pain in my back and had heard a loud thwack as a piece of wood had been broken over me. The weapon had been a leg from the table that had been turned into kindling as the men had fallen onto it in their struggle.
I had collapsed to the floor under the power of the attack and rolled to my back as I had been jumped by the fourth man who had been playing cards. He had been on me before I’d had a chance to react and his hand had been around my throat and squeezing my airway to the point that I had begun seeing spots.
“We meet again,” he had hissed before I had seen the briefest glint of metal and then I had felt the knife blade entering my side.

***

I came from my remembering of last night as my exhaustion overtook me. I left the bathroom flipping off lights as I went down the hall to my room and climbed into bed. I had barely laid down when the phone rang.
“Please forgive me,” Torie began quickly.
My answer was a heavy release of my breath.
“Dave?” she asked. “Did you hear me? I love you and I’m sorry about tonight. I was afraid that if we stayed together that maybe we would warp.”
“Funny that you didn’t mention that at the time,” I growled. “What’d you do, need to use this drive home to come up with it?”
“I drove home thinking of what a fool I am.”
“You’re home? How did you get to Des Moines so quick?” I asked. I had been home less than an hour and with the additional drive time for Torie, going another sixty miles to Des Moines, it should have meant that she had, at minimum, another good hour on the road.
“I meant that I’ve been driving and thinking. You sound weird. Are you okay? Aren’t you going to forgive me?” she pleaded pitifully.
I couldn’t believe that she could think otherwise. She is my life and she damn well knows it.
“I forgive you,” I said with a resigned sigh. “Listen, we need to think seriously about you getting back to Hedrick. Why are you staying away? Have you decided that maybe Des Moines is a better choice? I’ll sell the house and we can start looking.”
“You would sell the house? No, Dave,” she said with finality.
“Then we can keep it and still move. I’ll move wherever you want me to.”
“No, I don’t want you to be forced to leave.”
“You wouldn’t be forcing me. I miss you—I miss being able to give our daughter a kiss goodnight. At least with you in Hedrick I was able to see you both daily and now with this dragging out longer—kiss her for me when you get home, will you?”
“First thing in the morn—I mean, as soon as I get home,” Torie stammered.
“You were going to say first thing in the morning. Not tonight?” I asked suspiciously.
“Yes, tonight,” she said a little too quickly.
“Why are you sounding so weird now? Why are you all flustered? What’s going on, Torie?” I snapped.
“Not a thing. You’re just so determined to find something,” she snapped back.
“Well finding out that my wife is on birth control pills and then she refuses to make love to me and would rather walk out can cause a little suspicion.”
“So—what ? Do you think that I’m staying with Mindy so that I can mess around on you? Do you honestly believe that that could possibly be my grand scheme? Think about it, Dave. Does that make sense?”
“I’ll tell you what, sweetheart—nothing makes sense in this world anymore. Life doesn’t make sense anymore,” I growled bitterly. “Listen—let me go before we say things that we may regret. I’m tired and you need to have your eyes on the road.”
“Okay—I love you, Dave. You make my life worth living. If you will please be patient with me, I hope to be back in Hedrick within the week.”
“Sounds good,” I said. “Talk to you tomorrow.”
I hung up the phone and set it on the nightstand, rolling over onto my left side to keep the pressure off of my sore ribs and bruised back. I took a deep cleansing breath and closed my eyes but I couldn’t sleep. Some of the things that Torie had said just now were not sitting right with me. I got a strong feeling that she wasn’t on the road to Des Moines at this moment. She had said that she had driven home, as though she were already there. She had said that she would kiss Rose Lynn when she saw her in the morning, or had she? What had she said exactly? I can’t recall for sure but if she isn’t on the road to Des Moines right now—then where the hell is she?



Chapter 26


Torie
The next night

“Torie, I miss you.” Dave said right off the bat as I answered his call.
“Hey, honey. I miss you, too. I was just getting ready to call you,” I lied.
“Hmmm,” Dave grunted.
I rolled my eyes in agony. I could hear something that was almost an accusation in that non-comment.
“Are you doing okay?” I venture hesitantly. Not really wanting to give him an opening to bring up last night again but I will give him the chance to vent if he needs to.
“Why wouldn’t I be doing okay? Let’s see—my wife won’t give me a straight answer regarding anything about our life together—or lack of a life together,” he corrected himself. “I guess I’m doing as well as can be expected when that same wife prefers walking out on me instead of spending the night with me.”
“Dave…” I tried to cut in, to reassure him.
“Doing as well as can be expected after finding birth control pills…” he continued angrily, talking over the top of me, but he stopped mid-sentence and blew out a deep breath.
There it was—a whole crap load of hurt he’d spilled before reining it in.
“I promised myself I wasn’t going to rehash all of that again,” he said but more to himself than to me.
We had rehashed it already, earlier in the day and I had again apologized profusely but he was still hurting tonight. In spite of that truth, he let it drop.
“When am I going to see Rose again?” he changed the subject suddenly.
“I’m not sure, Dave. I’m too exhausted to think right now. I just got done doing a couple of loads of laundry and some writing and am going to be heading off to bed soon,” I lied as I pulled my car into the garage of my Hedrick house. I couldn’t close the garage door until the end of our conversation because he might hear the sound and recognize it for what it is.
“Did Rose go to bed good for you tonight?” he asked.
“Out like a light. She stays pretty busy during the day chasing around to keep up with Connor and Luke, so bedtime is easy here,” I said truthfully.
“I haven’t seen Rose for so long now,” Dave said softly and then demanded. “Tell me when I’m going to see you two again?” 
I hate that he is apparently deciding tonight to try a new tack by getting really demanding about seeing us but I am determined to keep things as they are for, with luck, only another few days. My staying in Hedrick is continuing to work well for Rose. She has hardly even noticed my absence because I’ve mostly been able to fit my travels within a normal night’s sleep now and I get back to Des Moines each morning at about the time that she wakes up; although the extra hours on the road to and from Davenport yesterday and the hours on the road to spend the day with Rose Lynn again today had sapped my strength. It had also left me with no extra time or energy for this man who I am missing so much and who is now resorting to practically begging me, just to let him see his own family. Ray has said that he feels sure that in just a couple of more days I will truly be warping at will and have a real handle on it. I am doing my part and diligently working toward that goal.
True, I am getting close but that is just the tip of the iceberg because after I am fully trained then we will still have so much more to accomplish; letting Dave in on the reality of our heritage and teaching him how to travel—and then Rosie also. Plus we still have to figure out what is to be done about Thompson and I’m glad that Ray is handling all of that mess, but still it all seems so overwhelming and such an impossible situation.
“How about you come to Des Moines tomorrow night for a dinner out with Rose and me, then maybe Mindy won’t mind it if you and I go out for a drink or something. Just the two of us,” I offer.
As I say it, I am thinking that this plan is going to eat into my drive time and will mean that I probably won’t get home to Hedrick until midnight or later tomorrow night because I will need to take a different driving route to get there afterward, in order to avoid seeing Dave on the road, as he heads back home to Fremont. I consider that I might need to spend the night in a motel in Des Moines tomorrow night instead, which will mean missing out on a night of training to time travel.
“Let’s do that,” Dave agreed. “We haven’t had dinner out together as a family in forever and stepping out for a drink at a bar, just you and me, even longer.”
“Okay. Well, you had better let me get going—I hear Mindy calling me. I promised her that before I call it a night I will help her with the wording on a flyer she’s writing for a hockey event,” I lied. I rolled my eyes at myself for my less than subtle excuse to end the call.
“See you tomorrow night, babe. I love you, Torie,” Dave said.
“Love you, too, Dave. Bye.”



Chapter 27


Dave

I touched the screen to end the call with Torie and looked down the tree-lined street toward Mindy’s house while slipping my truck into drive, heading down the block and pulling into the driveway before cutting my lights. As I climb out and head to the front door, I already know that Torie isn’t here. I had watched from a safe distance a block over and had been able to clearly see her truck when she had pulled out of the drive more than an hour ago. I’d pulled to within a few houses and then had kept my eyes on Mindy’s place, watching and waiting for Torie to return but she hadn’t and now she had just lied to me for a frickin’ ten minute conversation.
Mindy answered the door with an expression of surprise, not at just having someone ringing her doorbell at 10:00 p.m. but having that someone be me. I had to go through all of the pleasantries before I finally asked to have Torie step outside for a moment to talk with me.
“Umm…” Mindy stammered and I could almost see the wheels turning in her head as she tried to think of something to say that wouldn’t sound like a lie. “Torie had to run to the store to get some milk for me—oh and she was going to stop at the post office and drop off some mail on the way back.” She seemed to be tossing that last bit in, spur of the moment, for good measure.
“Uh huh,” I said. She could tell I wasn’t buying it for a minute. “Mind if I come in and wait?”
That totally threw her. What did she think? That I was going to drive sixty miles and then just accept this bullshit about Torie being out and drive back home? She knew that I had caught her in a lie. I could see that she was caving as she ran a hand over her mouth in nervous confusion and started biting on the tip of her pink-polished fingernail. Instead of letting me in, she stepped out onto the lighted front porch and closed the glass storm door behind her.
“Dave,” she began, giving up the ruse. “Torie isn’t here and she won’t be back until tomorrow morning.”
“I know she isn’t here—I watched her leave nearly two hours ago and I just got off of the phone with her and she lied about being in your house right this minute. Where is she, Mindy?”
Mindy crossed her arms over her chest and began pacing back and forth in front of me.
“I gave her my word that I wouldn’t tell you,” she gushed in a long breath, shaking her head. “I can’t break my word, Dave but I will tell you that it isn’t anything bad.”
“Okay,” I ground out, watching Mindy make another lap across the expanse of the porch. “If I guess and get it right will you confirm it for me?” I asked tightly and was pretty ticked off that she was standing between me and my wife because of a childish promise.
Mindy rolled her eyes at me. “We aren’t frickin’ teenagers are we?” she laughed seeing the stupidity of this dilemma as she came to a halt before me. “I’m sorry for acting like we are. She’s been staying at her house in Hedrick, Dave. She told me that she has something that she must do and she made me promise not to ask her any questions and I haven’t. I don’t know why she’s staying there but she’s back every morning before Rose wakes up—most days.”
“Now I’m going to ask you to do me a favor Mindy and don’t call her or tell her that you saw me here tonight. Would you do that for me?”
She lifted her arms and let them drop to her sides in resignation. “What the hell—sure, I suppose more secrets and lies heaped on won’t matter at this late date,” she said with exasperation. “But at some point—I need someone—to tell me something!”
“I promise you that by morning—with a little luck, I’ll get to the bottom of this and you won’t need to keep any secrets for either of us anymore. How’s that sound?” I asked with a smile and a light touch to her shoulder.
“That sounds good to me,” she agreed and gave me a smile.
“Thanks, Mindy,” I said and turned to go.
“Good luck, Dave,” she offered as I walked down the front steps.
“Thanks—take good care of my Rosebud,” I said over my shoulder.
“Always do,” she assured me.
I climbed back into my truck and started on my way back to Hedrick and I am determined that before this night is over, I will find out exactly what the hell this is all about.

***

I turned on the light as I entered Torie’s bedroom and stopped just over the threshold to gaze at her still form upon the bed and I took a moment to simply savor her beauty. Her long auburn hair was spilling over her pillow like a waterfall and her hands were folded across her stomach. Her delicate features were smooth and still—she looked like an angel. The sheets were drawn up close about her body and she appeared to be in a very deep sleep but I felt pretty confident that she was not sleeping at all—she was time traveling. That stillness made it obvious to me and only her slow and regular breathing gave any indication that she was even alive.
I turned off the overhead light again and moved to the bed, sitting next to her as I turned on the bedside lamp and slipped off my shoes. I lifted her hand to my lips for a kiss before looking at the clock—11:30 p.m. Chances were that she was in the middle of a warp and would be gone for hours yet.
I noticed that she had placed a few pictures beside her on her nightstand and I lifted them to take a look. They were pictures of Lucy, Molly, and others. She also had a newspaper clipping laid out—it was the obituary for Carrie Aldridge’s great aunt Edith Brooks who had passed away about six months ago. Torie had met her at the cemetery one Memorial Day a few years back and they had enjoyed a friendship until her death. During that cemetery chat, Edith had told Torie about her grandaunt Lucy’s death on a cold winter’s day back in 1948. After that day, Torie and Edith had gotten together every few weeks for lunch and to talk about family history.
It started to all come together for me as I picked up a spiral notebook from the nightstand and read the notes that Torie had written. The date at the top was from back in 2013 when we had first met Edith at the cemetery. Torie likely had jotted it all down as soon as we had gotten home that day. It was a detailed description of her grandaunt Lucy’s death—she had written down every tiny bit of the detail. I picked up a couple of other photographs from the nightstand and turned them over to read the names of Lucy’s daughters, Mable and Reva. I can remember Edith saying that they had also been present on the day that Lucy had died.
It made me begin to wonder, did Torie think that she could somehow get to a certain warp by concentrating on it or something? It seemed as if she had a plan going on here. I only wish that she would have trusted me enough to share with me whatever the hell has been going on in this house every night.
She damn sure will be telling me as soon as she gets back, I determine silently. Enough with the lies and keeping things from each other.
I decided that if I was going to stay up to confront her, I needed to make myself some coffee and then after I had the coffee going, my stomach growling loudly convinced me that I needed to make myself something to eat because I hadn’t stopped for dinner before staking out Mindy’s house. I made a simple omelet and then with it, along with a warm cup of coffee, I returned to Torie’s bedroom and turned on the television, surfing for something to watch. I knew that if I were to lie down beside her, I would end up drifting off and I could almost guarantee that if Torie was warping in this house, then I would also and I did not want to deal with a time warp tonight.
So instead and with the television on as background noise, I grabbed up the spiral notepad and sat in an easy chair across the room from the bed, putting my feet up on an ottoman and clicking on the reading lamp. Torie had a lot of notes in the tablet—stories actually, and in her own handwriting but with a lot of uncharacteristic scribbles, with many stops and starts. Some entries had stars next to them while others had notations such as NO! or men’s names underlined with angry red lines—it was all very complex and each page of the tablet only served to further confuse me as I tried to figure out what my brilliant, scheming little wife has been up to.
After a few hours of reading her notes, having downed three cups of coffee and watched about six sitcoms, I decided to just lay down beside her for a little while. I turned off the TV and then turned on the radio at the nightstand and tuned it to a music station. I felt pretty sure that I could keep from drifting off—what with all the caffeine circulating through my system, so I stripped down to my underwear and stretched out comfortably beside her.
“Torie, baby,” I whispered, taking her hand and kissing it gently. “What is this all about?”
Suddenly, as I was gazing at her lovely profile, I was shocked to see a dark trickle of blood run out from the corner of her mouth. I quickly used my fingers to catch it and then sat up and grabbed a tissue from the box on the bedside nightstand and wiped my hand and then finished cleaning the blood off of the corner of her mouth. I couldn’t tell exactly where the injury had occurred, but within just a few seconds, her lower lip puffed up slightly. Then I got a sick feeling in my gut as, while I continued to observe the swelling emerge—all at once and as if by magic, the smudge of a dark bruise in the shape of a human thumb blossomed across her delicate cheekbone. It could only mean one thing—she has met up with someone in the past and I have a sinking feeling that I know who it is.
The stillness of Torie’s warp is so complete—the injuries she had just received seemingly unknown to her. I lightly kiss her fingers and hold her hand to my chin as I lay back down beside her, helplessly keeping watch over her.
“Where are you, Torie?” I whisper softly. “What are you doing and what is happening to you?”



Chapter 28


Torie

“I’m going to show you a nice private spot out back,” the man hissed.
I tasted blood in my mouth and knew that he had opened a small cut on the inside of my lip from roughly halting my call for help with his thick sausage-like fingers. It was so shocking how this man who now had me in his clutches had seemed perfectly normal, until just a couple of moments ago. It seemed to me again, as if Thompson somehow stood watch somewhere, always waiting for me. I was afraid that I was going to vomit as he pulled me up closer in front of his body because he stunk to high heaven of sour perspiration. His hand that he held firmly over my mouth stank also, of grain, tobacco and something else—maybe pig shit. Disgusting! My arm was being painfully wrenched behind my back as he tried to hustle me toward a side door. I closed my eyes and concentrated, trying to envision my quiet control room, see my home port, anything. My focus again was my downfall and I was again allowing him to pressure me into an inability to escape.
This current scary and painful situation that I am trapped in had not been where I had intended and was particularly disappointing. I had been attempting to arrive at the warp which had occurred on a cold wintery day back in 1948—December 20th, Lucy’s date of death. I’d hoped to inhabit Lucy’s sister Molly or one of Lucy’s daughters who had been present that day and this has been more than my first attempt to try and get there and it has continued to prove to be elusive. I feel sure that if I could just get there, that it would become one of my most treasured warps because it had involved so many people who I love, including a young Edith Brooks. There had been no men present at Lucy’s death and so I felt sure that I would be able to safely experience it. I had popped into several warps in error and had easily retreated out of them and on to another until this one that I appear to be stuck in. Damn it! And just when I think that I am getting so proficient.
I had arrived at this grain elevator just west of Fremont and on the outskirts of Oskaloosa about mid-day—the timeframe likely around 1910 or so. I had decided this after experiencing the butt-numbing jostling of the bench seat of a buckboard, riding on hard steel and wooden wagon wheels over rutted gravel for more than an hour. The other clue was my traveling companion, my granduncle Robert Mills who had appeared to be probably in his late thirties. He, being a lone man was not a good situation for me to be in, but my being stuck in the warp had started during that ride. I’d tried to temper my fear by reminding myself about my theory that I would be safe with family, and he being my blood relative should mean that I would be fine. Besides, I’d had no choice because I had been unable to see any way out, no portals—nothing!
After a time, I’d begun to relax when nothing bad had happened and then I’d begun taking notice of some of the details of the warp. I’d decided that I was probably one of Robert’s daughters; he’d had several and all born within a few years of each other, so I wasn’t exactly sure who I was but I knew that I was probably in my mid-teens, considering my overall appearance. My hair was up in a bun and beneath a bonnet, not down as a younger girl would wear it during this time frame. Further evidence was simply observing the size of my hands, feet and the outline of high perky breasts, hidden beneath a modest summer dress of beige cotton.
I had recognized my granduncle Robert immediately upon my arrival. He was the oldest of my grandpa Arlan’s siblings and my own dad had been named for him. Robert had been quiet and preoccupied during the drive and I hadn’t been able to draw much information out of him, so after he had resisted all my best efforts to strike up a conversation, I had stopped trying and had just busied myself with enjoying the scenery passing by.
When we had pulled into the drive and passed a large black and white sign that read Goehring Seed and Elevator, Hans Goehring, proprietor, Robert had brought the horses to a stop at the front office and had helped me down from the buckboard just as a man had stepped out of the door.
“Mr. Mills,” the man had greeted Robert.
“Mr. Goehring, good day,” Robert had returned and nodded his head toward me. “Go along inside now, girl, and wait for me.”
I had been very uneasy about being separated from Robert but like a meek and obedient daughter, I had followed his instructions, heading toward the small white-washed office. I had paused as I’d held the door handle and glanced back over my shoulder at Robert to see him shaking the outstretched hand of the elevator owner and then he’d said to me as they’d started away, “I’ll be right back.”
As I had opened the door and stepped inside, I had hoped that I would find perhaps a woman office worker or maybe several people inside—safety in numbers, you know. I had been immediately leery of the lone male employee standing behind the counter working at filling paper bags with some kind of specialty seed mix. He had turned around as I had closed the door.
“Good day, Miss Mills,” he had said politely with a nod.
“Good day,” I had replied as he had gone back to his task. I’d removed the bonnet from my head, letting it hang behind me by the strings tied around my neck and had patted my hair into place while I’d continued to cautiously watch the man out of the corner of my eye. It had all seemed perfectly normal and the office was a typical elevator office, at a typical grain elevator, the same kind of arrangement that can still be found in current times in small towns all over Iowa.
I’d tried to temper my fear and look for the portals in order to exit out of the warp. I’d let my eyes scan the room, trying to internalize the scene and visualize it from the traveler’s perspective just like in the training illustrations—but when stressed, it is no easy feat. It should be as natural as any other skill learned from childhood, like riding a bike or swimming; but of course, I am only weeks into any true instruction. Kinda like leaving a toddler all alone in a kitchen full of sharp knives.
I had failed miserably in my attempts to find a way out and as the man had suddenly dropped the metal scoop to the floor with a clatter and had dashed from behind the counter toward me with a sureness like picking out a well-known acquaintance in a crowd, all I’d had time to do was to think internally, Oh, shit!
So now here I am again, at the mercy of Thompson, who is pure evil and knows nothing about mercy, as he is hustling me toward the side door which leads out of the office and on toward the recesses of the elevator, where he will be able to find, undoubtedly, many private places amongst the grain bins and sheds of the large complex.
As we were struggling and I was trying desperately to stamp on his toes with my heel, suddenly the side door was yanked open forcefully from the outside and Thompson released me quickly, so quickly that I nearly stumbled but caught myself by grabbing ahold of the door frame.
A huge bear of a man, probably in his fifties and dressed in dusty work clothes, with skin that was weathered and wrinkled from the sun—completely filled the doorway. He had the sheen of heavy perspiration on his face and neck and his dark brown curly hair was sticking to his forehead. He used the back of his forearm and the rolled up sleeve of his blue cotton shirt to wipe the sweat from his brow and then stood staring at Thompson with a strange look on his face, almost as though he was searching his eyes for something.
“Homer, you go see about unloading that wagon that just pulled up at the south bin. Boss wants that grain stored before sundown,” he ordered gruffly.
Thompson studied the man carefully, as if sizing him up but then he nodded and pushed by him and out the door. This newcomer didn’t have any idea but he was my hero—no my super hero!
“Are you okay, Miss?” he asked politely. “Can I help you with anything?”
“I’m fine,” I answered quietly.
It was a curious and odd thing for him to ask. The man Homer had released me before this man had gotten a good look at us so why would he ask such a question? I remembered my cut mouth just then and wiped at the corner self-consciously. Was the injury obvious? Maybe he was able to tell by my expression that I am upset. Or could it be Ray or someone else from the future sweeping in to rescue me? I really didn’t think it was Ray because he would say something to me. This could be a traveler but it wasn’t my mentor.
“I’ll stick around until someone else comes,” he offered and looked shyly away from my eyes.
“Could I have your name?” I asked as I followed him across the room where he took up a broom and began to busy himself with sweeping the floor. His sudden change in demeanor, becoming more reserved, struck a chord with me.
“Umm—my name is…” he stammered hesitantly.
The front door swung open just then and the elevator owner followed closely by Robert, stomped in.
“Rem, please go and load a barrel of sorghum and two large bags of the special blend for Mister Mills,” Mr. Goehring ordered, heading around the counter as he took up a pad of sales slips. Robert dropped his flat brimmed hat on the counter as Mr. Goehring continued telling him some story about a bull he had seen up for sale recently.
Umm aka Rem, stood the broom in the corner and turned, heading quickly out of the front door to do the man’s bidding. Why would the guy have stammered around instead of just giving me his name? I wonder silently as I watch him go. It must be a traveler and I have a sneaking suspicion about who it is. I mumbled something to Robert about waiting in the wagon and hurried out the door after the man. He was moving briskly across the dusty gravel drive, heading toward one of the nearby storage barns.
“Hey!” I called.
He stopped reluctantly and turned back with a guarded expression.
“Yes,” Rem inquired, very clipped and aloof.
I walked up to him and just stood there staring into his dove-gray eyes for a long moment. I had an almost certain inkling that it could be Dave. I had been wondering for some time whether Dave had been traveling over this last year and keeping it from me. Stupidly, I just blurted it out without thinking that I could possibly be wrong.
“Dave. It’s me—Torie.”
The man blanched and his expression looked as if he were choking on something before he blurted hoarsely, “Torie? What the hell!” In obvious shock, he snapped his mouth shut.
He turned around, intending to flee toward the barns, while my mind started churning and leapt into overdrive. Not Dave—definitely not Dave or he would have admitted it, I feel sure. He had never denied being in a warp with me before so he wouldn’t do so now, would he? But whoever he is, he most definitely knows who I am!
Rem—Rem—Rem. With lightning speed I zoomed, mentally, through my family tree, leaf by leaf, branch by branch. Then like flashing through the frames of an old home movie, my mind took roll-call of all of the old families of Fremont, all of those buried in Cedar. I considered every family member that I have any information on and their many stories which I have saved inside my head. Rem could possibly be part of a last name, maybe a meaningless nickname or maybe a shortened first name. Short for what? I ponder quickly. Rem—maybe Remy? Remus? Remington? Remington—as in Remington Allman? Jeff Allman’s great-grandfather! I form my theory in the time it takes him to turn and take one quick step, heading away from me.
“Jeff!” I bark quietly but sharply.
He stopped dead in his tracks and whipped around. I am right! I could tell by his shocked expression before he quickly hid the truth. ‘Travelers guard their secret jealousy’ Ray had told me once. Jeff Allman had just committed the biggest time warp sin—he had shown his hand.
“Eunice!” Robert Mills called from behind me.
Jeff looked over my head and I turned to see Robert standing next to the wagon, motioning to me. Without any choice, I gave Jeff another long hard look and then turned to join my father.
I climbed up into the buckboard and Robert turned the wagon to the direction that Jeff was heading. He drew the wagon up beside the barn door and Jeff disappeared inside and returned with a large wooden barrel and slid it into the bed of the wagon. After another trip into the dim, dusty building he returned again with two bags of feed, one balanced on each of his broad shoulders until he heaved them off of his shoulders and dropped them into the wagon. I turned in my seat and studied him while I lifted my bonnet, adjusting my visor and tying a bow loosely beneath my chin. The man Rem stared at me, straight in the eyes, before calling a thank you to Robert and then we lurched forward and out of the elevator drive, turning east for the trek back to Fremont.

***

I returned with the usual jolt that always accompanies the end of a warp, as though my entire body has been dropped suddenly from the top of a tall building or like when Dorothy’s house had suddenly come to a hard landing in the Land of Oz. Not usual? Opening my eyes to find the love of my life glaring down at me with an intensity that is like an icy bucket of water hitting me square in the face! My mind went totally blank as if it had just short circuited—I didn’t have any lies at the ready. I wouldn’t have thought in a million years that I would awake to find Dave in my bed and I had zero explanation for him as to why I am in my bed here in my Hedrick house. My brain just turned to sticky goo and chugged to a stop. All of my mental file cabinets, cubbies, and compartments where I’ve been storing all the lies that I’ve been telling and to whom, just kinda gooped shut, slathered with sticky brain sludge—while Dave’s icy arctic-blue eyes refused to let go of me.
That is until his perfectly cut, naked torso loomed invitingly right before my sex-starved eyes and not even his anger could keep my gaze from lowering to admire all that wonderful rippling manliness that is him—his broad shoulders and powerful arms, impossible to resist. I decided to go to every woman’s tried and true standby—distract him with some hot and dirty sex. I tried to weave my fingers through his hair and bring him to me for a kiss but he shut me down—grabbing my hands and halting my advance.
“You’ve been lying to me, Torie! For how long?” he demanded.
“I—I…” I began and then desperately tried another tack. “Why are you in my house? Why are you in my bed? And how did you know I was here?” I demanded just as forcefully.
“I’m asking the questions!” he reminded me gruffly but then being the wonderful guy that he is, his voice softened as he admitted. “I staked out Mindy’s house and I confronted her after we ended our call. I have been waiting for you all night.” He glanced at the digital clock radio on the nightstand. “For eight frickin’ hours, Torie! What the hell?”
I pulled my hands from his and ran them over my face. Then with a heavy sigh, I sat up and tossed the covers off of myself and squirmed out of bed, pacing the room as I attempted to think of something that I could say that would pacify him. I pulled my fingers through my hair and then shook out my hands to release some of my nervousness while I paced.
“I gotta go to the bathroom,” I announced and headed for the door.
“You’d better not be stalling to try and think up a lie, Torie Lee Mills Cameron, or I may just have to kick your butt,” he warned menacingly from behind me, without convincing me that I was in any danger of being man-handled by him. I hurried out of the room.

***

I returned a few minutes later and had not thought of a damn thing that would sound even slightly plausible in answer to his question or any way to explain my situation—me being here in Hedrick and not in Des Moines.
What the hell, I decided silently as I reentered the room. I turned on the overhead light and came to stand beside the bed, wringing my hands together and trying my darndest not to hyperventilate. Dave had sat up in my absence and was perched on the edge of the bed waiting patiently for me to begin. He looked calm but determined to wait all day if necessary as he folded his arms over his bare chest.
“Spill it,” he demanded.
“Okay, here’s the thing,” I began in spite of my trembling inside and out. I took a deep breath and then worked my boxers down until they fell from my hips, letting them drop to the floor. I held my tee shirt up above my waist and in just my bikini panties allowed him to get a good look at my lower body. Dave’s eyes travelled down until they stopped on the black and blue bruises which are very distinct. I propped one of my feet up on the bed so that he could get a better look. All ten fingers of the man who had attempted to rape me a couple of days ago were still visible on both of my inner thighs. The bruises had faded to a repulsive mixture of black, blue, green and yellow.
“This happened two days ago. This is why I walked out and left you alone in the hotel room that night. If you would’ve seen them a couple of days ago, you would’ve totally freaked.” When he starts to object I say with certainty, “Dave, you would have. It was pretty bad.”
“What the hell!” he ground out reaching out to touch my thigh. “Torie, who the hell did this to you?”
“Dave, it isn’t what you think. It was no one in this world. I’ve been staying here in Hedrick every night while Rose stays with Mindy in Des Moines. I started traveling again just a few days after Thompson died. Rose traveled, too.”
“Rose,” he whispered.
“She’s okay. She’s safe for now in Des Moines and isn’t traveling. Being separated from her has bought us some time which is why I’ve been staying here alone at night—and warping. The night when Rose and I both traveled, I was attacked by a man. These current bruises are from him as well.”
I took another deep breath and pulled off my tee shirt.
Dave stared at the dark teeth-shaped bruises on my torso.
“Oh my, God,” he moaned as if it was his pain, reaching to touch them. His hand lowered to the dark evidence of teeth marks on my ribcage while I continued.
“Two days ago was the first time that he had gotten ahold of me in,” I said and paused as I tried to think. “Several days and the reason is because my focus failed me—but for the most part, I have been kept safe and been able to come and go from the warps and avoid him, until just now.
“Focus? Come and go? Avoid who?”
“It’s Thompson, Dave—every time I travel now, he’s there—ever since he died. The warps started up for Rose Lynn and me the night before I left to stay with Mindy in Des Moines. I was actually in pretty bad shape physically the night that we all shared dinner with you at your house.”
Dave’s eyes snapped up to mine. “That’s why you were crying,” he said.
I nodded. “Thompson comes after me every time I travel.”
“Then why the hell are you staying here?” he demanded angrily.
“I have to—if I’m ever going to learn—I have to travel and besides if I recognize him I can usually get away. I try to avoid warps where lone men are present but if I get startled—lose sight of the portals—then sometimes I can’t get back out. Just now was another of those times. I was trying to get to Lucy but ended up back in the early nineteen-hundreds.”
“Portals? I don’t understand. Where did these terms come from? Lose focus? What portals? And come and go?—That isn’t how the warps work, Torie—we never had any control. There is no free will there remember? You are the one who taught me that,” he reminded me, bringing up our naïve discussions regarding what I had thought were the rules of time travel from years ago.
“It isn’t what we thought, Dave,” I said quietly as his eyes roamed over my body and he used a fingertip to gently touch one of the bruises. “I’ve been learning from a traveler named Ray Taylor who lives in Fremont and has been a traveler all of his life. He says that Thompson needs to be dealt with…”
“I know Ray Taylor. He’s a traveler?” he interrupted in surprise before his attention returned to my body.
I felt tears sting my eyes as Dave reached out to gently take hold of my hips and pull me to stand between his legs. Then his mouth was smoothing over the angry marks as he began placing soothing kisses across my body.
 “Oh babe, I’m so sorry,” he whispered.
“I need to tell you something else, Dave,” I quietly continued as I held his head to me, running my hands through his hair. I hesitated and he pulled back to look up into my eyes.
“Tell me,” he urged softly, giving me his full attention.
“I got the pills that you found in my purse—not because I don’t want to have your children. I’m afraid it’s something much worse than that. The night when Rose Lynn time warped, she was safely with my aunt Lucy but I was a lone woman at a farmstead and her husband was taken over by Thompson…” I paused and he rested his hands at the curve of my waist as he waited patiently.
“Just tell me,” he urged.
“The night of that warp I had taken a pregnancy test before going to bed and it had been positive. In the morning—I had gotten my period—after being violently raped as a woman named Mary, more than a hundred years in the past.”
“That son of a bitch,” Dave hissed.
“I’ve had so many close calls since then. Thompson uses sexual assault and rape to intimidate and terrorize me and I was afraid that if you and I were to become pregnant…” My voice trailed off softly before I stated with conviction. “I’m not going to let him take another baby from me, Dave—so I got the pills. If I have a lapse in focus like last night…” I paused as the rest of last night came flooding back and I gasped.
“What is it? What happened last night? I know that you had something happen to you. You had some blood on your mouth.”
“Dave! Jeff Allman is a time traveler!” I blurted.
“What the hell? No way!” he shook his head.
“I could almost swear to it,” I said.
“Did he have something to do with your mouth?” he growled protectively. I could see the promise of death in his eyes.
“No! No!” I quickly assured him with a shake of my head as I ran my tongue over the small cut on the inside of my mouth which I had all but forgotten about. “Actually he saved me. See I thought that it was you—I thought that you might have been traveling and keeping it from me, so I said your name and then said who I was and the man got all flustered and took off but before he could get away I called out, ‘Jeff!’ and he stopped and turned back. I could tell by the shocked look on his face that I had him. Then someone else arrived and I had to leave but that part doesn’t matter—I’m sure it was Jeff and he just happened to be at the right place at the right time. Even after weeks of training with Ray—I still am not one-hundred percent.”
I studied his totally overwhelmed expression. “There is just so much for us to talk about, Dave and I think we need to pay Jeff Allman a visit today.”
“Hell yes we will!” he said with conviction. “I’ve known him my entire life, Torie.”
“He’s probably travelled his entire life, Dave. If he has, then he is the master of his warps—not orphans like you and me.”
“Orphans?” Dave asked in confusion.
“That’s what Ray calls us. As far as he can determine, the last traveler in your direct line was possibly your great-grandfather Jacob because the platform…” I stopped. I could see a million more questions in his eyes, with those revelations.
“Can we talk about it all later?” I asked with a sigh. I wiped at my tears of relief and happiness as they welled up and Dave laid his head against my stomach and I wrapped my arms around his head, cradling him to me.
After a couple of minutes of us just holding each other, being quiet without words, he stood and lifted me into his arms and laid me across the bed.
“I’ve got things to confess to you as well, Torie. I think it’s time that we come clean about everything—enough with the secrets.” He pointed to a spot on his side and I realized then that it was a gash, covered with three flesh-colored butterfly strips.
I sat up quickly and put my hands around his waist pulling him closer to the side of the bed where I could get a better look.
“Ouch,” he said and sucked in his breath with a hiss. He turned to show me a large black bruise on his back about kidney level and I was shocked to see that in addition to that he had dozens of dark red stripes marking the remainder of the broad expanse.
“Oh my God, Dave,” I said and turned him full around so that I could see them better. I gingerly reached out to touch the lines. They looked like whip marks but they hadn’t appeared to have broken the skin although each one was outlined with old bruising of green and yellow.
“Those are from a few days ago. I was a young boy and he used a leather strap,” he said as I traced the lines with my fingers. “I’m just lucky that Thompson is a sadist but without any latent pedophiliac lust for little boys or it could have been much worse. I was totally defenseless.” He reached around to touch the large bruise over his kidney, “I’ve had several other encounters, ever since Thompson died and I had suspected that it was him and thought I was losing my mind for thinking so.”
“You’re not losing your mind—Ray says that Thompson somehow has become caught in limbo between life and death and…” I paused as I thought. “Wait, so you have been warping and keeping it from me?” I asked angrily.
He turned around and with a sheepish grin, pressed me onto my back and crawled into bed with me. He pulled the covers over us and put his arm under my shoulders, cradling me against him before he confessed with a heavy sigh. “Don’t be mad. I’ve been warping for over a year but I’ve kept it from you because I have wanted to protect you. The injuries have only occurred on my body since Thompson’s death though so I had a pretty good idea that it was him but no clue how he was accomplishing it.”
“So we’ve both been lying while trying to protect each other,” I whispered.
“Yeah—and apparently we’ve both been doing a pretty shitty job of it,” he said with a smile, then sobered and continued quietly. “I’m sorry I wasn’t there to protect you and the baby or Rose Lynn.” He wrapped his arms around me tighter but then loosened his hold quickly. “Oh, my God—am I hurting you?”
I snuggled closer. ”I’m fine. You aren’t hurting me,” I assured him and he let his arms encircle me more firmly again.
“Hey Ho” by The Lumineers began drifting from the radio and he tangled his legs up with mine, pulling me in close as we shared a pillow and gazed into each other’s eyes, softly singing the words to one another. I couldn’t help but smile because the words were so fitting and by the end of the song we were laughing and hugging each other tight. We still have a lot to go through but we have each other and I feel like we’re gonna make it—everything is going to be okay.
“You need to get a few hours’ sleep, Dave. You go ahead and I’ll wake you up later.”
“No. If I fall asleep I could travel and I’m not spending this day trapped in the past. How about you grab some clothes and we head to my house so that we can take care of Shadow. We can take a nice long hot shower together and go out for breakfast at the Finish Line. Then we’ll take a drive to Jeff’s house and have a little talk with him.”



Chapter 29


Jeff Allman lay in his bed, staring up at the ceiling. He rubbed both hands over his eyes before scratching the stubble of beard over his jaw and then turned to look at the bedside clock. He reached for his phone and scrolled through his contacts until he found Ray Taylor’s number and pressed call.
“Ray,” he began. He didn’t need to introduce himself because he and Ray had been close his entire life. “I have a problem. I made a huge mistake last night.”
“What happened—something to do with Thompson?” Ray asked with concern.
“In a way. I was after him and I was one jump behind him and caught up with him at the elevator in 1910. He was harassing a girl and I was able to get there in time and I could tell that she was a traveler but no one I knew…” he paused.
“So you were able to stop him and send him packing. What’s the problem?” Ray asked. It was obvious by the tone of his voice that he didn’t understand.
“Ray, the traveler was actually someone I know, but I had no idea that she is a traveler and by some of the things that she said I think that someone else who is close to me is a traveler, as well. I think they must be but why would she show her hand like that?” Jeff let out a huge breath. He knew that he was talking around the truth and not making sense but it wasn’t his place to reveal anyone as a traveler and he was bound by that unwritten law. It was almost as if his mouth couldn’t form the words. “I don’t understand why she revealed herself like that or why…”
“Jeff, I’m pretty sure that I know who you’re talking about. She’s an orphan and I just recently began teaching her. If Thompson was there, then I’m almost certain that it was her because he has been pursuing her. She is the one that he’s been after. I discovered this, weeks ago, but it isn’t my place to reveal to the community.”
“Well, now she knows that I was there. I totally blew it.”
“Only a couple of people know about her and it’ll be your decision if you want to reveal to her but we could sure use your help. Chasing Thompson through time isn’t the answer. We need to deal with him and plans are in the works.”
“I’ll need to think about this—it’s a huge decision and I can’t make it right this moment. Let me call you back. If you will be home, maybe I’ll stop by later today to talk.”
“I’ll be around. Stop over anytime.”
As Jeff hung up the phone, he rolled out of bed and headed for the bathroom.
Could he actually reveal to someone? he wondered silently.
He’d never done it before, never in his lifetime. He knew many travelers, but they had revealed to him. It would be very difficult for him to reveal to someone else. Most of the travelers that he knew, he had met years ago when he was young and his parents and sister had traveled—and what the hell! Could Dave really be a traveler?
Oh man, unbelievable, he thought as he stripped and climbed into the shower.

***

Jeff peeked out of the curtain at the kitchen window and then with a curse let it fall back into place.
“Damn!” he barked.
He finished buttoning his jeans and sat down on a kitchen chair to quickly slip on his shoes and socks. He pulled a tee-shirt over his head just as the dogs started barking and he knew that they would both be dashing down the long winding drive—per their usual. The dogs were always happy to greet whatever visitors might be coming to call. It gave the two of them an excuse to sprint headlong at a breakneck pace to see who could reach the newcomers first. Then they would both turn and run alongside, escorting the new arrivals and again making a competition of it, as they would lead the visitors to the house. No one would ever quietly arrive at his house as long as his Irish Wolfhounds were on watch.
Jeff yanked open the front door and waited just inside the storm door to watch the procession arrive. He knew that it would be Dave and Torie coming even before he saw the familiar black pickup truck and the trailing cloud of gravel dust. His secluded stretch of back road and long private drive were never arrived at by accident. Most people couldn’t see the house for all of the big old pine trees which formed a windbreak along the north side of his property. No—when people made it up the winding drive through the woods, it was intentional.
“Shit!” he hissed to his quiet house as he hurried out the door to greet them like he normally would. He had his game face on and he had already decided that he was going to lie. Deny, deny, deny would be the best plan of action. If Dave is a traveler then Torie had probably spilled to him about what had happened last night. It was her prerogative if she wanted to tell others about her gift, but he got the feeling, due to this unexpected visit, that she had probably already thrown him under the bus and Dave was very aware.
“Damn newbies!” Jeff barked aloud under his breath.
Torie was the first out of the truck and his two dogs, Cash and Ollie, were quick to greet her and take inventory of her clothes, searching for any hint of their dog Shadow on her person before checking Dave out just as thoroughly.
Jeff strolled off of the front porch and down the steps casually and whistled. With perfect obedience, both dogs dashed to him and heeled, one on each side of him, and then in unison, sat. Jeff crossed his arms over his chest and waited on Dave and Torie to approach.
“What brings you two out so bright and early?” he joked, looking at the late-morning sunshine before returning his attention to them.
“We need to talk,” Dave said giving him a glare that made Jeff think that he would probably like to clean his clock. He had little doubt now that Torie had provided Dave with the information.
“What’s up?” Jeff asked, slipping his hands into his jean pockets and unable to take the daggers Dave’s eyes were throwing; he glanced down at the ground briefly and kicked at the gravel drive. “Would you like to come in? I’m still having my morning coffee. I had a late night.”
“Yeah, I heard!” Dave hissed.
Jeff looked up and into Torie’s eyes and then saw that she was smiling like a Cheshire cat.
She knows she’s got me but does she need to gloat? Jeff thought silently with irritation.
“Jeff Allman, I love you!” Torie squealed and then she was plastered against him as her arms came around his neck and she stood on the tip-toes of her tennis shoes, hugging him tight. She gave his cheek a huge overly smacking kiss. “You saved me from what was likely going to be a very long and painful night. If he would’ve been able to get me out of that office and to some secluded spot…” Torie said with a shiver. It was obvious to all three of them what would have likely happened without stating it.
“Damn, Torie,” Jeff groused but returned her hug. “What if I say that I have no idea what the hell you’re talking about?”
“I’ll say that you are a big fat liar,” she said with another squeeze. She released him as Dave stepped up.
Jeff considered Dave’s extended hand for a moment before reaching out to shake it and Dave pulled him forward and into a brief embrace, slapping his back warmly.
“I should kick your ass,” Dave joked. “If I would’ve known, I sure could have used your help over the last year.”
“Not the way it works, Cameron,” Jeff said and laughed. “Come on inside. Let’s talk.”

***

“All these years,” Dave marveled as he jammed his hands into the pockets of his blue jeans and walked along the bookshelves lining the walls. He angled his head to read the titles along the spines of the dozens of family history books. “I can’t believe you’ve been keeping this from me for my entire life.”
Dave crossed the room to take a seat before Jeff and beside Torie in the chairs facing Jeff’s desk.
“Not easy for me, you know,” Jeff growled good-naturedly. “To have a best friend who didn’t have the gift and then try to have a friendship with you anyway. My mom and dad worried about me constantly. Worried that when we were little kids that I would accidentally spill the beans, but of course, I didn’t—I wouldn’t—ever,” Jeff said matter-of-factly.
“Is that why you’ve never seemed to find Ms. Right,” Torie asked. She reached to take my hand in her own and I kissed the back and moved our clasped hands to my lap.
“Do you have any idea what the odds are?” Jeff asked counting off with his fingers for impact. “Of one—finding someone with the right chemistry—two—who wants to live in Fremont, Iowa—three—on an ancient secluded farm with a tattooed animal freak—and four—who also shares the gift?”
Torie smiled over at Dave and said, “Pretty slim, but Jeff, none? Not one of the huge parade of women who have passed through this house and your bed?”
“A few locals from childhood are travelers, but now…” he shrugged before continuing with a heavy sigh as he crossed his heavily-tattooed arms over his chest. “I was just too busy out chasing tail and I missed the boat—so here I am.” Jeff looked about the room, indicating the house.
“Ever meet anyone who isn’t a traveler but who had all of the other elements?” Dave asked. “What about Diane or the one after her, Shannon?”
“Mixed marriages don’t work, Dave,” Jeff looked at Torie. “Just ask Cindy Thompson. Besides, I would rather be alone because even the weekends when I have company and go without the travels to take care of business,” he winked. “That’s about all I’m willing to sacrifice. Even when I’ve fallen hard for a non-traveler, I would never marry and give it up for them—no one I’ve been with up to this point in time, anyway. If I did meet someone, I could move out of this house, take up residence in a clean house without a platform and the travels would stop because I would be without a cluster, but if I married a non-traveler and then we had a kid who had the gift, then the travels would start up again anyway. No—mixed marriages don’t work and like Cindy Thompson’s life proved—it also holds the very real possibility of disaster.”
“Did you know about Cindy Thompson before I wrote the book?” Torie asked.
“Are you kidding? The story of those murders is told to all travelers who reach a certain age. Most kids get the sex talk from their parents when they reach puberty—those with the gift—in the Fremont area anyway—get told the story of Cindy Thompson and are cautioned about mixed relationships and what can happen if a traveler makes the wrong decision.”
“Frickin’ incredible,” Dave marveled. “Growing up, you never let it slip. You never let on at all.”
Jeff shook his head. “No,” he said. “Not then and never will.”
“If you haven’t found someone in all of these years, did you ever think of moving elsewhere, to another town where you could travel and maybe start over—you know, find someone there?” Torie asked.
“I could leave—I could move to Little Rock where my parents live—have them help me to establish my own platform there—but I don’t want to live in Arkansas or anywhere else. Fremont and this old farm are home to me—this is where I want to be. I just haven’t found my Torie,” Jeff said with a half-smile and a wink for Torie. “Maybe one day.”



Chapter 30


Torie

The front screen door opened and Ray Taylor stepped out onto his covered front porch just as we arrived. He walked down the steps to meet us at Dave’s truck as we three climbed out.
“Dave,” Ray said extending his hand.
“Ray, good to see you,” Dave said and gave his hand a firm shake.
“Jeff,” Ray nodded as Jeff came around the truck to join us. “Let’s all go inside. We have another who will be joining us but we can begin without them.”
Without further explanation, Ray turned for the house and we all followed him inside. Ray gestured to the living room as he headed toward the kitchen. “Have a seat. I’ll be right back.”
We all took seats on the leather sofa and I clasped hands with Dave and he gave me a reassuring wink.
“Now then,” Ray began as he entered the room again carrying an armful of the training tablets he had given to me previously. He set them on the coffee table in front of us. “David, these will be for you to begin training. The sooner you are trained, the more help you can be to Torie and the rest of us. We need to act soon because I got a call yesterday from a traveler who had met up with Thompson the other night and he said that he had received a significant wound. I won’t go into it all but Thompson’s desire to find you, Torie—is escalating.”
“Did Thompson say something regarding me?” I asked. 
“He was after the woman in the travel and he was described as acting like a wild beast and this fellow traveler came to the woman’s rescue. The woman wasn’t being inhabited by a traveler but Thompson had seemed sure that she was someone he was searching for.”
“Me,” I confirmed. “I agree that we need to act soon.”
“Yes you, Torie. In a way it’s a good thing because we’re hoping that his obsession with you and your family will help us,” Ray said as he pulled the armchair over closer to us and sat down. “What we elder travelers have determined is that we need to set a trap for Thompson in a situation that he will be unable to escape from until it’s too late. Surprise will be key. We’re still searching for a way to set that inescapable trap.”
“Ray,” Jeff spoke up. “So you’re looking for what, someone who is dying and on their death bed? And we will keep him there—how?”
“That won’t work because there would be no element of surprise, and no way to keep him in the situation until the end,” Ray said with a shake of his head. “It must be sudden and unexpected.”
“I was in a warp once,” Dave said. “When I was with a man who died in a car accident, it was unexpected and there were two of us in the car. If I could get back to that place—that is, if I were to ever have the skills do such a thing,” Dave said and patted the tablets on the table, indicating his homework. “Realistically though—I think that it may be awhile before I’ll be able to pinpoint any time or place.”
“Were there any women present who Torie could inhabit as bait?” Ray asked with interest.
“There were girls there but I never saw them because they were in a car and they didn’t stay—they drove off to find help. Maybe my being there would be enough to draw him in. He’s come after me more than once and he’s recognized me as myself several times. He even said my name once.”
“In the experience, the man who died in the car accident, what happened?” Ray asked, still considering it as an option.
“The men were driving on a rural country road late at night and the car went over the side of the road and down into a creek. The man drowned.”
“That does have the element of surprise. The driver died or the passenger?”
“The driver died,” Dave said.
“So you would need to be the passenger and assuming that Thompson was the driver, he would need to make the same mistake that the driver originally made. He’s cunning and I think that he would just exit the host and move on. I think that he needs to be preoccupied and his consuming obsession with the Mills’ clan might be enough to keep him off balance until it’s too late. We must find a situation which includes a woman.”
“I have doubts that I’d ever be able to find the experience again anyway,” Dave decided.
“We’ve considered several other such scenarios but most would not have enough of the element of surprise—so instead I’ve set the stage for something that will involve the sacrifice of someone from the past. In fact, it’s already in motion—unless we can decide on some other trap that is foolproof.”
Ray was looking at me as he spoke and I remembered him telling me a couple of weeks ago that they were considering a possible sacrifice. I had a sick feeling that it was going to involve someone from my family.
“Who?” I asked softly.
“Your great-granduncle, Peter Mills,” he said gently.
Dave and Jeff were both looking at me with question in their expressions. “He was the brother of my great-grandfather Henry,” I said.
“He’s a perfect candidate because he never married—had no children, and he has already offered to help,” Ray said.
I looked back to him with surprise. “You mean you communicated with him in the past? What do you mean by he offered to help? So was he a traveler?” I asked in shock.
“No,” Ray said softly. “He’s not a traveler but I did visit him last night. I told him that I was from the future and told him of the history of the Thompson line and that his brother Henry’s descendants are at risk. He offered to help immediately and I told him to expect more visitors in his future. If we accept his offer to help, then we will need to find a situation during his lifetime that will work. It must be a surprise—so many situations such as fires, floods, and accidents don’t have the element of surprise that we need.”
“Someone needs to just sit up in a tree and pick him off with a gun,” Jeff suggested and then added. “I’ll volunteer.”
“Jeff!” I snapped, shocked that he could think of such a thing.
“No,” Ray said with a shake of his head. “That could rewrite history and we have no idea what the result would be if Peter Mills were to be found dead and besides it would affect many other things. Who would be the shooter? You said that you would sit up in a tree and you would be inhabiting who, Jeff? Even if you could find a situation in the past that would work, such as perhaps your great-grandfather or an old uncle from a hundred years ago, out hunting and up in a tree stand who could pick him off—how would we lure Thompson in? Also it could quite possibly cause the shooter to be deemed a murderer, changing the course of that ancestor’s life and your own. No, that’s not an option.”
“But won’t Peter Mills be rewriting history?” I asked in confusion.
“Peter will be an active participant and we are hoping that he will simply be changing his actions on the day that we decide on and that it will not alter anything significant. It could though or it may not work at all,” Ray confessed. “We won’t know the consequences until it’s all said and done.”
“What are you thinking will be the consequences?” Jeff asked.
“Peter Mills may die or he may disappear from history because he will be doing something that was never his course in life. But then again, perhaps it will end as our travels always end—he may go on as though nothing had ever happened and live out his life, with no effect on his history or future whatsoever. Peter is aware of the possible results and is willing to accept the risk.”
“But for this plan you would do what? Use Peter as a host for Thompson and then use me as bait to draw him in?” I asked.
“If we can find the time and place it’s simply a matter of informing Peter to be there and of course you must be there.”
I started thinking through all of the time travels I have ever experienced. There is nothing in my family’s history that will work, I feel sure of that. Nothing in the history of the Fremont area and this must be where it takes place because Thompson is tied to this place. Then it suddenly dawned on me. I knew exactly what would work—oh my God! The abandoned well and the girls Coyle and Lindy.
“Ray,” I whispered. 
“What is it, Torie?”
“Ray, I think I may know of a scenario! I have the approximate date and time, I just don’t have the location. I have been planning to search for the location but haven’t found it.”
“What?” Dave growled. “Another secret you’ve been keeping from me?” 
“I’m sorry, Dave, but yes I have. I found a story in the Fremont Gazette a couple of weeks ago about that dream that I had the night before we left for our wedding reception in Vegas. Remember when I woke up and told you that I had warped and you convinced me that it was just a dream? It wasn’t a dream, Dave. It really did happen.”
“Tell me about it, Torie,” Ray interjected with interest.
“Back in late July of 1898 two small girls disappeared from rural Mahaska County and were never found. I know what happened to them. They fell into an old abandoned well and the well is somewhere northeast of town. I’ve found the plat maps but haven’t had a chance to go in search of the location so I don’t know exactly where it is or if the place even exists today.”
“Never found it, you say?” Ray was excitedly reaching for a pad of paper. “Can you give me more details about the location? What do you remember?”
“Actually, Ray, I have it all written down at home in Hedrick and I have the plat maps—I can run home and get you the info. I think that inhabiting one of the little girls would be a perfect way to draw Thompson in. He’s such a sick-o that I would bet money that he’d love to get his hands on me as a defenseless child.”
“He enjoys that,” Dave agreed, looking at me. The evidence that he is currently wearing on his back is enough to convince me.
There was a ring of the doorbell and Ray excused himself. “That must be the other traveler,” he said as he hurried to answer the door.
“Come on in,” he welcomed the newcomer as we all looked around to see who would be joining our little group. Carrie Aldridge smiled at me from the front door threshold before following Ray into the room. He hurried back out of the room and returned a moment later with a kitchen chair in hand and set it close to my side.
“Carrie, you?” I asked in shock as she settled herself beside me and took my extended hand.
“Dave, Jeff,” she said and nodded before answering me. “Yes. I’ve traveled my entire life.”
“Torie, Carrie has offered to help fine tune your skills and I’m hoping that you can mentor Dave, Jeffrey. It will be a much speedier process if each of them are given some intensive, one on one, training.”
“I had no idea that it was you when I offered to reveal to an orphan the other day. When Ray told me, I was in shock. I would love to help you in any way that I can.”
“Thank you,” I said as I squeezed her hand.
“So you’re a traveler,” Jeff said with a grin. “Fancy that.”
“Uh oh,” I said under my breath with a laugh. I could see in Jeff’s eyes that his mind was churning as he was considering how he could use this knowledge to his advantage.
“Carrie, we were just discussing a scenario Torie came upon that may work for our plan if we can get all of the details sorted out.”
Carrie looked at Ray with interest. “How can I help?” she asked excitedly.
After Ray had filled her in on the details and got her up to speed, he continued as he addressed us all. “What we need to do first is find that farm and the well you mentioned, Torie. If we can, then we can tell Peter exactly where to be. Torie, you said that you don’t have the exact date?”
“No, I don’t. The article I found was from the August 11, 1898 Gazette and the girls had disappeared approximately two weeks earlier, so I would say close to the end of July.”
“That would be easy enough to figure out. I can investigate tonight,” Carrie offered. “I should be able to check around old Fremont and from what you just described, it sounds as though lots of searchers were involved. I’m sure that the day they disappeared or shortly after—the town would have been buzzing with the story.”
“As for the well, Torie,” Ray continued. “I think that you definitely need to determine where it was located.
“Once I figure out the date I could try to find the girls and the well,” Carrie offered.
“Carrie, I don’t want you to go near the exact experience or location. Once you have the date nailed down we can wait until we’re ready to act. I don’t want Thompson to have any idea about that occurrence. Besides, you may be able to find the girls and the farm but as for giving Peter the exact location, I would rather we get it confirmed in the here and now. My hope is that the landscape will not have changed too much.”
“Torie and I will try and pin it down,” Dave decided.
Ray nodded his agreement. “So assuming we can pin down the date and find the farm and well—then we’ll need to provide the information to Peter so that he can be on the way to the same location at the same time that the girls are. We may need to reenact it in the here and now once we get the lay of the land so that we can fine tune the timing. It goes without saying that we need to do all of this quickly—within days—because Thompson continues to injure travelers and it’s only a matter of time before he succeeds in killing someone.”
We all nodded our understanding.
“Now, Torie,” Ray continued. “What this will mean is that Thompson will be following you to this location and you will need to somehow get him to fall into the well, just as the girls did. You will, of course, retreat to the future after he has been pushed into the well.”
I remembered that warp distinctly as he spoke. “If he catches up to me just as we approach the well—I remember that it was not visible until we were right on top of it because of all the tall weeds. It was nearly flush to the ground and was covered by a brittle old wooden platform. When it happened, the older girl tried to catch herself from falling down when she tripped on the platform and, unintentionally, she pulled her little sister into the well with her. It was totally an accident.”
Ray was nodding. “That has all of the elements that we need to make this work. The remote location, two small girls all alone, and an abandoned well. Perfect.”
“But then Peter could also be missing as of that day, right?” I asked.
“Possibly—assuming it does change Peter’s history, it could possibly have other consequences,” Ray said. “You need to be prepared, Torie, because perhaps his going missing on the same day as the girls will make him a suspect and he may be assumed to have kidnapped the girls.”
“Oh NO!” I gasped. “We can’t let that be. That would ruin my family’s good name. It could have far reaching consequences for my entire family. They could even run my family out of town.”
“We don’t know that,” Ray reminded me. “Torie, we have no idea what the result of this will be because it is unprecedented but we must do something. Your uncle Peter is the best choice because he is the only member of your family that fits and as for the little girls—we must have a female for you to inhabit,” he shrugged with a heavy sigh. “What other person in the town of Fremont would you rather it be? Would you want to take some other family’s loved one and possibly change that family’s history and risk their loved one’s life and reputation?”
“Of course not! This has to do with the Wyman and Mills lines and is our battle. You’re right, Ray—it should be Peter. I just hate the thought of him possibly being assumed a child molester or worse,” I said with resignation and added. “I want to spend some time with Peter before the plan. I want to get to know him. Is that at all possible?”
Ray nodded. “I can arrange that for you. You’ll have a few days until we get the plan ironed out. First on the agenda is to find the well and get Dave some training,” he said pointing to the study materials. “Jeff, could Dave stay with you tonight to give him time to study?”
“Sure,” Jeff agreed. “He won’t travel from my house if he stays for just a night or two.”
“Torie, you can stay at my house,” Carrie offered.
“But I want to stay with Dave,” I pouted.
“Just give him some time for some intense instruction with Jeff and it’ll help him—more than you can imagine,” Ray assured me.
“I need something,” Dave agreed. “I’ve been waking up bloody and black and blue too often recently—Thompson’s been kicking my ass. I need to know how to get out so that I’m not stuck in a warp and just trying to survive it.”
“Dave, you need to get some sleep. You’ve been up all night,” I reminded him with concern as I watched him yawn behind his hand.
“Torie, why don’t we let Dave crash at Jeff’s for a few hours and you and I can hang out. I need to do some shopping in Oskaloosa and we can stop at your house and grab your things for overnight and pick up all of the documents. We can have the guys meet us back at my house to go over things at about dinner time?” Carrie suggested.
“I think that’s sounds like a good idea. Jeff?” I asked.
“Sounds good,” Jeff agreed and Dave nodded his consent.
“It’s all decided then,” Ray said. “The four of you need to also either provide me with the maps so that I can figure out the exact location of the well, or…”
“We’ll handle it,” Dave interrupted.
“I’ll leave it to you then,” Ray said rising from his seat.
“We’ll be in touch,” I said nodding at him.
“In the meantime I will let Peter know,” Ray said.
“You’ll tell him of our plan?” I asked.
“Yes, but only what he needs to know for now. I’ll also prepare him for a visit from another traveler in his future so that you can spend some time with him,” he said.
I nodded. It was still mind-boggling to me, trying to understand how it would all be accomplished but I let it go for now while Dave took up his study tablets and we all headed out.

***

“Another beer?” Carrie asked, pointing to Jeff.
Jeff lifted his bottle and shook it to determine if he had any left. “Sure, I’m about ready,” he replied with a big grin.
“Could I have another?” Dave asked.
“Sure thing,” Carrie said. She looked at me, pointing an index finger at my empty plate. “More pizza?”
“No thank you, I’m stuffed,” I said but noticed that her attention was back on Jeff as she favored him with a little smile and relieved him of his now empty beer bottle, then she turned, heading to the fridge. I further noticed Jeff’s dark eyes gliding down her body, stalking her as she crossed the kitchen. It was so much fun to watch the subtle chemistry that was beginning there.
“That’s section four,” Dave said, tapping the plat map spread out before him on the kitchen table and drawing Jeff’s attention back to the task at hand.
We were all at Carrie’s place sharing some Casey’s pizza and cold beer while the guys figure out the lay of the land regarding the location of Allen Mills’ old farm. Along the top border of the detailed plat map was a header that read Cedar Township 74 North Range 14 West, of the Fifth Principal Meridian. I watched Dave jot down some notes regarding section four and was silently thankful that I had been able to hand this job off to him and Jeff. The maps were all teeny tiny print and full of lines, coordinates, and symbols—way over my head and I’m not sure that I would have ever been able to find what the guys were now zeroing in on; a small well, probably covering a total area of five feet around. I could see the basic lay of the land, but the miles of farmsteads were from tiny squares to large sections and it was quite difficult to tell what was what.
“Yes,” Jeff agreed, leaning over across from Dave as he accepted the beer from Carrie with a nod of thanks. He then grabbed up the legal description of Allen’s farm. “Now the northeast quarter of the southwest quarter.”
“Got it,” Dave said.
“And the west half of the southeast quarter of the southwest quarter,” Jeff continued.
“That would make it just northeast of the old Alderman place,” Dave said with dawning realization.
Jeff nodded his agreement before continuing, “Having a front on the public road RFD-1 of one-hundred and eight point seven feet and a depth of three-hundred feet with a dry well located two-hundred point four feet from the front of the lot.”
“Got it,” Dave said as he circled a small area. “See that little jog there and the fork? That would have probably been the Smith farm but it isn’t platted on this map. Torie, this is from 1910—do you have a 1900 map of this same tract?”
I thumbed through the images I had printed off. “This is copyrighted 1900 and similar but it says White Oak along the top,” I offered.
“That’s it,” Dave said and accepted the map. “White Oak is just north of and shares the township line with Cedar. Let’s see,” he placed the maps side by side. “Okay, here we go—I found the Smith place and…” His finger moved along the map to Allen’s farm.
“That’s it,” Jeff confirmed. “See that symbol? The round circle with a line perpendicular means dry hole.”
Dave circled the spot, and satisfied, dropped his pen to the table.
“I guess we’re all set then. All we need to do now is get on the road and start searching that area,” Jeff said.
Dave nodded with finality as he leaned back and took a draw from his beer and set it down. He rubbed across his eyes with the palm of his hands and then leaned over to kiss my cheek.
“Dave, we need to be heading out,” Jeff said. “Ray wanted us to go over some of those tablets.”
“And you have only slept three hours in the last thirty-six,” I added. “You must be exhausted.”
“I am,” Dave agreed with a yawn. “Let’s get this cleaned up and stop by to grab Shadow before we head to your place.”
“Sure,” Jeff said with a nod.
“We’ll clear this up,” Carrie said. “You guys go on. I want to see exactly where Torie is in her training before we turn in also.”
Dave put an arm around my shoulders as we all rose from the table and we walked the guys to the front door. Jeff and Carrie stepped out onto the front porch, giving Dave and me a couple of moments of privacy.
“Goodnight, sweetheart,” Dave said giving me a hug. “I can’t imagine getting some sleep tonight without warping. It’s gonna seem so weird.”
“Let me give you a warning,” I said gently stroking his upper back, careful of his injuries as he wrapped me up in his arms. “The dreams will seem more like nightmares.”
“I’ll take ‘em. Better than dealing with Horn-Rims,” Dave said using the disrespectful nickname he’d previously used for Thompson and he lowered his head to give me a gentle kiss.
We walked outside to find Jeff and Carrie waiting. Jeff’s fingers were lightly touching Carrie’s shoulder as his index finger was moving a lock of her long straight blonde hair so that it hung down her back. The caress was infinitesimal but spoke volumes to me. It was a warm gesture and the first test of being allowed into another’s space. It was very sweet and the warm smile Jeff received in return I’m sure was not lost on him. The guys walked down the steps, climbing into Dave’s truck and we watched until they had pulled out of the drive and we waved as they honked one last farewell before the dusty gravel road seemed to swallow up the vehicle.

***

After we headed inside, I gave a call to Rose Lynn and wished her goodnight and then I helped Carrie to get the kitchen cleaned up. Afterward we sat in the living room with a bag of Dove chocolates and our feet up on the coffee table, watching a little TV as we talked about my travels.
“I’ve made it to Des Moines and that’s the furthest I’ve been able to project from my Hedrick house,” I said with a shrug.
“Not bad,” Carrie said as she popped a chocolate into her mouth.
“How about you?” I asked.
“I’ve been at this my entire life, Torie. I really have no limits,” she said.
“Did you go to the beginning of your Aldridge line in Fremont? Were you able to travel from your home in Missouri—to Iowa, when you were growing up?” I asked.
“Oh sure, I was able to travel to Iowa with no problem. I can travel to England, to the beginnings of my Aldridge line back in the thirteen-hundreds in Staffordshire and Buckingham.”
“Oh, my God!” I choked out with a laugh. “Amazing!”
“I could go even further if I wanted to spend some time at it, and I do when I want to expand my travels. It’s endless, Torie. I doubt that you can even comprehend it at this stage,” she said and smiled with a shake of her head.
“What do you mean?”
“Every trip that you take—you learn more details from your ancestors that can lead you to other travels and then those trips will lead you further and deeper into the past and as a result expand your time travel world even wider—reaching out toward so many older generations and through history. Then, of course, you can always just wing it and travel indiscriminately, you know just pick a portal and go,” she said waving a hand indicating the heavens. “Personally I like controlled travels and choosing—while others may like the adventure of experiencing the surprise of not knowing where they’ll end up.”
“I’ve had enough of that to last me a lifetime, I think,” I said and laughed. “So, for example, when I was with my great-grandma Alice once and she spent the afternoon telling me of her life growing up in Ohio and her experience of coming to Iowa by wagon train—I could have used the information from that talk to find other travels?”
“Exactly,” Carrie said. “Maybe you could have asked her to tell you more details, certain memories that she may have had about her life in Ohio.”
“In the travel I was her daughter Lucy and we had a wonderful conversation but we didn’t get into specifics.”
“That would have been a natural spot to ask. Maybe you could have led the conversation in such a way, to have caused her to have the idea come to mind—to bring out a box of remembrances to share with you. It’s a process of gathering travels and logging them into a journal. The next night traveling to those times collected previously, and collecting more. For me it’s never ending because I learn some fascinating story from an ancestor that leads me farther back and deeper,” she said and laughed.
“I don’t know if I could get back to that afternoon with Alice but I recall that we had gone to church earlier and I know that I was a teenager in the travel,” I said. “I could kick myself for not taking more notice of the details that could lead me back there again now.”
“Let me show you something—come on,” Carrie said rising.
I followed her down the hall to a closed door and she flipped on the light switch as we entered. The room was once a bedroom but since she had moved in, had been converted it into an office. Book shelves covered three walls and at the center of one of the walls, stood a lighted glass and chrome display cabinet that had been in Edith’s living room prior to her death.
“I remodeled this room after Aunt Edith passed away. She had kept all of her journals in a closet upstairs and I wanted someplace where I could keep everything together,” Carrie said gliding her hand along the spines of a row of neatly labeled binders.
“Wow,” I whispered. “So you journal also, and Edith was a traveler and journaled throughout her life, just like Ray does and his wife Violet did?”
“Of course,” Carrie said matter-of-factly. “Always.”
“May I?” I asked. The binder that I had my hand on was labeled 1948.
“Sure.”
I pulled the book out and set it upon Carrie’s desk and opened it as I started skimming through the stories. The book was labeled with the months of the year and I turned to December of 1948 and thumbed through until I came to the story I was looking for and I sank into a chair at the desk as I read.
“Oh, Carrie,” I said softly. “Edith journaled about my grandaunt Lucy’s death. I had no idea that Edith was a traveler.”
Carrie joined me at her desk and pulled a chair around to take a seat at my side. “Yes, we traveled together often. Even after her stroke—before she had gone to the hospital and while she was there and all the way up to the end—she and I would go traveling together. I stayed a couple of nights with her at the hospital and established a platform for her. Then after that, we would meet every night to travel and it was amazing because in the travels she wasn’t debilitated. You know how she had lost the use of her right arm and leg and how her speech had become slurred?”
I nodded.
“It was incredible, Torie. In the travels she was able to move—speak, and be free as though she’d never had a stroke. I wish that every person on earth had the ability,” she said wistfully. “So many of those at the nursing home whose minds are still intact but whose bodies are broken or diseased—it would be my wish to give all of them the freedom that the gift provides. Can you imagine?” she wiped at a tear that had squeezed out of her eye as she spoke. With a deep cleansing breath she continued. “Edith had a certain travel that we would visit every night,” she said and stood, going to pull out another book and brought it to the desk. She thumbed through the tabs until she found a particular page. “This one.”
“Would you read it to me?” I asked.
“September 9, 1932,” Carrie began. “The day was warm and Effie, Emma, and I were harvesting some of the sunflower seeds from the garden,” Carrie paused to look over at me. “It was her early childhood home south of Fremont that she’s speaking of,” she said before continuing. “Emma was using a canning jar and had punched air holes in the lid and was determined to capture a honey bee. By the end of the afternoon she had failed to find even one because most of the summer flowers had lost their blooms and not one bee visited that day. We had a wonderful time talking as we worked at filling a basket with seeds. At the end of the day, mother warmed the oven as we girls sat at the kitchen table and shelled the seeds. Then mother roasted them and to a few she added some olive oil and salt before roasting them, as a special treat for us girls to share, for all of our hard work that we had put into the harvesting of them. The rest of the seeds were stored in the pantry and used for adding to greens and sometimes mother would sauté mushrooms and add sunflower seeds to the gravy.”
“That’s the type of day I would enjoy,” I said with a sigh. “Just the simple pleasure of being with family.”
“Me too,” Carrie said. “Edith’s sisters had both passed so we were able to inhabit them and we would spend hours just enjoying the day and talking.”
“Amazing,” I marveled. “So Edith was in the travel with a younger version of herself—couldn’t that have messed with her head?”
Carrie looked over at me quizzically. “Why would it?” she asked.
“Just being with her own self there when she was there.”
Carrie’s brows drew down, obviously perplexed. “Being a traveler all of my life, Torie, I’ve had many times when I’ve been in experiences with myself.” She closed the book and rose, placing it back on the shelf as she continued to explain. “It doesn’t seem odd when you’re raised in it. I never really notice myself much anymore except for a couple of times that are just so embarrassing.”
“Why?”
“Getting a look at some of my outfits when I thought that I was so cool and they were just awful—and the hair! Oh, my God! The mullets and big bangs hairstyles—ugh! My teenage years were not pretty,” she said and laughed.
“Can I ask you something else?” I ventured.
“Sure, anything,” she said.
“Aren’t there travelers who take advantage of the gift? That use it to hurt others—do bad deeds while in the past?”
Carrie gave me a blank expression. “What do you mean—Mark Thompson? He’s a freak of nature.”
“No others? Every traveler can’t be a perfectly respectable, good person can they?” I asked with a laugh.
“Yes, they are,” Carrie stated without hesitation. “Not perfect, but people who wouldn’t have any idea of living other than the best way that they can because they have so many other generations who are counting on them to live life well and leave a rich heritage with their passing. Only the compassionate, caring and loving of this world have the gift. I’m not saying that the world isn’t full of many wonderful people who do their best and live well without having the gift—that’s most of the world, actually—but the worst of mankind are not travelers. Every horror story that you hear, about people who do intentional evil, who are doing unspeakable sins to other people or animals, they are not our people.”
I thought of my grandfather James North as she spoke. I was happy to know that someone as evil as I had discovered him to be, had not had the gift.
I closed the binder before me and rose to put it onto the shelf. Then I just scanned along the rows. “So these are yours as well as Edith’s?” I waved my hand over the hundred plus binders.
“Yeah,” Carrie said and nodded. “I’m lucky to have these memories because since moving to Fremont I haven’t really made many new ones—not since Edith passed.”
I felt that part of that reason was because she had failed to get close to me because I’d been so closed off over the last couple of years.
“Well, I have a feeling that from here on out we’ll be making many memories for all of us to share,” I predicted.
“I think that you may be right about that,” she nodded and gave me a warm smile.
“She had loved these,” I said looking into the lighted display cabinet. Edith had told me stories about the collection, which had been in the living room previously. Carrie had moved it to a place of prominence in the center of the longest wall in this room.
“It’s amazing that Edith kept everything. I have one binder full of every card and letter I ever sent to her,” she said.
“My first lunch with her here she told me stories about every piece,” I said. “She cherished them and she was very proud of you. She told me that even when your life got busy after going off to college and getting married—that you had stayed close with her by phone and letters.”
“I tried. I loved to send her little things,” Carrie said and waved her hand over the shelves full of dozens of little figurines. “It was our common theme—sunflowers, and we tried to outdo each other for originality. When I was a child and would visit for the summers, we always planted and maintained a large patch of sunflowers in the garden, just like her mother had done during her childhood. It was always Edith’s favorite flower—and mine.”
The cabinet held Hummel children holding sunflowers, crystal sunflowers, Patina sunflowers, porcelain winged-fairies crouching behind bright-yellow sunflower bouquets and whimsical animals covered in sunflowers. Carrie pointed to several figurines that included colorful yellow and black Oriole songbirds.
“Edith loved that the sunflowers always attracted so many Orioles and she always left a large patch for them to harvest in her garden. Well…” Carrie said turning to me “Let’s get to some more of your studies before we turn in. We’re gonna have a busy next few days.”



Chapter 31


Torie

“Mindy, I can never thank you enough for everything you’ve done in the last few weeks.” I said as I took the last bag from her hand. Dave then took the bag from my hand and added it to the back of the Pathfinder.
“Any time—you know you are always welcome. I don’t know how the boys are going to live without her. She’s added so much fun to their days,” Mindy said with a smile. We both watched as the boys leaned into the back seat to give Rose Lynn a final high five.
“We’ll see you again soon,” I promised and I meant it too—thinking of everything that I had learned from Ray about making memories. “I love you, Mindy.”
“I love you, too,” Mindy said as we shared a hug. “Dave, take care. Bye, Rose Lynn,” she said and waved to Rose through the window as I climbed in and Dave closed my door, rounding to the driver’s seat.
“Bye, Rosie!” Connor called once more as we backed out and rolled up our car windows.

***

We had a quiet drive back to Hedrick. Rose Lynn was wearing her headphones and contentedly watching Finding Nemo while I tried to calm my nerves regarding the coming meeting with the traveler who will be Rose’s teacher. Rose’s mysterious mentor is to be at my Hedrick house when we return, in fact, Ray had informed me that while Dave and I were staying with our friends, the mentor had spent the night at my house, establishing a platform for themselves so that they will be ready to travel with Rose and Rose’s lessons will begin tonight. I am so fearful about who it could possibly be and what in the world they could possibly have planned, in order to train a two and a half year old how to time travel. What the heck could she possibly comprehend at her age?
“It’s going to be fine,” Dave said with a chuckle as he glanced over at my distracted expression. He took my hand to give it a kiss while keeping his eyes on the road. “Stop stressing. Now tell me what Carrie discovered. Did she nail down the date that the girls disappeared?”
Carrie had made several trips into the past last night while I had slept peacefully in her home without any warps and thankfully no bad dreams either. “Yes, it was July 27th, 1898. The day after they disappeared it was the talk of the town.”
“I wonder what day of the week that was,” Dave pondered.
“It was a Wednesday—I already looked it up. So it would have probably been an average, uneventful weeknight.”
“Yep,” Dave agreed. “Sunday was usually the biggest day of the week for most families when they would go to church services—pick up supplies and their mail in town and visit with friends and family.”
“What I can recall of the night they disappeared—there were crops out in the fields past the barn and the wooded area just beyond the barn,” I said.
“Hot late July weather and in the middle of the growing season,” Dave confirmed. “All the fields would have been six-foot high—full of corn. It would’ve made a search nearly impossible. Can you imagine all of the hundreds of acres of corn they would have searched around Fremont?”
I glanced into the back seat as Rose Lynn let out a giggle. “Mommy—Nemo,” she said to me when she noticed my eyes on her. She pointed to the screen mounted and hanging from the ceiling of the car and I smiled and nodded at her before turning back to Dave.
“Dave, she’s just a baby. How is she going to be able to do this?” I asked quietly.
“Ray said that the mentor will know how to teach a young child, Torie. It’ll be fine,” he assured me with confidence.

***

An hour later, we arrived at my Hedrick house where it had been decided that Rose will stay with her mentor, while Dave and I practice our traveling skills together at our home in Fremont to see if we can get a handle on warping at our home platform. Rose will join us in a couple of days and the mentor will continue to school her for a time at our house, as we all begin a brand new life—finally integrating into living as a family again—after more than a year apart.
We had barely pulled into the driveway when the front door flew open and to my shock Bev Martin, the young waitress from the Finish Line bounced out of the house. She was dressed in jeans, a tee-shirt and tennis shoes, with her long dark hair in a sleek mane down her back. I realized then that I had never seen her without her hair pulled up in a high ponytail and in her black and white work uniform. Now she looked every bit the youngster she still is. I had expected the traveler to be, I don’t know, a wise older woman because Ray had told me that Rose’s mentor was very experienced and seasoned. Bev was clapping her hands together and as soon as I was out of the car, she had me in a big hug and then released me and peered through the glass into the backseat and waved at Rose Lynn.
“Bev?” I asked in amazement.
“Me,” Bev giggled as she opened the back door. “Torie, you look so shocked.”
“I am,” I admitted. I glanced at Dave and he shrugged with a grin, clearly on board to believe anything at this point.
“Hi, Rose Lynn,” Bev squealed and helped her out of her car seat. “Are you all hungry?” 
“You fixed dinner?” I asked numbly. I was still reeling. “You didn’t need to do that.” 
“Hi, Dave,” Bev said and smiled shyly at him as he headed toward the house with an armload of our possessions. “Yes,” she said to me. “It’s all ready. I hope you don’t mind.”
“Of course not,” I assured her. I grabbed another of the bags while Bev held Rose’s hand and we all walked inside.

***

As we all sat down to dinner and enjoyed some of the best homemade lasagna that I had ever tasted, we talked casually about Rose’s time at Mindy’s house but before long Bev started leading the conversation toward time traveling and both Dave and I sat quietly observing and letting Bev and Rose Lynn talk between themselves. Bev had a way of speaking that seemed to draw Rose out. First she questioned her about when she was tucked in at night—asking her to talk about when she was falling to sleep and I knew immediately that she was trying to ascertain whether she had a control room, as Ray called it. I was curious to hear what Rose would have to say—being so young and with limited life experience.
“I like to think about Daddy’s house. My fort at his house is so high, high in the sky,” she told Bev enthusiastically and then offered, “I could show you my fort.”
“Maybe one day you can show me,” Bev said with a big grin. “That’s nice of you to offer, Rosie.”
“You could go in my fort,” Rose Lynn said and looked at me for my approval.
“Sure, honey. We’ll have Bev come and see your yard soon,” I agreed.
Next Bev turned to questioning Rose Lynn about her one travel that she had experienced. At first I wasn’t sure that Rose understood what was being asked of her because she hedged and tried to change the subject. Bev had to keep bringing her back to the questions and after several more minutes of getting nowhere with her, all at once Rose seemed to make a decision and soon began to describe to all of us, in minute detail, the experience of baking cookies with Lucy and her daughter Reva.
She didn’t have a big enough vocabulary to find all of the correct words but we were able to easily gather that she could recall seeing white glass mixing bowls that had yellow chickens pecking at seed that bordered the top of each bowl. She recalled the smell of the cookie dough. She recalled Lucy pressing the dough onto metal cookie sheets and even recalled Lucy giving her a little taste of the raw dough. The description tumbled out of her with ease and I was amazed that she could remember that time warp from weeks ago so well and with such fondness.
As she talked with Bev, I glanced at Dave and we both smiled. It was obvious to us as we listened in on their conversation, that Rose had a better understanding of the travels at her young age, than either of us do currently. She talked about the portals that she saw during that travel and she knew exactly how to get back home and to look for the blue spot. My way home is always a green-tinged portal. For Rose it is blue.
“See how much she knows. She already knows her way home—the luminous field or aura of her home port is blue,” Bev confirmed. “Rose Lynn, we’ll travel together and you’ll have more times with those people,” she promised and I got the sense that she really could make it happen for her.

***

After we had cleaned up from dinner, Bev brought out several tablets that were just as Dave and I had used for our training. Dave and I sat on the sofa in the living room while Bev took a seat, sitting cross-legged on the floor with Rose.
Bev turned to the first page of a tablet. “Rose Lynn,” she began. “Let’s show your mommy and daddy what you can do. Remember at dinner when we talked about the little secret spots of your travel?”
“Yes,” Rose replied.
Bev laid the tablet before Rose on the floor as Dave and I looked on. The drawing was geared toward a young child. It was an interesting scene of the interior of a red and white striped big top tent, with many circus performers in colorful costumes inhabiting three rings.
Rose lay down on her stomach, crossing her feet together, and flexed her legs at the knees as she studied the scene, with her chin cupped in her hand.
“Rose,” Bev said and paused until Rose looked up at her questioningly. “Show us what you see.”
I was also studying the drawing as I attempted to see the portals contained in the scene. I spotted one near the edge of a yellow-striped ball being balanced on the trunk of an elephant in ring number one. I could also see a portal near the exit of the circus tent and nearby was a slightly different one which was close to a support pole of the big top—it was the way back to the present. I continued to study the picture until I noticed Rose. She sat up and mirrored Bev’s position of sitting cross-legged and then she smoothed her palms over her skirt and placed her hands in her lap. She looked up at Bev briefly as if hesitant and then looked at Dave and me.
“It’s okay, Rose,” Bev urged. “Mommy and Daddy can see it, too.” Bev addressed me. “Notice that hesitancy—it’s instinctual. It’s the keeping of the secret. She’s already learned that her gift is to be kept for herself and guarded.”
“But she told me about her first warp just weeks ago and it came out easily without any hesitancy,” I said. “And yet at dinner just now, you had to draw it out of her.”
“So in less than a month and without any instruction, she knows it is a secret gift,” Bev said. “Incredible, isn’t it?”
I agreed with a nod. I know that I’d kept the secret to myself when I had first warped because I had thought that people would think that I was crazy. Rose was doing the same thing now, at less than three-years-old—instinctually.
“Go ahead, Rosie Posie. Tell Daddy and me what you can see,” I urged softly.
Rose allowed her index finger to hover over the page for a moment before she began pointing quickly to spot after spot without any pause as Bev counted out loud quietly.
“Ten, fifteen, twenty, twenty-three,” Bev finished and looked at me. “She found every one. There are twenty-three in this scene. Now Rose Lynn,” she paused until Rose looked up at her again with interest. “Which is the way home?”
Rose pointed to the spot on a support post near the exit of the tent.
“Oh, my gosh,” I said excitedly. “Rose that’s so good—good job, baby,” I said and clapped my hands for her and she did the same.
“Yay, Rosie!” Rose said.
“Would you like to do more?” Bev asked.
“More—more,” Rose nodded excitedly.
“Torie, how many did you see in that scene?” Bev asked with curiosity.
“I think that I saw about fifteen, including the home port.”
“Dave, how about you?” Bev asked.
Dave ran a hand over the stubble of his jaw and smiled sheepishly. “I got about ten but not the home port and a few of what I thought I saw—apparently were not portals,” he confessed.
“We’ll be studying more tonight,” I assured him.
“Now,” Bev said excitedly as she picked up the stack of teaching tablets and opened two more, turning three books in all, and all to different scenes and lay them on the floor, in a semi-circle around Rose; one directly in front and the others, just to either side of her knees.
“Okay,” Bev began. “Now I know children and traveling because I started at Rose’s age. Watch this—this will blow you away,” she turned to address Rose. “Okay, Rose. I want you to find all the funny spots on all three. Ready, set, go!”
Both Dave and I scooted more toward the edge of the sofa to try our hand at the same time and although we were looking at the tablets from the side angle I could see each one clearly. A birthday party scene with many children in colorful hats watching as a child at the head of the table blew out candles on a cake. The next picture was a Christmas morning scene with parents and several children opening gifts with excitement on their faces and gift wrap fluttering through the air. The third scene was of several children sitting in a circle with a litter of puppies frolicking and bounding between them.
Before I even had a chance to register what each painting was about, Rose’s little fingers were skimming like a blur across each book, pointing rapidly to portal after portal. Within less than a minute she was finished and looked up at Bev and smiled.
“Now, Rose, tell me which is the way home on each one,” Bev instructed.
Rose quickly pointed to a spot on each of the three scenes.
“My God!” Dave said softly. He looked at Bev. “How’d she do?”
“One-hundred percent,” she said with a laugh. “Isn’t she a superstar?”
“More!” Rosie pleaded eagerly.
Bev quickly turned each to a new scene and laid them before Rose.
“Go!” Bev said and let Rose begin.
This time Dave and I didn’t even attempt to participate. We simply sat back and were in awe of our daughter who was like a voracious beast; consuming the information with zeal. The quicker Bev provided the next set of images, the faster she consumed them.
At the end of the three books, Rose was still wanting more.
“She’s ready to travel,” Bev confirmed with a nod. “Tonight she’ll be discovering along with me and we’ll travel to several places from the past. I mostly want to take her to places where a young traveler like her will be safe, even if on her own. I have many places where I went as a youngster—I have tons of places to show her.”
“Are you sure she’ll be safe?” I asked fearfully. “How will you keep her from Thompson?”
“There are a few places in the past that I found where she will be allowed to go to, for now. I went through every album from those you left out for me and I was able to find quite a few age appropriate travels and I’ve already experienced them myself to be sure.”
She stood up and went to the kitchen and came back with a handful of photographs.
“These,” she said, handing them to me while she took a seat beside me. Rose stood from the floor and moved between Dave’s knees and he picked her up to sit on his lap as we all looked at the collection. As I went from photograph to photograph, Bev explained.
“This was a Sunday at the Methodist church in Fremont. You can’t see them but to the side of these ladies who are standing by the wagon are several small children, just perfect for Rose to inhabit. It was a summer day and already humid and hot. The minister was finishing up the sermon outside in the cooler air and was leading the congregation in a song. Arlan Mills had his camera handy and took this photo. The entire family went home after the service and spent a wonderful day together. The date was written on the back, July 7th, 1912.”
“That’s Great-Grandma Alice and daughters Lucy and Molly,” I said pointing to each of the women.
I shuffled to the next photograph, a copy of a tintype. It was of cousin Rose Wyman, namesake of Grandma Rose, and her best friend, my grandaunt Lucy, sitting for a professional shot at the Emporium. They were both young teens and in lovely white gowns. They were seated together on a loveseat and holding hands.
“This is a great one,” Bev said eagerly. “It was their sweet sixteen photograph and after this was taken, several others of your family sat for pictures and then they all went to an ice cream social being held on the town square.”
“But how can Rose participate in this at her age?” I asked.
“You’re only seeing the two girls being photographed. Out in the front lobby of the studio many others are waiting, including several small children.”
We continued to look through the photographs at the times and places that Bev had selected and tested, including one of my own very first warps when I had been Granduncle Albert’s wife Sarah Mills—that day when he had presented her with a bouquet of flowers. It was the photograph of all of the family standing in three rows out on the back steps of the Wyman house. I didn’t think about it at the time, but sitting on the ground in the front row were nine small children and several were about Rose’s age.
“I participated in that travel once,” I said pointing to Sarah Mills. “It was a wonderful day and the little children had so much fun.”
“Yes,” Bev agreed.
Each of the photographs she had chosen for Rose Lynn were all dense with family. There was no warp that would involve her being alone or without many family members and loved ones included.
“In the next few days I’ll be Rose’s constant companion and before you know it she’ll be flying solo to many experiences—of course, approved by either me or you two. What my parents did when I was little was they created an album with photographs of travels that they’d hand-selected. I always kept that album on my nightstand and each night I would choose where I wished to visit. I could experience just one per night or as many and as often as I wanted. There are certain ones that I still travel to, where I can spend time with my great-grandmother and others.”
“I wish now that there were more photos for my family,” I said with a sigh.
“I’ll be using a number of my family’s experiences both here in Fremont and elsewhere, so we’ll have no shortage of choices,” Bev assured me.

***

Later I helped Dave get the rest of Rose’s things unloaded from the truck and her room arranged. Then he and I helped Rose Lynn with bath time and I blow dried her hair as she sat on the bathroom vanity. She was full of stories about her day with the boys and shopping with Mindy for groceries before we had arrived to retrieve her.
After bath time, Dave and I tucked her in with kisses and then stood back as Bev joined us, sitting on the bed next to Rose Lynn while she talked about the plan for their night of travel.
Rose understood immediately what Bev meant when she told her to wait for her at a particular event. It was the photograph of the girls at the Emporium having a tintype made.
“I will meet you there in a little while. You stay with Lucy until I arrive. Do you understand?” Bev asked her.
“Yes,” Rose Lynn said taking the photograph from Bev and studying it closely.
“I’ll be seeing you,” Bev said as she stood from the bed.
“I’ll be seeing you,” Rose said with a smile and turned on her side, clutching the photograph to her chest.
We followed Bev out of the room and left the door open, just a crack. “She should be good for the night. She rarely wakes up,” I said softly.
“We’ll be fine. You two had better get going.”
“Yeah, we have some studying to do ourselves,” I said and smiled at Dave. “He has a couple of more books to go over.”
The grin that Dave gave me told me that he had other things on his mind, while hand in hand we bid Bev goodnight and headed out for our very own home, in Fremont.



Chapter 32


Dave

Tap. Tap. Tap.
I tried to ignore the amusing but childish messing with me as Torie whirled her pen incessantly against her pad of paper and added a heavy sigh of boredom. I looked up and over into her eyes and watched her use her fingers to brush the bangs off of her forehead. She lifted her heavy fall of hair and twisted it in her hand, pulling it over her shoulder as she shrugged her eyebrows at me suggestively.
“You’re killing me here, woman,” I confessed before I used my tongue to wet my finger and turned the page of my spiral notepad, looking back to my studies.
She was seated next to me at the dining room table with only the bright glow of the antique chandelier above our heads lighting our otherwise darkened home in Fremont. We were both bathed and ready for bed and she was dressed in a filmy soft mint green nighty that left just enough hidden to fuel my imagination. The thin straps and plunging neckline made it tough enough for me to keep my head in the game without her using these tactics to try and hurry me up. The nightgown exposed more than enough to cause me to feel myself coming to life in my Hawkeye lounge pants as I anticipated what the night ahead held for both of us.
This last study tablet I was finding nearly impossible to concentrate on. I was on the last page of the last book of materials and was feeling like I was getting it. Ray’s insistence that I do the work was paying off. At first, studying the books last night at Jeff’s, it had been tough. I hadn’t been able to see anything. Now it seems unbelievable to me that I hadn’t seen all of the portals on each page of the illustrations. I have to admit that Ray was right and Torie’s insisting now that I complete the entire last book really didn’t bother me but all that I can think of, is what comes after this when we will be heading off to spend the night together. It will be our first time sleeping in the same house and in the same bed together in years and a luxury that we are both anticipating anxiously.
The picture that I am now attempting to study is of an old-fashioned fancy parlor scene with a young woman being courted by a dapper dandy with a handlebar mustache. The couple are being chaperoned by a stern looking mother who is keeping a close eye on the pair. It was about the mid-1920 timeframe, I guess. I let my eyes roam over the page as I number my paper and jot down all of the portals that I am able to find. I can also see a spot which is different from the others—it is the way back home and has a slight difference about it, a purple hue. Although in my own actual travels, it will present itself in a color unique to me but I haven’t actually experienced my color yet because, although I have been at this for way over a year, I haven’t actually officially warped as a fully trained and fully instructed time traveler.
I have my internal control room nailed down though. Jeff helped me to figure that out last night during our discussions at his house. It is a scene that I have always occupied when dropping off to sleep at night and has been the same for most of my life, ever since I was five-years-old or so. I am always sitting along a quiet line of low stalls at the Iowa State fairgrounds with my feet propped up on a bale of hay.
When my brothers and I were young and in 4-H we always had a calf or two entered in the livestock competition and Grandpa Joe would always chaperone us—all of us spending the night before our turn the next day in the show ring, sleeping on cots alongside our blue ribbon hopefuls. Actually while Mike, Adam, and Kyle had been older and usually out carousing around the midway looking for girls and trouble, Grandpa Joe would hang with me and Jeff in the barns and share meals and conversation with the many other rural Iowa families who had done the same thing. The state fair is still a huge social event for small town Iowa kids and families.
In my staging area, I am always looking out in the distance, watching down an empty corridor of stalls where sparrows are landing in the dirt, sending up puffs of dust as they feed on spilled grains. There is the low hum of the cooling fans around me that are blowing across the cattle who are slumbering on fragrant, sweet-smelling straw bedding.
I am amazed that I hadn’t figured out the staging ground or seen portals or anything over the last year of traveling on my own. It is like blinders have been lifted from my eyes. How could I have been so clueless?
That internal staging area is just so obvious to me, now that I understood and have been informed of its existence and purpose. It astonishes me to think that over my lifetime I have never questioned why that has always been my place to gravitate toward when having difficulty letting go of the day’s troubles.
Even more astonishing was watching Rose Lynn and her mentor Bev tonight at Torie’s house in Hedrick doing the same type of studies. She was amazing—like a time warp prodigy. Her little fingers had zoomed over page after page of the study guides, finding every portal with ease. Bev had said that it was getting ahold of her young that would make the difference. Rose had a voracious appetite for it and we had been observing a new traveler as one should develop.
Bev said that if Torie and I had been trained by elders when we were young, that we would have also been just as proficient. Bev is only twenty-one-years old and it is hard to believe, because both Torie and I are already leaning on her expertise—asking her questions and opinions as we had listened in, while she had prepared Rose Lynn for this first official night of warp experiences. Bev seems like a wise old sage and her generosity, her revealing herself to us and becoming Rose’s mentor, is a debt that we will always feel that we owe her.
“Eyes on your own work, Torie,” I ordered now and hunched over my tablet, using my arm to shield my answers from her.
Torie chuckled. “I’m done. Just waiting on you,” she gloated and when I glanced up at her again, she stuck her tongue out at me.
“Let me see,” I demanded, reaching over in an attempt to turn her tablet toward me so that I could get a look.
Torie covered her paper with her hand “Ah—ah—ah!” she warned. “Nope.”
I glanced at the wall clock; it was going on 10 p.m. and Torie knew that I was getting as antsy as she was to wrap up the studies and head upstairs. We were both as excited as high school sweethearts anticipating our first sexual experience.
“Dave, come on. You need to practice,” she said and by the uncertain tone of her voice, she was trying to convince herself as well. I got the sense that she was just as ready to grab me and dash for the stairs as I was, but she—like a trouper, was trying to keep it together.
I tossed my pen down. “Finished,” I announced and then laced my fingers and cracked my knuckles, while giving Torie a grin.
Torie reached for my tablet and then laid it beside hers and began comparing our answers, as if she were a school teacher. She put C’s by each correct answer and check marks beside each of my errors. After she was finished she drew a line at the top and wrote 14 above the line and 20 below.
“You have six incorrect,” she gloated.
“Where?” I demanded.
Torie pointed to the book of illustrations and then opened her hand toward me. I passed her the book of Estelle Barons’ drawings and she took a little too much pleasure in pointing out each of my incorrect guesses.
“That’s just a gold thread woven into the pillow,” she said pointing to a spot with her pen. “I missed that one the first time I tried.”
“But how can you tell? It looks like a portal to me,” I insisted.
“Yes, but don’t you see the difference if you compare it to this spot on the rug?” she asked pointing to the area.
She looked over at me as I furrowed my brows and studied it intently.
“You’re looking too hard, Dave. That’s what will trip you up if you are in a warp and Thompson shows up. You need to be relaxed,” She paused. “Stop squinting and let your eyes lightly survey the scene. Remember what Bev said? You need to feel at ease or you will not be able to see.”
She leaned over and smoothed my brows, then held my face and gave me a light kiss on my lips.
I turned in my chair and maneuvered her body until she was sitting sideways in her chair also, so that I could open her legs. I held the back of her knees, hiking her legs up and over my own and ran my hands up her thighs, leaning forward to give her a deep kiss. She slid her fingers lightly up my arms and around my neck, starting to feel the heat that I was attempting to stir.
“I’m so anxious to spend the entire night with you in my arms. I want you so much. I feel like a virgin in high school again,” I confessed.
“Me, too,” Torie said. “Except that my high school boyfriend had none of your skills.”
“Hmmm,” I said unconvinced.
“What?” she asked. “I suppose that you had all of your expert moves going on right from the start?”
“No,” I said with a laugh. “My first time was nothing to brag about,” I paused and gave her a cocky grin. “But I figured out my night moves in short order.”
“With who?” she demanded.
“Nope,” I said shaking my head.
“Please,” she begged. “I won’t care.”
I eyed her warily before I shook a finger at her and warned, “If this starts a fight, tonight of all nights—I’m going to be royally pissed off at you.”
“No fight,” she said with a laugh. “I think I can hear about your high school girlfriend without getting jealous,” she paused and then said again. “I think.”
“Her name was Crystal Lewis and we dated up until just after high school graduation. She broke my heart and dumped my ass when she went off to college,” I confessed.
“What a fool she was,” Torie said.
I was dismayed when she changed the direction I was trying to lead us, by moving her legs off of mine and standing to grab for a three-ringed binder from the far side of the table. She sat back down squarely on her chair and opened the cover to reveal that it was full of neatly labeled tabs. She scanned along the edge, seeming to be looking for a certain tab.
“What the heck is that? Not more studies,” I whined.
“No, not studies,” she assured me as she ran her finger up and down along the tabs. She had tabs labeled Torie, Dave, Grace, Grandpa Arlan, Ivy, Grandma Rose, Lucy and many others.
“Don’t think I’m crazy,” she said flipping the book open to the ‘Dave’ tab. “But I’m gathering a collection of events because this time travel gift we have inherited will last us our lifetimes and Rosie’s, as well. I want us to have as much down as possible—little pinpoints of occurrences in our lives and those we have discovered from visiting the past. You and I most importantly, so that throughout her life, Rosie will have a set of exact coordinates to use so that she can find us in the past once we have died. I know it sounds insane but it’s what travelers do. Ray says it’s the most important thing that travelers can do. I have so few memories of my mother to visit, only a handful of photographs from her early life to choose from to travel to intentionally. After the experience I told you about concerning my mom and dad, I’m not sure that I will ever visit my mom’s younger life again. Some things I don’t want to know about. For Rose Lynn, you, and me—I want us to make as many memories as possible—good memories and happy times.”
I recalled the other night when I had come to Hedrick to catch her and the tablet with all of the notes and the photographs on her nightstand.
“Is that really possible?” I asked.
“Yes, it’s totally possible. Ray was married for thirty years and he and his wife Violet had known each other from their earliest years growing up in Fremont and he has all of those memories. Also, Violet was a young widow when she married Ray and she kept a journal of everything. He can choose, at will, to visit her in his dreams each night in any number of capacities—schoolmate, neighbor, parent, sibling, or as her lover, by inhabiting her first husband. So can you recall any particular memory with Crystal that I can add? Tell me about a memorable event.”
“Hmmm,” I said thinking for a moment. “I could probably dig out my yearbooks to give you the dates of proms and things like that. Otherwise there is only one other memory that I can recall for certain.”
“What is it?” Torie chirped excitedly.
“This is not going to cause a fight, right?”
“NO! No fight, silly.”
She shook her head and touched the pen to a fresh sheet of paper behind the ‘Dave’ tab. “I will title this warp what?” she asked, looking up at me.
“The Workshop,” I decided. “It was summertime, right before Crystal dumped me and went off to college at Buena Vista in Storm Lake. Actually, I know exactly the day because I was rushing to complete a project for the state fair which I needed to get finished up and into Des Moines two days later, on August 12th, 1991. Grandpa Joe had died just a few weeks earlier and it was our last project that we’d worked on together. It’s that little curio table in the hall upstairs with the oval mirror above it.”
“Oh, my God, Dave,” Torie broke in excitedly. “See? That’s exactly what I’m talking about. That table’s story is something that I would’ve never known about or you being in the workshop—see? If you were to pass away before me, I would never find you in that place unless I happened to stumbled upon it. But if I know the time and place, assuming that there is some female in the warp who has passed away for me to inhabit—then I would be able to find you. Of course this one may never be an option but fifty years from now if you and—and…”
“Crystal,” I reminded her.
“Yes, if you and Crystal were to have passed away.”
“She passed away that same year,” I said. “It was a car accident. She’s buried in the newer Cedar Township Memorial Cemetery in town.”
Torie gasped, “That’s so sad, Dave.”
“It was sad. She was only eighteen,” I said.
I watched as she added Crystal’s name to the sheet of paper and then looked at me. “Okay. ‘The Workshop’, August 10, 1991. Just you and Crystal? What happened?”
“Just the two of us, yes, and this will not be suitable for Rose Lynn—ever!” I added, thinking of what had happened.
“Okay,” she said and clicked open the binder and removed the sheet of paper. Then she clicked the rings closed and turned to a tab marked ‘For Torie & Dave Only,’ opening the rings and placing the paper behind that tab.
“Can I see?” I asked, indicating the binder. Torie moved the binder over before me and waited patiently while I leafed through several of the tabs and stories, page by page. Behind tabs for us individually she had stories such as, ‘Street Dance 2012’, ‘Joshua and Ivy 1883’, ‘Vegas Reception 2012’, ‘Dreamcatchers’, ‘Wedding in Oskie’, ‘Sleigh Ride 2015’, ‘Butter Wars’, ‘Gazebo’, ‘Town Square Tour’, ‘Claire Neumann’, ‘Jimmy Thomas’, ‘Mindy’s Visit’. I glanced up to see Torie smiling as she watched me continue paging through, reading just the titles of the neatly typed up stories.
“I’ll type this one up on a word document later and add it also,” she explained.
“What are all these behind this tab?” I asked turning back to the ‘For Dave & Torie Only’ tab and reading aloud to her. “‘Joshua and Ivy 1891’, ‘Vegas Role-Play’, ‘First Date’, ‘Barn-Raising’, ‘Sleigh Ride 2013’, ‘Naples Honeymoon’, ‘Chicago Surprise’, and ‘Fishing Cabin 2012’.”
“Behind this tab are love scenes; our own, just you and me, and also others, when we inhabited people in the past. The other sections are for all of us including Rose Lynn—favorite time warps that we have already shared that were special or important to me but also times and places from our life now that I want written down. A few might be times that we can go back to when we want, such as the street dance, if either of us live long enough and have a host to inhabit. My cousins Herald and Linda were part of that night at the street dance and Jeff was there, also John and Margaret Sweeney. Ray said it’ll be possible for us, once we are seasoned travelers, to go anyplace we want. I’m writing everything down, every memory—every experience. Not only for Rose Lynn, but so that future generations might be able to visit these points in time if they have the gift…” she smiled at me shyly as her voice trailed off and I watched her wipe a tear from her cheek. I realized right then that this is something that means a great deal to her. With a deep breath she continued.
“Just as we inhabited Joshua and Ivy and made love in 1891 when Ivy was pregnant with Katie, maybe someday a distant traveler will want to visit this night we are living right now. Or maybe someday Rose Lynn’s great-granddaughter will be a traveler and want to experience our snowy Christmas sleigh ride in 2015 and see her great-grandma Rose Lynn or her great-great-grandparents Dave and Torie. Or maybe a future great-grandson will want to inhabit Jeff Allman and experience Char’s amazing apple pie à la mode that we shared with him and Mindy on our wedding day. Maybe it sounds crazy, I don’t know, but I just know that I’m going to chronicle our lives. It’s important to our family,” she shrugged, embarrassed but determined.
“I know another one that you need to add,” I said. “That night when we saw each other downtown in Des Moines at the lounge when we were watching Max Eubank perform. Sometimes I still think about seeing you that night when you were with that assbag Derek. That little black dress you wore—mmm—mmm,” I said with a breathy sigh, remembering.
“That’s a good one actually because there were several other people with us. I’ll add it tomorrow and any others that you might think of but for now,” she moved the binder back over in front of her and turned back to the empty page. “‘The Workshop’.”
“Okay, but,” I paused, thinking. “If I tell you about this experience and because Crystal has passed away, then you could actually time travel back to this event and live it now, right?”
Torie thought about it for a moment before answering. “Yes, I could, I think. That is assuming that I am that adept at time travel, which I’m not. I’m still very much a newbie and getting to an exact event has been very hit or miss, up to this point.”
“Hmmm—nope,” I backpedaled. “Considering that this was the last time that Crystal and I were together before she dumped me a few days later—I don’t want you to visit this event.”
“What? Why?” Torie demanded forcefully and swatted at my bare shoulder with her open hand.
I lifted my shoulder in an affected cringe and chuckled at her quick and adorable ire. “Babe, it would be very weird—you inhabiting Crystal and me being just a boy of eighteen. I’m only giving you this memory under one condition—you must give me a similar memory in this book,” I demanded just as forcefully.
“My high school boyfriend is still alive,” she informed me with a laugh. “Barring an accident or illness of some kind, I don’t see it as being a viable choice for you for many years yet to come.”
“Mmm but to see you as a sexy young teenaged Torie Mills someday,” I leered.
“Hey! You want to get lucky tonight or not, Mr. Pervert?”
“Sorry, lady, this is non-negotiable. You must add a similar memory with your first lover and…”
“And?” she interrupted. “You said ‘under one condition’.”
“I’ve decided to add another,” I smirked. “You promise that you will not visit this memory until I give you permission or I have passed away.”
“Are you likely to ever give me permission?” she groused with a pout.
“I wasn’t the beefy manly stud that I am now—so probably not. If you were to see the skinny, gangly younger me it might make you change your mind about me altogether.”
“Doubtful,” Torie disagreed. “I’d love to experience some hot young teenaged Dave Cameron mojo.”
“Now who’s the pervert?” I asked with a chuckle.
“Okay, I promise. So—‘The Workshop’.” she turned to the story she had begun and with her pen hovering over the paper, waited patiently for me to elaborate.
“My family had all gone into Des Moines and I’d stayed home. I was still pretty depressed over the loss of my grandpa and like I said, rushing to finish the piece. I was determined to get it done and entered into the competition because although I’d created it, Grandpa Joe had been at my side watching and advising me through every step of the process,” I paused, remembering.
“Did you win?” Torie asked.
I came from my thoughts and smiled at her.
“Blue ribbon,” I said with a chuckle.
“So,” she said, glancing to the nearly empty page.
“Okay, so I was busy working at the lathe and it was a really hot day as I recall. There was a small fan on the window ledge blowing what breeze there was, into the room and across my face. With the sound of the fan, the radio blaring, and the wood-working equipment whirring, Crystal had crept into the shop and was standing behind me before I had even realized that she was there. Umm…” I hesitated and then said quickly and briefly. “She asked me to take a break and we did it.”
“No, Dave—come on! That’s not the end. Did you do it right there in the workshop? That isn’t very sexy.”
“No, not in the workshop…” I paused. “Torie, are you sure about this?”
“Yes, I want to know. Not all the sordid dirty details, just an overview,” she said with a laugh. “Like you said before, we really don’t need to get jealous and pissed off at each other tonight.”
“We went up to the turret room,” I said.
With a gasp, she spat, “David, don’t you dare tell me that you did it in my lovely office turret room?” She gave me a withering glare.
“No—no,” I hurried to assure her with a laugh. “Stop getting pissed off! You should see the daggers shooting at me from your eyes right now. You said that you would be okay with this.”
“I am,” she insisted. “Just not if it occurred in my lovely writing room, is all. Then I suppose it must have been the other turret room with the ocean dresser?”
“Yeah, and we ‘did it’ on that old bed up there. Real sexy, huh?”
She was writing and nodding.
“That’s enough I think, except that I need to know what time of day it was. Do you recall?”
I thought for a moment, remembering the heat and humidity of that day. “About mid-afternoon, 3 p.m. I think.”
“Perfect. Now, you didn’t get caught in the act by your mother or have anything equally traumatic like that happen, right? Didn’t contract any STDs, did you?” She grinned with mischief.
“Damn, woman! I can’t see as how that’s important, but no and no.”
“Okay,” she said as she closed and set aside the binder, turning her attention back to our studies. “So where were we here? You have six you need to find.”
“I think I did good enough. You forget that I’ve been at this traveling stuff for over a year, Missus Cameron,” I reminded her.
“Dave, you need to be sure that you understand and get it. If you run into Thompson you may find that you can’t get out or if you become agitated and lose focus, you’ll be forced to ride it out.”
“Again, you forget—I’ve been traveling for more than a year. I’m a pro,” I assured her, adding a light kiss to her bare shoulder. “The challenge will be for you to find and keep up with me.”
“Oh—my—God,” Torie said and laughed. “Have you always been this full of yourself and irritating?”
I quirked my mouth and glanced up at the ceiling as I appeared to be considering it, then dropped another light kiss on her shoulder.
“Yep,” I teased before continuing more seriously. “I understand you’re just thinking of me and I appreciate it but I’m not worried. I missed six. That isn’t bad.”
As I spoke, I turned her in her seat so that she was facing me again and opened her legs. I lifted my right hand, brushed lightly along her shoulder and then moved lower as I laid my hand on her chest just above her right breast. Not touching her breast directly but cupping around it. Torie sucked in a breath and then blew out a ragged sigh.
“I’m more concerned with finding you intentionally,” I continued and Torie stared at me blankly, obviously having forgotten for the moment that we were in the middle of a discussion.
“But still, missing six isn’t good,” she said with a giggle. “You are ruining my focus, boss.”
“I did good enough,” I repeated as my hand lowered. “Honestly though, I can’t imagine the freedom to come and go from a warp and not just survive it. The idea seems impossible.”
“I know,” Torie purred as my caresses continued and my fingers slipped inside the top of her gown. The back of my fingers lightly touched the crest of her right breast.
She lifted her hand to stop my touch. “Dave, be serious for just a moment more, please! I can’t wait for you to experience it but finding each other at first will be a struggle. Remember you have to sense me. This will be new for me, as well. When you think about it, the fact that we found each other so often in our warps from our past travels together is pretty amazing. Ray thinks that it will continue and strengthen as time goes on, until we can just fly together from warp to warp in sync. He said he and his wife were in tune that way.”
Torie released my hand and then slipped both her hands up my bare chest before looping them around my neck and opening her thighs a little wider to get closer to me. I tilted my chair until it was just resting on two of the four legs and slipped both hands under her butt, hiking her thighs up on top of mine. I moved one hand to slide up her inner thigh until I could feel the heat radiating from her. I couldn’t help but give a little groan as that heat turned me on more than she could imagine.
“Okay,” Torie surrendered as she allowed me to place my hands under her butt and pull her forward while I stood. She wrapped her legs around my waist as I continued to hold her rear in both of my hands and I paused for her to turn off the lights, before I carried her through the darkened house to the stairs.



Chapter 33


Dave

Torie brought a photograph to the bed and laid it on her pillow as she plopped down beside me and sat cross-legged.
“Now what?” I asked with a heavy sigh. I was ready to get down to some lovin’ but it appeared that Torie wasn’t done torturing me with time travel homework.
“Dave, now study this photo. I think this is a good and safe place for us to start. We’ve been these two people in warps before so I’m pretty sure that we can get back there or close—timeframe-wise.” She turned it so that I could get a better look at the wedding photograph of Joshua and Ivy Wyman McFall.
I tucked a pillow under my chest and crossed my arms under my chin as I lay on my stomach beside her. I adjusted my position so that I could slip my left hand under her right thigh as I ran my fingers slowly up and down her inner thigh while she ran her hand over my bare back, lightly touching with her fingertips.
“A little lower,” I said seriously. “Just a little lower—a little lower and more toward the front.”
“Dave! I’m serious,” she warned, swatting my ass.
“What should I be studying, babe?” His bad haircut?” I joked.
“David! Joshua McFall was so handsome. Don’t you think so?”
I shrugged my shoulders and leaned over to kiss her thigh.
“Don’t you think that Ivy was gorgeous?” she asked further.
“I don’t know, honey. You always think that everyone is beautiful. Sometimes I just don’t see it. Maybe I’ve been at this time warping for too long or maybe you just over romanticize everyone’s appearance.”
Torie grabbed a bed pillow and hit me over the head with it as I laughed at her.
“You ass,” she scolded me. “Are you sure that you aren’t using the alias ‘Disappointed in Detroit’ on Amazon and leaving me nasty book reviews?”
“What?” I chuckled at her as she further tried to use the pillow to suffocate me before she removed it and then tossed the photograph to the nightstand and grabbed up her iPad.
She touched the screen and went to Amazon.com and typed in her name, bringing up her novels and clicked on the reviews for Passion’s Fury, scrolling to one in particular.
She read the review title, which was one word with several exclamation points after it.
“Seriously!!!” she began and then raised an eyebrow at me menacingly as she continued. “By Disappointed in Detroit.’ ‘Torie Mills must have gooey mush for brains if she believes that I’m buying this syrupy load of crap she’s selling. Dashing Beau Gardner, beautiful Melody Turner and the rest of the characters in this novel are SO unbelievable. They are all the most beautiful, most handsome, with the whitest most gleaming teeth, and the best lovers with the BIGGEST appendages and most perfect bodies. Also no one EVER has a bad thought or does anything wrong. Doesn’t Ms. Mills know that dentistry was unheard of as was ‘deodorant’ back then and that most prostitutes such as Melody Turner would have died of syphilis or worse? Oh and her graphic description of oral sex acts is not suitable for ANY readers under twenty-one!”
“That is just sooo wrong!” I said trying to hold back a laugh.
“Dave! It’s not funny!” Torie pouted. “And this one…”
She touched on a review for her sea-going adventure novel, Eternal Fire.
“Ships ahoy Matey!” she began and then hissed under her breath. “I really hate that review title,” before she continued. “You best stop reading here if you don’t want this sappy, sappy story spoiled. **Spoiler Alert**—if Royce Colby is such a stud and all the women fall all over him then why doesn’t perfect little Patience Halstrom seem to notice his bulging yumminess? Also why does he seem to find her just SO irresistible and the most beautiful creature on earth when no one else seems to see it? Oh and if she WAS so irresistible, then why hadn’t the lord and master at the manor already defiled her way before she ended up unjustly accused and condemned as a thief? But No, little virginal Patience sails off on that boat full of indentured servants and just happens to capture the hunky captain’s attention? Give me a break! Oh and of course Miss Prissy Pure Patience was just so perfect and virginal until Captain Wonderful and Hung Like A Horse made her a woman and turned her into a sexual dynamo in bed. Blah—blah—blah. I am so sick of the predicable formula writing of historical romances. Biggest waste of $10.99 this year!”
“Ouch!” I agreed. “That’s just harsh. I think I need to kick someone’s butt. Was that ‘Disappointed in Detroit’ again?”
“No, but they are all pretty much interchangeable,” Torie said and broke into an amused chuckle.
“Yeah, but you got thousands of good reviews, Torie. Why do you let a few bad ones get to you?”
“These stories are like my babies, Dave, and it stings a little but it usually doesn’t bother me that much except that now I find that you seem to also think, like these armchair reviewers do, that I have a flawed perspective. Oh and this one for Where Evil Lived,” she continued. “How Torie Mills can describe that sicko bastard Mark Thompson as handsome and rugged like a Nordic Viking is beyond me.”
“Now I happen to agree with that one,” I said pointing a finger at her sternly. “That piece of shit had no redeeming qualities.”
“But I think I was giving an accurate description that people could understand and relate to,” she argued defensively.
I took the iPad from her hand as I came to my knees and set it aside on the night table and then turned her and pulled her underneath me as I leaned down to kiss her lips softly.
“So what kind of character would you write if you were writing a story about David Samuel Cameron? Would I be the most sexy—handsomest, and best lover ever? Biggest shlong this side of the Mississippi River that can make you wet and orgasmic just by giving you a killer smile?” I asked, flashing a big goofy grin while crossing my eyes at her.
“You are such an ass,” Torie laughed at me as I knelt between her legs. I displayed my biceps like a bodybuilder before flexing my pecs for her one at a time causing a rippling effect across my chest while she continued to laugh at me.
I started to wriggle her nightie up until I could see her skimpy little silk panties and I leaned down to kiss the tempting flat expanse between her bellybutton and the band of her bikinis and then worked the gown up. Nearly all traces of the bruises that Thompson had left behind were gone and I thoroughly worked her breasts over and released one from my mouth with a loud pop.
I took on a cowboy twang as I declared, “Dang, Missy, if’n you don’t have the sweetest little boobies and them there perfect pink areoles’ are just as perky and pertie as I ever seen in these here parts and they taste like gumdrops and sarsaparilla.”
“Oh, my, but you sure do have a way with the dialogue. What is that accent supposed to be? Gomer Pyle?” she questioned as she lifted to let me strip off her gown over her head.
I worked her panties down and off her feet and crouched between her thighs taking in the beautiful scenery below me with undisguised pleasure before I continued.
“So how about this?” I asked in a very husky deep Barry White-esque baritone. “Beautiful, I am such a manly man that I will run my fingers up and down over your…”
Torie shrieked with a laugh and covered her ears as I reeled off a string of very descriptive details of the lascivious intentions I had in store for her body.
“Hey—hey! Too graphic, Casanova,” Torie scolded me then paused and after a few seconds asked with curiosity. “And then what?”
“God, you are so frickin’ adorable,” I laughed. “You want me to go on?”
She lifted a hand as if waving me in and nodded with a roll of her eyes.
“Then—I will take these two fingers…” I rumbled huskily and I couldn’t help but moan as I touched her. 
“All right, stud,” she stopped me with a laugh. “I think I get the picture. Have you been watching some late night porn or something?” she accused light-heartedly.
I started to retreat but she grabbed my wrist, stopping me.
“See how you just let me have my way with you? I must be the best, most handsomest lover ever, huh?” I joked in my own voice.
“Okay, enough, Cameron,” she said with a giggle. I smiled down at her as she continued. “I suppose that you and Disappointed in Detroit would rather only read historical romance novels about disgustingly ugly people with rotten teeth and oozing sores—having miserable lives and lots and lots of horrible turmoil and bad sex.”
I had to laugh out loud at that innocent remark. “I think our lives pretty much have fit the bill over the last few years; the misery and turmoil aspects anyway. You, however, are every bit as beautiful and sexy as any woman in your novels, Torie Lee Mills Cameron.”
“See? Look who’s wearing rose-colored glasses now, huh?” she asked. “And if I ever start writing characters and dialogue as bad as what you are coming up with tonight I want you to throw my computer right out of my office window!”
We both laughed as she leaned up to put one hand around the back of my neck, drawing me down to her and I crawled over her welcoming body as we both became serious. Her bedroom eyes were shining up at me, happy and contented. 
“Dave! Wait. We need protection,” she gasped.
“I thought you were on the pill?” I asked in confusion.
“I just started taking them, I’m not protected yet.”
“What do you want me to do? Run to the gas station for a condom?”
She gave me a look that said yes.
“Oh, come on, Torie,” I groaned and looked at the clock. “Casey’s is closed. I would need to drive all the way into Oskaloosa! Besides, why does it matter? We want another baby, right?”
“But if Thompson finds us. If he finds me,” she said quietly.
“Thompson will never, ever touch you again, Torie. I promise you that,” I said, all joking aside.
“If I get pregnant though, pregnancy will stop the travels for whole families sometime in the first trimester. We can’t risk it until we’re sure that Thompson is taken care of,” she insisted.
“I’ll pull out,” I offered and with a sly grin added. “Or we could always try the full-proof method you’ve never wanted to try before.”
“Oh, hell no,” she refused with a giggle as I bounded out of bed.
“Kidding,” I assured her with a laugh.
“Where are you going?” she asked.
I yanked open a drawer and started digging through the nightstand. “We gotta have some in here from our post Rose Lynn days,” I insisted with a growl. My hand touched the familiar shape of a foil package in the recesses of the drawer and triumphantly, I pulled out a condom. “We just won the lottery!”
“My hero,” Torie sighed.
“Mmm,” she purred as she pulled me down on top of her and in a sultry French accent said, “Now—make love to me, my sexy handsome husband, and after you have made love to me better than any man has ever made love to a woman in the history of the world…” she paused and her expression was one of pure joy—an expression that I haven’t seen on her beautiful face nearly often enough in recent years. She fairly beamed as she continued in her own voice. “We are going to fall asleep in each other’s arms for the first time in years and then—we are going to time travel together!” She gave me such a radiant, happy smile.
“Yes, my love,” I nodded. “Most definitely—all of the above.”



Chapter 34


Torie

The three things that I became immediately aware of as I arrived in this warp were that I was definitely not in Joshua and Ivy’s life back in the late eighteen-hundreds as I had expected to be and that I was inhaling the stench of some kind of antiseptic and also—that a cloud of stale cigarette smoke was hanging in the air.
What an odd combination of odors, I thought. Yuck. Both of the strong aromas were enough to make me want to throw up immediately. I could see the tell-tale shine of a dozen portals before my eyes and was about to warp back out but stopped myself.
Tonight is Dave’s first attempt at a controlled time warp and if I am here, then it could very well mean that he might be here also and I need to determine that, before I just dismiss it and move on. Also, the smoke-filled room was full of many of my Mills family and I am too much of a genealogy geek to just let this opportunity go.
Regarding this experience and in spite of the nauseating odors, I decide that I can find out a lot of valuable information about my family. Plus, I need to stop and smell the roses, even if they currently smell like the many ashtrays scattered about the room and being used by nearly every person present. I notice then that I have a cigarette in my own hand and quickly snub it out in the pedestal ashtray beside me. I hear a chiming of dings that seem to be some pattern, like the old fashioned tones used in movies like Grease, right before the principle would make an announcement. There was no announcement however, just more dings.
Of the dozen people in the room, I recognize more than half. Grandaunt Molly is here. She is probably in her mid-forties with permed curly dark hair and dressed in a pale-pink two-piece outfit with a straight skirt and open toed black pumps. Molly’s husband, my granduncle Jackson Worth is here, whom last time I had seen him was on that deserted stretch of gravel road in a Model T during Molly’s birthday warp back in 1917 when he had been inhabited by Thompson and nearly ravaged me. He is currently in a grey suit and tie. His black-fedora is sitting atop the knee of his crossed legs and his arm is stretched out behind Molly along the back of her chair.
Grandaunt Lucy and her husband Drew Mars are to my right, both also dressed in high fashion. I am thinking maybe 1940 styles. Next to Lucy sits her daughter Mable in a flowered dress and hose with shiny black patent leather pumps. Right beside me, holding my hand, is Lucy’s eldest daughter, Reva Dion and she is probably in her late twenties. She is dressed in a white blouse and straight mauve skirt and her tawny-brown hair is twined into a bun atop her head.
We are in a waiting room of some sort and without any distinguishing features and with no window to look out of, it is impossible to say where we are.
“Reva, would you go with me to the restroom?” I ask and note that my voice is light and young. I wouldn’t have thought so, what with me smoking and all. I would have expected gravelly.
“Sure, Tina,” she said.
“Hurry back,” Lucy urged. “The doctors will be letting us in to see Brian soon.”
I nod and rise from my seat and as I do—I see that I am pregnant. I’m pregnant and smoking cigarettes!
Isn’t that just lovely, I think to myself.
I’m not extremely far along, probably about five or six months and putting together all of these clues, I am getting a sense of what this warp is about and I do not like where this is heading.
I trail after Reva along the hallway, letting her take the lead as I have no idea where the bathroom is. As we turn the corner I can see a reception desk and elevators at the end of a long hall. Several women in white nurse’s uniforms are hovering around a desk and speaking with a man in a white lab coat. Hanging on the wall above the desk is a sign that reads University of Iowa. That means that we are currently in Iowa City and that seemed likely because I had already figured out the entire scenario and I know that Brian Mars had undergone radical cancer surgery back in 1943 and coincidentally Brian had just come up in conversation recently when I had talked with my dad regarding the family reunion and the trip to the old farm.
Wow, this is crazy and so far for me to have projected! Iowa City is at least eighty miles from Fremont!
I follow Reva through the swinging door of the bathroom and enter a stall and close myself in. Only then do I allow my shock to briefly fill me and I shake out my hands as my nerves have started to make them a bit clammy. When I had met Brian as a man of sixty-two at that family reunion at the Friends Park in Oskaloosa, I had been a five-year-old child and he had been a terribly disfigured older man. So this is the day that he’d had the surgery which would alter his life forever. I am currently his wife Tina and the baby that I am pregnant with is his son, Bradley Dean Mars, who will go to war in Viet Nam in 1963 at the age of nineteen and will be one of so many, many thousands to die in that conflict.
As I finish and flush, I have to take a huge breath and try to calm myself and talk down the stomach acid that is churning ominously in my middle and which seems to be scheming about making  an appearance. This warp is messing with my head in some major ways and it is a lot to come to terms with, plus I still have to focus and be on guard so that I can avoid Thompson and I still need to try and find Dave. With all of the family in the waiting room, I feel confident that I will be safe from Thompson, as long as I stay with them and don’t wander off alone. I need to go back and determine if Dave might be in the waiting room at this very moment, struggling to fit in. He and I had failed to discuss it, but I’m pretty sure that he will remember our old signal and so I think that I had better go back and start trying to catch the attention of the men in the room and tug on my earlobe to try to determine if he is here. I take a deep breath and open the stall door to find Reva standing with her arms folded, waiting.
“Are you all right, Tina?” she asks with concern.
“Yes, Reva. Just nervous and scared for Brian,” I admit as I finish washing and drying my hands. As I use the paper towel to dab at my unexpected but brimming tear-filled eyes, Reva opens her arms toward me and I come into her embrace.
“Me, too, but he’ll be fine. I’m sure that they caught it in time,” Reva assures me with a warm squeeze of my shoulders.
I truly am scared for Brian Mars and what he will go through today because I already know the outcome. I know everything about these people and their futures. I know that Reva is currently almost twenty-seven, I know that she had married her high school sweetheart, and that he is probably at home in Des Moines, watching their three-year-old daughter Missy on this day. My grandaunt Lucy is just about five years from that fall in her driveway that will break her ankle and days later help to end her life on a snowy December afternoon. I know the fate of the unborn baby in my womb as I inhabit Tina and I know that just days after Bradley will be buried in the military section of Glendale cemetery in Des Moines, that Tina will commit suicide by slitting her wrists—sitting in a bathtub full of hot water, while Brian is out in the fields near Fremont doing the plowing for his spring planting. Both Tina and Brian are also buried in Glendale and both are adjacent to where Bradley rests. I know it all and this is just so tragic.
Even though this travel is an absolute nightmare, I am wavering back and forth regarding what I want to do. Part of me wants to figure out if Dave is actually here and if not, get the hell out of here but I also have a very strong desire to go in and see Brian Mars, the Brian that I have never known. The Brian as I have only seen him in the few Mars family photographs in my collection. Those are of Brian as a little boy and a couple from when he was a teenager—when he had been whole and sound. My only real memory of him is of the gentle old man and the whispery metallic voice box which he had communicated through as I had held his rough hand and walked with him around the park in Oskaloosa collecting quarters back in 1981. I want to see the young man that he had been, if only for a moment, before leaving this warp and their sad history behind.
I release my hold on Reva and wipe at a few stray tears that trace down my face while I look into the mirror to check my appearance. Tina Mars was so beautiful, as was Reva, Molly, and the rest of these people, whether or not Dave or Disappointed in Detroit would think so. Tina had possessed young, flawless ivory skin. She’d had emerald-green eyes—and not the phony contact lens enhanced green so common these days but true-green, sparkling gorgeous green. She had worn her honey-blonde hair in the 1940’s style, like in old black and white movies, à la Betty Grable or Lauren Bacall, parted to the side with a perfectly behaving sculpted sweep of bangs and a studied waterfall of smooth waves hanging about her shoulders. She looked much more polished than I ever had in my twenties.
Both she and Brian were just twenty-four and expecting their first and only baby when this horrible day had changed their lives forever. I can’t imagine the fear that she had lived through or her courage. She and Brian were just starting out in life, newly married and a baby on the way. It should have been the happiest time of their lives, not this tragedy that fate had planned for them.



Chapter 35


Dave

I warped in to find my first sensation to be searing, burning pain and my first sight, a late-middle-aged woman dressed all in white, hunched over my body. There was another woman on the other side of me and the two of them both had my member in their hands.
“What the hell!” I hissed in a gravelly low roar as the woman on my right patted my chest with her free hand. My throat felt raw and sore as though I had strep or something. My mouth was so dry, like sandpaper.
“Almost there,” the woman who had the head of my penis in her hand said with a smile. “Just try and relax.”
“Deep breaths,” the other woman, holding the base of me instructed.
“Okay, all done. Now, you are going to feel some pressure as the balloon inflates and you will start to have the sensation as though you need to urinate but it is just a feeling,” woman number one said as she held up a clear plastic bag to show me that it already had some yellow urine flowing in. “This will be at your bedside and once you get used to the feeling, you’ll be much more comfortable later today and tomorrow as you recover.”
The second nurse pulled my sheet up over my waist and turned to leave the room as the other removed a pair of rubber gloves from her hands, tossing them into a garbage can and then wrapped my arm in a blood pressure cuff. I saw that my other arm had an IV line taped up and dripping a clear fluid into my vein. After she finished taking the reading, she wrote the information on a chart and said, “Your family will be right in to see you, Brian.”
The door closed after her and I quickly lifted the sheet to see the clear plastic tubing coming out of the head of my penis or I should say Brian’s penis. Whoever the hell Brian is! I thought in confusion. What the hell am I in the middle of?
“Oh, come on!” I growled aloud angrily in my painfully shredded voice, regarding my bad warping luck.
I tried to calm myself and put my studies to use. I needed to relax and internally focus to see the way out of this. I closed my eyes and tried to clear my head before opening them again and surveying the room. Not easy to relax, what with a hose shoved into my penis and my throat absolutely on fire as if I had swallowed a red hot poker. I was obviously in a hospital bed and by the antiquated furniture it was somewhere pretty far back in history and I was likely about to undergo some kind of primitive surgery—maybe a tonsillectomy. The pain in my mouth and throat pointed to that as a possibility but I have never felt pain like this though—not even before my own tonsils had come out. This pain seemed to radiate all the way down my throat and into my chest.
I pulled the sheet down and lifted the gown to look again at my body and decided that I was definitely an adult male. I pulled up the gown to see that I had a sparse thatch of chest hair and my arms had the heavier dark hair of an adult and were well-muscled. My hands didn’t appear to belong to an older guy, although without a mirror to look into—I was clueless. I yanked the green hospital gown down over my body, pulled the sheet back up and tried to concentrate again but I couldn’t see anything. There should be so many portals. Why the hell aren’t I seeing any portals? I shouted inside my head.
Then the door pushed open and I thought, Holy shit, who the hell? A half dozen people entered the room, all with big forced smiles. A middle-aged woman in an old fashioned blue tweed suit and holding a tissue to her mouth approached the bed and reached out to squeeze my hand as she leaned over and kissed my forehead. A man in a black dress suit came to her side and laid his hand on my chest, patting me briefly and then put an arm around the woman’s shoulders.
“We’ll all be waiting for you, Brian. You’ll be fine and we’ll get you home and start the healing. You have a long and happy life ahead of you, honey,” the woman assured me.
I just nodded.
“We love you, son,” the man said. He extended a hand and I took it in a shake but then he bent and kissed my forehead also. He was obviously choked up and it made me realize that whatever I was in here for, was serious. Most of those standing behind the couple, who were apparently my parents, were also holding back tears.
The couple stepped back and then two young women came forward and gave me good luck wishes and kisses. Next to approach the bed was another woman dressed in pink, who kissed my forehead and a man in a gray suit who looked a little less comfortable with me and only shook my hand and said, “Good luck, Brian.”
“Well,” the mother said to me. “We’ll let you and Tina have some time alone, honey and we’ll see you as soon as you are awake. We love you, Brian.”
She started to cry softly and then they all shuffled out, closing the door behind them and I was left looking at a young, very lovely woman who took my hand and squeezed it warmly. She was in a loose fitting yellow top and it was obvious to me that she was pregnant. She must be my wife, I decided silently. I waited for her to say something.
“Brian, I want you to know that I’ll be waiting for you. We have a lot of living to do and we need you healthy. My God—you are so handsome,” she finished softly as if she were surprised or just seeing me for the first time.
That’s weird, I thought silently but I said nothing.
She leaned over then and looked deeply into my eyes as if she were searching for something, to the point that it made me very uncomfortable. Then she touched her lips to mine and kissed me gently. As she retreated from the kiss, a nurse knocked briefly and called in.
“You have about ten minutes Missus Mars.”
“Thank you,” she replied.
“We don’t have much time, Brian. I…I…” she paused again as she watched me carefully. Then she did something that was totally unexpected—it was almost as if a leap of faith. She reached up and tugged on her right earlobe.
Oh my God! She pulled on her earlobe! I reached up and did the same immediately.
“Dave,” she whispered. “I knew it was you. I could see it in your eyes.”
“Torie, what’s going on with this guy?” I rasped softly as the pain became more intense with each effort to speak.
“He’s getting ready to go in for radical cancer surgery, honey. It’s 1943 and you need to get out of here. It isn’t going to be pleasant.”
“Torie, I’ve been trying. I can’t see anything. I see nothing! No portals—no way out,” I grabbed my neck and grimaced as the pain increased.
“Shhh, just relax,” she soothed. “Don’t speak anymore, just visualize. Do you see anything?”
I shook my head.
Torie walked about the small dingy room with her hands against her temples as I followed her with my eyes.
“There are at least fifteen in this room, Dave,” she informed me gently.
“I see nothing,” I croaked. “I’ve been trying but I think I’m gonna be riding this one out.”
“Oh Jesus!” she cried in alarm and her hands were shaking as she came to take my hand in hers.
“Hey, take it easy, honey,” I rasped in a quiet whisper with what I hoped was a reassuring smile. “I’ve gone through much worse than a surgery. I’ll be fine. I’ll be back eventually. Go back home and wait for me.” The fire in my throat prevented me from saying anything further.
“Dave, keep trying,” Torie said. “Brian Mars is Lucy’s son. I’m your wife Tina. The young women are you sisters Reva and Mable.” She leaned in to kiss my lips again just as the door opened and a cart that was being pushed by two male orderlies in green scrubs was rolled into place beside my bed. I was instructed to scoot onto the cart as the men took the IV bottle attached to one of my forearms and the bag attached to my catheter and I climbed on and was covered up by a lightweight blanket. Torie gave me one last kiss and followed us out into the hall where I passed by the rest of Brian’s family. Then, I stared up at the ceiling, watching the florescent lights flashing past in measured intervals and tried to see some way—any way—out of this time warp.



Chapter 36


Torie

I had to tamp down my overwhelming desire to go screaming down the corridor after Dave like the wild woman I was on the inside at this moment; while he was helplessly heading toward the surgery suite and Brian’s date with destiny.
Lucy put an arm around my shoulders and squeezed. “Let’s go down to the cafeteria and get something to drink and maybe some lunch,” she suggested. “You really need to eat, Tina.”
My stomach was tied up in knots and I felt as if I couldn’t eat a thing but I nodded in agreement, wiping at some falling tears and allowed her to keep me tucked under her arm as we all started toward the elevators.
“He’ll be done in no time. The doctor said it’ll be only five hours,” Mable reminded all of us cheerfully.
I looked at my wrist watch: 11 a.m. Assuming that it would take some time for the team to get Brian put under and the surgery to begin, then it could be 4 p.m. before he was in recovery.
What should I do? I wondered silently. I wish that I had some way to contact Ray, Jeff, or Carrie. Thinking about it, I realized that Ray Taylor was alive at this timeframe of 1943. He had been born in 1936, so that would make him a seven-year-old child at this time. He would be of no use to me but his parents were travelers. I could probably make a long distance call to their home in Fremont. I could just imagine that call. “Hi, you don’t know me but your little boy Ray is my mentor about seventy-years in the future and I need some instruction regarding a time travel that my husband is currently stuck in.”
Yeah right, I thought, how crazy would that be?
I hadn’t anticipated this situation and was so conflicted. If I left now through one of the many portals I could see all around me, would I be able to get back here later if Dave continued to be trapped? I had never been trained for this particular scenario and what if I left and couldn’t find my way back to this exact time and place. What if he woke up all alone with the terrible injuries I know that he will be forced to endure? Waking up from something so horrendous with this family of strangers around him would be something I just couldn’t chance leaving Dave to live through alone.

***

I moved along the glassed-in steamer tables displaying the daily meal choices and surveyed the main dishes as a server waited patiently for me to decide. I accepted a small bowl of chicken and noodles from the white-jacketed young man with a tall chef’s hat set atop his head and smiled kindly at him with a nod. I placed the dish on my tray and moved on, pushing it along the stainless steel slide, pausing to grab up a bowl of fruit cocktail and a carton of white milk before carrying the tray to the checkout stand.
“Are you sure that’s going to be enough?” Drew Mars asked me. “That’s not much to eat.”
“I’ll be fine with this,” I assured him. I started to reach into my small beige patent-leather and gold purse hanging from my forearm for some money.
“I’ve got this, Tina,” Drew said.
“The cafeteria is open twenty-four-hours,” the checkout clerk, an older gray-haired woman, offered pleasantly as she handed me a small white slip of paper.
“Thank you,” I said as I glanced at the date printed at the top of the register receipt: October 17, 1943. Now I had the exact date of this terrible warp and I plan to be sure and record it when I get back home to my own time. 
Lucy and the others made their way to the checkout just then and Drew informed the woman that he would pay for everyone. It struck me as odd, considering that five years from now he will refuse to allow Lucy to be cared for properly in a hospital because he didn’t want to pay the hospital bills. Of course the cost of lunch is nothing compared to a hospital stay but I had considered Drew to be a very frugal penny-pincher and his generosity at this point in time improved my opinion of him slightly.
I moved off to pick out a long Formica table with enough seating for all of us and removed my food from the plastic tray. I returned the tray and grabbed some condiments and silverware from a station close by. I was struck by just how many portals I could see all about me. The entire room was full of them. It was almost like when your teacher in school would be using an overhead and lay a clear plastic sheet over the glass plate. I remember in junior high school that I’d had a teacher who was crazy for using the overhead to teach us complicated algebra problems. He would continue to add additional plastic sheets, with the next part of the problem, then the next. It reminded me of that—the portals were as if an additional layer of reality in the room.
It still amazes me how I can see it all now, when before in warps I hadn’t see them at all, or how when stressed, as Dave had been just now upstairs, how they are impossible to see. Most of those I could see about me now were uniform in size and the glow of each point of light was the same except for one with a slight green-tinge. That would be my way back home. I want so much to just let go and feel myself float to the warmth of that waiting avenue but I know that I must stick this out. I need to know for sure that I’m not leaving Dave to live through radical cancer surgery because I know that Brian will awake to find his teeth and part of his tongue gone. He is going to lose flesh from the inside of his left cheek and part of the bone of his jaw. He is going to have a hole in his throat and be on a ventilator—I just can’t leave him alone with that.

***

“Tina,” I heard a whisper and felt a nudge on my shoulder. I opened my eyes to find Lucy above me in the dark. She clicked on a bedside lamp next to me.
“Honey, will you please call surgery and check on Brian? They’ll only give information to his closest relative.”
I nodded and groggily sat up in the small twin bed. We were in a motel close to the hospital where families of patients of the University of Iowa hospitals could get affordable overnight accommodations. It appeared that we had checked in earlier in the day because Brian’s parents, (my grandaunt Lucy and husband Drew), the girls and me, all had luggage already in the room when we arrived here tonight; obviously the family was anticipating staying for a few days as Brian recovers.
We had arrived here at 9 p.m. for the night. Brian’s five hour surgery had turned into an all-day drama and his entire family had been through the wringer. It had been terrible to watch it unfold. Molly and Jackson had stayed as long as they could but they had finally needed to head home to Fremont at about 6 p.m. because Jackson had had livestock chores to see to. It was heart-wrenching to watch Molly and Lucy share a warm embrace, drawing strength from each other. I could tell that the two sisters had remained close throughout their lifetimes.
I glanced at the clock on the wall above my bed and saw that it was 10:30 p.m. Over ten hours since the actual surgery had begun now and I’d managed to stay in the warp and not return to the future against my will. I grabbed the receiver and unfolded the paper with the phone number which had been provided to us as we had left the hospital when we had given up on sticking it out after it had become clear that the end of the surgery wasn’t coming any time soon. Most everyone had been sleeping in the waiting room chairs for hours by that point anyway.
Over the course of the day, many other families of other patients had come and gone. They had arrived and filled the seats in the waiting room, and then a doctor had come to talk to them and a short while later an orderly had called out a name and they had left to follow their loved one back to their room after emerging from recovery. Again and again it had happened; the orderlies had stopped at the threshold, called out a name and off they had gone—their waiting at an end.
Except for this family, my loved ones, who had become more distraught as the hours had ticked by and their fears had mounted. They had tried to keep it together for me though, for Tina. This young woman whose husband and the father of her unborn baby was so at risk. It had been obvious that Lucy and the others were very cognizant and had put on a positive face for the pregnant Tina.
The team of doctors had told us to expect this slow process about mid-afternoon. They had been working cautiously, removing tissue, sending the samples off to the lab, waiting for the word that would tell them that they’d either reached healthy tissue or still needed to go further and deeper.
“It’s a very time consuming process,” one surgeon, tall, thin, wearing blue scrubs and a matching cap, had told us as he had spent a few minutes with our family while resting his back which had become weary from hours of standing over Brian. He had talked about how they hadn’t wanted to take any more of him than was necessary, but that they were determined to aggressively try and get all of the cancer while trying to be as conservative as possible. He had been very upbeat and positive and I’d liked him immediately because he’d given off the vibe of an everyman, although he had obviously been a very accomplished cancer surgeon of his day. I’d found myself getting pre-occupied, watching him pop M&M’s into his mouth and chewing them up as he’d spoken, while I had pondered the amazing fact that the candy had even existed back in 1943.
As the hours had crawled by, we had all gone back to the cafeteria for dinner, then later Reva, Mable, and I had gone down for a snack. It had been the longest day of my life as I had lived the misery and uncertainty that my dear grandaunt Lucy’s family had endured. I felt such a sense of compassion for these loving people and was very proud of their courage in the face of such horror. I would have given anything to have been able to assure them that Brian would most certainly survive.
I dialed the number now and waited for a couple of rings before a man answered.
“Surgery,” he said pleasantly.
“Hello, my name is Tina Mars and I am calling to check on my husband Brian.”
“Missus Mars, he’s still in surgery. The timeline now looks like another two hours.”
I held the phone under my chin and repeated the information to Lucy. She shook her head and covered her mouth with her hands.
I put the phone back to my ear and asked quietly, “Is he doing okay?”
“His vitals are good. He’s young which is in his favor,” he assured me.
I repeated the words to Lucy and then agreed with the man on the phone. “Yes, he’s young and strong.”
I watched Lucy take a seat on my bed and cross her arms over her chest, hugging herself as if attempting to hold all of her pieces together.
“Missus Mars,” he man continued, pulling me back to the conversation. “Once he’s out of surgery it’s expected that he will be in recovery for twenty-four hours. By tomorrow morning, assuming that they are finished by midnight or so, you should be able to come in and see him for a few minutes,” he said gently. “If you call around midnight or 12:30 we should be able to confirm that he is on the way to recovery.”
“I’ll call again. Thank you very much,” I said.
I hung up the phone and saw that everyone else in the room was sitting up on their cots, expectant. I gave the information to them and it was obvious that they were all devastated.
“How can someone be under anesthetic for this long?” Mable asked. “Isn’t it dangerous to Brian?”
“He’ll be fine,” Reva said confidently. “Let’s all get some more sleep. It’s going to be a long day tomorrow.”
Lucy set her wind-up alarm clock for 12:30 and then everyone settled back on their cots to go back to sleep. I turned off the bedside lamp and lay down on my side. Tina’s baby was being very active, fluttering little hiccups of movement. I gently ran my hand over my small baby bump soothing him as I closed my eyes and I prayed that I could stay in the warp and that it wouldn’t end before I was able to confirm that Dave had warped out and was no longer in Brian’s body.

***

Brian’s surgery did end by 12:30 and when we got the news, we had reset the alarm for 7 a.m. and then we were all up promptly at that time, everyone taking turns in the bathroom, getting cleaned up and ready for the day. Drew called the recovery room to see if we could go in and see Brian and after he hung up the phone, he told us that we were all set, but he was acting strange. He excused himself to go out into the hall for a cup of coffee that was provided to guests at a small refreshment station just outside of our room. He gestured for Lucy to join him and his eyes glanced in my direction as he spoke quietly to her and together they left the room. He didn’t realize that I had seen the frantic curl of his finger as he had summoned her but I had. After a minute, I opened the door and joined them. Something was up and I wanted to know what it was.
“Tina, honey,” Lucy said with a brave smile as I approached and Drew whipped around to look at me—my arrival stopping the discussion. I had definitely interrupted a solemn conversation.
“What is it?” I asked. “Is something wrong with Brian?”
“Tina,” Lucy said gently, reaching out to put an arm around my shoulders. “They advised us that you should not go in alone. Drew didn’t know if we should tell you. The nurse said that we will all be shocked by his appearance when we see him.”
I felt sick and I closed my eyes and reached out to steady myself against the nearest wall. I still had no idea if it was Dave trapped in this nightmare.
“They said that Brian is awake and fighting the tracheostomy tube even though he’d been told about the procedure and had been taught how to breathe and not fight it but…” Drew shook his head.
It must be Dave, I thought in horror. He’s still trapped in Brian’s body and doesn’t know what’s happening to him.
“We need to go—we need to hurry. Maybe our being there will help,” I said abruptly as I hurried down the hall and into our room.
“Reva, Mable, we need to go! Brian needs us,” I ordered and hurried to find my shoes and donned my fall jacket.
The entire drive to the hospital, riding in the backseat between Reva and Mable, I held their hands in my own and we—all of us—were trembling from fear and my hands were as clammy as theirs. The girls continued to try to be upbeat saying to me, “He’ll be fine.”, “The worst is over.”, “Brian is strong.”
All I could think about was my love, likely trapped here and I tried to imagine myself going in to see Brian and seeing the terror-filled eyes of Dave looking back at me. Could I stand this? I wasn’t sure—all the way up to and including the moment that my hand touched the heavy wooden door with its narrow window that gave me a peek into the intensive care recovery room.
A middle-aged nurse coming around the edge of a green-curtained bed saw me peering through the glass window and smiled kindly as she approached.
“We’re here to visit Brian,” Lucy informed her.
“Come in—he’s resting comfortably now. We gave him a little more sedative because he was fighting the breathing tube. We’ll be waking him up again more gradually a little later this morning.”
Lucy and Reva each held my arms as we all three entered as one
I need to go. I need to go! I thought frantically but then we followed the nurse around the hanging curtain and I saw Brian. He was the only patient currently in the large room and he was very still, gray, hooked up to several monitors and machines including the respirator which made a swishing sound with each breath that it forced his lungs to take. He looked near death to me but other than the hose that protruded from his taped up throat, the right side of his face that we could see as we approached the bed, looked fine.
“He looks good,” I croaked as I grabbed ahold of the guardrail and ran my eyes over his profile. His hospital gown was off of his arms and his bare chest rose and fell oddly from the force of the respirator keeping him breathing. Lucy and Reva went around to the other side of the bed and I knew that it was the left side of his face that would be disfigured.
Reva began crying and covered her eyes with her hands. “Oh Mother, Mother,” she sobbed taking Lucy into her arms as she began to cry also.
“Oh my poor boy,” Lucy anguished. “My poor—poor boy!”
I found myself then being clutched firmly at both of my elbows, assisted by Drew and Mable as they started to bring me around the foot of the bed and to Brian’s left side. I knew that in a moment I would be seeing the hurt that Brian was to endure for the rest of his life and I knew that I wasn’t brave enough for this. I wasn’t—I just wasn’t! So I let myself go and I allowed myself to be pulled toward my portal and home.
Damn coward! Goddamn coward! I railed at myself angrily while at the same time I felt a flood of relief at being on my way back to my world. I was already formulating a plan though—if Dave was still there, I would try and come back. I would call Ray and have him go over with me again exactly how to get back there if I need to. I just prayed that Dave would be home and I wouldn’t need to visit this time or place ever again.

***

I returned from the warp gently—it was the most gradual return I have ever experienced and perhaps it was my expertise kicking in, but for whatever reason I awoke as if from normal sleep—to find myself laying comfortably on my side in the pre-dawn gray of our bedroom.
“Hi,” Dave whispered. “You caught me watching you.”
“Oh, Dave!” I cried happily and pulled him into my embrace, sobbing against his throat. “I was so scared. I’m so sorry, Dave. When did you get back? Did you wake up from surgery?”
“Hey, Torie,” he whispered gently. “Shhh, I got back about the time that they put him under. Actually I got bounced around—free-falling into a couple of other stops in the land of warps but I got back a few hours ago.”
I started crying harder then, really crying, and he pulled me closer and let me blubber until I was all cried out.
“I didn’t know what to do. I was afraid I would be leaving you there so I stayed and stayed. What a terrible thing Aunt Lucy’s family lived through. It—it was just a nightmare, Dave,” I stammered brokenly.
“I’m so sorry,” Dave apologized, running his hands up and down my back gently. “If I could have figured out how, I would have come back for you, Torie. But next time, please do as I ask and come back and wait for me here. Like I told you, I’ve lived through a lot of really bad shit over the last year, honey. Last night doesn’t even crack the top fifty of my worst experiences.”
I was amazed at his calm and his bravery. “It’s in the top five for me,” I said and sniffed loudly.
“We did it, though,” he reminded me. “We stayed the night together and woke up in each other’s arms.” He wrapped me up tighter. “We’re on our way to getting our life back, Torie. Can you believe it?”
“We did, didn’t we?” I remembered and wiped my tears as my excitement overtook the fear and I hugged his neck. “Oh Dave, we are! We’re getting our life back, aren’t we?”
“Yep—next warp will be better,” he promised. “We’ll get this figured out.”



Chapter 37


Torie

With Rose Lynn safely deposited at the daycare center, Dave and I rendezvoused with Jeff and Carrie at the Finish Line to begin our day of searching for the lost girls. They were inside the diner having some breakfast and came to their feet as we arrived.
“All set?” Jeff asked, tossing some money on the table to settle his bill.
“We have until 4 p.m. so let’s get going,” Dave confirmed.
Dave and I waited in our truck and both did a double take as Jeff opened his cab door for Carrie to join him for the ride, giving her a soft kiss before she slid into the driver’s seat and scooted on in. It was so sweet to watch. Nelly’s remix of “Cruise” by Florida Georgia Line just happened to be blasting from Jeff’s stereo when he climbed in and started his engine. It was so fitting for the country bad boy who seemed to be turning into a knight in shining armor right before our very eyes.
“I think that boy may have it bad,” Dave said voicing exactly what I was thinking. I couldn’t help but predict that Jeff and Carrie could be a match made in time warp heaven if Jeff played his cards right.
I folded the map to our carefully charted out coordinates and held it on my lap, ready to navigate while Dave gave a thumbs up to Jeff as we all headed out of the gravel parking lot of the Finish Line.

***

“Okay, so who is gonna hold the rope?” Jeff asked.
“Wait a minute! Who says you’re going down there?” Dave asked. “I think that I should be the one.”
“Why’s that? I’m the one with climbing experience,” Jeff said.
“Yeah, climbing around on rooftops,” Dave barked back.
“Well, I have the safety harness and line and pulley in my truck bed right now so I guess I win,” Jeff countered, trumping any argument Dave might have had in the wings. The testosterone-fueled macho man vibe was heavy in the air. I decided that I needed to put the kibosh on the direction that this conversation was heading.
“No one is going down there,” I insisted raising my voice loudly. “We are simply going to turn on the camera and lower it.”
The four of us were standing at the precipice of the black void—with a pile of old wood and a large concrete disk tossed to the wayside. We had found it about two-hundred feet back from the road after I had led the way as we had climbed between the strands of barbed wire and up the barely discernible gravel drive. The old homestead was completely gone, but as we had walked I had been replaying the time warp in my head and mentally recalling inhabiting Lindy when I had looked back toward the drive. I could recall standing before the original house and I had described the journey that Lindy and Coyle had taken that day, as Dave and the others had followed along behind me.
Just beyond where the house would have once been, and walking in the direction that the barn would have once stood, we had found the well fairly quickly. It had been covered by a large concrete slab and it had taken all four of us and two shovels as levers to get it to slide off of the cavernous hole.
But then the guys were not willing to simply take finding an old well as evidence unless I could find some other traces that would make it indisputable. After an hour of scouring the sites that I felt for sure had once held the house and barn, I had been forced to give up. Besides, Allen’s buildings from his 1904 homestead had been razed again at some point after 1981 when I had visited this old farm with my dad and there was absolutely no sign of any structures.
So here we stood—with Dave and Jeff now deciding that the best evidence will be for them to go down the well to see if they can find any of the girls’ remains.
“Risk the camera? Nope! Not happening. We don’t even know how deep it is,” Jeff snapped.
“Hey, it’s my camera and I don’t care if we risk it. You think it’s better to risk one of your lives rather than a three-hundred dollar camera?” I snapped back. “We don’t even need to do that. Let’s just keep looking for remnants of the barn or the house. The house was back that way about a hundred feet.”
“Torie, we’ve been looking for an hour and have found nothing substantial. The only way to know if this is the place is to try and get to the bottom of this well and see if we can find anything. If the girls really are here—we’ll find bones—at the very least a skull,” Dave said firmly.
“Carrie, help me out here,” I whined. I gave her a wide-eyed silent plea to help me rein in these idiots before it got any more out of hand.
“Let’s grab one of those large rocks over there and drop it down the well,” she said as she pulled out her smart phone. “We can time it and then I can find,” she paused and turned her phone to show us. “Got it—a calculator. I love technology! It states that it’s accurate to within twenty or thirty feet allowing for the variables of the weight of the item being dropped, gravitational pull—yada, yada.”
“Carrie! I wasn’t kidding! No one is going down there,” I said again but as I spoke, Jeff went to grab the rock and Dave fell to his knees beside the hole.
“It’s our best option for being sure that we have the right place and proving without doubt that your dream really was a warp,” Dave said, and by the tone of his voice I could tell that I was going to have an uphill battle to win against the three of them.
“No, I vote to just dangle the camera down there and pull it back up and see if it catches anything,” I said firmly. “None of you are going to put yourselves at risk.”
“Hardly a risk if we are lowered in a harness,” Dave argued. “We can back my truck up and hook the line to the trailer hitch and just lower one of us…”
“No!” I said. “That’s crazy! We have no idea how deep it is—it could be full of water. There could be dangerous gasses—the walls could collapse.”
“Doubtful,” Jeff called as he came back across the scruffy weed-filled farmyard with several rocks in his hands; he was juggling them as he approached. “Okay, let’s do this, and I’m going to be the one to go down,” he corrected Dave. “It’s my harness.”
Carrie sat on her heels on the ground near the lip of the well and flexed her index finger at me. “Come on, we need your ears, Torie. We all need to listen for it to hit bottom.”
I resigned myself to accepting the plan and joined the others, all of us perched at the well’s edge on our knees and I got goose bumps as I looked down into the pitch blackness. The chill air that wafted out of the depths smelled so familiar. I could recall the cool earthy odor as Lindy Smith had crashed through the wooden cover. I could even remember the feeling that had tightened in her middle as she had tumbled. That feeling like when you go down the first big hill of a roller coaster and your stomach seems to be dropping out.
“First a smaller one just to see if we hear water because if it’s full of water, then any remains of the girls will be history,” I said with a heavy sigh of resignation.
“I agree,” Dave nodded.
Jeff crouched beside us and took the smallest of the rocks, about the size of a peach, and dropped it down into the inky blackness. We all listened carefully and heard a flinty dry sound as it landed in just seconds.
“No water,” Dave confirmed. “So now a large one and I’ll time it.”
Jeff chose a rock about the size of a brick.
Dave studied his watch for a few moments and then ordered, “Now.”
Jeff let it go and the depths returned a loud echoey reverb as it struck bottom.
“About three seconds,” Dave announced and looked at Carrie.
She quickly typed the information into her phone. “Okay, with variance for gravity, weight of the rock, and the time it took for the noise to bounce back it’s roughly two-hundred plus feet.”
“Whoa,” Jeff chuckled and jumped to his feet, slapping his hands together to remove the dust. “Okay—show time. Dave, you back your truck up here and I’ll grab the harness and lines from my bed. I have a two-hundred foot length in the harness.”
“Dave, no!” I tried again, grabbing his arm and stopping him. “I’m sure that it is this farm and this well. It just has to be.”
“Torie, we’ll be careful. Jeff’ll be fine,” he said.
“No! Damn it! This is dangerous,” I snapped.
“Torie!” Dave roared. “We can’t call the fire department or anyone else to come and investigate this. We’ve got to handle it ourselves and if we’re not one hundred percent positive that this is the correct place then we’ll have no chance of helping Peter Mills to get here or of being sure that you warp in at the correct time and place. Are you willing to stake all of our futures and Peter’s sacrifice on a maybe? We’ve got just one chance at this, honey—one chance to protect Rose Lynn and our futures as well as everyone else’s and to be rid of Thompson!”
The quiet was deafening as the others stopped and watched us. Dave glared into my eyes and I knew he was right—we had to know for sure and I slowly nodded my agreement.
Dave and Jeff turned for the drive and their trucks.
“I have some wire cutters in the toolbox in my bed,” Jeff said. “I’ll get the gate open.”
“I have a hundred foot length of nylon rope in my bed that we can use to lower the camera,” Dave offered.
“Perfect,” Jeff was saying as they moved off.
“It’ll be fine,” Carrie assured me as we both watched them head out. “We’ll just lower Jeff to the end of his rope and dangle the camera the rest of the way down and when we pull him back up—maybe we’ll have undisputable evidence.”
“I know,” I agreed. “Just thinking about if something goes wrong—glass half empty, you know.”
“Typical mother hen,” she said with a laugh. “I can tell that these guys have this handled, Torie. Don’t worry.”
She gave me a wink and then we both stood back out of the way as Dave drove over the bumpy terrain and turned the truck to back up to the hole. He opened his door and leaned out to watch as he backed up and Carrie and I used our hands to assist by waving him on. We both held up our hands when he was within about five feet of the hole, giving him room to get Jeff’s harness attached to the tow hook.
“Once we get you hitched up then I’ll back in a few more feet. I could probably get the trailer hitch out over the hole so that we can just let you hang straight in without touching the sides. Probably would be best so that we don’t disturb the walls and cause debris to drop on you or collapse the whole thing,” he decided.
“That would be a bad thing,” Jeff agreed. “Okay, let’s do this,”



Chapter 38


Torie

Jeff cupped his hand around the screen and turned his back to the sun to further shield the camera from the glare.
“What can you see?” I asked anxiously. “Anything?”
“Something is definitely on the bottom.” He handed the camera to me and I copied his stance as I watched some of the footage.
“It’s impossible to tell what it might be, out here in the sun and with the tiny screen,” I said and handed it on to Carrie, to have a look.
“Let’s get this closed up and then head back to our house and look at it on the flat screen,” Dave suggested as he unhooked the nylon rope from Jeff’s harness and Jeff stepped out of the apparatus. Dave jumped into his truck and moved it from the edge of the well and left the door open as he returned and took in some of the slack of the rope while Jeff wound the other end around the metal handles of the concrete slab. Then Dave climbed into the cab and slowly gave it the gas, carefully moving the concrete cover.
Jeff gestured to me and Carrie. “Everyone grab ahold,” he directed as we all helped to guide the cover smoothly over the well. After we’d finished, we had to wait while Dave and Jeff repaired the barbed wire fencing across the driveway before heading back to the house to look at the footage.

***

I finished drawing the shades and joined Carrie sitting cross-legged on the family room rug before the television as we waited for Dave and Jeff to make the connection between the camera and the TV.
“Okay,” Jeff said excitedly. “Hit the lights, Dave. Here we go!”
Dave flipped the light switch and then both men took seats beside us as the footage started.
First visible was the camera panning across the three of us, the ground, the sky as Jeff had messed around with getting it seated snuggly in the hammock that he had fashioned at the end of the length of thin nylon rope. He had turned the camera’s LED light on, and handed it off to Carrie. Then she had filmed him as he had climbed up onto the back bumper of the truck and stood on the hitch while Dave had gone to his cab and started to back up. Once he had the trailer hitch out over the well, he stopped.
While Carrie was continuing to document the expedition with the camera, she had scanned across me as I’d finished neatly coiling the camera line and then we’d waited until Jeff had situated himself and was dangling at ground level in the harness before she had handed the camera over. We had fashioned a loop at the end so that he could have it attached to his wrist and not drop it into the depths. The camera was filming all the while, and as he descended, Jeff had pointed it up at the three of us standing at the edge, as he had slowly disappeared.
“See ya soon,” he called up to us and I could see myself waving and Dave giving him the thumbs up sign.
After about twenty feet, Jeff turned the camera from us and out in front of him. He used his booted feet to steady himself and keep from bumping into the sides of the well as he descended further. The images became sort of jerky as he juggled the camera while he was trying to run the latch and pulley system of the harness and not drop the camera in the process.
“Damn, Jeff!” Dave growled at the bad photography.
“Just wait!” Jeff snapped back. “It wasn’t easy you know.”
After a minute or so the quality of the footage improved quite a bit.
“See,” Jeff said with satisfaction. “Told you.”
On the footage before us he paused and held the camera close to the wall to give us a view of what he was seeing as he narrated.
“Look how smooth the walls are and how the limestone makes them appear to be white,” he said and then he paused again in his play by play as he dropped quickly farther into the depths. We could see his hand reach out to touch the surface of the wall. “Completely bone dry and the earthy smell is gone. I’m about fifty feet in.”
“Okay, hold tight,” he narrated—his voice echoing eerily and then it was just a blur of ghostly white images as the camera light had cut through the inky pitch-blackness. We could hear the sound of the rope zipping as he free fell until he had reached the end of his line.
“So, here I am at the two-hundred foot range. I doubt that this well was ever wet. I’m way below the water table and it should have some moisture.” He held his hand before the camera as he touched the wall and then showed the camera that it was dry.
Okay,” he said and pointed the camera toward his face and smiled. Then he aimed it up to the top of the well and the light of the world above. On the screen you could just barely make out that we were up there, looking down into the depths.
“Shit, it’s frickin’ cold down here! Okay, here we go,” Jeff said to the camera. We could hear him juggling with the metal mechanism as he clamped off his line to free up his hands. Then there were a lot of jumbled images as he got situated. We were able to see his blue jeans and that he’d had his legs spread and feet braced against the walls. Then the camera was turning in slow circles as it started to descend from his lap, first seeing his legs but then as it pointed straight down into the blackness, its light cut through the dark to reveal just the smooth white walls passing by, foot by foot, around and around.
I think that we all moved closer to the television screen in unison as the bottom of the well first came into view. At first it was just the light of the camera bouncing off the depths but then the light increased as it approached and illuminated the floor. There was some rock and loose gravel but in just seconds of observing the steadying view I could see that one of the rocks had holes—and it was easy to see the undeniable form of a human skull. I stood from the floor and rushed to push pause on the camera as everyone else scooted closer to the TV. I turned my head so that I was looking head on at the small white skull which was lying sidelong. There was a large crack that went from the crown, down the forehead and into the brow bone, breaking one of the eye sockets.
“Hello, sweetheart,” I said softly, reaching out to touch the ghostly image lightly. “We found you.”
“Oh my God,” Carrie whispered. “They really are there.”
“Let it play again, Torie,” Jeff said. “I started to move the rope from side to side to be sure that I covered the entire width of the well and then I set it down on the bottom.”
I pushed play and after a few more moments of seeing the skull, the camera slowly panned as it moved lower and swung toward the side of the well.
“Stop,” Dave said.
I immediately hit pause and he pointed to the screen. “Look,” he said while running his finger along the almost fluorescent bright white image. “That’s a pelvic bone.”
Carrie pointed to a barely discernible form at the edge of the light from the camera.
“Another skull,” she confirmed. “You can’t see the face but see that? Isn’t that part of a lower jaw underneath, right there? I’m sure I can see teeth.”
“Let it run again, Torie,” Dave ordered and I quickly obeyed.
The video began again but instead of confirming Carrie’s observation, it swung to the opposite side of the well and then rested on the bottom and a film of dust puffed up as it landed. There didn’t appear to be anything before the camera until the dust settled and then directly before the lens was—what? I paused the camera again as we all stared at the screen, attempting to decide what it was. It appeared to be a stringy structure.
“What is that?” I asked aloud.
“I can’t tell,” Carrie said. “Maybe some kind of spider web?”
“That deep,” Dave said doubtfully.
“I know what it is!” I exclaimed. “It’s cloth. We’re looking at it too close but it has to be some kind of material. Look right there.” I pointed to the far right of the frame. “See that pattern of squares? I think that we’re looking at burlap up close so that it is appears to be a mesh. The kittens were in a burlap bag.”
“I think you’re right,” Jeff agreed. “Let it run again. Let’s see if it’s more visible as the camera is pulled back up.”
I started the camera again and after a couple of moments sitting on the bottom of the well on its side, it lifted again and was again turning as it started to rise. As it moved, we all tried to glimpse the material but the camera didn’t catch it. It did, however, show, once more, a view of the first skull that we had seen on the video. Then the camera started back up the well.
“I would say that we have undeniable evidence that we have the right place,” Dave said. “I think that we need to show Ray what we found and where it’s located.”
“We have the where,” I agreed. “Now we just need to set the trap.”



Chapter 39


Torie

There was the clatter of the dinner dishes being placed into a tub of hot wash water just inside the kitchen. The screen door slapped closed behind me as I stepped out onto the back porch landing and I was immediately surrounded by several cats. I held two glasses in my hands, one was for them. I poured the heavy cream Grandma Alice had saved for them into a porcelain saucer that was already in place beside the door, moving it out from the house so that they could all find a spot around the perimeter to enjoy the treat. I left the empty glass on the rail and started down the steps to bring some chilled tea to my great-granduncle Peter Mills. It was also a treat—the tea being chilled, I mean. The pitcher had been cooling in the icebox all day.
The iceman had come this day and it had been a first for me, witnessing the usual every third day occurrence. The iceman had driven a little white wagon, pulled by an old gray mare and all the young kids had been so excited to see it come into view, almost like when I was a kid and the ice cream truck would drive through my neighborhood bringing Popsicles and other summer treats.  On this day back in 1911, all the young kids had run to the back of his wagon expectantly as he had removed his tongs and reached into the wagon to move a linen cover and expose a large block of pure white ice. He’d used a chisel to break off small chunks for each child while they had held out their hands to thankfully receive their portion. With a questioning raise of his brows, he had surveyed the curious onlooker, me, but I’d shaken my head, declining the offer of a sliver for myself. For the little kids, on a hot August day like this, it had been more than welcome.
The man, beefy and large, with bulging well-muscled forearms and biceps, had been in the prime of his life but, curiously, had possessed a head full of slate-gray hair which hadn’t seemed to match his youth and vitality. I had watched him as he had first covered his shoulder and back with a leather pad to protect his skin from the sub-freezing chill before heaving the block with the tongs and carrying it upon his back toward the house and on around back to the kitchen. I’d hurried ahead of him and being the first to the screen door, had opened it for him, making way as he’d entered. Grandma Alice had already had the door of the wooden cabinet open and ready to receive the steaming white block and had closed the door to the insulated cubby quickly after it.
The ice block had taken up about a quarter of the interior of the cabinet, with its several shelves beside and below the ice, meant to hold meats, fruits and vegetables, butter and milk, and on this day, a pitcher of tea. The icebox had been a pretty amazing accomplishment in its day—the luxury of a refrigerator, still many years away for average folks. The iceman and the business of harvesting ice from the river in the winter would be the way that summertime refrigeration was accomplished up to the early to mid-twentieth century.
The other firsts for me this day—the first time inhabiting my grandaunt Joanna and the first time getting a chance to really know the young man who would be her first husband, William Olson. He had been a wonderful young man and the entire family had gushed to me their approval of him. They had all found him to be very amusing and he had kept the family in stitches through most of dinnertime. The conversation had been a little beyond me and most of his references that had everyone laughing, had gone way over my head. I hadn’t been able to understand what was so funny because many of the terms that he’d used were outdated and no longer in use in my time, but I had played along and laughed in all the appropriate places with the rest of the family.
I mean, for example, he had been telling us a story about cleaning out a shed with his family and as he’d put it—he had thought that finishing was simply pie in the sky and his brother, who also had put the dampers on had said to his father, ‘Why do you have to always be down to the gnat’s ass?’ which had nearly drove his father doolally. That got a huge laugh—huge. I’d decided that I was going to need to break out my thesaurus or something when I got home to look up some of his antiquated phrases.
William Olson would die in the winter of 1917, as would his older brother and father, whom he had been speaking of affectionately in the telling of the shed story. All of them had passed away within a week of each other and were victims of a deadly wave of scarlet fever that had roared through the Fremont area and had left Joanna Mills Olson a very young widow. On this day back in 1911, William had been her new beau and it had been obvious that he was crazy about her.
The most important first of this day, which is just moments away now, will be my meeting with Peter Mills—when he will know, with certainty, that I am a time traveler from the future. I had met with Ray yesterday and he had explained to me how to override my compulsion to stay in character and to ‘break the fourth wall’ as he had called it. He had been referring to stage performances, movies or TV shows, when a character unexpectedly speaks directly to their audience or narrator, breaking the illusion of make-believe and separation.
I had never done such a thing in my travels, had never even considered it, never would. Unless completely alone with a known traveler, such as when I’d had a few minutes with Dave at Samuel McFall’s funeral or when he’d inhabited Brian at the hospital, or when I had come across Jeff in the past and had spoken to him privately and directly—otherwise a traveler stays in character and plays their part, period.
What I am about to do is going against every rule because by speaking with Peter directly as a traveler, it is not only breaking that illusion of separation, it is announcing to him that Joanna Mills who I am inhabiting and likely he himself, at my time in the future, are both deceased and in essence, forcing him to face his own mortality. I can’t imagine what my reaction would be if our places were reversed. Silently holding the knowledge of a loved one’s death, right down to the very day, is one thing; revealing that indisputable truth to them is something altogether different.
Ray had assured me that Peter Mills possessed an exceptional understanding of time travel, a strong mind, and ample courage to face these truths without flinching. Even with that assurance, I’d needed to work up to this meeting all afternoon, missing several opportunities earlier in the day but now I am finally feeling that I am ready as I walk down the steps and cross the yard to join him where he is seated on a bench beneath a shade tree, alone and whittling a piece of wood. As often, sitting by himself while the rest of the men folk are currently out front on the porch of Henry Mills’ house, talking of politics or crop conditions.
I had spent this long and lovely weekend day with my great-grandparents Henry and Alice, and with their entire immediate family. It had been one of those great big family get-togethers, the kind that I’d always treasured most, during my early time travels. The kind that I now know are little intentional islands or destinations that had been carefully orchestrated and created by my family’s previous time traveling generations—little points of contact, where travelers can come back to and share, over and over again.
Helping with dinner had been wonderful—all of us young Mills sisters—Joanna, Lucy, and Molly—doing the work, while Alice oversaw and Great-Great-Grandma Rose had given her two cents worth regarding the seasoning of everything on the menu. Throughout the afternoon, as the mouth-watering aroma had filled the house, the men folk had wandered in and out of the kitchen trying to sneak a sample from the large pot of beef and noodles, but were immediately shooed on their way by Grandma Rose. She is so feisty!
All the Wyman and Mills grand and great-grandchildren had been held over to dinner with apple slices and little samples of fresh bread. We girls and womenfolk had laughed and talked the afternoon away; taking little breaks to go out onto the back porch to cool down every so often and it had never failed that when we had headed back inside, we had found the men folk again in the kitchen and had immediately shown them the door. It had been fun and funny—an extraordinary day!
Alice had insisted that she would handle the clean-up and with it being so hot in the kitchen, we girls had accepted her offer thankfully. I was happy to get outside in the cooling breeze of this early August evening and to get some alone time with Peter. I set the cool glass of tea on the bench beside him now and took a spot on the rough wooden seat to watch him work.
“What are you carving?” I asked him. 
Peter held it up so that I could get a good look. “Bobcat—I saw one just the other day when I was out walking the river east of here. Once I have it carved I’ll add some resin to color and protect it.”
“It’s an amazing gift that you have,” I observed.
“Nothing that can’t be done by a million other people,” he corrected self-deprecatingly. He didn’t look directly into my eyes but glanced over and then lowered his gaze quickly from my face before saying thoughtfully. “This is my destiny, girl.”
“You know then?” I asked to confirm.
“I don’t know your name but I know that you are not Joanna. You are the traveler I have been expecting today.”
“Yes,” I said.
He didn’t seem surprised at all by my admitting it. He didn’t even bat an eye.
“I was visited by a man many, many years ago who was a traveler himself and he told me I would be visited by travelers in my future and to be watchful. I had another visit from him just yesterday telling me that I would be visited by a woman and he told me to look for you today.”
He looked over at me briefly and I just smiled.
It was staggering to comprehend that Ray had carefully orchestrated this visit for today as well as continuing to prepare Peter to assist us. The very first meeting that Peter now described as many, many years ago, had been less than a week ago when Ray had first told Peter about Thompson terrorizing the Mills family line and the traveler community of Fremont.
That meeting had occurred over forty years in Peter’s past when he had been a younger man, in his early thirties. Ray and he had met on a street of Fremont back in the year 1870 where they had sat on a bench outside a livery stable on an autumn day and Ray had told him of the plan. Peter had volunteered to assist in laying the trap for Thompson the moment that Ray had suggested it. When Ray had informed Peter that it could possibly make no change in his life at all or it could change his life’s course or possibly even mean his death, Peter had agreed to assist without hesitation.
“And so now, here you are,” Peter continued as he chuckled softly.
“Here I am,” I agreed. “I’m grateful to meet you. Are you sure about assisting us?” I ventured hesitantly.
“You’re doing the right thing. It’ll be the most important achievement of my life and the greatest gift that I could ever give—that will stretch out far into the future. Not many men can make such a claim,” he said with a nod and looked into my eyes briefly and away once more.
“It’s the greatest gift that I will receive in my lifetime,” I said and nodded when he glanced at me again guardedly. I meant it and I couldn’t argue with his reasoning. I hope that he is right and that our plan will be a wonderful gift, not only for my small family, but for generations of descendants. The truth though, is that we, none of us, have any idea what will occur if we are successful. Peter Mills had a tremendous amount of courage to accept whatever the outcome might be.
At this point in his life, Peter was well into old age. He possessed white hair and a full beard that matched in color, nearly as snowy-white as an Iowa winter. He had never married and so had no children and had lived with Alice and Henry for most of their married years. All that had been true before Ray had begun grooming him for the plan. The meetings with Ray had not changed the essence of Peter’s life. Even with the knowledge about our plan, his life had followed its same course which is heartening to me and helps to temper my fears.
This hot summer day that I am now sharing with Peter is the summer of 1911, eleven years before the end of his life. Peter died in his bed of old age in the winter of 1922 at the age of eighty-two. The inquest that had been held, had determined that he had likely died from a stroke while he slept. His obituary in the Fremont Gazette had been just two paragraphs and I’m not sure who had written it but it was likely a reporter from the newspaper because it had lacked any real feeling. However, a portion of it had seemed to sum Peter Mills up perfectly.


Mr. Mills was a quiet, unassuming citizen, found on the right side of any question relating to the well-being of the town and community and, while of a retiring disposition and not given to mingling with men, he will be missed.


That was Peter Mills in a nutshell. He’d had nearly debilitating shyness, but when with a whittling project and a pocket knife in hand, would open up and some conversation could be pulled from him. Whenever he had been with children, though, it had been a different story—when he was in an audience of kids, he was like a completely changed man. It seemed as though he could be himself when with children and not in a weird, creepy pedophile way, but as a teacher. He could talk for hours with the Wyman and Mills youngsters, teaching them about whittling and finding out what each piece of wood wanted to become. He would also take the kids on nature walks when he would be like a pied piper leading a group of them along the roads around his home.
I had attended one of those experiences last night in one of my many practice warps and I had secretly and quietly participated on just such a nature walk around the roads of Grandma Rose’s house. It had been late spring and I had been Dora, a young daughter of George Wyman (Grandma Alice’s brother). The year had been 1897 and Peter had been nearly fifteen years younger than on this day that I am sharing with him now. He had meandered out of the driveway and had talked as we’d followed along behind him. He had entertained us with stories about animal encounters while all of us kids had hung on his every word. He had also climbed down into the ditches to find flower and plant examples to discuss their names, their importance to the environment, or medicinal uses. I had enjoyed every moment.
I came back to the warp in progress as I inhabited Joanna and sat beside Peter, enjoying the night breeze coming up and drifting over us as we companionably shared the wooden bench. I quietly watched him work before asking softly.
“Peter, can you remember any other specific times that I can meet you again? Any occurrences that you can recall or could we just meet here again?” I suggested.
“You sure are interested in an awkward, grouchy old cuss of a man who never made a lick of difference in this here world,” he said and chuckled softly. “Must get that from the Mills line—tenacious as all get out.”
“You may be right about that,” I agreed. “I just want to know you better, and you are not a grouch,” I corrected him.
“Ever think that you may not even have these memories of me when it’s all said and done?” he asked quizzically.
I just stared at him, amazed. He wasn’t a traveler but he had the mind of a traveler. He understood the abstract concept every bit as well as I did. Perhaps this will be wiped from my memory—perhaps everything regarding this plan which the travelers are counting on working and its execution—will be lost from our collective consciousness if we are successful.
“I suppose I will find out but I believe that your life will proceed on the same course and regardless—I am determined to remember you,” I assured him.
He nodded and then his face brightened as he looked at some point just beyond me. “Right on time, Muff,” he said with a laugh. “He’s come to tell me that we had best be getting to our chores. I need to feed stock.”
The brindled Bull dog was panting as he approached and his fur was dripping wet. His muzzle was dark from being eyeball deep, likely in a water trough or the small creek that ran just beyond the outbuildings—as he had tried to cool himself and escape the summer heat.
“I best be going for now anyway, Peter,” I said and stood from the bench.
Peter closed his pocket knife, slipping it and his whittling project into the pocket of his trousers. He lifted the glass and tipped his head back finishing the tea and then held the empty glass out toward me.
“My birthday,” Peter said as I took the empty glass from his hand.
“What?” I questioned.
“A time—my birthday, February 27th  of this year. I remember because that day was bitter cold and I was helping our old dairy cow to birth an early calf. But it being six months ago you will need to introduce yourself all over again,” he chuckled.
“I can manage that. Who was with you that morning?” I asked with interest.
“It turned into a family affair as each made their way out, eventually, to take a look at the new arrival. Lucy brought me a warm breakfast at about daybreak.”
I nodded. “I’ll be there,” I promised as I held the glass and crossed my arms over my waist, watching him and Muff slowly walk away.

***

I returned from the time warp early and Dave was still asleep, or away I should say. I took the time to check his face and pulled the covers down momentarily, eyeing his torso for any signs of new injuries that might mean that he was in a time warp gone bad, but he was perfect—just perfect.
I quietly left our bedroom and walked down the hall to my office and flipped on my desktop computer. I could hear the television from downstairs and Rose Lynn sharing conversation with Bev. It had been decided last night that we will all stay at my and Dave’s home from here on out and Bev is staying in one of the downstairs guest rooms while continuing to mentor Rose Lynn.
Being home and having Rose Lynn in her own room seems surreal. The last time that she had slept in our family home had been during that time warp when Dave and I had unintentionally left her alone for nearly thirteen hours. She had still been in a baby crib then but now we have rearranged her room and added her big girl bed. It is so good to be home—beyond wonderful to have my entire little family under one roof and in our beautiful old Victorian in Fremont.
I brought up my family tree and opened the biography for Peter Mills and paged through the few photos that I have of him, including the 1910 front porch photo for one, the picture where he had been far to the right of the porch, almost out of the shot and it seemed to be true of most other pictures of him and the family. He was always on the fringe, on the edge of every experience and never quite fitting in.
I have only a couple of other items concerning Peter. One is his brief obituary and the other is a tiny little blurb I had come across years ago and I’d kept it as an interesting sweet family item. This morning it meant much more to me. It was from the Fremont Gazette and the year of 1918.


Peter Mills’ old Bull dog, “Muff” passed in his checks one morning last week at the age of 15 years and 6 months. He had been affected with many of the diseases humanity as well as canines are heir to, such as rheumatism, and asthma, and probably recently attempted appendicitis, of course, no common dog could afford appendicitis and it probably proved his undoing. He was an affectionate and intelligent fellow and in his time, a great pet to the family.


As I read the little piece now I pondered how I hadn’t ever been able to find any other reference to the phrase ‘passed in his checks’ when researching the past. I assume it must have meant cashed in his chips, or paid his last bill, maybe checks was a term for sleep—who knows. Another of those odd references such as those William Olson had kept using during dinner in my warp last night that I just do not get.
“Hey,” Dave said softly as he entered the room. He was shirtless and barefoot, dressed in just his jeans and was pulling a white tee on as he slumped into the leather chair. He raked his hands through his disheveled hair and yawned.
“How did it go last night?” he asked drowsily.
“Really good,” I said rising from my desk to take a seat in his lap. I pulled my knees up to my chest and snuggled into his welcoming embrace. “I spent an awesome day with the whole family and my visit with Peter was amazing. No Thompson. You?”
“I was just working on popping in and out without getting stuck in any warp. Just kinda channel surfing. Pretty successful at it,” he said quietly. He ran his hand up and down over my thigh absently. “Just another few days.”
“I know,” I said and ran my hand over his cheek while my thumb touched the stubble of his jaw. “I’m getting so scared about what we are doing. Is it going to be the right thing?”
“You mean regarding Peter? Isn’t he on board?” Dave asked with concern.
“No, he is,” I assured him. “It’s just all going to be very difficult. Not only Peter but that little girl Lindy, Dave—for me to intentionally pull her into the well and to her death,” I shook my head and buried my face in his neck with a shiver. “I hope that I have the courage for all of this.”
“Hey,” Dave said and I lifted my head to look into his eyes. “You’re not doing anything that didn’t already happen. It happened over a hundred years ago.”
“I know all of that but,” I sighed heavily.
“You are the bravest woman I know, Torie. You can do this,” he stated with determination.
“Peter said something that got me thinking though, Dave. He said that if it works, perhaps I will have no memory of the time he and I are sharing.”
“I suppose that could be true but you’ll have your family tree and the stories. Just be sure to write everything down,” Dave said.
“Have you considered at all, that if this works, it could have other consequences?” I asked.
“Such as?” Dave frowned.
“What if he made some contribution that neither he nor history remembers, but in the event of the loss of him, it will change the trajectory of the course of history, maybe not on a global scale but maybe the history of my family?”
“Not likely,” Dave said with a shake of his head. “Ray said that everyone is speculating, but I think that the likely outcome will be that life will go on for him as usual. Unfortunately, the reality of Thompson is not going to change without some kind of intervention.”
“But what if it works but in the process my Mills’ family, my line, is lost by some unforeseen difference Peter made regarding my great-grandfather Henry? You’ll never have met me because I won’t have ever existed. Rose Lynn will have never been born. My sisters ripped from the pages of history. Maybe my dad will never have existed to save my mom from her abusive father back in 1960. My grandpa Arlan and his siblings…”
“Torie, please stop! You’re gonna drive yourself crazy if you think about all of the ‘what ifs’,” Dave interrupted sternly. “This will work. Thompson will be sent to hell and the future that we will share with Rose Lynn from here on out will be amazing.”
A light knock on the open door interrupted our conversation. Bev smiled from the threshold where she stood holding Rose Lynn’s hand.
“Good morning,” Bev said as Rose broke free and dashed to us. Dave lifted Rose onto the arm of the chair.
“Hey, baby girl,” Dave said, accepting her kiss before she leaned across him to kiss my lips.
“Hi, Mommy,” Rose Lynn bubbled happily.
“Hey, Rosebud,” I said lightly with a smile.
“I need to get going,” Bev said, still standing at the threshold. She was dressed in her Finish Line uniform and black checked apron. Her hair was pulled back in a severe ponytail with a scrunchie. “I started you a pot of coffee and Rosie has already had some breakfast but she didn’t finish her yogurt.”
“I’ll get her something else,” I said as I scooted off of Dave’s lap and came to give Bev a hug. This was becoming my new thing—letting people into my space and sharing those things, like hugs, that used to seem like giving too much of myself away. “Thank you for staying.”
She hugged me back easily. She is such a warm and giving person and as I have come to know her over the last few days, I have really come to appreciate her open personality, her wisdom and her good-heartedness so much.
“I’ll see you tonight,” she assured me as she released me. “I’m gonna share dinner with the family because Randy and my grandma told me that they are having major withdrawals from not having me around.”
“Whenever you get here is fine,” I said and picked Rose up as we all started out of the room and down the stairs.
“I’ll be here before she goes to bed,” Bev assured me.



Chapter 40


Torie

There would be two more visits with Peter Mills, warps when he knew that I was from the future and both of them took some fancy time traveling finesse to accomplish. The first was Peter’s birthday on the morning of February 27, 1911, at Henry and Alice’s farm. Even though Peter himself had provided me with the birthday experience during the hot August evening we had shared, the birthday had been six months before that August warp and so, of course, he’d had no knowledge of me or our discussion about the experience.
The logistics—searching for the opportunity to, not only find Peter just before his birthday, but to find a moment alone with him to give him a quiet heads up to expect a traveler on his birthday, hadn’t been a simple task. It had required me to pop into and out of many portals, searching for the opportunity. The freedom of moving through time at will is still amazing to me and my skill at it is improving by leaps and bounds. In just one night of traveling I had set the stage for our visit and accomplished the warp, all in the span of a normal night’s sleep.
On Peter’s birthday, after successfully setting the stage for him to expect me, I had arrived and inhabited a teenaged Lucy Mills. The day had been just as he had described it would be and as I had finished up my breakfast with the family, I’d known that soon I would be on my way to bring him his breakfast in the early dawn hours. It had been late winter and a cold one. I had been seventeen-years-old in the warp and it had unfolded exactly as I’d assumed that it would.
So on that crispy cold early morning, I had trudged across Great-Grandpa Henry’s frozen farmyard, my footsteps squeaking on the super cold snow as I’d carefully made my way toward a big red barn where I’d known that Peter would be, tending to a cow that had calved in the night. The landscape had still been covered in deep snow but for a large swath that had been cleared between the house and the other out buildings. I had been dressed in heavy winter boots and coveralls and had a dark blue wool pea coat over the top of it all, at the insistence of Alice. I had carefully shuffled my feet to keep from slipping on the icy farmyard while balancing a plate containing a heaping breakfast covered with a linen cloth—steam rising as the heat of its contents met with the frosty chill air.
I had opened the side door to the barn and stepped inside to the relative warmth of the closed building and I could hear Peter talking quietly as I’d approached the line of low stalls along the west wall. He was busy adding clean bedding to the ground while watching a young calf as it was attempting to stand and its momma was stimulating the little thing with her tongue as she cleaned him up.
“There ya go my boy-o,” Peter said to the calf.
“Good morning, Uncle,” I called out to him as I approached.
“Good morning, Lucy. What have you got there, girl?”
“Birthday wishes and breakfast,” I said looking over the low stall slats and I couldn’t help but gush over the little brown and white cutie that came wobbling to his unsteady feet. “Oh, how sweet he is!” I exclaimed. “Mother made you some flapjacks, eggs and bacon.”
I held the plate up so that he could see it as he came from the stall and closed the gate behind himself, pausing again to watch as the calf drunkenly collapsed to the soft bedding.
“Try again, little fella,” Peter had coaxed with a low chuckle of affection and within moments, the calf had been doing just that. “He’s gonna make for a wonderful bull,” he predicted.
Peter had motioned to some bales of hay nearby and we had walked over to have a seat and I’d handed him silverware and removed the cloth napkin from the top of the plate. He’d accepted the plate with thanks as I had reached into the deep pocket of my wool overcoat and pulled out a corked bottle of water. I’d set it upon the hay bale beside him and took a seat at his side.
He’d thanked me again while lifting a strip of bacon to take a bite and then he had politely offered me to take another from his plate as he outstretched it toward me.
I had declined with a shake of my head. “I already had my share earlier,” I assured him.
He had studied me closely for a moment then, looking deeply into my eyes before glancing away, shyly. “My visitor I do believe,” he had guessed.
“Hello, Peter,” I confirmed quietly with a nod.
“A traveler visited me the other day and told me to expect this visit to share time with a distant relative from the future. So what shall we talk of this morning?” he questioned as he had taken a bite of his scrambled eggs.
“Could you tell me about your childhood? Tell me about you and Henry when you were boys,” I requested. I had been thinking about my fear regarding losing him and my determination to commit what I could to memory. “You came to the U.S. in 1850 when you were ten-years-old.”
“Yes, and Henry was just a child of about six, I believe,” he considered.
I nodded my agreement with his recollection.
“I remember very few things about our life in Germany but for the mountains which were just beautiful. The constant wars between Germany and France made for a difficult existence. Not like we enjoy here,” he said and lifted his hand holding the fork, gesturing to the large well-maintained barn we were seated in. “My father Francis was a farmer in Germany and here, and in later years he worked on the railroads.”
“Yes, he was a switchman in Oskaloosa,” I confirmed with a nod. “What of your mother, Greta?”
“My mother was a blessed saint. She had a voice as gentle and soothing as a spring breeze,” he said and paused as he seemed to be recalling it for a long moment, then he had shaken his head as if to bring himself back from the past before he continued. “Losing her within two years of our arrival in Indiana was the biggest tragedy of my young life, and Henry’s. Being a boy of ten I was expected to help in the fields while our stepmother Esther was in charge of Henry in our tiny home. Father worked hard each day to try and make do with a small field for our sustenance,” he shook his head remembering. “I never blamed him for his marriage to Esther, but Henry couldn’t abide the thought of another taking our mother’s place so quickly and Esther was not a warm woman. In fact, at first, she was rather cold and distant. At a time when Henry needed mothering and nurturing most in his young years, he never received it from her and it colored his opinion of her even to this day. She became pregnant just after their marriage and father knew that we needed to make a change. The land in Iowa had been opened up to homesteaders a few years earlier and so he took the last of our family’s fortune to secure a place in a wagon train heading west. Our lot improved here in Iowa almost immediately.”
“What did your mother die of in Indiana? Do you know where she is buried?” I asked. “I never could find anything regarding her.”
“She was buried with our baby sister in a common grave.”
“Your sister?”
“Baby Corrine,” Peter said. “Trouble from the birth had made Mother delicate and then cholera was the cause of her demise within a few months’ time. Baby Corrine died of the same dreaded disease on the same day, just three-months-old.”
“So sad that Corrine was lost to history,” I said softly.
“Not lost. Henry, being a traveler, visited those times often in our youth. He would return with the memories and he would describe it all to me and remind me of what our mother had looked like and the sound of her voice. I think even now he goes back to those times to see our mother and baby Corrine. His gift has helped me to recall them, even to this day. He’s always kept their memory alive for me. The only time any jealousy regarding my not having the gift flared—was the realization that I would never have a chance to see my mother again.”
“You knew then, throughout your life, that Henry was a traveler?”
“Yes,” he nodded. “Others of the family are as well and possibly more that I don’t know of. I can feel others though just as most folks do, sensing travelers like you—sometimes passing by.”
“There must have been other travelers in Indiana or how would Henry have learned to travel during those early times or gone back to bring the memories to you?” I asked.
“Our mother was a traveler and Henry was fully trained by the time she passed. We had other family in Indiana who’d also had the gift. When we arrived in New York harbor, our sponsor was a cousin of my father who had arrived some fifteen years before we had even considered the voyage. The family was well established in Hancock County, Indiana when we arrived and so we spent the first year in their household.”
“I don’t have any information regarding other Mills family in the U.S. before Francis arrived,” I said with puzzlement.
“You likely wouldn’t. Hans Millar was a first cousin of my father but went by the name of Harrison Miller. His entire family went by the name Miller, while we chose Mills. There was a tight knit community of German countrymen there in Indiana and when we arrived, they helped to get us established. In fact, I believe Hans even gave my father some of the funds needed for the trip to Iowa.”
“The rest all stayed in Indiana?” I asked.
“Yes. Our father felt that Iowa would be the Promised Land. There was so much talk about the rich black soil being fertile for farming…” Peter paused with a shrug. “When the opportunity arose, Father decided to pack us up and head out.”
“Do you recall sailing from Germany?” I asked.
“It was on an English ship, the Excelsior—an old wooden sailing ship. We sailed from Le Havre and landed at New York on December 2nd, 1850. The trip had taken us nearly two full months—mostly I recall the sea sickness that plagued me the first few days but soon I took to the rolling nature of the ship. Watching the sailors shimmy up and down the masts was a common pastime for Henry and me,” he studied my eyes for a moment and then added unexpectedly. “I wish I could see what you look like.”
I laughed and then said softly in explanation. “Let’s see, I’m nearing forty-years-old. I have grayish-blue eyes, dark brownish-red hair—five-feet, five inches tall,” I shrugged.
Peter turned his attention back to his plate and finished the rest of his scrambled eggs as he nodded. “My mother had a dark auburn hair color. Green eyes like a field of new alfalfa.”
I could hear voices in the distance heading our way from the direction of the house and I had known that I hadn’t much time alone with Peter to speak freely.
“Peter,” I said quickly before we were joined by the others. “I’ll meet with you again. It will take some planning but I’ll be in touch and perhaps I’ll be able to show you what I look like.”
I’d had a sudden plan come to mind but had known that I would need to speak with Ray regarding it and it was going to involve some fancy time-warping footwork and I wasn’t sure that I was even knowledgeable enough to pull it off, but I was going to try.
Peter had gawked at me with an expression that clearly conveyed his amazement that I could accomplish something so magical. He hadn’t had a chance to say anything further before the door had opened and Molly along with Arlan had entered the barn with Great-Grandma Alice close behind.
“Well?” Alice asked as she had pulled her heavy wool coat up around her neck closer and approached the pen.
“We have a fine new bull,” Peter offered.
“Awww,” Molly crooned as she had taken a seat on a bale of hay next to the low, slatted stall. “He’s suckling.”
“Arlan, why don’t you go to the house and get a bucket of warmed water. Old Bess will need a drink shortly,” Peter ordered.
Arlan had entered the pen and removed a wooden bucket that had a small amount of ice in the bottom, frozen from the cold overnight. He paused to run his hand along the side of the old milk cow and had reached out to gently caress the head of the newborn. “He’s a good looking young fella,” he said.
“Bess appears to have fared well,” Alice observed, looking at Peter.
“I didn’t need to do a thing. She did it all on her own,” Peter said.
The door had opened again and Henry along with Wyatt had arrived accompanied by another burst of cold air. They were both dressed in heavy coveralls and work boots.
“Arlan, come right back and we’ll get to the chores,” Henry ordered. 
“Yes, sir,” Arlan said, and nodded as he had opened the door and lugged the heavy bucket out of the barn.
“Well, look there,” Henry said with satisfaction. “A good-sized calf; he’ll make a fine addition to the herd.”
Peter had nodded in agreement as he’d joined his brother at the pen. I jumped down off of my hay perch and made my way over to the others and had leaned on the fence beside Molly.
The rest of the visit had been simply sharing time with the family as they had all filtered in to see the early calf. Everyone had watched as the little guy had continued to get his legs under control. It had been very amusing and everyone had enjoyed casual conversation and talk of the day ahead and while they were all still at this, I had quietly retreated to the portal and home, arriving back at 6 a.m.



Chapter 41


Torie

“John,” I called out as I closed the screen door upon entering the foyer of the Wyman House.
“Torie, hello. What do you have there?” John asked with interest as I walked into the dining room where he sat at his computer at the resource desk.
“Just a little something I picked up at an estate sale. The oil lamp base and the shade which I added are both from the late eighteen-hundreds and I thought that you might like it for that little table in Rose’s room near the window.”
“You bet,” John agreed. He stood and was going to take it from my hand but I hurried to stop him.
“John, I don’t want to interrupt you. Let me place it, would you?”
“Sure,” John said and took his seat again. “I was just working on a couple of things for the newsletter. It needs to be to the printers today.”
“You go right ahead. I’ll just run up and put this in its place.”
John nodded and went back to his computer while I hurried up the stairs and unhooked the eyelet letting myself into Grandma Rose’s room. The lamp was just an excuse to gain access to the bedroom and not seem out of place. I actually had a much more important and exciting mission today.
During my travel when I had shared Peter’s birthday with him, I had decided right then and there to see if I could use the secret closet to bring a photograph from the future to the past to share with him. It had required me to go back in time to just before the experience and inform Peter of my plan and I had done that during my travels last night.
The day I have decided on is one of a number of warps I have popped into lately as I have been practicing my skills. It will take place at this Wyman house and we will meet here, in Rose’s bedroom. The day will be June 8, 1884, and it will be big family gathering for a Sunday dinner.
I set the lamp upon a lace doily atop the small round table in the corner of the bedroom near the west window. Then I hurried back across the room to peek out the door to be sure that I didn’t hear John heading up to join me before I pulled the small photograph out of my pocket and got down on my knees on the floor before the secret panel. I pushed the double latch and the door popped open. Afraid that I would be discovered at any moment, I quickly placed the photograph inside and closed the door. With a deep sigh of relief, I stood and hurried from the room, replacing the velvet rope across the threshold.
“All done,” I said innocently to John as I descended the stairs and peeked into the dining room. “It looks great on that table. In case you want to add a note card regarding the lamp, it’s from 1895 and is an authentic Tiffany. I couldn’t believe my luck at finding a shade to match the base online.”
“That’s impressive. Tiffany, huh? That must have cost you a pretty penny,” he declared.
“Happy to give it to you, John,” I assured him. Actually each piece had cost me five-thousand dollars and I had planned to make it part of my own home, but it had served as a good excuse to get into Rose’s bedroom today. It was worth every penny, to be able to plan this little sharing of a piece of my world with Great-Granduncle Peter Mills.
I had made sure that I had cleared my idea with Ray before I had firmed up attempting this. Dave and I had stopped at his home and it had been quite a discussion as Ray had weighed all of the pros and cons. It had never been done before that he was aware of. No one had ever considered taking something from the future into the past. Of course, I’d done that often in my past. I had used the closet a lot when I’d time traveled back in 2012, to bring my camera back and forth. I had also brought a few smaller heirlooms—items that wouldn’t have been missed—forward to my present day.
It was Peter’s desire to see what I look like that had swayed Ray. He’d decided that Peter had shown, during our visits with him, that he had possessed a keen understanding of the travels. Also, nothing he had been informed of had thrown him; he’d taken everything in stride. Nothing up to this point in time, regarding Peter or the travels we had shared with him, had made any change in history or the trajectory of the future. After an exhaustive couple of hours of convincing, Ray had given me his permission and blessing.
The photograph had been taken just last night, of Dave, Rose Lynn, and me. Actually Bev had taken the shot of Dave and I seated side by side in the family room of our house with Rose Lynn in Dave’s lap. I had wanted to add many more photos to the secret closet. I would have liked to have shown Peter photographs of my mom and dad, my sisters, but Ray had thought that it could be a mistake to inundate him with too much information. Peter was, after all, still a simple man from two generations ago and it was going to be a challenge for him to even wrap his head around the fact that he will be seeing my family from more than a hundred years in the future. Just seeing a color photograph will be something that he had never experienced in his lifetime.

***

Rose Lynn was tucked safely in her little bed with a story and a kiss from Dave and I. Bev was downstairs watching something on TV and would be joining Rose soon in the carefully chosen travels that she was allowed to experience for now. I closed the bedroom door after me as I retired for the night where Dave was already in bed and waiting. It was still so new to us, being able to share the night together that every night we felt like newlyweds all over again.
“So tonight,” Dave began as I slipped in beside him and he kissed me, crawling over my body and straddling me on all fours.
“Tonight,” I said as I reached up to pull him down atop me and ran my hands over the smooth skin of his bare back as he braced himself on his elbows, gazing down at me. “I will be going to June 8th, 1884. It will be a big family get-together and Peter will be expecting me and is aware that I will be a young Ivy Wyman—just about a year older than the Ivy we experienced at Samuel McFall’s funeral. Do you remember her?”
“Of course, how could I forget the warp that has caused us to live separately for all of this time?” Dave said as he began to place gentle kisses on my neck, moving downward and at the same time working my tee shirt up and off of me as his desires became clear. “I’ll be curious to see the result. Do you think the closet will be there?”
“I’m sure of it. I used it often when I traveled before. As soon as you added the closet, hidden in the wainscoting, it was always in that 1878 bedroom and later. Rose had the wainscoting added in 1878 and it remained in her room throughout her lifetime there.”
I struggled to reach the nightstand and Dave lifted off of me to lie at my side as I grabbed up one of the few photographs in existence of Peter—from 1910. I snuggled up next to Dave, laying my head in the crook of his arm and holding the photograph up before us to share.
“Peter will be in Rose’s bedroom at ten minutes after 2 p.m.” I said with a sigh as Dave’s hand lightly touched my skin. “I hope to get there at exactly two and have the photograph already out of the closet before he comes in.”
Dave studied the photograph and then took it from my hand and reached over me to place it on the nightstand. He pulled me in closer as his lips ran over my ear causing shivers.
“It’ll be fine. You’ll enjoy a wonderful visit and even if your plan to show him the photograph doesn’t work out, make the most of the day,” he urged.
 “If it works, it’ll be amazing,” I whispered.
“It’ll work,” he said. “Now, let me love you, wife.”

***

It was some time later, breathing heavily and cooling in a fine sheen of our perspiration while clinging to one another that we both panted, “I love you,” and he lifted himself off to lie beside me, our racing hearts gradually returning to a steady, sated pace.
Then, with my body cradled in the arms of this man who had started this journey with me so many years ago, I closed my eyes, contented and at peace, feeling hopeful again after years of uncertainty. I would be forever in Dave’s debt for his steadfast love of me in those early days of our marriage and through everything that we have lived through together and managed to survive over these long painful years. We fell asleep, safe and secure together, but leaving each other to journey into our other lives, other worlds, alone but together, across centuries of time and space.



Chapter 42


Torie

I arrived right on schedule at the warp on the summer day in 1884 just before 2 p.m., and was impressed with my ability to nail the timing so perfectly. I was inhabiting Ivy Wyman exactly as I had determined I would be and I found myself sitting in the front room of the Wyman house with several family members including a young Granduncle Robert Mills who was about a ten-year-old child at the time and his younger brother Allen who would be Cindy Thompson’s grandfather. The boys were seated on the front room floor, with a wooden checker board between them. Also present were Ivy’s younger sister Mahala and her brothers Norman and George Wyman, all watching the game as Robert made a three piece leap.
The clock on the mantel chimed the hour of two and as it did I smoothed my hand over my blue cotton dress and rose from the small sofa which was positioned near the front windows. I casually strolled out of the room without giving any explanation and once out of sight of the others I hurriedly dashed up the stairs. I assumed that Peter would be punctual and I wanted to have the photograph out of its hiding place and in hand before he arrived. I didn’t see any other family around and, in fact, other than the gathering of family in the front room, the house was eerily quiet. Where is everyone? I wondered as I topped the flight. I paused and glanced back down the stairs before I turned the handle and opened Rose’s bedroom door.
Instead of finding the room empty, I entered to find a gathering of my family filling the room—Rose and Judson, Henry and Alice, along with Uncle Peter. I was so shocked that I stood undecided at the threshold before turning on my heels and starting to pull the door closed, stammering, “Excuse me.” as I did so. I was sure that I was interrupting something important.
“Here now, come on in, child,” Great-Great-Grandma Rose urged kindly before I was able to close the door completely and flee, inviting me into the room with a wave of her hand. Deciding that the best course of action would be to simply continue playing my part of Ivy and forget about the carefully orchestrated rendezvous to share the photo with Peter, I opened the door and entered, standing uncomfortably just over the threshold.
Rose was seated on the side of her bed next to her husband Judson Wyman. Uncle Peter was sitting on the window ledge across the room with his back to the windows that face the front of the house. Henry was leaning at a low clothes dresser with his arms crossed over his chest.
“I didn’t mean to interrupt,” I began hesitantly.
“You aren’t interrupting—we’ve been waiting. We wanted to meet you,” Grandma Alice said and stood from a straight-backed chair near the far wall. She approached me and looked deeply into my eyes. I was inhabiting her younger sister Ivy but she studied my eyes as I often do when I am in search of Dave in my warps—looking for a sign of the traveler within. She gave me a warm hug and chuckled softly.
“There now, don’t look so frightened, sweetheart. It will be fine.”
I wasn’t sure if she was referring to the plan we would be carrying out in the next few days or only my current inner concern about showing all of these people what I had intended to show Peter only. Was it wise to do so? I didn’t know. They were obviously travelers, but they were also simple people. My own grandpa Arlan wasn’t even born yet. Neither were his siblings Albert, Wyatt, Joanna, Lucy, or Molly. Not even a thought in Henry and Alice’s heads at this point in time.
Almost as if he knew what I was thinking, Peter spoke up.
“You said you might be able to show me what you look like. They don’t want to know any more than to see that a traveler from our family exists—that our family goes on,” he said with a nod and held my gaze for a moment before lowering his eyes from mine. Shy again at once, as always, poor sweet Uncle Peter.
“All right,” I decided softly as I turned to close the bedroom door behind me. “I have brought you something to see.”
I had hoped to have had the photograph already in hand before Peter arrived so that the secret closet would be kept secret, but now that was not an option. I approached the wall and got down on my knees and pressed the appropriate places to open the door, reaching inside and retrieving the photograph, before handing it to Grandma Rose. 
“This is me and my husband and daughter.”
“Mercy me,” Rose exclaimed in amazement. “How lovely and would you look at that, all in color.”
Everyone flocked to her to get a look and pass the photo amongst themselves.
“You are so very beautiful,” Alice sighed.
“And you and your daughter have dark-auburn hair just like my mother,” Henry declared as he handed the photograph off to Peter. “Peter, this is the exact shade of mother’s hair. Do you recall?”
“I do, I do,” Peter nodded with a satisfied smile. “You have a wonderful family.”
“Good looking group,” Judson added.
“Thank you,” I offered simply and I left it at that. I know that Judson and Rose would be surprised to know that I am their second great granddaughter and that my daughter is named for Rose. I’m sure that they would have been excited to know that I had married into another of the old families from Fremont whom they were all very friendly with in their own time, but I kept it from them. I gave no further explanation or any type of hint as to who we are descended from.
Rose was shaking her head as she observed the photo again. “For Mercy’s sake,” she marveled. I saw her attention move to the closet. “You added this?” 
I nodded. “When I moved into this house during my time and began traveling.”
“Clever girl,” Great-Great-Grandfather Judson stated with a chuckle. Rose handed him the photograph and he studied it for another moment. “You are a great testament to our family.”
I could have argued that with him all day long, considering that this clever girl had nearly destroyed the town of Fremont singlehandedly with my not so clever book and could, with my very presence in their company now, be messing with everyone’s futures.
I addressed Peter as I spoke. “I really shouldn’t stay much longer. I need to get back.”
I was very concerned that my being here and including these other members of my family might cause me to change something. Revealing to Peter was one thing, but revealing to two sets of my own grandparents was scaring me to death.
“Before you go,” Grandma Rose said and stood from the bed, crossing to her dresser. She seemed to be searching for something within a large cherry wood jewelry box atop the bureau. She removed an item and then opened the top drawer of her dresser briefly, removing something else. She turned to me and smiled warmly.
“A remembrance of us.”
She held her hand out toward me and cradled in her palm was the gold locket and handkerchief with the blue and pink blossoms embroidered around the edges. Those familiar letters RSW in fancy script along one corner. She opened the locket to reveal to me those two tiny tintype miniatures on either side of the interior under glass. The Wyman children and the same locket that I had found in the closet back in 2013 when I had taken the tour of the Wyman house project with Dave.
My brain was about to explode. I couldn’t even begin to comprehend what this meant. Rose took the items and crossed to the closet. Bending down, she carefully placed them inside and she took her time, placing the locket onto the kerchief and making sure that it was perfectly positioned and that the chain was carefully laid out around the locket.
“Judson,” Rose said as she turned to look up at him and extended her hand. “The picture please. We don’t want that left behind.”
“We shall let you leave now, my dear,” Rose said to me as she stood after closing the closet firmly. “The discovery of this,” she pointed to the closet. “We will take to our graves. We’re good at keeping secrets.”
Great-Grandma Alice approached me and hugged me warmly. “Whoever you are, know that we love you and every time that you pass through to visit, we hope that you will cherish us as well.”
“I do and I will,” I said softly and hugged her tight.

***

I returned from the warp the next morning at 6 a.m. and I was on the phone with Ray immediately and I apologized profusely for calling so early.
“Don’t be silly. I’ve been up for an hour,” Ray assured me.
Dave awoke as I was on the phone and sat up beside me in bed, as I described to Ray everything that had occurred. I put Ray on speaker and watched Dave’s face grow a little pale as he listened in on our conversation.
“Something is out of sync, Ray,” I groaned in confusion. “Rose’s gold locket is out of sync.”
As I spoke I went to my dresser and found the locket in the top bureau drawer exactly where I had placed it back 2013 after I had exhausted all efforts to find it hanging around Rose’s neck in any of the photographs that I have of her over her lifetime. I had given up and had actually forgotten about it completely, leaving it with other non-essentials when I had moved to Hedrick. It was still in its place and still wrapped in the embroidered handkerchief.
“I still have it, Ray,” I confirmed as I brought it back to the bed and sat down beside Dave. “What on earth could this mean?”
“That’s incredible. As to what it could mean, I don’t know, Torie,” Ray admitted. “I think it’s safe to say that your visit and the photograph you shared had no effect. Their lives went on.”
“But how do you know that they will go on? I asked.
“I would say by the simple fact that you found the locket in 2013, nearly a hundred and thirty years in the future from the time she put it there,” Ray suggested with uncertainty. “Would you do me a favor?”
“Of course,” I agreed quickly.
“Go to the Wyman house and look in the secret closet. See what’s in there and remove whatever you find,” he ordered. “I have an inkling that you will find the photograph and nothing more.”
“Hmmm,” I said pondering. “Maybe you’re right. Perhaps,” I continued and excitedly looked into Dave’s eyes. “This is a sign from Rose that all will end well regarding our plan. Everything will be fine.”
“Maybe the travels have come full circle. Not out of sync but syncing up,” Ray suggested.
“Dave and I will run to the house this morning and I’ll call you as soon as I know,” I promised.

***

Dave and I tossed on some clothes and took a drive to the Wyman house while Rose Lynn was still sleeping and the sun was barely up. Bev was up getting ready for work and in the living room watching a movie. We told her that we would be back in just a few minutes as we headed out to drive the two miles to what had once been my home.
Dave had a key to the house and we let ourselves in after he had turned off the alarm system and then I dashed up the stairs to Rose’s bedroom flipping on light switches as I went. I opened the velvet rope and dropped to my knees before the secret closet, fearful of what I may or may not find. I pressed in the appropriate places and the closet opened. There, all alone was my photograph of Dave, Rose, and me, exactly where I had laid it yesterday when I had been here. I held it up to show Dave as I closed the closet door and then stood and hugged him tight with a large sigh of relief. I had been thinking that if the photograph was not in the closet, then perhaps it would be a forewarning that our plan was going to change the future.
“I think this means that our plan regarding Thompson will work, Dave,” I said with confidence. “Grandma Rose placed the locket into the closet just last night during my warp to 1884 when I showed them the photograph—but I had already found the locket in the closet in 2013—years ago. I think that it means that everything we are planning to do is going to work without changing or altering the future and we won’t disrupt the course of history either, right?”
“I don’t know, Torie,” Dave gave me a dazed look with a shake of his head as he tried to comprehend what it meant. He took the photograph from my hand and inspected it. “I just don’t know.”
“We’ll be successful,” I said with confidence. “I think it means that we are doing the correct thing. The course we are on is exactly where we should be.” I was going to believe this no matter what. “We will be successful,” I said again with unwavering certainty and kissed him. “Let’s get home before Rose Lynn wakes up and I’ll call Ray on the way and let him know.”



Chapter 43


Torie

“So,” Ray began as he took a seat in an easy chair and placed his coffee on the table between himself, Dave and I. “Everything is set.”
“Peter?” I asked.
“I met with him last night and I provided him with the information,” Ray confirmed.
“How did that go? You’re sure that he will remember where and the exact date?” I asked fearfully.
“It was a cryptic and pretty amazing conversation,” Ray chuckled.
“How so?” Dave asked.
“He and I were walking along after the church service on July 24th, 1898, walking toward our waiting buggy and I was your great-grandpa Henry,” Ray pointed at me. “All I said to him was ‘the plan is set’ and he came to a dead stop and waited until Alice and the kids had passed by, heading for the carriage and then he had whispered, ‘Tell me,’”
“At dusk July 27, 1898, two blocks north and one block east of town,” I said.
“Near White Oak line then?” he had clarified.
“Yes, exactly,” I said. “The fork…”
“At the RFD?” he finished as a question.
“I told him, “Yes, you need to be heading west. You’ll see two girls. You need to follow those girls.”
“I’ll be there,” he had confirmed.
Ray shrugged his shoulders, “Then he’d headed on toward the family buggy, leaving it at that. To be honest, I’d expected more questions.”
“But what if…” I began.
“He’ll be there,” Ray confirmed strongly with a nod.
The last few days had been so jam-packed with happenings that I wasn’t even sure that I understood the plan anymore. Not only had Dave, Rose Lynn and I continued to work on our own time warp studies, but me staying in the company of my loving ancestors as I have traveled has been driving Thompson to distraction while hunting me in the past. He is on the run and being kept from harming others by many travelers who haven’t allowed him to light in any one place long enough to cause much harm. Ray had heard of an incident regarding him getting his hands on a woman but others had been able to come to her rescue. Ray feels that once I am on my way to the well and everyone steps back and we let nature take its course, then Thompson will be on me instantly, like a crazed beast let off its chain.
Also during the daytime hours yesterday we had spent a lot of time out on the RFD rehearsing the plan. Carrie and I had played the parts of the girls and Jeff had taken the role of Peter as Dave had directed us, working on our pacing, so that I will, hopefully, arrive at the fork at the correct time, not too early and not too late and possibly end up behind Peter on the road instead of in front of him, which would be disastrous. If Thompson got his hands on me too early he could simply grab me and haul me off to do with me as he pleased which is a terribly scary thought.
I was pulled from my fearful imaginings abruptly as Ray continued. “So how are you feeling, Torie? Do you have anything you need to talk through or clarify?” he leaned forward and squeezed my hand.
I shook my head, took a deep breath and glanced up into Dave’s eyes. He smiled at me and placed an arm around my shoulders reassuringly.
“Ray,” Dave said. “Carrie would be happy to be there with Torie—she offered to be. Isn’t it possible for her to inhabit the other child?”
“No,” Ray shook his head. “I think he would be suspicious and flee. He has become very flighty.”
“I’ve been alone in my travels whenever I’ve met up with Thompson over the past weeks since his death,” I added. “I agree that this is something I must do on my own. We’ve gone over the layout and I have thought that time warp through about a million times. I can do this, Dave.”
“Tonight Thompson will no longer be able to threaten your family or Fremont. It will be finished,” Ray said with certainty. “Call me in the morning as soon as you get back. I will be on pins and needles until I hear from you, Torie.”
“I will,” I said, but at the same moment that I was giving him a confident smile, there was a crushing dread constricting my chest.
We all rose and Ray shook hands with Dave and gave my hand a final squeeze and a pat. It all seemed very anticlimactic, but the heavy weight of the entire plan was now on my shoulders and it felt like a thousand pound boulder. This was mine alone to do now.

***

Rose Lynn had been kept home happily finger painting with Bev while we had met with Ray and after picking her up, our little family headed out to spend the day together; a typical day, giving the world the appearance of a completely normal family. We did our grocery shopping in Oskaloosa, as Rose Lynn sat in a shopping cart and called out her desires for this item or that, just as did any number of other shopper’s children around us.
Every so often, though, a quirk of nerves would attack, causing my hands to shake. A subtle trembling of my fingers when I would be assailed by a fearful thought such as perhaps tomorrow I will no longer be here to fix Rosie the tube of breakfast rolls that I just placed in the cart. Maybe by dinner time tomorrow, instead of me preparing the ingredients we are gathering into a nice family meal, Dave will be at the funeral home arranging my services. If I can’t warp back out in time, could I possibly be found dead in my bed—having died in my sleep from unknown causes? I wondered fearfully.
“Stop,” Dave whispered while trapping both of my hands between his own to halt the tremors as I shakily scratched off an item from our shopping list. He leaned down to touch his lips to my temple and as if he knew my fatalistic thoughts, whispered quietly in my ear.
“Everything will work exactly as planned.”
I became aware of the clatter of shopping carts and a young child crying somewhere several aisles over. I looked up into Dave’s eyes, and although he stood so close and his hands that were cupped around my own were so warm and steady, it seemed as if we were worlds apart because I know that not even Dave can help me in this quest for bravery, it is my own struggle. I need to somehow find the courage within myself.
“Thank you,” I whispered and as Rose reached out to grab our hands playfully, I leaned my forehead against the crook of Dave’s neck for a moment and took a deep breath. “Please continue to pull me back. My mind is racing.”
“I know,” he said wrapping me up in a quick squeeze of a hug. “Just stay with me.”
“I’ll try,” was all I could commit to.
After we dropped off the groceries, we took a sack lunch and enjoyed it at a picnic table in the park along the main street of Fremont and spent some of the afternoon letting Rose Lynn enjoy climbing on the play gym and swinging. We were able to do it without any reporters harassing us and without any autograph seekers. Again, almost as if we were a normal family.
Several other children and parents were in the park and while the kids played, I introduced myself to a couple of the mothers seated on park benches and they invited me to join them. I asked questions about their lives, asked who their families were, what they did for a living, what they had planned for their summer vacations when the current school year comes to an end. And I answered their questions—I talked about my growing up in Des Moines; I answered all of their questions about writing and my books and I told them about my inspiration for Claire White of Cedar County, Iowa; young Claire Neumann and about the charity that had been established in her honor. With an iron will I forced my mind to stay in the moment and busy.
At first it was all an act, my being engaged with the friendly women I was sharing conversation with. It was an orchestrated effort on my part to keep my head grounded in the here and now and I could have won an Oscar for my performance. But after a few minutes, and to my surprise, I found that I was no longer acting. Miraculously, I was feeling the heavy gloom and the fear lifting and I finally came out of my funk.
I was able to appreciate the warm sun on my face and the wonderful clean spring breeze. I drank in Rose Lynn’s laughter and Dave’s good-naturedness as he stood behind Rosie while she swung and he pushed her high into the air. I joined them as Dave climbed up into the large wooden fort with her and I stood below, waiting as he got her situated at the top of the bright blue slide and she then zipped down into my waiting arms. It was a wonderful afternoon of making new friends and most importantly, memories. Creating another little oasis of family, not for our cluster of travelers any time soon, I hope, but leaving a wonderful travel for future generations.
And it didn’t stop there. We had Jeff and Carrie join us along with Bev and her fiancé Randy, who is also a traveler, and Char from the Finish Line and her husband Jake, for a barbecue at our house. We were surrounded by good friends and enjoyed a lovely spring evening on our back deck, with lots of laughs. Although Char and Jake are not travelers, it was better that way because it kept the rest of us from discussing anything about the coming night. I did receive a reassuring wink from Jeff every so often and an extra warm hug from Carrie as she helped me to set out the bowls of side dishes on the center island of our kitchen, but nothing was mentioned. I appreciated their helping me to stay occupied, and the fact that Jeff and Carrie had come together and would be leaving together, had given me something very interesting to consider.
I quizzed Carrie while we were setting out the food but she would only say that she was learning a lot about Jeff Allman.
“Such as?” I ‘d asked.
“Such as which side of the bed he likes to sleep on,” she had confessed.
Before I could ask anything else, Bev and Char had joined us and I hadn’t found another minute to get all of the juicy details, but Carrie had promised that she would fill me in tomorrow.
If I have a tomorrow, I had thought pessimistically. Typical me—glass half empty thinking again.
The rest of the evening consisted of bath time for Rose and a story to send her off to her dreams and the gentle travels that awaited her and her mentor Bev.
“I’ll see you in the morning,” I said as I kissed her on the mouth and ran my hands through her fine, silky soft hair.
“I love you, Mommy,” she whispered, followed by a big yawn, innocently, blissfully unaware of the night ahead.
I let Dave take my place on her bed while he gave her a kiss and I stood back quietly watching the two of them and I felt tears come to my eyes. Will I be here to enjoy this with them tomorrow night? I wondered silently. The terror I had kept at bay during the day came upon me suddenly like a huge wave. I am so uncertain, so damn weak! I need to be strong so why am I rushing from the room and fighting to keep the sobs in?
I hurried to my office and my computer to type up the day we had shared and to add it to the binder and the tab labeled ‘Family Time’ and I titled the story ‘The Park Day’. The day will be frozen in time and possibly one day in the future, a place where Rose Lynn and Dave can always find me waiting to share the perfect spring day with them, just in case.

***

I rinsed the toothpaste from my mouth and glanced to Dave’s reflection in the mirror. He was watching me again.
“I’m fine,” I lied with a weak smile. He knew better because he had seen my tears earlier as I’d been typing up the story and he’d waited patiently for me to finish. And now as I placed my toothbrush in the holder and blotted my mouth on a bath towel, I removed the clip from my hair, letting the layers fall down my back while he observed me and continued his quest to keep me grounded.
He stepped up behind me and touched his lips to my temple, wrapping his arms around my waist and gazing at my reflection in the mirror. He bent his head to run his lips along the side of my neck while his arms tightened under my breasts and I smoothed my palms over his forearms, allowing my head to loll back against his chest as he swayed us both gently. I felt the tension of my nerves relax just a bit and I drew in a deep breath, probably the only deep breath I had drawn in an hour. I could feel the warm skin of his bare chest behind me, like a furnace and so welcomed, offsetting the icy cold chill that was gripping me.
I could hear the rumble of rolling thunder reverberating through the house and rain began to splatter against the bathroom window. I turned my head toward the sound of the rain that quickly became a strong drumming and watched the flickering light of another streak of lightning as it slashed through the night.
“Storm’s here. First thunderstorm of the year,” Dave whispered as he placed another gentle kiss behind my left ear and then down along the side of my neck.
For me, thunderstorms are usually calming and sleep inducing. I loved to drift off with the hammer of a steady rain on the roof. Tonight, not even the rain could still my nerves. I had a wave of shivers possess me and Dave turned me in his arms and pulled me into his chest real tight.
“Torie, stop,” he soothed as he ran his palms up and down my back briskly to warm me. “Let’s get to bed. You need to get to sleep.”
“A huu-gge nightttt,” I squeaked between my chattering teeth as I buried my face in his throat.
“Torie,” Dave crooned. “Sweetheart, your teeth are chattering. You need to relax.”
“Tr-yying,” I stuttered through clenched teeth.
“To bed,” Dave ordered, lifting me into his arms and carrying me from the bathroom. He paused at the door. “Light.”
I flipped the switch for him and then I wrapped my arms around his shoulders and planted my face against his throat as he carried me slowly down the hall and into our bedroom, closing the door behind us. He placed me onto my feet before he turned off the overhead light.
Then I had him by the hand and was pulling him with me toward the bed, softly lighted by bedside lamps. I yanked the covers down and then had my hands at the hem of my gown, stripping it off.
“What are…” he began before I placed a finger across his lips.
“Take my mind off of the night,” I whispered reaching out and taking his hand and laying it on my right breast. “Please.”
He laid his other hand on my cheek gently and used his thumb to wipe a tear that traced down my face.
“Don’t cry,” he ordered but then instead of trying to talk me off of the ledge of my freefall of panic that I felt building, his mouth took mine without further urging and his tongue forced its way inside as he laid me on the bed.
The storm outside our bedroom windows was nothing compared to the storm of fear that I felt building into a powerful beast, within me. My hands were around his neck, holding tightly as I clung to his strength while I floundered in my weakness. I needed him to stop the fear possessing my mind; fear of my lack of courage, fear of my possible failure, the agony of facing my own mortality and the unknown effect to the many who were counting on me to succeed.
Dave took my clutching hands from around his neck and kneeling above me; he laced his fingers with mine, resting down over me, holding my arms in restraint above my head.
“Breathe, Torie, breathe,” he ordered gently against my mouth. “Calm down. Don’t cry.”
With unshed tears filling my eyes and blurring my vision, I blinked them back and looked wildly into the serene blue of his steady gaze and took a deep breath and released, then opened my lips gratefully as his mouth lowered to capture mine and he rewarded my obedience with a fierce kiss, hot and demanding.
“Are you in the moment? Are you with me here and now, or are you chasing demons in your head?” his deep voice rumbled as his lips touched the contours of my ear. “I know what you’re doing and I want you to take a breath and tell me that you understand that this isn’t the end. It’s the beginning for us.”
I took a deep breath and released it. “Beginning,” I agreed.
“Good,” he nodded and kissed me, deeply.
He knew that I was trying to use him to momentarily still my mind and I knew that he wouldn’t let me use him like that. He was going to force me to feel everything. Possibly for the last time, I thought in terror. It seemed as if he could hear my fatalistic thought because he squeezed my hands lightly.
“Hey,” he said close to my ear. “You’re holding your breath again. Stop thinking. Are you with me?”
“I’m—trying,” I whispered brokenly as I turned my head, searching for and finding his mouth again. With my arms held captive over my head I had to beg for his possession, exactly as he wanted. I wasn’t mindlessly taking him in a frenzy of fear now. Dave was in control of me and he was determined to make me feel everything.
His tongue plunged into my mouth, languidly rolling over mine and retreating from me, leaving me wanting, anticipating and honed in on him like a laser; not knowing what would come next. His kiss was that perfect fit; his mouth knew just what to do in order to get me in sync with his desires. Years of knowing me like no other man had given him the skill of a conductor, masterful and in control of his orchestra. His lips took mine again and were the subtle beginning of a masterpiece he was building. Another kiss and he ignited the flame and an ache deep inside me came to life, at his command and his mercy.
I was involved with him now and left any fears of the night ahead behind as I waited to discover his plans for me. My breathing mingled harshly with his and he had become the center of my universe now. He was just above me, braced on his arms, drenching me with love as he looked deeply into my eyes.
“You with me now?” he rumbled again.
“With you,” I confirmed with a gasp and kissed his lips as he released my hands. I wrapped my arms around his shoulders. “With you,” I assured him again. “I love you.”
“I love you,” he replied in a whisper.
“Now,” I sighed.
“Torie,” he said. “Protection…”
“Not tonight,” I interrupted. “The nightmare ends tonight; a new beginning for us, right?”
“Right,” he agreed.
“So make love to me.”
“You don’t need to ask me twice,” he said huskily.

***

It was later when I weaved my fingers through his hair and as our bodies began to return to earth, we kissed. Not the passionate explosion of moments ago but rather a deep rolling kind of kiss that marks us as each other’s, forever. We both lay together, quietly, letting our heart rates return to normal and our breathing to slow.
We got dressed and Dave turned off the lamps and pulled the covers over us as he settled in beside me. I rested my head on his shoulder and twined my fingers with his, our clasped hands resting on the center of his bare chest. I could feel the strong thrum of his heart, slow and steady.
“I can’t sleep,” I whispered.
“Just listen to the rain,” Dave said softly.
The thunder storm had passed, leaving in its wake a gentle spring shower; the kind that will soak in and help bring the Iowa countryside to life.
I squeezed Dave’s hand a little too desperately.
“You with me?” he asked low, deep.
“Trying,” I replied automatically. My eyes were open but the room was cloaked in velvety black and I couldn’t make out anything but closing my eyes—I was fighting that.
“What are you thinking?” he whispered as he turned on his side and clutched our joined hands between our chests, holding firmly.
“Just don’t want to let go. I’m afraid I may have no tomorrow. I don’t want to leave you or Rose Lynn,” I admitted with a quivering draw of breath. My eyes were still open, my face in the crook of his neck. I could feel the stubble of his jaw with each sweep of my lashes as my eyes blinked, fighting to stay open.
“You’ll have tomorrow. We all will, and think of everything that we have to look forward to, Torie—sharing travels with Rose Lynn and each other. Jeff said that he travels all over the world. He’s experienced times during the Civil War, the Revolutionary War. He has gone all over Europe.”
“Carrie has done the same. It’s amazing to consider,” I agreed.
I knew what he was doing—he was trying to keep me occupied and with him and I appreciated it.
“It will happen, honey. I’m going to go over the huge stash of albums and books in my den to find travels. We need to go over everything in this house. I think that some of those albums in the den were left by my ancestors for future travelers. I know that many of the old bound volumes contain stories, complete with dates.”
“Yes,” I confirmed softly.
“We’re going to have a long and wonderful life,” he predicted and released my hand as he wrapped his arms around me and I wrapped him up, running my hand up and down his smooth back softly. “This is our destiny, Torie. I can feel it. I know it deep down to my soul. All of this was meant to be. Your family’s history and Thompson’s line intersecting at this place is no coincidence. You moving to Fremont; us finding each other; you finding the well and the girls and Ray finding you; Peter, the locket—all destined to be and tomorrow—our new life begins.”
I didn’t say anything and he squeezed my body lightly. “You with me?” he questioned once more.
“With you,” I said softly, burying my face against his throat as I said a little silent prayer that what he believed would be true, before adding softly, “I love you, Dave.”
“I love you, Torie. Goodnight.”



Chapter 44


Torie

I arrived in the loft of a barn and my hand was wrapped around the middle of the sweetest little yellow tabby. I peered into the burlap bag I held and could see four more little kittens in a variety of colors, all looking up at me with wide eyes. I’ve made it! I am exactly where I need to be. I placed the kitten into the bag, and standing up I waded through the strewn hay until I made my way to look out of a small dirty glassed window. It looked out onto the farmyard and I could see the back of the house. There was no one about and the scene was quiet. I was already breathing heavily as though I had just finished a sprint because my nerves were on edge.
This is scary. This is the scariest thing that I have ever done in my life and the entire plan depends on me now and on a huge dose of luck and perfect timing. Just so many variables that need to come together flawlessly.
The mother cat, a petite gray, wound herself around my legs and then she reached up to grab the burlap bag with her claws as her young kittens mewed in distress.
“I’m sorry, Mama,” I said to her and bent down to lightly run my hand over her back. “Coyle meant well. She wanted to save your babies,” I assured her.
I had a strong desire to leave the kittens with her, wanting to have some positive effect on the tragic occurrence of this day but I feared any change that might affect the course of the replaying of this travel. I pulled the bag from the momma kitty’s grasp and headed for the ladder, carefully descending.
Instead of going out the large open front doorway of the barn, I headed to the back of the barn and the small door that was meant for easy access to a corn crib out back. I warily looked about as I exited and then peeked around the edge of the barn toward the house. I could see the side of the house and a large tree out front, where I spied Lindy. She was on a hanging swing that was tied to the bough of a big old walnut tree. So at the time that Coyle had packed up the kittens, Lindy was not aware or maybe she was currently waiting for Coyle to come and get her before heading out—I could only guess.
My inclination was not to head in that direction and I followed my compulsion and I sat on my rear and dropped into a ditch that ran along the far side of the driveway just south of a line of trees that formed a wind break on the north side of the house. I was moving quietly, parallel to where Lindy was swinging. I could hear her singing a song—not any song that I was familiar with. I peeked up briefly just as she held tight onto the rope and leaned back on the burlap bag which formed a seat and her long light-brown hair swept the ground as she looked up into the tree, spinning slowly in circles. I continued on and I kept crouched down low in the bottom of the ditch and had my eyes on the deeper ditch I could see near the road. Just a few more yards and I would reach the road and be in the clear, leaving Lindy behind—but she was supposed to be with me so I was concerned about how this was going to come about.
“Coyle, wait!” I heard a shout from behind me. I looked back to see the mother cat walking along the gravel driveway following me and Lindy was beside her. Her voice was very loud and I swore under my breath as I hurried back along the ditch to her, thinking, so this is how it all begins. Lindy seeing the mother cat had likely drawn her attention and she had gone to investigate and had found Coyle sneaking away in the ditch. I feared her yelling could bring their parents and I’m sure that Coyle was probably thinking the very same thing when her life had followed this course. For me, any delay in leaving, could ruin all of our plans.
“Lindy! Be quiet,” I hissed. “Go back! I will be back in a little while.”
“Coyle, I want to go with you. Where are you going?” Lindy wailed loudly.
“Shhh! Come on!” I said, reaching up to take her by the hand to assist her down into the ditch. “Shoo!” I called to the mother cat and I picked up a handful of gravel from the ditch, tossing it in her direction. A pebble hit her in the head and she ran off.
“Why can’t you mind your own business?” I snapped at Lindy as we started off again.
“Coyle, I just want to come,” Lindy whimpered. “What do you have in that bag?”
“The momma cat’s kittens. Please be quiet until we are to the road. Just be quiet!” I whispered sharply, yanking her along.
We climbed up from the ditch and onto the gravel road and I paused to look back toward the farm. No one was following us. We had sneaked away undetected but no sooner had we started along the road when Lindy decided to have a melt-down like a typical younger sibling.
“Coyle, why are you walking so fast? Slow down,” she said and dug her heels in until I was literally dragging her. “Stop pulling me. Let go! I want to hold the kittens.”
“No, Lindy, you are not holding the kittens!” I said, tugging her along in my wake.
Lindy used her free hand and pinched the back of my hand with her nails. “Let go of me, Coyle.”
“Ouch! Fine,” I snapped and dropped her hand. “Then just leave. Go on home, Lindy.”
I hoped that a little reverse psychology might bring her fit to an end sooner rather than later because I needed to make sure that I arrived at the fork in the road just before Peter and I feared that every moment struggling with an uncooperative child was jeopardizing the plan.
“Coyle, wait for me!” Lindy howled loudly. “I’m sorry. I want to come.”
“Lucinda, go home! I don’t want you with me,” I called over my shoulder as I intentionally tried to leave her behind, forcing her to pick up her pace. The anger I felt toward her for tagging along was Coyle’s emotions feeding through to me. I got the feeling that this was exactly what had played out between the sisters over a century ago.
“But Coyle, I want—to go—with you,” Lindy blubbered brokenly as she started to cry.
I stopped and turned back to find that she was now crouched in the middle of the gravel road, rocking on her haunches and holding her head in her hands. I really didn’t have time for this. I hurried back to her and took her by the hand.
“Please don’t cry, Lindy,” I said gently, trying a different tack. “Can you be my big helper and hurry along with me? Can you do that for me and for these little kittens? You know what Ma was planning on doing, don’t you? She was gonna put a rock in the bottom of this bag, tie the top closed, and throw them into the pond to drown them.”
“I know but I just want to carry the bag,” she said. She wiped the tears from her eyes with the hem of her dress. “They’re my kittens, too.”
“Lindy,” I started angrily and then I knew I couldn’t waste any more time. “I’ll tell you what—once we find a place for them I will let you take them out of the bag to place them in their new home.”
Lindy considered this for a moment before agreeing with a nod.
“Good girl. Now Lindy, we need to hurry,” I begged. “Let me hold your hand and we need to run as fast as we can.”
I was disgusted with myself and my stomach roiled as I considered that I was rushing this darling little child to her death like some macabre grim reaper, but the sun was starting down fast now and deep shadows caused by its waning, were spreading across the tree-lined gravel road. I could hear the crickets starting to sing and the cicadas were roaring so loudly all around us that my ears started ringing.
I glanced over my shoulder as we took the right prong of the fork and saw that he was there! Peter was about hundred yards behind, coming down the RFD from the east. He nodded at me and then he began gaining on us. I turned to look forward again and just ahead of us the old farmstead was visible through the trees as we approached the drive way. I continued to hold Lindy’s hand until we reached the drive and then I helped her by spreading the strands of old rusty barbed wire.
“Hurry, Lindy!” I hissed. “Hurry!”
I quickly followed her through the strands and took her hand again but then I dropped it as I panicked, dashing up the overgrown drive.
“Let’s hurry! Run Lindy,” I ordered.
The house was just ahead and my plan was to stop at the house, just as Coyle had done a hundred years ago while she had decided on where to place the kittens. Once I could see Peter enter the drive, then I would head around the side of the house toward the barn. Then it would just be a matter of him catching up with me and I prayed that he wouldn’t catch me too soon or prevent me from getting to the well. I was a small child and he could easily pick me up and haul me off, changing the course of the plan.
Then I could hear a woman’s voice calling our names from a long distance—angrily, sharply. “Coyle! Lucinda!”
I had all but forgotten about the mother calling for the girls that fateful day and it caused me to pause and glance in that direction for one moment before dismissing it.
I risked a quick glance back to see that Peter was bending over and working his way through the strands of barbed wire at the drive. Then—in horror—I realized that Lindy was not with me. She had stopped in the drive and was stooped over, pulling at the buried leather harness strap. Oh my god! I thought. I completely forgot about that!
Peter had cleared the barbed-wire barricade and was about fifty feet away from Lindy! The dark, murderous expression on his face as he glared at her was chilling. Peter Mills was transformed. He was no longer the gentle, shy Uncle Peter from my visits with him. His face was a reddened mask of rage. The eyes wild! The eyes of a monster—Mark Thompson.
“Lindy!” I screamed.
My heart leapt into overdrive and I turned and ran back toward them and reached Lindy mere seconds before him. He stumbled and went down on one knee briefly and without a word, I yanked Lindy away from the harness and with my hand firmly around her upper arm, I drug her across the farmyard and around the side of the house. Lindy kept attempting to pull her arm from my grasp just as I knew she would. I glanced over my shoulder to see Peter Mills within feet of us again, fifty feet, then forty.
He spoke no words, just the harsh huffing of his breathing and there was the sound of crunching grass, breaking twigs as he followed us over the rough, overgrown terrain.
“Who is that?” Lindy asked when she heard his approach and tried to turn around.
I said nothing but just yanked her along and glanced around to see him just twenty feet behind. Where is the well? Am I getting close—am I following the correct path to arrive at it? I could see nothing, no sign of it as he continued to gain on us. Ten feet behind, five feet. I could feel the brush of his hand on the back of my dress as he tried to get a hold on my collar. Then my boot caught on the wooden platform and I heard the loud thud just as he caught me.
“Gotcha!” Peter hissed triumphantly with an evil laugh.
I tried to lean forward toward the well cover but he was clutching the material of my dress at the center of my back, tightly in his fist. I only had time to wrench around and grab him by his shirt front and then with all of my strength I tried to pull him forward as I fell back toward the wooden platform. In the struggle I lost my hold on Lindy and the kittens. Lindy fell down beside me onto the well as she, Thompson, and I struggled together in a confused jumble. Then I heard the splintering crack of wood as the cover began to give way beneath Lindy.



Chapter 45


Dave

I had tension, like a tightly wound coil of wire; tension that I had felt a hundred times over the last year, that fear of impending doom. Always on guard; waiting to see from what direction my trial would come and in what form; often some catastrophe or some horrendous injury. But this fear congealing in my gut was for what Torie was about to endure. I could hardly breathe, could feel the bile rising in my throat from nerves, as I waited for her to arrive at the old farmstead.
I kept running the scenario over in my head, trying to get comfortable with it but these little children that I was about to see for the first time were just a little older than Rosie. It was excruciating, not only trying to come to terms with the idea that I was about to see two little girls walking to their deaths, but knowing that Torie would be inhabiting one of them and if the timing wasn’t just right; if she didn’t leave Coyle before she fell to the bottom of the well, she could actually lose her own life.
We had practiced the walk down the gravel road, arriving at the farm, and the approach to the well several times, with Torie and Carrie playing the parts of the girls and Jeff taking his place on the gravel road as if Peter. With all of them knowing their parts and with careful choreography we had succeeded, but not without my calling out instructions to them every step of the way. Telling Jeff to step it up, telling Torie to slow down when Jeff was losing sight of her before she had gotten to the farm. After three tries we had gotten it timed perfectly, but Torie didn’t have a director now or three chances to get it right—this was it and Thompson could do something unexpected that would turn everything to shit.
I wasn’t sure how long I would be waiting, but Torie had said that night was closing in. The sun was heading down fast now and she was still nowhere in sight. I slapped at mosquitoes that buzzed around my head and landed on my neck. Being in heavy tree cover and close to the river with its backwaters and stagnant pools, made it the perfect breeding ground for the irritating bloodsuckers. I was keeping in constant motion, pacing back and forth in an attempt to avoid them. If only a wind would come up but it was sweltering hot and humid and the air was dead still.
Torie wouldn’t want me to be here and she would be furious with me if she knew. She had felt that she could handle it on her own, but by the way that she had trembled with nerves throughout the day and the way that she had quaked in my arms as we had made love tonight—it was obvious to me that she was terrified. I had nearly told my secret to her tonight, to assure her that I would be here and have her back, but I had held onto it.
My being here was the result of an unexpected meeting that had occurred the other night while Torie had been visiting with her uncle Peter to show him the photograph. I hadn’t intended the meeting—I had been attempting to warp into the early life of Ricky Thompson. I had hoped that my visiting that time and place would have drawn Thompson toward me which would have allowed Torie the freedom to meet privately with Peter in peace. I hadn’t wanted any chance of Thompson warping in and taking advantage of that situation. Torie alone with a man in the past, since Thompson’s death, always held the possibility of trouble.
Instead of ending up in the Thompson house in Agency, Iowa, as intended, I had somehow arrived in a dimly lit, dusty, smelly arena, attending a stock sale sometime in the late 1930’s. I had been able to determine who I was by pulling out my worn brown-leather billfold. Tucked inside it were several slips of papers, a few dollars and tucked back behind the money, an early social security card which had told me that I was my great-grandfather Jacob McFall.
With the constant chatter of the auctioneer, I couldn’t concentrate on finding the portals to warp back out and try again, so I had exited the arena and meandered around the stock pens, attempting to look like I knew what I was doing, while also attempting to see the shiny points of exit from the travel.
I’d had little experience with livestock, not since my brothers and I had stopped raising them for 4-H when I was a kid, but in an attempt to fit in, I had placed my foot up on the slats of a pen of beef cattle and had listened to two cowboys who were seated up on the rails of the corral discussing the merits of the Black Angus that were milling around inside the pen before us.
As I’d tried to not appear to be a green horn and shame my great-grandpa Jacob, a middle-aged man had approached me and had introduced himself as Allen Mills. I’d known immediately that he was the grandfather of Cindy Mills Thompson and in fact, Cindy Mills would have been alive and a small child at that point in time. I hadn’t wanted to read anything into it and so had just assumed that Allen was being neighborly and simply striking up a conversation with Jacob McFall because he had recognized him as being from Fremont, but after a couple of minutes of casual chitchat, Allen had started talking about his farm which he had owned for years by this timeframe of the 1930’s.
It had been a very odd conversation. We’d been standing side by side, looking out over the pen of cattle; me hoping that he wouldn’t ask something that ‘me’, as Jacob McFall, should know the answer to, and him—I really hadn’t known what he was fishing for. When the other men had stepped down off of the corral and headed inside, Allen Mills and I had still continued this awkward unlikely encounter. Then, all at once he had started telling me the story of when he had purchased his farm northeast of town back in 1904. He had described to me in detail about how he had torn down the old buildings from an earlier homestead but when he had quietly added that he had capped off an old water well with a large slab of concrete, he had paused.
After a few seconds of waiting for him to finish the sentence and as the pause had continued to stretch out, I’d turned my eyes from the cattle and had looked over at him. He’d been studying my face and I’d felt sure that he was looking for some kind of a reaction. I immediately got the feeling that he might have been trying to determine if I was a traveler or that he’d already known that I was.
“I know the well,” I said. “The slab still exists.”
He’d just nodded and looked out across the pen of animals again for a moment more before he had reached into his back pocket and pulled out a sheet of folded paper and opened it as he spoke.
“This was among her effects,” he’d said softly in explanation before continuing. “I will be in the trees southeast of the barn at sundown.”
I hadn’t known what to say—I’d just dumbly blinked into his eyes and then accepted the paper from his outstretched hand. It had been a copy of a typewritten page of an abstract with the telltale bluish smudges left by old-fashioned carbon paper. The legal description was one that I was very familiar with because I had studied it in minute detail before we had begun our search for the well.


The following described property, situated in the Township of Cedar, Mahaska County, Iowa to-wit:

Northeast quarter of Southwest quarter (NW ¼ of SW ¼) and West Half of Southeast quarter of Southwest Quarter (W ½ SE ¼ SW ¼ ) of Section four (4), Township seventy-four (74) North Range fourteen (14) West, containing One Hundred and Forty (140) acres of land, together with remains of the residence and barn (uninhabitable) and having a frontage on the public road of RFD-1 of One Hundred and Eight point seven (108.70’) feet and depth of Three Hundred (300.) feet with a well (dry) located Two Hundred and point four (200.40’)feet from the front line of the lot, situated, from said public road, between parallel lines and the back line of said lot of the homestead measuring Thirty-Two Thousand and Seven Hundred (32,700) square feet in total.


Scrawled below the legal description in pen was a cryptic handwritten note.

Allen,
July 27, 1898 nightfall
Grandma Rose

“If you can make this known to them,” he had whispered.
I’d known then that what he had been offering was to assist whoever was working on the plan. He just hadn’t known that he was talking to the husband of the orchestrator of the plan. I couldn’t pass it up and besides, Torie would never know. I would quietly stand in the dense woods near the falling down barn, deep in the shadows, and I would witness the plan but would be nothing more than that—a witness.
“Thank you,” I had said and nodded to him.
Without another word, he had taken the paper from me, folded it neatly to place it into his back pocket again and had walked away, heading back into the building while I had stood dumbfounded and struggling to sort it all out. It seemed obvious to me that Peter must have told Torie’s grandma Rose of the plan and she had made sure that she had left a message so that Allen would have what he needed. She must have known it involved Allen’s farm and had somehow managed to leave that instruction for him before her death.
I couldn’t comprehend how it had all come to pass, because my meeting him in the 1930’s was several years after Rose’s death—many years after he had bought the land and capped the well and yet he’d understood that he would need to act at a time far in the past and was obviously confident that he would be able to accomplish it. It was not unlike Torie and the locket she had found—somehow another clue left by her grandma Rose years before the plan had been set and before Torie had ever decided to use the closet to show Peter the photograph—almost as if Rose has been in charge all along, grooming each person involved for this moment in time.
Now, as I inhabit Allen Mills’ body and wait at the farm, I am having second thoughts about having kept my being here from Torie. My being here might have helped to bolster her courage if she would have known that I am close by, but I hadn’t had any confidence that Allen would have actually been here or the confidence that I was going to be able to time travel with the kind of accuracy needed to be here myself. Besides knowing Torie the way that I do, the knowledge of my presence quite possibly could have the opposite effect.
The Allen Mills that I am inhabiting now in the year of 1898 is still a boy of just nineteen and would be no match going hand to hand against the older man that Thompson will be inhabiting, in the form of Peter Mills. Torie would likely have been so concerned with my safety, that worrying about me could very easily distract her, leaving her open to a mistake. I didn’t want anything distracting her because she needed to have one thing on her mind; getting that son of a bitch Thompson into that well because this is our only shot at having the element of surprise and the use of this obscure occurrence to lure Thompson to this exact point in history. He will not be tricked a second time.
I know that Allen Mills and his immediate family including his granddaughter Cindy Mills Thompson had been the most affected by the existence of Mark Thompson and I am thankful for his offer to assist. He gave me a vehicle to share in what is such a solitary and scary experience for my wife. Torie’s bravery is awe inspiring—to undertake being the bait for a monster who would think nothing about injuring or even killing an eight-year-old girl is beyond brave. If only she can stay far enough out in front of him, just enough to lead him without letting him get his hands on her until the very moment and arrival at the well. Will she be able to do it? Actually push Peter Mills into the well and possibly to his death after coming to love and know him over the last few days? We are all depending on her ability to do just that.
A movement caught my eye and then—I saw them. They were partially hidden by the tall weeds and the canopy of trees along the unkempt road as they moved, passing in and out of the shadows caused by the foliage and the waning light of day. They were tiny little raggedy things. The older girl’s hair was light-brown in color and pulled into sloppy pigtails. The smaller child had long-loose hair of the same color and both of their faces were streaked with dirt. I found myself holding my breath as I watched the older girl assist the younger one to crawl between the strands of barbed wire. The older girl, I know, must be Torie. She kept watching down the gravel road as she tried to hurry her sister along and I could hear her frantic voice.
“Hurry, Lindy!” she ordered. “Hurry!”
Torie was continuing to look back the way that they had come as she quickly followed Lindy through the fence and started up the overgrown drive just as we had practiced in our dry runs. The house was just ahead as Torie ran in that direction but I watched as the younger girl came to a stop, distracted as she studied something on the ground. Torie didn’t notice her stopping and the distance between the girls was increasing.
That’s when I saw Peter arrive—he bent over to climb between the fence strands as he entered the drive. He was less than one-hundred feet back and as soon as he cleared the barbed-wire he started for the younger girl. It looked as though he was going to grab her and I nearly called out to catch Torie’s attention but then I could hear a muffled but sharp voice calling out. It was a woman, calling for the girls and I realized that Torie had never mentioned that anyone was looking for the girls. Torie skidded to a stop as she listened and looked in the direction of the voice before she glanced back the way that she had come.
“Lindy!” Torie screamed. I watched as she dashed back down the drive, running toward the girl and toward Peter. The little sister was totally absorbed as she pulled at an object stuck in the ground. She was crouched down and leaning back, yanking furiously at something.
Peter was closing in and the expression on his face told me that Thompson had definitely arrived and his attention moved to the older girl running back in his direction. I grabbed ahold of a tree trunk with both hands, willing myself to stay in place. I needed to let the story play out but my instinct was to save the girls and to save my wife.
Thompson stumbled for a moment giving Torie time to reach the girl seconds before him and she yanked her away with a hand around her upper arm and then she ran at full speed, dragging her sister across the farmyard and around the side of the house. The little girl Lindy kept trying to pull her arm from Torie’s hold and she was whining loudly.
I watched Peter Mills crashing through the underbrush and gaining on them. He was within forty feet, thirty feet, and as he ran toward them he was growling as if a wild beast. It was painful to watch it unfold and do nothing. I started to move, following along at the tree-line and out of sight, parallel to them.
“Who is that?” the little girl Lindy cried as she attempted to look back at the man approaching from behind them.
Torie didn’t respond but pulled the girl along and I saw her glance back as Thompson was just within feet of her, almost on top of her. I knew the well must be right in front of her and I watched Torie quicken her pace just as Thompson took a swipe at her, attempting to grab her by the back of her dress, when Torie tripped and began to fall.
“Gotcha!” Peter hissed with a loud evil laugh as he clutched a handful of Torie’s dress.
All I could see then was a blur as the three struggled and the scene seemed to move in slow motion. Torie trying to pull him toward the rotted planks, Lindy falling beside her and the sound of splintering wood as the girls began to go. Then Thompson released his hold on Torie and began to back up, attempting to catch himself. His arms were wind-milling around as he tried to stop his forward motion.
Torie cried out, “No!”
She was losing her grip on the front of his shirt while he was getting his footing and I was still watching, but at the same time I could feel myself moving as I left the cover of the woods at what seemed like lightning speed, running toward the well. I couldn’t even feel my feet hitting the rough, uneven ground. I wasn’t stumbling over any of the weeds that were clogging the site. It was as if I was airborne, as if sailing through the air, in flight—as if I was made of vapor.
Then I could see him, Thompson, the man, as clear as day. He looked just as he had when I had visited him in the prison, old and gnarled, with sagging skin and his eyes, those cold, evil stark grass-green eyes. I was no longer in Allen Mills’ body. I was in Peter and I could see Thompson perfectly clear, inhabiting the same space as me. I didn’t have time to do anything but finish this because he was attempting to leave. He was trying to warp out.
“Think again you son of a bitch!” my voice roared out of Peter Mills’ mouth.
“Cameron!” Thompson snarled. “No!”
I saw the last of the wooden cover coming apart beneath Torie and I struggled internally to keep Thompson occupied as I wrestled him forward. I felt Torie lose her grip on his shirt completely and she screamed out my name as we all plunged and were falling, falling, falling.



Chapter 46


Torie

I slammed back from the time warp, violently; with such force that I felt as though I had been slugged in the stomach but it was more than that, it was bigger, encompassing my entire body. This was violence that I had never experienced in my life and it felt as if every bone in my body was vibrating. I couldn’t breathe and in desperation; fighting to inhale, I wrenched to a sitting position and grabbed my middle as I fought to draw air into my lungs.
The room seemed to be wobbling on its axis, gyrating and looping crazily in and out of focus. A high whine like a teapot left on a hot burner past the point of boiling shrieked in my ears and I lifted my hands to cover them but the sound was coming from inside my head. My body was desperate for air and I began to panic as the moments stretched out and still I couldn’t draw a breath.
My diaphragm was spasming and it felt like those times when I had hurt myself as a little girl. I have vivid memories of times when I’d had the breath knocked out of me. I can recall a strong wind catching a screen door and the end of my finger being smashed, split like a grape. I can recall once cracking my head on the hard tile floor of the basement and at those times I can remember my mom rushing to me, saying frantically, “Breathe, Torie! Breathe!” and finally the sobs would come and my panicked mom would sigh with relief and take me into her arms to comfort me.
Now, as I rock onto my knees and crawl mindlessly to the end of my bed, I face-plant into the cool bedding bunched at the foot. It is terror, pure terror as my ears scream with the high-pitched ringing and spots before my eyes flash, signal approaching unconsciousness. I hear myself screaming internally, Help! Help me! But who is my plea directed toward—I don’t even know. The moments drag on and on and feel like hours. I can’t take much more of this and my knuckles are white from clutching fistfuls of bedding; my feet flailing against the mattress.
I’m going to die in my bed! I think in terror. I’m going to be found dead, crouching here!
When suddenly, at last, the spasm releases my chest and I brace on all fours as I gulp air into my oxygen starved lungs and collapse, sitting on my heels and laying my forehead against my folded forearms as I recover.
I had warped out of Coyle at the last possible moment. I know now that she had died instantly and I had felt her landing, had felt that sensory overload that she must have experienced—not only the horrible feeling of falling at hundreds of feet per second, but the disorienting pitch-blackness; the cold. She must have died before her nervous system had even had the chance to process all of the trauma being inflicted upon her little body at that moment of sudden impact. But I’d felt it, the weight of gravity pulling her and the unimaginable force; the crunching of her skull, ribcage and pelvic bones as she had met with the unyielding limestone floor of the well. I had barely made it out—had felt Lindy fall past me, had felt Thompson slipping from my grasp and then…
“Oh dear God!” I cried out loud.
I turned around and looked toward the head of the bed and froze. With the dawn of a new day, the room was lighted with silver and subtle hues of darks and lights and the still form was drenched in the same palette of varying shades of gray, like so many of the old photographs from the past. His handsome face appeared to be inanimate; cast in marble; eyes gently closed, thick lashes resting above high cheekbones and dark stubble shadowing his lean, strong jaw. The hands that I know so well were laced together and resting over his bare chest and his torso was uncovered to his hips. I sat transfixed as I watched his chest for a telltale rise and fall. I covered my mouth with both of my hands, holding my own breath as I listened for his.
“Dave!” I finally croaked. “Dave!”
I scrambled across the bed to sit beside him, saying his name again and again. I touched his face; it was cool and lolled as I turned it toward me. I laid my hand over the top of his and shook him. His hands unclasped and dropped unresponsive to his sides and I placed my palm against his stomach, feeling for his breath, lay my ear against his chest, listening for a heartbeat and then collapsed onto him in a heap.
“Oh, Dave,” I sobbed. “What did you do?”



Chapter 47


Torie
Seven months later

“Rose Lynn Cameron it’s time for bed, young lady,” I order, using my authoritative voice as I stop at the threshold of her bedroom. I had already read her the nighttime story of her choice and I just knew that when I got back from locking up the house for the night, that I would find her up and at it again.
With a giggle, Rose stands up from the floor where she had been busily constructing something with Lego building blocks. She lifts her long frilly-pink nightgown very ladylike above her knees as she leaps into her bed. She lays her head down on the pillow, closing her eyes and acting as though she is already asleep, fighting a smile and using a very unconvincing loud fake snore. What a clown, I think.
“Funny girl,” I say and she breaks into giggles again and then sits up and pulls a small photo album out from under her pillow.
“Where are you going tonight?” I ask with interest. Rose opens the album to a small black and white photo; it is a favorite of hers. It was the 1925 Fremont Days and the day included some of her favorite people; Lucy, Reva and Grandpa Henry Mills. She has several time travels that she always gravitates toward and the small album is full of many parent approved warps where we will meet and spend time together.
“That was a nice day. I’ll be seeing you,” I promise, using the phrase that has become our standard.
“I’ll be seeing you,” she replies.
I take a seat beside her on the bed for another goodnight kiss and reach over to her nightstand to retrieve a glass, giving her a final drink of water.
After a long gulp, Rose hands the glass back to me and lies down with the album beside her head, studying the photograph and then as a second thought, she sits up and leans in to kiss my belly.
“Ni-night, Joshy,” she whispers sweetly to my ever expanding baby bump.
I smooth her auburn hair as she lies back down and I pull the sheet up close about her shoulders and then her My Little Pony comforter.
“Mommy, I want to give Daddy a kiss,” she softly tells me as she turns on her side and clutches the photo album to her chest, hugging it as though it is a stuffed teddy bear.
“I know, baby. We’ll see Daddy tonight,” I remind her. “Where do we go to see Daddy?”
“Riverview,” Rose says and smiles.
“We’ll be seeing you there. Let’s meet at the carousel,” I suggest.
“Oh yes! And Grandpa Joe McFall will pick me up high, high into the air and set me on the purple horse with the long sparkly mane,” she says while propping herself up on an elbow. “And Daddy will be on the horse beside me and we will laugh and talk while Grandma McFall stands between us to be sure that we don’t slip off.”
“Yes,” I say and nod.
I know that Rose will inhabit a young Cameron cousin of Dave’s and that she and her daddy will be almost the same age. Of course Rose will play her part beautifully. She will fit in just like the traveler that she is.
We don’t have a photograph of that special day but it is all written down in a three ringed binder behind the tab labeled ‘Dave’ and I have read it to her often. It was a day at the old-style amusement park on the east side of Des Moines, where Dave and many of his extended family, including grandparents, aunts, uncles and cousins, had gone for a last day of enjoying the rides before the park had been closed down permanently at the end of the summer of 1978. Dave had only been a four-year-old at the time but he had remembered much of the day. It was just one of a large supply of his stories that are all tucked safely away in my binder and all full of love, family and fun.
Rose lay her head down again, with a big yawn.
“Goodnight,” I whisper as I come to my feet and turn off the overhead light as I leave, looking back at her. She is watching the glowing night light beside her bed and her eyes are already beginning to grow heavy. I pull the door closed until it is open just a crack.
Rubbing my lower back, I work on a small sore spot that I am having as I walk down the hall toward our bedroom. It feels as though Joshua has been sitting against my spine all day. I can’t seem to shake the lower back pain but I still have two months to go yet, so it isn’t labor. Just old age, I think in passing as I pause at the hall curio table that Dave had constructed decades ago. I smooth my hand across the finished surface of the delicately constructed piece and smile to myself, catching my reflection in the antique oval mirror which hangs above it.
The eyes that look back at me are not those of the thirty-six-year-old woman I had been when I had moved to Fremont, Iowa, over five years ago. My face has matured much since those first early days as has my mind and my understanding about life. The world I had believed that I lived in is no more. The world that I am now a part of is magical and mystical—a limitless paradise. I have high hopes that the son that I carry will also share the gift—I am counting on it. My family has lost much, so I feel that it is owed to me that my son will become a member of our secret wonderland. I have the feeling that only good times are ahead for us. The sacrifices that have been made were worth it. I know that now.
We Fremont travelers had managed to change history, affect the future, and safeguard our heritage for generations to come. The sacrifices will forever haunt me and my heart aches now as I think of the greatest loss of all. A tear slips down my cheek and I wipe it away as I study my blue eyes and brush my pesky bangs off of my forehead. As I do, I remember how Dave had always thought of my unconscious smoothing of my bangs from my eyes as one of the sexiest things that he had ever seen, from our very earliest days.
Those early days of our relationship I will never be able to get back to because so many of them involved just him and me. There was no one else in those times and even if there were others, no one who has since passed on that I might travel back in time to and inhabit. A few maybe someday in the future will be options. The street dance back in 2012 perhaps—maybe I can inhabit someone along the sidewalk and watch across the darkened, crowded downtown street, lighted only by a few streetlights, to watch Dave and me swaying together on the concrete dance floor before the big old yellow school bus while he serenades me quietly and holds me close.
I feel tears rising and release the thoughts before I break into sobs. I turn off the hall light, heading into our bedroom where the bedside lamps are lit invitingly and my late night companion, the TV, is on at a low volume. The comforting sound of old sitcoms will keep me company again tonight until I can drift off to sleep.
I slip out of my clothes and survey my large belly in the floor mirror as I lower a loose fitting gown of pale blue over me and pull my hair up into a messy knot at the crown, held with a tortoiseshell clip. As I place my clothes into the hamper, I have a thought and enter our large walk-in closet and trail my hand along the neatly hung clothes—Dave’s things. I grab two handfuls and place my nose in the center, inhaling deeply. His scent still lingers on his things. Closing my eyes I can almost recall exactly the feeling of being pulled in close within his arms, standing on tiptoes to bury my face in his throat, kissing his neck. I pull his navy-blue sweater off of its hanger and bring it with me to bed.
I draw back the covers and sit down on my side of the bed, lifting the binder from the nightstand. I flip to the tab marked ‘Dave & Torie only’ and open the rings, removing the story which I had added a lifetime ago, ‘The Workshop’, and I lay down to read. I consume it within minutes as if ravenous and starving and when I finish, I set it aside on the night table and let the scene fill my mind as I close my eyes.
Then I relax, turning to my left side and smoothing my hand over my large belly as Joshua also stretches out, getting comfortable within. I bring up my launch pad, my sun-drenched meadow, and I lay on my back in the sweet smelling soft grass and I study the puffy white clouds drifting slowly overhead and I patiently wait.

***

I run my hand over the familiar rough latch of the workshop door and lift it, swinging the small entry wide. With the loud sound of rock music blaring from a boom box and the noisy lathe filling the room, he doesn’t hear me until I walk right up behind him. I lightly wrap my arms around his waist from behind and place my nose against the center of his back, inhaling the fragrance of his body—the outdoors, wood, fabric softener, a touch of his clean sweat. I place a kiss on his back and run my hands up over his firm chest.
With a slight intake of his breath he turns around to face me and I smile up at the beauty of a young eighteen-year-old David Cameron. He is a little slimmer than the man I will marry twenty-one-years from this summer day back in 1991. His hair is a little longer, the lines that will crinkle his eyes in that sexy way later in life, not yet apparent. At this point in his life, Torie Mills and our babies are not even a thought in his head. The look of love is in those eyes though—the look of a first love.
“You scared the shit out of me,” he grouses playfully and bends to give me a light kiss on my lips. The funny, wonderful, good man he will become, already a part of the boy who stands before me.
“Hey, handsome,” I greet him as he reaches to turn off the switch to the lathe and then wraps me tighter in a hug that feels like home. “Can you take a little break?”
“Crystal, you are a sight for sore eyes,” he says as he removes his safety glasses and tosses them to the workbench. He leans down to give me a deeper, warm kiss; the curio table that he had been feverishly working to complete for the state fair competition, forgotten for the moment.
“Come with me,” he leers.
I let him lace his fingers with mine and lead me from the workshop and around the barn toward the house. As we stride hand in hand across the farmyard he glances down into my eyes with a sexy wink and then he talks idly about the fair and how he will have just enough time to finish.
“Are you sure you can spare a few minutes for me?” I tease.
“More than a few,” he promises as we climb the stairs to the back deck, entering the kitchen and then taking the small set of service stairs from the kitchen up to the second story.
I already know that we are alone in the house. I already know that he won’t take any chances at being caught as we make our way to the third floor landing of the house and the small room with a fancy little turret. The room with an ocean wave dresser, a gnarled old bed covered with a blue bedspread and positioned just below a window, shuttered with a rattan rolling shade.
He turns on the lights, leads me across the room, and as I gaze up into his face, I watch his eyes as he enjoys every moment of undressing me. He glances down into my eyes and I can already see the undeniable confidence—a man in control as he makes love to his woman. Those little glances feel like little touches—his soul touching mine and warming me to my center. I let him undress me; his fingers working the buttons of my white cotton blouse—he already loves the process. The shirt drops to the floor as his arms come around my waist and his hands cradle me as I fight the tears and close my eyes, savoring the feel of his hands on my body, hands that I was always meant to be possessed by.
He kisses me as he works the rest of my clothes off of me and pauses in his quest to possess me as he allows me to slip his tee shirt over his head and I kiss the smooth sun-tanned skin of his chest, already well-muscled—a chest that will, in his later life, become more defined, cut and powerful. His physique is just beginning to display the rugged strength that will be his; just filling out at this point in time. I slide my fingers down the sexy little trail of dark hair from his naval to his pants and unfasten his jeans button.
“Wait,” he says softly as he grabs for a condom from his back pocket before he lets his pants drop to the floor. He steps out of his clothes and I smooth my hands down his tight abs.
The tears begin to flow and I have an overwhelming feeling of loss that seems as though it always comes with this part of the warp. He pauses to look into my eyes.
“Crystal, are you okay?” he asks softly.
I smile up at him through my tears. “Yes, I’m fine. I love you, Dave,” I say.
I know that the tears Crystal is shedding are, as Dave had told me one time, because she had decided that she needed to make a change in her life and dumping him was going to be the first step. She would break up with him and break his heart for the first time in his life just a few days from this hot August afternoon back in 1991.
“I love you. I’ll always love you,” he says softly.
“Always,” I repeat and kiss him deeply as he carefully backs me up until I feel the bed against the back of my legs and he lays me down and stretches out beside me.

***

I tried to stay and I felt panicked as I began drifting away from the warp. My heart’s desire was to never wake up, never to let go of this man who I love so desperately. I have only this one small point in time when I can be his love and make love to him; to feel his mouth claiming mine and know that it is my Dave—not like our travels of our past when he would inhabit other men and we would share love but another’s love. These were his hands on my body, his frame pressing down upon me, possessing me with giving passion as he brings me to fulfillment. I know that I will wish to visit and live this point in time, every night, for the rest of my life.
So why am I being pulled away? I scream inside my head. Please God, please let me stay! I don’t ever want to leave this perfection! But even as I pray and beg and plead, I feel myself being ripped away from the scene and I come awake with a wrenching sob bursting from my lips.
“Dave, please don’t go!” I cry out, as my eyes fly open to be met by the soft lamplight of my bedroom and the muffled sound of the TV; still keeping me company with late night programming, just as I’d left it when I had laid down.
“No!” I sob aloud brokenly as I struggle to sit up.
“Whoa—whoa! Jesus! Honey, are you okay?” Dave barks low with concern, reaching out to take ahold of my shoulder and then lightly running his hand over my belly. “Torie, are you okay?”
“Oh God, Dave,” I burst out with a cry of relief as I crumble into a blithering mess of racking sobs. I lift my hands toward him and he removes his reading glasses, setting his book aside and laying down to wrap me up in his arms.
“Aww, sweetheart,” he croons with sympathy in his tone. “Torie, baby, come on, don’t cry. What was it this time?”
“Oh, Dave,” I blubber pathetically. “Rose and I were talking about warping and meeting you at Riverview and I was pregnant with JP but I was time traveling and you were dead, Dave! I warped to the workshop and I was Crystal and it seemed so real and so sad. I was trying to stay in the warp and was being pulled away from you.”
“It was just another bad dream, Torie,” he assures me. “Our family’s warping days are over for a couple of years remember?” he reminds me, touching my big pregnant belly. “At least until baby Joshua joins our family and gets older. I still dream about the warps, too, honey and they get all mixed up in my head and I can’t tell what’s what but it’s just because we miss them. It was just a bad dream, Torie,” he assures me again, as I bury my face in his neck and his hand slides up and down my back comfortingly as I continue to try and get ahold of my emotions.
“Just a bad dream,” I croak with a choppy deep breath in and then a long sigh of relief as Dave wraps me up in his strong arms. “Thank God!”



Epilogue


Torie
May 29, 2017
Memorial Day

I opened my family tree program and scanned through the photographs, pausing to print off a few with my laser printer as I strolled through the folders of images. I want to find a good assortment to share, without bringing every heavy album. Just a few that will be of interest to people. I could hear Joshua stirring in the next room and knew that he would need his lunch soon.
“Nap a little longer, Joshua,” I said aloud softly to the baby monitor as if willing him telepathically to obey. I listened and he did quiet and I hurried to finish up my printing.
Today will be a wonderful day, full of family, friends and community. A picnic and Memorial Day celebration with all of our Fremont friends and loved ones. For some, it will be their first meeting with our precious little five-month-old Joshua Peter. He is a cherubic baby, with a dimpled smile on his face most of his days. Happy and contented, he is an absolute joy.
We don’t know yet if he will be a traveler, we won’t know for at least another year or more. Our family is still in that odd warp free zone that occurs when a baby joins a traveler family. We will all be warp free for some time yet. They started back up for Dave and I when Rose Lynn was about eighteen months old so I assume it will be the same this time. This time though, we will be in control of our travels and able to come and go at will. We will not be leaving this baby alone in our house while we are helplessly trapped in the past. This time will be completely different because we have been completely schooled.
Dave and I, Rosie too, still have dreams where we feel as if we are warping even though the travels stopped for all of us in my third month of pregnancy. Rose Lynn has a real longing for the travels and talks about them often in the privacy of our home. She understands that we need to wait for Joshua to get older before we can travel again and she tries to be a big girl and be patient but is anxious to get back to them—a traveler, through and through, no doubt about it.
Jeff and Carrie are expected to be back today from their visit to his parents’ home in Arkansas. They married quietly in Oskaloosa just a few days ago, at the courthouse, same as Dave and I did, years ago. It was a special ceremony and I wouldn’t have missed it for anything. Carrie’s parents had been in attendance from Missouri and we had enjoyed meeting them. They had shared lunch with us afterward and had stayed a couple of days in Oskie before heading back to Saint Louis. Rose Lynn had been Carrie’s unofficial flower girl and had loved having the important duty of holding Carrie’s bouquet of spring flowers as she and Jeff had declared their vows and exchanged rings. I am so happy for Jeff Allman—he has finally found what he’s been searching for, a beautiful woman inside and out who is the perfect country girl for him and keeps a huge smile of happiness on his face every moment she is in his presence. He adores her and she adores him.
As I continue to look for photographs of interest, it is still so amazing to me that every reference in my binders and on my computer—his obituary, the mention of him in the story about Muff, every photograph and every time travel revisited in the days following the execution of our plan, is missing one certain individual—my great-granduncle Peter, the quiet, painfully shy man who had loved animals and nature and whittling wood. The man who had laid down his life for family and had done it without any surety of what the results would be. The result had been that he had been completely erased from the history books and from the consciousness of man, however, not from the consciousness of our generation of travelers. He will be forever remembered for his sacrifice.
The very morning after we had returned from the time warp I had discovered him missing from the family tree and documents. Dave and I had hurried to Cedar Township Cemetery and had found that the headstone for Francis Mills that had once also held the information for Peter was altered, smooth and empty. Peter’s name was gone and the weathered granite stone for Francis Mills looked as if it had been undisturbed for a hundred years. I had approached it and dropped on my knees before it to run my hand across the pock-marked and mossy face and had cried tears of loss and relief.
I had cried not only for Peter who we had lost but for the two little girls to whom we owe so much, who we had found but could not save. Their fate will be forever unknown to the world but we travelers know what became of them and will always remember. For myself, I have vowed and Dave has agreed, that if another daughter is in the future for our family, she will be Lucinda Coyle Cameron—Lindy, for short.
It took only until the next night of traveling to confirm that our plan had worked. No travelers were harassed or injured. Thompson was no longer trapped between life and death; he was gone and we were free of him and the scourge of his family. In truth though, I had nearly failed. I’d almost lost my hold on Thompson as I’d begun to tumble into the well. I had felt Lindy’s body pass by me as she had fallen into the depths. She had cried out for her sister Coyle as she had fallen and I had been unable to do anything to help her as I had felt my fingers slipping off of Thompson’s shirt front.
Then, from out of nowhere I had heard the roar of a voice and a second voice, both Peter’s voice but two distinct people speaking to each other. It was Dave; he had somehow accomplished something unprecedented in the history of travelers. He had jumped into a person already inhabited by another and had forced Mark Thompson to follow the girls into the yawning abyss and I like to think that the gates of hell were open and ready to receive him into the everlasting purgatory that he so justly deserves.
Ray felt that what Dave had accomplished was a testament to the strength of his gift and I feel that he is right. Dave had modestly dismissed Ray’s praise and instead had insisted that it was Grandma Rose who had made it possible for him to be there that day and his strength of love for me that had caused him to be able to leap from the body of Allen Mills watching from a distance out at the tree line, into Peter as he had shared the same space with the monster, Mark Thompson. Whatever the reason, Dave had made history with that warp.
As he had tried to describe it to me later, he’d said that it was as if being in a tight space, a small closet with barely enough room to breathe. He had been face to face with Thompson, the man who had blown his brains out when he had inhabited Tim Thompson back in 1959, the man who had terrorized Fremont, who had caused me to lose our baby last year. Dave had said that he was not about to allow him to get away from him. He had held him and glared into those brilliant green eyes full of evil and he had forced him to stay as he had propelled Peter into the depths.
I had endured several minutes of terror as I had anxiously waited in our bed next to his still body, listening to his heartbeat and praying it would continue. When he had gotten back, ten minutes after me, he’d told me that after he had warped out of Peter, he had inhabited Allen again and run to the well, just to be sure. I had been so pissed at him for scaring me and so relieved at having him back with me safe and sound that I had collapsed into a sniveling, sobbing mess in his arms.

***

Rose Lynn was singing a little tune as she breezed into the room waving a small American flag.
“I guess you’re ready to go, huh?” I asked.
“Yes. Daddy said to tell you that he has the car all packed up,” she said with a big nod. “And that everybody went to the park.”
“Okay. Thank you,” I said, as I put the photographs into a large manila envelope. “Let’s get going. We have a busy day ahead.”
“Yippy,” Rose called as she turned to precede me out of the room.
I took the flag from her hand as she started for the stairs. “Let me hold that while you concentrate on holding the railing,” I suggested. “Joshy and I will be right down.”
She didn’t object as I took the flag from her hand. “I’ll help you get Joshy up,” she offered, turning to follow me down the hall.
I pushed open the nursery door and approached the crib to find him awake, contentedly watching the mobile hanging above his bed. Seeing me, he kicked his feet excitedly and was all smiles.
“Joshy,” Rose cooed, reaching over the bumper pad that featured zoo animals and green foliage to touch Joshua’s hand and he grabbed her finger. “You ready to get up?” she sweetly asked.
Joshua Peter responded by giving her a dimpled grin.
I lowered the side of the crib and spoke to Rose. “Rose, would you get Mommy a diaper and the wipes?”
Rose wrestled her finger away from JP to do my bidding.
“Could you slip this inside the diaper bag for me?” I asked her next and handed her the envelope of photographs and she promptly obeyed, placing them into a side pocket.
She continued to be my big helper as we added extra clothes, wipes, and anything else I could think of that we might need for our day and Joshua’s care and comfort. I finished up, dressing him in a two piece set, a monster truck tee shirt and lightweight pants. It was supposed to be in the upper seventies today but I grabbed up a spring jacket for him, just in case.
“Okay, off we go,” I said settling Joshua in my arms while grabbing up Rose’s flag and his bag and glancing one more time about the nursery for anything else that we might need before heading out.
We started down the stairs and Dave was waiting at the bottom of the flight.
“I have everything packed up,” he said. “I put the crock pots and those boxes full of chips and buns on the floor in the back. I packed 4 bottles for Josh. Is that enough?”
“Yes, did you get the jars of cereal and green beans?”
“Got ‘em,” Dave said and then he took Rose’s extended hands as she leapt off of the last couple of steps and to the floor before him, then he turned his attention to Joshua.
“Hey, little man. Are you ready to go?” 
Joshua kicked his feet excitedly and favored him with a huge smile; leaning toward Dave’s waiting arms. I let Dave relieve me of him and I took Rose’s hand.
“Did you let the dog out to potty? Did you turn off the coffee pot?” I asked.
“Done and done,” he said opening the door. “Everyone’s already at the park. Mom called and said the place is packed.”
“Can’t wait,” I said excitedly as I pulled the front door closed after us.
Our entire family had hit town last night in anticipation of today’s special Fremont Memorial Day reunion and we had all descended on the Oskaloosa Family Restaurant and shared a meal and several hours of conversation there, finally calling it a night at 10 p.m. Most had already made reservations at motels in the area and had refused my invitation to stay with us even though we have plenty of room to put a few of them up. I plan to revisit the subject again today.
My phone buzzed as I got settled in the car and I said to Dave as he climbed in, “Mindy texted me that she’s at the park.”
“She didn’t have any trouble finding the family?” Dave asked.
“She said the park is wall to wall Mills and Cameron relatives,” I said and grinned.
Dave squeezed my left thigh excitedly, “Off we go.”

***

The entrance to the Friends Park in Oskaloosa was decorated with American flags and Memorial Day banners all along the sides of the roads until we passed the fountain and sculpture park and wound our way through the lovely tree canopied grounds. The crowd, as we approached the shelter house, was so large that it appeared as if quite possibly every inhabitant of both Oskaloosa and Fremont might be in attendance. We found a place to park along the edge of the wide two-lane road and as we were getting the kids out of the car Sarah and Jerry approached.
“Hey, little man,” Sarah crooned to Joshua as she opened the back door. He gave her his big open smile that he always has ready for everyone that he meets. She unlatched his carrier from his car seat as she spoke, “Good morning,” she said, looking across the back seat to Rose and me as I released Rose Lynn from her booster seat.
“Hi, Aunt Sarah,” Rose said wriggling out and onto the ground beside me.
“Jerry,” Rose Lynn shrieked and raised her arms to him, asking to be lifted into his embrace.
“You guys sleep okay?” I asked Sarah.
“Sure, the Budget Inn is perfect,” she assured me, lifting Joshua.
“We have more than enough room. I insist that you stay with us for the next few days until you leave,” I demanded. “Margo also, if she wants.”
I grabbed up Joshua’s diaper bag and closed the door while Dave had the back hatch open and was unpacking the crockpots, boxes and bags with Sean and Margo’s assistance.
“Margo, I want you to stay at our house, will you?” I asked.
“And give up our plush RV?” Sean balked at such an idea. “No way. We’re fine continuing to hook up outside on your drive if you don’t mind.”
“Of course not,” Dave assured him.
“I will take you up on your offer for the use of your shower,” Margo said.
I nodded. “What’s mine is yours,”
“While we’re here I want to get a look at some of your projects,” Sean reminded Dave.
“I want to see the Wyman house and take a tour of the complex,” Margo added.
“Jerry and me, too,” Sarah piped up.
“We can do that. It’s a huge place to tour. We’ll make a day of it. John and Margaret should be here today so I will run it by them,” I said.
Jerry placed Rose Lynn onto her own two feet and she offered to help me by carrying a folded armful of baby blankets as Jerry took up a large box of burger buns, condiments, and chips and everyone with their arms full, headed up the gradual hill toward the covered shelter house. We paused there to add our offerings to the array of dishes lining many folding tables that were set up and being managed by the Mahaska chapter of the VFW Ladies Auxiliary. On the far side of the building, a couple of smokers and several grills were being attended to by the Oskaloosa Barbecue Masters organization.
After we unloaded our arms we took up Joshua’s things and Margo led the way to the tables that our families had already staked out. They had six picnic tables lined up close together, dozens of folding chairs and some blankets spread out in the grass where several of our nieces and nephews were sitting with their smart phones in hand. They all looked up and waved and a couple of the girls clapped their hands and jumped up to come and see Rose and Joshua. Both Grandma Sandy and Grandma Anna were on their feet at the same time, hurrying to get a little lovin’ from our kids. Sarah set Joshua on the table in his carrier and Sandy had him out of his seat in no time, hugging him close before grudgingly handing him off to Anna as she kissed her newest grandbaby.
Rose Lynn had already climbed up into my dad’s lap and was telling him about something that had my dad’s rapt attention. I crouched next to Dad and Rose, giving him a kiss on his cheek. “Are you going to stay with me and Dave tonight? I want you for a minimum of one night in our home before you head out.”
“We’ll stay with you before we leave,” he assured me. “I think that we’ll be here for a few days. I want to take Sandy and go in search of some places while I’m here. I would like to drive by and show her Grandpa Henry’s farm and his ‘in town’ house and Allen’s old farm.”
“I want in on that. I would love to join you,” I said.
He smiled at me as he hugged Rose Lynn. “Rose has been telling me that she has a new puppy for me to see before I go and a pony named…” he paused. “What’s its name?”
“Soap Suds,” Rose Lynn said. “She is a brown and white Pinto.”
“We call her Suds for short, don’t we, Rosie?” I asked before I continued in explanation. “She looks like a brown horse with white soap on her back and dripping down her legs. Hence the name.”
“What’s your puppy’s name?” Dad asked.
“Smoke,” Rosie offered. “Our dog Shadow had to go to be with Jesus and our new dog looks a lot like him but he’s gray, like smoke.”
Smoke is actually a silver and black German shepherd and just beautiful. We lost our sweet old Shadow earlier this year at the age of thirteen. He had developed some arthritis but had done okay with medication and then in March he had torn his cruciate ligament. He had gone for a couple of weeks getting along okay by favoring the leg but the doctor had told us that he was not a good candidate for surgery due to his other medical conditions and his age. Dave had been trying to pursue that option anyway and had taken him to Ames, Iowa, for evaluation by the veterinarians at Iowa State University but before he could even get a plan in place, Shadow’s other back leg had gone and the decision had been made for us.
When he didn’t come to dinner one evening, Dave had found him in the barn, unable to do more than hobble. He was in such pain and Dave had carried him to the house and he had sat with him in the back of our new Escalade while I had driven and we had met the vet at his office in Oskie on a Wednesday evening. Dave had comforted and spoken quietly to Shadow as he was gently put to his rest while I had stayed in the waiting room with the kids. It was hard to say goodbye but it was what was best for him and we know that we may see him again one day. In the back of our minds we were considering that we may have opportunities—in our travels.
I left Rose to continue to describe life with a new puppy while I moved on along the table and greeted the rest of Dave’s family with hugs and kisses. All of them had made it and although no one wanted to impose by staying with us, I would continue to press it and was going to insist that we all get together for barbeques over the next couple of days and enjoy other family events at our house so that we would have plenty of time for catching up and making those all-important family memories.
Jeff Allman and Carrie came across the park and Dave was first to greet them and shake Jeff’s hand, then pulled him in briefly for a manly pound on the back. I hurried to grab Mindy by the hand and pulled her out of her lawn chair, interrupting her conversation with Adam’s wife.
“Excuse me, Jill. Mindy you need to finally meet Carrie,” I said. There hadn’t seemed to be a single time that I could get the two of them together until now. Carrie’s work schedule and Mindy’s proximity, being in Des Moines, limited the opportunities.
“Oh great, the Fremont me,” Mindy groused playfully as she came to her feet. We were beginning to have a standing joke regarding Mindy’s jealousy over Carrie’s status of becoming my best friend in town. It was all in fun because Mindy doesn’t have a jealous bone in her body.
“It isn’t a contest, Mindy,” I drawled tiredly, playing along as I put my arm around her shoulders with a squeeze. “You will always be my best friend.”
I made the introductions and watched blonde and beautiful Mindy size up blonde and beautiful Carrie carefully. Carrie was the first to break the ice by hugging her warmly.
“Mindy, I’ve heard so much about you. I’m glad to finally meet you in person.”
“I’ve heard a lot of stories about you as well,” Mindy conceded and returned her hug.
“Jeff,” I said accepting his big bear hug.
“Torie, lady, where’s that boy of yours?” he asked.
I looked around to our group in time to see him being passed from Anna to Dave’s dad Mike. “There,” I said pointing and then paused as my eyes scanned the crowded park. “Would you excuse me?” I asked and didn’t wait for him to answer as I smiled in return to the nod and wave I was receiving. I hurried across the lawn.
“Ray,” I greeted him as he approached on his bowed legs with his slightly hunched gait. “I had hoped to see you today and hope that you might spend some time with my family. I have so many people for you to meet.”
Ray surveyed the large group milling about and filling the scattering of picnic tables and he took my hand in his, placing a kiss on the back before tucking it into the crook of his arm.
“A wonderful day for making memories with family,” he said with a smile.
“Yes,” I agreed and lay my cheek against his shoulder and squeezed his arm briefly before we strolled leisurely across the lawn. I continued quietly for his ears only. “I learned from the best. Make memories now, for the future—where they will want to come back to and spend time.”
“I would say that you are well on your way, sweetie,” Ray said with a nod. “Now, why don’t you introduce me to all of these lovely folks?”



Coming Soon

Enduring Gift, book #4 of the Heritage Time Travel Romance series


Rose Lynn Cameron was completely absorbed and in her own world, skimming the contents page of a mammoth history book that was opened upon the desk before her. A hand suddenly smacked down hard onto the page, effectively blocking her view and in the process and startling her so badly that she nearly bit her tongue in half. Her best friend Kirsten added her other hand with its neon-orange polished fingernails across the page, completely covering the text.
“Rose,” Kirsten whispered harshly, glaring at her from the other side of their table. “When are you going to be ready to leave?”
“Soon,” Rose hissed back, pushing Kirsten’s hands off of the volume.
Kirsten growled in exasperation as Rose Lynn went back to the book; index finger quickly gliding over the contents page. Kirsten watched as Rose absently bit on her lower lip in concentration which was a habit that Rose had resolutely vowed to kick for good last New Year’s Eve and in the presence of Kirsten and the rest of their circle of close friends. “Guaranteed,” Rose had said back then.
Kirsten smiled to herself in spite of her irritation with her now, because Rose Lynn had had this particularly troublesome habit ever since her earliest memory of her, in fact, from the very first day that they had been introduced to one another in Sunday school class back when they were both scrawny little four-year-olds.
She’ll never kick it, Kirsten thought now with amusement.
“Hey, why are you looking for information about the stupid Civil War anyway?” Kirsten asked in what she realized afterward was a volume that was a tad louder than was appropriate for the quiet library atmosphere.
“I’m not looking for just the Civil War but for that soldier who was from Keokuk County and I’ve told you that already! God! Why can’t you please just help me instead of bugging me?” Rose pushed another of the regional history books across the shiny expanse of the oaken tabletop toward her. “You just need to go to the front and look through the table of contents and check the names of the men profiled and then flip to the back and check the index—just to be sure.”
“What’s that guy’s name again?” Kirsten sighed heavily, resigned.
“Axel Springer and I’ve told you that like three times already!” Rose Lynn hissed angrily.
“Hey, I didn’t know that when we were let out early for conferences that we would be spending the extra two hours at the stupid Oskaloosa Public Library. Let’s go! Can’t you just check these out?”
“No, I can’t—these are reference books for library use only. Duh! Why are you being such a baby about this? Can’t you just help me? It’ll go much quicker if you do.”
Rose Lynn glanced across the sunlit room to observe that the librarian was watching them again, with her face screwed up into a tight-lipped frown and she looked as if she were readying another Shhh to come their way and it would be the second one in the last five minutes! .Rose smiled sweetly at the woman, hoping that the gesture appropriately conveyed a heartfelt apology before returning her attention to her own table and glaring across at Kirsten with menace.
“We are going to get kicked out of here and if that happens I will not be going to the school mixer with you at the Community Center on Friday night and I will not be going into Des Moines with you on Saturday to shop and I will not…”
“Okay! Okay!” Kirsten interrupted, covering her ears with the palms of her hands to block the harshly whispered threat and relented. “Fine!”
Rose, her expression stern, was fighting a twitch of a smile that was threatening to bloom, in spite of her anger. She watched Kirsten dramatically flip her newly colored chocolate and chunky silver-streaked hair back over her shoulders and down her back before planting her nose firmly in the large history book before her.
“Jesus!” Kirsten added under her breath. “Chill!”
Rose Lynn glanced up at the wall clock; 2:30 p.m. and her mom would be expecting her to be home in less than an hour. It didn’t give her much time and in near panic mode she went back to her book, quickly scanning the list of men’s names that were featured in the volume, including their full biographies; before checking the back index and finally, in defeat, setting the volume aside.
Rose heard the librarian approaching; the soft pad of her sensible flats barely making a sound on the high-gloss mosque-tiled floor, and she looked up with an apology already on the tip of her tongue for the amount of noise that was coming from their table, when she realized that the woman was actually smiling. The librarian stopped next to their table and laid a large navy blue cloth-bound book before Rose Lynn, keeping her index finger inside of it to mark a page. Rose could see the gold-inlayed title of the book which read Roster and Record of Iowa Soldiers in the War of the Rebellion. The librarian took a seat at Rose’s side as she spoke quietly, while also laying a piece of paper at Rose’s left elbow.
“I think that I found him. He was Axel Springer from Hedrick—correct?”
“Yes—yes! That’s him,” Rose Lynn whispered excitedly.
The librarian smiled at Rose again, with the most conspiratorial gleam in her eyes, and Rose thought that it completely transformed her face and she was shocked to realize that the woman was probably only about ten years older than herself.



About the Author

Dana Roquet lives in Iowa and enjoys history, genealogy and puttering around cemeteries in her spare time collecting the stories that time may have forgotten. This is her fourth novel.



Works by Dana Roquet

The Heritage Time Travel Romance series
Out of the Past, book #1 
Into the Future, book #2
Forevermore,    book #3

Coming Soon
Enduring Gift, book #4 of the Heritage Time Travel Romance series

Heritage Time Travel Romance series
PG-13 All Iowa Edition
Out of the Past, book #1
Into the Future, book #2
Forevermore,    book #3

Coming Soon
Enduring Gift, book #4 of the Heritage Time Travel Romance series
PG-13 All Iowa Edition

Love’s Vengeance
