Forever Young Birth Of A Nation
Copyright © 2012 Gerald Simpkins
Neither this document nor any part of it may be copied, reproduced, stored, or transferred by print, electronic, or any other means without written permission from the author.
Published by Gerald Simpkins at Smashwords 2012
ISBN 978-0-9665434-3-8
Dedication
This book is dedicated to my wife Kathy.  Special thanks to Joe Perrone.
Disclaimer
All characters in this story are purely fictional, the product of the author’s imagination.  The only exceptions are some of America’s founding fathers, three European kings, and the Marquis de Sade.  All of those are historically-documented figures who lived during the latter half of the 18th century.  Any quotes attributed to them are purely fictional.

Chapter 1
September 1775, New York City
Birds chirped merrily and two children laughed as they played around the liberty pole at Grover’s Square in New York City.  Ian and James strolled north toward the square, looking like two young gentlemen merely taking a turn about the neighborhood.
A rented carriage was sitting at the edge of the park and as they approached Amos Blackwell emerged from it and greeted them even as three more carriages approached from the east.
“Good morning Mr. McCloud, Mr. Barrows I’m pleased to see you both again.”
“We’re pleased to see you again too sir.  Have you some recommendations to make regarding our building?”
“I certainly do, sirs.  Is there a place where we can to look at my plans properly?  I do apologize for requesting a meeting like this but I only have a tiny rented room nearby and it’s totally unsuitable for that.”
Ian was about to respond when the three carriages pulled up and discharged their occupants at the entrance of Grover park where they were standing.  To Ian’s surprise out stepped Colonel Harold Grundy.
Although his expression didn’t betray his surprise, he thought Grundy?  How in hell did he find me here today?  Worse yet, what does he want?
Besides Colonel Grundy, there was the banker, Willard Wellington, four Officers of His Majesty’s Army, three officers of the Royal Navy, and four wealthy merchants.  All had been present at the gala the night before.
Grundy walked confidently then to Ian and James, his entourage behind him.  “Mr. McCloud.  Fancy seeing you here.”
“Colonel Grundy.  A surprise indeed.”
Ian introduced Grundy to Blackwell and stood patiently by as Grundy introduced his entire entourage.  Gesturing toward James Grundy said “Is that your second?”
“My second?  This is my business associate and good friend James Barrows, recently of London”
James nodded toward Grundy, neither one extending a hand toward the other.
Blackwell was quite confused, looking questioningly first toward Ian and then toward Grundy as the latter spoke again.
“I don’t suppose you’re repentant of anything you said last evening, Mr. McCloud?”
“I don’t suppose that I am, Colonel Grundy.”
“I thought that you might have better sense today without a young lady to impress.”
“You thought wrong, and I have no designs on Rebecca.”
Ian could easily see some color rising from Grundy’s collar, beginning to turn his face red.
“So you don’t take back anything you said last evening?”
“No.”
“I seem to recall that you said some seditious things and some unkind things about me.”
“You were a boor then and you’re being one again today, sir.”
“By God, you’ll pay for that remark sir!  You indicated sabers last evening and I’ve brought them!  Choose one now or run away like the peacock you really are.”
Sighing deeply Ian stepped forward as Wellington presented a case which he opened, facing the contents toward Ian.  Ian chose one, and lifting it to level with his shoulders, he put his other hand near the tip and caused the blade to flex some two inches, and turning it over he flexed it likewise again while thinking how can I get out of this now?
Wordlessly handing it to James he removed his waistcoat and took the blade, nodding to the group and then to the two children playing around the pole.  “What of the children?”
Grundy turned to the officers, saying “See to those children.”  The officers went to the two and walked them to their mother and talked briefly with her.  She quickly took them, walking as fast as she could away from the park.
A horse drawing a small carriage clattered to a halt on the cobblestone street at the park entrance.  The driver assisted a lady from the coach and waited while she made her way to the group.  Ian saw immediately that it was Rebecca, and that she was quite upset.
Can this get any worse? he thought as she walked briskly their direction.
Walking into the midst of the group she said “Surely you two are not going through with this thing!”
Grundy spoke then, saying “Go home Rebecca.  This doesn’t concern you.”
“Oh really?  I beg to differ, sir.  Did you know that it was I who asked Ian to take me to the Gala?”
Grundy couldn’t hide the surprise in his face as she continued.  “I told him that you’d been sent to New Jersey by General Gage and that I wanted to go to the Gala.  I asked him in front of the church yesterday morning after the service, and I asked him in front of three people so that he could hardly refuse without looking bad.  You are out of line sir” she said and turning to Grundy’s entourage she continued “And the lot of you should be ashamed of yourselves.  General Gage asked Mr. McCloud to give an opinion of the economy and when he did, you turned on him like a pack of hyenas.  And now here you are today hoping to see him hurt or killed.  If people like you represent the cream of British society in the Colonies, God help us all!  Is it any wonder the Colonists are revolting?”
They were all dumbfounded and speechless at the fire in the eyes of this angry young lady and they were stung by her words as well.  She came to Ian then, reached toward him and took his hand in both of hers, as she stepped very close to him.  Lowering her voice she said “Dear Ian.  Don’t let this thing go a bit further than it already has.”
Raising his voice unnecessarily so that all could hear him, Grundy sneeringly said “Well, well McCloud.  How fortuitous for you.  The young lady comes just in time to save her peacock.”
Ian drew her away several paces and turned to her.
“How did you know about this?”
“That young girl you danced with, Louise.  She overheard some of those men over there talking and she fretted about it all night.  One of them overheard you talking to Mr. Blackwell and told Colonel Grundy.  She came early today to my home to tell me.  Please don’t go through with this thing.”
“I fear it’s gone too far.  I’ll be denounced throughout New York City and called a coward by these witnesses.”
“But Ian.  Surely people will come to realize the truth of this matter.”
“No.  These men have far too much influence here in this city and nearby.  When they’re through with me in the press and in the organizations they belong to, the very people I need to do business with will have nothing to do with our bank.”
“Oh Ian!  Please do reconsider!”
“I promise that I won’t hurt him seriously.”
“But Ian, he…”
“I’ll wound his pride, but I won’t kill him.”
“But Ian, he killed a man in a duel last year.  He is among the finest swordsmen in the Colonies!”
Turning to the group Ian said “I await your pleasure, sirs.”
A wealthy merchant then brought a case containing two pistols for the seconds.  James and a British naval officer each took one, waiting for the rule of quarter to be decided.
Wellington then said “Shall the rule of quarter be observed here this day Mr. McCloud?”
“Yes.”
“Colonel Grundy?”
“I don’t wish to seek quarter.”
“Mr. McCloud?”
“Very well Colonel Grundy.  No quarter.”
Several of Grundy’s entourage turned to each other in surprise, talking among themselves in hushed tones.  Clearly they never expected this to become a duel to the death.
James and the navy officer each handed their pistols back to the merchant as Ian stepped away from the group toward an open area near the liberty pole.  Grundy took off his waistcoat and followed, swooshing his sword impressively several times and raising it above his head horizontally, drawing it downward behind his head to touch his shoulders as he loosened his muscles.  Ian merely stood by as if bored, looking about the neighborhood as Grundy continued his exercise.  Nodding to Wellington then, Grundy signified that he was ready, as he and Ian faced each other about twenty feet apart, directly in front of Wellington.
Wellington read an already-prepared document to formalize the duel for all witnesses present and after folding it and putting it in the inner pocket of his waistcoat he raised his voice “Gentlemen, are you ready?”
“Mr. Wellington.  Colonel Grundy.  I appeal to both of you one final time.  Let us have done with this thing.  I’m the grievant here being as it was me who was struck.  I’ll be willing to let the offense pass with no apology if we can all walk away from here now and forget about the whole thing.”
“Oh I’ll wager you will now that it’s come down to blood and steel.  Ready yourself now peacock or admit that you’re a coward.”
“Remember that I offered you forgiveness today Colonel Grundy.”
Turning to Wellington he nodded and then turned to face Grundy as he thought am I ready for what will come of this day?  All that I came here to do was to start up a bank and look at what’s happened.  Even as Wellington shouted “On guard!” he allowed his mind to briefly drift back to the day he first saw America.

Chapter 2
August 1775, Atlantic Ocean 120 miles east of New York City
 “Land ho to starboard” cried the lookout from the crow’s nest of the merchantman New Hope.  Having seen the shore over a minute earlier, Ian turned to his companion James Barrow and smiled, saying “Well James, at long last we’ll have a look at New York City.  We should have plenty of time to lodge and then look around before dark.”
“I can’t wait, Ian.  Let’s go pack our bags now.”
“Right.  I’m going to write a few letters to verify that we arrived today and leave them with Captain Norris.”  At the thought of sending correspondence home, he had a pang of sorrow, missing all of his friends and family.  It was a good thing after all to ask Robert for a companion he thought.  James was a fine young man and Ian had become fast friends with him on the voyage from London.
Captain Norris approached, smiling “I bet the two of you can’t wait to see all of the sights in the New World.”
“Right you are, Andrew.  How long before you depart?”
“We’ll be here the better part of a week anyway.  There are a few minor repairs to take care of from that storm.  Then we’ll sail to Boston.  I want to take on a load of Cod to take back to England.”
“Are you sure you can get it?  The colonists in Boston have imposed a ‘no-trade’ sanction with England.”
“I had thought that was past now.  I will try Newport then.  Or I could sail south to Yorktown and buy tobacco.  The alternative to an empty ship might be to haul manure back!”  Laughing as he nodded in understanding, Ian excused himself to see to his belongings and to write some letters.  He wrote one to Robert Milliken, the London banker who was jointly capitalizing the new banks that he and James had been sent to start up.  Another one was for Marie and Henri Lafayette, the Banker and silent partner who was putting up the other half of the capital for the new banks.  He missed them keenly, as much as he missed his human family in Scotland.  Included was a general letter to Li Hong, Sophia, Celeste, and all of the others of his vampire-human family in France.  A separate letter was enclosed to Aimee, the child vampire; and finally a letter to his human family in Scotland.  
His correspondence finished in an hour, he rejoined James and Captain Norris at the helm.  They chatted pleasantly passing the time until New Hope had dropped anchor in the harbor nearly seven hours later.  New York harbor was a busy place, bustling with activity.  There were very few British soldiers to be seen being as New York City was still under civilian rule.  Looking closely at a large British ship, Ian saw several men in uniform, in blue coats.  Looking more closely at these as his party made their way ashore in a longboat, he discerned that they were Hessians even while thinking so the king has hired German mercenaries.  What does that say about the prospects for peace?  And they’re not debarking here, so where are they bound?
Norris agreed to inquire about getting care for the small herd of goats that Ian and James had brought from England.  They had served their secret purpose providing blood for the two vampires on the transatlantic voyage and would be sold at auction within days at the stockyard area of New York City.
Before separating from Captain Norris they had invited him to dine with them at the Harbor Inn where they would be staying.  The two of them took a carriage and their driver took them to the Inn which Andrew recommended where James agreed to get them a room.  Within some twenty minutes, Ian arrived at the British military office for New York City.  Presenting his papers to the commander of the guard he was shown in to a waiting room immediately.  There were other men seated there, also awaiting an audience with General Gage or one of his staff.
It was no more than some ten minutes when a sergeant came out and called for Ian McCloud.  Ian stood and followed the soldier through ornate double doors, noting some irate stares as he passed by some of the others who’d been there for hours.  His papers bore the seal of the British Crown itself and assured both James and him priority treatment.
He was taken to another large ornate double door and the sergeant knocked.  Ian heard the word “Enter.” from the other side and he was taken to stand in front of a stern gray-haired man, wearing the uniform of a general in His Majesty’s army.
Standing, he came around his desk, his keen blue eyes fastened on Ian’s as he said “Mr. McCloud.  I am General Thomas Gage, commander of His Majesty’s forces in the colonies.  I’m pleased to make your acquaintance.  I expected to see an older man.”
His tri-corner hat in his left hand, Ian stepped forward extending his right hand with a broad smile, saying “I’m an early starter, General Gage.”
“Well I know Bob Milliken and if he trusts you with enough of his money to start up two banks on another continent, I’ve no doubt that you’re the man for the job.  You look more like a seafaring man than a banker sir, if you don’t mind my saying so.”
“I’m outdoors as often as I can be, sir, and I spent nearly every waking hour on deck coming over.”
“I wish you well on your endeavor Mr. McCloud.  God knows we can use another bank here in the colonies.”  He passed the paperwork back to Ian saying “I’m going to have to hand you over to Colonel Grundy though.  I’m pressed for time.  I spend more time in Boston than here in New York City.  Don’t hesitate to come to me if you need any help.  Good day, sir.”
“Good day to you General Gage.”  Ian said as he fell in behind the sergeant who turned smartly to walk out of the office.  Before he’d gotten to the door though, Gage called out “I say there, McCloud.  There’s to be a dinner and a ball two nights hence at Government House, not two blocks north of here.  It’s to begin at seven PM and you have only to mention my name at the door.  Please do come and bring Mr. Barrows with you.”
Ian turned and nodded, smiling broadly.  “Sir, may I also bring Captain Andrew Norris?  We sailed here together and he is a fine gentleman.”
“Yes, yes, by all means.”
“Then I should like that very much sir.  We’ll make every effort to come.  Thank you and good day.”  Within only two minutes he was taken to a smaller office and shown in.  A man about thirty years old with fine straight black hair and dark brown eyes looked him up and down thoroughly before stepping from behind his desk, saying “Pleased to meet you Mr. McCloud.  I am Colonel Harold Grundy of His Majesty’s army.”
Ian stepped forward smiling broadly and shook his hand.  Grundy was an imposing man, muscular, being a bit taller than Ian with a brooding look about his eyes.  He would be considered handsome for sure, but seemed to lack any real warmth.  Asking first if Ian had secured lodging, he then asked about the voyage and on which ship he had arrived.  Ian answered and presented his documents then.
Grundy kept the document which merely presented Ian and James as duly credentialed agents of Robert Milliken of Edwards & Milliken bank of London.  Those would be filed with all other such enterprises officially sanctioned by the Crown.  Looking back up he said “Will there be anything else Mr. McCloud?”
“No Colonel Grundy; that will be all.”
“How is Clifford doing these days?”
Taken by surprise that Grundy knew the senior Edwards, Ian answered promptly nonetheless.  “He is missing, sir.  The constables had been inquiring into the matter at the time we departed for the colonies.”
Grundy paused and riveted his eyes on Ian’s.  “Is foul play suspected then?”
“Sir, I don’t know.” he said while thinking and I hope that no foul play is suspected, but if you knew how it was that pervert died and why, you might try to arrest me.
“Well, he has a younger brother who may inherit his share of the bank then if Edwards is never found.”
“I wasn’t aware of that.  Well, I’d best rejoin my co-worker.  He’ll want to dine and see some of the sights.  Will you be attending the dinner and ball on Thursday then?”
“Oh by all means.  It’s General Gage’s wedding anniversary.”
“Ah.  How many years have they been married?”
“Twenty seven.”
“Good for them, and good day, Sir” 
“Good day, Mr. McCloud.”  
That is a far sight more time with a wife than I’ve managed.
His mood turned towards sadness at the recollection of the deaths of both of his wives, so he forced himself to ponder the new information about Edward’s brother in order to take his thoughts elsewhere.  As he made his way he wondered if the brother would want more answers than the Constables would have provided him.  Knowing that Robert Milliken had already moved to ensure that the investigation would appear to be thorough but would find nothing,  he nonetheless turned the events of the evening he had rescued little Aimee from Edwards over in his mind as he made his way back toward the Inn.  If he suspects foul play, will he seek revenge?

Chapter 3
The assistant came to Miles Edwards saying “Mr. Milliken will see you now sir.  Please come with me.”  Edwards followed him through an imposing door to Milliken’s London office, where he stood waiting.  After he introduced himself, Milliken expressed his sympathy concerning the mystery surrounding his brother’s disappearance.  They had a pleasant enough conversation, but Robert sensed that the man was fishing for something and wouldn’t say what it was.  He concluded that the younger Edwards had some sort of concrete evidence or a very firm belief that the whole incident was an act of foul play somehow.
Surprised that Edwards knew about the draft-honoring system that the bank was now involved in, he volunteered that Henri Lafayette of Banque de Lafayette had designed the whole thing.  Edwards seemed interested, so to move the subject of the conversation away from the subject of Edwards’ now dead perverted brother he volunteered some information about the system.  He went on about how lucrative it was for both Lafayette’s banking network and now Edwards & Milliken as well being as they were partners in the venture.  Edwards sat staring out of the window at the drizzling rainy day, and then spoke, saying “So this Lafayette fellow banks in France then?”
“Oh not only France but in the Southern Netherlands, in the Belgian area, Luxembourg, Spain, Portugal, Italy, and even in the Swiss Confederacy.  He has extensive banking partnerships throughout Europe, and is quite influential there.”
“I see.  And you are now starting up a bank in America too?”
Well, aren’t you well informed!  “Why yes.  It’s my own venture, and doesn’t have anything to do with this institution.”
“I’ve heard that.  So who do you have laying the groundwork over there?”
Glad that the conversation had not returned to Edwards’ dead older brother he replied “We have Ian McCloud and James Barrows as our agents in New York City.”
“I see.  You said “we” so I take it you have partners in your endeavor then?”
“Yes.  It is a risk what with hostilities over there between the colonists and the Crown.  We’re going to be quite cautious for a while, but in the long term, we think that the colonies are going to offer great opportunities for banking.”
“I see.”
“I do hope you’re interested in banking, Mr. Edwards.  I’ve been quite busy since your brother disappeared.  I assume that you’ll be coming aboard then to take over your brother’s interests should he not be found then?”
“I’m not sure at this time.  Would you be interested in buying out the Edwards’ share of the bank should he be officially presumed dead?”
Milliken gave a snort, followed by a short laugh.  “Heavens no!  I’m too busy now with what I have on my own plate.”  My proxy agent will buy you out, but it will never be connected to me he thought while studying the man intently the whole time.  Like Henri Lafayette, Robert Milliken maintained an affable and pleasant demeanor and like Henri, he never missed much in studying those whom he was dealing with.  Both men were past masters of that and of appearing all the while to be only politely interested, keeping others feeling at ease while in their presence.
To verify a nagging suspicion he devised a test as they wrapped up their conversation.  Reaching across his desk to once more shake hands with Edwards he appeared to knock over his inkwell with the sleeve of his coat.  Edward’s hand shot out in a blur to catch it and prevent it from spilling.  It was blindingly fast.  Too fast for a human reaction, but Robert’s vampire eyes saw it and he knew then that the younger Edwards was a vampire Adept.
“Oh, how clumsy of me Edwards!  You saved the day there and prevented a big mess.  Thank you sir!”
“Think nothing of it sir.  Good day.”
“Good day to you sir.”  Got you!  So you’re a vampire.  Even better, you don’t know that I am too.  What in hell are you really doing here?  And who mentored you to fall for a trick like that?  As he thought on the subject, he realized that a vampire unknown to him now knew that Ian and James were in New York City, and worse yet, it was the younger brother of the man he himself had killed.  Is he after the killer or does he think Ian killed his brother?  And if so, where did he get that idea?  He resolved to hire a private investigator immediately to learn all about young Edwards.  He would do that today, and would dispatch a coded message to both Henri and to Ian.

Chapter 4
That evening, Ian and James met Andrew and treated him to dinner.  They spoke briefly of what he hoped to trade for while in the colonies and the orders he had yet to fill while in New York.  They bid Andrew a good night and within a half hour, both Ian and James were dressed in dark seamen’s clothing.  In four minutes they had swam the Hudson River and rocketed away to the west.  In around ten minutes they were in the deep woods some ten miles from the shore.  Ian smelled deer and in less than two more minutes they had made a kill and soon they were filling their copper flasks.
He felt better than he could recall feeling since Alandra had died.  Being in the deep woods hunting with James was just what he needed and both of them exulted in both running full out through the darkness and the hunt itself.  It was a relief of sorts to relax their guard and for a short while, just to be the creatures that they truly were, and not have to guard against betraying themselves to humans.  The trip over had been more of a strain on them than they realized what with constantly having to be on their guard, confined with humans on the weeks-long voyage from England.
The pair made their way back to the city, swimming across the Hudson like two porpoises in the moonlight.  Once ashore, they wrung out their clothes and then ran for some three miles in a few minutes just to dry them.  After dropping off their ruck sacks, the night was spent in prowling the streets of New York.  Frequenting every tavern that they could find, they would sit and soak up all of the gossip that they could.  They began to pick up a picture of events in the colonies during this time, and even more importantly they began to get a sense of the attitude of the colonists themselves, as compared to the newspaper articles they had both been reading.
The next day was unremarkable except that they found a boarding house that Ian especially liked.  The place had a very private rear entrance which let out into a narrow alleyway, and it was even covered by an extended portico with climbing roses growing on either side of it.  If others wanted to watch them they would have to be in a place where likely the two could see them.  Ian explained all of this to James before they talked to the owner.  
It was run by an elderly Scottish lady named Bess McKinley, whom they both took a liking too immediately.  The place was neat, clean, and well kept.  She was a no-nonsense person and quite gruff in manner, but Ian could tell that she liked them both.  Her husband was a fisherman and together they made a good living in the bustling new city.  Ian and James arranged to move their belongings from the Harbor Inn to Bessie’s Boarding House that very afternoon.
The balance of the day was spent in various taverns and Inns gathering local gossip and developing a feel for the attitude of the colonists.  The city was divided between sympathizing Tories loyal to the Crown and more independent minded folks, leaning more toward the colonies having more autonomy, and resentful of the onslaught of new taxes.  The newspaper articles concerning the hostilities made it appear as if it was only the work of a small number of malcontents who had duped a small number of ignorant country bumpkins to join them.  Ian knew that was a lie already just from talking to local merchants and others.
After hunting in the New Jersey countryside that evening after dark, they again resumed their tactic of gathering information, splitting up so as to learn more.  As the day before, they stayed out until dawn and then turned their information gathering attention to the dock areas where the fishermen and produce sellers were.  Much of the produce was grown in New Jersey so they got to hear a lot about what folks from that area thought about the current situation between the Crown and the colonies.
They went to see Andrew Norris aboard the New Hope which was now at a dock being unloaded.  By early afternoon they had deposited half of the startup funds for the banks at Grover Merchant’s Bank and the other half at Wellington Bank of Commerce.  They had a little more time for gathering intelligence so they went to the Harbor Inn for some three hours before bathing and dressing for the gala and dinner.
Having picked up Andrew at six-thirty, they made their way to Government House in a carriage.  They didn’t bother to hire the driver to wait for them that night.  After all, what danger could threaten two Adept vampires on the streets of a human city?  They figured to walk Andrew back to the wharf anyway, being as the weather was so nice.
Their wait at the entrance was very brief even though they had no invitations, and soon they were inside, mingling with all of the guests.  General Gage himself spotted them and called “Ian McCloud, come here sir” while beckoning in a friendly fashion.  His wife was with him, her hair coiffed beautifully in a style which Ian had seen in London before departing for the colonies.  She was a small slender lady with warm brown eyes, and wheat colored hair.  Introductions were made all around, and when it was Ian’s turn to be introduced to Mrs. Gage he bowed slightly as he kissed the back of her gloved hand saying “Enchanted Lady Gage.  We congratulate the two of you on your wedding anniversary.”  James stepped forward and was introduced doing exactly as Ian had done, as did Andrew.  Ian then said “We’ve brought you a gift to commemorate this occasion.”  Reaching into his breast pocket he withdrew two flat black felt cases, each with a pearl button to secure it.  Handing them to General Gage and to his wife he smiled warmly.  The two opened the cases and saw the sun glasses, Gage exclaiming “Ian whatever are these?”
“They are sun glasses sir.”
“Why Mr. McCloud, these are just marvelously made.” she said as she put on the ivory framed sun glasses.  She went on “Oh Thomas aren’t these just marvelous?”
“Yes, yes Esther.  My Ian, what fine workmanship!  Thank you so much.  Wherever did you get these?”
“They’re made in France by Lafayette Industries.”
Andrew then spoke up saying “Lady Gage, Ian invented them while he lived there.”
Esther turned to Ian, looking anew at him “No!  Really Mr. McCloud?  Whatever inspired you to think of such a thing?”
“Someone dear to me has a problem with bright sunlight and I had the first pair ever made just for her.”  And she’s a vampire like two of us, but you don’t need to know that!
About that time the guests were all summoned to dine.  As they made their way to the sumptuous banquet table, Lady Gage plied Ian and James with questions as her husband amusedly looked on.  As it turned out, a major who was with General Gage knew Andrew Norris.  He informed the Gages that he knew Norris and the two of them paired off to talk as the group continued to the banquet table.  Each guest group was separated and ushered to their place and the three men were quite a way down the table from General Gage and his wife as it turned out.  They were seated with the Major who knew Andrew and the two were soon engaged in conversation as the other guests were settled.  There were some eighty odd people there as best Ian could tell.
The Anglican Bishop of New York asked everyone to stand as he offered a prayer.  General Gage then bade everyone be seated as wine was brought around to each guest.  After all were served, they waited expectantly.  When Gage stood all stood with him and he offered a toast with the words “God Save the King” to which all responded likewise and drank.  Gage was disturbed by the constant news of colonials rebelling against the Crown and even while artfully talking with the guests nearest him, he pondered what besides the hostilities he might offer for a topic of conversation that evening.  The young Major who was a friend of Captain Andrew Norris came to him and whispered something.
Supper was nearly through when General Gage stood and using his fork he made a pinging noise on the crystal goblet he held.  The conversation died down as he said “Some eight years ago a Scottish trading vessel in the Mediterranean was attacked by two pirate ships.  That crew defeated the pirates in a brilliantly fought battle and as a result, the daughter of the Spanish Ambassador to France was saved from being sold into slavery.  She and a companion had been captured at sea by these same pirates who murdered her aunt, uncle, and the entire crew of their ship.  It has just been brought to my attention that we have with us tonight one of the men who rescued the daughter of the Spanish Ambassador to France from those pirates.  Ian McCloud, would you please stand up for everyone sir?”
Embarrassed, Ian stood uncomfortably to scattered applause as General Gage said “Mr. McCloud, would you do us the honor of relating that story after dinner.  I’m sure that there are more than a few of us who would love to hear your account.”  Ian nodded and sat back down.  Norris leaned over saying “Ian I’m sorry.  I shared your adventure with my friend and it appears that he told Gage.”
“Oh, think nothing of it Andrew.  It’s not as if I haven’t had to tell it before.”
Nearer to General Gage sat Colonel Grundy, and with him sat Colonel Matthew Davis and his daughter Rebecca.  Her attention had shifted to Ian when he stood and she found herself staring at him in fascination even after he sat down.  As the meal drew to a close and dessert had been offered, she was stealing glances his direction as often as she could without being obvious while thinking he looks as if he could be Mediterranean in nationality but for those piercing blue eyes.  My, but he is handsome!  I must dance with him tonight if at all possible.  She sat pondering how to accomplish that without offending Grundy and certainly without herself asking him.  All the while she conversed adroitly with Grundy and her father.
Dinner being at an end, Gage and no small gathering were at one side of the ballroom floor when he caught Ian’s eye and beckoned to him, smiling broadly.  In under a minute Ian was relating the harrowing battle at sea with the pirates that had happened some eight years earlier.  He kept it to a minimal commentary and instead just let whoever was curious to ask questions.  There were nearly as many women as men listening to the story unfold.  Several of the men present allowed as how they’d heard the account and had wondered if it had been only a maritime legend after all.  Andrew then chimed in and mentioned the storm that had hit Ian and his shipmates only five days after the battle so Ian had to relate the story of the storm.  Several men present were naval officers and had heard of the storm because of its unusual ferocity.  All were amazed that Ian and a crew of only eight others had survived the storm and had even had the prize ship restored and sold for a handsome profit.  
The music had started by then so General Gage and his wife took the floor to begin a minuet by themselves as the guests of honor.  It turned out that the entire British military compliment had collaborated to honor the Gages and had all chipped in to pay for the gala.  Grundy waited patiently until Gage beckoned and then with Rebecca, he joined in the minuet with many of the guests.  A few of the naval officers stayed gathered about Ian questioning him about details of the storm and the battle for the duration of two songs.  As the ladies prompted the men to dance then, Ian saw a chance to make a polite escape.  He had noticed a group of young girls gathered nearby, so he walked to the group and deliberately chose the youngest of them, a girl of only twelve years age.  After they had properly introduced each other, she shyly smiled up at him, curtseyed properly, and taking his arm followed him to the dance floor.
Rebecca had followed this with some interest.  All of the single men at the ball had gone directly to seek out attractive single ladies, whereas Ian and his companion had gone to dance with the children.  
Ian danced the minuet with her, conversing politely all the while and complimenting her on her dancing skills.  Soon she was at ease and laughing, having a good time with this dark handsome stranger.  When that dance ended Ian properly escorted her back to her companions, complimenting her on her dancing skills in front of them all and thanking her.  He asked another one to dance as a tune written by Vivaldi began to be played.  By then Andrew had followed Ian and James’ lead and both had asked young girls from the same group of eight to dance.  As Rebecca noticed that her esteem grew for the tall Scot and his companions.
Ian had reasoned that this was the best way to ensure that he did not ruffle any man’s feathers over some lady.  Besides that he thought that the children at least deserved to dance at least once that evening instead of only watching others or dancing with their fathers.  Soon others including boys of that age group had begun to seek dance partners from the group.  After dancing with five of the eight girls there, Ian saw that all were taken for the next dance so he made his way to where he could have a drink of fruit punch.  Liquor had been excluded from the refreshments due to the presence of children at the event.  
He had gotten a glass of punch from the white-gloved attendant when he was approached by Gage himself, accompanied by a ravishing young brunette with large beautiful hazel colored eyes.  Gage introduced her to Ian, saying “Ian, meet Rebecca Davis, daughter of Colonel Harold Davis.  Rebecca, meet Ian McCloud, banker and pirate-killer extraordinaire.”
“Enchanted Miss Davis” Ian said as he bowed in a courtly fashion, kissing the back of her hand.
“Charmed, Mr. McCloud” said Rebecca as she curtsied, flashing Ian a dazzling smile.  “How exciting to meet a man known to be a pirate killer!”
Laughing, Ian said “There were well over thirty of us that were pirate killers that day, Miss Davis.  In fact we had done the same in the South China Sea several months before that as well.”
“Oh my!  You have fought pirates in the seas of China as well?  What took you there, Mr. McCloud?”
“Trade.  I can tell you that it’s not a glamorous vocation.  And banking pays a lot better too.”  She clapped her hands and laughed delightedly.
“Ian, please take this young lady to the dance floor for me.  I have just completed some eight dances now and I need a rest.”
As they made their way to the dance floor, Rebecca said “Mr. McCloud, you hardly look like any banker that I ever saw.”  Ian chuckled and said “Please Miss Davis, do call me Ian.  I was a sailor all of my life before becoming a banker.”
They began to dance then, a minuet but one with some more exacting moves called for.  Ian silently thanked Marie Lafayette for her endless patience in teaching him every method of dance known in Europe.  He performed them flawlessly, and really better than Rebecca.  She was duly impressed and said so.
“Not many do this particular dance well, Ian.  You are quite skilled in dance.”
“Thank you, Miss Davis.  I had a wonderful teacher.”
“Ian, however did you end up going from being a merchant seaman to being a banker?”  Ian told her a carefully constructed story that he had used throughout Europe whenever asked.  Vampires were of course, omitted.  He told of being attacked by a bear while in France and of being nursed back to health by the Lafayettes, where he met Cosette, who he fell in love with and married.
“So you are married after all?” 
He detected the slightest disappointment in her voice, but he related to her the carefully constructed story of Cosette’s death.  There had been a fire around that time in which some children had died in a large building in Arles as Henri had learned some time later.  They had all agreed to pick that incident as the one in which Cosette had died, should any of them ever be asked.  This was only a precaution in the unlikely event that someone might be curious enough to check out the story.  Certainly they couldn’t go about telling people that she died when they raided the home of a Satanist who had seventeen vampires on his payroll.
“I’m sorry to hear that Ian.  So you have remained a bachelor ever since then?”
“No, Miss Davis.  I was married again not two years ago to Alandra Vasquez, the lady who I helped free from the Pirates.  She was killed accidentally less than three months ago.”
Showing genuine concern and sympathy in her large expressive eyes, she then said “Oh, Ian!  I’m so sorry!  I didn’t mean to bring up such a painful thing.  How clumsy and thoughtless of me!”
“Nonsense; how could you have known?”
“Ian, please do call me Rebecca.  I’m embarrassed beyond my ability to say it that I’ve brought up such a thing.  You’re by far the most interesting person I’ve ever met at one of these affairs.  I…  I was only eager to learn more about you.”
“Please Rebecca.  Say no more.”  After saying that, he lapsed into silence and simply danced with her, however he did smile kindly at her from time to time.  As the dance ended they were far across the floor from where her group was, and she turned to him with a sorrowful look on her face.  “Ian, please accept my apology.  I’m so sorry to have caused you grief.”
He turned to her and stood holding both of her hands, a sympathetic but sad look on his face.  “There, there lass.  No grief over this thing now, please.  I…Look…..I…I came to this land to forget those sorrows.  I hoped that by staying busy, I could avoid thinking about it.  You’ve done nothing wrong.  I…look; it has been my delight to dance with you, Rebecca.  Please promise me you will save me a dance the next time we’re at one of these affairs.”  
Oh my!  I want to dance all of this night with this man!  I do love his voice and those eyes, how striking!  He has a way about him…. what is it about him?  She brightened noticeably then and nodded enthusiastically, saying “Oh yes, Ian!  I promise to save you a dance the next time.”  She thought I’d save every dance for you if only you knew it!
Flashing a dazzling smile then he said “I had better be taking you back to your group, lest they think I’ve kidnapped you.”  She thought I might not mind that at all!  Rebecca!  Where did that thought come from?
Ian escorted her to her seat just as Harold Grundy returned with Mrs. Gage.  Grundy tried to conceal his displeasure as best he could and Ian never noticed a thing, but Esther Gage noticed it right away.  The music started again and Harold asked Rebecca to dance, so Ian turned to Mrs. Gage and asked her to dance seeing as General Gage was not to be seen.
She was a good dancer and was skilled in the art of interesting conversation as well.  Ian learned that her husband was disappointed in the way the hostilities were shaping up with the colonists, and worried as well.  After that dance ended, Ian danced two more numbers with wives of two of the naval officers who had been so interested in his story.  He answered questions about his sailing experience and some few about banking.  After that he went to get another glass of punch, joining both James and Andrew.  He finished the evening dancing with the very young ladies of the group where he had started, who were all glad that he and James had returned to dance again with them. 
They departed near to eleven o’clock, walking with Andrew to the loading dock where New Hope was moored and parting company there.  Ian and James were hunting north of the city within the hour and bagged several rabbits.  The balance of the night was spent recalling the events of the evening and comparing notes.  There was no doubt that the accounts given in the newspapers and the reality of the war between the Crown and the colonies were two different things.  Ian was becoming increasingly interested in the struggle.

Chapter 5
Miles Edwards sat reading a detailed report given him by a private investigator just that morning.  He had moved into his missing brother’s estate in North London and had been actively pursuing facts surrounding his brother’s disappearance.  As he pored over the report his brow furrowed in concentration. 
The information fit with what he’d learned at Robert Milliken’s office recently, being as it said one Ian McCloud had gone to America.  The report went on to say that indeed one Henri Lafayette had been in London at the time of his brother’s disappearance, in company with an unknown number of people.  The grisly evidence he’d found at his brother’s home before the Constables had arrived that first day had been a piece of what he was now sure was his brother’s ear.  It looked as if a child had bitten it off and spit it out.  Yet there was no mention of a child in this report.  He absent-mindedly took a sip of rabbit’s blood from a pewter goblet on the table beside the wingback chair he sat in. 
As he pondered this, his butler came in to announce that there were two people who asked to see him.  He nodded and shortly the butler escorted a lovely red-headed woman and a man wearing a silver hook mounted in place of his right hand into the room.  Remaining seated, Edwards merely raised his eyebrows and waited for them to speak.  The man introduced himself as Stefan Devrie and his wife as Yvonne.  Edwards nodded and gestured to the sofa across from his chair.
“What is it you two seek?”
“We have information which might be useful.”
“Do tell.”
“Yes, we know somewhat about a fellow named Henri Lafayette.”
Edwards nodded encouragement so the fellow continued “He’s a banker, and very well connected all over Europe and particularly in France where he enjoys great favor with His Majesty Louis XVI.  We believe that he may have had something to do with the death of Aldric Moreau as well as Emile Francoise.”
“Continue.”
“Arnaud Moreau overheard the names “Ian” and “Henri” mentioned the day after his brother died.  We two were there the night that Emile Francoise died in the fire that consumed his mansion.”
“I know Moreau.  How is it you’ve heard about what he knows concerning those two?”
“We’ve talked with an acquaintance of his in France, Donatien Francoise.  He is also known as the Marquis de Sade.  It was he who told us of this and gave us your name.”
“I see.  Well in any case I know nothing of that incident, so how is this supposed to interest me?”
“Both incidents occurred as a result of kidnappings of children”
Edwards looked narrowly at the two then, thinking of the piece of an ear he had found with what looked like the bite mark of a child where it had been severed.  His interest now piqued, he nodded and said “Go on.”
“We know that your brother is missing.  Do you know of a kidnapping involving a child that might have been connected to your older brother in some way?”
“I might know something relative to that.  What else do you have?”
The man looked disappointed that he wanted still more, yet he was hopeful when he said “Mr. Edwards, we’re quite motivated and are willing to help you search for information regarding this Henri and Ian.”  Edwards only sat looking at the two, feigning disinterest.  Stefan then continued.  “We think that they may also be involved in the death of Emile Francoise and for this as well.”  He held out his right arm, the silver hook glinting in a shaft of sunlight reflected from a vase sitting near an open window.  Edwards shrank back from the reflected sunlight, covering his eyes with a vision-blurring movement.  The two on the sofa looked at each other knowingly, realizing then that Edwards too was a vampire. 
Edwards reached into his pocket and withdrew a small object wrapped in a linen handkerchief.  He spread the cloth on the low table between them and watched them intently.  They looked puzzled, and finally the woman said in a flat voice “That looks like it could be a piece of an ear.”  Her husband turned in his seat and looked at her as Edwards said “I found this the day I discovered that my brother was missing, right out back in the guest house.  Is there anything about it that stands out to you?”
The woman spoke then, again in a flat voice saying “It looks like a very small mouth made that bite, perhaps the mouth of a child.”  She thought my god!  It’s likely that only a vampire child could bite through anything as tough and gristly as a human ear!  What does this mean? 
Edwards nodded slightly, thinking you’re most observant, Yvonne.  Those green eyes don’t miss much.  You might well make a competent investigator.  He said “If you two are so interested in this affair then see if you can learn of any kidnapping that took place around the time when this Henri Lafayette and Ian were here in London.”  He tossed a small bag of gold coins onto the table next to the grisly article.  “Keep me informed and let that include where the two of you are staying.”  Stefan picked up the purse with his hook and handed it to Yvonne.  Edwards continued “If you happen to encounter Moreau, just say that you’re assisting me on this investigation.  He may be able to help you as he seems to agree with the two of you.”
“How is that, Mr. Edwards?”
“He thinks that this pair killed his older brother Aldric while in Austria.”
Stefan sat back then as did Yvonne and looked at each other, nodding.  They both turned to Edwards then and Stefan said “I think that we’ll have a mutually productive relationship, Mr. Edwards.”  Yvonne nodded toward the goblet beside Edwards and then said “And if you’ll pour each of us some of that rabbit’s blood you’re drinking this morning, we vampires shall seal this with a toast.”
Edwards couldn’t conceal the look of total surprise that spread across his features.

Chapter 6
 “Ian, I may have a lead on a building we could buy for the bank.”
“I was going to suggest that we both get busy on that starting today.  What do you have?”
Grinning at Ian, James said “At least one of us was working last night, Ian.  While you were dancing with the lovely Rebecca Davis, I was dancing with Laura Millhouse.  She is the niece of August Millhouse who just died last spring.  It seems that he was building a place to house a mercantile and commodities exchange and had bought up an entire block.  The building is well along towards being finished and the family is going to sell it and return to England.”
Chuckling at James’ joke at his expense he replied “We should see it today.”
“Agreed.  If you have nothing else we should do, let’s go look at it this morning.”
About then Mrs. McKinley came in with a platter loaded down with scrambled eggs, hashed potatoes, and slab bacon, fried until it was crispy golden brown.  “This is the first time you’ve eaten here since you rented a room.  At this rate I’ll make a good profit from the two of you.  Whenever do you young men ever sleep?”  Ian thought if only you knew…..
“Mrs. McKinley we’re just too eager to see all of New York City.  There’s so much to take in and we were confined aboard ship so long coming here that we are working that off it seems” said James with a smile.  Ian chimed in saying “If James here had not just this day told me of a business opportunity I should be sleeping until lunch time.  You run a fine establishment Ma’am, and we’re well pleased to be staying here.”
She beamed her pleasure at the compliments from the two handsome young men as she hustled off toward another table.
Within two hours they were sitting in the parlor of the Millhouse mansion not a mile from the New York Mercantile Exchange Building under construction.  When the butler ushered them into the opulent parlor, the widow Millhouse, her sister and niece were all present.  The young lady beamed a radiant smile at James and he at her as he performed introductions.  After giving their condolences on the untimely death of her husband, Ian presented her with an offer for the entire property including the building and the entire block of lots on it which had two buildings now rented.  “Take all the time you need and do consult your attorney Ma’am” he said with a friendly smile.
“That’s not nearly what we hoped to get for it Mr. McCloud, but property prices have plummeted since the outbreak of hostilities in the colonies these past few years.”
“Indeed they have, Ma’am.”  
She thought aren’t you the well informed one even if you did just arrive here.  Then she said “There’s no need for me to consult with my attorney since he predicted that what you offered would be as good as I could hope for.  It’s only a little under what we paid for it some eight years ago.  I accept your offer and we can go to my bank today and do all of the paperwork and have it duly witnessed.”
“That would be Merchants?”
“Yes.”
Laura approached and said “Aunt Thelma, may I invite these two gentlemen to my birthday celebration?”
“Why yes child.”  She turned to the two and said “It’s tomorrow at 7 PM and dinner will be served.  Please do come.”
Ian looked at James who was smiling broadly at Laura, and then he turned back to the widow Millhouse with a chuckle saying “It seems that it would be our pleasure Ma’am.  Shall we meet you at Merchants later then?”
Whatever for?  We’ll all go there together now.  I’ll have the carriage brought around shortly.  Please wait here, gentlemen.”
Within some thirty minutes or so they arrived at Grover Merchants’ Bank and concluded their business within the hour.  Milliken Merchants’ Bank of New York now had an official address and Ian had an appointment for later that day to speak with the contractor who was building it.  By evening, he’d looked at all of the drawings and had conferred with the contractor showing him the needed modifications and reaching an agreed upon price for the deviation from the original plan.
He patiently explained to James later that this would become a nerve center for private communications of the banking network of the Milliken’s and Lafayettes in the new world.  That was the reason for buying the whole block of lots and buildings instead of only the site and building itself.  The bank would always control the entire block down to who leased space there and would always have ingress and egress privately through the back, exclusively for the bank itself and its couriers and officials.  James readily saw the reason and the wisdom in that and was only too pleased to be learning from Ian.  Ian had seen it first hand when he appeared to testify at the Supreme Council headquarters in Liechtenstein and again at the Banque de Lafayette in Paris.  It offered far better security in an urban setting when done this way.  Henri and Robert would be pleased.
That night the two dined with Andrew Norris aboard New Hope.  Ian and James gave him letters posted for Robert and for Henri regarding the purchase of the building and where they were now living.  A detailed economic forecast was included.  Encoded within that forecast was information to the effect that the hostilities in America between the Crown and the colonists was worse than reported and that the supreme commander in charge of all British forces in America was himself quite worried for the long term about the direction things were going.  The war was spreading to the southern colonies as well.  The events at Concord and Lexington Massachusetts were listed along with Ian’s personal observation of seeing Hessian mercenaries and that a formal state of war existed.  It was now a situation with increasingly popular support amongst the citizens of the colonies themselves.  
Ian used the code taught to him and James while they were together in London before Alandra died.  It was a code whose key was the date itself, and was very difficult for a human to even use, let alone detect.  He also enclosed a personal letter for Marie and Henri as well as a general one for the family members and a special letter just for little Aimee.  Included was a letter for his human family in Scotland and he left it all for Andrew to deliver to Robert Milliken in London upon his return voyage.  
They hunted across the East River on Long Island and got to stretch their legs that night.  Visiting six more taverns later, they listened in on the scuttlebutt regarding news of the war.  The most popular tavern was a place called The Green Dragon Tavern and Inn.  It was frequented by Tory loyalists which was quite evident from the conversations the two could hear while they were there.
The next day after checking on progress of the new bank building, Ian happened upon a small public area called Grover Square.  In the center of it was a rather tall pole with a gilt vane at its top.  The single word ‘Liberty’ was easily readable on that vane.  Asking a passerby what it meant, Ian learned that this one was the eleventh such that the Sons of Liberty had erected in New York City in some nine years.  He was told that they were commonly seen in Boston and Philadelphia as well as many other towns in the Colonies.  The British didn’t like them and periodically tore them down in due time.  Ian took it to mean that the idea of liberty from English rule was now an idea that wouldn’t die no matter what the British did.  He pondered on that for much of the day.
That evening he and James arrived promptly at 7 o’clock at the Millhouse mansion for the birthday celebration for Laura Millhouse.  The white-gloved butler who answered the door showed the two into the foyer where the widow Thelma Millhouse, Merriam her sister, and Merriam’s daughter Laura greeted them with smiles.  Both Ian and James handed gift-wrapped packages to Laura who smiled and blushed prettily as she curtseyed a second time, thanking the two.  Ian could not miss the look she gave to James nor his especially broad smile to her.  Thelma and Merriam each flanked Ian and put their arms through his, leading him into the cavernous parlor while Laura and James followed.  Ian let his gaze travel about the opulently furnished room as they approached the area where the guests were seated.  He thought now here is a home that Henri and Marie would love.  It is big enough for all of us and the Millhouse family will sell it if they are returning to England.  He stopped and turned to Thelma to ask about that when a young lady who had just entered the room came to them. 
“Ian.  What a pleasant surprise.”
Ian turned to see Rebecca Davis approaching with a dazzling smile on her lovely face.  He smiled broadly and stepped forward to take her hand saying “Hello again, Rebecca.”  Bowing slightly as he kissed it he then said “Once again I am enchanted.”  As he moved to one side to include Laura and James his eyes traveled to the seated group and encountered the steely stare of Colonel Grundy.  Ian smiled and nodded towards Grundy who gave a nod and a thin smile in return.  Ian easily noticed that the smile did not include his eyes and wondered at that just as Rebecca put her arm through his and led him to the group for introductions.
The group numbered around two dozen of which half of them were friends and peers of Laura, of hers and Rebecca’s approximate age.  There were two British Army lieutenants and two Navy ensigns as well, all young men besides Colonel Grundy who Ian estimated to be around thirty years old.  The two naval men immediately engaged Ian in conversation, having heard of the story of when he had been in the party that had defeated two pirate ships in the Mediterranean some eight years earlier.  They plied him with questions as Rebecca stood by smiling.  A servant rang a brass bell and Thelma announced that dinner was served.  The guests rose and began to drift toward the dining hall.
Thelma came then and asked Rebecca to help her with something that was a surprise for Laura.  She reluctantly left Ian’s side to go with Thelma then as the group now clustered around Ian had grown to include four women of Laura’s age and two more young men.  Merriam Millhouse then came to Ian and linked her arm through his, leading him to a seat at the great dining table.  He was seated next to James, who was next to Laura, at the head of the table.  When Rebecca returned from helping Thelma, she found that she was seated on the same side of the table as Ian and James, but down at the other end, next to Colonel Grundy.  Unknown to anyone there, Merriam and Thelma had maneuvered in such a way as to separate Rebecca from Ian and seat her with Grundy.  They had done it correctly and innocently enough, being as Grundy had escorted Rebecca to the affair.
Thelma stood at the head of the table opposite Laura at the other end, and proposed a toast to the King, which all stood and partook of.  Dinner was marvelous, being four large roast turkeys and a mouth-watering assortment of steamed and baked vegetables.  The time passed pleasantly enough, although with no small amount of talk about the war.  After dessert, the entire group returned to the parlor where all of the gifts were waiting for Laura to open.  That took the better part of forty minutes or so, and Laura was very pleased with the ivory framed sun glasses that Ian had given her.  James had given her a finely crafted brooch.
Music began then, there being a trio who played violin, oboe, and bassoon.  A Bach melody was begun and Laura turned to James with a dazzling smile and a curtsey, asking him to do the beginning dance with her.  This being her birthday, it was an occasion where it was not thought to be rude for a lady to ask a man for a dance.  Soon others joined, including Grundy and Rebecca.  The young men all asked ladies their age to dance, but Ian walked over to a girl around nine years old and bowed, asking her to dance with him.  She blushed and curtseyed, taking his arm as they entered the dancing group.  It wasn’t too long before Ian had completely put the youngster at ease and she began to relax and have a truly good time.  She did make a couple of minor blunders but Ian countered with four of his own, laughing aloud as he made a misstep now and then.  
Rebecca noticed all of this and her esteem for Ian grew.  She knew full well that nearly any of the young ladies there would have loved to have danced with him, and yet he had thought of the children first.  And she knew full well that there was no way that he would ever make a misstep on a dance floor unless he intended to.  When that number had ended Ian asked a girl of thirteen years for the next dance and took the floor with her.
The dancing had gone on for well over an hour before everyone took a break for refreshments.  Ian joined the younger girls at the punch bowl, taking over for the servant who then left to help in the kitchen.  The really young girls stayed there talking to him and asking questions about living in France and of his time as a sailor.  When Thelma came by, Ian spoke to her briefly and she smiled brightly and nodded.  After talking to the musicians, she brought a violin over to Ian and led him to where the group was centered.  Taking her summoning bell she rang it until the buzz of conversation died down.
“Laura, Mr. McCloud has volunteered to play a special birthday song for you.  James won’t you and Laura please come here?”
Ian stepped forward then saying “This is a tune I wrote once for a lady in the Swiss Confederation.  James, you know this song as ‘Dance with Anna’.  Won’t you please show Laura how to dance to it before I start?”
Thelma then said “Come, come you young ladies.  Get a partner and come here now.”  Several did, and Rebecca Davis tried to bring Colonel Grundy but he was speaking to some of the officers and declined so she came over to watch by herself.  After James had shown the simple steps of the dance to several of the ladies, Ian struck up the lively tune, playing a complete stanza before launching into the lyrics.
“A friend said lad are ye goin to the dance,
I said I would if I got half a chance,
He said you won’t find romance,
Until you dance with Laura.”
Ian continued with the song, which told a story of a young man who fell in love with Laura and ended up married with 4 children and twelve grandchildren.  It was a long lasting but rollicking good tune with a heart-pounding rhythm and a real story to be told in the lyrics.  In no time the younger ladies were laughing and whirling to the lively Gaelic sound, smiling and laughing as they learned while they danced.  Those not dancing clapped their hands and stamped their feet to keep time to the lively tune.  Rebecca had joined in, finally snagging a partner when Grundy would not join her. 
When the song ended, he segued into another lively Gaelic tune with no lyrics, but exactly the same tempo as before, so the dancers continued, now well into the simple steps and laughing as they danced.  Rebecca’s eyes sparkled as she threw herself into it and the entire house resounded to the laughter and the pounding rhythm of the song.  The servants had all come to see what all of the ruckus was about and stood about stamping their feet and clapping as well.
Finally with a grand flourish Ian ended the song to a tumultuous applause from all present with the lone exception of Colonel Grundy.  Rebecca came over to join the throng laughing and thanking Ian and said “Ian, where did you ever learn to play like that?  It was simply marvelous and so much fun!”  This was echoed by several people then, both young men and young women.
“Well lassie, we used to play a lot of music like that at Henri and Marie Lafayette’s home of an evening.  I took up playing the fiddle in those days.”
James said “He taught me to play too, and he plays both the piano and the harpsichord as well.”
Laura clapped her hands together then and said “Oh Ian, you must play something for us on the harpsichord now!  Please!”  Several of the young ladies then echoed the ‘please’ so Ian laughingly looked toward Thelma only to see her nodding and smiling broadly so he got up and handed James the violin.  Before sitting down he called to James and conferred with him briefly.  James turned to everyone and said “This is a favorite that Ian taught me on the voyage to New York.  It is known as ‘Greensleeves’.  He began then, and Ian joined in accompanying him with a flourishing style.  It was a hauntingly beautiful ballad, and the two played it with exquisite skill.  Presently Rebecca stepped forward and began to sing the lyrics, much to everyone’s surprise.  The trio captivated everyone there as the beautiful melody was sung and played to its conclusion.  Rebecca had a clear alto voice and sung the ballad to perfection.
There was a hearty round of applause then, this time even including Colonel Grundy.  Ian stood then, joining James and Rebecca.  He encircled both of their waists with his two arms.  All three of them smiled and nodded towards the smiling applauding group and towards Thelma Millhouse, who was beaming with delight.  Rebecca felt a tingling thrill at Ian’s touch however casual and innocent it was and savored the slight warmth of his arm about her waist.  Laura came to Rebecca and threw her arms around her thanking her.  Then she threw her arms about James’ neck and kissed him on his cheek, and also came to Ian and kissed him likewise, saying “Thank you so much Ian.  This has been the best birthday of my life.”
The musicians then began to play a Bach melody.  Grundy asked Rebecca to dance as James asked Laura.  Others made their way to the dance floor so Ian asked the nine year old girl to dance with him again and she smiled broadly, her eyes sparkling as she accepted.  Several of the young girls there giggled at her reaction.
A bit later, after dancing with both Thelma and her sister, Ian found himself near where Rebecca and Colonel Grundy were standing with a small knot of British officers and their ladies.  Ian approached and asked Rebecca for a dance which she accepted with a dazzling smile.  As the dance proceeded Ian complimented Rebecca on her singing.
“My grandmother on my mother’s side taught me the song.  She was Scottish, from Inverness.  Didn’t you say you were from Edinburg?”
“Aye lassie.  Let me say that you sang it well indeed.  Your voice reminds me of how my first wife sang.  Cosette was an alto too.  I have not heard anyone sing better excepting for Celeste Bouchard.”
She brightened and excitedly said “You have heard the Celeste sing, Ian?”
Chuckling Ian said “Ah lassie, I have heard Celeste sing more times than I can count.  She is one of my dearest friends.”
“Oh, do tell Ian, please!  We are talking about the European Nightingale are we not?”
Laughing at her enthusiasm he nodded and said “I toured with her to seven other countries besides France.  She often sang for us at Chateau de Lafayette near Marseille.”
“Oh my!  This is so exciting, Ian!  How did you come to know her?”
Chuckling at her near-childish enthusiasm he replied “She was taken as a child of twelve years, an orphan really, kidnapped off of the streets of Marseille.  I took some friends and we rescued her along with four other girls from two kidnappers in Marseille.  She lived with us at Chateau de Lafayette for a while until we found her Aunt who then raised her in Paris.  In fact she attended my wedding when Cosette and I were married.”
“My, what a tale!  How exciting, Ian!  I take it the kidnappers were punished?”
“Hmm.  Yes they were.”  We killed those vampires on the spot but you do not need to know that he thought.  He continued then, saying “Celeste is like a daughter to me.  I was there when she married Cosette’s brother and when she gave birth to her daughter as well.”
“Ian, just how old are you anyway.  You do not look old enough to have done all of these things.”
Smiling he replied “I am thirty one, Rebecca” as he thought but being a vampire I am forever going to look like I am twenty three.
Her mouth dropped open causing him to laugh aloud as she said “I took you to be James’ age, or a bit older.”
“James is twenty.”  He told the lie smoothly, thinking that there was no need to put James to where he would have to change his identity any sooner than necessary.  James was actually thirty one also, having crossed over some eleven years ago at the age of around twenty.
“I just cannot believe that you are so much older than James” she said, her eyes sparkling as she laughed delightedly.  She thought look at me hanging on his every word!  He is so delightful to talk with, and I simply love his Scottish accent and the sound of his voice.  What is it about this man that captivates me so?
“Ah lass, it is said that living in the Mediterranean area can keep some people looking younger than they are.”  And there’s no way that you will ever know why I still look like I’m twenty three he thought.  The music ended about then and Rebecca stood gaping at Ian as he offered his arm to walk her to her seat.  She was shaking her head and laughing at the same time as they rejoined Grundy and the others.  Grundy stood unnoticed, a sour expression on his face.  As quickly as they rejoined her group she began to tell everyone that Ian knew the European Nightingale personally, and that provoked a flurry of conversation because Celeste was known internationally, even in America by some.  
For some twenty minutes then Ian had to field questions about Celeste and his touring Europe with her.  The celebration then tapered down and guests began to leave.  Ian said goodbye to his hostess and both Laura and her mother.  He knew that James wanted to stay awhile and visit with Laura so he quietly departed.

Chapter 7
The merchantman Elsie’s Cloud plowed through moderately heavy seas in the north Atlantic.  A three-mast galleon, she moved through the sea exactly as she had been designed to do.  The rain had quit during the night and they were now one week out on their voyage to New York City.  Angus McCloud stood at the helm, wearing his black wool seaman’s coat buttoned securely, its collar pulled up against the wind over his right shoulder.  Lost in thought, he gauged the sails and the effect of the northeasterly winds on their progress pretty much automatically, a skill born of a lifetime of sailing experience.
A lovely lady came up the steep steps leading to the aft deck, her honey-colored hair blowing wildly in the wind.  She carried a steaming mug of coffee and didn’t even use the handrail for balance although the ship rolled rhythmically.  This was the second day that he had seen her without her wide-brimmed hat and gloves.  The sky was solidly overcast without a single break in sight, just as it had been yesterday.
“Good morning, Angus” she said with a cheery smile as she handed him the steaming oversize mug of coffee.  She took the helm as he stepped back, noting the compass heading.  
He took a sip then, looking into her widely spaced beautiful gray eyes.  “Aahh!  That hits the spot, Cosette.  Thank you.”
“You’re welcome.  Two nine zero then?”
“Yes.  That should do for most of the day.  Armando thinks we’ll make really good time today and I do too.”  She nodded, her eyes fixed on the horizon as the two swayed in perfect unison to the pitch and roll of the ship.  Angus thought never have I seen a lady take to the sea like this one.  She has no fear of it whatsoever, and I have yet to ever see her grab something to keep her balance.  But then, she’s a vampire after all.  “Have there been any problems with the goats?”  He referred to the five goats that had been brought along to supply blood for her transatlantic voyage.
“None.  They seem to get enough daylight and exercise thanks to the way you modified the ship.”  She turned to him then saying “I only nourish myself every other day, and that seems to be working well.  By me doing all of the care and feeding, they’ve come to know me well.”  In fact, she took each of the five on deck for an hour every day that the weather allowed and walked about the deck with them.  She was always prompt to clean up after their mess so that none of the crew had to be bothered with it.  It worked well enough being as there was not a lot to do to fill the hours anyway, and it ensured that the animals would remain healthy for the duration of the voyage.  Angus was amused to note that already the goats would follow her about like puppies when on deck.  She never bothered with lead or halter any more, and even had learned to operate the boom-mounted cargo windlass to lift them from and return them to the hold.
A young man came up the steps to the aft deck and walked toward the two, smiling broadly.  He had a shock of dark wavy hair and piercing blue eyes that twinkled when he laughed.  Cosette thought at twenty he looks nearly like Ian and is nearly as tall too.  
Angus said “Well Stuart, do you think you’re up to finding your brother when we arrive?  New York is a big place and there’ll be a lot of distractions.”
“How many banks can there be Uncle Angus.  Cosette and I will find him, never fear.  If we don’t find him the first day I’ll be surprised.”
Laughing at his enthusiasm Angus said “We have to find New York first lad.  I want you to be sure to stay with Armando when he takes readings later today.  You are to learn everything there is to know about navigation in the coming weeks of this voyage.”
“I will want to be in on that myself” said Cosette with a smile.
“Ian never taught you?”
“No.  We only sailed together across the North Sea once and across the Channel once.  I’ve wanted to learn for some time now.”
“I’ve no doubt that you’ll learn quickly then.”
“Aye Cosette.  You vampires are quick learners.”
Tossing her head slightly Cosette laughed and said “If not for all of the humans aboard this ship, I should like to learn how to work in the rigging with the sails and such.  You’ve taught me every knot that a sailor uses.”
The two men laughed heartily at that.  Angus said “Oh my yes!  I can just see that.  I wonder what my crew would think to see you climb that rigging five times faster than any man could!”
“Aye Uncle Angus, or better yet just leap to the top of one of the masts from the deck!”
The three laughed heartily then at that thought as Elsie’s Cloud plowed through the endless sea.

Chapter 8
Ian read the invitation aloud to James at the breakfast table at Bessie’s Boarding House. 
“Well Ian, it seems we are becoming fixtures at events hosted by higher society in New York.  Another gala at Government House no less and it’s to be tonight.”
“Hmmm.  It’s touted as a celebration of the victory of the Crown over the rebels at Lexington and Concord in April.  They never did seize the arsenal they went to get, but they succeeded in starting a war.”
“Yes.  Don’t  you think it is premature for the British to celebrate this early?”
“Yes.  The colonists took Fort Ticonderoga as we heard from a fur trader just last night.  I wonder if the high command is trying to do this to negate the effect of the colonists taking Ticonderoga.”
“Maybe it’s designed to distract the public from that and be a morale booster to the rich Tories in New York.  Are we still attending church today then?”
“Oh yes James.  It would never do for two bankers expecting to start up a bank to ignore attending church.  We’ll go again to the Anglican Church of New York this morning.  It may be that you will see Laura there” he said with a wink.
“Hah!  If we don’t see Rebecca mooning at you today I’ll be surprised indeed.”
Ian chuckled and said “If she comes at all, she’ll be with Colonel Grundy.  I want no trouble with a senior staff member of His Majesty’s forces in America over some lady.  That’s no way to start up a bank my friend.”
“Well from where I sit, someone had better tell her that” said James as he laughed heartily at his own joke.  Mrs. McKinley came in with her usual heaping platter of breakfast goodies saying “This is only the second meal I’ve served to the two of you since you came here.  Wherever do you eat?”
Ian thought wouldn’t you like to know!  And if we told you then what?  He looked at James and they both laughed heartily, each knowing exactly what the other was thinking.
At the church Ian and James both sat with the Millhouses, James sitting next to Laura herself.  After the conclusion of the services, they all queued up at the door to shake hands with the Bishop as they left.  As they spoke with him outside on the steps, Ian heard his name called.  Turning he saw Rebecca Davis coming toward him with another young lady.  She was smiling radiantly.
“Hello James.  Hello Ian.  I’m so glad you came today.”  She came to Laura and hugged her and her mother and aunt.  Turning to Ian she smiled dazzlingly, saying “Are you going to the Gala tonight?”
“Why yes.  James and I both received invitations only yesterday.”
“Oh, marvelous!  Ian I’m in a quandary.  I thought that perhaps Colonel Grundy was going to escort me, but he’s been sent to New Jersey by General Gage and no one knows when he will return.  I do so want to go and Papa is away.  Would you be so kind as to take me?”  The two older ladies and the bishop all looked at each other in astonishment at her audacity.
Even as he smiled Ian thought Good night!  I can’t refuse in front of these people after saying I would attend.  And Grundy is sure to hear of this!  “Why Lady Rebecca, it would be my pleasure indeed.  When shall I come for you then?”
“Oh please come at six o’clock, Ian.”
He thought that’s an hour before it starts, but that can’t make it any worse for me.  He smiled even more brilliantly as he said “Six o’clock it is then, Lady Rebecca.  I do look forward to it.”  He then took her hand and raised it to his lips, merely brushing the back of it.  An electrical thrill passed through Rebecca at that moment and her eyes sparkled.
“Then I shall see you at six, at our house.”
“You shall indeed” he said with a bow and then he turned to James and said “I’m going to the bank to check on the progress the workers made yesterday.  I’ll be there with the contractor for some time if you need me.  Otherwise I’ll see you back at Bessies’ later this afternoon.”  Turning back to the ladies he gave a slight bow and said “Until tonight ladies.”  Donning his black tri-corner hat he briskly walked away.
Rebecca was a bit disappointed, hoping to have him over to eat lunch at their house, but she was excited at the prospect of the evening ahead.  Laura took her aside and they walked some fifty feet away from the church entrance.  She turned to her and said “Are you as happy as you look right now?”
“Oh my Laura, yes I am!  I am tingling even now.  I did so want to have him over for lunch too though.  I didn’t know how to stop him from leaving.  I do hope I wasn’t too obvious!”
Laura laughed at her friend then, saying “Oh never.  You were as subtle as any mare in heat” as she began to laugh.
“Oh Laura!  Shame on you!  And in front of the church no less.  You talk like a hussy and here it is Sunday morning!”
By now Laura was laughing uncontrollably as she replied “I talk like a hussy?  Indeed?”  She then lowered her voice to simulate her friend, tossed her hair back a bit and said mockingly “Oh marvelous!  I am in such a quandary!  Oh Ian please do take me.  Please take me to the ball!”  Rebecca’s mouth dropped open and seeing that, Laura pointed at her as she shrieked in laughter.  Then Rebecca joined in laughing loud and raucously with her friend as the others looked on in disbelief.

Chapter 9
The modifications had been done nearly exactly as Ian had specified.  Minor corrections that were needed were pointed out by Ian and noted by the contractor who also mentioned that the architect of the building was coming to New York City to meet with the new owners.  Ian thanked him for meeting him on a Sunday and the contractor departed.  Walking about the structure, Ian was well pleased with the results to date.  He departed to meet James at the boarding house then.
The two split up, Ian going to the Davis house to pick up Rebecca.  He easily found the place, a spacious two story brick home in a really nice neighborhood, but not nearly as big or opulent as the Millhouse mansion.  The knock at the door was immediately answered by Rebecca herself.  She was beautifully attired and Ian complimented her as he formally bowed slightly and kissed her hand.  She flushed slightly and drew him into the foyer.  A middle aged man in the uniform of a British officer came into the foyer and Rebecca introduced Ian to her father.  Ian thought so much for your father being away this evening, Rebecca.
Colonel Davis was of medium height and weight with sandy colored hair and keen hazel colored eyes.  He invited Ian into the parlor to chat while Rebecca served both of them tea.  
They conversed a while then, Colonel Davis asking about how Ian was progressing toward establishing the bank, and somewhat about the fight he had with the pirates some years ago.  Ian asked him about his career as an officer in His Majesty’s Army, and where they had lived before coming here.
Rebecca served tea and mentioned that Ian had sailed to China and had been in Africa as well.  A pleasant half hour passed quickly.  Ian found him to be likeable and seemingly a trustworthy sort, not given to pompousness.  He sensed that the man possessed integrity and he doted on his daughter, even while providing her the needed guidance due a young lady of twenty years.  He idly wondered why she was not now married at that age.  There was likely to be no shortage of suitors for such a lovely young lady. 
They departed together for Government House in a hired carriage, passing by the new location for the bank.  Colonel Davis wanted to go in and look about for a bit so Ian showed them around the place and indicated where his office and James’ office were going to be.  Shortly after that they arrived at Government House and soon were mingling with all of the guests.
General Gage spotted them and gave all three a warm greeting.  When it came time to be seated for the banquet, Gage had made arrangements for the three to be seated near him at the head of the table.  The Anglican Bishop of New York gave the blessing and following that Gage led everyone in the traditional toast with everyone saying ‘God save the King’.  The banquet was officially begun.  Gage bid everyone to be seated and then he said “This gala is to celebrate our past victory at Lexington-Concord and also at Breed’s Hill in Boston.  A toast then, to the loyal soldiers of His Majesty’s armed forces of the Colonies who fight so bravely against those who would rebel against their lawful king.”  The guests raised their goblets and several said “hear-hear!” as they drank.  Gage sat down and the servers brought the food and soon enough all were eating.
Ian thought about the gala then, celebrating a victory which had happened in the springtime and another one that had happened maybe two months ago.  Gage must be worried in spite of the two victories.  Likely he knows that the colonists will take all of the artillery from Ticonderoga and use them against them somewhere.  He is more concerned about this war than he lets on and rightfully so, with the rebels scattered everywhere and controlling nearly all of the land mass of the colonies.
He spotted James with Laura and noted how happy the two were about the time they saw him and smiled, nodding at both him and Rebecca.  “Ian, I’ve never seen Laura this happy.  She really seems taken with James.”
“He’s a fine man, and he seems to feel the same way about her as best I can tell.”  And I wonder where that will go, he being a vampire and her being human? he thought.  The meal passed pleasantly enough with Gage asking Ian about things he had seen while in China.  After a little over an hour, the guests were encouraged to go to the dance hall where the music of Bach could already be heard.
Ian immediately asked Rebecca to dance, hoping to dodge yet another request from some guest for a re-telling of his battle against the pirates or of weathering the storm that followed.  He genuinely liked her and appreciated her finer qualities, sensing an innate fairness and compassion.  She was no empty-headed debutante and that weighed heavily in her favor in his eyes.  But other than a charming companion to a social event, he had no designs concerning her.  In fact he still hoped that Colonel Grundy wouldn’t become too incensed at him taking her to the gala.
As they made their way to the dance floor, Rebecca apologized for lying to him concerning her father not being able to accompany her.  “Ian, I so wanted to be with you this evening that I lied to you about Papa not being able to bring me.  Thank you for not telling him what I did.  Will you please forgive me?”
“I don’t know whether to be flattered or offended, Rebecca” he said with a warm smile even as he wondered again if this evening might not be a mistake.
They had completed four dances uninterrupted and Rebecca was thrilled.  She felt that she could dance all night with this man and they talked easily.  Ian was coming to really like her and to appreciate her even more as the evening progressed.  A break came and the two made their way to where General Gage and several ranking naval and army officers were gathered.  There were four bankers there and several wealthy merchants too.  Some were alone and some had their wives present.  Gage beckoned to the two and as they approached the group he took her hand and kissed the back of it while he laughingly said “Rebecca, I thought that you might keep Ian out there on the dance floor all evening long.”
She curtseyed to him and then laughing also, she said “If the music hadn’t stopped I’d have him out there yet, sir.”
“May we borrow him for a bit, Rebecca?  I promise that he’ll still be fit to dance in a quarter hour.”  She smiled and curtseyed once again, saying “I’ll hold you to that sir” as several of the group laughed heartily.
“I’m going to find Laura, Ian.  I shall return in a quarter hour” she said while looking directly at General Gage with a smile.  As she departed Gage said “We’ve been having a discussion about the economy of the colonies and we wanted to have your input, Ian.”
“I see.  Well, for those of you who don’t know it, I haven’t been here in the colonies for very long.”
“Be that as it may Mr. McCloud, do give us your view as a banker.”
 Smiling broadly then Ian said “Very well, but you might not like some of my views.”
“Oh, go ahead, Ian.  We all know that you’re a newcomer.”
“Very well then.  I have come to some conclusions regarding the economy based on more than what I have seen just while here.  It’s my view that the problems here are rooted in the wars that Britain was engaged in over a decade past.”
“How so?”
“The debt that the Crown incurred; look, we all can agree that the war is affecting the economy, and mostly negatively for the average colonist.  I know that it’s far too late now, but it seems to me that if the King had allowed each colony to have a representative in the House of Commons maybe some ten years ago, we might not be having this conversation.”
Adam Wellington, owner of Wellington Bank of Commerce spoke then.  “Now see here Mr. McCloud, several upstarts demanded that thing long ago and his Majesty decided against it.  What good would it have done until now, sir?”
“Well for one thing, it would make the colonists feel as if they were a part of the mother country instead of a conquered territory.”
“What?  Who cares what the average colonist thinks?  They owe allegiance to our sovereign King George III.  That’s all that they need to know.”
“Hear-hear!” was heard from several men then.
“Gentlemen if you’ll permit me I’ll explain further.”
Gage spoke then, “Pray tell please do, Ian.”
“The colonies suffer a grave trade deficit.  They literally have too little money to engage in expansion of their trades and enterprises.  This is aggravated by forcing many to quarter His Majesty’s forces in their homes and other buildings in Boston and elsewhere.  There are also several economic sanctions that have crippled commerce.  If they had representatives, those representatives would be taking at least a share of the blame right now instead of a distant parliament taking it all.”
It was dead silent then and only the background buzz of conversations and music drifting in from the ball room was heard.  Then Wellington spoke again “Why they would vote counter to what His Majesty wants, Mr. McCloud!”
“Why have a parliament at all if they can’t vote their conscience?  Besides that, wouldn’t they be outvoted by the sheer numbers of Tories in parliament itself, sir?  And there’s another thing that could have been done before blood was shed:  Other nations could have been encouraged to trade here instead of being shut out.”
“Preposterous sir!  It is only right that the merchants and suppliers of England have exclusive access to North America.”
Really?  What if a tariff was levied on all nations excepting for England herself?  The King would then have a steady flow of revenue from foreign sources instead of levying heavier taxes on loyal English colonists.  That could be used against the debt incurred by the Crown in the Seven Years War, and this crippling trade imbalance wouldn’t exist.  The colonies wouldn’t have such a severe shortage of money and therefore would be far less likely to revolt.”
Again it was dead quiet for a time excepting for the music and background buzz of conversation.
General Gage raised his eyebrows and said “I say Ian; I’ve never heard such an idea.  But it makes some sense nonetheless.  But I’m only a simple soldier, and no economist.  What say you merchants and bankers to this?”
“Why the very idea is idiotic.  Last year they had an illegal gathering and have tried to impose a refusal of trade with Britain.” said Wellington, and that was echoed by several Tory loyalist/merchants.
“What would you do if felt that your back was to the wall as many colonists do today?  Does the British Constitution not say that all subjects of His Majesty are entitled to representation in Parliament?”
“What?  That’s preposterous!  These are colonies, man, not counties in England.”
“Does the British constitution itself not include all British subjects when it guarantees representation?”
“What?  Why it means what His Majesty says it means, and that’s that.”
Really?  Then why have a constitution or parliament at all if the constitution doesn’t mean what it says?  What of the Magna Carta?  Shall we tear it up and go back to the divine right of kings?  The day I arrived, I saw one ship with Hessian regulars standing on deck in plain view.  How many have come here that I didn’t see?  What must that be costing the Crown?  And who will pay for it?  Shall the Crown impose further taxes against these colonists to hire foreign mercenaries?”
“Why not?”  If the king sees fit, then the colonists should pay more.  This is all for their benefit anyway.”
“Sir, do ye recall in the Bible, in the Book of Kings how that King Solomon’s son tried to raise taxes after the elders of Israel came peaceably to him for relief?  That single act caused the nation of Israel to split.”
“So?”
“Are we not seeing a replay of biblical history here in North America today?”
“That is seditious sir.”
“No sir.  That is biblical history and that’s exactly what is being repeated here.  The colonists started peaceably trying to redress grievances against the crown a decade past, and have been treated like a conquered people instead of loyal, law abiding subjects to His Majesty.”
“They deserve to be treated like rebels.”
Continuing in his moderate tone, Ian said “Don’t forget that these colonists fought side by side with British regulars against the French and Indians.  Then they were treated as hostile rebels by the very government that had begged them to help only few years earlier.”
“That’s an outrageous thing to say, Sir!”
“There will always be some who are offended by the truth when it tramples their own prejudices.”
“Now see here, sir.  That kind of talk is going to cause trouble.”
“The trouble had long since started before I ever came here.  Whereas the colonists only sought better relations and a better economic future before, they might now seek total independence some ten years later.  I fear sirs that our king has been given bad advice, and we’re now reaping the bitter fruits of that.”
“That’s outrageous sir.  That is seditious talk and you should be more careful what you say.”
“Really?  And here I thought that I was asked by fellow gentlemen to give an honest opinion of our economy here.  What I said will change nothing so none of you need have ruffled feathers.”
“I’m outraged for our gracious King!”
“No need to be.  Any of you who are profiting from the war now will continue to do so until it ends”
“You should be hung for speaking thus, McCloud!”  Everyone turned to see Colonel Grundy standing there, his face flushed a deep red.  Undetected, Rebecca had rejoined the group, and had been listening for several minutes.  She gasped when Grundy spoke.
Ian spoke softly and evenly as he had from the beginning, his low timbered voice nonetheless carrying to all in the now hushed group.  “Would ye hang me because you heard a small fragment of a conversation then, or would that be instead for accompanying Miss Davis to this gala, sir?”
Stepping forward Grundy slapped Ian a stinging blow across his face.  Easily seeing it coming, Ian never let his head budge a hair.  Grundy drew back his hand and held it briefly as if he had slapped a tree trunk.  Ian’s eyes grew a frosty shade of pale blue, like cracked ice as he said in a low voice “I believe that gives me the choice of weapons, sir.”
Grundy’s face was nearly purple with rage as he answered “Choose well you peacock.  I’m equally comfortable with pistols or swords.”
“Swords will be fine then sir.”
General Gage then spoke up “Now see here gentlemen; there’s no need for violence.”
“I will forbear if you order it sir” said Grundy.
Ian looked at Gage then and back at Grundy “A convenient way out for a coward, now having struck me for no cause in a public place.”
Grundy stepped toward Ian as Gage put up his hand, saying   “That will be enough, Colonel!  Ian?”
Turning and smiling warmly at Gage, Ian replied “Though I’m publicly wronged, I too will forbear for your sake, General Gage.  This coward has no fear of my retribution.”
Grundy started forward again saying “Now see here you peacock….” as Gage again put up his hand to stop him.
“Colonel Grundy you will stand down sir!”
“Yes sir” said Grundy through clenched teeth.
Gage looked at Ian who smiled perfunctorily at him and nodded.
Gage nodded curtly and then with a smile he said “Now see how easy that was, gentlemen.  Please excuse me now as I have neglected my wife too long tonight, especially being this gala is to honor our wedding anniversary.  Ian, Rebecca; will you please accompany me?”  They departed then even as Rebecca looked back at Grundy with disdain.
After separating from General Gage in the dance area, Ian turned to her.
“I’m sorry you had to witness this spectacle Rebecca.”  He bowed slightly and kissed her hand, continuing “Nonetheless, may I have the pleasure of your company in a dance?”
Shocked and wide-eyed, she curtseyed and replied “I would be honored sir, and I’ve caused this thing by my own folly.”
“Let’s forget about it and enjoy this evening, shall we?”
As they danced, Rebecca was quite solemn, replaying in h er mind what she had seen My God!  His eyes looked like ice, yet he never raised his voice even once.  And his face, not a bruise, no blood, no swelling.  How can that be, as hard as he was hit?  Ian smiled at her then, his eyes a merry shade of turquoise blue, twinkling now as if nothing had happened.
“Please don’t be so solemn, Rebecca.  Aside from that incident, I’m glad to be here with you.”
“Oh really, Ian?  I feel so bad that…that despicable person behaved in that way toward you.  Really, most of them there were picking on you, yet you were the only one who made any sense.”
Smiling brilliantly then Ian said “Why Rebecca, were you eavesdropping then?  And here I thought that you’d gone to seek Laura and that I was free to make a fool of myself for a bit.”
“A fool of yourself?  Never!  I heard enough and I’ve felt that way for some time now.  Oh Ian, I wanted this evening to be perfect and look at what has happened because of that dreadful Colonel Grundy.”
“Now lass, don’t be grieving so.  The night is but half over and we have many dances yet to do.  I promise to dance every one of them with you alone if you so desire” he said with a warm smile.
“Done then sir.  I will hold you to that this night” she said with a big smile.  As the evening progressed, she began to relax and truly before too long she was having the best time she’d ever had at such a gathering.  Ian seemed to have a way of making everything all right.  And he seemed to be completely unaffected by the disturbing events, and indeed he seemed to be truly enjoying himself even now.
As he danced with Rebecca, he thought well Ian; you’ve stepped in it again.  Of all the ways to start up a bank on foreign shores surely tonight was an example of one of the poorest strategies.  This will not bode well for our enterprise.  Damn the luck anyway!
Pausing for refreshments the two made their way to the appropriate area.  Rebecca excused herself briefly to speak with Laura who was nearby.  As she departed a large fleshy man approached Ian.
“Mr. McCloud?”
“At your service sir.  And who might you be?”
“I’m Amos Blackwell sir.  I am the architect who designed your new building.”
“Mr. Blackwell.  A pleasure indeed sir.”  The two talked then about the building and what Ian wanted to do with it.  Rebecca returned and Ian introduced the two.  Blackwell excused himself, asking Ian to meet him at Grover Park the next morning at ten o’clock being as he was staying at a rooming house nearby and had the original plans for the building.  Ian agreed and Blackwell excused himself and departed even as Ian and Rebecca turned to go to the dance floor once more.
A pair of prominent Tory businessmen nearby thoughtfully watched the two as they left the refreshment area.
The evening ended without any further unpleasantness.  Rebecca had let Ian dance one dance with Louise, the nine-year old girl.  She had shyly whispered to her, asking if she would allow Ian one dance.  Otherwise she had him to herself all evening and was in good spirits as the evening drew to a close.  She, her father, and Ian all rode in pleasant conversation to the Davis home.  Rebecca took Ian’s hand in the carriage in the darkness.  At the Davis house, Ian dismissed the carriage driver, paying him.  Colonel Davis bid Ian good night and left him and Rebecca alone on the front porch.  Rebecca shyly asked if Ian would walk with her about the neighborhood briefly, so they walked hand in hand down the dark street.  “Ian, I had the best time of my life tonight.  I’m so happy that you took me in spite of what that boor said.”
“I had fun too, Rebecca, really I did.  You’re just marvelous to be with, and just what I needed to help myself forget some of the bad things that have been my lot recently.”  They had circled and were already on the way back to her house, having entered a very dark area.  She stopped and pulled him to face her, saying “Kiss me please, Ian.”
“Now lass that might not be such a good idea.”
“I’ll be the judge of that.  I don’t care if it is improper.  I’ll just die if I don’t get to kiss you tonight.”
“Rebecca, I have issues, emotional baggage that is crippling me.  Not only that, but there are things about me….I…Rebecca they are truly serious things that you cannot guess…they would make our involvement…..
Here he was stopped as she quickly threw both arms about his neck and pressed her lips to his.  He kissed her softly then, savoring the sweetness of it, having been without physical affection for months.  Nonetheless he did not follow up as she likely wanted him to, but instead cupped her beautiful face between his two bronzed hands and gently kissed both of her eyelids and gave her yet another soft kiss on the lips.  He then drew back and gently turned her to walk with him to the door.  Raising both of her hands to his lips he said “Truly that was the nicest thing that’s happened to me since coming to these shores.  Drawing her to him once more he gently kissed her a third time and then said “Good night sweet Rebecca” and turning he  put his tri corner hat on while walking down the steps and off into the darkness.

Chapter 10
Yvonne and Stefan sat idly, each nursing a tankard of ale, listening to the flow of conversation at the Piccadilly Inn and Tavern.  They both saw the man with whom they wanted to speak when he entered.  Unaware he was being keenly observed the constable sat at a vacant table and ordered a tankard of ale.  By the time the serving wench had returned with it, Yvonne had walked to his table and just as the wench sat the drink down, she offered to pay for it.
Looking up at the red headed beauty standing before him, Constable Connors smiled affably and nodded to the empty chair across from him.  Yvonne put her tankard down on the scarred table top and sat, folding her hands demurely as she sat staring at Connors with a slight smile.
“Frederick Connors, ma’am.  How may I help you” he said as he imagined how she could help him.  Connors was good looking in a rugged sort of way, with a good sense of humor and had no small success with the local tavern wenches and other assorted women who might be found in such a place.  But he had never in his life seen one as exciting as this one.
Yvonne demurely nodded and extended her hand saying “Yvonne Devrie, Mr. Connors.  I am searching for something and you might be able to help me in that regard.”
Raising his bushy eyebrows, Connors bowed his head as his lips brushed the back of her extended hand.  He sat back then and sipped his ale, nodding for her to proceed.
“I heard of a kidnapping of a youngster that happened last year in London.  It seems that the Constabulary was marshaled quickly and in large numbers to apprehend the perpetrator.  I was wondering if you can recall anything at all about that, sir.”
Taking another sip Connors nodded, saying “Indeed there was such an incident.  We even blocked all seven roads leading from London in the hopes of apprehending the perpetrators.”
“And?”
“And what does a lovely woman such as you want with such information?”
Tossing a gold sovereign onto the table Yvonne said “I’m willing to pay for the information, Constable Connors.”
Not reaching for the money, Connors said “Please call me Fred, Yvonne.”
Smiling while seductively tipping her head to one side a bit, Yvonne said “Frederick is a strong name; one that I like very much.”  Mindful that Stefan was watching from nearby, she continued “Now that we’ve met, we need not be strangers any more, Fred.  I have need of information from time to time and I supply gratitude as well as money for such.”
“There’s nothing that can warm my heart more than gratitude” he said as he took her hand in his.
“That will not be possible this night, Fred.  I came here with the man you now see looking at you from over my right shoulder, the one who has a silver hook in place of his hand.”
Fondling her hand in his, Frederick looked and indeed a dark man with such a hook sat staring at him as if he could see through him.
“I don’t always have him with me, but tonight I just happened to come here with him.  For my sake, please don’t insist, Fred.  I like you, but he’s quite jealous and I have to be discreet regarding him.  You do understand, don’t you?”
Frederick sighed and took the gold sovereign, saying “There was a child of about six years age kidnapped at that time.  Every constable in London and even in surrounding villages was rousted at one time.  You’d have thought that one of the royals themselves had been taken.  No name was ever given, but she was described as being a well-dressed French girl, blue-eyed with golden-colored hair, around six years old.  She was allegedly found unharmed early the following day, wandering the streets of London.”
“That’s it?”
“Well, yes.  However no one I know in the Constabulary found her.  They were all told the same thing; just that she’d been found.”
“Can you be found here often, Fred?”
“For you, I could be found most anywhere, Yvonne.”
“There’s double that amount for a name to go with this story.  For two names or three, who knows what gratitude I might show?”
“I’m here every Friday at this time.  I have no doubt that I can supply your needs, Yvonne” he said, pleased with his double entrende.

Chapter 11
Birds chirped merrily and two children laughed as they played around the liberty pole at Grover’s Square in New York City.  Ian and James strolled north toward the square, looking like two young gentlemen merely taking a turn about the neighborhood.
A rented carriage was sitting at the edge of the park and as they approached Amos Blackwell emerged from it and greeted them even as three more carriages approached from the east.
“Good morning Mr. McCloud, Mr. Barrows I’m pleased to see you both again.”
“We’re pleased to see you again too sir.  Have you some recommendations to make regarding our building?”
“I certainly do, sirs.  Is there a place where we can to look at my plans properly?  I do apologize for requesting a meeting like this but I only have a tiny rented room nearby and it’s totally unsuitable for that.”
Ian was about to respond when the three carriages pulled up and discharged their occupants at the entrance of Grover park where they were standing.  To Ian’s surprise out stepped Colonel Harold Grundy.
Although his expression did not change a bit, Ian thought Grundy?  How in hell did he find me here today?  Worse yet, what does he want?
Besides Colonel Grundy, there was the banker, Willard Wellington, four Officers of His Majesty’s Army, three officers of the Royal Navy, and two wealthy merchants.  All had been present at the gala the night before.
Grundy walked confidently then to Ian and James, his entourage behind him.  “Mr. McCloud.  Fancy meeting you here.”
“Colonel Grundy.  A surprise indeed.”
Ian introduced Grundy to Blackwell and stood patiently by as Grundy introduced his entire entourage.  Gesturing toward James Grundy said “Is that your second?”
“This is my good friend James Barrows, recently of London”
Blackwell was quite confused, looking questioningly first toward Ian and then toward Grundy as the latter spoke again.
“I don’t suppose you’re repentant of anything you said last evening, Mr. McCloud?”
“I don’t suppose that I am, Colonel Grundy.”
“I thought that you might have better sense today without a young lady to impress.”
“You thought wrong, as usual, and I have no designs on Rebecca.”
Ian could easily see some color rising from Grundy’s collar, beginning to turn his face red.
“So you don’t take back anything you said last evening?”
“You were a boor then and you’re still one today, sir.”
“By God, you’ll pay for that remark sir!  You indicated sabers last evening and I’ve brought them!  Choose one now or run away like the peacock you really are.”
Sighing deeply Ian stepped forward as Wellington presented a case which he opened, facing the contents toward Ian.  Ian chose one, and lifting it to level with his shoulders, he put his other hand near the tip and caused the blade to flex some two inches, and turning it over he flexed it likewise again while thinking how can I get out of this now?
“This will do.”  Handing it to James he removed his waistcoat and took the blade, nodding to the group and then to the two children playing around the pole.  “What of the children?”
Grundy turned to the officers, saying “See to those children.”  The officers went to the two and walked them to their mother and talked briefly with her.  She quickly took them, walking as fast as she could away from the park.
A horse drawing a small carriage clattered to a halt on the cobblestone street at the park entrance.  The driver assisted a lady from the coach and waited while she made her way to the group.  Ian saw immediately that it was Rebecca, and that she was quite upset.
Can this get any worse? he thought as she walked briskly their direction.
Walking into the midst of the group she said “Surely you two are not going through with this thing!”
Grundy spoke then, saying “Go home Rebecca.  This doesn’t concern you.”
“Oh really?  I beg to differ, sir.  Did you know that it was I who asked Ian to take me to the Gala?”
Grundy couldn’t hide the surprise in his face as she continued.  “I told him that you’d been sent to New Jersey by General Gage and that I wanted to go to the Gala.  I asked him in front of the church yesterday morning after the service, and I asked him in front of three people so that he could hardly refuse without looking bad.  You are out of line sir” she said and turning to Grundy’s entourage she continued “And the lot of you should be ashamed at yourselves.  General Gage asked Mr. McCloud to give an opinion of the economy and when he did, you turned on him like a pack of hyenas.  And now here you are today hoping to see him hurt or killed.  If people like you represent the cream of British society in the Colonies, God help us all!  Is it any wonder the Colonists are revolting?”
They were all dumbfounded and speechless at the fire in the eyes of this angry young lady and they were stung by her words as well.  She came to Ian then, reached toward him and took his hand in both of hers, drawing it to her breast as she stepped very close to him.  Lowering her voice she said “Dear Ian.  Don’t let this thing go a bit further than it already has.”
Raising his voice unnecessarily so all could hear Grundy sneeringly said “Well, well McCloud.  How fortuitous for you.  The young lady comes just in time to save her peacock.”
Ian drew her away several paces and turned to her.
“How did you know to come here today?”
“That young girl you danced with, Louise.  She overheard some of those men talking and fretted about it all night.  One of them overheard you talking to Mr. Blackwell.  She came early today to my home to tell me.  Please don’t go through with this thing.”
“I fear it’s gone too far.  I will be denigrated throughout New York City and called a coward by these witnesses.”
“But Ian.  Surely people will come to realize the truth of this matter.”
“No.  These men have far too much influence here in this city and nearby.  When they’re through with me in the press and in the organizations they belong to, the people I need to do business with will have nothing to do with our bank.”
“Oh Ian!  Please do reconsider!”
“I promise that I won’t hurt him seriously.  I’ll wound his pride, but I won’t kill him.”
“But Ian, He killed a man in a duel last year.  He is the finest swordsman in the Colonies!”
Turning to the group Ian said “I await your pleasure, sirs.”
A wealthy merchant then brought a case containing two pistols for the seconds.  James and a British naval officer each took one, waiting for the rule of quarter to be decided.
Wellington then said “Shall the rule of quarter be observed here this day Mr. McCloud?”
“Yes.”
“Colonel Grundy?”
“I don’t wish to seek quarter.”
“Mr. McCloud?”
“Very well Colonel Grundy.  No quarter.”
Several of Grundy’s entourage turned to each other in surprise, talking among themselves in hushed tones.  Clearly they never expected this to become a duel to the death.
James and the navy officer each handed their pistols back to the merchant as Ian stepped away from the group toward an open area near the liberty pole.  Grundy took off his waistcoat and followed, swooshing his sword impressively several times and raising it above his head horizontally, drawing it downward behind his head to touch his shoulders as he loosened his muscles.  Ian merely stood by as if bored, looking about the neighborhood as Grundy continued his exercise.  Nodding to Wellington then, Grundy signified that he was ready.
“Gentlemen, are you ready?”
Ian thought am I ready for what will come of this day?  All that I came here to do was to start up a bank and look at what’s happened.  Even as Wellington shouted “On guard!” he allowed his mind to briefly drift back to the day he first saw America.
Grundy came at Ian with a vicious onslaught which Ian parried brilliantly, backing only two or three steps away and then suddenly he countered, backing Grundy up for some six steps and cutting one of the suspenders for his trousers, and cutting his shirt as well.  Grundy backed up three more paces with a look of surprise on his face.
Ian stood silently, sword down at his side, relaxed.  Grundy bored in rapidly again with a brilliant display of swordsmanship which Ian merely parried without giving any ground at all.  This exchange lasted some two minutes and suddenly Ian pressed forward, forcing Grundy to retreat some eight steps, and then Ian’s attack faltered a bit.  Grundy again bored in as rapidly as he could but Ian ducked like lightning and whirled past him.  Reaching out with the flat of his sword, he whacked Grundy really hard across his buttocks.  The blow was hard enough that it made a loud whacking sound and Grundy grunted in pain, clutching his buttocks with his left hand.
Ian again bored in rapidly forcing Grundy back some six steps and again his attack faltered.  Again Grundy bored in rapidly and again Ian ducked, whirled and whacked him solidly across the buttocks.  Grundy could not help but grunt at the pain and again clutched at his buttocks.
Ian closed rapidly and forced Grundy back some twelve paces and then like lightning lunged in with a raised foot and kicked Grundy straight in the chest, toppling him onto his back.  To his credit, Grundy rolled rapidly to recover but before he could do so, Ian had stepped up and whacked him twice across his buttocks again, followed by a kick in the rump to sprawl him on his face.  Before Grundy could recover Ian again struck him two mighty blows across his buttocks.  Both blows smacked loudly and Grundy cried out at the pain.  Ian merely turned his back and walked slowly toward the liberty pole, flexing his sword.  The group was hushed and astonished.  James smiled amusedly as Rebecca and Amos looked on in astonishment, their mouths hanging open.
Grundy scrambled to his feet, his face purple with rage and ran toward Ian with his sword drawn back to decapitate him.  Rebecca screamed “Ian watch out!”
He merely spun and gave ground, parrying every stroke skillfully, when suddenly he ducked low to one side and like lightning he passed by and cut Grundy along his left side and following through he whacked him once more across his buttocks.  Grundy continued well past Ian, and putting his hand to his side, he drew it back bloody.  It was a flesh wound, but not a serious one.  Ian stood relaxed, his sword down, its tip in the grass.  He faked some heavy breathing, but in no way looked as tired as his opponent did.
Grundy stood glaring with rage at Ian, breathing deeply and gathering his strength.  He lunged again, bearing in rapidly with great force and fine technique.  Ian merely retreated some six steps and faking an attack where he hacked downward against Grundy’s guard he suddenly ducked and opened up another cut on his other side as he passed, and again turned his blade to deliver yet another  resounding ‘whack’ to his buttocks.  Grundy went berserk then, roaring in rage, pain, and frustration and attacked with abandon, hacking viciously with great power.  Ian merely gave a bit of ground while opening two cuts on Grundy’s face; one on each cheek.  As Grundy gave pause at the sudden sensation of being cut so near his eyes, Ian bored in and again like lightning planted his foot in his chest, sprawling him on his back.  As he rolled to regain his feet Ian again gave him two resounding whacks on his buttocks.
Roaring with rage and frustration Grundy again came at Ian who merely parried his every stroke and cut his other suspender.  His trousers began to slip bit by bit as he pressed the attack on Ian, who faked an attack and then backed away drawing his opponent forward only to duck and pivot once again to whack him across his buttocks.  Boring in, Ian wounded him lightly in his right shoulder and then in under a minute wounding him in the much harder to reach left shoulder, followed again by a resounding whack across the buttocks.
Grundy was in a quandary now, trying to keep his trousers up and to defend himself.  Again Ian rushed in and again he kicked Grundy in the chest, sprawling him onto his back and as he tried to roll and get up Ian rushed in and began to whack him repeatedly across his buttocks, and alternately to kick his buttocks, so moving him around Grover square as a pitiful spectacle.  By now a sizable crowd had gathered numbering above seventy people, mostly adults.  
Allowing him to recover, Ian then stepped in and wounded his sword arm with a slash that forced him to drop his weapon.  Ian immediately had his sword at Grundy’s throat and backed him up toward his entourage.  As he backed up, his trousers slipped to his knees and his blood-soaked underwear could be seen where his buttocks were bleeding from the spanking he had gotten from Ian’s sword.  A snap kick sprawled him on his back, Ian above him glaring coldly downward with eyes the color of cracked ice.
In a low voice devoid of any emotion he said “Yield sir or I will now beat you with this sword like the coward you are.”  He then alternately whacked one thigh and then the other rapidly until Grundy cried “I yield, damn you!  I yield!”
Ian drew his sword arm back for a killing thrust as Grundy’s eyes widened in horror and then he slowly stood up straight and snapped the saber in two across his knee as if it was a dried twig, saying “It seems I can’t deliver the death blow with my sword broken.  God has smiled on you today Grundy.  Take that to heart and guard your vicious temper and your tongue in the future.”
Turning his back then, he walked toward James, Amos and Rebecca.  Grundy cried out “A pox on you sir.  A pox on you and your house!”  James was smiling broadly but Rebecca was pale and in a state of shock while Amos stood nearby in shocked silence.  The crowd buzzed with countless excited exchanges.  Soon all of New York City would know that Colonel Harold Grundy was not only beaten but was humiliated in a duel; and by a banker no less.
Ian turned to Amos saying “Sir, I regret this rude interruption and this incident.  Will you please excuse us?”
“Yes.  Yes Mr. McCloud.  Perhaps we can meet here tomorrow?”
“I’ll send word if we can sir.  Good day.”
Turning then, he James and Rebecca walked to her waiting carriage. Ian was silent, lost in thought, but James was in high spirits.  “That was the finest example of swordsmanship I’ve ever seen or heard of Ian.”
He replied “It was also the sorriest example of defusing a bad situation, I fear.”  They walked in silence, only the sound of gravel crunching beneath their feet on the footpath.  At the carriage Rebecca turned to Ian saying “I suppose that was a long overdue lesson in humility for Colonel Grundy, Ian.  I…I still can’t believe what I just saw.”
“I do apologize for you witnessing such a spectacle, Rebecca.  Such things are not fit for a lady to see, and I must admit that maybe I should have backed down and let him smear me in public.”  He fastened his eyes on hers and said “Truly I saw no way out of the mess I got myself into.  It seemed that no matter which way I went, this would go badly, and it has.  I’ve started something that didn’t end today.”
She saw that he was truly contrite and marveled at the transition from what she had just seen.  He had gone from being a fearsome combatant to this gentle person with such a kindly and sorrowful expression in his remarkable eyes in less than two minutes.
“It wasn’t you who started this Ian.  I saw, and… and heard enough from that overbearing bully last evening to know that.  But surely it’s over now.  You’ve humiliated him and physically injured him, yet you let him live when it was he who demanded no quarter.  Surely he’ll want to forget this day and will do all that he can to avoid you.”
“I fear that he’ll now use every means at his disposal to target me and my friends.  The bank will suffer for my folly.  I’ve put myself in the center of a storm, and anyone near me will feel it one day.”  Little did he know how prophetic that statement would prove to be.
Sighing deeply then he looked out toward the sliver of sea that was visible from the park site.  Shaking his head then he turned to James.  “I might well return to London and leave you here to oversee things.  That could serve to pacify him enough to leave the Bank alone.  Still, I hate to leave you with this mess and with yet another bank to start up elsewhere.”
Rebecca was crushed to hear this, and stepped close to Ian then.  Putting her arms around his waist she laid her head on his chest and said “Please, for my sake don’t leave the Colonies.  I couldn’t bear it” she said as she leaned back to look into his eyes, her arms still encircling his waist.
With a sad look he replied “I won’t leave then, Rebecca.”  He kissed her forehead then and turning to James he said “We have plans to be laid this day.  Let’s take this young lady to that Inn which you and Laura seem to like so well.  She’s hungry.”
Rebecca looked at him and at James, puzzled. 
“Rebecca, your stomach has been growling non-stop since the fight ended” he said with a twinkle in his eyes.  James and Ian both chuckled as Rebecca gasped.  Her eyebrows shot up and she blushed and covered her mouth with both hands but then she joined in, glad to be laughing, and astonished at the same time.

Chapter 12
Private investigator Terrence Dalton waited in the London offices of Robert Milliken patiently.  He had been there around a half an hour when a man emerged from Milliken’s office who Dalton knew was a member of the House of Lords.  Shortly Milliken’s receptionist came and summoned him to Milliken’s office.
Entering, he saw Robert staring out the window at the light rainfall.  Without turning around Milliken said “Please be seated Mr. Dalton.”
Dalton sat down on the far side of Milliken’s expansive desk.  Coming to his chair, Milliken sat and looked at Dalton expectantly, raising his eyebrows.
“Sir, I’ve been following Miles Edwards and it appears that he’s made two contacts who may be working for him.”
“Investigators?”
“Not likely.  Surely none that I know, and I know most all of them.”
“Then who?”
“There is a man who wears a silver hook in lieu of his right hand.  The other one is a red-headed woman.”
“And what have you learned about them?”
“They met with a constable recently.  One Frederick Connors.”
“Hmmm.  Do you know yet what they’re looking for?”
“No.  But I did get to overhear them speaking, and they sound as if they could be French; especially the woman.  She is really quite lovely sir, and she has striking green eyes.  She is the one working with Connors.  I got the sense that he fancies himself as something of a ladies man, and that she is manipulating him.”
Chuckling then, Robert said “That is an old tactic, nearly as old as time itself.  Stay on them and on Edwards too.  Bring in two more men, and do be discreet and very, very careful.  If these people are who I suspect they might be, it would be dangerous to follow them at night.  If you see them go into an establishment, you can go in too, but don’t follow them out under any circumstance if it’s after dark, understand?”
Dalton nodded.
“Keep me informed, and I want to see you every single day from now on regarding this matter, and that includes Sundays as well.  Good day, Dalton.”
“Good day sir.”
As Dalton left, Robert came out and told his assistant “I’m going to be at the Chief of Constables for the rest of the afternoon” as he walked out the door, putting on his raincoat as he went.
***
 “James, we need to make a change, and we likely should do it fairly soon.”
Regarding Ian over one of Mrs. McKinley’s dining room tables he raised his eyebrows as he finished up the last of his breakfast.
 “I’m pretty sure that Grundy will eventually try to get General Gage and the high command to come against us.  One thing they might do if that happened is to impound our funds.”
“Do you really think it will go that far?  I mean…look, Gage likes you and I both, and he seems like a fair-minded fellow.”
“True, but Grundy won’t relent, and wouldn’t be above planting false evidence to discredit me.  He might even act independently while Gage is gone.  Should that happen you’ll be at risk too, being guilty by association.”  
“So?”
“What I’m thinking about will be a bit of trouble, but nothing bad can come of it, and it might save us from having every penny confiscated by agents of the Crown for who knows how long.”
“So you really do think it could get that bad?”
“Maybe, yes.”
“Will they take the property too?”
“Maybe, but they can’t sell it.  It’s in the name of Robert Milliken and he can’t be seriously accused of sedition, not even being here and in fact he enjoys good relations with the Crown.  Grundy’s not that stupid.”  He looked at James then and said “You know, they could take it for billeting troops temporarily since we’re not officially open yet.”
 “But New York is not occupied at present.  This is only a token force here, and they don’t exert much local control.”
“That could change and what might Grundy do if Gage is absent?  He’ll have to return to Boston soon enough.”
“What’s your plan?”
“We can start today by looking for several safe places.  It may be that some of the funds should be hidden on the mainland and not all here.”
That very night, they located seven places scattered about various churchyards of New York City.  All were in cemeteries, beneath large head stones which two men could not lift, but one vampire could.  Having chosen them and testing the headstones to ascertain that they could be moved and replaced James ordered several copper chests made, all the same size.  Ian went to New Jersey to look into likely hiding places there and found eight more.  The pair visited those that night and chose five of the eight after testing the headstones, always choosing only headstones in among others with no vacancies nearby to lessen the chance of discovery.
James began to take delivery of some of the copper chests at the bank and at night he and Ian would bury gold sovereigns and silver coinage.  Within two weeks, they had succeeded in safely hiding away over half of the startup funds, and over half of their personal funds as well.  
 Mrs. McKinley came to them one morning looking downcast.  “James, Ian; I’m afraid I have bad news.  Two British officers came to see me.  They said that if I evicted you two, they would only make me quarter two soldiers.  If not, they would evict everyone by the end of the week and take the whole building for quartering troops.  They only told me this last evening, and you two weren’t here.”
James looked at Ian and nodded as Ian spoke “Think nothing of it Mrs. McKinley.  James and I will live in our bank building.  We’ve more than enough room there.  I’ll miss this place, and I’ll miss you too Ma’am.  May I have a goodbye hug then?” 
“Oh, Ian, please both of you call me Bessie.  You two are the best tenants I’ve ever had.  Please consider coming back when this awful war is over.”
“We’ll have our things out of our rooms this morning.”  They embraced and said their goodbyes, and then together they walked out onto the front porch.  Ian casually scanned the busy street outside and he spotted a carriage with a man sitting inside.  Turning to James he said “Don’t look, but I believe that our friend Grundy is watching us from that carriage yonder towards the south.”
James looked off toward the north, pointing at a large wagonload of chickens passing that direction as he replied “I think you’re right.  I would wager that this is the first time he’s been able to sit down since that spanking you gave him.”  Both of them laughed then as Ian realized that he probably had to sleep on his stomach for a week or two.
James said “It’s beginning isn’t it?”
“It is.  I’ll get transportation for our belongings.  It shouldn’t take an hour.”
“What can I do in the meantime?
“You can be buying some needed things for us to use at the bank building.  We need to at least look as if we’re living there so two cots, blankets, pillows, a coffee pot, wash basin, wash cloths, towels, soap, chamber pot, and whatever you can think of that will make a convincing facade should anyone visit us.”
“We should have two wardrobe closets or at least two chests of drawers and several oil lamps too.”
“Right.  I’ll meet you there with our belongings.  This afternoon we’ll be sure to lose anyone who’s following us and buy some suitable outdoors wear.  I think we will need it soon enough.”  The two then went their separate ways.

Chapter 13
 “Good morning, Angus, Stuart.”  Cosette handed each a steaming mug of tea, having made her way up the steep steps to the helm with the two cups and easily maintaining her balance on the rolling pitching ship.
Both greeted her and Angus said “And a fine morning it is, Cosette.”
“Armando said last night that we were only a few days from landfall” she said as she took the helm from Stuart and looked at the compass heading.
“We should drop anchor in New York harbor no more than four days from now.”
“I’m so anxious.  I just can’t wait to see Ian.”
“Hah, I just can’t wait to see the look on his face when he sees you, Cosette” exclaimed Stuart.
Angus said “Aye, laddie.  Won’t that be a sight?”
They all laughed then at the thought of it.
“Angus, I’ll be forever grateful that you brought me to New York for this.  I can never thank you enough.”
“Nonsense Cosette!  I wouldn’t want to miss this reunion for all of the world.”
“Nor I” echoed Stu.  “Will you both return to Britain when this bank start up is over?”
“That will be up to Ian.  I only want to be wherever he is.  If we do return, we’ll live part of the time in the Swiss Confederation with the others, and likely part of the time in Edinburg.  At least that’s what I’d like to do.”
“That is a bonny fine idea, Cosette.  If Ian agrees to that, what good news that will be to take home to Mary and Elsie!”
Stuart then began to tell Cosette about a farm near Edinburg that was owned by an elderly widow which likely could be available in a few years.  She looked toward the horizon with longing in her eyes, while listening raptly.
***
Laura Millhouse sat in the home of her friend, Rebecca Davis.  She had been away in New Jersey for a while and wanted to catch up on events.  The two were talking about the objects of their affection as young ladies will do.  Laura had just finished telling Rebecca of all of the time she had spent in the company of James Barrows and of his many virtues, not the least of which was how handsome she found him to be.  Now concluding her account, she asked Rebecca about the duel she had witnessed and about how things were developing between her and Ian.
Rebecca related the details of the duel to Laura who sat wide-eyed, listening to the account.
“I tell you Laura, Ian could have easily killed Colonel Grundy in just seconds.  He’s that much a better swordsman.  You would have had to see it to have believed it.  He didn’t want for it to happen, but felt that he couldn’t back away without the bank suffering for his loss of reputation.”
“Surely that will be the end of it now.”
“Ian thinks not.  He’s convinced that Grundy will retaliate and use his position in the British High Command to exact revenge.  Already they were evicted from the boarding house they were living in.  Suddenly the British High Command felt they needed to house British soldiers there.”
“I tell you, Rebecca, it feels like New York is as much an occupied city as Boston is, even though we aren’t, or at least not officially.  I see more and more lobsterbacks everywhere I look.”
“Lobsterbacks?”
“Yes.  That is the name given them by many colonists.”  The two giggled a bit at that.
“Well Rebecca, has he kissed you yet?”
“Oh my yes!  I had to coerce him though, but it was heavenly!  He is such a gentle man, so caring and kind-hearted and also broken from what has happened in his past.  He is a man of great contrasts.  If you could have seen his eyes when he was fighting with Colonel Grundy!  Oh my!  And then moments afterward, he was joking with me and suggesting that we all go to an inn and eat lunch.  His eyes twinkled with laughter then.  I feel all tingly when he takes my hand, and when he kisses me, my head swims!”
“I wish that James would kiss me.  He has such a delicious looking mouth, and the rest of him looks delectable too!”
“And you said I talked like a hussy?”  The two friends then laughed at their recollection of Rebecca asking Ian to take her to the gala.  About then they both heard someone walk in the front door.  As Rebecca rose to see who it was, her father walked into the room.
“Hello, ‘Becca.  Hello Miss Davis.”
“Hello father.  You look as if you have something on your mind.”
Looking at his daughter he said “You can read me like a book, just as your dear mother could, ‘Becca.”  He paused to go to the dining room and came back with a small snifter of Brandy.  Sitting down opposite the sofa the two had been sharing he took a drink and then said “General Gage is resigning his commission effective immediately.”
Both ladies gasped, and then Rebecca said “Who will succeed him then father?”
“General William Howe.  The king sees him as a hero what with the victories at Bunker Hill and Breeds Hill as well as Lexington-Concord.  The rebels have been engaging us in the southern colonies, using hit and run tactics.  They’re making life miserable for loyalists and the army down there; not to mention that they’ve besieged Boston, and control all of the land near it.  Were it not for our navy, we should have to abandon Boston.”  He sat then, sipping his drink as the clock in the foyer chimed the hour.
“What do you think General Howe will do differently than Gage?”
“I haven’t taken time to think about that.  Oh, I almost forgot but Colonel Grundy is evicting Ian and James from the bank as early as tomorrow.  He says we need the space for incoming troops, but I just don’t see it, unless the rebels try to evict us from Manhattan.  Most of our forces go to Boston or to the south where the war is raging the most.  I’m pretty certain that it’s just his way at retaliating against Ian for humiliating him.  That must have been some sight to see!  I hear that he had to sleep on his stomach for some ten days!”
***
At the Milliken Merchants’ Bank of New York, Ian and James organized their hastily improvised quarters.  They figured to hunt after dark and then to scout for more hiding places for the bank’s funds.  Ian had by now convinced James that they should delay opening the bank for a while until Grundy cooled off.  They left by way of the alleyway and made sure no one was following them.  Taking the horse and wagon to look at more cemeteries, they figured to buy suitable outdoor clothing as well while they were out.  Ian had a nagging suspicion that they might soon be mobile no matter what else happened.
Late in the day they returned and stowed their outdoor wear with their weapons.  They had seen two cemeteries that would bear investigating tonight for fresh hiding places for more of the funds.  Ian heard someone knocking loudly at the main door downstairs.  When he unlocked and opened the door, there stood Rebecca, a worried look on her pretty features.  “Rebecca!  What brings you here this late in the day?  Please come in.”
“Ian, where’s James?”
“Upstairs.”
“Please call him.  I have something to tell both of you.”
Ian called to James and as they heard him respond and begin to come down, Ian gently took Rebecca by the shoulders and peered at her narrowly, saying “You look worried.”
As James joined them Rebecca looked at the two wide-eyed and said “I have bad news.  General Gage has resigned his command.”
She saw Ian’s eyebrows raise then as he turned to look at James.  Looking back at her he said “Do you know who’s replacing him?”
“Yes.  It is General Sir William Howe.”
Looking back at James he said “You’re right about it being bad news.  James; Grundy will move against me now, and maybe even tonight.  It’s a good thing that we didn’t take that horse and wagon back yet.”  James nodded as Ian turned to Rebecca.
“Rebecca, you must return home and never admit you were here.  When you’re asked, the last time you saw either of us was the day of the duel at Grover’s park.  You must go now.  We have things to do here and we have little time.”
“Ian, there’s more.  Grundy has drawn orders to evict you two in order that he quarter British troops in the bank building.”
Ian nodded and said “I suspected as much.  Likely they’ll be here in the morning.  Grundy will relish a public spectacle involving us being tossed out of our own building.”
“I’ll help now.  What shall I do?”
“No Rebecca.  You can’t be caught up in this any more than you are now.  You’ll be accused of aiding and abetting a seditionist.”  Looking at James then he said “Worse yet, you could be accused of helping two seditionists.  That could reflect badly on your father too.”
“But that is poppycock!  The truth will come out soon enough.”
“Could be, but the sedition part will always be attached to your father’s name in the minds of his peers.  Bad things like that have a way of being indelible, true or not.”
She stared wide-eyed as that sunk in.  “What….what will you do?”
“What we won’t do is allow Grundy to imprison us.  We leave tonight.  You have to go now Rebecca.  They might even now be on their way here.  Please, for my sake.”
“Oh Ian!  Are you going back to England then?”
“Hardly.  We have legitimate business here in America and we’ll see to it.  It’s best if you know nothing.  That way you can be truthful when they come asking.  James, please send Rebecca’s driver around to the east end of our alley.  Come along now please.” he said as he took her elbow to steer her to the back entrance.
They walked out the back and into the closed alleyway, turning east to where they would come out on another street.  Rebecca turned to Ian as they walked “Why are we going this way?”
“Grundy might even now have a man watching the front entrance of the bank.  Better this than to risk being seen here.”  Rebecca turned and threw herself into his arms, pressing her lips to his passionately.  Ian felt some desire then, the first since the death of Alandra.  She drew back then, wide-eyed saying “I’m afraid.”
He smiled at her then saying “You have nothing to be fearful about.  I…look, I would love to be able to tell you more, but Grundy would need a whole lot more help than he can get from the High Command to take me.  I can’t say more about that, but you can take that as the truth.  I’m not talking just to calm you either.  There are things about me….things that I can’t tell, but…well they’re things that if you knew them….you’d never worry a bit about this.  Just please do trust me.  Go home and remember your story.  And remember that Grundy doesn’t have near enough of an army to take me.”
“What?  I don’t understand.  If that’s so, then why run away?”
“We’re moving quickly now only to protect the funds that we were trusted with.  We’re leaving the bank tonight so that we don’t have to hurt any soldiers that they send against us”
“What?  I….I don’t understand.  Ian, I’m so afraid that… that I’ll never see you again.”
The carriage arrived then, clattering to a halt on the cobblestone street.  “That’s not so.  Please do go now and don’t concern yourself over this.  We’ve already been making plans against this day and we’ve already taken steps.  I do need to know that you’re safe so for now good bye.”  He took her in his arms and kissed her tenderly and then he ran swiftly back toward the bank.  She thought she’d never seen a man run so fast.  As she entered the carriage and moved away, she puzzled over him saying that they didn’t want to harm the soldiers when they came to take them.  As the carriage clattered it’s way north toward her home she thought what can that possibly mean…not wanting to harm the soldiers?  Then she recollected Ian’s promise that he wouldn’t kill Grundy in their duel.  He had said it so matter-of-factly and now she put it together with his desire not to harm the soldiers sent to take him.  She thought what does all of that mean?  This is a mystery with no answer!
“James is everything loaded?”
“Everything but us” he said with his characteristic grin.  James was nothing if not an adventurer at heart.  He headed the horse and wagon down the alley to the west, turning south then.  Ian said “I looked up and down the street real well.  I don’t think we’re being watched just yet, but someone will be sent soon enough to watch until they come for us.”
“It looks like we’ll become fugitives.”
Ian looked at James then saying “You can stay, James.  They’re not after you.  I can’t guarantee that he wouldn’t throw you in the stockade for a while though.”
“Better a fugitive than a prisoner” James said as he drove toward the docks in the gathering dusk.  “I’ve wanted to see more of the colonies for a while now anyway.”

Chapter 14
Private investigator Terrence Dalton approached the North London home of Robert Milliken, steering his mount into the driveway leading to the carriage house alongside of the mansion.  A young muscular attendant met him, taking the horse to a watering trough as Dalton made his way to the front entrance.  A butler answered the door, also young and muscular, and showed him in.  Shortly he was seated in a spacious office overlooking a lovely terraced garden.  He heard the door open and stood just in time to see Milliken approaching him with an outstretched hand.  They exchanged greetings and then he showed him to a pair of facing wingback chairs by a hearth and sat down across from him, looking expectantly at the investigator.
“Sir I’ve found that the two who are paying Constable Connors are looking for information regarding the kidnapping of a child last year.  It seems they’re trying to locate her and they think that she’s French.  They now have a name to go with that information.”
“Oh?”
“Yes.  It seems that the little girl may have been with a party from France and the name ‘Henri’ has been added to their investigation.”
“I see.  Anything else of interest?”
“Yes sir.  Their partner, Miles Edwards has met more than once with a man who we think is named ‘Moreau’.  I have a sense that the four are or will be working together on all of this, whatever it is.”
“Very well, Mr. Dalton.”  He stood then, signifying that the conversation was at an end.  “I still want daily briefs and you may add two more men to watch this Moreau character.  As always, don’t use my name with any of these other investigators.  The less they know the better.  And be careful with this Moreau character too.  Don’t follow him at night.  He’s as dangerous as the others and you’re to be certain that your cohorts know that and follow that rule; understood?”
“Yes sir.  Will that be all?”
“Yes Mr. Dalton.  Good day.”
“Good day to you, sir.”
As the man left, Margaret Milliken walked into the office then with her eyebrows raised questioningly.  Robert said “I have to get a dispatch off to Henri immediately.  This may come to involve him and his family.  That bunch I am having followed is looking for Aimee, Ian, and Henri.”
“No!  Really?”
“I didn’t tell you this, but Aimee bit a piece out of Edward’s ear the night he tried to molest her.”
Margaret laughed then “Good for her.  I love that child more each time I hear something about her.  But how does that connect to this?”
“Well, I didn’t think to go look for it, but likely she just spat it out at the time.”
“Ah!  So you think that it was left at the scene and that maybe Edwards found it?”
“Yes, and since Edwards is a vampire, it’s likely that he’s guessed that Aimee is one too, but they don’t have her name.”
“No, but they have the name of Ian and Henri, and they’re investigating the kidnapping of a little girl.”
“Yes.  When Edwards came to my office I gave up Ian’s name as our agent in New York City.  I was just trying to steer the conversation away from the subject of his brother’s death.  That will turn out to have been a mistake on my part.”
“Are we suspected in any way?”
“Not at this time.  Edwards was not well mentored.  As I said, he thinks that I’m human.  I think he’s only recently crossed over.  I suspect that Moreau did that.  He may even have given the names of Henri and Ian to Miles to investigate.”
“Why do you say that?”
“He’s the brother of Aldric Moreau who Ian killed in Austria.  He is likely to be behind all of this.”
“That makes perfect sense.  What of that man with a hook for a hand and that red-headed woman?”
“I don’t know, but Dalton thinks they’re from France.  Maybe an old grudge…mmmm, but maybe they’re survivors; you know…… from one of the raids that the Lafayettes carried out over there?”
“That seems likely.  If they tangled with the Lafayettes they should both be thankful to be alive” she said while laughing.
“Maybe that’s how that one fellow got the silver hook he wears for a hand now.  If they try something here, they’ll wish they hadn’t.”
“Hmmm; loss of a hand would be a reason to seek revenge.  Do we need more than the six Adepts we have staying here now?”
“No.  But you’re always to have no fewer than three of them armed and with you when I’m not around.  And don’t have anyone in our home that we don’t know until this is over.  I’ll continue to have two with me at all times at the bank.  I have to get a dispatch to Henri regarding all of this.  I just did send him a packet of letters from Ian.”
“Do you think they’re stupid enough to move against the Lafayettes in France?”
Laughing then he said “It’s hard to imagine any vampire being that stupid, but I’ll warn them anyway.  I wonder if they’ll pursue Ian in America.  I’ll send notice to him as well.”

Chapter 15
Ian handed the sealed package to Captain Mcwhertor as he was making his last inspection prior to departing from New York Harbor.  “I’ll see that Mr. Milliken receives this package Mr. McCloud.”
Ian knew that the man would make good on it, being as Milliken held the title to his ship, and to the ships of eleven other traders on Ian’s list as well.  “Have a good voyage then, sir.”
“And a good day to you too, sir.”
Ian turned and walked down the gangplank.  Looking to the north he saw some British soldiers arriving at the wharf area.  He laughed to himself as he thought they’re looking for two bankers, and not for one frontiersman.  He and James had separated before daylight for that reason.  James wanted to speak to Laura before leaving if it didn’t look to be too risky and Ian had wanted to post all of his letters to home before they departed.  They had arranged to meet at a dock frequented mostly by local fishermen and trappers.  Ian and James would blend in with the regulars with the clothing they were wearing.
Shouldering his rucksack he walked past the soldiers as they went from ship to ship asking about two young men traveling together.  He wore buckskin pants and a brown linsey-woolsey home-spun shirt, complete with a broad-brimmed hat and a large hunting knife in a sheath at his side.  Finishing that frontier look were well-made boots that almost looked like moccasins, with fringed tops, tied tight with rawhide just below the knees.
Within an easy hour, he was at the fisher’s wharf area and had settled into a chair at a local tavern, seated near a window so as to watch for James to arrive.  He nursed a pint of ale as he took stock of the events of the preceding days and of their success at moving all of the funds to safety.  By now, Grundy knew they were gone and likely was trying to turn New York City upside down to find them.  James would have to be quite careful.
It was some forty minutes when he saw James making his way along the wharf, similarly dressed as Ian.  He blended in well and it appeared as if he wasn’t being followed.  By prior arrangement, he settled himself on a barrel near the water’s edge and pulled out a piece of wood and began to whittle.  That was the sign that he had not seen anyone following him.  So they sat patiently watching the way he had come.  In some ten minutes, no one looked out of place so Ian ventured out and joined him.  Soon they were rowing away from shore in their recently purchased dory, heading west across the Hudson.
“Did you get to see Laura?”
“No.  And it was too risky to approach her house.”
“Rebecca will tell her everything that she knows so she’ll know that we got away.  Likely they think we were gone last night anyway, so she won’t be too worried.”
“Are you looking forward to seeing Boston?”
“Yes, and the frontier even more.”
“We’re not buying another building in Boston are we?”
Laughing Ian said “Hardly.  We should hide the rest of our funds in that area though.  Who knows where we will be from time to time?”
“I’m impressed that you thought to have our wagon modified.”  He spoke of the wagon that they had bought and had modified to have a false bottom.  It awaited them in Hoboken at a carpenter’s shop.
Within three hours the two were departing from the carpenter’s shop.  The silver and gold coins a little further north were safely hidden under a rock so large that it had taken the two of them to move it the night before.  Within around a half an hour the two arrived at the wooded site where they had concealed the rest of their funds, and within only another half hour they had retrieved it and secured it in the false bottom of the wagon.  In only an hour after that, they’d gone to a local tannery which James had found while they’d been hunting and scouting the area one night.  They bought a medium load of green hides there and a heavy waxed cotton tarpaulin to cover the smelly load.  After the hides were loaded and the tarp tied down, the two departed heading north.  A load of stinking hides piled high in the back would assure that neither curious redcoats nor patriot militiamen would be too anxious to search the wagon for contraband.  The tarpaulin helped a lot in keeping the smell of the hides minimized.  The two looked to be just two more of the rugged frontiersmen who sometimes made their ways to coastal cities of the colonies to trade.
 They had both purchased long rifles, made in Lancaster Pennsylvania.  Powder and shot aplenty had been bought at that time and all was concealed beneath the false bottom of the wagon with their funds.  They also had two of the commonly seen ‘Brown Bessie’ English muskets visible behind the seat and both had commonly used flintlock pistols stuck in their waistbands as well.  It was deemed best to conceal the long rifles because the British had a real fear of them and they were not above confiscating one.
Ian had given their dory to the carpenter with the provision that it be available for them to use in the future.  It was to be kept at the carpenter’s home which fronted on the Hudson on a seventeen acre plot of land.  Ian tipped the man handsomely just to be especially forgetful should agents of the Crown come asking questions.  The man was a patriot, hating the occupation and the increase of taxes and so was not likely to be sharing secrets with any redcoats or strangers.
The two made slow but steady progress toward the north in their wagon.  James had bought two young healthy draft horses for the journey and they had just enough gear aboard to make it look as if they were only two frontiersmen who camped wherever they found themselves each night.  Ian figured that it would take them nearly a month plodding along as they were.  Both he and James were in no hurry, and in fact they were enjoying seeing the scenery unfold mile after mile.
***
 “What do you mean they can’t be found?” shouted Colonel Grundy at the top of his voice.  Angrily he swept the entire contents of his desktop off of it with a swipe of his hand as he rose from the chair, face red with rage.
“Sir we have every available man watching the wharves and we have men watching the bank, the boarding house, as well as the Millhouse and Davis homes.”
“Well, at least we confiscated their funds.  Have you totaled the amount we took yet?”
“Sir, there were no funds.  The safe was found standing open and empty.  We searched the place from top to bottom and came up empty-handed.”
“What?” he roared in anger.  “No funds at all?  How can that be?  Someone is aiding them.  We’ll find who is conspiring and helping them and prosecute them too, so help me God!”  How could they have gotten away cleanly and with all of that money to boot?  They must have started some time ago to move that much gold and silver.  Who has helped them?
“Sir, shouldn’t you tell Colonel Davis that you’re watching his home?” asked the young captain.
“I’ll be the judge of procedures in this matter, captain.  Keep looking and asking.  Someone somewhere has seen them.  We have only to find that person.  Now get out of here and get me some results!”  The young captain saluted smartly and hastily departed, closing the door of Grundy’s office softly as he left.
Within minutes Grundy and a small detachment of Royal Marines were enroute to the Millhouse mansion.  His anger and frustration consumed him, burning within him as an unquenchable flame.  Before dark, he had had the home, grounds, and two outbuildings searched.  The three ladies and the staff stood by stone-faced and spoke not a word to him after their initial greeting.  He made an attempt at some humility before departing, but Thelma Millhouse spoke not a word to him, only staring coldly into his eyes while thinking you’re going to find out eventually that a widow can write letters and that this widow can write letters to people in high places.  One day I will have you before your superiors for this day’s work; have no doubt of that!

Chapter 16
 “Land ho” shouted the lookout from the crow’s nest.  Everyone aboard the merchantman Elsie’s Cloud paused to look westward then in anticipation.  It had been a long voyage against strong westerly winds and none of them had ever seen the new world.
Stu came quickly up to the aft deck and joined Cosette and Angus at the helm, asking how long before they were at their anchorage.
“Likely nine hours, laddie.  New York City’s at the other end of this island.”  Before land was sighted they knew they were close as they had been seeing a lot more seagulls than usual that morning.  Cosette peered toward the horizon, her brow furrowed in thought, a look of longing in her exquisite gray eyes.  The very thought of a reunion with Ian caused her to feel a flush of emotional heat.  She longed to peer into his frosty blue eyes and savored the thought of the indescribable surprise she would see in them.  She allowed herself then to go back in her memories to the feel of his arms around her and the taste of his kisses on her lips.  Oh Ian!  It has been so long!  How I’ve longed for you!  Will I see you this day at long last?
Armando joined them then, saying “Less than nine hours in this wind, Cosette.  We’ll all dine this evening in the New World.”  Only those three at the helm knew that Cosette wasn’t human.  It seemed that God had smiled on her then, putting the mid morning sun behind a thick blanket of clouds that formed a solid color to the western horizon.  It looked as if it stayed a solid overcast, she could be on deck to see their entrance into New York Harbor.
“It can’t come too soon for me.”  She turned to the three then, saying “I’ll forever be grateful to you for this….for bringing me, and for all of the time we spent together coming across.”  She reached to Armando and embraced him first, and then Stuart, and finally she came close beside Angus at the helm and took his arm, laying her head upon his shoulder.  “Thank you again, Angus.”
The time passed too slowly for all of them, but in less nine hours they dropped anchor in New York harbor.  Elsie’s longboat and eight crewmen took them to shore, and soon they were making their way to the harbormaster’s quarters to register.  All of them peered about at the strange city.  Many crude buildings made of logs and local stone abounded.  It was a bustling place; however it was not near as big as London or Paris, but was rivaling Edinburg already in size if not in population or quality of its major buildings.
Within the hour they had concluded the business with the harbormaster and had met a customs man who was to board the ship the next morning.  They were free to see the sights, so soon enough Cosette, Angus, Armando, and Stuart were in a carriage heading to the Milliken Merchant’s Bank of New York.  The driver of the carriage was a bit unsure of its location at first, and then he remembered that it had begun life as the New York Mercantile Exchange.
They were there in some fifteen minutes, but as they neared it the four knew that something wasn’t right.  There were British soldiers all about the place and even a single guard at the door itself.  Angus and Cosette walked to the door and asked to speak to the commanding officer.  In less than two minutes a young lieutenant who introduced himself as Allen Walker came out to ask how he could help them.
Angus stepped forward smiling and offering his hand, saying “I’m Captain Angus McCloud and we’ve just arrived from Edinburg.  I’m seeking my nephew, Ian McCloud.  He is an agent of Robert Milliken of London sent to start a bank in New York City.”
“I see sir.  You say you just arrived?”
“Yes.”
“Well sir, Ian McCloud and his companion James Barrows are wanted for questioning by the high command of his Majesty’s forces in North America.”
Cosette felt her heart sink at this revelation.  She thought what’s happened to cause this?
Angus replied “Wanted for questioning?  Whatever for?  Ian didn’t know a single soul in North America until he came here a few weeks ago.  What could he possibly know in that short of a time?  And why are so many troops here?”
“Mr. McCloud, this building has been taken over for billeting troops of His Majesty’s Armed forces.  As for what he’s wanted for, I’m not certain.  We came here only this morning to take him and Mr. Barrows into custody and to serve notice of their eviction as well.”
“Eviction?  Good heavens Lieutenant Walker there has to be a mistake.  Ian McCloud was sent here to establish this very bank by Robert Milliken and his papers bore the seal of the Crown itself.  I didn’t know that New York was occupied.  We thought that only Boston was.”
“Well, New York City is not occupied officially.  It is still officially under civilian authority, but this is some sort of special circumstance and truly it’s not the norm for something like this to happen.  You might well take it up with the High Command at Government House in the morning Mr. McCloud.  I do wish that I could be of more help.”
“So you don’t know where Ian and James are staying then, Lieutenant?”
“No ma’am, I don’t.  The last place we knew of was here at the bank itself.  We came here this morning only to find them both gone and the safe opened and empty of all funds.  We’re searching actively even now for both of them.”
“Isn’t it a bit unusual for two bankers to camp out in a bank building?”
“I can’t comment on that, Ma’am.  They were living at Bessies Boarding House only a few days ago though.”
“They left a boarding house to live here?”
“Well, not exactly ma’am.  They were evicted from that place too by order of the High Command.”
“What?  You said that New York was under civilian rule.  A boarding house was taken over by the Crown too?  How many buildings have you taken over for the crown to billet troops, sir?”
“Ma’am, I only know of Bessies and this one.”
Angus spoke then, saying “Why that is an outrage, sir.  Only the places where Ian and James lived were taken over out of all of New York City?  My God who is the lunatic in charge of this asylum?”
“Sir that would be Colonel Harold Grundy.  He’s the ranking officer in New York City right now.  You could ask for an appointment to see him tomorrow at Government House.  Perhaps he can be of assistance.  This is beyond my experience and I’ve been here some eighteen months now.  I do wish that I knew more sir.”
Seeing that they were at an impasse, the four of them looked at each other, and then Cosette stepped forward smiling “You’ve been as helpful as you could be Lieutenant Walker.  Thank you and good evening.  She turned and climbed into the carriage, followed by the other three, all of them shaking their heads.
Cosette spoke to the driver then, saying “Driver, do you know the way to Bessie’s Boarding House?”

Chapter 17
As dusk drew near, Ian and James decided to look for a stream where their horses could be watered and allowed to rest for the night.  Making good time for being in a horse-drawn wagon they had only once passed a small company of militia some two days ago.  Those had been traveling south and James pulled the team off of the road to allow them to pass.  The commanding officer nodded curtly to them as his column passed, taking them for trappers or frontiersmen on their way somewhere with a load of smelly hides to sell.
They were somewhere south of the settlement of Harrison and James was letting the two horses plod along at their own pace.  Ian heard the trickle of a small stream so they slowed and he jumped down to lead the horses into a brushy copse alongside of a stream.  It was flat and grassy all around the stream so the two soon had the horses uncoupled from the wagon and they were grazing as darkness overtook them.
“James, you hunted last night so I’ll hunt tonight.”  James nodded and handed his flasks to Ian.  They had alternated hunting since starting due to having a sizable amount of gold and silver to keep watch over.  As Ian departed James was measuring a portion of oats for their two horses.
Soon Ian was rocketing through the woods toward the west until he came upon the scent of rabbit.  Within some twenty minutes he had bagged four and had bled them.  Packing up to return to their campsite, he paused, certain that he had heard a scream.  In seconds he heard it again and rocketed toward the sound, moving through the dark woods like a flash.
The yet-distant glow of a campfire could just be discerned as he leapt a stream without slowing.  Upon entering a small clearing he saw a large man atop a woman who struggled valiantly.  The man reared back and slapped her viciously across her face just before he was lifted bodily and tossed like a rag doll some twenty feet to land on his back.
Ian turned and extended a hand to help the woman to her feet and only then saw that she was naked.  He quickly shrugged off his ruck sack and stripped off his shirt, handing it to her.  She recoiled from him in fear so he smiled reassuringly and just handed the shirt to her.
By then the man had gotten to his feet and was running full tilt towards Ian cursing, his brawny arms outstretched.  Ian merely grasped one of his outstretched arms at the wrist and turning swiftly he slammed his hip into the stomach of the attacker and threw him high into the air to crash to the ground some twenty feet away.  The giant shook his head and looked around, wondering how he had been so easily tossed so far, but drawing a large hunting knife from its scabbard at his side, he advanced carefully, an evil smile on his face.
Seeing that Ian was not as big as he, and had not yet even drawn his own knife, the man said “You’ve made your last mistake, trapper.”  He rushed Ian then, and was surprisingly fast for such a big man.  Accustomed to winning any fight he chose to enter, the man had long been feared on the frontier as a rough and tumble fighter of renown.
Ian merely stepped closer and grabbed his knife arm in a grip of steel and slapped the man across his face some six times in rapid succession.  Wrenching the knife from his hand, Ian drove a solid uppercut into the man’s solar plexus, doubling him over to where he lay gasping on the ground, trying to get his breath.
Turning to the woman on the ground, Ian asked “Are you hurt, Ma’am”
She looked wide-eyed at him, not believing what she’d just seen and shook her head, saying "Me…..English no…..speak”
Thinking that he discerned a hint of a French accent, Ian said “Parlez vous Francoise?”
Her eyes brightened immediately as she replied “Oui Monsieur” still wide-eyed in wonderment as she sat on the ground, Ian’s shirt spread modestly over her body.  He smiled reassuringly and speaking in French he said “I am Ian McCloud.”
She nodded, still wide-eyed and sat staring as the man on the ground began to finally breathe easier, his coughing and gasping beginning to subside.  Finally it dawned on her that she was supposed to reply as Ian stood looking expectantly at her, still smiling reassuringly.  She said “I am Moon Owl, of the Seneca people.”
“I’m honored to make your acquaintance, mademoiselle.  What is the meaning of this situation?  Has this man harmed you before now?”
“He killed my husband some six days ago and has kept me bound and gagged ever since.  The only time I’ve been freed is to relieve myself or to be raped.”  Her eyes widened as she saw his eyes suddenly glow a frosty icy blue for an instant and then settle toward a color like that of cracked ice.
Turning to the giant just now standing up and looking for his knife, Ian said “This woman says that you murdered her husband and raped her.”
“I took her from a pantywaist trapper.  Look, if you want to sample some of that, why didn’t you say so?  We can share her after all.”  All the while he spoke his eyes cast about looking for his knife.
“You’re done with rape and murder.”  Ian darted forward reaching out like a snake striking, and taking the man’s head between his two hands he twisted it completely backward, breaking the man’s neck with an audible crack.  Catching his large body as it collapsed, Ian tossed it over his shoulder like it was a blanket and trotted off into the darkness.  Rocketing away for nearly a half mile he encountered a steep ravine and tossed the body into the underbrush that choked it.  In around a minute he had returned to the campsite.  The woman was in the kidnapper’s wagon and was dressing herself.  She peered out and climbed down, walking over to Ian, still wide eyed and handed him his shirt, saying “Merci, monsieur.”
“You are welcome, Moon Owl.  Please do call me Ian.  Are you hungry?”
She nodded, so Ian told her to settle down by the fire.  He smiled reassuringly then, saying “I won’t be gone for long.  I’ll bring food.”  He seemed to nearly vanish then, barely making a sound.  She blinked her eyes in astonishment thinking what a strange man, but so gentle and yet…..so violent too.  Sitting by the fire she wondered if she had really and finally been delivered from the nightmare of the past six days.
She was aware then that he had returned, but she had hardly heard a sound.  A dead rabbit was in his hands and he quickly produced a cord from his rucksack and hung the carcass from a sturdy branch of a large shrub.  Squatting down then he proceeded to gut it and peel the hide off of it faster than she could imagine.  Shortly he had produced a piece of green poplar and using it as a spit, he handed it to her to hold over the fire.  Turning about he cast about the campsite and locating the dead man’s knife, he carried it to the river nearby and washed it.  Handing it to her he said “I have to leave for a bit, but I’ll come back soon.”  He stood then and smiled again reassuringly at her and vanished southward.  She could have sworn that he leapt the 30 foot across the stream without a sound.
Having eaten over half of the rabbit she heard the sounds of a wagon coming.  Ian called out to her in French as he and James approached, leading the horses in the darkness.  The two quickly had their horses out of their harness and tethered near the stream in thick grass.  Approaching her, Ian smiled and said “Moon Owl, this is my friend James Barrow.  James, this is Moon Owl.”  She had stood when the two had entered the clearing, and now smiling timidly she nodded toward James.
“Would you like something more to eat, Moon Owl?”
“No thank you.  I didn’t leave any for you though.”  She thought how do you hunt in the dark?  No one does that.  And the way you tossed that giant around and broke his neck…….
“James and I ate just before dark, so we’ll be fine until morning.  You may sleep by the fire or in your wagon.  One of us will keep watch.”
“I’ve lain in that wagon quite enough.”  Shortly she had returned with two blankets and had rolled herself into them, close to the fire.
“Can you find your people?”
“Yes.  Or at least I can when I get closer to home.”
“We’re traveling to Boston and you’re welcome to come that far with us.”
“Thank you both.  I’d be grateful.”
“When we get our business done, we might even take you to your people if you can wait that long.  It will be wintertime by then though.”
In fact it was quite cool already that year.  Moon Owl knew that they would have to walk there through deep snow and that game would be scarce.  She said “I can wait until springtime if that’s agreeable to you.”
“We have nowhere to be after we’re done at Boston and can stay there until springtime too.”
She nodded with a genuine smile then, thanking them.  As the fire crackled softly, green wood sizzled as it burnt slowly; her eyelids grew heavy and she dropped off to sleep, thinking what a strange turn my life has taken!  And what strange companions I have.  There is something mysterious about these two.  What is it?

Chapter 18
The four vampires sat in the study of what was now Miles Edwards’ home.  Moreau stood and paced the floor, his brow furrowed in thought as the other three watched him.  Finally he spoke, saying “We know that there was a great uproar when a child was kidnapped.  We know that Miles’ brother had a …disposition for children.  Miles has found the remains of a bite taken from what looks like a human ear.  His brother is missing.  I overheard two names spoken in Austria the day after my brother was killed there.  Those two were mentioned by that constable, who was he?”
Yvonne spoke then “Frederick Connors.”
“Thank you, Yvonne.  Connors said that one Henri and Ian were here together, from France.  He also said that a child of the right age and description was seen with those two and others at a concert given by Celeste when she was here.  This Ian is now in America and this Henri is presumably in France again with that child and others of his group.”
Edwards said “shall we go after Henri first then?”
“No.  He’s a well-connected Adept of some importance to be on such a friendly terms with a vampire like Wilhelm Hoffmeister.  He may even be a member of their Council whatever that is.  I can tell you that I’ve never seen such a fighting force in my life.  It will take a lot of planning to exact revenge on him, especially in France.”
Yvonne spoke then, her green eyes glittering “Then we go after this Ian McCloud in America.  He’s alone and we can take him when we find him.”
Edwards said “He’s not alone, but has one companion, a young man by the name of Barrows.”
“Human?”
“Likely” said Edwards.  “Milliken is human, after all.  I doubt he knows anything about vampires.”
Stefan spoke then, holding up his arm with the hook “What of that gray-eyed witch who did this to me.”
Moreau said “I never turned up even one lead on her.  Perhaps she accompanied this Ian and his companion to the New World, or perhaps she lives in France.  She’s likely to be part of this ‘Henri’s’ circle of vampire acquaintances and friends.”  Turning to Yvonne and Stefan he said “How would you two feel about going to the colonies to take care of this Ian McCloud then?”
“He could kill the two of us as easily as one of us could kill two dogs.  I tell you, I saw him fighting and I never saw the like anywhere, ever!”
Moreau looked toward her then saying “So recruit some help after you get there.  Raise up a coven of six or more and set them on him.  You look like a woman who is capable of managing men, Yvonne” he said with a smile.  “After all look at how you milked information from Connors.”
Edwards barked out a laugh but Stefan sat brooding, angry eyes darting back and forth between Moreau and Edwards.
Edwards stood then and said “I’ve taken steps to procure a ship just for that purpose.  Arnaud here has helped me to find a crew for it.  They’re a cutthroat lot, but they’re sailors and some of them have crossed the Atlantic before.  I can have the two of you enroute for the colonies in three days’ time if we can all agree.  I will provide you both with a generous stipend and I will open an account at any bank you choose and deposit five thousand pounds sterling for you to have when you return.  You will also have an account of two thousand pounds sterling to draw on there at Wellington Bank of Commerce in New York City.  I can set that in motion yet today at Wellington’s of London.”
Yvonne looked at Stefan then, her green eyes glittering “Well love, look at how our revenge has fallen into our laps so to speak.  Shall we go to America then?  When will we get another chance like this and one with like-minded friends to help us too” she said with a coy look at Edwards.  Stefan brooded a bit and then raised his eyes to meet hers.  “It appears that we’re going to the New World, Yvonne.”
***
Henri said “Marie, I just got a packet of letters from Ian.”  Marie came quickly and raised her voice “Everyone, come quickly!  We have letters from Ian!”  Little Aimee streaked into the room well ahead of any of the others saying “Oh Marie, is there one for me?  Is there?  Oh please look now, please!”
Laughing excitedly Marie sorted through the pile of correspondence and handed Aimee a letter bearing her name.  Aimee beamed delightedly, and held it to her bosom briefly before opening it.  Her eyes twinkled as she read it, laughing at a joking remark that Ian had made midway through the letter.  She excitedly read it to its conclusion and pressed it to her lips as she finished, beaming at all of the others there, and handing it to Celeste.
Next was one for Henri and Marie which Marie read aloud for all to hear, looking up and smiling occasionally at the others as she read it through.  Finally there was one for everyone else, being Celeste, Louis, Liri, Mustafa, Li, Sophia, Andre, and Jennifer.  Celeste opened it and read it through to its conclusion and turned happily to everyone, saying “Isn’t it wonderful that he and James have already gotten settled and that things are going so well?”
The group talked excitedly then for some thirty minutes, re-examining every detail of each letter.  Liri said “Won’t he be surprised when Cosette arrives!”  Marie said “Oh what I wouldn’t give to see that!  Can’t you just imagine it Celeste!”
“Oh my yes!  The expression in those eyes of his, oh my!  I can just see it now!”  Laughing then Marie said “I’ll wager that they’ll need a more private place to live than a boarding house!”  Everyone laughed at that so Aimee did too, not knowing what was so funny.  Louis handed the baby back to Celeste and took the letter to read through it again.
Aimee noticed that suddenly Celeste was not smiling at all, but was staring off into space with a serious expression on her face.  Marie picked up on it then, saying “what is it Celeste?”
Turning to her she replied “Ian’s not in New York City.  He’s in the countryside even now, going to Boston.  James and someone else are with him.”
Henri said “I would have thought that he would wait until springtime to go there.”  All eyes then looked to Celeste who said in a hushed voice “The crown is after him and James even now.”  Everyone then came close to Celeste, who was holding her baby.  She looked out of the window, not seeing anything there though, as her mind’s eye reached out across the ocean.  “He is safe and well, but in hiding.”
It fell silent then as each processed this information.  Li spoke then “It sounds like whatever happened was no surprise to him.  See how he is staying atop everything, just like he always does.”
Henri spoke then supporting that view as Marie added “He’s obviously been warned or saw trouble developing before it could snare him.”
Li said “I’m encouraged and I know him well.  No one is cooler in a crisis than Ian.”
Henri spoke then saying “Amen to that, Li.  They can set the whole of the British army to looking for Ian, but they won’t find him unless he wills it.”  He was not able to hide the look of concern that had spread over his features at that moment though.  What has happened over there?

Chapter 19
It was mid-October now and snow had already fallen several times.  The three were even now in the outskirts of Boston and were seeking lodging.  One night while Moon Owl slept Ian and James had hidden the gold and silver from the bottom of their wagon under a large rock that only the two of them could move together, some miles west of the Continental Army pickets.  The horses were being led behind their one remaining wagon as they had left their wagon with the false bottom near where their silver and gold were hidden.  They knew that no explanation could be made for such an obvious smuggling device as their wagon should they be stopped by pickets of Washington’s army or the New England Militia.  No doubt either group would seize it and the funds before they could ever get them into Boston past the pickets and road blocks.
They were accorded a courteous pass into the city by Washington’s forces after a thorough search of their one remaining wagon showed no contraband.  Ian and James had prepped, wrapped and stashed their long rifles and special bullets where they had buried the gold and silver for fear of them being taken too.  Soon they settled in a place called Ravens’ Nest Inn and Tavern, just a bit west of Boston proper.  Ian booked two rooms and ordered a hot bath for Moon Owl.  She was overcome with gratitude, being penniless.  But for Ian and James she would be at the tender mercy of an approaching New England winter, stranded in a war zone and far from her native people.
She sank into the hot water with a deep sigh then, thinking again of how fortunate she was for Ian and James to have come along when they had.  What fine men those two are, and both of them are quite handsome too, she thought with a smile.  She shuddered to think of what might have happened had Ian not come into their camp that night.  Whatever was he doing out in the darkness in the middle of nowhere she thought?  During the trip she noticed on many occasions that either of them would go out to hunt, often as not at dusk or after dark and would always come back to camp with game, without exception.  How can they do that?  What is it about those two?
Stepping from the tub finally she regarded the clothing that Ian had bought for her in Stamford.  She had just kept her head down and had allowed Ian to escort her to the room booked for them as Mr. and Mrs. Adam MacCleary.  Ian was more dark-complexioned than she was and the two had attracted no attention.  She was certain that no Indians would be allowed to stay at an inn, so she had agreed to take her meals in her room.  Ian was staying with James, but as Moon Owl thought about it, she would not have minded had Ian stayed in her room.  He was completely trustworthy and so was James.  She had never felt so safe in her life as with these two men.
It seemed that they were in a place where they could stay for the winter if necessary.  Moon Owl knew that she had a disease growing inside of her, being that the itching within her groin area wouldn’t go away.  She longed to be at home among the Seneca where she could seek the help of the medicine man.  The condition had worsened since she had been rescued and she knew that the man who had raped her had given the disease to her.  Day after day she brooded about it and both Ian and James knew that something was bothering her.
One day Ian knocked softly at her door to say that he and James were going out.  It was later in October now and this was an especially warm day compared to the past seven weeks.  They thought that she would like a chance to get away from the Inn for a day for more than just a walk.  He got no response so he tried the door and found it unlocked.  Concerned, he stepped into her room and found her weeping, sitting on the floor in a corner wearing only her slip.
Closing and locking the door, he came to her and knelt behind her, taking her shoulders gently he said “Moon Owl, what’s wrong?”  Startled she gave a little cry and then turned to him and continued to weep in his arms.
“There, there now.  What is it lassie?”
“I have the white man’s disease” she said.
He cupped her face in his hands “What do you mean….I don’t understand.”
She leaned back from him and looked at him with tears streaming down her cheeks and then she pointed to her groin and said again “I have the white man’s disease, Ian.  It’s getting worse every day.”
He realized suddenly what she was describing was venereal disease and said “Ah lass, I understand.”  He gathered her in his arms and rocked her slowly as she wept.  “There, there now.  That’s a good girl.  I’ll see to this.  Just you wait here a bit and I’ll bring medicine.”  He got up and left the room softly, going to the main dining area of the Inn.  He spoke briefly to the serving wench who had already started the stew for the day, asking for some of the broth.
Soon he was carrying it to the room he and James shared.  He then took his knife and cut his arm, forcing a good two tablespoons of his blood into the broth.  Stirring it with the knife, he took it to Moon Owl’s room and knocked softly.  Fully dressed now, she came and unlocked the door, eyeing the bowl in his hand.
“Drink all of this and you’ll soon be well” he said as he handed the bowl to her with a gentle smile.
As she sipped it he said “James and I are going to drive about Boston today.  Would you like to go with us?”
Finishing, she nodded and handed him the bowl.  Noticing that she was already feeling warm inside, she got her coat and scarf and followed him down to the dining area.  James had readied the wagon and was waiting near the front door to the Inn.
Soon they were looking about at all of the many shops and stores and sights of Boston.  As they drove about, Ian and James both resumed their attempt to teach her to speak and to understand English.  They would point out things and give her the French word followed by the English word for the same thing, having her repeat it.  She was bright and motivated, eager to learn and was beginning to speak a little English and had improved noticeably.
Ian had James take them to the wharf where he wanted to look for any of the twelve merchants’ ships that he knew that he could trust with his correspondence.  It was a long shot, but he hoped that one of them might be there.  They walked the docks for over an hour looking at all of the merchantmen there as well as those at anchor out in the harbor and he couldn’t find a one of them.  About to give up he spied the Pickford and recognized it, having seen it in London while there.  It was a two-mast galleon, a medium merchantman.  Deciding to take a chance, he approached the ship’s gangway and hollered “Ahoy there.  Permission to come aboard?”
A slender weathered looking man in a well-worn woolen coat and a battered tri-corner hat came and peered down the gangplank at the trio.  Waving them to come aboard he turned and took a question from one of the crew, turning again as they topped the gangplank.  Ian stepped forward, introducing himself, James, and Moon Owl.  He introduced her as Monique Orleans.  The man smiled then and introduced himself as Tyrone Walker, captain of the Pickford.
Explaining that he had once seen the Pickford in London, Ian asked if he could pay Walker to take a packet of documents to the Edwards-Milliken Bank of London.  The man agreed and Ian said that he’d return with the package the following morning.
“I sail tomorrow, so don’t be too late, Mr. McCloud.  Say, where do I know that name from anyway?”
“Well sir, my uncle Angus sails out of Edinburg, large merchantman named Elsie’s Cloud.  Do you know him?”
“Hah!  I know the story of Elsie’s Cloud and the pirates.  Don’t know that I believe it though.”
“Oh you can believe it all right.  I was there and we sunk one and took the other for a prize.”
“Well glory be to God!  And here you are in the flesh, one of the crew.  You three must come dine with us this evening and tell me the story.”
Ian smiled and agreed to return at seven o’clock that night.  They parted company and once in town, Ian asked James to look about for a blacksmith and ask about who might make and sell swords or sabers.  He announced that he was going to buy paper, quill, and ink so as to draft letters to home.  Moon Owl decided to accompany Ian so they parted from James in front of the Old South Meeting House, agreeing to meet there at two o’clock.
Within only four blocks of the Meeting House they passed a silversmith shop bearing the sign ‘Revere’s Silver Works’ over the entrance.  Pausing there, Ian showed Moon Owl a silver setting, telling her that his mother had one a lot like it.  About that time a gentleman came out the door, locking it and hanging the ‘closed’ sign there.  He turned and smiled, nodding to Ian and Moon Owl.  Ian stepped forward and put out his hand, “Adam MacRae sir.  I was just showing Miss Orleans here your fine work on display.  It reminds me of a setting that my mother in Scotland has.”
“Pleased to meet you, Mr. MacRae, Miss Orleans.  I’m Paul Revere and I own this shop.”  Ian liked the man’s demeanor and appearance.  He looked to be a direct and honest person, with regular features, warm brown eyes and straight black hair.  “I’d like to chat, but I am expected at the South Meeting House soon.  I must be going.  You should stop by sir.  Good day.”  Tipping his hat to Moon Owl he said “Good day Miss Orleans.”  She smiled and curtseyed according to custom.
“Good day to you sir.” said Ian, tipping his hat as well.  Moon Owl giggled after he had departed and Ian looked questioningly at her.  “Monsieur Revere addressed me as if I was a white woman.”  She laughed again and Ian said “I’m glad to see your spirits lifted.”
“I’m feeling better Ian.  Whatever you gave me started to make my insides feel warm back at the Inn and that has not stopped since.”  She was too embarrassed to say that she had had a slight warm glow in her groin area since then.  She took it to mean that healing there had begun.
“That’s a good sign, lassie.  You’ll be cured soon enough I am sure.”
“You’ve used this…. medicine before then?”
“Yes, I’ve given it to children four times and it saved their lives.”  She stopped, causing him to turn to face her.  He merely raised his eyebrows questioningly.
“You and James are strange men, but you’re strange in a good way, Ian.  I owe my life to you and I’m grateful.”
“Nonsense, lassie.  I was once dying and someone had mercy on me and they saved my life.  Likewise for James.  Can we do any less for someone in need?”  She never answered, but stepped forward and put her arms around his waist and laid her head upon his chest for a moment, eyes closed and said “Thank you, Ian.”
He regarded her as they separated.  She was definitely a European-Indian mix, and quite pretty at that, with dark eyes and wavy dark hair.  She had gotten all of the best of both races regarding her features.  He noticed that her hair had red highlights in the sunlight.  Likely a French father.  She could easily pass for Mediterranean French he thought as they resumed walking.  As they walked, she took his arm and said “Ian, what is ‘lassie’?”
He explained as they came upon a dry goods store that sold paper.  After buying quill, ink and paper, he described the area all around Marseille as they walked about the town.  Explaining to her that she must have some knowledge of France in order to disarm any who might guess that she was a Native American Indian.  If asked she was to say that as a little girl she had been brought to Quebec and only had dim recollections of France.
“I want you to know that I’m not ashamed to be with you in public, Moon Owl.  James and I are wanted by the Crown and we can’t allow ourselves to be put in prison.  That’s a matter of life or death, so this masquerade with you posing as a woman of French nationality is necessary.  One or two white men with an Indian would be more likely to be talked about.  That could be dangerous.  Besides, no one is looking for us in the company of a pretty French lady like you.”
She flushed at that, and tightened her grip on his arm, laughing.  He had to admit that it was pleasant to walk with a lady, arm in arm.  He had missed that and excepting for a brief walk with Rebecca Davis the night that they kissed, he had not walked with a lady anywhere since Alandra had died
The Old South Meeting Hall was jammed with people, mostly men.  Soon a man by the name of John Jay took the lectern and spoke at some length of liberty and independence from Great Britain and what must be done to achieve that.  Following him were Benjamin Rush and after him James Madison, who introduced the silversmith Paul Revere, reminding all present that he had ridden to Concord to warn the militia of the British coming to confiscate the armory there.  Revere spoke, reminding all that although the British regulars carried the day and ran off the militia, the armory was saved and that enabled the fighting to go on to this day.  There was a resounding cheer at this as Ian and Moon Owl turned to go to the entrance to meet James.
He was sitting in the wagon and was surprised to see the two come out of the place.  Ian related what he’d heard while inside as they drove back to the Raven’s Nest Inn.  He thought about that as time went on, and had to admit that it was having an effect on him, regarding his feelings about the war.

Chapter 20
Rebecca answered the front door to find Harold Grundy standing there.  He was accompanied by two redcoats who stood, one at each corner of her front stoop.  Doffing his hat, Grundy said “Good morning, Rebecca.  May I come in?”
She curtseyed properly and said “Certainly, Colonel Grundy.  Whatever brings you here at this early hour?  Father has just departed less than an hour ago.”
“I’ve come to interview you concerning the whereabouts of Ian McCloud and James Barrows.”
“I already heard that they’re gone from New York, or presumed gone anyway.  Father told me.  What is it that you think I can help you with?”
“I hoped that you being a loyal subject of King George III would be forthcoming with information regarding his whereabouts.”
“I know only what Papa has told me, and I’ve not seen him since that day at Grover Park.”
She saw him flush slightly at the mention of the day of the duel as he went on, saying “Did your father not tell you that he’s wanted for suspicion of sedition and remarks made against His Majesty’s efforts in the colonies?”
“He did say that, but he doubted the accuracy of that himself.”
 “Why, we all heard him at the gala.  Surely you agree that he spoke treasonously against the crown.”
“’I do not, sir, and neither did Papa or General Gage.  I was there and I know exactly what he said, and so do you.”
“Regarding Gage, he’s resigned his commission and has by now sailed for England.  Regarding Mr. McCloud, if he’s not guilty, why has he fled and taken all of the bank’s money as well?  He is a seditionist, a coward, and a thief Rebecca.  You’re blinded by your misplaced infatuation.”
“I see.  Then you must have a formal and official complaint signed by the bank owner, Mr. Milliken himself?”
“Well, no.”
“I thought not.  You merely added another charge to an innocent man then, correct?”
“Now Rebecca, see here….”
“He is none of those things, Colonel Grundy and you of all people know full well that he is certainly no coward!”
She knew that she had hit the mark with that reply as she saw his face become flushed with anger.  “Very well, Rebecca.  Your hostile attitude will be noted in my report.”
“Really?  Your report?  Surely you’re not foolish enough to document your wasting of the Crown’s military assets in a vengeful personal pursuit.  I seriously doubt that General Howe would endorse your efforts thus far sir.”
She knew that she had hit the mark once again as his flush returned.  He stood then and said “I can see that this meeting will produce no fruit.  Good day, Rebecca.”
“Goodbye, Colonel Grundy.”
As he departed, Rebecca found herself shaking with rage and emotion.  She was near to tears then and returning to the parlor, she collapsed on the sofa and wept for a bit.  Oh Ian!  Where are you?  Are you safe now?
***
Rocketing westward through the great North American wilderness, Ian exulted in his power and speed, anticipating each new sight over the next hill top.  He had asked for three days to roam the wilds after the three of them had rented a small home to the west of Boston.  It was now well into November and snow had fallen several times.  Of course it was simple for a vampire to slip past the pickets at night.
Ian thought of the home they had been so fortunate to find.  It was a tenant’s house, and was snugly built and easy to heat with two wood-burning stoves and a stone hearth for cooking, complete with two iron swing-arms for kettles and pots.  James had learned of it while at the blacksmith’s shop in Boston the previous week.  There was a barn for their horses and James had bought hay too, and had arranged for it to be delivered to their barn.  The house had four rooms and the three had settled in nicely only three days before.  Moon Owl had busied herself setting the place in proper order and hadn’t rested until it was swept clean, the windows washed, and that all of the firewood she could find had been stacked in a dry place.  She couldn’t understand why two white men would help her do her chores.
Ian was amused at his recollections as he suddenly caught the scent of deer.  Slowing to a trot he followed his nose, carefully scanning the brush on the ridge ahead.  He decided to use the long rifle being as he had brought it along anyway.  He eased it from his back and into position, scanning the ridge ahead as he walked slowly.  Finally sighting the buck, he shot it through the head at some five hundred feet.  In seconds he was at the kill, and within three minutes he had filled all four of his flasks.  Using snow, he cleaned his copper catch bowl and stowed it in his rucksack.
About then he heard the sound of footsteps in the snow.  It was quite distant, but he knew that someone was approaching as quietly as they could.  So he settled himself beneath a snow-laden hemlock and waited, his kill now dragged under the same cover.  Presently he saw a fur-clad hunter approach, warily looking about.  The man had a long rifle slung on his shoulder, not at the ready, so Ian felt sure that he wasn’t hostile.  “Good afternoon, friend” he said as the man jerked in surprise at the voice close behind him.  Laughing then Ian continued “I didn’t mean to startle you.”
“Damn it I almost jumped out of my boots!” the stranger said, while laughing at himself.  Ian stepped from beneath the tree into plain view then, extending his hand with a good-natured smile “Ian McCloud.”
The man took off his mitten from his right hand “Darren Roberts, Ian.  Pleased to make your acquaintance and damned glad you’re not a young Iroquois brave!”  Both men laughed then as they shook hands.
Ian said “Are you camped nearby?”
“We’re some two miles to the west.  Why don’t you join us for tonight?  That is unless you need that entire carcass for yourself” he said as he gestured toward the dead buck under the tree.
“Glad to, Mr. Roberts.  No, I don’t need the entire carcass.  I didn’t expect to find anyone here in these parts.”
“Of a truth Mr. McCloud, neither did I!”
“If you’ll carry my rifle, I’ll carry this carcass.”
“Oh surely not, sir.  Let’s cut a limb so we can tie it on and we will share the load.”
Ian tossed his rifle to the man then, saying “I have it.  And please do call me Ian.”  He stepped under the tree and tossed the carcass across his back like it was a blanket and looking at Roberts said “Lead the way, Mr. Roberts.”
Roberts shook his head and said “Please call me Darren, Ian, and follow me then.”
***
The two entered the camp about sundown then.  Ian saw a company of some three hundred men or so, and striding toward them was one of the biggest men he had ever seen.  Ian estimated the giant at some three hundred pounds and easily standing six foot and two inches tall.
“Well Darren, who’ve you brought to dinner this evening?”
Ian stepped forward then without dropping the carcass as Darren introduced him, and then informed Ian that the large man was Colonel Henry Knox.  “Pleased to meet you sir.”
“Not near as pleased as I am, Mr. McCloud.  Some of us will have venison this evening thanks to you.”
“No thanks needed sir.  I didn’t need this entire carcass.”
Looking closely at the kill, Knox nodded curtly at Ian saying “Head shot.  Well done, Mr. McCloud.”
“Please call me Ian sir.  I prefer to kill them this way.  No suffering and no chasing them down either.”
“Quite so, Ian.”  Turning then Colonel Knox bellowed “if you men want to have a bit of extra meat this evening, better get over here and clean this buck now!”  Six men trotted eagerly to relieve Ian of the burden, still across his shoulders.
Looking about him he saw a large number of carts and wagons loaded down with all manner of cannon and mortars.  There were some eighty yoke of oxen and those were being fed even now from the contents of six wagons outfitted strictly for that purpose. 
Ian said “I heard that the continental army had taken Ticonderoga.  This is quite a haul, Colonel Knox.”
“We sorely need them.  Such things are in scarce supply among us.”
“Might these be bound for Boston sir?”
Knox smiled broadly and that turned into a laugh as he said “You don’t miss much, Ian.”
“Well sir, that’s where the British navy is now, and where else would the Continental Army need these more?”
Ian spent the evening listening to the officers talking then, resting easily near a fire, his only blanket wrapped securely about his shoulders, reclining against a rotting tree trunk.  When asked what he was doing there, he spoke truthfully, first telling them that he and a companion were wanted by the British High Command for questioning because of disparaging remarks he had made to some Tories concerning British policy in America.  He added, that he only wanted to see the frontier for himself and had gone exploring, being an experienced hunter.  When asked about getting past the militia pickets, he laughed and admitted that he had slipped past them at night.  Otherwise he spoke only when asked something and got a sense that these were a tough, self-reliant group of men, and that they were determined to get this artillery to Boston no doubt.  He resolved to act as hunter for them if they wanted.
Early the next morning some two hours before daybreak he stole silently from the camp and headed south, but stopped to tell a sentry who he was and that he was going hunting for game.  In less than three miles he came across the scent of deer and shortly had bagged one with a well-placed head shot.  He drained his last two flasks and refilled all four, leaving the kill to scout around for small game.
Within two hours he had eleven rabbits and had them secured on one end of a spruce pole and the deer carcass on the other end.  He rocketed toward the camp then, slowing to a walk when within a half-mile of it and putting on his boots once more.  Just after sunrise he hailed the sentry and then came into camp laden with game.  Several of the men ran to him to take his burden.  Among them was Darren who was astonished.  “Ian.  By Heaven you’ve already made some kills this day and it’s barely an hour into daylight.  I didn’t even hear you fire.”
Ian nodded, only saying “Wind direction.”  Darren noted the head shot and shook his head “Another head shot.  You’re more than lucky with that long rifle my friend.  How on earth did you get those rabbits?”
“Snares.  I couldn’t sleep so I set snares near a game path.”
“At night?”  Roberts said, obviously astounded.
“Well after all Darren, it was a full moon last night.”
Colonel Knox then walked up, looking in astonishment and laughing as he said “I didn’t see you this morning and I feared that maybe you were a Tory spy after all.”
Ian threw back his head and laughed heartily at that.  The morning was spent in good camaraderie as Ian saw the well-disciplined groups harness the animals and start southward, with the artillery and supplies.  As they headed out, he said to Knox “If you can use a hunter, I’ll stay with you for a while and keep you supplied.”
“You have a deal there my friend.  We can use men like you all of the time.  We have food, but we need to make that last as long as possible.  Please do call me Henry unless a lot of others are about, you understand.”
“I do, Henry.  I’ll go on ahead and see what I can scare up before lunchtime.”
By around one o’clock that afternoon, Ian had returned with some eighteen rabbits and one deer.  By evening he had brought three more deer in, along with seventeen rabbits.  Knox and the entire company were astounded and glad too.  It was assumed that he had caught the rabbits with snares being as none were wounded.
Staying with them for a total of five days, he then informed Darren and Henry that he’d be gone for a while.  “I have a companion, a good hunter by the name of James Barrow.  I’ll send him back in my stead for a while.”
“Glad to hear that, Ian.  We can use all of the game we can get.  Thanks to you, I’ve been able to divert some of our hunters to buying grain and hay for our animals.  That alone takes a lot of time.  May I ask you something?”
“Yes.”
“The Continental Army has a special corps of riflemen, a sharpshooter’s corps.  They’re used especially for killing enemy officers in battle.  I’d like to recommend you for that, if you’d agree.  Enlistment is for a year at a time and the pay is terrible.”
“I must decline, Henry.  I have business to attend to in Boston and New York City and obligations too.  I’m happy though to help in other ways.  I can look for places to ford streams and hunt for you when I can be away.  James can do likewise, but I doubt that he’ll want to enlist either.”
“I had to ask.  I figured it was a shame to waste such talent hunting game when we have a war to win.  You’re not offended then?”
“No Henry; not at all.  I’ll be leaving now.”  
“You’re traveling after dark then?”
“I do that a lot” he said and then he shook hands with Knox and with Darren and shouldering his ruck sack and his long rifle, he trotted out of the camp angling eastward.  Soon he was rocketing to the east and within six hours had slipped past the militias’ pickets and was at the tenant house in the west end of Boston.  Knocking softly before entering he found James waiting.  He updated him in hushed tones being as Moon Owl was asleep in her room and heated two kettles of water at the fireplace.  In about an hour he was settling into a hot tub of water and relaxing as James questioned him about the column.
Moon Owl came from her room then although it was not yet daylight and seeing him exclaimed “Ian!  You’re back, mon ami!”  She rushed over to the tub, smiling as Ian drew a towel over himself, laughing.
  He then briefly recounted his adventures to her while he finished bathing and then grabbing the towel he wrapped himself, stood, and went to the room he and James shared so that he could dress.
Moon Owl noted and admired his lean bronze body, thinking that he looked as much like a Seneca brave as a white man excepting for the curly black hair on his chest, arms, and legs, and his close cropped beard.  She flushed as she realized that she found him to be quite desirable.  I suppose that I’ve felt this for some time and just haven’t realized it she thought.  And I’m now healed of the white man’s disease.  How strange that a white man gave me the disease and another took it away!
More quickly than she would have thought possible, Ian had returned fully dressed in his only town clothing.  Sitting down at their only table he spoke, saying “James, Colonel Knox and his men need hunters to keep the column supplied with fresh game.  I’m going to help them until they can get the cannon here.”  He noted that Moon Owl looked a bit disappointed as he continued.  “I thought that we could take turns supplying them through the winter at least.  I told them that you might return in my place.”
“That’s fine with me.  I can be ready to go in the morning.”
Even though Moon Owl had begun to empty the tub with a bucket and had headed to the back door to toss it out, Ian switched to English.  “No James.  You must wait at least a week before leaving.  I only left them last night.”
“Oh!  Of course; I nearly forgot” he laughed as he said “A week is too soon really.”
“No, you can say that we chanced across each other part way and that you agreed to come to them at that time.  They won’t be too concerned as long as they’re getting meat regularly.  I kept them supplied with deer and rabbit.  You’ll need to use your rifle to take the deer though, or shoot them after you make a kill.”
“I understand.  Yes, I want to go.”  Switching back to French as Moon Owl returned then he continued “It sounds like an adventure.  I wouldn’t have thought of hauling all of that artillery through the dead of winter to get it to Boston.  Whose idea was that?”
“I think it was General Washington that ordered it.  He was made supreme commander of the Continental Army this past summer.  It was a shrewd decision.” 
“Do you think they have a chance at winning this war then?”
“Not if they fight head on, army against army.  The British will win that way through attrition alone.”
“Then how can they win?”
“They must choose their battles wisely and be willing to never surrender in order to have any hope.  Most importantly they must deny the British a clear cut victory or conclusion to the war.”
“That makes sense.  The cost of it and the discontent of the people of England will do its work over time, won’t it?”
“Yes.  Time is against the British, and on the side of the colonists.  Say, I have an idea.  Shall we all go to town this evening?”
The two of them looked at Moon Owl with raised eyebrows.  She smiled and nodded, her eyes sparkling.
***
Stefan and Yvonne walked the deck of the two-mast merchantman Brock’s Folly.  Stefan looked westward, peering from beneath his broad-brimmed hat with a scowl on his face.  “This is slow and miserably boring, Yvonne.  We’ll be doing this for weeks.  It’s a wonder that so many go to the New World, seeing as this is the only way they can get there.”
“Cheer up, Stefan.  Think of the day when we have at last found Ian McCloud and killed him.  Won’t that be worth it?”
He sighed then, “Yes, it will be worth it to see his face when he knows that he’s going to die.”  Yvonne thought then of three times that she’d made love with Constable Connors.  She would rather have been making this trip with him than with a wet blanket like Stefan.  At least they could pass some enjoyable time in their quarters.  Connors was not bad at all for a human, and he always was considerate of her feelings when they were together.  In spite of his belief that he was such a ladies’ man, Yvonne found that to be endearing.  She resolved to take up with him again when they passed through London on their way back to France.  There was the matter of distracting Stefan, but she would have a lot of time to devise something.  She felt affection for Stefan, the closest thing to love that she was capable of, but he could be a boor at times too.
She idly wondered how Ian McCloud looked.  She had seen only a tall, mud-smeared man with a beard, wearing all black clothing.  She knew though that she would recognize those eyes if she ever saw them again.  She would never forget their bright frosty-blue glow.  I’ll see you again, McCloud.  I’ll see fear in your eyes one day.

Chapter 21
The week before James went to the frontier was one of great fun for Moon Owl.  Ian had bought her a finely crafted tortoise-shell hair brush, a carved ivory comb, and a large hand-held pewter-cased mirror.  He had taken it to Paul Revere’s shop to have a folding piece fastened to its back so that it could be propped up upon a table for her to look at herself when she arranged her hair.  Ian had brushed it that first time, and had shown her how to arrange it in a bun and pin it properly with pearled hairpins he had bought for her.
She had loved his attention then, as he gently brushed her hair, talking of his family and his childhood.  She could still recall the first time Ian had put her hair into a bun.  She had listened raptly to him telling of his early days sailing on Elsie’s Cloud, loving the timbre of his voice, its gentleness.  When he had finished brushing and pinning her hair, he had gently put his hands on each of her shoulders to center her in front of the mirror where she could see herself and could see his face too.  He wanted to see her expression when she first saw her hair done up as white women did theirs.  She felt the warmth of his touch then and a thrill like a gentle current of electricity passed through her body.  She thought What’s happening to me?  Am I coming to love this man?
James had found another bonnet for her to wear when going into town and she had three dresses now, and two petticoats to boot as well as a new outer coat of fine cashmere wool.  A new pair of fashionable ladies shoes topped off her wardrobe.  Never had she had so many personal possessions and she could count on the fingers of one hand the times she’d ever so enjoyed life.  She had come well along the road of healing following the death of her husband and the brutal harrowing events of her abduction.  Bright and vivacious, she now could be found humming tunes when cleaning their house and laughing at the stories that Ian and James told.  She reminded Ian of a child, coming out of a horrible situation, even though she was a woman of nineteen years.  As he thought of her, Ian realized how much fun it was to have her around.  He knew that he and James would have endured a dreary winter without her.
When the time for James’ departure drew near, he confided to Ian that he was spending his last night in Boston.  He had become quite friendly with a red-haired, petite, pixie-like tavern wench named Melissa.  Although seeing her regularly while Ian was gone, he’d always made sure that Moon Owl was safely at home with two loaded pistols beforehand.
That evening, James said his goodbyes and gave them a rough time frame of about two weeks before returning.  Ian had given him a hand-drawn map and had described various landmarks that he would see along the way.  From what Henry Knox had told him, he was certain that he had made a good guess of where they would be for James to successfully locate them.  They all embraced then as James left to be with Melissa.
Ian added firewood to the two stoves and suggested that they go to town the next day or so for flour and salt.  Moon Owl agreed while washing their dishes in a pan of well water, and he came to dry them and put them on the single shelf in the kitchen.  As they worked, Ian began to tell Moon Owl about his life somewhat after arriving in France.  He told her of meeting Cosette and falling in love with her and marrying her aboard his uncle’s ship.  Some of their travels were discussed and he told her of how Cosette had died in a fire, trying to save a child.  He spoke some of Anna and Alyssa and of his good times with all of his family in France and some of his travels.
They had quickly finished the dishes and both had sat down at the table.  She listened raptly, loving his voice and the way some of his words often had a unique Scottish sound, although he was speaking in French.  He finally got to where he told her about Alandra’s death and that Alandra had been the girl that he and his crewmates had rescued from the pirates.  She only nodded now and then as he spoke, sympathizing with him.  This was the first time ever that she had heard him speak a lot and his story was compelling.
Finally she asked him if he would brush her hair.  Returning to the table she handed him the brush, sitting in a chair with her back to him.  After taking her hair down, he pulled up a chair and sat behind her.  He began to brush it slowly as she spoke to him of her life.  She had a happy childhood among the Seneca, complete with many wonderful childhood memories.  Her mother was a native member of the tribe, albeit she was half-white herself; and her father was a French trapper.  He had been killed by Mohicans and her mother was still alive, living with her people and had taken a second husband who was a stepfather to her.  It was he who had agreed to let another French trapper take Moon Owl for a wife, and she had only been married to Jacques, a good-natured young man, for a few months before being abducted.  Ian realized then that she was one-fourth Seneca, which explained a lot about her features looking more European than Native American.
As he brushed her hair, she reached up and took his free hand and brought it around to her lips, kissing it softly and then pressing her cheek to it, she reached and took his other hand with the brush and kissed it too.  She sat that way for a bit, kissing first one of his hands and then the other, and rubbing them gently across her cheeks.  Turning to him she rose and pushed the chair out of the way and sat down on his lap, looking into his eyes with yearning.  She then took his face gently between her two hands and kissed both of his eyelids, slowly kissing his cheek and moving to his lips finally where she kissed him gently, several times, moving back to his eyelids and then again to his lips.
He reached up and gently grasping her hair behind her head, he pulled her back a bit and fastened his eyes on hers saying “Moon Owl.  There is something about me that you should know.”
Taking his face tenderly between her hands then she said “I know that I’ve come to love you, Ian McCloud.  I know that you’re a very good man, a trustworthy man.  I know that you hurt for the deaths of your wives.  I hurt for the death of my husband.  What else is there to know?”
“I’m not like others.”
“You and James are different than any men I ever saw or knew.” she said as she gently began to kiss his face again.
“I mean that I’m not human.”
She paused to pull back and look into his eyes as the wind outside suddenly became stronger, making a low moaning sound.  “What do you mean, Ian?  Of course you’re human.  Have you not lived with me all of these weeks?”
“I’m not human, nor is James.”
“Ian, I don’t understand.”
“I was bitten once by another such as myself and became infected.  I was saved by Cosette.”
“I….I don’t understand….bitten…infected…Ian, what…?”
“Cosette wasn’t human either, Moon Owl.  She was as I am, as James is.  She gave me her blood and saved me after I’d been bitten.  James was deathly ill, dying really; and another of us bit him and gave of his blood also in order to save his life.”
“So you were human and now you’re not?”
“Yes.”  There followed a silent spell then during which only the wind outside of the tenant house could be heard, whipping about the gables of the building.  She sat; loving the close contact of his body with hers, its warmth seeping into her was like an aphrodisiac of sorts.  She loved the sound of his voice softly falling on her ear as it was with her head on his shoulder.  He nuzzled her a bit, softly kissing her forehead, absently stroking her hair.
“I gave you my blood, a little bit, to cure you of the white man’s disease.”
Again it fell silent, the only sound being the wind outside.  Finally she spoke, saying “Will I not be human any longer?”
“No lass.  That’s not how it works.  You must be bitten by one like me and also take our blood.  That’s the only way.”
“You’re very strong and very fast too.”
“Yes, we are, but we lose important things too when we cross over.”
“What….what things did you lose, Ian?”
“I lost my humanity, I can never have children.  Most of us can’t walk uncovered in sunlight and really it takes a lot of painful adjusting to be even able to tolerate daylight on a cloudy day.”
“But Ian, I see you all of the time in sunlight.”
“Among our kind, I’m a freak.  I can take direct sunlight for around four hours at a time.  James would burn up in less than two minutes in sunlight.  That’s why he nearly always has on a hat and gloves.  There is more.”
“Tell me everything.”
“We must drink blood to live.”
A log settled in one of the two stoves as if to accentuate what he had just said.  They sat in silence then as the wind picked up a bit and whistled about the gables of the house.
“You must drink blood?  Human blood?”
“No!  That is an abomination to many of us!  We drink the blood of animals, or many of us do anyway.  We can eat food too if we are imprinted properly, but we don’t need it to live.”  
“So all of the times we ate together…”
“James and I only eat meals with you to make you feel more at home while you’re with us.  We do like human food though.  I eat mostly because I like to even though I don’t need to.”
“Are there a lot of you among the whites?”
“No.  James and I may be the only two of our kind in the colonies.  There are a lot more of us in the great cities of Europe, across the sea.  Still, we are relatively few compared to the humans there.  I have a family there, mostly like me, but some humans too.”
“Humans live with your family?”
“Yes.  I love them dearly; really I love them as much as I love my human family in Scotland.”
“Will you go to your family when you’re through here then?”
“At some point, I’ll go to them, yes.  We’re planning to move to America, all of us.  It’s complicated, really, but I’m here in advance to set up two banks.  My family will own part of them, and I was doing that when I became a hunted man in New York City.”
“So you’ll return to your family over there, but you’ll all move here some day?”
“Yes.  I love them and I don’t want to stay separated from them forever, just as you don’t want to remain separated from the Seneca forever.  I have a duty to complete the work that I came here to do for them.  The war has stopped that, but one day that will end, and I’ll do what I came here to do.
“I understand.  You should do what you promised.  It is only right.”
“There’s more about us that you should know.  We never age.  In a thousand years I’ll still look like this.  We must always lie to those humans we love.  It is a way of life for us, and for anyone we include in our lives as well.”
She sat on his lap digesting all of this, her head resting on his shoulder, her face turned toward his.  I remember now how his eyes glowed right before he killed that man.  He is strange after all, but how gentle and thoughtful he is…..After a moment then she lifted her head, and looking into his eyes she said “I love you Ian no matter what you are.  Love me, please.”  She then kissed him and began to be more passionate, pressing her body to his, hungrily kissing his lips and peppering his face and eyelids with little kisses as he responded in kind.  His tongue gently teased her lips until she parted them as their two tongues met, each caressing the other gently.  She tipped her head back as he softly kissed her throat, nuzzling her neck and kissing her ear gently as she moaned softly, clutching at him, drawing him to her.
Standing he carried her into her room, lowering her onto the bed and began to undress her slowly as she helped undress him.  They caressed and kissed each other as they undressed and gently, they made love then.  In moments it became urgently passionate and each was lost in the wonder of it as they only sought to please each other.
Afterward, she lay in his arms, her hair spilled all about his face.  Still breathing deeply she gently kissed one of his hands as he stroked her head gently, caressingly.  “Oh Ian, that was wonderful!  I…I didn’t know if I could do that ever again because of what that man did to me.  I….I’m so grateful….I… oh thank you for saving me that day and thank you for making me whole again.”
“Ah, lass.  You’ve helped me too.  I have hurt for some time now and you’ve taken some of that away.”  She dozed off then in his arms.  He lay there listening to her breathing, thinking what a sweet and lovely young woman!  What future have I to offer her?  Sitting among people alien to her culture while James and I are God knows where for who knows how long.  She deserves better.  She needs to be with her people.  I can’t stand the thought of leaving her here or in any colony alone.  I’ll take her to her people in the springtime as I promised.
Within the hour, she awakened and they again made love.  This time it was far slower and lasted quite a bit longer.  She softly wept for joy afterward, snuggling in his arms as the wind began to howl outside.  Sleep came softly then as she held one of his hands to her lips.
Chapter 22
Terrence Dalton sat waiting in Robert Milliken’s outer office in London.  He saw a man leaving then that he knew was a member of Parliament as the receptionist summoned him to the inner offices.  Milliken was standing looking out of the window when he came in.
“Please be seated, Mr. Dalton.  What is new in this affair?”
“Sir, recently the red-headed lady and the man with the hook sailed for the Colonies as you already know.”
“Yes.”
“Miles Edwards meets at times with Arnaud Moreau, usually at Edwards’ home.  I believe that they’re supporting those other two.  A friend of a friend at Wellington Bank told me of a line of credit that they made for the two and that it was to be extended to New York City.”
“I see.”
“That line of credit is for two thousand pounds sterling.  There is also a deposit now in the names of those two in the amount of five thousand pounds sterling, here in London.”
Turning to Dalton, Milliken raised his eyebrows and said “Really!  Imagine that now!  Hmmm.”
“I followed another man whom I didn’t know leaving a meeting with those two and he took a packet boat across the channel to Calais, in France.  Sir, I think that they’ve begun an investigation of this man Henri, whoever he is.”
“Indeed they have.  Very good, Dalton.  Anything else?”
“No sir.”
“Very well then.  I want you to now go to number 14 Grosvenor Square and talk to Cynthia Robbins.  Mention my name and sit down with her and give her a detailed description of what this man that went to France looked like.  Then give her a detailed description of what Moreau and Edwards look like.  I want height, build, estimated weight, facial features.  You will stay there until she has completed the portraits to your satisfaction.  She works very fast and she is a gifted portrait artist who will render lifelike drawings of these three.  I want two drawings of each person.  I’ll pay her and pick them up myself.  She is to drop everything and do all three drawings immediately per my say so.  Understood?”
“Yes sir.”
 “Daily briefings will be continued.”  Fastening his eyes on Dalton then Milliken said “Don’t forget for a minute how dangerous these two are.  No following them at night no matter what, and don’t put yourself in a boxed in place with no escape.  If they catch you, they’ll kill you.  Is that understood?”
“Y…yes sir.  I’ll be careful.”
“That’s a good chap.  Good day then, Dalton.”
“Good day sir.”
He pondered all that he had heard as he looked out of the window at another day of drizzling rain.  I’ll have to get a priority message to Henri on this one.  They’re taking it to him in France after all.  Likely just gathering information right now.  First locate him, and then find out who is about day in and day out, weaknesses, traveling habits, etc.  He’ll know how to prepare, and most importantly they won’t know that we’re on to them.  Henri and the rest will all be at the chateau for the winter.  No one is checking on me yet.  That ink bottle trick worked well.

Chapter 23
Ian had decided to stay away from the South Meeting House, Faneuil Hall, and other known patriot hot spots.  Reasoning that agents of the Crown would be watching those places, it seemed wise to keep Moon Owl away from the place and who knew if Grundy had sketches of James and him made and circulated in Boston?  Why should she be exposed to danger for things of their doing, not to mention that she could be seized and used to force the two to surrender themselves?  That could force them to expose themselves as not being human and that was unacceptable.
So instead they had forayed into Boston at times as a couple and he’d decided to maintain his cover as Adam MacRae and hers as Monique Orleans.  If asked they agreed to say that they were staying at various inns throughout the area and would in turn ask about where they might rent a place.  Ian was adamant that no one in Boston know where they were living.  Whoever asked Moon Owl about herself would be told that she was originally from the Marseille area of southern France, but came to Quebec as a child.  That would hold up to all but the closest scrutiny and would suffice to defuse any casual curiosity on the part of anyone.  The tenant’s house they’d leased for the year was safe, being fairly remote with no neighbors nearby.  The farm itself was owned by an elderly couple who could no longer work the land and who were only too glad to have all of the rent paid in advance through April of the next year.  Their sons were both in the Continental Army and would return to work the land when the war was over.  The couple had only had seen James dressed as a frontiersman, so Ian felt that they were in a secure location.
He bought a used violin of mediocre quality and began to play it of an evening for Moon Owl.  As he would hum a tune, he would teach her to dance a simple minuet.  She was promised that when James returned to play for them that they would dance to the music.
“Ian, why do you teach me the dance of white people?”
He pulled her to him then, kissing her tenderly and then smiling down at her he said “One evening yet while we’re in Boston I will try to find a way for us to attend a ball, and we shall go there and dance together.”  She brightened noticeably as they separated, and laughed at the idea of attending a dance which only allowed white people.  Ian walked to her room and returned with a pair of folded blankets.
“Ian, isn’t that a naughty thing to do, to deceive all of those people just to take an Indian woman to a dance?”
Chuckling then he nodded in agreement as he spread the two blankets before the larger of the two stoves, opening its doors to allow the dancing light of the fire to illuminate the cabin.  He drew her to him and tenderly kissed her, moving his lips to her ear, and gently down the curve of her throat as he murmured “I have something else naughty in mind right now, Miss Orleans.”
Moon Owl gave a throaty little laugh and said “You’d better show me then, and it had better be right away.”  They made love then on the floor before the parlor stove as the fire crackled cheerfully.  Dancing shadows were cast all about the interior of the cabin as the wind whispered softly about the windowpanes, blending with their soft whispers of love.
***
Cosette embraced each of the officers of Elsie’s Cloud, saying her goodbyes and thanking them all.  She stopped to talk briefly with each, sharing a remembered moment with each of them.  They smiled warmly to a man, even old Gunny; and more than a few of them were a bit teary-eyed.  They had truly embraced Cosette on the long voyage, and now greatly appreciated her as a personal friend and not only as the wife of their dear friend, Ian.  Lastly she turned to Angus and smiling sweetly she embrace him as well, saying “We’ll find him, Angus.  I won’t rest until we do.”
Grasping her shoulders he peered into her exquisite gray eyes, saying “Aye lassie, that you will, I have no doubt.  And it really is a good thing for Stuart to stay here with you.  I’m glad he volunteered now that I’ve had time to get used to the idea.”
Stuart then stepped forward, embracing his uncle in a mighty bear hug.  They slapped each other on their backs heartily as Angus gave a forced smile.  “I will deliver all of the letters to Mr. Milliken as soon as we get to London, and his bank couriers will get those that have to do with the Lafayette family to them.  Milliken is a good man for us to have in London, and with you two here, we’ll have this mystery solved soon enough.  May God bless you and all of your efforts, Cosette.”
“God bless you Angus” she said and turning to the officers assembled she said “And God bless all of you.  Goodbye.”  She waved farewell once and then turned and walked down the gangplank with Stuart.
In only minutes the gangplank was withdrawn.  Angus called “Cast off!” and immediately some twenty crewman pushed Elsie away from the dock with long poles, as likewise twelve dock workers did from the dock itself.  “Drop mainsails!”  The crew aloft untied and dropped the mainsails with a series of ‘whump’ sounds, and then they billowed full, propelling Elsie out from the loading dock.
The two stood waving as Elsie made her way out into the harbor, turning gracefully out to sea as the rest of her sails were unfurled.  In a quarter hour, she appeared to be no larger than a rowboat as she moved toward the southeast toward the Narrows.
***
Rebecca Davis sat in the parlor of the Millhouse home with her friend Laura and her mother and Aunt Thelma.  They had been discussing news of the war and having tea.
Rebecca said “But remember now that in August the King officially declared that the colonies were in rebellion, and again formally denied them representation.  They officially had said that they wanted reconciliation with the King and for him to enforce the British Constitution and allow them representation in Parliament.  Now we hear that he has reinforced that declaration and declared all of the members of the Congress as traitors.  This war now won’t be concluded peacefully.”
“But dear, surely there’s still hope for a negotiated end of this war.”
Laura spoke then, saying “Aunt Thelma, already the colonists control nearly all of the land and population, and the new congress is winning people to their side daily.  I hear it openly spoken in the marketplaces when I’m out.  I’m certain that we’ll be at war here for some years to come now.  The colonists are more and more feeling as if their backs are to the wall over this.”
Rebecca spoke again saying “Don’t forget that France, Spain, and even the Dutch would not miss a chance to get a piece of North America back if they see an opportunity.  What if the continental army can hold on long enough to entice one or more of those countries to attack?”
“Oh dear now don’t forget that we British have beaten them before and….”  The sound of the massive brass door knocker interrupted her but Rebecca said “I’ll get it Aunt Thelma.  She was so close to Laura that for years she had been encouraged to refer to Thelma as ‘Aunt Thelma’ although they weren’t related at all.
Rebecca was at the door before the butler could get to it, and her heart skipped a beat when she saw a tall, dark-haired young man standing behind a beautiful lady wearing a broad-brimmed hat.  Quickly she pulled open the massive door exclaiming “Ian!” as she stepped quickly outside smiling.  Suddenly stopping she realized that the tall man wasn’t Ian, although he looked like him.  She said “Please excuse me.  I thought that you were someone else.”  Turning to Cosette, she said “Hello, I’m Rebecca Davis.  You must want to see Mrs. Millhouse.  Please come in and I’ll get her.”
Cosette smiled sweetly and said “Hello Miss Davis.  I am Cosette McCloud, Ian’s wife.”

Chapter 24
Rocketing to the west in the faltering light, Ian replayed the events of the past week in his mind.  He was growing from having an affectionate regard for Moon Owl to loving her.  She had been as glad to see James return as he had, and had enthusiastically embraced learning to dance the minuet to music at last.  She would take turns dancing with James and Ian as either would play the violin.
Their excursions into Boston were always greatly looked forward to by Moon Owl and she was a delightful companion.  These forays were more serious affairs for both James and Ian, what with their preoccupation with being wanted by the British High Command, so they were always a bit tense and keenly observant on these occasions.
Ian smiled as he thought about how childlike she was in some ways.  He had come to love seeing her reaction as she might see something that she had never seen before.  No doubt she was a far different person than the broken dispirited woman they had rescued that night in September.  She had become delightfully vivacious and engaging, curious about everything new to her.
He had a dread of parting from her when he would take her to the Seneca people, and he felt guilt at how intimate they had become.  Nonetheless, even that was a part of her healing when taken in context with the brutality of her captivity.  He supposed it was all for the better for her, but he still felt bad that she would be hurting when they finally did part.  And he didn’t deny that he didn’t want to part from her at all, but he knew that he could never focus on what needed doing if he had to worry about her well-being when he was away.  Given the circumstances it was for the best that she stay with her people.
It was dark now and Ian topped a ridge, rocketing along the top of it toward its highest point and stopping briefly to shed his pack, rucksack and rifle he leapt into a tall balsam tree and in seconds was near its top peering all about.  It turned out that this was a good place to stop for a good look, because he saw campfires back the way he had come, but a bit further south.
Now down and moving toward the camp some three miles away, he began to seek game.  Within a half hour he detected the scent of deer.  In only minutes he had narrowed the location down to a dense thicket with snow drifted up around its southern side.  He silently glided to within a few yards of some eight deer, and sprang like lightning, snapping the neck of the largest, being a mature buck.  The others scattered, but he easily ran down two more and cleanly broke their necks.
After filling his copper flasks, he quickly loaded and discharged his pistol into one’s head.  Cutting down a spruce tree with the steel tomahawk at his belt, he trimmed it and then he found some elm saplings to strip bark for tying two of his kills to transport them.  Field-dressing all three, he then hung the buck in plain sight.  He would take the two does into camp and send two men back to find the buck in the morning, if wolves didn’t find it first.  Shooting another one in its head then, he picked up the load and bounded away toward the encampment, still a good mile away.  Stopping before getting there, he shot the last doe in the head.  This way all three would be apparently killed with head shots for all appearances.  There was already enough incredulity at the hunting skills both he and James had displayed so this was necessary to keep suspicions at bay.
Smelling the sentry before he could even hear Ian approach, he hailed him in a loud voice.  “Hello the camp!  Ian McCloud here.  Permission to approach.”
“Approach and keep your hands in sight” said the sentry.”
As Ian came into his view, the sentry saw a man carrying a sizeable pole with two deer carcasses hanging from it, along with a pack and rifle to boot.  “By Heaven McCloud, you have a load there!”  Turning he hollered to the camp for help and in under two minutes some four men were there to take the game.
As Ian entered the camp, he saw the gigantic figure of Henry Knox approaching him.  “Ian, you’re back, and not empty-handed either.  We heard the shots and didn’t know who could be hunting so close to sundown.”
“Guilty Henry” said Ian with a dazzling smile.  
Approaching Ian, Knox extended his hand in greeting.  “We might have known it was either you or James.  How have you been?”
“Fine sir.  Did you know that the king has reinforced his declaration that we’re in rebellion and that all participants will be treated as seditionists?”
“Well good for Johnny Bull!  Wait until he hears what we do to his fleet with these cannon and he’ll really have something to keep him awake at night.”  He roared with laughter at his own joke then, slapping Ian heartily on the back.
The last day before leaving, Ian had made a crude sketch of all of the ships anchored in Boston’s harbor.  He had labeled them as to supply ships, frigates, and men of war too, and had estimated the number of cannon on each.  He gave that to Henry and also told him news of the fighting in the southern Colonies as he and James had heard of it at some of the local taverns and at a church one Sunday morning.
Knox invited Ian to his tent then and looked at the drawing and estimates.  After studying it for around a minute, he removed his spectacles and looked at Ian with a grin saying “This is good work Ian.  Valuable information, but it may be that some of our people there in Boston have sent this to General Washington already.”
“Did you know that Hessian mercenaries have arrived?”
Knox’s eyebrows rose as he replied “No.”
“I saw them in New York in August but they never debarked from the ship I saw.  Maybe they were sent to Boston, but I didn’t see them on the streets there.”
“Hmmm.  Sounds like the King can’t get enough Englishmen to fight so he’s hiring help.  That’s a good sign, Ian.  Let them borrow and spend themselves to death then.  I’ll send word to General Washington about what you’ve seen.  He may know of it already though.  Say, when we get closer to Boston, I could use you for carrying messages.  Will you consider that?”
Nodding, he thought we’re still wanted in New York City and the British have taken over our bank building there for quartering troops.  I’m of a mind to make them as uncomfortable as I can.
“Good, good!  I need men who can move about as quickly as you two.”
“I’ll be gone before daylight, Henry.  I have a lot of snares set and I want to beat the coyotes and wolves to the rabbits I caught.”
“Snares?  When did you do that?”
Ian continued to lie to him then saying “I have known where you were all day and I stayed busy setting snares.  I got lucky around sunset getting those deer.  Oh, by the way there’s a buck strung up out there and someone needs to fetch it in the morning if wolves haven’t gotten it.  I’ll leave you a sketch of where to find it by a creek.”
“You’re not idle for a minute, Ian.  By Heaven we’re lucky that you and James came along.  We weren’t eating nearly as well until you two showed up.”
“Now Henry, I wouldn’t have guessed that, looking at you.”
Knox threw back his head and laughed, slapping his thigh.
Finishing the map Ian looked up and smiled “Good night, Henry” he said as he handed him the sketch.
“Good night Ian and thank you.”
Two hours before daylight, he quietly left the camp, stopping to give the sentry a hot cup of tea on the way out.  He had only his rucksack, a knife and tomahawk, having left his rifle and pack behind.  Within two hours he had twenty seven rabbits hanging on a spruce pole and was returning to camp.  He was greeted enthusiastically by several of the men then, as he turned the game over to the camp cook.
Henry Knox approached him then saying “You weren’t joking about those snares!  Ian, we have a stream to cross and we need to find the best place.  Can you go ahead and find one for us today?”
“I will, Henry.”
“How many men do you need to take along then?”
“None.  I’ll rejoin you before dark.”  He turned then to get his belongings and soon he was seen trotting out of camp toward the southeast.
Ian loved being in the American wilderness.  The sheer size of the great hardwood trees amazed him.  He had never seen trees as old or as large as these.  In Europe and England, trees of this size had long since been cut down.  He rarely thought of Alandra or her tragic death now with so much to occupy his thoughts.  It was rare though that he made a kill and didn’t remember the first time Cosette showed him how to do that and how to feed properly.  At times when so occupied, he would feel a great sadness envelop him, almost as an unwanted blanket.  The ghosts of his past memories sometimes invaded his thoughts unbidden, but not nearly as often as in past months.  If there was one thing that he’d been right about, it was that coming to the New World would occupy his mind enough to drive most of those unwanted moments away.  Laughing to himself he had to admit that he hadn’t thought of being a man wanted for sedition as being a part of that preoccupation.
He found the stream and found an ideal place three miles eastward as he rocketed along its banks.  The snow wasn’t too deep and the cattle could scrape a lot of it away and get at the grass beneath.  The stream was a lot wider here, but it was shallow too.  At vampire speed then, Ian gathered flat stones to both mark the place and to use to build up the ford for the wagons.  Done in less than an hour, he stripped and bathed in the icy water.  Any time he was away from the column, he would be barefoot.  He only wore his boots when around humans, knowing that his superhuman speed and strength would wear them out while he was still in the wilderness if he wore them often.  They mostly stayed in his ruck sack with his socks, copper bowl, flasks, sharpening stone, and flint.  Pondering Henry’s request as he ran a half mile circle to dry his undergarments wet from washing, he decided to go ahead to find the next stream to look for a crossing place.  He would return to the column with more rabbits again that afternoon to account for his time.  After dressing and packing up, he squinted southward taking a bearing on a rocky looking outcrop some four miles distant and bounded away like a flash, clearing the fifty feet width of the stream like it wasn’t even there.

Chapter 25
The young captain stood nervously at attention in the office of Colonel Harold Grundy.  “Well, don’t stand there all day now captain.  What have you to tell me about McCloud?”
“Sir, he has apparently left New York for parts unknown.”
“Really, you imbecile?  That’s your news?  Who’s trying to contact him?  Who does he write to?  Where did he hide all of that money?”
“There is someone else trying to find him sir.”
Changing his demeanor from one of disdain to genuine interest, Grundy said “Who is that, pray tell.”
“Sir, it is a man who claims to be his brother.”
“What!  Why was I not told about this?”
“Sir I only learned of it last night.”
Standing then Grundy came around the desk to stand in front of the nervous young officer, saying “Go on.”
“Well sir, there was a drunken group in there singing some rowdy ditty and it was about Mr. McCloud.”
“In where?”
“The Red Eye Tavern sir, near the stockyards.  A young man came to them asking about him, and he said that he was his younger brother.”
“Really?  Singing about the man?  How odd.  What was the nature of this….this singing?”
The young officer nervously said “Sir, I….sir….I forget.  I was off duty and was drinking myself.”
“Oh.  Of course, of course.  So this brother; where is he staying?”
“I don’t know sir.  He left when they couldn’t tell him where his brother was.  I ….I was in no shape to follow, sir.”
“Make sure that the detail who is watching the Davis and Millstone homes is told about this man.  It may be that he’ll go there for information.  Keep me informed.  That is all.”
Saluting, the captain said “Yes sir!”  He smartly turned and left the office thinking I’ll never be the one to tell you the words to that song, Colonel Grundy!  And then he laughed out loud as he went down the stairs and out the door.
***
Ian’s return was a joyous occasion for Moon Owl.  She ran to him as soon as she saw him approaching their house.  Laughing she flew into his arms, smothering his face with kisses, her joy unrestrained.  Ian smiled and picking her up he whirled her around several times, holding her high as if she was a child.  She laughed uncontrollably as he drew her close then and said “Ah, lassie, I might have gotten here sooner had I known you were feeling this way.”
James came then, smiling and the two shook hands.  As they turned to go to the house, Moon Owl got between the two and linked her arms with both men, and the three went to the door that way.
“Any news about the war, James?
“Heavy fighting down south.  Lots of snow there too; more than is normal for those parts.  The colonists are keeping the redcoats hopping down there.  How are Henry and his men faring?”
“It’s slow going, but they’re making steady progress.  We forded two streams.  Likely they’ll ask you to scout ahead for things like that.  I did that and helped supply game too.  They’ll ask you if you want help but just refuse it like I did.”  He handed a hand-made map to James then and pointing to an ‘X’ on it he said “They should be about there when you go at the end of next week.”
After supper, Ian got his violin and played a lively Gaelic tune.  Stopping then, he and James taught Moon Owl how to dance to that type of music, and she took to it like a duck to water.  James played the same tune as she and Ian danced to the music.  The longer they danced the more Moon Owl laughed.  She was flushed and her eyes sparkled as they danced.  When they had stopped to let her rest a bit she said “Oh Ian, this is such fun!  I like this better than any of the minuet dances you taught me!”
“I like it better too.”
James spoke up then saying “I was at Faneuil Hall last week with Melissa and there was a celebration of some sort going on.  They played a lively number and did a dance called the Scottish Reel.  Anybody that wanted to could dance as long as they had a partner.”  He went on to describe what he had seen and showed both of them how it went.  Then he took the violin and played the song.  Like the one Ian had played, it was lively and had an Irish lilt.  Ian and Moon Owl danced to it and both were delighted.  Ian said “James, this is really a lot of fun.  Let me play a while and you dance.”  So the evening passed for the three up until around ten o’clock when James left to go see Melissa, saying that he wouldn’t be home until the next day.
Ian heated up a kettle full of water over the fire until it was boiling and poured it into their tub.  Then he heated a second kettle full and topped off the water.  It was piping hot and Moon Owl could just barely stand to get in after he added the second kettle full.  They settled into the tub and she lay back on him, her eyes closed.  They talked for the better part of half of an hour just catching up on what each had been doing all of the time they were apart.
Ian just cupped water and brought it up and let it pour out on her shoulders, rubbing her back somewhat with a sponge from time to time as they talked.  Finally he simply clasped his arms about her waist and held her as she reclined on his chest.  “Mmmm Ian, I love this.  We must do this every night when you’re here.”
“Be careful now, Monique; I may just hold you to that.  This sure beats being rolled up in a blanket in a tent somewhere in the mountains.”  He nuzzled her neck and nibbled one of her ears, kissing it softly as she squirmed, laughing softly.  She said “I think our bathing is done and our bed is calling.”
Laughing softly he stood, picking her up as he did and she snagged two towels as he carried her to their room.  Standing her next to their bed he dried her first and she slid into the bed saying “Oh it is cold, love!  Get in here quickly and warm me!”
Wide-eyed he said “Why Moon Owl!  Are you sure now?  I thought that you might be tired from all of that dancing tonight.  You nearly went to sleep in the tub.”
Laughing she pulled his hand insistently saying “You’ll see how sleepy I am in another moment.”  They made love then languorously, exploring each and every little sensation.  She cried out softly near the end, and then cuddled close to him afterward, kissing and holding one of his hands to her lips as she always did before sleeping.
Twice that night she awoke and they made love yet again, afterwards listening to the wind howling outside as she drifted to sleep.  Ian was at peace, loving the quiet time with her.
***
Henri handed the letter marked ‘urgent’ to Marie with a serious look on his face.  Her brow furrowed as she read it, and then she got up and called to everyone.
Now assembled in the parlor of the chateau, everyone listened as Henri read the contents of the letter from Robert Milliken.  Concluding he looked up and met the eyes of each, one by one, even including little Aimee.
“We’re now on a war time footing as a family, and we’ll make every preparation for an attack beginning today.”
Celeste spoke then “Mightn’t it be best to relocate for a while?  The longer they pay a man to locate us the longer we have to investigate these two in London.”
“We can consider it.  We have an estate in Italy and another in Luxembourg.  Or we could just go to Geneva to our new home there.  This is likely to be only a human investigating us, gathering intelligence to take back to London.”
Louis said “We could all secretly go to London and stay out of site at some location there.  We would all be together that way, and could move against all of them in force when we locate them.”
Jennifer spoke then saying “I like that option because we all stay together.  We’re stronger that way too.”  She turned to Andre sitting beside her and he nodded assent, taking her hand in his and kissing it while smiling briefly at her.  Turning to little Aimee sitting next to her she put an arm around her, drawing her closer.
Henri then spoke “Don’t forget that we’re in the middle of our generational move here.  That is our top priority until it’s completed and our new identities established.  We’ve done too much to let that fail now.  One good thing about being in France is the resources we have in government, not to mention properties that no one can ever link to any of us.”
Mustafa spoke then, his eyes glowing deep amber as he said “I’d like to take Li and Louis to London and just kill these two.”  He looked directly at Henri and then he moved his somber gaze to each of the others as he said “A short and simple solution to our problem.”  Louis’ eyes glowed blue as did those of Andre and Jennifer and even little Aimee who all nodded agreement.
Marie spoke then “Li and Sophia have been in Reims signing new leases and banking rental receipts for the year.  They’re due back though, maybe Celeste can tell us when.”
Celeste smiled, taking their daughter from Louis’ arms and settling back on the sofa with the toddler in her lap saying “What do you think, Celine?  Are Li and Sophia coming home soon?”
Little Celine gurgled happily, saying “ma-ma, ma-ma” while waving her tiny hands about as Celeste kissed her and turned to Henri, saying “They left Reims five days ago and will be here tomorrow.”
She turned then looked about at everyone and said “Ian and James are still living near Boston and they’re still taking turns helping a man named Henry Knox move artillery across the wilds to bring it there.”
Aimee said “What is artillery.”  Several chuckles were heard as Jennifer quietly explained to her.
Henri went on then “We’ll table this then until Li and Sophia arrive.  At this point, we need only to know that at some point, we’ll be watched and later attacked.  I’m going to contact a friend of ours in government to watch this man.  He’ll be shadowed the entire time he is here.  Remember now that from all we have so far, it’s Ian and I who are the focus of this thing.”
Louis spoke then saying “True, but if one of us is threatened, we all are threatened.  We’re a family.”  As he looked about the room he saw all heads nodding in agreement, eyes glowing.

Chapter 26
Thelma Millhouse offered a prayer from her seat at the head of the massive table in her cavernous dining room.  All at the table echoed her ‘Amen’ and she gestured to the servers who came forth with wine to fill all of the glasses.  Cosette and Stuart both stood with their wine glasses then and Cosette said “I propose a toast to Mrs. Thelma Millhouse for her generous hospitality in opening her home for Stuart and me.  We thank you, Mrs. Millhouse for your loving kindness.”
Rebecca Davis stood then saying “Hear-hear!  To Aunt Thelma” as she drank the toast with all present.  Thelma said “How nice of you, but that’s not necessary.  I am only practicing Christian love and care.  Am I not only doing what our Lord Jesus has commanded all of us to do?”
Cosette said “Stuart and I are complete strangers here with no family and you have taken us in as if we were family.  We are grateful beyond our ability to say it, Mrs. Millhouse.”  Turning to Rebecca she said “And both you and Laura and her mother have been most helpful and sympathetic.  We’re most grateful to the two of you as well.  I propose a toast to good friends wherever we find them.  To Rebecca, to Laura, and to her mother, Merriam.” 
Stuart said “Hear-hear” as he raised his glass and they all drank.  Thelma signaled to her staff then and they came to the table, uncovering the main dishes and serving each, beginning with the guests.  In fact, Cosette had taken Thelma aside earlier that week and had insisted on paying her the entire time that she and Stuart were going to be living there.  Thelma wouldn’t take the money, even though Cosette confided to her that she and Ian were wealthy.  So it was that the two were invited to be guests for as long as they desired to stay at the Millhouse home.  From that day forth Cosette insisted on paying for all groceries for the entire household.
Thelma spoke then saying “Cosette dear, would you please explain again to an old lady about how you came to be lost for so many years.”
“Mrs. Millhouse, you hardly qualify as an old lady where I come from.”  She thought briefly my surrogate mother is over three hundred sixty years old.  What would you think if I told you that?  Then she said “As I told Rebecca, I was at Arles when a fire destroyed a building.  I tried to rescue a child who I heard crying out.  The building fell in and I barely escaped out the back through an adjacent building.  I suffered a blow to my head when I was buried under rubble and I suffered a loss of memory.  I awoke two days later and uncovered myself, not even knowing who I was.  I wandered in the darkness to where I finally saw a lamp in a window.  A kind elderly couple took me in because I reminded them of their daughter who had died of pneumonia.”
“My, what an ordeal, Cosette!  You then stayed with this couple for what; six years?”
“Yes, a bit over six years and my memory returned to me over just a few days.”
“But hadn’t everyone moved away by then?”
“They were only staying somewhere else for that season.  They returned and found me living there waiting for them.  My husband had remarried and had lost his wife in a carriage accident around the time my memories returned.”
Rebecca said “Ian had decided to come here to start a new bank for Mr. Milliken.  He hoped to be able to stay busy so as to not dwell on his losses.  As I told Cosette the day we met, Ian had told me about her and Alandra both.  He was somewhat upset when I asked about you two, but he tried to hide it and put me at ease.”
 “That is so very like Ian.”
Laura spoke then saying “He’s a man of sterling qualities, Cosette.  I would cross an ocean to find him were he mine.”
“As would I” said Rebecca.  As she stood she thought would to God he was mine, but that can never be now.  Raising her glass she said “To Ian and James, wherever they are.”  Everyone present said “Hear-hear” about the same time the brass door knocker sounded loudly.  The butler answered it, and came to the dining room with a British officer following close behind. 
“Captain Jonathan Siebert Ma’am.  My apologies for interrupting your dinner, but I’m here on official business of His Majesty.  Mrs. August Millhouse?” he said, looking at everyone, eyebrows raised.
Thelma stood stony faced, saying “Speak young man.”
“Mrs. Millhouse, I’m here to inform you that your home has been designated to quarter His Majesty’s troops.  Beginning tomorrow, you will have fourteen soldiers living here.  You may retain two of your staff.  They, you, one Merriam Millhouse, and one Laura Millhouse may remain.  All others living or staying here must leave effective tomorrow.”
“That is an outrage, sir.  It is now wintertime and you expect us to throw our guests out?  Who else is quartering British troops?”
“Mrs. Millhouse, I’m only carrying out the orders given me by my commanding officer.”
“Might that be one Colonel Harold Grundy?”
“Yes Ma’am.”
“Is New York City now under occupation?”
“Well….no Ma’am, not to my knowledge.”
“I see.  So my house is under occupation, but not New York City?”
“Ma’am, I am only following…”
“That is quite enough, Captain.  We will carry out your orders to the letter.  Now please leave us in peace this night.”
“Yes Ma’am.  For what it’s worth, I’m very sorry this happened.”
“Not as sorry as someone will be, I assure you.  Good night, Captain Siebert.” 
“Goodnight, Ma’am.”
Rebecca then spoke “This is all my fault Aunt Thelma.  Had I not forced Ian to take me to the gala, none of this would have happened.”
Thelma smiled mysteriously and said “Don’t fret, child.  I now have Harold Grundy right where I want him.  He’ll be leaving New York.”
Rebecca spoke then, saying “Both of you will move in with me in our home tomorrow.  Grundy will never dare to do this to another officer of equal rank.  Father is away in New Jersey now anyway and I could use the company.  Please say yes!”
Cosette looked at Stuart, her eyebrows raised and seeing him nod, she smiled sweetly and nodded to Rebecca, saying “Thank you Rebecca.  Ian has chosen his friends well it seems.”

Chapter 27
 “Land ho!” cried the lookout from the crow’s nest.
Yvonne peered into the distance.  It was a cloudy day, and there were snow squalls drifting along toward the south.  They had just exited one and her vampire eyes finally saw the barest spit of land off to their right quarter.
Stefan joined her then, saying “I thought this day might never come.  Never have I been as miserable as on this cursed ship.”
“Our confinement will soon be at an end.  Let’s hunt deer tonight.  I’ve missed that taste.”
“We can each take a human in celebration tonight, Yvonne.”
“No, Stefan.  We know nothing about this place.  That would be stupid.  We must learn what we can for now.  Besides, we need to find lodging first and then tomorrow we must present our papers at Wellington’s bank.  We need an address to deal with a bank.  Be patient, love.”
“You’re right.  I’m at the end of my patience what with this voyage.  How could any vampire stand it?”
“Two just did, and now we’re on the same side of the ocean as Ian McCloud is.”  Turning to him she allowed her eyes to glow briefly and he then allowed his to glow as well, saying “That’s enough for me.”
***
Colonel Grundy looked up as a young lieutenant burst into his office and then knocked on the already opened door.  “What’s the meaning of this, lieutenant?”
“Sir; you’re summoned to come immediately to General Howe’s office.”
Following the lieutenant he was in front of Howe’s offices in only a minute.  Knocking he heard an angry voice say “Enter.”
Stepping through the door he saw immediately how angry General Howe was as he said “Close it, Grundy!”
The door closed, Grundy stood at attention rigidly.  Howe spoke then, saying “I’ve just been informed that the Thelma Millhouse care center for His Majesty’s Armed forces will be closed effective in three days.  All two hundred thirty four patients there are to be moved by then.  Furthermore this letter from Thelma Millhouse’s barrister says that effective immediately there will be no further funding for the care of British soldiers wounded in the fighting here in North America.  Furthermore her barrister says that she will no longer be funding any galas or dinners in honor of His Majesty’s officers effective immediately.  What do you know about this, Grundy?”
“Sir, I didn’t know that she was going to do something like this.  Surely you can countermand that.”
Oh, really?  And can I countermand that she has the full support of Lord Edwin Trumbull and the Earl of Mountbatten of the House of Lords?”
“Sir?”
Lord Trumbull says that he and Lord Mountbatten support this because of our, and I quote him here “callous disregard of the Millhouse family’s long record of charitable contributions in the cause of supporting His Majesty’s interests in the colonies for over twenty years.”
“But sir, Mrs. Millhouse is housing…”
Howe rose and his face turned red as he shouted “She was housing the wife and brother of a man who humiliated you in a duel which you were asked by General Gage not to pursue you idiot!”
He swept everything from the surface of his desk angrily and then stalked around it to stand face to face with Grundy.  “I have only recently assumed command of all of His Majesty’s armed forces here, just relocating in New York only to find this debacle waiting for me!”
“Sir, if you’ll allow me to explain.  Ian McCloud and James Barrows couldn’t be found when we went to the bank.”
Shouting now, Howe said “Don’t you suppose that when they saw the senior military commander of the British garrison completely out of control that they left in fear of their lives?  Don’t you suppose that when they learned that only the places where they lived were chosen to house His Majesty’s soldiers that they realized that you were after them and not following the policies of the Crown?”
“But sir, they took all of the funds too!”
By now, Howe’s face was beet red and spittle flew from his mouth as he shouted “Is it any wonder?  Where is the complaint and accusation of theft from London?  I will tell you now that Lord Trumbull has been personally assured by Mr. Milliken himself that he has no complaints whatsoever against Ian McCloud and James Barrow.  Indeed they are following his orders in protecting his startup funds according to Trumbull.”  
“Sir, I…”
“Who wouldn’t do what they did given your misconduct in using the assets of the Crown for revenge to satisfy your ego?  I’d hide my money and myself from such a one too was I to be in their place.
“And what do I have to look forward to this fine cold day?  I have a war to oversee on behalf of His Majesty but instead I have to go hat in hand, begging the widow Millhouse not to close her private hospital and her purse strings.  I have to write to His Majesty that we still only have two banks in New York City and try to explain how that has been hindered when he has put his very seal on those letters of intent that Ian McCloud presented to you the day he arrived!  Shall I tell the king that my senior staff officer kicked them out after kicking them out of their boarding house and put His Majesty’s soldiers there when we already have all of the room we need for them?  Shall I tell him that all of this happened because my senior staff officer was angry because a young lady asked a banker to take her to a dance, angering that same officer?  And topping all of these fine surprises I have the Mayor and his retinue demanding to know where all of the displaced patients will be placed when Mrs. Millhouse closes her institution.  They even now think that I’ll close City Hall and commandeer it!  May I remind you that we’re still operating here with full civilian cooperation?  How long do you suppose it will be before New York City becomes the battle zone that Boston is with you running amok?”
“Sir, I…I…”
“I still have a war to fight and look at what you’ve set in motion here!  You’re hereby demoted in rank to captain, and you’re hereby ordered to report to Boston to General Cornwallis, where you will be in charge of the payroll for His Majesty’s forces there.  Here are your orders!  Now take your leave from my presence Captain Grundy and let me hear your name no more!”

Chapter 28
It was nearing year’s end and thus far the time had passed in a routine way.  Either James or Ian alternated being near Boston or out in the back country with Henry Knox’s column.  Progress had been slow but steady and with the New England Militia and Washington’s forces in control of the entire countryside, the artillery so vital to the Continental Army was moving slowly but stealthily toward its goal.
James had told Moon Owl and Ian that a gala the week of Christmas was scheduled for Faneuil Hall, and it wasn’t an affair sponsored by Tory Loyalists.  Ian knew that it would be attended by Tory spies, but doubted that the High Command was looking for him in Boston, being as Grundy’s efforts had all been for personal animosity against Ian.  He figured that it was safe for them to go and after all, he had promised Moon Owl that he’d take her to a dance.
Secretly he had bought her a new dress for the affair and had hidden it in the barn at their house, figuring to give it to her the evening of the dance.  The three were in high spirits and had been making excursions into town.  Both Ian and James had bought themselves new deerskin pants, boots, shirts, and broad brimmed hats, putting them away for the night of the Gala.  They had decided that they would be well advised to maintain their guise as frontiersmen that night so they only wore their city clothing for occasional excursions to town.
The afternoon of the Gala, Ian surprised Moon Owl with her new dress, taking it out of its wrapping and hanging it in plain sight in the parlor while she was out in the barn, looking after their horses.  She had come back in and when she saw it there, she stopped as her mouth dropped open in surprise, and then laughing she ran to it, taking it down and looking it over.
She hung it up and turned to him, eyes shining and threw herself into his arms, covering his face with kisses.  Laughing Ian said “Well, go and put it on.  Run along now.”  He had also bought a medium size mirror secretly and had hung it on the wall of her room.
She ran to her room laughing and closed the door, but in seconds it opened and she ran laughing to him again and kissed him, holding him tightly saying “Oh, thank you, Ian.  Thank you!”  Then she ran laughing to the room again, closing the door.
James said “That was surely a popular gift!  I confess that I bought a new dress for Melissa, and I’m leaving now to take it to her.  I’ll return here and we’ll all go together.”
“No; we’d better keep our location secret from Melissa.  She could be arrested and made to talk.  We’ll take the farmer’s wagon and meet you there.”
James had no sooner gone than Moon Owl came back out the door, smiling radiantly, her eyes sparkling.  She walked to Ian and turned slowly, curtseying to him correctly, and struck a pose as if ready to dance a minuet with a dazzling smile on her face.
Ian applauded and smiled warmly saying “It was just an empty thing until now.  You’ve given that dress life, Moon Owl.  You look beautiful in it” he said as he stepped to her and took her in his arms.  They kissed several times then and she drew back from him and pulled him toward her room saying “I need help to get it off.  Quickly Ian come along now!”
Laughing he followed her to her room and as quickly as she was out of it, she impishly turned to him and turned down her bed covers, beckoning with a saucy smile on her face.  “Come now love, we have a dance to attend later, but now we have better things to do.”
Chuckling he sat down and took off his boots as she jumped from bed and began to help him undress.  They made love then and afterward Ian held her close as she snuggled in his arms, one hand held to her lips as always.  Ian spoke then saying “No nap for you, Lassie.  We must soon be up and about or James will walk in on us!”  Laughing happily she bounded out of bed and began to dress again as Ian laughingly began to dress too.
Later that evening they entered the Hall and found James and Melissa some two hours after dark to find that it was indeed crowded.  Ian was one of only a few men who looked like frontiersmen, but there were around six others similarly dressed not counting him and James.  Ian had shaved his beard off, leaving only a medium handlebar moustache and sideburns.  Neither he nor James looked anywhere like the two polished bankers that they had always appeared to be when in New York City.  A few redcoats were in attendance, likely on duty, but were mostly concentrated in three groups and weren’t bothering anyone.
Looking about Ian saw Paul Revere in the company of several men, standing off to one side.  He nodded to him and Revere looked puzzled at first and then smiled broadly and waved after seeing Moon Owl.  Ian knew that he had changed his look well enough then to be safe enough even in this crowd.
The highlight of the evening was when the group all queued up to dance the Scottish Reel.  Soon they were well into it and Moon Owl was having the time of her life.  Her dark eyes fairly sparkled and the smile she wore rarely left her face.  In fact she would have gladly admitted that this may have been the happiest night of her life had she been asked.
They danced to the lively music and even did some of the jigs that Ian had taught her to some of the songs.  A happy couple they talked with said that the Scottish Reel was called the Virginia Reel where they had come from.  The people were in generally high spirits in spite of the occupation.  They had made it through some three-fourths of the evening when James came to Ian with a serious look on his face.
“Ian, Grundy has just come through the door.”
“What!”  Ian felt cold reality grip him then.  In seconds it was apparent that not only was he out of uniform, but that he had brought no redcoats detachment of his own along.  He resolved that if seen he would simply start a fight, knock the man unconscious and make an escape through a window.  “You take Melissa now and when he moves away from the door, leave.  We’ll avoid him and stay on opposite sides of the room.  We’ll leave after you two do.”
In just a few minutes, Grundy moved counterclockwise from the entrance.  James and Melissa slipped out unnoticed with a small group.  Ian spoke to Moon Owl in a low voice saying “That’s the man who’s looking for me.  Watch him now and then as we move toward the door.”  Looking away Ian and Moon Owl moved slowly toward the door, staying on the opposite side of the room as Grundy.  Suddenly Moon Owl stopped and said “Ian, he’s coming this way!  
Determining to take his cue from Moon Owl Ian simply stood facing away from Grundy as he approached.  In a low voice he said “Try to avoid looking at him.”
Walking past Ian at only two paces distance, he nodded and touched his hat as he passed Moon Owl.  She glanced at him and curtseyed briefly and looked away as the man continued over to a large, blonde-headed well-dressed man.  Apparently he knew the man because the two talked as if they were well acquainted.
Ian and Moon Owl made it to the door then, to find Melissa and James waiting outside near a street lamp.  Helping Moon Owl into her coat the two approached James and Melissa then.  Ian said “I’m sorry, Melissa but that man is looking for James and I to make trouble for us.  We left New York because we feared that he would throw both of us into jail.  He’s out of uniform tonight, but he’s a redcoat colonel.”
“What’s his name?”
“Colonel Harold Grundy; why?”
“I’ll make inquiries.”  Turning to James she said “Let’s go to my place.  I’m freezing out here.”
Ian spoke then saying “Melissa, James; might I trouble you to take Monique along?  I’m staying here to see what Grundy is up to.”
They agreed then and Ian kissed Moon Owl before assisting her climbing up into the wagon seat.  He hopped up nimbly into the back and wrapped two blankets about the two women doubling them so they could share their body warmth.  “Let me tie our horses to your wagon, James.  I won’t need it tonight.  I’ll be along later.  Don’t wait up for me.”  He kissed Moon Owl one last time and hopped down.  In a minute he had secured their horses and wagon to the back of the other one and waving good bye, he walked away to melt into the shadows outside of Faneuil Hall.
As the three pulled away, the other wagon in tow, he watched intently to see if they were followed.  Shortly he was convinced that they were not followed and settled in patiently like any skilled predator would, watching the entrance and scrutinizing anyone going or coming with his keen vampire’s eyes.  He was pleased with this development being as he now had the advantage of knowing that Grundy was in Boston whereas Grundy was likely clueless regarding Ian’s whereabouts.  This is a good thing.  God has smiled on me tonight.
***
Chief of all of the King’s Gendarmes Claude Rousseau peered intently at the letter in his hands.  It bore the unmistakable seal of the Laforges and was marked as being of the highest priority.  Never had he seen one designated in this way, from when he was only head inspector in Marseille to this day.  They had delivered on every promise made some nine years earlier and he sitting in the office of Chief of the King’s Gendarmes in Paris was proof of that.
This man from England was to be followed and every contact noted accurately.  He was not to be approached under any circumstance and an agent of the Gendarmerie was to be assigned to follow him back to England as well and to report to the Chief of Constables in London after ascertaining where the man lived and only after being doubly sure of that information being correct.  This agent must be able to speak English and to understand it, and must report only to Claude Rousseau himself.
Explicit instructions were given for contacting the chief of Constables and also orders to have every single contact the man made while in France or any other country, and then to have those people watched as well.  This might turn into a large-scale operation.  Rousseau knew that finally he’d come to a point where he would truly be earning not only the trust of the Laforges, but would be earning that fat private bank account in Lausanne as well.  Laforge himself guaranteed skilled assistants to accompany Rousseau’s agents at all times and gave explicit instructions for contacting one to start that process.  It was to be done this very day.  Additionally he would be informed by this first contact where to find the subject in France.  He thought My God!  They know where he is even now and are only handing him off to me!  What don’t they know?
He had his assistant cancel every appointment that day and took his coat as he departed from his office.

Chapter 29
Henri Lafayette himself was now in Paris and had successfully located the man who was watching the Banque de Lafayette now, waiting to pick up Henri’s trail.  Now disguised as an elderly man only feeding pigeons on a misty Paris day, Henri was going to oblige him as soon as Jennifer brought Rousseau and his people to this place.  Meanwhile he kept the man on a loose leash and bided his time as any good predator will do.  It was second nature to Henri, being over four hundred sixty years old and having forgotten more than most men ever learned about the art of surveillance.  He had a grim satisfaction that this was going so well.
Only a half mile distant Chief of the King’s Gendarmes Claude Rousseau walked into the designated hotel.  It was a respectable establishment, but was not in the same class as those located along the Champs Elysees.  There was little chance that any of the members of France’s upper class would chance upon Rousseau here.
Going to the designated table Rousseau sat and ordered a glass of wine from the waiter.  After he had taken a few sips, he was aware of being approached from the rear in the dimly lit dining area.  “Bon jour, Monsieur Rousseau.”  He turned to see that the owner of that silky voice was a young woman wearing a wide brimmed hat and a well-tailored dress of sophisticated design.  Carrying a glass of wine herself she seated herself across from him and slid a package across the table.  Even through the fashionable netting across the front of her hat, he could see her lovely blue eyes and her striking beauty.
“May I open this, Mademoiselle?”
“Please do, Monsieur.  You may call me Annette.”
Nodding he peered intently at the contents of the packet.  Inside was a skillfully rendered sketch of a man and a complete description of him down to the style of clothing he was last seen to wear and his estimated weight.  “This is remarkable work Annette.  I could pay a man well who has this skill to work for the King’s Gendarmes.”
“You couldn’t pay the lady who did this sketch enough, nor could you entice her to leave England, Monsieur Rousseau.”
He nodded as he thought My God!  The Laforges have skilled contacts in England that discovered that this fellow is coming to France to investigate someone!  What kind of an information network must they have to have such a long reach and such influence!  He replied “You know where he is even now?”
“Yes.  He’s being watched even now.  When your man gets here, we three shall take a short walk and you’ll see him.”  As if on cue, a tall man walked into the dining area and looking around, he made his way to their table.  Introductions were made and the three shortly departed.
As they neared the Banque de Lafayette, Rousseau noticed two men on two different park benches, separated by some one hundred fifty feet or more.  He noticed that one, an elderly man, got up from a bench and shuffled off around the corner of the bank itself.
Once out of sight, Henri sprinted to a side door of the bank and producing a key unlocked it and quickly ducked through it.  Shedding his shabby topcoat and donning a perfectly tailored topcoat waiting for him there, he likewise removed the shaggy white wig he had on, along with the nose putty and fake eyebrows.  Wiping his face well with a towel as he climbed some back stairs he soon came to the front lobby of his bank.
Putting on a fashionable tri corner hat he stepped out, walking past the trio and soon, past the man who was watching him while pretending to ignore him.  Crossing Champs Elysees, he headed down that street to a fashionable restaurant and before he was across the wide boulevard the man was following him.  Rousseau nodded to his agent and walked away with Jennifer.  As they walked, Jennifer said “Well done, Monsieur Rousseau.  Monsieur. Laforge will be well-pleased with my report.  Bon jour.”
Without a backward glance, she reversed the direction that they’d been walking and walked away from Rousseau.  He pondered the events of that day as he made his way back to his offices.  It seems my benefactor is even more resourceful and influential than I ever dreamed.  Who are the Laforges, really?  More to the point, who’s foolish enough to meddle in their affairs and to spy on their friends?
Little did he know that the ‘friend’ who he took to be the subject of the surveillance was also none other than his mysterious benefactor, Laforge, minus the usual disguise.
***
About the time that Grundy departed from Faneuil Hall, James came up silently beside Ian saying “I left Moon Owl at Melissa’s and told them both that I was coming back to help you.  What can I do?”
As they watched Grundy climb into a closed carriage and start away, Ian said “That big man, the one with blonde hair that Grundy was talking to….he might be a Tory spy or loyalist.  Follow him and see where he lives or who he talks to.  I’ll see you at either Melissa’s or at home.”  Without waiting for a reply he was off then, easily keeping pace with the carriage as it moved eastward.
In some ten minutes, it arrived at a check point with two redcoat sentries who shortly waved it through.  Ian merely skirted the sentries, leaping a high wall as if it wasn’t even there as he scanned the area to pick up sight of his quarry.  The carriage clattered up to the entrance of a three story brick building which was in fact a very fine home which the British High Command had commandeered from the owner for quartering officers of the highest rank in Boston.  The owner, a patriot, was forced with his family to live in Danbury, Connecticut with his sister and her husband for the duration.
Grundy walked up to the steps and the two redcoat sentries there saluted him smartly as he walked past.  Ian noted that there was something a bit different about Grundy’s uniform, but he paid it no mind at that time.
Soon he had skirted the place and noted that only two more sentries were on duty at the rear of the place.  A few were walking about on the grounds, likely to keep warm as much as anything.  Easily avoiding all of them, Ian soon had his boots and socks off and was scaling the rough brick wall of the south side of the mansion, using the architectural features of the place for handholds.  Looking like a large spider, he crawled all over the walls, pausing at windows here and there to listen.  Eventually he found Grundy’s quarters, being a tiny room on the 3rd floor.  He watched the man as he undressed in the cramped quarters and then he realized that he no longer had the rank of Colonel.  He guessed then that he had been downgraded to captain from what he could see of the uniform before Grundy put it away in his only tiny closet.  He pondered that as the man blew out the oil lamp.  Ian soon was gone from the place, rocketing through the night toward Melissa’s house.
Once they were home, Moon Owl thanked Ian for such a lovely evening.  He joked a bit about them having to leave so suddenly and she reassured him that didn’t mar her evening at all.  They made love then in front of the fireplace and afterward she fell asleep there.  Ian carried her to her bed and tucked her in, going back to the parlor and pacing about as he pondered what he’d seen that night.
The next day around two o’clock in the afternoon, James arrived and seemed excited.  “Ian, I followed that man and he met with some others at someone’s house.  I think that they’re all Tory loyalists or spies.”
“Hmmm.  It seems that we have some information that the patriots could use.  We might see if perhaps Mr. Revere might be interested.  He’s bound to know someone who would want to know about this.”
The next time that Ian took Moon Owl to town, he dropped by Revere’s shop and gave him the information he had.  Revere thanked him and vowed to get it to someone in Boston who would want to know about it.
The rest of the winter passed in like fashion with either James or Ian always being in Boston and the other always hunting for Henry Knox’s column.

Chapter 30
It was a rowdy night at the Red Eye Tavern in New York City.  Stefan and Yvonne sat quietly at a table, observing the idiotic behavior of some of the clientele.  Earlier the place had buzzed with speculation regarding General Washington’s handling of the siege of Boston.  Later though the drinking had made the crowd rowdier and now some wag got out his violin and struck up a tune which several of the patrons seemed to know quite well.

“Did ye hear ‘bout poor Colonel Grundy
At Grover Park one day.
He thought he’d bring two swords and some friends
To frighten a banker away-hey!
The banker was there already 
With a friend and a pretty lass.
Before it was over the banker had showed her
How to spank poor Grundy’s ass-hey!
Poor Colonel Grundy
He ain’t sat down in a week.
They say the only time he’s comfy
Is when he is taking a leak-hey!
Oh Ian McCloud, 
Come spank a redcoat today.
If ye spank enough of ‘em, maybe they’ll go away-hey!
Oh if ye spank enough of ‘em, maybe they’ll go away-hey-hey!”

As the room erupted in laughter and some scattered applause, Yvonne and Stefan stiffened as if they had been hit with an electric shock.  Wide-eyed they looked at each other, speechless.  Leaning toward Stefan, Yvonne said “We need to separate and question the patrons.  Surely someone here can tell us more about McCloud and who knows where that can lead?  We need to find out who this ‘Grundy’ character is too.”
***
Ian had arrived late that afternoon and had been met by Moon Owl as she had seen him coming toward the house.  As always she had run to him and as always he had lifted her up like a child and whirled her about, finally kissing her long and tenderly.  They went to the house and made love then, and waited for James to come home.
Later when James had arrived, he was excited to share some news he’d learned just the night before from Melissa.  It seemed that a friend of Melissa had spent time several evenings with a certain redcoat who had complained of his new commanding officer, one Captain Grundy.  It turned out that this fellow was in payroll and he let it slip that a payroll ship by the name of ‘Lady Dunston’ was expected to arrive that Thursday.
“James, are you thinking what I’m thinking?”
Grinning from ear to ear James said “I’ve been able to think of nothing else.  Yes, I think we should look into robbing their payroll.  It will be profitable and it could be great fun as well!”
Laughing softly, Ian said “We need to sit down and draw up a plan, my friend.  And it will be fun!”
“I hear that those Hessians we saw the day we arrived in New York were shipped here.  It is only a small number, but the rumor is that they are being drilled near Boston to make them more compatible with British soldiering.  Apparently this first bunch speaks English.  The fellow that told me thought that the idea is that they will train more of their fellows when they get here.”
“You know, while at the Christmas dance at Faneuil Hall I met a man who thought that King George would bring in thousands of them to fight.  If we can find out where this bunch is being quartered, we might steal two of their uniforms and make it appear that Hessians robbed the payroll.”
James threw back his head and laughed heartily, slapping his thigh repeatedly saying “Oh I love that idea!  I’ll ask Melissa to see what she can learn from her friends.” 
***
Robert Milliken pored over the packet of letters that Ian had sent.  He immediately dispatched a courier to carry all of the correspondence for the Lafayettes and paced his office as he studied the intelligence encoded in the economic reports.  Ian and James were wanted men and had safely hidden the startup funds and were themselves living near Boston.  The hiding of them beneath cemetery monuments and markers was clever and who would be disturbing a grave anyway?
Being in hiding meant that no correspondence sent Ian’s way would get to him, which meant that not only did he not know that Cosette was there, but he wouldn’t know that two vampires were there looking for him either.  Until Cosette had sent word back to him, he wouldn’t know how to contact her either.  Frustrated he paced about the room, seeking a solution or a shortcut and finding none.
About then a courier packet was brought in for him by his assistant and he eagerly opened it, scanning its contents at vampire speed.  In seconds a smile spread across his face.  Henri and his people had set things in motion over in France and the investigator looking for Henri was himself the object of a widespread surveillance operation even now.  Every single person he contacted while in France would be thoroughly investigated and all intelligence related to him would be shared with Robert when the man reported back to London to those vampires who had hired him.  He knew that Henri would make no mistakes in handling his end of the affair.
Satisfied that the intricate framework of their trap was being built properly he resolved to tell Margaret everything that evening.  She’d been eager to stay abreast of all happenings since this thing had begun and had been a source of encouragement.  He gazed out the window then, idly wondering what it was like in the New World.  What are you and James up to, Ian?

Chapter 31
James and Ian approached the Hessian compound under cover of darkness, easily seeing and avoiding the sentries.  They were quartered on the extreme north side of Boston in a setting that was still by and large of a rural nature.  Three patriot families had been evicted from their homes to make room for the small detachment and the two British Captains.  The place was dedicated to teaching the Hessians British battlefield tactics and commands so that they could train the ones to follow.
In minutes the two vampires had circled the entire place, and had discerned where the barracks were.  Like two puffs of windblown smoke they bounded to the rooftop effortlessly, gliding silently from the faint starlight into the gloom of an attic dormer window which James had found unlocked.  The scents and sounds of humans sleeping came to them as they descended to the 2nd story of the large home.
In only ten minutes they’d each found a uniform which fit them correctly.  The hallmark extra-tall Hessian hats were included in the booty they stuffed into their ruck sacks.
Soon they were flitting away at a mind-numbing speed and on their way south toward the Boston Harbor area.  Within the hour if it had been possible to see in the starlight, a small skiff might have been seen, seeming to propel itself out into the harbor.  If one could even have seen that skiff from a closer vantage point, two dark figures might have been seen towing it along at a speed far faster than would seem possible.  The skiff moved steadily toward a recently anchored ship, Lady Dunmore, and paused there.  A black lump separated itself from the inky water of the harbor and seemed to flow up the aft anchor rope and shortly after that another one did likewise on the bow anchor rope.
Two sentries were on duty, one telling the other about the physical attributes of a tavern wench he had recently met by the name of Melissa.  A black shape hurtled out of the darkness from behind the two, and two hands like iron clamped over their mouths as they were dragged down.  Another dark shape joined that group and the two sentries were soon unconscious as the two vampires had clamped their arms around the carotid arteries of the two.  They were stripped to their regulation long underwear, bound and gagged and dragged to the port gunwale, and secured under a tarpaulin found folded near a cargo hatch.
Gliding silently the two descended into the bow cabin and began to creep forward, assessing the situation.  There were seventeen men asleep there and their muskets were racked neatly along a wall.  The two silently gathered the muskets and taking them to the main deck they bundled them and lowered them over the side into the stolen skiff.  Returning they silently gathered their uniforms and disposed of them likewise, even including their boots.
James found a barrel of lard near the door to what had to be the galley so the two easily and silently moved it to where they could wedge it between the door to the front cabin and the cramped passageway outside.  The men in there would have to dismantle the door by breaking it into pieces with only whatever was in the room because otherwise only two strong men could get them free from the passageway side of the door.
Shortly they were at the stern cabin where they found two midshipmen and a third one who was older, presumably the captain.  All were asleep.  They silently stole their uniforms and quickly tossed them over the side including their boots and even their sabers.  Two officer’s pistols were taken and put into the skiff along with three extra muskets.
Returning to the starboard gunwale, Ian used a spare lanyard coiled there to descend silently to their stolen skiff.  Shortly he had retrieved their rucksacks and the two donned the Hessian uniforms in complete silence, leaving their buckskins pants and shirts and boots in their rucksacks.  Ian lowered those to the skiff and the two glided back to the stern cabin where they silently bound and gagged the two midshipmen, leaving them in their bunks.  Ian turned up the barely burning oil lamp as James woke the captain.
The man cried out in alarm when he was awakened and Ian slapped him sharply across his face, demanding silence in perfect German.  Then using English with his best German accent he demanded to be taken to the payroll chests.  The officer looked at him, eyes wide and shook his head.  Ian gagged him then and the two dragged him to a table where James held his right hand on the table top.  Ian took the oil lamp from its wall mount and set it on the table top and produced his hunting knife.  He took it and clamped a grip like iron on the man’s hand and pressed the knife to the first joint of his little finger.  Watching the man’s suddenly widening eyes, Ian began to press down the knife, drawing blood.  The man screamed against the gag and shook his head so Ian stopped, but still held the knife to his finger as James removed the gag.  Again Ian demanded to be taken to the payroll chest using English with a heavy Germanic accent.  As he spoke he again applied pressure and the finger began to bleed profusely.  The man cried out to stop and nodded his head rapidly saying “All right!  All right!”
As it turned out, the payroll chest was two strong boxes and they were both quite heavy.  They were also locked and sealed with a symbol that was unmistakably that of the British Crown.  Their contents had been audited and verified in London before being brought to America.  Tying the captain again, Ian and James dragged the chests out of the cabin, not letting the three men see their great strength.  Once out of the cabin, the two quickly shouldered the two chests as if they were just two bed pillows and streaked to the starboard gunwale.
Rigging the lanyard into a double loop they lowered one to the skiff and then James swarmed down the rope to free it so that Ian could lower down the other one.  James hissed when both chests were secure in the skiff.  He swarmed back up the rope then and both he and Ian went to the stern deck and began to stomp about over the top of the cabins trying to make it sound as if a group of men were up there doing something.  The two talked loud using only German words and sentences, but kept their talk plausible for fear that someone among the crew would understand that language.  They talked of land they had seen that they would buy and how they were only too happy to leave the German army under any circumstance.  The pair repeated that general performance outside of the stern cabin so that they could be heard through that doorway too and then again they repeated that at the bow cabins for the seventeen men secured in there.
Finally Ian came back to the captain’s cabin and demanded to see the payroll ledger.  The captain pointed to it on his desk and Ian broke the seal, opening it.  The total was listed at over 11,000 Pounds, a hefty sum, and very little of it currency.  Taking a quill he dipped it in the inkpot on the desk and wrote in perfect German “Danke schein, Georgie.”  This was written in large scrawling letters across the bottom half of the last page, beneath the last entries.  After that he took the captain to the main deck and loosened his bonds.  Using his thick German accent he then said that he was going to beat him so that his superiors could see that he resisted them.  In some twenty seconds he carefully struck the man about the face, splitting his lip and giving him a black eye and several bruises.  He took him back into the cabin then and proceeded to do the same to the two midshipmen, battering them and marking them well.  Then still using his best German sounding accent he said “We’ve allowed you to live seeing as you and we are soldiers after all, and were comrades in arms once.  The story you tell your superiors is up to you now.”  Ian loosened their bonds a bit then so that they could eventually free themselves.  As he turned to go, he again used a German sounding accent and said in English “America is a big country and who could be blaming you if you deserted after this?”
Turning then he departed and soon two ropes seemed to be towing a skiff containing two rucksacks, very heavy strong boxes and a number of muskets and pistols through the inky harbor waters rapidly toward a wooded shoreline.

Chapter 32
Cosette thanked Thelma Millhouse for the cup of tea she handed her and sipped it delicately.  She and Stuart had moved back into her home the following day after being evicted.  It seemed that General Howe himself had come to beg Thelma’s forgiveness and she had been in a mood to forgive the boorish behavior of Grundy provided that he never set foot in New York City again.  However she stipulated that from then on, injured colonists would be given equal treatment in her hospital should any apply.  He seemed not to like that until she informed him that she was adding an annex to it beginning in the springtime.
Thelma regarded Cosette anew, thinking what a lovely young lady!  She’s an exotic beauty for certain.  Lovely exquisite eyes, and her skin….like polished ivory and that smile could enchant every man in His Majesty’s army easily.  Her voice is so silky and her husky laugh is bewitching.  What is it about her?  She seems to have some quality about her person that I can’t define.  Ian was the same way.  That voice of his….an indefinable quality about it.  His skin, so dark like someone from the Mediterranean, yet he’s Scottish.  His skin seems to have a quality of burnished bronze.  What a striking couple and no doubt she loves him deeply.  They are a rare and perfectly matched pair.  She had no idea how correct that last thought was.
Sensing herself being scrutinized, Cosette nonetheless smiled sweetly at Thelma, turning as Stuart, Laura, and Rebecca entered the parlor.  Laura said “We are taking Stuart on a sightseeing trip today.  There’s to be no snow and it’ll be sunny all day so why don’t you come with us, Cosette?”
“How kind of you to ask, but I don’t want to leave Thelma all alone here.”
“Nonsense.  Merriam is here.  You young people go on and have a good time.”  They all stood then, Cosette coming to Thelma and hugging her briefly before going to get her hat, coat and gloves.
Soon the four of them were in the Millhouse’s best and largest carriage with four matched black Morgan horses cantering along, taking them toward the center of the city.  Cosette sat lost in thought but smiled pleasantly at each comment and participated in the chatter as if she hadn’t a care in the world.  She thought Ian, I long for you.  Are you safe?  What would you do in my place?  She sighed deeply, thinking what else can I do but wait near the bank you started.  Someday you’ll come back to finish your work.  Things could be far worse.  Look at what delightful and charitable people I’ve met who are your friends, Ian.  I miss you so, and you think I’m dead.  Do you think of me at all?  Come back to me……
***
The driver of the carriage waxed eloquent, basking in the compliments of the pair who had hired him for a day.  They were an odd pair, the lady a stunning red head with striking green eyes and the man a morose character with brooding eyes and a silver hook in lieu of his right hand.  They were generous, paying him two days’ worth of fares and just asking to be driven all about the city and to show them every place that he had taken Ian McCloud that first day.  Arriving at Government House he came down and helped the lady out of the carriage, doffing his hat and promising to be there when they came back.  The two had gone into the place and were gone the better part of half an hour.
All that they did really was to confirm that he had indeed filed papers that confirmed that he and one James Barrows were there to start up a bank for Robert Milliken in London.  They did get a description of him and that was invaluable being as Yvonne had only seen a mud-covered warrior who had easily kicked her into a fire.  All she had recalled was his glowing frosty blue eyes and his unbelievable swordsmanship.  Now she had a description of sorts, and a location, so the day was unfolding nicely.
Soon the driver had taken them to Milliken Merchant’s Bank of New York and again the driver had assisted her from the carriage.  This time the two of them walked about the building, peering through a few cracks in the boards that General Howe himself had put up to protect the building from vandalism.  Clearly the place was a new building, yet it was vacant.  “Driver, what happened to this place?”
“I’m not sure ma’am.  There is a story circulating that one of the two bankers took a lady to a dance and that an officer in His Majesty’s army came to the dance and was jealous when he came there and saw who she was with.  Story goes that he provoked the banker to a duel and was humiliated something awful.”
“Who was this man?”
“Gravely or something like that.”
“Could it have been ‘Grundy’?”
“No…wait…yes, yes!  Grundy was his name.”
“And what became of this Grundy then?”
“I don’t know, but they might help you at Government House with that.”
“Why is this building boarded up and abandoned?”
“The rumor is that Gravely…umm…  Grundy had them evicted from a boarding house and they had to come here to live and then they just vanished.  The day after they had been last seen the Crown took over the building and began to quarter troops in it.”
“Whatever for?  Is the Crown doing that in New York City now?”
“No.  We’re still under civilian rule now.  Speculation is that it was Grundy’s personal revenge.”
“And this young lady who they fought over; do you know who she is?”
“No ma’am, but they might know something about it back at Government House.”
“Then we shall return there now, please.”
Nodding, the man assisted her into the carriage and soon they were proceeding toward Government House.  As they turned a corner, Yvonne noticed a large carriage passing the other direction.  Sitting in a window on her side of the carriage was a young man who looked a lot like the description she had gotten of Ian McCloud.  Opposite him was a young lady wearing a broad brimmed hat like the one Yvonne was wearing and she had on sun glasses.  Yvonne stared at the pair, unable to take her eyes off of the man.
She stuck her head out the window and called out, saying “Driver turn around quickly and follow that carriage we just passed!”

Chapter 33
Liri had just finished bathing her son and had gotten him to lie down for a nap.  Marie was rocking Celine who was cooing and playing with her nose, laughing as Marie would scrunch her features and make faces and then alternately would smile at her and say “Boo.”  
Celeste came into the room then with a fresh diaper just in case it was needed.  She sat down next to Marie then, and they chatted some about what Henri had reported in the courier’s latest dispatch.  He had assured them that they had the man under surveillance and that Henri was leading him all about Paris to see who the man might contact.
Liri said “It sounds as if things are going well.  We’re watching him watch Henri and he knows nothing of it.  What could be better?”
Celeste said “I want so to tell Cosette about everything but we’ve only recently sent letters her way.”  She sighed “It takes so long to communicate and I do want to know whether she has learned that Ian is near Boston.”
At the first mention of the name ’Cosette’ the baby smiled and turned to Celeste and at the second mention of it she gurgled happily saying “Cosette, mama” as she held out her little arms toward Celeste.
Taking her then as she looked at Marie and Liri, Celeste said “What do we know about Cosette, Celine?”  Her face went blank then as she stared out the large window overlooking the front veranda, a faraway look suddenly coming into her eyes.  Again her mind’s eye looked across the sea, across time and space and she said “Cosette is staying at the home of a Thelma Millhouse with Stuart McCloud.  They’re both well and are honored guests there.”
Marie said “Stuart’s with her then?  Oh that’s wonderful!  I hated it that she was over there alone.”
“They’re right this minute riding in a carriage with two young ladies.  It’s a sunny day there in New York City.”  Both Liri and Marie looked at her with awe.  They were astounded by her prescient powers, even though having seen them exercised before.
Celeste said “I’m getting a clearer picture of Cosette than I did of Ian.  I got the information we needed about Ian, but I have a clearer picture of what Cosette is doing for some reason.”
Sophia and Aimee came into the room then as Liri spoke “Cosette spent time with Celine before she left us.  Don’t you recall all of the times she rocked her to sleep and sang to her for those few days she was with us?”
Sophia spoke then “Liri’s right.  Celine can’t have those kinds of memories of Ian because he and Alandra left shortly after she was born.  She and Cosette have a bond of sorts that she doesn’t have with Ian.”
Marie leaned forward intently as Sophia sat down with Aimee.  She was wide-eyed as she said “Celine has your gift, Celeste.  And the two of you together are especially powerful.”
Sophia put her hand over her mouth as she stared wide-eyed at the others.  Little Aimee’s mouth hung open as she stared with incredulity at Celeste too.
 Nodding, Celeste said “I’ve felt that this was the case, but I didn’t want to say so until I knew for sure.  It is all true.  Celine has my gift.”  She looked at each of the women in the room then, saying “Now if I cross over and lose my gift, we will still have another in our family with the same powers.  I need to talk to Louis about this.”
“Does Louis support your crossing over, Celeste?”
“Yes.”

Chapter 34
General Howe was meeting with Generals William Cornwallis, John Burgoyne, and Henry Clinton.  There was a knock at the door which an aide answered.  A whispered communique was quickly transmitted to Howe as he paused to take it.
His face reddened noticeably and he shouted “What?  In Boston Harbor?  Let me see that” he said as he grabbed the dispatch from Colonel Davis.
“Damn and blast all!  This dispatch says that there were an undetermined number of Hessians who robbed His Majesty’s payroll ship in the harbor one night last week!  We only have a detachment of Hessians training in British arms drills north of Boston anyway.  Who is in charge of security there?”
“Sir, it is Colonel….er Captain Harold Grundy.  You sent him there after the mess here with the new bank and the widow Millhouse.”
Howe glared at Colonel Davis and then said through clenched teeth “You will go there immediately and interview Captain Grundy and anyone who was on that ship!  You will send dispatches to me regarding the outcome of this investigation.  By God it is bad enough trying to oversee a war in this bloody place with the colonists controlling ninety percent of the land mass without having our payroll stolen!  I want answers!  Go now, today Colonel Davis!  And I want no word of this to get out!  We can ill afford a story like this to circulate.  That would be more damaging than the loss of the money.  Is that clear?”
“Yes sir.”
“Then see to it.  Dismissed!”
***
James knocked and then when Moon Owl answered the door, he hugged her and came laughing into their house.  “Good morning, Ian.  I hear there’s a big hullabaloo in Boston.  Something about Hessians robbing the payroll ship from all reports.  It is being noised about everywhere right now and is as big a news item as the war itself.”
Ian Chuckled and said “My, my; King George might have made a mistake in hiring those mercenaries after all.  Are you ready to rejoin Henry’s column?”
“Yes.  I’ll be with Melissa tonight and leave from her place.”
“Well, it’s not too bad of a day for wintertime.  Would anyone want to go into town today for a while?”
Within the hour the three were walking about in Boston.  It was a sunny day and the wind was not too bad either so a lot of people were out and about.  As they strolled about, Ian and James kept hearing bits and pieces about the Hessians robbing His Majesty’s payroll ship.  Speculation was rampant and many were shocked to learn that German mercenaries were even in North America, let alone in the employ of King George.
There was talk also about the war in South Carolina and how they had some fifteen inches of snow down there recently and very little in Boston that winter so far.  Ian overheard that American forces had failed to take Quebec under the command of Benedict Arnold and that Daniel Morgan had been taken prisoner trying to take Quebec City.
James bought a pamphlet titled ‘Common Sense’ by one Thomas Paine.  It was selling well and was becoming a very popular piece, discussed a lot in marketplaces and other such public places.  Ian bought two copies of ‘Poor Richard’s Almanac’ by Benjamin Franklin.
The three had a delightful afternoon then, dining at an inn not too far from the harbor.  They dropped James off at Melissa’s apartment on their way home and Moon Owl prepared them a small tasty stew for that night while Ian cut and split firewood.  He also filled the six buckets that he had bought with well water from out back and lined them up along the wall of their kitchen after filling one of their two kettles and swinging it over the fire.
Later after supper and the dishes were done, Ian swung out the arm and took the near-boiling water and poured it into their copper tub.  Immediately he filled the kettle and swung it over the roaring fire.  Some fifteen minutes later he added it to the tub and the two took a bath together, Moon Owl lay back on his chest and they idly talked of the sights they’d seen that day.  Ian stroked the hair of her head as she talked, commenting now and then and occasionally sponging hot water onto her.  He had come to love this bit of intimate private time with her.  She was a delightful companion and he knew that he was growing to love her.  
Later they made love and she fell asleep as always with his hand to her lips.  Ian’s mind wandered back to his times with Alandra, Anna, Alyssa, and most of all, Cosette.  He had loved them all but it seemed that Cosette and Alandra knew him best, often seeming to know what he was thinking.  He thought I’ve been blessed with the love and company of some fine women in my new life as a vampire.  How strange my life became after that night in Marseille!  Some of it has been sorrowful, but some of it like right now has been joyous too.  It has been a mixed bag.  Strange that even yet I can’t make a kill and feed without thinking of Cosette.  If only we had not gone against that coven that night!  How different might my life have been, even as a vampire!  Cosette and I would still be together, and Alandra would likely still be alive.  But then I never would have stumbled across Moon Owl that night and been able to help her either because I wouldn’t have come to America so soon.  Would we ever have found and rescued little Aimee then?  No.  It was my being involved with Anna that brought that joy to all of us.  She is so wonderful to have in our family.  And it was Aimee’s being kidnapped that led us to rescue Jennifer who likely is now paired with Andre.  And then Andre himself would have died of Wasting Disease had Cosette not died because I wouldn’t have met Anna.  Then Liri would never have met Mustafa and their child wouldn’t have been born..
He sighed deeply as he realized the futility of such thoughts, thoughts of what might have been.  Stroking Moon Owl’s hair gently and kissing her cheek, he had to admit that he didn’t hurt near as much as he had during those days before coming to America.  The wind rose then, whispering around the window panes as sleet began to blow against them with a grainy sound.

Chapter 35
As they sat in the dining area of the Harbor Inn and Tavern, each with a stein of ale before them, Yvonne and Stefan discussed what they had learned.  The man in the window of that carriage hadn’t been Ian McCloud, but he had a resemblance of what Yvonne could recall about McCloud.  They had tailed the carriage for most of that afternoon as best they were able and finally they had been able to get out and mix with its passengers in a marketplace.  This man had hazel colored eyes, not the frosty blue that Yvonne recalled.  The three ladies were no one that they recognized.  One wore a broad brimmed hat like Yvonne was wearing, notable only because it wasn’t in style.  She had on sun glasses, but Yvonne had seen those occasionally in France so she didn’t see anything much to interest her in the woman.  They had seen nothing of importance and had let the group depart without following them.
“Stefan; we need recruits.  I think we should get one or two real soon.”
Stefan sighed deeply, saying “We have to see them through their imprinting and all of that for three weeks.  How droll!  Must we?”
“We need vampire eyes and ears and one day we’ll need vampire strength because you and I alone will never take Ian McCloud.  We need to find a proper place to rent for the rest of the winter, a place out of the city, but nearby.  That way we’ll have some privacy for helping these recruits imprint.  Let’s get to it this day.  We’ll buy a newspaper and look there and we can inquire at the two banks here as well.  We’re getting nowhere in this place sipping ale.  Let’s be going now.”
“The Wellington Bank is not so far from here Yvonne.  Let’s try asking there first.”
Within the hour they were listening to a bank employee describe a place with a home and sixty three acres near the western end of Long Island that was available to lease now.  Truth to tell, there weren’t a lot of places available for lease.  In two days they had signed a lease for the place and that night they took their first convert.  He was a young husky male of twenty three years and they transported him to their new home via longboat after dark.
***
The rest of the winter passed uneventfully for Ian, James, and Moon Owl.  The two vampires maintained their routine and managed to help keep Henry Knox’s column fed.  By night time of March 2nd, they had successfully sneaked all of the cannon into the Roxbury area southwest of Boston.  They hid them behind barns and out among groves of trees and in brushy areas so that no loyalists could alert the British.  The local militia was invaluable for that being as they alone knew who were Tories and who were patriots.
Ian and James had decided that both of them had best be there so they had arranged for Moon Owl to stay with Melissa at her place and she agreed to take two evenings off from her job.  Being easily the most popular wench there, the proprietor had no choice but to grant her request.  There was no way he would risk losing Melissa if he could help it.
Late that night after everything was secured; Ian and James sat down with several officers and Henry Knox as he outlined what he wanted.  “I want every single piece taken to the top of Dorchester Heights tomorrow night.  Then we have to work all night to build breastworks to prepare for a land assault on our position.  We want to get there as quietly as possible and get to work quickly.”
Ian spoke then, saying “Those carts will make some noise rolling through the streets.  They were noisy tonight.  What if we took sheaves of straw and blankets and tied them to the rims of the wheels to quiet them?”
Knox looked around the table and all nodded assent.  Looking at Ian he said “That’s a fine idea.  Darren, can you take everyone you can find tomorrow and gather straw for us?  We can get the militia to help us too.”
Darren nodded and then other things such as powder and cannonballs were discussed regarding what order to get them to the top of the hill and where to put them until needed.  They talked until late into the night.  Ian and James both volunteered for first watch guaranteeing the group that they would stay on watch until daylight.
The next day was spent getting ready for the big push to the top of Dorchester Heights beginning after sundown.  By nightfall they were moving and both Ian and James were always together to help push a balky cart.  Owing to their combined vampire strength not even one cart got stuck that night.  Before daylight all artillery was at the top of the hill and construction of a sturdy breastwork was underway.  They knew that either loyalists would alert the British or that they would be spotted by lookouts in the fleet, anchored below them in the Harbor.
Ian and James worked non-stop with the army then, putting up defenses all around the perimeter of the gun placements.  It would be a three day job at the very least they knew.  The two of them agreed to volunteer for duty as night sentries in case the British tried to assault the hill at night.  They assured Henry that no British troops would get past them during the nights and they told him that both of them would be on duty south of Roxbury every night all night.
There was a flurry of activity about the fleet and Knox thought that the British would mount a land assault and try to take the hilltop.  Providence intervened then as the weather became foul and extremely stormy and windy for days on end.  This continued until one day, the 17th of March, Ian was standing with Henry and several officers of the Continental Army looking out over the British fleet.  Ian saw a ship pull up its bow anchor, and then three more did so.  Soon the four had dropped some sail and the prevailing westerly winds began to turn the ships around Ian said “Henry, look down there.  The fleet is leaving.”
“What?  How can you tell?”  He opened his spyglass and watched intently for some two minutes and then he turned to Ian with a broad smile and said “You have sharp eyes my man.”  And then he shouted “They’re leaving!  The fleet is leaving!”  There was a great cheer and then someone said “Three cheers for Colonel Knox!”  The entire column shouted “Hip-hip-huzzah!  Hip-hip-huzzah!  Hip-hip-huzzah!”
They stood and watched as the sails unfurled and the fleet began to depart.  James came running with a huge grin on his face then, slapping Ian on the back he said “Why are they leaving?”
Ian replied “They’re afraid to sit any longer.  Likely they would have attacked our position but for the foul weather.”
“That’s right” said Knox.  I’d wager that Tory spies have reported on how well we have fortified this place by now.  If they march a ground force up here to attack this position, they’ll be attacked from their rear by the local militia while fighting us.”
Ian spoke then.  “They can’t hit us with any ship’s cannon from down there.  We can fire at will and destroy half of them in one day from here.  They have no defense against us and no choice.  Henry, do you think they were loading all of the Tories aboard to take them too?  That might have been some of the activity we saw.”
“I think so.  If they didn’t, there will be some Tories hung in Boston tomorrow.”
James said “Let’s go get the girls and celebrate.  This is a great day!”
“Indeed it is.”  And then he thought now the day is near when I’ll take Moon Owl to her people.  That thought sobered him on the journey back to Boston.

Chapter 36
Colonel Davis sat at the desk provided for him at the new headquarters for the British Northern Fleet in Halifax, Nova Scotia.  “Captain Grundy, it pains me to do this, but you’re hereby demoted to the rank of Lieutenant in His Majesty’s army.  You will report to Captain Taylor of the supply division downstairs, where your duties will consist of the timely provision of supplies for His Majesty’s armed forces in the northern theater of the war.  Here are your orders” he said as he handed them across his desk to Grundy, who saluted him smartly and doing a snap military about-face, he walked stiffly from the office.
As he walked, even though in shock he was also livid with rage inside.  There is nothing so vile that I wouldn’t do if I but knew who it was who robbed that payroll ship he thought.  His mind had sifted and turned over the facts of the case in the intervening weeks since it had happened.  By now it had become suspected that there could have been as few as two perpetrators being as only two uniforms were reported stolen according to the Hessians.  How could two men do that?  It’s impossible.  There had to be at least half a dozen men in on this thing.  Surely at some point in time one of them will slip up and brag about it to someone else while drinking.  Fat chance that will do me any good though.  Supply officer?  The kiss of death in the command structure of the British Army.  There is little chance that I’ll ever rise much above lieutenant in the British Army now given my record and my age of thirty years.  He seethed then as he thought thanks to Ian McCloud my life is ruined.  I’ve lost any chance with Rebecca and my career is ruined.  If I ever have a chance to strike back at McCloud, I will no matter the risk of being caught.  Why should he have a good life and I have only this wreckage of a life left for me to endure?  And how in hell could anyone manage to even know about a payroll ship let alone rob one?
***
Ian, Moon Owl, James, and Melissa all rode into Boston together.  Never had they seen so many people in the streets as this afternoon.  Everywhere church bells were ringing.  You might have thought the war was over to see and hear the celebration.  No longer needing to be disguised as frontiersmen, the two men were dressed in clothing common to that seen in America at that time.  They had to leave their horses and wagon at a livery some six blocks from the center of the city.  Walking toward the Old South Meeting House area then, they noted the jubilant mood of the throngs of people everywhere.
Recognizing Paul Revere from across the street, Ian waved to him.  Revere smiled and came across the street, smiling.  Ian introduced James and Melissa to him.  Smiling he took off his hat and shook hands with James, then bowing and kissing the back of Melissa’s hand and repeating that with Moon Owl, he asked “Are you here to celebrate?”
“We are sir.  James and I just came from Dorchester Heights only yesterday.  We had a fair view of the British fleet leaving.”
“We knew that was why they pulled out.  Were you involved in that affair with Colonel Knox then?”
“We both were.  We hunted for his column as they brought that artillery from Ticonderoga.”
“Everyone’s impressed with how Knox got everything up there so quietly.  We never even heard rumors and then one morning, there were all of those cannon on the heights.”
“The last several days we only moved them at night.  The Militia helped us a lot, getting hiding places in advance and fodder for the oxen too.”
“Come with me, all of you.  I have someone I want you to meet.  You’ll like John Hancock.  He is extravagant but has a good heart and a great sense of humor.  His mentor Sam Adams is here too.  They all feel safe enough to be seen in public now since the British have gone.”
The four walked with him then, Ian and James still answering questions as they went into the Old South Meeting House.  The place was full and buzzing with conversations among the people there.  Walking to a small group at a table over to one side, Revere introduced the four to Samuel Adams, Benjamin Rush, and John Hancock.  All three of the men stood as the ladies were introduced as Monique Orleans and Melissa Willocks.  Chairs were brought around and Revere then gave a sketch of what had transpired to get the cannon to Boston and then to the top of Dorchester Heights.  Both James and Ian were questioned somewhat about how that was done.
Their spirits were high and they discussed tidbits of news regarding the war and the atrocious weather in South Carolina where they had had the worst winter on record.  Hancock then said “We were just talking about the robbery of that payroll ship a couple of weeks ago.  Did you hear about that?”
Ian and James nodded as Hancock then went on “We are at odds about whether it was really Hessians who did it or some others.  What do you two think?
James turned to Ian who using his best and thickest German accent said “Vell, I sink zat it vas Hessians, don’t you James?”  To which James bobbed his head in a very German way and replied “Yah, yah.  It vas Hessians all right, Herr Hancock.  Who else vould have done zat?  
Melissa threw back her head and began to laugh raucously.  Ian then said “Ze poor colonists always get ze blame for zeez tings.  Vass it not savages who tossed all of zat British tea into ze Harbor in ’74?”
James said “Yah, yah!  Zat iss right!  Und yet King Georgie blamed ze colonists for zat too.”  The four men sat wide-eyed but withholding their laughter until the exchange was finished.  Then Hancock and Revere exploded with laughter.  Roaring and slapping the table Hancock said “Oh that’s choice!  I haven’t laughed so since this war started!”  Benjamin Rush laughed almost as hard and even the more reserved puritan Samuel Adams laughed at the two and shook his head.
Ian stood then and said “We’ve promised these ladies some dancing tonight, so we’re off to Faneuil Hall.  Please join us there later if you can.”  He and James shook hands with the four men and then took their leave, leaving them to debate whether those two had really had anything to do with the robbery.  In the end they laughingly concluded that there was no way they could have engineered that and been with Henry Knox bringing cannon to Boston.
The four enjoyed a happy night of dancing then and both James and Ian volunteered to provide some music when the musicians were taking a rest.  Dropping Melissa and James off at her apartment, Moon Owl and Ian returned to their house.  She was animated and so happy now that neither man had to be gone to the frontier any longer.
After replenishing the two stoves and the fireplace, Ian and Moon Owl made love in front of the hearth and she fell asleep there.  Ian thought about getting ready to take her to her people.  He was anxious to see the country beyond the Adirondacks, but at the same time he was sobered by the fact that he would be leaving her there.
Pondering that, he stared into the fire we could just buy a home for both Moon Owl and Melissa, and put it in their names.  That way we could come see them as time and events permit.  Moon Owl could keep the place up and Melissa could keep her job at the tavern.  She would be free of paying rent and Moon Owl could do the gardening and cooking too.  The two of them do get along very well.
Realizing that he wanted to be able to see her whenever he could he felt guilty at even having the idea.  I’ll put it to her after I speak to James and Melissa about it and let her decide.  I hope she’ll agree to stay here, but even so, we can’t say where we’ll be from time to time.  I need to return to New York and see if it’s safe for me to open the Bank there.  Then there’ll be another bank later to open where?  Boston or Philadelphia?  And what of the war?  Who knows where that will turn and which way events will lead us?

Chapter 37
Yvonne and Stefan had overseen the imprinting of eight vampires over the winter.  They had taken four men and four women.  Yvonne had been careful to select only single people as victims being that there was less likelihood of them being declared to be missing.  So many people were flocking into New York for the winter anyway that the pickings were easy.  For the men, Yvonne simply charmed them and affected an interview of sorts that way.  For the women, it took longer as the two of them had to try to learn what they could about a female candidate before taking her.
All of them were poor people, with little to lose and after a time, most came to accept their new life, liking the physical powers they had gained more than what they’d lost.  There was one female named Priscilla that never seemed to embrace her new life, but she did as told and all of them became Adepts of sorts.  None did a blood fast because both Yvonne and Stefan never bothered with it.  Of course they never learned to eat a wide variety of human food either or to tolerate much daylight and none could tolerate direct sunlight even for a few seconds.  They never trained with weapons nor learned to be ambidextrous because again, neither Stefan nor Yvonne knew about how important that was to do while imprinting.
Confined to Long Island, they were only allowed out at night to hunt game.  With so many to watch over Stefan and Yvonne took turns going into New York City.  One day Yvonne hit on the idea of returning to Government House in the hope of finding someone there who she had missed before.  So it was that she was waiting outside of the office of Captain Jonathan Siebert that day.
After introducing herself using her real name, she asked about locating Ian McCloud.  Siebert replied “We haven’t seen him or James Barrows since last fall.”
Smiling sweetly and looking coyly at Siebert, Yvonne lowered her eyes and raised them several times as if she was shy and submissive.  Then she said in a timid voice “I have some business I need to complete with him.  It involves investing my late grandmother’s estate, which Ian promised me he would handle.  I don’t know who else to turn to for that, being as I’m new here.  I do so hate to deal with complete strangers.  Have you nothing more that can help me, Captain Siebert?”
Siebert thought I will wager that McCloud doesn’t think about investments when you’re around!  He said “Colonel Grundy started a vendetta with McCloud.  I think that he and a friend of his fled for fear of being thrown into prison for sedition.”
“Sedition?”
“Well, it was a trumped up charge because Colonel Grundy was jealous of McCloud for taking Colonel Davis’ daughter to a gala one evening.  That is what led to the duel in which McCloud humiliated Grundy and that began his effort at exacting revenge.  It ruined his career too.”
“Can you tell me where I might find this daughter of Colonel Davis?”
Taking a piece of paper, Siebert wrote an address on it and handed it to Yvonne, saying “Rebecca lives with her father there.”
Taking her leave, Yvonne was elated as she returned to her rented carriage.  She thought at last, a lead I can follow.  This is turning out to be a good day.
***
Rebecca answered the door to find a red-haired lady with hazel-green eyes standing there, smiling in a friendly way.  “Hello.  I am Yvonne Devrie and I’ve come here hoping to find Ian McCloud.”
“Please come in, Miss Devrie.”
“Thank you, Miss Davis; it is Miss Davis isn’t it?”
Rebecca nodded, closing the door.  She turned then and looked expectantly at Yvonne, who said “I am Mrs. Yvonne Devrie.”  Judging by her reaction she liked it that Yvonne was married.  Interesting indeed thought Yvonne.  She has feelings for McCloud then.  This is going well.
“I have urgent personal business with Mr. McCloud, Miss Davis.  Do you know how I can reach him?”
Wide eyed and very frank, Rebecca said “Why no, Mrs. Devrie.  Ian and his companion left New York City in quite a hurry for fear of being tossed into prison.”
“Oh?”
“Yes.  It was my fault for trapping Mr. McCloud really.  I wanted to attend a gala and I asked Mr. McCloud in public to take me.  Really he had no choice being that there were three people there at the time and he would have looked bad had he refused.  That made a British officer very angry and that’s how it all started.”
Yvonne only looked at her with an inquisitive smile, but thinking you wanted more than a dance, Rebecca!  But she said “How unfortunate!”
“Would you like to leave an address with me?  I’ll be happy to pass it along to Mr. McCloud when he returns.  Or you might try leaving a message for him at the bank they had built or at Government House.”
Yvonne left her the address of the place they were leasing.  McCloud wouldn’t come there, but she might send a letter in the mail to them if he did come back.  She thought of just returning that night and abducting her but considered it then I don’t dare kidnap a British Colonel’s daughter and cause that type of turmoil.  That’s something we don’t need.  Why take care of a human when McCloud is on the run hiding in this big country?  Smiling pleasantly she took her leave.
As the door closed Rebecca thought and who are you really, Yvonne?  A Tory spy perhaps?  There is something strange about you.  Your skin almost glows and your eyes are….different.  She thought about it a bit and then she thought of her feline grace and thought my God!  She has a way about her similar to Cosette regarding her grace and the way her skin seems to have a glow, but her eyes don’t have the warmth that Cosette’s do.  She has an exotic beauty like Cosette, but she is different too.  I don’t like her.  But what is it that makes me think of Cosette when I think about this one?

Chapter 38
“Did you talk to Louis about crossing over, Celeste?”
“Yes.  We can proceed with that soon” she said as she fastened her gaze on Marie.
Marie nodded and came to Celeste to hug her.  “Celine is a rare jewel, and a sweetheart.  You’re blessed, and all of us are by the three of you being in our family.  What’s troubling you?”
Leaning back to lock her eyes on Marie’s, while still holding on to her, Celeste said “Ian is becoming attached to a native American Indian girl.”
Marie gazed intently at her then as the wind whistled past the dormer in that room.  The grandfather clock in the foyer began to chime the hour then as she said “Have you told anyone else?”
“Only Liri.  Oh Marie, he left here so broken-hearted and he’s nearly alone on a strange continent in a different world that’s at war.  He thinks that both of his wives are dead, and maybe he even blames himself for that.  I understand…..really I do.  But this will hurt Cosette terribly, Marie.”
Marie pulled her close gently then, saying “not if she doesn’t know of it.  And even if she learns of it, Cosette is a remarkable woman, and has a great capacity for compassion.”
Celeste leaned away again, sighed deeply, her doe eyes looking sad as she nodded agreement.  Marie went on then “Her love for Ian will overcome anything, even something like this.  Trust me on this, Celeste.  I know them both, even better than you do.”
Celeste embraced Marie again, laying her head on her shoulder as Marie stroked her hair and continued “Our part is to keep quiet about this and to be supportive of both of them.  We can do no more.”  Gently taking hold of both of Celeste’s shoulders she brought her to where the two were eye to eye as she said “I want your opinion of an idea I’ve had for a little while now.”
Celeste raised her eyebrows questioningly as Marie continued “I think I know of a way that we can teach Celine who Ian is and maybe that way we can help her to bond to him.”
Celeste looked at her wide eyed then, holding her breath for several seconds as that sunk in.  “What do we do then?”
“Aimee’s with Celine right now.  Come let me show you.”
As they entered Aimee’s room, they saw Aimee playing with Celine and came to the pair smiling.  Little Aimee beamed up at them as she said “She’ll be ready for a nap soon.  I saw her yawn twice.”
Celeste bent and picked Celine up and walked to a love seat and sat with her on her lap as Marie opened her arms to Aimee.  Aimee leapt effortlessly to her arms and Marie carried her to the love seat also, sitting beside Celeste and Celine with Aimee facing the infant.
Marie spoke to Celeste then, saying “Now tell Celine that we’re going to see Ian.  Turning to Aimee she smiled radiantly and said “Aimee, I want you to hold Celine close and think only of Ian and of all the things you’ve done with him and how you love him.”
Celeste handed Celine to Aimee who held her to her breast and began to say “Celine see Ian” as she took one of Celine’s little hands and placed it upon her cheek.  She smiled sweetly at Celine as she began to think of the time that Ian took her to the swimming hole and taught her to swim, and of their times frolicking in the water together and riding horseback, with her riding on Ian’s lap around the estate.  She kept saying “Ian.  Ian, Celine.  This is Ian.”
Celine’s little mouth drew up in a sweet little smile as she said “Ian.  Celine sees Ian.”  Suddenly Aimee’s eyes took on a distant look as little Celine looked earnestly at her, placing her other hand on Aimee’s other cheek.  There was complete silence for maybe two minutes and then Aimee’s eyes seemed to focus again as Celine said “Ian.”
The two women looked at Aimee expectantly as Aimee looked at the two wide-eyed, whispering “Celine just went…she just took a walk through… through my memories.”
***
Loading the last of the new tools into the wagon, Ian turned to Moon Owl with a broad smile.  “We’re ready now” he said.  Moon Owl looked about the place as if she was taking it in for the last time.  It was a place of wonderful memories even though she had shared it with this remarkable man for only a few months.
Ian had offered to buy both her and Melissa a house to share while he and James were gone, and at first Moon Owl was enthusiastic until she learned that Ian would be gone so much of the time.  Then too, the war was raging even more now with no end in sight.  She had declined the offer and decided to go to live with her people.  Ian assured her that she could return to Boston or New York or wherever else he was living if she wanted to.  He promised to visit her and she knew now just how fast he and James could travel if need be.
About then James rounded the corner with two saddled horses, a grin on his face.  He had spent his last night with Melissa and had told her about returning Moon Owl to her people, which had surprised Melissa.  She had no idea that her new friend was one-fourth Seneca Indian, but she understood that she would want to be with her people.
Her disappointment at not having Moon Owl for a roommate was tempered by the fact that James had bought her a cottage in the west end of Boston.  She had been wide-eyed and deliriously happy to have a home of her own, completely paid for.  There were three acres with it, and a small barn in the back.  It was only four rooms, but that was so much more than she had been used to in her apartment.  She had cried tears of joy when James handed her the title and the key to the front door.  It only cost a small fraction of what the two had stolen from the payroll ship last winter anyway, and both James and Ian thought that she should have it.  James promised that they would make any repairs needed when they returned from the wilderness.
Ian had bought two yokes of oxen and two fine saddle horses with saddles for the trip.  He had taken the time to have the blacksmith remove all horse shoes.  The horses would be left with the Seneca people and there would be no blacksmith available within three hundred miles.
The things that Moon Owl wanted to take were packed away in a sturdy new wagon.  She had given her best dresses to Melissa to keep in case she returned.  Ian and James had had more copper boxes made that spring at Revere’s shop, and had succeeded in hiding all of the rest of the startup funds in three different cemeteries along with much of their loot from the payroll robbery.  They had more than enough money in gold and silver coin with them for several excursions.
Ian had two short swords and scabbards made to his specifications, designed to be hung in the center of their backs between their shoulder blades as he was accustomed to.  The two of them each had custom oversized tomahawks and Ian had packed six more of the standard-sized ones for gifts, along with six hair brushes and hand mirrors for some of the women.  He had bought a tomahawk pipe as well and had a goodly package of tobacco, tightly wrapped in oilcloth.  The tomahawk pipe was a highly prized item in the colonies among whites and Indians alike.  James had bought six baby chicks, two large bags of cracked corn, and a sizeable wooden cage just two days before they were to depart.  They reasoned that Moon Owl could look after them and that she could start a flock when she was settled.
With Moon Owl driving the wagon they departed.  Both men looked forward to the journey and to seeing the sights in the great American wilderness.  They would have to pass through Mohican and Mohawk territory to get to where the Seneca people lived, so both Ian and James were wary at all times.

Chapter 39
They had passed into Mohawk territory some days ago and were making decent time on a glorious spring day in early May.  Fording streams with four oxen and two vampires was never a problem, nor did they ever find a hill too steep to cross.  Ian and James had been learning the Iroquois tongue from the time they had met Moon Owl and both could speak it quite well.  There had been a cool front pass through the previous evening and the wind was a steady light northwesterly breeze.  Ian had been in the lead since they had broken camp that morning.  Dismounting now, he stood waiting until James and Moon Owl had caught up to him.  He turned to James and said “James, let’s tie our horses to the wagon and I’ll lead on foot.”
“I thought I smelled something too.  How far ahead are they?”
Shrugging he said “I can’t hear them and I doubt that they know we’re here yet.  Let’s just drive ahead to those rocks on our right hand.  Act as if nothing is wrong.  I’ll lead, but you walk back here with Moon Owl.”
They proceeded to the rock formation and while Ian kept watching the forest ahead, James got Moon Owl to leave the wagon and to take cover beneath the rock outcropping where they had stopped.  Leaving both horses tied to the wagon, the two fanned out; having some sixty feet of space between themselves, and being directly out in front of the broadside of the wagon by about the same distance.  Both men stood rock still in typical vampire fashion, waiting.
To Moon Owl, the time seemed to drag, but it was only a matter of some three minutes or so when the first one came into view.  He stopped and held up his hand, not to greet them, but to stop those behind him.  He was puzzled because there before him were two white men without their long guns.  Presently nine of them were in plain sight.  Ian and James had attuned their hearing now and could easily detect any others who might be hidden if they moved.  Soon enough, Ian decided that the nine they saw was all of them.  He spoke to James in French, saying “I make them at nine, no others around now.”
“Agreed.”
Ian spoke then in the Iroquois tongue, saying “Greetings.  We come in peace.  We travel to the land of the Seneca.”
The leader spoke then saying “Why do two unarmed white men go to the land of the Seneca?”
“We only wish to take a daughter of the Seneca to her people.”
“What daughter of the Seneca would travel with two unarmed white men?”
Without turning around Ian continued in the Iroquois tongue saying “Moon Owl, show yourself, but stay there.”
She stood up then in plain view and spoke saying “I am Moon Owl of the Seneca people.  I go to my mother, of the people of my Sachem Tall Elk, and these two take me.”
“How is it you travel with these two?”
 “They took me from a white man who killed my husband.”
“How do we know that you’re not here but to trap beaver in the land of the Mohawk?”
“They only travel with me to keep me safe until I am home.”
“Your home will now be with the Mohawk, and your white men’s scalps will decorate my lodge.”
Ian spoke then in French “Be ready to stay down, Moon Owl and cock those two pistols I gave you right now.”  Then switching back to the Iroquois tongue Ian spoke again, saying “We come in peace, but if you make war against us, we’ll kill seven of you here and now.”
There was laughter then among the band as the leader said “Why not kill all of us, boaster?”
“We’ll leave two of you alive to tell what happened this day when you made war on a daughter of the Seneca.”  Switching to English he said “James, let your eyes glow now!” 
There was a muttering and three of the band pointed to the two, talking excitedly as both Ian and James’ eyes glowed brightly.
“Death to the shining eyes!” cried the leader, throwing his spear straight at Ian’s chest.  About that time another gave a loud cry and ran forward throwing his spear at James.  Both vampires simply reached out with one hand and caught the spears in mid-air.  There was a wondering cry from several of them, and then the leader unslung his bow, sending an arrow toward Ian.  Several of the others did so too and both Ian and James deflected some, batting them away with their hands.  They each caught the last two sent their way, then holding them aloft for the braves to see.  The leader was enraged more than afraid and pulling a massive stone tomahawk he charged Ian who simply stepped to meet him and grabbed his wrist as he tried to strike his head.  He stepped back then, and while pivoting he slammed his hip into the leader, he throwing him high and some thirty feet toward the wagon.  The leader tried to roll and come up but Ian was on him in a blur of motion and twisting the tomahawk from his grasp, he smashed it down on the man with such force that his skull burst like a ripe melon.
James had been rushed by two of them so he simply drew his sword and decapitated the one who got to him first and then ran the second one through in less than the blink of an eye.  The two rocketed toward the six remaining Mohawks then, eyes blazing and began to slaughter them.  In only seconds, there were only two remaining, and both of them were lying flat on their backs with James and Ian’s feet on their necks.  The remainder were lying about in the awkwardly skewed positions of death, all decapitated.
Eyes glowing fiercely Ian bent near the one beneath his foot and wiped his sword clean on his buckskin leggings as James did likewise.  Both were silent, but trembling and wide eyed, not able to take their eyes off of the ones who stood above them.  Ian reached down and jerked the one lying at his feet upright and then he put one hand around his neck and lifted him from the ground, arm outstretched as if he was holding an apple instead of a grown man.  The brave gagged and kicked his feet as Ian said “We have no time to play with silly children like you two.  Run and tell your people what you’ve seen this day.”  He dropped the brave who immediately collapsed and coughed repeatedly, catching his breath.  He got to his feet, trembling as he asked “Who will we say has done this thing?
“We are those who hunt at night.  You will say that the night hunters did this to protect a Seneca woman.”
 He backed away from Ian, who picked up a spear and tossed it to him saying “Take your toys with you.  We’ve no need of such things.”  The two picked up their weapons, still wide-eyed and backed warily away and Ian shouted “Stop!”  Pointing south he said “go that way lest we see you again and kill you.”  The pair did as he said, watching warily as they backed away to the south.  Ian turned his back on them in contempt as did James and the two fled without looking back.
Moon Owl came out then and Ian came to her reaching out to take both pistols.  He un-cocked them both then.
“Are you all right?”
She nodded, pale and wide-eyed.  Never had she seen them move at vampire speed before and was still in shock.  He smiled gently then and took her in his arms, kissing her forehead softly and smoothing her hair.  She reached around him, pulling him tightly against herself.  Finally she spoke “I…I didn’t know that you could move that fast…that way.”
“We don’t do that unless we fight others of our kind, but this time we had something very important to protect” he said as he again bent to kiss her gently.

Chapter 40
Margaret Milliken came to her husband, Robert and sat on the arm of his chair.  He sat poring over dispatches from Ian, his brow furrowed in concentration.  She put her hand on his shoulder and peered at the text he was reading as Robert paused and leaned back in the chair.  “It looks like Ian’s in the Boston area now and has safely hidden away the balance of the funds.  Seems he’s stayed a step ahead of a Colonel Grundy the whole time.  It’s a personal matter involving a misunderstanding over a young lady in New York.”
Margaret laughed softly saying “I will wager that the lady took a fancy to Ian and this Grundy chap took offense.”
He peered up at her and laughed as he said “I should let you read these things since you seem to know what’s in them already.”
“No it’s just that I’m sure that Ian wouldn’t jeopardize a bank startup by pushing his way into someone’s life.  That being the case, it may have been the young lady who was the pursuer and I would bet that’s the case here.”
“Well, he did the right thing hiding the funds and leaving to avoid a conflict, however he did fight a duel with the man.”
“Really!”
“Yes.  It seems he was backed into a corner where his reputation would have been tarnished, and by connection the bank would suffer as well.  He had no choice but to teach the man a lesson.  It says here that he humiliated him and that he regrets that, but didn’t know how to get out of it.”
“I’d love to have seen that!”
Looking up at her with a smile he said “Yes.  I’ll wager that you’d like to see that, you vixen.”
Laughing then she bent to kiss him softly and then began to nuzzle his ear and to kiss it softly as he said “Before I lose my train of thought, Henri reports that regarding that fellow who was sent to spy on him, he’s building a list of people he contacted in France.  One of them is Donatien Francoise, the Marquis de Sade.”
“No!  That pervert?  How could he possibly be interested in what Henri Lafayette does?”
“That’s to be determined, but now that Henri knows of Francoises’ interest in his affairs, he will be examining his affairs very closely.”
“Too bad for Francoise” she said as she laughed again.  “Did you send all of the Lafayette’s mail to them?”
“Yes, not more than four hours ago.”
Taking the report from his hands she said “Then come along love.  I have ideas that can’t wait.”
***
“Pass the butter please, Cosette.”
She reached into the picnic basket and got the butter and passed it across the blanket to Stuart.  Rebecca said “Cosette, May I ask a personal question?  I notice that you always wear gloves outdoors and a very wide hat.  Is there a reason for that, if you don’t mind my asking?”
Smiling sweetly she replied “I don’t mind at all.  I have a skin condition that makes me break out when I get direct sunlight.”  In fact we vampires break out in flames, but you don’t need to know that she thought.  “I have light sensitivity too and that’s why I have these sun glasses on so much of the time too” and we vampires love these things she thought.  
She’d been watching a peculiar looking man out of the corner of her eyes for some time now.  Never once turning her head his direction, nonetheless she had noticed him from the moment he had slowly edged into her peripheral vision.  He stayed in deep shade, but he wore a rather lumpy shapeless broad-brimmed hat of some sort, and she was certain that she’d seen him somewhere before very recently.  As she thought back, it seemed that the man was in deep shade that day too.  She wondered if there were other vampires in the New World yet and then she decided that she was likely just overly sensitive because of all of the things that had happened to Ian.  Just relax and enjoy the day she thought.
 She smiled then as she saw how attentive Stuart had become recently when around Rebecca.  She was now listening to Laura listing the virtues of James Barrows and it wasn’t hard for Cosette to pick up on how smitten she was concerning James.  Seeing this she again thought of Ian and sighed deeply, thinking Ian where are you?
***
 “We’ve been in the land of my people nearly all day now.  We could see a hunting party at any time.”
“Don’t look around right now, but maybe that ‘s who has been shadowing us for the past half-hour.”
“I’ve seen nothing.”
“I have and so has James.  He signed to me some time ago, and he’s watching them too.”
“How many?”
“Anywhere from four to six.  When we get below that bluff just ahead on the left we’ll stop and call out to them.”
In less than a minute they were there and Moon Owl stopped the Oxen.  Ian and James fanned out some thirty feet apart and around that distance from the two ends of the wagon.  They stood far enough out from the bluff that they could easily see anyone who was on top of it.
Ian called out in the Iroquois tongue then saying “We come in peace with Moon Owl, a daughter of the Seneca.  We seek Tall Elk.  You have no need to hide from us.”
A brave presently stepped forward and the first thing Ian noticed was that he didn’t have the distinctive Mohawk hair style.  He spoke then “We Seneca watch over our lands, but we don’t hide ourselves from unarmed white men.”
Moon Owl spoke then, saying “I am Moon Owl and these two white men take me to be with my people, the people of Tall Elk of the northern tribe of the Seneca.”
“We know of Tall Elk.  He looked at Ian then saying “Have you seen any Mohawks?”
“We have.”
“How many?”
“Nine.”
“Were they peaceful?”
“They became peaceful.”  There was a pause as they digested that.
“We didn’t know that they were peaceful now.”
“They’ll be more peaceful in the future.”
There was a pause as they digested that and then he said “You are two days journey from the village of Tall Elk.”
“Then we’d best be going.  We’d like to camp near water tonight.”
“You will cross water before night comes.  Go in peace.” 
“Please take this gift from us and go also in peace” said Moon Owl as she handed Ian a small packet of tobacco wrapped tightly in a scrap of oilcloth.  She had prepared it from their supply for this very purpose.
The brave opened it and smelled it, saying “It is the white man’s tobacco.  It is good.”  He passed it back to the ones behind him then, saying “We will smoke it this night at our camp and tomorrow night at our village.  Thank you.”
The three nodded, smiling and Moon Owl urged the oxen forward as the braves melted into the forest after the one who spoke raised his hand in a farewell gesture.
At their camp it was the usual routine of one of the two getting game for Moon Owl to eat and her cooking it.  The two stayed on patrol away from the camp fire for much of the time.  There was no chance whatsoever of anyone surprising them at night, and neither Ian or James bothered to eat human food in her presence any longer while traveling.

Chapter 41
Two days later they came to a gentle knoll and Moon Owl pointed to a low ridge saying “My village is beyond that hill, by a river.  Even as she spoke, Ian became aware of people moving stealthily toward them.  He and James moved out in front of her and the oxen some fifty feet or so and waited, empty-handed.
Presently eleven braves stepped into view.  Ian held up his right hand and said “Greetings.  We come in peace to see Tall Elk.
 “We are the people of Tall Elk.  Who is this woman?”
“I am Moon Owl and you’re Gray Fox” she said with a bright smile.
His face split into a broad smile as he said “Moon Owl; it is you!  Where is Pierre?”
“He was murdered by a man who took me and these two killed him and brought me here.”  Three others came to them then, smiling and greeting her by name as Gray Fox said “Come to the village now.  We will tell everyone that Moon Owl has come home.”
***
The family sat in the large parlor waiting expectantly for Henri to speak.  They had decided to avoid the Lafayette suite of rooms at the other hotel.  Henri had easily lost the man following him because he wanted to make sure that he never got to see any of the family outside of himself.  So they had met in the suite reserved for the Laforges.
“We have more correspondence from America to share” said Marie as she passed a letter to Aimee, Celeste, and to Henri who had not had time to read the personal ones.  After each had read their letters they exchanged them with others who also read them.
“Cosette and Stuart are staying at the Millhouse home as Celeste told us and it seems Ian has left Boston to return an Indian woman to her people this spring.  Likely they are there by now.  The startup funds for the two banks are hidden in cemeteries in and around New York City and Boston.  He was helping a column of men move artillery to Boston and the British fleet abandoned that city and left.  He has reason to believe that the person who sought his harm has since been discredited and hopes that it will be safe to return to New York City in the summertime or later and resume work on the bank.”
“Oh!  That’s good.  Cosette will find him then” said little Aimee as she squeezed Jennifer’s hand, smiling up at her.  Jennifer reached and put her arm around Aimee, drawing her nearer and kissing her.
“Our Jennifer, alias Miss Anjolie, is doing a fine job as our contact for our friend in the King’s Gendarmes, Claude Rousseau.”  There was a smattering of applause and Jennifer blushed a bit, nodding towards the others as Aimee smiled broadly.  Henri continued saying “She also followed him to the home of the Marquis de Sade recently.”  There was an instant change in everyone’s demeanor then as some leaned forward expectantly.
“It seems that Monsieur Francoise may be investigating the death of his brother, or supporting those who are doing that for other reasons.”
Marie spoke then saying “We should assume that whoever escaped from that coven in Austria has since contacted both Francoise and this Miles Edwards of London to try to learn about us.  We may assume a motive of revenge because we now know that there is an Arnaud Moreau who is the younger brother of Aldric.”
Li spoke then “We’ve kept the existence of our family secret from this investigator then?”
Henri said “Yes.  For now he seems intent on following me around; that is as long as I allow him to, this evening being an exception.”  There was scattered laughter then from the others.  “I’m only taking him to places still held in the Lafayette name.”  Everyone nodded agreement since the name ‘Laforge’ was to be the next name that Henri and Marie would use.
Henri continued “We know that two vampires were sent to America to find Ian and we must assume that they’re waiting for him to return to New York City and resume work on the bank.  The fact that I’m being followed tells me that this goes back to that incident in Austria as well.  It’s safe to assume that some of the vampires who escaped from the Francoise mansion have joined with Moreau to exact revenge, so Cosette could be in danger even now.”
Sophia spoke then saying “This Moreau must have brought the younger Edwards over when he went to London the first time.  It seems to me that we can expect him to return to France and to see what this investigator has learned.”
“That’s a very good point Sophia.  After all, what good can he do in England now?  He might even recruit vampires from here to help him take Henri.”
Mustafa’s eyes glowed deep amber then as he said “I’ll be only too glad to take care of him when he comes here.”  Li’s eyes glowed too as he nodded agreement.
Henri spoke again saying “We may want to see who he contacts here.  It would be nice to know if he has any vampire friends hereabouts..  That way we can make a clean sweep when we strike.”
Everyone nodded then, most with their eyes glowing.
Louis said “Celeste, can you warn Cosette some way?”
Celeste looked up from Celine who was asleep in her arms, saying “I’ve never tried to do that but I’ll try it once before I cross over.”
Henri said “I have sent word to Cosette concerning this, but it takes weeks to get a letter to America even from England.  New York City even now is a sizeable place so we should be assured that Cosette will be safe simply by being just one person among thousands.  By summertime she’ll know all that we do and can help by warning Ian when he returns.”
Little Aimee piped up then saying “Ian has his prickly alarm.  He’ll know it as soon as one of them lays eyes on him.” she said with pride.
Celeste thought when he returns to New York City will he be thinking of banking or of Moon Owl?

Chapter 42
Having unpacked all of the tools, Ian and James went to the forest to look for Poplar trees for the cabin they would build.  They had received a warm welcome from the Seneca people of Tall Elk and had smoked a pipe with Tall Elk and the elders the evening they had arrived.  The reunion of Moon Owl and Snow Fawn had been touching.  Both women had cried tears of joy as they embraced each other.  The gifts they had brought were distributed by Moon Owl and there were some very happy people there with new iron tomahawks, hair brushes and mirrors.  Ian had brought four well-made compasses and had shown Tall Elk how to use them after giving one of them to Moon Owl with a leather thong so she could keep it around her neck.  There had been singing and celebrating until late in the night.  Ian and James had spent the night near their wagon and Moon Owl had slept in it, no longer being accustomed to a long house full of people.
James had gone hunting later and had returned with an elk mare.  They had presented it to Tall Elk the following morning and he was suitably impressed that the white man had gotten game at night.  After Ian had brought him two deer on two successive mornings at daybreak, he had begun to call the two by their names with a last name of ‘night stalker’.  So Ian was now known as ‘Ian Night Stalker’ among the Seneca
This being their fourth day there, after bringing in game, they had started to build a cabin for Moon Owl and her mother.  It was not too far from the two long houses that all of the people stayed in, but was on ground that was a little higher.  Ian suggested that due to the proximity of the river just to be on the safe side.
They had packed two double bit axes, a two man crosscut saw, a single saw, two adzes, two draw knives, a brace and bit set with augers, hammers, chisels, splitting wedges, shovels, scythe, numerous other tools and a pick.
In some three weeks they had three walls up consisting of Poplar logs and a fourth that was all flat river stone mortared with mud and a tough stringy weed that grew nearby.  It was nearly two feet thick and formed one end of the structure, housing the main chimney for a sizable fireplace.  Constructed for cooking, the fireplace featured two swing-arms, each capable of easily carrying the weight of the two large kettles they had brought with smaller cast iron and copper vessels.
A wood-burning stove which they had brought along also had been provided for with an exhaust port for its exhaust pipe built into the same stone wall.  The stone would function not only as an end wall but also as a heat sink to store the heat produced by the stove and fireplace.
The cattle would stay outside on the north side of the stone wall and plans were to add their barn on to that end of the dwelling later in the summer before they would depart.  Ian had instructed both women to heap the manure against the stones in the barn to generate extra heat all winter long.  The manure then could be used for the community garden that they had brought seeds for the following spring.
In another week the lower and upper rafters were notched and fastened in place.  At this point Moon Owl suggested that they take time away from building the cabin.  She wanted to take the two to see the great falls, which was four day’s journey to the north.  Ian asked for two more days to get ready, and asked for help from the tribe’s women to finish one of the deer skins of the many deer which James and he had brought into the village for meat.
She had shown her mother how to use the scythe and had asked her to cut the tall grass that grew in abundance near the river and to spread it in the sunlight to dry.  She explained per Ian’s suggestion that they would soon begin thatching the roof when they returned.
Ian had taken the finished deer hide and had fashioned a sling for Moon Owl to ride in when they were well away from the village.  It was similar to a canvas sling that he had made for carrying Alandra and Celeste when he lived in France.  When that was ready, they departed the following morning.
As soon as they got a half hour’s distance away from the village, Ian pulled the sling from his rucksack and put it on.  With James carrying Ian’s rucksack and sword, they rocketed away as fast as Ian could run.  After she became accustomed to the speed they were traveling, she would tell him when to change direction from time to time.  She was flushed with excitement, never having imagined traveling at such a speed.  The wind roared in her ears and caused her eyes to stream tears.
At midday, both he and James stopped to take nourishment from their flasks.  After doing their teeth and taking their dried spearmint leaves, the trio was on their way once more.  Moon Owl had never even seen Ian or James clean their teeth and she was very curious.
Shortly they rocketed away to the northwest and ran non-stop for some three hours until a distant roaring sound could be heard.  Moon owl guided them to within a few hundred yards of where they would see the sight and then she asked to walk the last distance with them.  She led them to a great rock bluff where they walked out to see the most impressive natural spectacle either man had ever seen.  The very rock they stood upon trembled constantly and the falls filled their field of view nearly entirely.  They both were awe-struck and Ian turned to Moon Owl and said “I’ve never seen such an impressive sight as this.  What do you call this place?”
“We call it the Great Falls.  There are a group of people here, some came from the Seneca, Some from the Erie, and some from the Algonquin people on the other side of the river.  They all live together in this area, a bit apart from us, but still friendly toward the three nations that they came from.”
“What are these people called?
“We know them as the Niagagarega.  They are the people of the Niagara.”
“Have any whites seen this before us?”
“Yes, there have been French trappers through here.  One was named LaSalle and maybe one was named Champlain, but I am not sure.  There have been others; perhaps one of them was named DuQuoin.”
“James, I’d like to see how big the river is that can spill this much water.  Can we do that, Moon Owl?”
“What you see is a great lake draining into another lake.  Both are many months journey to walk around.  They both are so big that one cannot see the other side of them, and even bigger lakes are to be found to the west of this one.
“Have you seen those?”
“No.  I have heard of the elders of our village tell of them and they say some of those lakes are like seas, but yet they don’t have salt water.”
Ian looked at James who said “This is a marvel… and those lakes…  I would love to see them some day.”
“As would I, James.  Would anyone like to eat some fresh fish this evening?”
Within a half hour, Moon Owl watched in fascination as both Ian and James hand fished in a shallow backwater around a mile below the falls.  They had simply bounded across the water to rocks here and there, Moon Owl in her sling gasping every time they leaped to another rock.  In some half an hour, Ian and James had caught some eight fish by hand.  Knocking each one in the head with the handle of their knives the two had tossed each one to Moon Owl to put into their ruck sacks.
She wanted to clean the fish as that was women’s work among the Seneca, but she was amazed to see how quickly James cleaned them at vampire speed.  She could barely see the blade of his hunting knife moving as he reduced their catch to sixteen cleaned fillets in less than two minutes.
In some thirty more minutes the two were back at the place where they had first seen the falls.  James started a fire while Ian looked for green poplar sticks to skewer their fillets.  He had salt in his ruck sack so the three settled down to watch the sun set over the falls as they roasted their fresh caught trout.
Later on they had added fuel to their fire and the three sat around it telling stories of their childhood.  They sat until quite late and then Ian had Moon Owl climb into her sling and he bounded away into the blackness, toward the falls.  A short distance from where they had eaten, they found a perfect place to bed down for the night.  There was a really thick carpet of pine needles and a good view of the falls.  Ian pulled the two tightly rolled blankets from his ruck and wrapped them around Moon Owl, taking her in his arms then to warm her as the moon came up into their sight.
She gave a deep sigh as she sat between his legs and lay back against his chest as they sat in silence, listening to the eternal roar of the falls.  The blankets warmed her and the warmth of his body seeped into hers, arousing her.  She turned her head to him and reaching up, pulled him down to kiss him.  Not too long after that they made love there.
***
After six idyllic days exploring the area, the trio turned toward the village of Tall Elk and with Moon Owl secure in her sling, they rocketed away one morning.  By midday they were near the village and she walked the rest of the way with Ian as James went hunting.
She had seen how Ian and James caught game and bled it, using the small copper bowls and storing the blood in copper flasks.  Moon Owl had a distinct memory of that day when Ian said to her “No human has ever seen me feed, Moon Owl.  You’re the only one.”  She thought it strange, but she’d dressed game since she had been a child and wasn’t squeamish at the sight of blood at all.  She concluded that she was honored that he would show her something that he kept private from all humans.
That night, Chief Tall Elk invited Ian and James to a council meeting in one of the two long houses.  Moon Owl told them that this was an honor because they’d be asked to speak at the council and not just watch as the women and children would do.
The Sachem used the tomahawk pipe that Ian had presented to him and also the tobacco which they had given for a gift when they had arrived.  The council spoke of some squabbles with the Mohawks and of how they might make the following winter easier than this past one had been.  There was discussion of two upcoming marriages and of where game was now most likely to be had.  Ian sensed that there was something in particular which the Sachem and likely some of the council members wanted their opinion about.
The Sachem finally began to talk about the redcoats coming to offer money to the Seneca if they would attack settlers in the Mohawk River Valley area.  Apparently there had been an expedition the year before where the British had offered to pay the Seneca for scalps taken from settlers.  Ian looked at James who had a grim look on his face at hearing that.  Most rural settlers knew little about the war and were entirely focused on homesteading a plot of land and eking out a living.  They had a better lot than they would have had in Europe and had their land and knew little else but now Ian heard how they were targeted as though they were in the thick of the conflict.  This sat heavily upon him as he listened to the Sachem give the details of how they would be paid.  He concluded that the Seneca hadn’t taken the British up on the offer and turned to Ian and James, asking them to speak their mind on the subject.
Ian took the pipe and puffed it, handing it to James and stood to speak.  “Tall Elk and the elders of the Seneca give me a great honor to speak at this council.  I am younger in years than many of you and lack your experience in life.  One thing I have that you do not is that I have lived among the whites and I know how they think.  Even I didn’t know that the redcoats were doing what you’ve told me this night although I heard rumors.
“In my view the British are cowards and without honor to make war upon people who know little about why the whites in the cities fight against their king.  To make war on women and children is the worst kind of cowardly act and I would not hesitate to tell that to any man, be he red or white.”  Here he stopped and stared around the lodge, allowing his words to sink in and he fastened his penetrating frosty blue gaze on every man seated at the council fire, one by one.
He continued saying “Where is the honor and glory in making war on farmers and their families?  One day, the redcoats will go back across the sea to their home.  When that day comes, is it not better for the Seneca that they never made war on the white settlers?  If the Seneca make war on the farmers, after the redcoats leave won’t the farmers make war upon the Seneca for revenge?  Where is the profit in that?  It is folly to be drawn into the war that the redcoats started with their own people.  Let the whites attend to their own problems.  There are more important things for the Seneca people to be occupied with, such as the Mohawks, and also the Mohicans who have been forced to come here by the whites.”  He looked around at each council member then, eye to eye as he had in the beginning and then he sat down.
Tall elk puffed the pipe and passed it to James who also puffed it.  Then James passed the pipe back and stood, saying “I stand with my companion Ian on this matter.  It is folly to be drawn into the white man’s war on either side.”  He looked around at each member as Ian had done and sat down.
An elder spoke up, saying “With the redcoat’s money we can buy goods at their trading posts.  Without it we must trade furs of the otter or beaver and we do not get a fair exchange.”
Another spoke and said “Better that than that the settlers have bitterness against the Seneca for the deaths of their friends and children.  Why should we sow the seeds of war for convenience?  The night stalkers’ words have wisdom and I think we should heed them.”
Ian stood then and said “You elders have decisions to make concerning your people.  We’ll leave that you may speak freely.  We’re honored that you’ve let us speak to your council.”  He and James then walked out of the long house, and within minutes were hunting to the south some six miles from the village.  They each brought back a deer and hung the carcasses up on the framework where the hides were cured.
Ian confided to James that he was going to be personally involved in the war until it was done.  “James, what the British have done on the frontier is despicable.  I’ll help the Americans until this war ends because of this.”
Moon Owl awaited the pair at the cabin site and was already rolled up in her blanket asleep on a pile of thatching underneath their wagon when they arrived.  Ian settled beside her, drawing her to him as she took his hand and pressed it to her lips sleepily.  He thought I could easily get used to living like this among these people.  Their lives are so simple and that’s refreshing to me.  Moon Owl is a wonderful companion too.  I could be happy with her from now on, but I have to do what I came here for.  My family is depending on me to lay the foundation for our move.  How would Moon Owl fit in with us?  Could she bear to be separated from her people for my sake?  More to the point, do I have a right to expect that?
Unbidden then a montage of visions of all of them passed through his mind.  He felt little sorrow at this recollection, and that was the first time that it had been this painless since Alandra had died.  He wondered at that and concluded that it was due in large part to his growing love for Moon Owl.  For some reason Cosette seemed to be the predominate person in this montage, even dominating over his mother, brother, Aunt Mary and Uncle Angus.  He thought ah, Cosette.  Would that you could have seen the things I’ve seen.

Chapter 43
Spring turned into summer and both Ian and James worked steadily on the cabin.  The thatched roof was completed under Ian’s watchful eyes.  He had helped to install thatched roofs as a boy some eight times in Scotland and knew enough about it to make one of them weather resistant, the chimney area really being the only tricky part.  Moon Owl was with Ian and James constantly and by the time they had finished she knew how to put fresh thatching over the existing
They framed five windows, two to the east, flanking the cabin’s only door, one to the south and two to the west.  James made covers to fit each window opening for cold weather or when it was stormy.  They were hinged at the top with leather straps and tied up outside in fair weather for ventilation and light
Toward the last of the construction, Ian made a front door for the cabin, hanging it on six leather hinges with a sturdy wooden sliding bar latch to keep it closed in bad weather.  James fashioned a table during this time and both of them worked with green hickory and bull rushes to make four chairs.  Two beds were framed in cedar and designed so that deer skins could be arranged on them for sleeping.  Ian suggested putting the skins over cedar foliage which was plentiful.  It would make a comfortable surface to sleep on, and would be up off of the cool stone floor.  He told her to wash it in the river before bringing it inside to remove insects and their eggs.  She was told to add to it around once a month and it made the cabin smell extra nice too.
Moon Owl was thrilled and her mother had become more enthusiastic as she saw the place taking shape.  Although it was only twenty four feet by twenty feet, it was weather tight and cozy, and would provide a warm dry place to spend winters.
The cabin was mostly finished and ready for them to occupy.  One of the last things that James did was to present Moon Owl with six well cured skins including four bear skins for rugs so that the stone floor would not be so cold in wintertime.  Ian gave her and her mother a pair of warm bearskin robes with matching hats for cold weather wear as well, and presented each a pair of house slippers made of bearskin too.
Moon Owl asked Tall Elk to have the village come there to see the cabin and suggested that they have a big feast.  Ian promised to take out the violin he had packed away and provide music for the occasion.  This was noised about the village the day before the feast and many began to prepare for it.
The day of the feast everyone in the village was invited to look at Moon Owl’s home and everyone in the village came in to see it.  There was a lot of curiosity over the wood burning stove and the fireplace and swing-out arms.  The long houses simply had a hole built in the roof to allow the smoke to escape when a fire was kindled inside.  The Indians cooked mostly out of doors so the people were all amazed to see that Moon Owl could cook indoors all year long and have no smoke to contend with.
Ian got out his violin then and played a lively Gaelic tune which James and Moon Owl danced to and after a while James played while Ian and Moon Owl danced for everyone to see.  There were none interested in dancing to the white man’s music except some of the children.  The three took turns teaching those children the dance steps.
After everyone had eaten their fill of fish and venison, the village men led Ian and James to an open grassy area and produced everything needed to play Lacrosse.  They split into two teams and set up goals at each end.  Leather strips wound around and secured made the ball that was used.
It was a rough and tumble sport the way the Seneca played it and quite a ruckus was made when a goal was scored.  Finally calling a stop to the game Gray Fox came smiling to the two men with two rackets and asked them if they would like to play.
Ian and James looked at each other and nodded, splitting up so that one of them would be on each team.  Soon enough they dominated the play and each guarded the other well enough that neither could score.  Everyone was amazed at how fast the two could move and how hard either man could sling the ball toward the goal.  They were very careful to play in such a way as not to harm anyone on the field, but when crowded or pushed either one would quickly give better than they got.  This translated into the men of the tribe giving great respect to the two of them as they quickly learned that either man could knock down any brave on the field and not surrender the ball.  The two kept each other in check and that amused the Indians a lot.  The game ended up a tie which both James and Ian thought was a good thing, given the passion with which the tribesmen played.
The summer wore on and both Ian and James learned to track by sight, being taught by Gray Fox.  Even such things as slightly bent down undergrowth or scuffed moss on a rock could signify that something or someone had passed through an area.  Combined with their keen sense of smell and eyesight the two had learned a valuable skill from the Seneca
Both of them made kills with borrowed lances.  The Indians were slack-jawed with amazement the first time they ever saw Ian throw an iron-tipped lance.  He hit a buck broadside from some one hundred fifty feet away and the lance went clean through the deer for a quick kill.  They soon learned that James could throw a lance just as hard and just as far as Ian and they openly marveled at the physical prowess of the pair.  Still, they held back showing their true power for fear of too many tales circulating to the few whites who did come through the area and especially to the British should they ever return.
The two were made adopted sons of the Seneca one evening at a brief ceremony presided over by Tall Elk.  As the simple ceremony unfolded, Moon Owl beamed at the two with pleasure, her eyes shining with unshed tears of joy.  Ian felt a lump in his throat at that sight and felt great remorse knowing that the day of his departure was near.
They worked diligently then to complete the barn addition for the horses and oxen they would be leaving and even got to break ground for the garden to be planted the following spring.
James wanted to return to Boston and Ian reluctantly agreed, knowing that he was duty-bound to go with him.  Both were sure that the war was still being fought, but Ian knew his time to return had finally come.
He made a point of going around to all of the people of the tribe to say his goodbyes.  Speaking to the Sachem and the elders that last evening he admonished them to let the Mohawks know that he and James were adopted sons of the Seneca and that they now lived in their land.  “James and I had to kill seven of them when we were coming here with Moon Owl.  We allowed two of them to live, so they know what we’ll do if they make war against the Seneca.”  Tall Elk then rose and came to stand before Ian and James to say goodbye formally which was a great honor in the sight of the elders and people.
Ian set a departure date of four days and told Moon Owl.  She was sad, but accepted it very well.  On their last night together, she came to their bed and said “I wouldn’t even be here with my people if not for you and James.  You told me in the beginning that you had to complete your work for your people.  Tell me about them, the ones that are like you and James.”
Gathering her into his arms then, Ian told her somewhat about each one, and the circumstances under which they had become members of the family.  He introduced each one in the order in which they came to live with the Lafayettes.  She was quite intrigued and was somewhat surprised at some of the violent events that he had been involved in.  She was especially surprised that there was a child vampire among them.  Ian explained the circumstances of her crossing over and finished by telling her how wonderfully sweet Aimee was and how much they all loved her.
“Moon Owl, those battles were not everyday events, but you wanted to know and there was a lot of fighting and killing in connection with some of my family coming to live with the rest of us.  We kill vampires who kill humans and we’ll always be that way no matter where we live.”
“Are your kind here in this land?”
“Other than James and I, there are none that I know of.”
“Why is that?”
“It’s quite hard for us to be able to come here and not be discovered by the humans we sail with.  Others will come though when better ships are built.”
“Will your family come here?”
 “Yes.”
“Will the whites keep coming then?”
“Yes.  They live in cities across the great sea that have as many people in just one of them as all of the Iroquois people put together.”
“Cities with that many people?”
“Yes lass, and I will tell you that I saw a city in China once that had well over a million people in it, far bigger than any city in Europe.”
She was silent as she digested it, saying “They’ll someday change this land, the land of the Seneca.”
“Yes they will.  It can’t be stopped, but you may never see it in your lifetime.”
“What should the Seneca do?”
“The Seneca and other nations of this land must change and adapt to how it will be.  They’ll have to learn the white man’s tongue too.”
“I believe you.  And I’ll miss you” she said, turning to him then and putting her arm about his neck she pulled him close to kiss him.
“I’ll miss you too, Moon Owl, truly I will.”
They made love then with great tenderness and she awakened twice that night to make love again.  He held her close all night, speaking to her if she was awake, holding her if she was asleep.  It was tender but bittersweet too.  He truly hated parting from her and was surprised at how he had come to love her so.
The next day before they departed, he took her face gently between his hands and spoke softly to her saying “You’ve made my time here in this land so wonderful that I can’t put words to it.  I’m going to miss you very much.  I don’t know what’s waiting for me out there, but I want you to promise me that should I not return, you’ll someday marry a fine man of your people.”
She gazed somberly at him then, saying “I can’t promise that.  No one can replace you in my heart.  I’m glad that you brought me to be with my people and I will wait for you here.  Good bye, love.”
They kissed then tenderly and he turned, shrugging into his ruck sack and trotted off to join James.  In minutes the two were rocketing through the great American wilderness toward Boston.

Chapter 44
“Stefan, I’ve had a really good idea.”
“I hope it’s better than babysitting eight vampires, Yvonne.  This is getting to me, and how will it be when winter comes?”
“Well, we need to keep them away from people in order to not draw attention of the law-enforcement officials hereabouts.  I thought of leasing some run-down place to get them out from underfoot and to give us some privacy, but we can’t trust them unsupervised.”
“Well, I hope they’re of some use to us for all of the bother.  So far all they do is watch the Davis and Millhouse homes, and that captain Siebert.”
“What else can we do, Stefan?  This is a big country and we have no other resources here.  We have to wait and be patient for McCloud to return to his bank and take up where he left off.  Then we’ll form a plan to overpower and kill him.  I sent a letter to Edwards in England about our progress and I asked for more money.”
“Do you think he’ll send it?”
“Yes, being as we are building a coven and have furnished him with an address, all in good faith.”
“Well, I hope he sends it, and killing McCloud can’t happen too soon for me.”
“Stefan, other than us who is most motivated to get revenge against McCloud?”
He pondered that for a bit, and then said “That has to be that Grundy fellow.”
“Correct.  What if we bring him over?”
He sighed deeply and replied “Another vampire to imprint and watch over?”
“Bear with me a moment, Stefan.  He is as motivated as we are, and he has contacts in the British Military and knowledge of their tactics.  Not to mention that he is a renowned expert in both swordsmanship and marksmanship with either pistol or musket, according to Captain Siebert.”
“You would bring him over so that we would have a skilled fighter then?”
“Right.  Wouldn’t he make a welcome addition to our coven?”
“In that light, yes he would, if we could find him.”
“That’s where Captain Siebert comes in.  He’ll know or he can find out.  Once we can speak with him in private, we can convince him to join us to get his revenge against McCloud.”
“And if he refuses?”
“Then we’ll take him by force, and besides, I can be most persuasive if need be” she said with a smile.
“To hell with that!  I will force him myself if need be.  Who has he to turn to once he is a vampire?  Only us.  He’ll throw in with us after that no matter what else he feels.  Mr. Grundy is joining us whether he likes the idea or not.”
Yvonne didn’t bother to tell Stefan that she had already formed an ‘alliance’ of sorts with Captain Siebert before word of Washington’s approaching army had forced the relatively small British presence to hastily evacuate New York City.
Siebert was infatuated with her and since she had given him a taste, he was hers to do with as she pleased.  Like the constable in London, this man was mad for her now.  She laughed inwardly at her cleverness.  The sole purpose of this conversation was because she only wanted for Stefan to think that he had some sort of input to her plan.  She thought The British may yet take back this city and when they do I have an ally in their army.  I’ll have your head, McCloud.  I’ll have my revenge for the pain you put me through.
***
Melissa came running as she had seen the two frontiersmen approaching her front door.  She flew into James’ arms, laughing delightedly and covering his face with kisses.  “Melissa, I’ve missed you, but you’re making a spectacle for your neighbors.”
“Bah!  Let them ogle me.  What do I care?  You’re here now and what else matters?”  She laughed as he picked her up like she was a child and whirled her around, holding her over his head effortlessly.  Ian stood off to one side smiling, his hat in his hand as she turned and came to him, kissing him on his cheek saying “It looks like you’ve taken good care of James so I’m glad to see you too, Ian.”
“Oh I wouldn’t have dared allow a hair of his head to be touched although some Mohawks wanted to lift his scalp.”  She gasped and covered her mouth with both hands, but seeing both of them laughing, wasn’t sure if Ian was serious or not.  She said “Now tell me truly, is that so?”
James laughed and said “It is, but Ian and I changed their minds real fast.  Do you want to go into town now?”
“Silly boy!  I have better ideas than that” she said with a laugh as she took both of his hands and drew him toward the cottage.
Ian laughed and said “I think that means it’s time for me to go into town.  I will be staying at our old place should you want me.  Good bye, Melissa.”  Turning away he walked down the stepping stone path and turned at the gate, walking toward the center of Boston.
He walked toward Faneuil Hall to see what he could learn.  Along the way he thought likely by now Henry Knox has Dorchester Heights so well fortified that it would take a massive British invasion to take it back.  I doubt they’ll try to take Boston back.  Too many would die.  They only had a small number in New York so if Washington has run them out of there by now that may be their next target.
As he arrived he saw Paul Revere coming out of the door.  Hailing him, Ian came over and smiling broadly the two shook hands.
“Ian, where have you been?”
“In the wilderness, Seneca country.”
“So far away?  Whatever for?”
“I was keeping a promise I made to take someone to her people.”
Revere looked at him, clearly puzzled so Ian explained the circumstances.
“I would have never taken Monique for being part Indian.  You did a good job of schooling her, Ian.”
“She’s one-quarter Seneca and she is really bright.  Besides, I knew that she’d be hurt at the treatment she would receive if others knew about her origin.  I would prefer that you keep this to yourself, Paul.”
“I won’t speak of it.  Say have you heard that the Declaration of Independence was signed in Philadelphia?”
“I only just got back today.  So this is a formal declaration, a formal split with England?”
“Indeed it is.  The delegates signed it in early July at the second Continental Congress.  Hancock was there as a delegate and so were Sam and John Adams.  They’re likely to have heard of this by now in England.  We can expect things to heat up now for sure.”
“I predicted this and it started things going sour for me in New York.  So it has been quiet here then”
“Yes.  Oh we hear that the British have occupied Staten Island, just a few miles across from New York City.”
“Hmmm.  So Washington did run them out after I left.  They’ll invade eventually.  No way to stop them from building up ground forces from the sea.  No doubt they’ll only move when they have a very large force.”
“Everyone thinks so.  There are supposed to be a lot of Tories there, friendly to the British.”
“That’s true.  Regarding the Declaration though, I would very much like to read it.”
“You’re in the right place because it is posted inside.”
“Who wrote it?”
“Well, it was written by a young Virginia planter named Thomas Jefferson, but there were four others on the committee who modified it somewhat.”  
“Was anything written to do away with slavery then?”
“It was, but the Congress deleted it for fear that over half of the colonies wouldn’t sign it.  They fear their economies would collapse.  Insisting on it would guarantee that the British would win this war because those colonies with a lot of slaves would withdraw from the war.”  
“Hmmm.  That’s likely to be true.  Still it’s a sad thing, Paul.  The British for all of their shortcomings have abolished slavery in England.”
“Yes, but their merchant sailors capture and sell them here, the hypocrites!  And Rhode Island has as many as any colony.  They breed and sell them to the southern colonies.”
“I never knew that.”
“Jefferson was disappointed.  Old Ben Franklin had some input there, as well as John Adams.  Both advised Jefferson in the writing of it along with a couple of others.  Oh, by the way Franklin is going to France I hear.”
“Franklin; I know that name.  He wrote ‘Poor Richard’s Almanac’.”
“Yes.”
“Why is he going to France?”
“He’s an emissary of our newly formed confederation.  The Congress is trying to convince the French to enter the war and fight against England.”
Ian furrowed his brow, lost in thought for a few seconds and then he fastened his eyes upon those of Revere and said “I have very influential contacts there that have loyal men inside of the French government.  These men have access to the King, Paul.  I’ll send a letter to France.”
“You have contacts in France, truly?”
“I was a banker there for one of the biggest banks in that country and I even helped start a network of sister banks in other countries over there.  We have a secure method of communicating.”
Shaking his head, Revere smiled saying “You always surprise me, Ian.  Will these contacts be sympathetic to our cause?”
“I’m a senior officer and one chosen for starting up two banks here in America.  Believe me, they will.”
“I suspected that you and James might be more than just two frontiersmen.”
“Well Paul, we adopted a convenient disguise after the British closed our bank and came after us.  We figured that they wouldn’t be looking for two frontiersmen.”
Laughing then, Revere shook his head saying “I must go.  Good luck with your efforts.”  He extended his hand then and departed at a brisk walk heading toward his shop.
After reading and re-reading the Declaration, Ian was profoundly affected by it.  Although simple, it was a great statement; one sure to shake the world.  He was disappointed that the abolition of slavery had been deleted from it and thought that would become a big problem in later years.  Still, he realized that the whole effort of organizing would have fallen apart otherwise, and that would hand a victory to the British.
He would craft a sufficiently boring economic report to encode the vital information and would also send a packet of letters for Scotland and for his family in France.  Soon enough he would pay to send it all to London on one of the few ships that still traded in Boston.
He was certain that any British ship leaving Boston would be boarded and searched.  American ships stayed in port or stayed overseas far away from England for fear of being seized by the Royal Navy.  No doubt they were offshore, doing whatever they could to keep needed supplies from entering Boston and to prevent any patriot communications from getting through to enemies of England.
***
Three days later he found a two-mast galleon bound for London in two more days.  They were hauling dried manure as that was the only thing that the Crown would allow to get through from Boston at the time, and the only thing that Boston would export.  He had carefully made his secret communications concerning Henri helping Benjamin Franklin in a well-crafted economic report and had written four personal letters as well, telling his families that he would soon be going to New York City.

Chapter 45
Laura answered the door before the butler could and found a Sheriff’s deputy standing there, hat in hand.  Lucas Ross introduced himself and asked if he could come in.  Laura smiled and nodded as she took in the sight of this man, liking what she saw.  He was in his late twenties, tall like Ian, a cleft chin, clean shaven, with wavy sandy-colored hair and sharp hazel colored eyes that looked as if they missed little.  She thought that he had a stern look about him, but an open and pleasant demeanor at the same time.  He had regular features and like James and Ian he was on the lean side.  Opening the door wide she gestured for him to enter and then looked at him inquisitively.  He said “Ma’am, there has been a body found nearby and we’re asking everyone in the area if they’ve seen anything that might give us a lead as to what led up to him being killed.”
She put her hand to her mouth in shock and said “Please come in, Deputy Ross.  I’ll get everyone.”  Leading him to the parlor she said “Please be seated.”
He nodded and sat in a large wingback chair, looking about at the opulent surroundings.  In under a minute he saw two older ladies preceding Laura and then an exotic looking young lady and a young man following all of them.  Rising he introduced himself again and Thelma Millhouse introduced herself, her sister Merriam, Laura, Cosette, and Stuart.
“As I told Miss Laura here, I’m investigating a death that happened nearby.”
“Excuse me Deputy Ross” said Thelma as she went to a table nearby and picked up a delicate looking summoning bell and rang it.  The butler appeared and she instructed him to bring the staff.  Turning to Ross she said “Please excuse the interruption Deputy; they’ll be here shortly.
In under a minute the butler, maid, and cook joined them and were introduced to Ross after Thelma gave a brief explanation of why he was there.  He then spoke, saying “I’m hoping to find something that will help us determine how this happened.  What with the British Navy bringing in more troops to Staten Island every day and a general uneasiness in the main part of the city, we’re shorthanded.  To tell the truth, we came out only at the insistence of a passerby who saw this fellow in some bushes alongside the road.  We think that he might be one Leonard Morehouse.”
Thelma spoke then, saying “There is a Morehouse family some four doors to the south of us, on the same side of the road.”
“Yes.  I’ve been there already and Mrs. Eunice Morehouse is even now looking at the body to see if it’s her son.
“How horrible!”
“Have any of you seen anything out of the ordinary around this area, or maybe any wild animals around, such as a wolf?”
“Good heavens Deputy Ross!  There are no wolves left on Manhattan Island, are there?”
“Well, I didn’t think so, and wolves are very wary of humans and usually stay well away from them.  But still, we’re baffled by this thing.  There is a bite on the man’s neck.”
“I know who Leonard Morehouse is” said Merriam.  “He raises horses at a place further to the north, around a mile from here.  He is tall, ruddy complexion, rusty reddish hair and a moustache.”  About then Laura chimed in “That’s right.  I remember him well; always outdoors a lot, and a really pleasant fellow, well liked around here.”
“That sounds a lot like this man, but he is as pale as a ghost, in fact far paler than is normal for a corpse.  You will excuse me, but he looks as if he has no blood in his body.”
Cosette looked at Stuart and he turned slowly to her, raising his eyebrows, which Ross noticed.  Sensing something, he said “Do either of you know this man?” as he looked directly at Cosette.
Fastening her eyes on him, she replied with a slight smile “We’re new here in New York, just visiting really.  We don’t know the man.”
Ross took her measure as she spoke, noting her striking poise and her unique voice as well as her beauty.  Used to sizing up people at a glance, he was baffled to realize that he had no category in which this young woman fit.
“Well, if none of you have seen a wild animal in the area, I’ll take no more of your time today” he said as he rose to leave.  Laura smiled sweetly and came forward to show him out when Stuart spoke “Cosette and I have seen people mauled by animals in Scotland.  We could come and look at the body if you don’t mind.”
Ross turned back to the two; eyebrows raised and said “No, thank you.  That’s not necessary.”  He nodded to everyone then, smiled briefly and turned to follow Laura to the door.  Turning there he thanked her for her time, noticing once again that she was quite pretty and noting the absence of an engagement ring as well.  Her auburn colored hair was done up in a bun, but he imagined it let down, with the wind blowing through it, and noted again her large beautiful hazel colored eyes.
Saying good bye, he wondered why he had looked to see if she was engaged.  Shaking his head at his own behavior as he made his way to the place where the body was found, he noted the fine quality of the homes in the area and thought how strange that an animal attack would occur here, and not in some more remote location of Manhattan Island.
Eunice Morehouse was being led away by her daughter, both of them weeping as he signaled to his assistant to bring the wagon up to the site.  Before the two could load the corpse though, he paused and instructed his assistant to wait there.  Jogging back to the Millhouse home he operated the large brass door knocker and shortly the butler answered.  Laura appeared then, smiling sweetly as she said “Deputy Ross.  May I help you with something else?”
He thought you can tell me how a lady as pretty and as sweet as you are isn’t married or engaged.  Answering he said “I am going to take that lady up on her offer….you know, Cosette?”
“Oh yes.  Please let me go and get her” she said as she disappeared into the parlor.  Shortly Cosette and Stuart joined him there and he informed them that he had reconsidered and would like their help after all.  Cosette nodded and excused herself for a moment, going up the grand staircase.  In a moment she reappeared, tying on her wide-brimmed hat.  She seemed to flow down the staircase with a feline grace, not touching the handrail.  Ross noticed that she had long gloves on now and had put on sun glasses that were hanging around her neck as she approached them, smiling slightly.  What is it about her?
When they arrived at the scene, Ross stood back to observe Cosette and Stuart.  She removed her sun glasses and peered intently at the body.  It was as he said; abnormally pale with a near circular bite wound on the side of his neck where the carotid artery would be.  She looked at Stuart then as he looked at her.  Ross thought there’s something there.  What do they know?
Cosette turned to Ross then, and smiling sweetly she said “I spoke out of turn, Deputy Ross.  This is not like any wolf attack I’ve seen.”  Looking at Ross, Stuart said “I haven’t seen a bite like this before sir, but no wolf did it.”
Ross thought well, with the war coming to New York City now this case will languish.  I’m still baffled by it.  I wonder what those two know that they’re not telling me.
 Taking their leave, Stuart and Cosette turned and walked toward the Millhouse mansion, not looking at each other nor speaking.  As they turned into the ornate gate to walk up the wide brick walkway, Cosette turned to Stuart and said “There are vampires in New York City other than us three, Stuart.”
“Aye Cosette.  You have company now.”

Chapter 46
As the trio walked toward Revere’s shop, Melissa clung to James’ arm, questioning the two about all that they’d seen and done while with the Seneca people.  Revere was just coming out of his door and locking it when they arrived.
Turning to go he smiled broadly at them “Ian, James, Miss Willocks.  Can I help you with something?”
“Yes, Paul.  Melissa is here to buy a mirror and your shop is the first place we thought of.”
Laughing he unlocked the shop and said “I’m always open if there’s even a farthing in sight!”
Ian turned to James with a laugh “You’ll pay more than a farthing for any of Paul’s work and you’ll get your money’s worth too!”  He followed them as Revere took them to where he had two wall mirrors and three hand held mirrors displayed.  As the two looked at them, he turned to Ian and said “I just heard that the British fleet has now vacated Nova Scotia.  We’ve set watchmen up and down the coastline.”
Ian looked intently at Revere, and then said “I doubt they’ll try to take Boston now, Paul.  My guess is that they will land more troops at Staten Island.”
“They’ve already started that.  We sent word to Washington himself that the entire British fleet is gone from Nova Scotia.”
“When they get a big enough force, they’ll invade New York City.”
About then Melissa came to Revere with a hand held mirror and James asked him to wrap it.  Asking about the wall mirrors while he paid Revere, he was given a price on them.  Revere continued to talk to Ian, but included the other two also, speculating on the British and how they might attack New York City.  James stepped away and came back holding a wall mirror and said “Wrap this too, Paul.  We want it, don’t we Melissa?
She turned wide-eyed, putting a hand over her mouth and saying “Oh James!  Really?”
“Really.”
Ian laughed then and turning to Revere he said “We had better get out of here before James spends all of his money.”
Revere laughed in turn saying “What’s your hurry?  I have a tea set that I just know Miss Willocks would love.”
James said “Oh I’m sure of that!  Especially as popular as British tea is in Boston” as everyone laughed together.
Opting to pick up the wall mirror later, the trio departed from Revere’s shop and as they walked, Ian said “I’m of a mind to go to New York.  It may be that I can be of help to the Continental Army there.”
“When are we leaving then?”  The question had a double meaning as James wondered if Ian needed his help or if he could stay with Melissa.  She looked anxiously at Ian, as if she sensed that he was the leader in things of this nature even though she had never been told that.  She just seemed to know it.
 “I’ll go alone.  You two have been apart too long for you to run off with me somewhere, James.  You remember the carpenter in Hoboken?”
“Yes.”
“I’ll leave word with him if I settle anywhere around New York for a while.  If not him, then I’ll leave word with Bessie at the boarding house.”
“Why not just stay at the bank?”
“I’m certain that the British are going to invade New York City.  There’ll be no banking business done down there.”
“Why not just tell Rebecca or Laura where you’re staying?”
“There may yet be someone watching them.  Best not to cause them get dragged into anything.  Grundy may have friends who are helping him.”  He didn’t have to add that it was best to stay away from Rebecca now that he was so attached to Moon Owl. 
They said their goodbyes then and Ian turned to go to the tenant house where they had all stayed the past winter.  He had paid the lease up until the end of this year and used the place only for storage of his things and for an address when in Boston.
Within the hour, a tall frontiersman left the tenant house and began to trot toward the south, a long rifle slung over his shoulder and a packed ruck sack on his shoulders.  At nightfall, he stopped briefly to remove his boots and socks and soon he was rocketing through the night to the southwest.
Some five hours later he saw many campfires in the distance.  Certain that it was the Continental Army he approached warily nonetheless.  Hailing a sentry long before he was seen, Ian asked to see Henry Knox.  He was waved on and came to a tall wooden stockade.  Another sentry inside challenged him and he gave his name and that of Henry Knox.
Within a quarter of an hour he had been taken into the stockade and to a large tent and as he approached it Henry came out.  Seeing Ian he bellowed “Ian McCloud!  Come here man!”  Ian walked to him grinning, and the two gave each other strong bear hugs, slapping each other on the back grinning.  Stepping back then Ian exclaimed “Why sir, you’ve gotten a promotion!”
“So I have, Ian.  I’m now General Henry Knox!”
“Well sir, they’re lucky to have you.  Can I help in any way?”
“Just rest here tonight with us.  We’ll catch up on things.”  He poured himself a glass of brandy after offering one to Ian and said “I’m having a meeting soon with several officers.  Say, I heard a funny story about a British payroll ship that was robbed in Boston Harbor.  They were saying that some fourteen thousand pounds sterling was stolen by some patriots.”
“It was eleven thousand four hundred sixty pounds.”
“You seem to know the exact amount, Ian.”
Ian rolled his eyes skyward and said nothing.
Laughing now Knox said “Oh my!  I’d wager that old King George’s spectacles were covered with steam after he read that dispatch!”  He laughed again for a good while and produced a handkerchief to mop his brow then.
Ian laughed with him and then said “I’d like to go down to Staten Island and look around.  I’ll report back tomorrow.”
Looking surprised Knox nodded, saying “Very well.  We can always use the latest intelligence.  The British fleet has been landing troops there for several weeks but there is really getting to be more traffic to the place now.  I should still be here when you get back.  Be careful now.”
Standing up then, Ian took his leave.
Rocketing southward past Hoboken and Newark, he came to where he would have to swim to Staten Island around an hour later.  He was across in minutes, and after swimming ashore and slipping past sentries, he ran full out to dry his clothing.  Within an hour, he had stolen and donned a tall lieutenant’s uniform, and was walking through the rows and rows of tents for several hours.  He estimated that there were some twenty four thousand British regulars and marines and around nine thousand Hessians too.  Staying well away from sentries he nonetheless was able to make a count of the ships and came to a staggering number of around four hundred.  His keen vampire eyes easily marked the men of war and numbered them at near to seventy.  Slipping into a tent, he stole a Hessian sword from a sleeping officer and soon was swimming across to New Jersey.  He rolled up the wet British Uniform and the Hessian saber with it and stuffing that all into his ruck sack, he donned his wet clothing and rocketed north to Knox’s location.  It was just after sunup that he came to the fort, hailing the sentries and waiting for an escort to see Knox.
In minutes he was sitting across from General Knox.  He was introduced to three of Henry’s subordinates, all Colonels.  The next half hour he gave as detailed a report of what he’d seen as possible.  One of the Colonels took down the details and at the end, one of them said “Those are higher estimates than what we have, Mr. McCloud.”
Ian stood up and walked to the door of the tent and retrieved his ruck sack.  Taking out the British Lieutenant’s uniform and the Hessian saber, he said “Did any of your spies bring back anything like this, sir?”  The four men gaped at him unbelievingly, and Henry said “My God Ian!  You stole those last night from that camp?”
Ian smiled and said “Well sir, It wasn’t as hard as you might think.  After all, they weren’t using them at the time.”

Chapter 47
“Is everyone ready now, Stefan?”
“Yes.  Let’s get going.  The soldiers are everywhere and we have only two hours until sunrise.”  The American forces had been pouring in from the north, coming across the East River from Manhattan via Kingsbridge and by boats too.  They had made two fortified sites nearer to the harbor than the property that Yvonne had leased.  Several days earlier while on a hunting excursion they chanced on a British encampment to the south of their home, nearer The Narrows across from Staten Island.  They were establishing a beachhead and daily the numbers of British increased, but not in staggering numbers.  Today was different as several thousand came ashore.
Fearing an attack on the American forces immediately to their north with them caught in the middle, Yvonne and Stefan knew that they must get their coven to safety.  They had to move at night for fear of being stopped and questioned by British regulars or bands of Tory Loyalists who had turned out to welcome the British.
Yvonne had found two different barns that were not in use, the cattle having been sold for slaughtering to feed the British Army.  They were to the northeast some twelve miles and far enough away from the American fortifications to be out of the battle area.
Within some thirty minutes the ten vampires had rocketed to the site and after Stefan reconnoitered the area, they were waved into the barn.  The farmhouse nearby might have been vacant that night as no light was seen to be burning.  Speaking to the eight new members of her coven, Yvonne said “We stay here all day, out of sight.  We hunt to the east of here, further from the battle zone.  We will wait this out until it’s resolved one way or another.  Eventually we can return to our place.  Is that understood?”
The others answered her one by one, some saying yes and some only nodding.  Priscilla only stared at Yvonne, saying nothing.  She thought look at what my life has become.  I am now a creature of darkness, feeding on other creatures forever.  Would to God that I’d never been in that place when Stefan found me.
***
Ian accompanied Henry Knox and his officer to Manhattan, to Washington’s headquarters on Broadway Street.  Ian mainly loitered about outside, trying to take in the atmosphere and the expectations of people he would see.  While he’d been gone, the small British presence in New York City itself had evacuated as Washington’s army approached.  He had volunteered to take any communications to any place at any time, but specified that he had to work alone.  He put it to Henry that there were no men in the Continental Army who could keep up with him and that they’d be a liability and slow him down.
Knox didn’t blink at that, believing it whole-heartedly after seeing what a fine hunter and scout he had been in the back country of New York that past winter.  So Ian carried messages back and forth from Washington’s headquarters in New York for some four days.  On August 27th, Washington departed from Manhattan to the area near Brooklyn Heights on Long Island.  He was convinced that only a partial force of the British was pulling a feint and the rest would attack Manhattan after Washington responded to the attack on Long Island, so he had gambled and split his forces.
From the estimated numbers he heard, Ian feared that the British might go inland somewhat on Long Island and flank the Continental Army, surrounding it instead of attacking Manhattan.  They would keep their entire force intact and possibly capture half of Washington’s army including maybe him too.  He voiced that to Henry once before they all departed to Long Island that day.
***
Two days later by evening it was apparent that there was indeed a large force of British working to flank them and Ian feared it couldn’t be repelled considering the numbers he had seen at Staten Island a few nights earlier.
It had begun to rain off and on and nearly all of the forces of the Continental Army on Long Island were now at Brooklyn Heights.  Washington had an aide dispatch Ian to alert a General William Heath to have a Colonel John Glover to be ready to transport Artillery from New Jersey to Brooklyn Heights for support there.
After giving Heath the message, Ian added “If there are no artillery reinforcements, I wouldn’t delay returning here.  We may need to evacuate back to Manhattan.  I’m pretty sure that we will be surrounded soon enough.”
Not accustomed to a messenger having an opinion at all, Heath looked keenly at Ian and said “Why do you say that, son?”
“Sir, I saw the size of their force on Staten Island.  It is above thirty thousand, maybe nearer to thirty five thousand counting Hessians.  If they haven’t attacked Manhattan by now, where are they?  With that many coming from only one direction, it seems to me we’d be overrun by now.  I think they’re circling to the east and flanking us with a large force.”
Heath looked keenly at him, nodded and dismissed him.  Ian left then, and resolved to begin looking for anything that would float.  With his own eyes he had seen the size of the forces the British had at Staten Island.  They were either going to invade Manhattan, or they were surrounding Washington’s forces even now.  He figured that he couldn’t go wrong getting all of the boats he could find along the riverfront and getting them back downstream to Brooklyn Heights.
Washington had ordered some broken down hulks sunk in the lower East River to create a navigation hazard and deny the Royal Navy access to it.  That had been a good idea in Ian’s estimation and he worked throughout the day simply untying boats wherever he found them and adding them to a string he was putting together.  He brought seven of them to shore not far from Brooklyn Heights on the only ground that the Continental Army still held and he gave charge of them to a young lieutenant there, saying that he was going to keep bringing them in case they were needed.  As the day wore on, he had begun to get a feeling of foreboding about the nine thousand men trapped at Brooklyn Heights and he again brought a string of five more boats. 
***
The Millhouses, Rebecca, Stuart, and Cosette all watched across the east river, seeing the smoke of battle and hearing the boom of cannon near Brooklyn.  The rattle of musketry came now and then as the fickle winds would bring it.  From that distance, no details could be seen, yet those who had come to the knoll near the shore couldn’t take their eyes from the source of the sounds.  All watched as if at some point, they would suddenly be able to see something.
Stuart spoke then, saying “Does anyone know why the British aren’t trying to bombard Washington’s forces from this river?”
Thelma spoke then and said “Washington ordered some hulks sunk at the mouth of the river maybe a mile south of here.  The Royal Navy can’t get past them.”
“They have enough of a navy here to have removed them by now with barges and derricks.”
“There are cannon here, Stuart.”
“Yes, but not enough to withstand a bombardment by the Royal Navy.  They could fire on the guns on this shore while they had other ships of their fleet remove that wreckage.  We’ve seen hundreds of British ships.”
“Well it is a good thing for the Continental Army that you’re not in charge of the British Navy here, Stuart” said Rebecca, turning to smile at him.  
Stuart blushed a bit and said “I apologize for that, it’s just that I’m thinking out loud I suppose.  What do you make of it Cosette?”
“I keep thinking of Ian, wondering where he is now and all……I see what you’re saying though.  With so many ships here, you’d think they’d make every effort to do what you said.  This is a good thing for the Continentals I think.”  She sat then staring eastward like the others, thinking where are you, Ian?
***
Ian made his way to near Washington’s command center only to see Henry Knox with some artillery, overseeing the reinforcement of a battery there, looking to the north.  About the time Ian greeted him and had told him he was bringing boats, Knox was summoned to a meeting.  
It was not half an hour when he came out and handed orders to Ian saying “Tell Heath to have Glover get everything he has that will float over here now.  We’re evacuating tonight.”  Turning then he began to bark out orders to his commanders for the moving of the artillery to the shore of the east River.
Ian reached Heath’s Headquarters in only minutes in the drizzling rain, running at vampire speed when he could avoid being seen.  Heath looked at Ian after reading the orders, and said “Looks like you were right.  We’ll have everything that can float get over there when we can.”
In only minutes Ian delivered that message to Washington’s adjutant and waited in case a message needed to be sent out.  It was beginning to grow dark now and there had been sporadic cannon fire all day from the Continental Army but the British guns had fallen silent.  Ian soon learned that they’d stopped their advance and were digging in for a siege.  He thought that their navy might try to clear away the sunken hulks and cut off any chance at retreat across the East river back to Manhattan in the coming days.  There was a slim chance that they might get off of Long Island before the British overran them if they worked all night.
The young adjutant called to Ian by name, saying “Take these to General Mifflin.  He’s at the south redoubt now.”
Ian was there in only a few minutes then, and Mifflin himself opened the dispatch.  “Well it looks like we have to keep all of the campfires burning while the Army evacuates.  Can’t have the British suspect we’re leaving.”  Dismissed then, Ian was soon at the Brooklyn Heights command center.  He confirmed to the adjutant that he had delivered the message and told him that he would be helping General Knox move his cannon to the shore for evacuation. 
All of that night the men worked in near silence.  Orders were given to wrap the wagon wheels in blankets and for no man to be talking.  All spoke barely above a whisper then as the night progressed.  There was a non-stop flow of men and artillery being ferried to Manhattan all night long, beginning maybe an hour or two before midnight.  Ian wrestled the cannon down from the steepest part of the battery helping with every one through the steepest incline near the top.  By daylight it was apparent that they lacked time to finish the evacuation.  As he helped with the artillery Ian saw Washington pacing to and fro watching impatiently as it grew light.  
By God’s grace it became foggy about the time it was daytime and the evacuation continued uninterrupted.  The last of the cannon was loaded around six o’clock that morning and Ian was on the last boat out when George Washington himself stepped aboard it around six-thirty.
In spite of the disappointment at having to leave a position to the British, Ian felt that he’d witnessed a miracle of sorts.  The capture of the Continental Army and possibly George Washington himself would have been catastrophic for the cause of liberty.  He heard some of Washington’s commanders telling him that very thing as the large barge made its way across the East River toward Manhattan.  Washington looked grim, but nodded his head in agreement.  Ian heard him express sorrow at the Continental Army’s loss of lives that day though.  That seemed to weigh heavily on the man from what Ian could tell.
By the time the fog had lifted later in the morning of August 30th, the British saw that the Americans had evacuated and were nowhere to be seen.  Nine thousand men, their artillery, powder, shot, horses and weapons were simply gone.  The British Army had missed their chance to deal a crippling blow to the continental Army that day by stopping and digging in, and by not having their navy remove the sunken wrecks keeping them from the East River.  The American Army was intact and still had their supreme commander as well.

Chapter 48
Stefan returned to the barn to find that the others had returned from hunting and were waiting there with Yvonne.  “The fighting has stopped.  From what I can tell, the Americans may have evacuated and crossed the river back to New York City.”
Yvonne said “The British will fortify everything along the shores where we were living.  It won’t be safe for us to return for a while.  When it’s calmer there, we’ll return some night.”  They turned together then and walked to the far corner of the barn and Stefan replied in a whisper “Meanwhile we stay here, in this barn?”
Whispering to him Yvonne said “We do unless we want to break apart this coven, Stefan.  What other choice do we have right now?”
“We could at least move into that house nearby.”
“And do what when the owners return?  Kill them?  And if they have friends or relatives who come looking for them then what?  There are thousands of British regulars nearby now and martial law will be in effect here for some time to come.  We don’t need to become the focus of the British Army, Stefan.”
He sighed, shaking his head saying “I just wish something would happen.  All of this skulking around and waiting for McCloud to show up and all…..it’s wearing on me.”
She came very close to him then, putting her arms around his waist saying “We’ll slip away from the others later and I’ll make you feel better.  We’re going to need this coven when our time comes.  Help me keep them together and out of sight.  Maybe we can move back when things settle down.  The fighting will be over there in Manhattan now that the Americans have left this island.”
***
The fighting stopped for over two weeks and then the British drove the Continental Army out of New York City to Harlem Heights, a plateau on the northern part of Manhattan Island.  The Continental Army successfully held it, and then the main force departed to White Plains.  Washington had wanted to evacuate Fort Washington, but a message from Congress in Philadelphia ordered it to be fully manned and held.  A fire broke out in New York City then and destroyed one fourth of it.
Cosette, Stuart, Rebecca, and the Millhouses stood on the front lawn watching the smoke of the city billowing, carried to the south by a cool breeze.  Stuart spoke then “Did the British start that?”
Thelma shook her head and looked around at everyone saying “No one seems to know how it started, but likely it was looters, either Hessians or British.  But it could have been patriots.  It looks like we were only rid of the British for a short while after all.  We’ll be under martial law here for a good while.  Stuart, will you accompany our butler and cook to finish buying our food supplies?  Food might be in short supply this winter after something like this.”
“Yes, ma’am, I will.”
“It’s a good thing you thought of that last month, Aunt Thelma” said Rebecca.  “Thanks to you, we have a good start on storing enough food to get us through the winter.”
Some three days later the Millhouses, Cosette, Stuart, and Rebecca were all in the central city looking at the fire damage.  They were also getting the last of the supplies they needed for the winter when they happened upon a public square and saw a gallows had been constructed there.  Charges of spying on His Majesty’s army were read aloud to those gathered there and the accused, Nathan Hale was sentenced to death by hanging.  He had been caught with drawings of British fortifications on his person.  As the hangman stood ready to put the hood over Hales’ head, he was asked if he had any last words.
Hale lifted his head high and spoke loudly, saying “I only regret that I have but one life to give for my country.”  A hush fell over the crowd at those words and then he was hanged.  Rebecca gasped as did many and then she looked at Cosette and said “Do you get the significance of what he said?”
“Yes.  He refers to this group of colonies as his country.”
Laura said “That means that the Declaration of Independence is more than words on paper.  It’s a living idea.”
Cosette turned to all of them and said “What’s more unstoppable than an idea whose time has come?”
***
Fort Washington, located in the northwestern part of Manhattan Island, fell to the Hessians after the Continental Army was driven away from White Plains.  But the Continental Army was still intact and their core leadership was intact as well.  They retreated through New Jersey to Pennsylvania as the British celebrated their victories.  Ian stayed with them, hunting and providing meat wherever they were.  He had become known as the very best hunter and provider that they had by now, and was known as well as one who could speedily deliver a message wherever it was needed.
He’d already been dispatched twice to Philadelphia to apprise the Congress there of the current state of affairs with the Army.  Even though Washington’s forces had liberated Boston and driven the British out, this latest string of losses vexed him.  The combined naval and military prowess of the British Empire was proving to be more than just difficult, and he chafed at the thought of trying to keep the army together through the winter when their last several engagements had resulted in them being driven out.  He hated that the Congress had overruled him in ordering Fort Washington to stay manned and regretted the loss of the men there as well.  Ian realized the great pressure that the man was under and sympathized with him.  It weighed on him as he returned with a dispatch late in December.
Delivering it to Washington’s adjutant, Ian went to see Henry Knox and told him that he was going down to Trenton to see what the Hessians were about, and to get an estimation of their numbers.  Being that Christmas was near, Knox said to go ahead and that he would tell anyone looking for Ian that he was reconnoitering, which was true.
The temperature had dropped considerably and it had been cold for the entire month, below freezing every single day and night.  Ian crossed the river, leaping from ice floe to ice floe and falling in once.  On the east side he rocketed to the south, easily avoiding pickets and was approaching the Hessian lines at dusk on the 25th of December.  As he stealthily glided into the outer perimeter of their camp, he noticed a lower than usual number of sentries.  There were several places where the sound of music could be heard and shortly Ian realized that the Hessians were celebrating Christmas.
Slipping into an officer’s tent unseen, he stole a saber and sheath, and after circling the encampment entirely, he realized that the place was reasonably open for an attack.  Soon he had crossed the Delaware River once again, leaping from ice floe to Ice floe some six times.  Rocketing north as fast as he could go, he eluded the Continental Army pickets easily and the sentries as well, arriving in camp less than fifteen minutes after crossing the river.  Maintaining vampire speed he never slowed until near the center of the encampment, and had begun to come into the light of campfires and torches.
He went directly to Washington’s tent and announced himself, waiting on the guard to return.  He was shown in then and saw that a small meeting was in progress.  Stepping boldly forward he said “I have important information for you right now, General Washington.”
Washington turned to him and said “You’re the hunter……  McCloud, isn’t it?  What is it, man?”
Ian was impressed by the way Washington fixed his eyes on him.  There was an indefinable quality about the man, the demeanor of a natural leader was apparent.  “Sir, I’ve been inside of the Hessian camp at Trenton this eve and I tell you they are celebrating Christmas and are open for an attack as we speak.”  Here Ian set down his ruck sack and produced the saber he had stolen, saying “I took this from one of their tents before I came here.”  It fell silent as those in the tent looked unbelievably at the Hessian saber.  The rain that had started to fall began to turn to sleet and the difference of the sound of it striking the tent was noticeable in the stillness inside.
Washington took a couple of steps toward Ian then peering intently at him as he took the saber and passed it to another of the generals there.  He said “Go on.”
“Sir, if we cross the river and march all night, we could be there in the morning.  I make it at ten miles or less.”
“What is their strength?”
“Many of them are in houses in Trenton.  I would be guessing between thirteen hundred to seventeen hundred men.  They do have pickets a few miles to the north of Trenton, but I didn’t see any patrols.”
Washington said “We make it at nine miles.  You have only confirmed what we already suspected, Mr. McCloud.  In fact we’re ready to start within the hour.”
“Sir, there are three other roads leading away from Trenton besides the one along the river.  Might it be a good thing to be sure to cut off any retreat before we hit them?”
“We were talking about that when you arrived.  We’re crossing at three places with a total force of around five thousand.  We plan to hit them from the north and south before dawn.  Thank you.  Go get something to eat and draw three days rations.  We leave soon.”

Chapter 49
Moon Owl heard a commotion outside of the cabin so donning a bearskin robe she came out, her mother following her.  A boy of some ten years age was being carried to the long house by a brave, and several villagers were clustered about the pair, looking sympathetically at him as they entered the dwelling.
When she came inside, Moon Owl saw immediately why there was such great concern.  The boy had been mauled by a mountain lion and in addition to scratches and other wounds, his leg was severely damaged.  Although he was trying to be stoic about his injury, the boy had tears of pain streaming from both of his eyes.  About the only thing positive about the wound was that no major arteries had been damaged.
Hastily she spoke with Tall Elk and soon the boy was being carried to her cabin.  She had them place him in her own bed then, and proceeded to wash his wounds with hot water, which had been ready for starting a stew in the kettle hanging over the fire in the hearth.
Her mother returned after an hour or so, having removed enough snow to gather what they could find of the necessary healing herbs.  It was a paltry collection for making a poultice being as it was in the dead of winter.  Moon Owl and some others thought that the boy’s chance of surviving the wound was slight given the infection that was sure to follow.
By the second day, it was obvious that he had a serious infection raging in his leg as red streaks had already started to appear, radiating away from the deepest wounds.  Moon Owl had cared for the boy along with the boy’s mother, and both had slept on the floor near the bed.  She paced the floor at night, lost in thought, seeking a solution.  Further forays into the snow-covered forest yielded none of the herbs that were customary to use and none had been put away for such an emergency, so the boy’s prognosis was very bad.
When everyone was asleep on the third day after the incident, Moon Owl gathered some smoked venison chunks and made a stew, adding the small amount of dried up herbs that they had found.  After looking around to make sure everyone was asleep in the cabin, she took the knife that Ian had given her and made a small incision inside her left forearm.  She worked to force out blood, catching it in a wooden bowl and when she had maybe three tablespoons, she added a bit of broth that had cooled to where it was only a little above lukewarm.
Carrying it to the boy, she awakened him and began to feed him the broth using a wooden spoon.  After the boy took it, he lay back exhausted by even that effort.  A film of sweat had covered his body for the past two days, and both Moon Owl and the mother of the boy worked to keep him and his wound clean, only allowing him to move outdoors to relieve himself at times.  Carefully she cleaned the wound again and then she re-opened her cut and forced yet another two spoonsful of blood out, dribbling it into the worst of the gashes on his leg.  These were places that had not scabbed over, but continued to ooze and appeared to be the worst of all of the wounds.
As she looked down on him she wondered if her blood would do for him as Ian’s blood had done in healing her.  She knew that there was no more to be done for now so she curled up on a bearskin rug and pulled her robe over herself and soon had dropped off to sleep.  As she drifted off, she remembered with longing how she had always slept in Ian’s arms.  Never had she felt as secure and safe as at those times.
At that moment she missed him keenly, maybe as much as at any time since he had left.  Her last thoughts as she spiraled down softly into sleep were where are you tonight, Ian?  Are you safe?  Are you well?
***
They had lost the element of surprise by the time they had gotten into Trenton, but the Hessians were still in disarray, not expecting an attack on Christmas night.  The fighting began between eight and nine o’clock that morning and continued for several hours.  During the fighting Ian was carrying an order to an artillery unit when he came across a young lieutenant wounded, but alive.  Stopping, Ian threw him across his shoulder as if he was a blanket and ran as fast as he could without attracting too much attention during the battle.  Twice he saw spurts of snow nearby as enemy marksmen tried to shoot him, underestimating his speed.
Reaching an American position, he gently lowered the young man to the ground under a wagon where the sleet wouldn’t fall on him.  He spoke to the man and got his name and then went to seek the commanding officer of the artillery unit.  He was directed to a young captain who was issuing orders to reposition some of the cannon as Ian arrived.  “Sir, I have a wounded Lieutenant, uhm… he said he is James Monroe.  Can you tell me where our doctor is?
Turning to Ian he said “Who are you?”
“Ian McCloud, sir.”
“Captain Alexander Hamilton” he said as he extended his hand.  “The doctor is near the north end of this formation last time I saw him.  Lieutenant Roderick is his name, Mr. McCloud.”
“Thank you sir.  I’ll fetch him after I find a blanket for Mr. Monroe.”
“He’ll have blankets too.  Good luck” he said as he turned to shout at a group wrestling a four pounder through a muddy spot.  Ian had notified the doctor and gotten a blanket which he took back to Monroe, covering him and telling him that someone would be along soon.  The young lieutenant looked at Ian and extended his right hand.  As Ian clasped it he said “Who are you?”
“Ian.  I’m Ian McCloud, Lieutenant Monroe.  Doctor Roderick will be here soon to look after you.”  As he was leaving, Hamilton beckoned to him and gave him a message for Washington and Ian set off with it through the sleet.  It was falling so heavily by now that he was able to run some of the way at vampire speed, bringing the message to Washington’s adjutant.  Some of the Hessians escaped in small groups that day, but no major formations were able to fight their way to freedom.
As it turned out, only Washington’s force of some two thousand four hundred men got across, mostly in long flat-bottomed Durham boats.  A small number of the enemy escaped to the south, those roads not being cut off early enough to trap every one of them.  Nearly a thousand prisoners were taken and ferried across to be marched to Philadelphia.  The Continental Army took the captured artillery and supplies they had taken from the Hessians, along with their weapons, powder, and shot and crossed back over the Delaware River to its western shore.  Two of the Americans died on the march of exhaustion and exposure, but the Hessians suffered over twenty deaths.
After three more days, it was apparent that around three dozen or more of the American forces had died of exhaustion and sickness following the battle.  Washington’s entire force was spent from the effort, thoroughly worn out and needing rest badly.  Princeton and New Brunswick couldn’t be attacked, which was a keen source of disappointment to Washington.
At year’s end Generals Knox, Cadwalader, Ewing, and Sullivan met with Washington to discuss long term plans to quarter the army and keep it fed in Pennsylvania and to discuss whether to advance on Princeton.  Washington then talked of his disappointment in not being able to capture Princeton and New Brunswick.
Knox spoke then during a lull and said “General Washington, we’ve beaten a European army in their own camp.  This is a good way to start the winter, sir.”
“I’m grateful for the success we had Henry, but still I’m disappointed overall.  I wanted something bigger than this to end the year.”
“Sir, if I may say so, I was talking to the courier Ian McCloud just two days ago about this very thing and he made an interesting observation.”
“Go on.”
“He said that we don’t ever have to win a big battle against the British forces to win this war.  We need only deny them a clear victory over the Continental Army.  Time and their ungodly expenses pursuing this war on the other side of an ocean will wear them down.”
It was quiet then, and the wind outside played about the tent door flap as the four of them stared at him in silence.
Knox continued then saying “Sir, we need only to keep the army together and a constant threat.  They can never claim a victory as long as you and the army are in the field.  Time is on our side, sir.”
“I can see the logic in that, but will France or Spain come to our aid before we run out of money and men to fight?”
“As McCloud said, they’ve given us money and armaments already.”
“How does he know that?  That’s not a well-known fact at all.”
“Sir, he was sent to New York to start up two banks by a well-known bank in London and he is very well-connected in France too.  He thinks that as long as we are in the fight in a serious way, they’re likely to keep helping, and so do the men who sent him to America.”
Washington and the other two stared at Knox in silence then as the wind blew even harder, causing the whole tent to shake.
Knox continued then saying “McCloud believes that because both countries have a grudge against England they may need only to see a chance to exploit the distraction of this war to their own advantage.  He reminded me that the British still hold Gibraltar in Spain and France hasn’t forgotten losing their possessions in North America to England.  Animosity and favorable timing could make them move and that should tip the outcome of the war in our favor.”
“Yes, yes, that’s all true, but still there are times when I wonder if they’ll join us soon enough.”
***
Checking his disguise one last time, Henri Lafayette departed from the Banque de Lafayette in Paris, walking with a slight feigned limp right past the investigator hired to follow him.  He figured this was as good a test of his disguise as any and shortly as he climbed into a carriage and saw that the man had ignored him, he was satisfied.
Within the hour he was knocking at the door of a small chateau in Passy, a small village just outside of Paris.  An older gentleman wearing spectacles answered the door, saying “What might I do for you, sir?”
Henri asked “Is this where Benjamin Franklin is staying?”
“It is sir and I am him.  What may I do for you today?”
Henri put forth his hand and said “I am Monsieur Henri Laforge, Doctor Franklin.  And it is I who can do something for you.”
***
Washington had taken his army across the Delaware once again and had encamped just south of Trenton upon hearing that there was a large cache of British supplies stored at Princeton and that Major General Cornwallis was going to march on Trenton and take it back.  He opted to move out to the east and let Cornwallis’s force bypass him.  The object would be to take the supplies and Princeton, leaving Trenton empty when Cornwallis arrived.
A running battle developed and the end result was that neither army ended up in control of Princeton.  Washington never got the supplies, but the British were forced out of Princeton and only had a force in New Brunswick remaining in New Jersey.  The year-end losses shocked the British but rejuvenated the American forces.  Washington opted to winter in Morristown, New Jersey and Ian stayed with the army as a hunter to provide game and also to carry messages to and from the Congress in Philadelphia.
***
Stuart came to Cosette with a lopsided grin on his face, saying “I’ve asked Rebecca if I might escort her to the Gala tomorrow night and she accepted.  Will you please teach me to dance a minuet of some kind?”
Putting the fireplace poker back in its place after repositioning a log in the fireplace Cosette smiled sweetly as she sat down and picked up her cup of tea.  “Yes, I’ll teach you today.  I’m happy for you, Stuart.  You know that she had become infatuated with your brother last spring before he and James left.”
“Yes.  She told me a bit about that.  I think it was a real shock to her when we showed up, especially with you supposedly long dead.”
“I give her a lot of credit, Stu.  She seemed to be quite taken with Ian and she was forthcoming about all of that, as hurtful as it was.  I really think a lot of her.  You could do far worse than Rebecca Davis” she said with a smile.  Looking more seriously at him she said “Have you thought any more about that dead body that was found down the road?”
“I’ve hardly been able to get it out of my head.  Have you thought of anything else concerning that?”
“Yes.  How strongly do you believe in coincidence?”
“What do you mean?”
“How coincidental is it that a vampire would make a kill nearly across the street from where another vampire is staying as a house guest?”
Stuart sat back on the sofa then, raising his eyebrows.  He was conscious of the crackling of the fire and of the sound of a log settling on the andirons.  “I see what you’re saying and I suppose it was in the back of my mind as well.  What do you think then?”
“Either we or others in this house are being watched.”
It was silent again as the fire hissed and crackled, and then Stuart said “It has to be something to do with us or with Ian, doesn’t it?”
“Yes.  Someone from Europe has followed Ian or me to New York, and it’s for no good purpose.”
“Why would they be so careless?  I can’t imagine a more stupid thing for a vampire to do than to make a kill nearly across the street from a place they’re watching.”
“What if a vampire followed Ian here and is now forcing people to cross over in order to build a coven of their own?”
He sat thinking about that while staring into the fire, and then he replied “Do you have any idea who it could be?”
“No.  I was out of Ian’s life for so long I haven’t a lot to go on regarding this.  I do know that on the night that the fire trapped me at the Francoise mansion, there were so many vampires there that some of them escaped.  We didn’t kill them all.  In fact I cut a hand off of one and I’m sure he escaped.”
“Ian cut a foot off of one but he found him in Paris and killed him.”
“Yes, I was told about that one.  Marie gave me some history of the raids they did after I went missing.  One got away in Austria too I hear.”
“Do you think they found each other somehow and have tracked Ian here?”
“As far-fetched as that sounds, it would explain this.  Then again, it could all be a coincidence I suppose” she sighed as she stared into the fire.
Stuart said “You don’t believe it is a coincidence do you?”
Shaking her head then she said “No.  I think a vampire coven is being directed to hunt and find Ian” she said and looked at Stuart, allowing her exquisite gray eyes to glow brightly for a couple of seconds before concluding by saying “They might find more than they bargained for.”

Chapter 50
Chief of the King’s Gendarmes Claude Rousseau peered intently at the letter he had just opened.  That it was from the Laforges there could be no doubt.  Their peculiar symbol was readily identifiable in the top center of the page.  It instructed him that from that day henceforth he would talk favorably towards France joining America in the war against Great Britain.  He was to take any and all opportunity to promote that view in his daily contact with government officials and in his private life as well.  A list of eight reasons to support this position was furnished and that part of the letter could be separately recorded in his own handwriting for his convenience should he need to refer to it from time to time.  He was also instructed to afford every courtesy to Dr. Benjamin Franklin, the American Emissary now living in the town of Passy.  He looked forward to that part, always having wanted to meet the man since hearing of him.  The letter itself however had to be burnt at once, as per the agreement with Monsieur Laforge that he made in Marseille on the day that the Laforges first contacted him nearly ten years ago.
As he watched the letter burn in a bronze bowl he reflected on the arrangement he had made that fateful day in Marseille.  True to their word the Laforges had seen to it that he was promoted to become chief of the King’s Gendarmes and indeed there was a growing private bank account of his in Lausanne, in the Swiss Confederation.  Life was good for him and his family which now numbered four children.  To this day birthday gifts arrived for them shortly before their birthdays as well as for him and his wife.  Their anniversary was never forgotten by the Laforges nor was Christmastime ever forgotten either.
Without a doubt he would promote the cause of France entering the war on the side of the Americans.  Considering the eight reasons listed, he reflected upon them.  A chance for France to regain some territory lost to Great Britain in the Treaty of 1763, a distraction for the British as France could aid Spain and attack the British-held stronghold of Gibraltar simultaneously, ending a long term of British control of the Mediterranean Sea.  Those two alone were quite attractive to more than a few Frenchmen whom he knew.  This would not be a hard thing to do at all.
He had no doubt that the other eight chief ministers in the government of Louis XV would receive the same letter and be getting ready to do the same thing as he.  He was also certain that as it was with him, they could never ask another about whether they had an arrangement with the Laforges or even to mention their name in public.  As he looked out the window overlooking the Champs Elysees in the drizzling rain he wondered at the power and reach of the Laforges with amazement.
***
On a fine day in April, no one paid any attention to a clean-shaven tall gentleman making his way down Wall Street toward the building designated as the Milliken Merchants’ Bank of New York.  Dressed in the custom of the day, he had on a new black tri corner hat, black coat and pants, with light gray knee-length hose and black shoes.  Complete with a fluffy white wig, he appeared to only be a prosperous Tory businessman, one of the growing number of war profiteers now to be found in New York City.  He walked past the place, noting the strong British military presence there, evidenced by two guards outside standing one to each side of the main entrance.  A sporadic traffic of redcoats passed in and out of those doors at intervals.
Walking past without a backward glance he continued onward to Government House some eight blocks away.  He had never seen such a presence of British Military.  When last he had been in New York it was not officially occupied and there was only a token military presence.  That had changed drastically in just a year.
Buying a copy of the New York Gazette, he sat on a public bench on a corner adjacent to an area designated as Central Commons, reading the Tory propaganda about the glorious progress the British were making against the rebels and how supreme commander Howe would surely be victorious in only another year at most.
He never noticed the large well-appointed carriage that passed by nor the lovely woman wearing sun glasses and a broad-brimmed hat looking out the window as she passed by.  He was too intent on the article he was reading about the new construction following the fire of last September to notice her companion in the other window, a young dark haired man who looked a lot like him.
***
Cosette spoke as the carriage rocked along heading toward Wall Street.  “Laura, have you not gotten even one letter from James since he left”?  She looked idly at a gentleman in black with a fashionable white wig, wearing a black broad-brimmed tri corner hat and reading a newspaper.
“No.  I suspect that he doesn’t want to cause trouble between us and the crown.  With this occupation now I don’t expect to see him soon either.  Every day we go to the new bank building he and Ian started and every day we don’t see either of them.  It’s discouraging to say the least.”
“I suppose I shouldn’t insist on going down to Wall Street so often, but I can’t think of another thing to do but wait for the two of them to return.  I just keep hoping for a random encounter, and I suppose that’s wishful thinking.”
“Well one thing that we dreaded hasn’t happened.  The British haven’t dared to order us to quarter any of their soldiers.”  The others laughed then as Rebecca said “That won’t happen now after what Aunt Thelma put General Howe through last year!  I doubt that I shall ever forget the sight of General Howe on her front porch, hat in hand begging forgiveness for the stupidity of Colonel Grundy.”
Stuart said “Didn’t you tell us that he was now Lieutenant Grundy?  Wasn’t he held responsible for something that happened in Boston last year, Rebecca?”
“Yes.  He was held to account for the robbery of a payroll ship in Boston Harbor.  Papa told me to keep quiet about it as the Admiralty doesn’t want the story getting around.”
“Oho; No doubt!” exclaimed Stuart with a laugh, echoed by the other three as the carriage rocked along.
***
Ian finished reading the last article in the Gazette and idly watched a finely appointed carriage turn a corner as he sighed deeply.  I’m not walking into government House to demand that our bank building be returned to us.  That would be confrontational and they desperately need the space to quarter troops what with one fourth of the city burnt down.  Those troops would just be forced on others to be housed and we still wouldn’t dare to open the bank in this climate.  His thoughts turned then to Boston and to Moon Owl.  He resolved to go to the room in Hoboken that he rented from the carpenter and change into his frontier clothing that night and go to Boston.  It would be good to see James and Melissa and he could visit them awhile before going to see Moon Owl.
I’ll post letters to everyone before leaving here today and that way all will be apprised of the situation here and of my whereabouts this spring.  I could say hello to the Millhouses, but what if Tory spies are watching them?  What if Rebecca is there?  I’d best to forget that idea.  No letter either.  Agents of the Crown might intercept those and who knows my official status, me having been missing for so long?  It will be wonderful to see Moon Owl again.
***
Suddenly Cosette sat bolt upright and shouted “Stop!  Stop the carriage!  Turn it around quickly!”
The other three looked at her with concern as she said “I think I saw Ian!  I think he was on that park bench back there at Central Commons!”  Leaning out the window she called to the driver to tell him to circle back to the park.
In only four minutes they had returned to the site and Cosette was out of the carriage so fast that everyone was astounded as she ran to the very bench where Ian had been sitting and looked around anxiously in every direction.  Quickly and nimbly she hopped onto the bench and then incredibly up on the backrest, easily and gracefully balanced there like a bird as she peered intently in a complete circle, looking for Ian.  At last she hopped down from the top of the park bench, the other two ladies and the driver all looking on in amazement at that feat even while she had a forlorn look on her face.
Looking around at the others she said “I saw a man here reading a newspaper and he was wearing a white wig, and after we got around that corner down the street, it occurred to me that it was Ian in disguise.”  She looked anxiously about once again and then she saw a newspaper, neatly folded and tucked between the slats of the bench.  She darted to it and snatched it up as if it held directions to where her love was waiting.  She rapidly looked the entire paper over as if there would be a clue there and then she sighed deeply and looked at the others, saying “I apologize to all of you.  It….it just suddenly seemed as if I’d seen Ian and I…I guess…..well…  I just hoped that it was him.”
Rebecca and Laura came to her then and each put an arm around her shoulders and comforted her as she looked about shaking her head and apologizing again, even though she was thinking was that you, Ian?  Are you in New York?  Please come back to me…
***
 “Marie!  Marie!  Come quickly!”
In a flash Marie was in Celeste’s bedroom “What is it dear?”
“My God!  I thought I saw Ian!”
“What?”
“Yes, yes…I was holding the baby and we were both saying Cosette’s name and suddenly I could see that she was riding in a carriage with Stuart and two young ladies.  They were in New York I’m sure.  I saw many buildings that had burnt.  But Marie, something wonderful happened!”  At this she got up and whirled around holding the baby up as little Celine giggled and waved her tiny hands about in joy.
“You saw him too didn’t you, baby?  You saw Cosette seeing Ian didn’t you?”
The baby gurgled and laughed, saying “Cosette….see Cosette…Cosette riding.”  Marie stared slack-jawed in awe, waiting for what would come next.
“Marie, I was holding Celeste to my breast and just singing to her and I said Cosette’s name and suddenly we were there, but then suddenly I could see with her eyes!  My God, I saw a man on a park bench with a black suit and a black hat and wearing a white wig reading a paper as the carriage passed by!  Marie, I think it was Ian wearing a disguise!”
“God be praised!  Tell me, Celeste!”
The baby then said “Cosette sees Ian…Cosette riding” as she laughed and gurgled in joy.  Marie stared spellbound at Celeste, wide-eyed in wonderment and then quickly she wheeled and shouted joyously “In here everyone!  In here right now!  Hurry!  Hurry!”
In seconds the others were there at vampire speed, looking expectantly at Marie and Celeste as Celeste related the entire incident, adding that Cosette had returned to find him gone.
Louis said “He could be wearing a wig as a disguise, not knowing his status.  I mean, you know, in British-occupied New York City and all.”  There was then a flurry of speculation as Liri finally reached the room, wondering what all of the excitement was about.
“There’s more!  I screamed at Cosette, in my mind that is.  I told her to turn that carriage around and go to Ian!”
“And?”
“And she did, praise God, she did!  She went back to look and…well he was gone, but I think she heard me in her mind!  I think my gift is growing stronger!”
The room fell silent as the enormity of that came over everyone there.  The grandfather clock in the foyer chimed the hour as a cuckoo clock in the kitchen sounded off distantly, even as everyone looked at each other in astonishment.
Suddenly Marie came to Celeste and took her in her arms and kissed her on each cheek and then on the forehead and hugged her beaming a big smile to everyone as she said “Praise God everyone!  Celeste is imprinting her gift.  She’ll carry it as she’s crossing over now!  It will be a part of her forever!  Oh, this is wonderful!  I wish Henri was here!  Come Celeste, we must get you back out in the sunshine again.  Come now, come along!”
Celeste handed little Celine to Liri as she followed Marie down to the kitchen at vampire speed, bounding down to the landing in one leap, thinking so I’ll be prescient as a vampire also…and I may even see through other’s eyes what they see!
***
Priscilla departed from the park, still wondering at what she’d just seen.  Going over it in her mind again, she thought that woman was young, like me.  And she didn’t do anything really extremely unusual, but yet the way she was so suddenly up on the back of that park bench, looking all around, balanced up there so easily as if she was just standing on the ground instead of the back edge of a park bench.  And then suddenly she was down, just as if it was nothing.  What was that all about?  Are there vampires besides those of our coven here in New York City?

Chapter 51
Ian arrived in the outskirts of Boston and stopped to put on his socks and boots before approaching the pickets.  He appeared to be just another frontiersman in town for a short while.  The run from New York City had been uneventful and he had taken many shortcuts across rugged terrain, leaving well-traveled areas frequently.  As it always was, he had relished the solitude of it, the running through the woods at vampire speed, just being the creature that he was without having to pretend that he was human.
Approaching Melissa’s cottage, he was surprised to see the door open and James stepping out to greet him.  “Ian!  By heaven man, it’s good to see you!” he said as the two gave each other mighty bear hugs and hearty back-slaps.  Melissa came out then and came to Ian, kissing him on his cheek “Hello, Ian.”
“Hello both of you.  You’re a sight for sore eyes, let me tell you.”
“Well, come in and wash up.  We were just sitting down to eat some stew” said Melissa with a big smile.
James said “Yes, by all means do come in.  I want to hear all about what you’ve been doing.”  The two friends went in together, James’ arm about Ian’s shoulder as they went through the door.
As he related the events of the fall and winter, Ian couldn’t help but notice how happy both James and Melissa were.  He mentioned that he had posted letters to all parties in England, Scotland, and France before leaving New York City and told James about how the bank building was now occupied by British Troops.  James had likewise posted two different letters to Robert Milliken concerning his whereabouts and some information about the war.
They spent a pleasant evening visiting and Ian left them around eleven o’clock and spent a good part of the night roaming about Boston, just getting a feeling for the place and visiting a few taverns to soak up gossip about the war.  The talk was that Benedict Arnold had driven the British out of Ridgefield Connecticut.  Enlistments were up everywhere as a result of Washington’s forces taking Trenton, New Jersey on the day after Christmas and beating the Hessians in their own camp.  There was a general air of hopefulness regarding the outcome of the war, although it was generally acknowledged that it would be several years away.  As Ian heard the bits and pieces of various events being discussed about different tables in different taverns he visited, he came to realize that the thing that had changed since he had been in America was that not only was there a strong feeling of resentment and outrage, but now those emotions had been joined by hope.
It was believed that  the British fleet was completely occupied now with holding New York City and they had a large fleet commitment in the general area offshore some distance from Philadelphia too, but had not yet tried to seize the city.  Rumor had it that the British were eyeing Savannah which was a large-scale exporter of cotton.  From studying a map of the colonies and territories, and his recollection of the exact size of their fleet, it occurred to Ian that the British fleet had to have pulled a lot of ships from somewhere to arrive in New York with four hundred ships last year.  He knew from scuttlebutt at the taverns in the area there that the British had to keep a lot of ships there simply for housing alone since one fourth of the city had burned down.  Pondering that for a while, he wrote three letters.
One was to Eduardo Vasquez, his former father in law in Spain.  Another was to Roberto Rodriguez, the wealthy banker and close friend in Spain.  The third one was a letter to King Charles III in Spain, care of his daughter Theresa.  In those three letters he wrote just a general hello and he asked as to their health, and in particular the health of the grandniece of the King, whom he had saved from wasting disease.  In each letter he wrote of his suspicions that the British were now stretched thin and that it might be possible for Spain to get Florida and Alabama back from them, or to use that as a diversion for a real attack on Gibraltar to finally drive the British from the southern tip of Spain itself, long a Spanish sore point.
In all three letters he freely admitted that he was helping the Americans in their fight for independence.  These letters were not encoded in any way and were guaranteed to put a price on his head if they fell into the wrong hands.  He would have to be very careful of who he picked to carry them over the sea.  Writing another letter to his Mother, Aunt, and Uncle in Edinburg he packaged it separately.  Included in it was a note to Angus to deliver a coded letter to Henri and Marie by any way feasible.  In that one, he asked that a family member arrange to be at the port of Nantes to await the Spanish correspondence.  That whole package was sealed and addressed to Angus in Edinburg.
He would have to decide what to do and whether or not to chance sending the three to Spain via the Lafayette courier network.  The problem was how to get it directly to Henri not going through Robert Milliken.  It would be asking too much of Robert to pass along something as explosive as the three letters to Spain, given his position in England.  It was possible that he might well end up burning them instead of sending them.  Finally he wrote two more general letters, one to all of his family in France, care of Banque de Lafayette in Paris, and the other to Robert Milliken and Margaret care of Edwards and Milliken Bank of London.  Those two and the package for Scotland would be sent to Milliken in London by any ship he could find going that way.
The next day he headed for the harbor area and spent three quarters of the day before finally finding a ship which had just gotten in and had by luck eluded the British at sea, coming through at night.  The captain was one of the twelve that Robert Milliken had recommended and Ian sent the three family-only letters by him.  Keeping the others he turned his steps toward Faneuil Hall to see what else he could learn.  He resolved to burn the three Spanish letters that night if he couldn’t solve the problem of how to send them rather than to leave them sitting around at the tenant house he was still renting.
Upon entering the place, he walked to the bulletin area to look at recent postings.  He spent a half hour there reading bits of news and speculation before getting a tankard of ale and a table near a window.
For some reason unknown to him he’d been thinking a lot recently about Cosette.  The day before in Central Commons Park he had had the strongest thoughts of her ever while walking away from the bench where he’d been reading the New York Gazette.  It was uncommonly strong, the remembrance of her and he keenly felt his grief anew at the recollection.  He had to admit that for the most part, he’d been so busy in the New World that he’d not had time to grieve for his loss of Alandra.  That was one aspect of his coming to America that he had been correct about, but this thing with Cosette had been growing of late, and yesterday moved it out of the realm of his unconscious to his conscious thoughts.  He was puzzling over it when a hand fell on his shoulder and a familiar voice sounded in his ear “Ian McCloud!  By heaven it is good to see you man!”
Turning he saw Paul Revere the silversmith standing with a surprised smile on his face.  Standing, Ian extended his hand saying “Hello, Paul.  It’s good to see you too.  Pull up a chair if you have the time.”
Sitting then, the two exchanged news and Revere was quite interested to hear what Ian had been doing while he was gone.  Ian caught him up on events beginning with taking Moon Owl home and right up through his recent visit to New York and everything in between.  Revere had news about the war in the south and how the redcoats had stirred up the Cherokee Indians to fight for them and to attack settlers and farmers in North and South Carolina.  This had stirred up massive outrage among the people down there and hatred for both the British and the loyalists.  The loyalists who furnished information to the British regarding who was known to be on the side of the rebels were becoming as hated as the British Army itself by now, being that many deaths and home burnings were due to their activities.
Ian mentioned that he wanted to get some correspondence to France and was afraid to try for fear of it being intercepted.  He divulged the gist of what he had proposed and Revere’s eyes widened as he said “You’ve met the King of Spain, Ian?”
“Well, yes.  I was married to the daughter of their ambassador to France before she died in a carriage accident.  I know another influential man there too who is a banker.”
“You did business there then?”
“Yes.  I’m a senior officer of Banque de Lafayette and a close friend of mine entertained the royal families of Spain, France, and England.  That was when I met Charles III of Spain.  He’s a really nice fellow, a lot warmer than either King Louis or King George.”
Revere was suitably impressed to hear the three most well-known monarchs in the world described on a personal level.  He seemed lost in thought for a bit, and then he said “You know, Hancock might be able to help in this thing.  He knows more shippers than anyone else in the colonies and he knows who’s not friendly to the British Monarchy in particular.”  Lowering his voice he leaned toward Ian and continued, saying “It’s suspected by some that Mr. Hancock has had his hand in smuggling for a number of years, ever since relations with the British have deteriorated.  If so, he has made a pile of money because he’s quite wealthy and travels about often with a company of bodyguards.”
Ian thought a while and then said “I never thought of it, but of course we had to have safe passage arranged for Ben Franklin in order to get him to France.  I should have realized that someone in America would know how to get a message to France.”
“I’m telling you that Hancock is the man you need, and I’ll be sure to tell him about this.”
 “You remember my companion James?”
“Yes.  He was with a girl, Melissa, right?  They live in a cottage over on the west side.”
“Yes.  I’ll leave my letters with him and he can give them to Hancock if he shows up while I’m gone.”
“You just got to Boston.  Where are you off to now, Ian?”
“I’m going to the land of the Seneca to see Monique; you know, Moon Owl.”
“Ah, yes; delightful lady.  When do you leave then?”
“Well, I’ll be buying some things I promised her for the cabin we built her and then I’ll be off; maybe a matter of a day or two.  I’ll leave you their address and if Hancock can help, then James will give him the letters.  They must be taken to the port of Nantes where I’ll have a special courier waiting daily beginning in, uhmm, say two months from today.  I really think that Spain might well enter the war on our side given the right encouragement.  Who knows but that hearing from someone who the King has met personally might tip the scales in our favor?”
***
Captain Jonathan Siebert looked up adoringly at Yvonne as she dressed; clasping his hands behind his head and saying “Do you have to go already?  I mean, Grundy will be at that tavern until they toss him out.  He’s become quite the drinker since his run of bad luck and all.”
“Oh, Johnny, I did promise Stefan that I’d get this information for him as soon as I was able.  I do hate to miss my chance tonight.  Look at it like this; if I take care of it tonight, I can spend more time with you next time.”
“What about Stefan?”
“What about him?” she said, coming to the bed while bending down to give him a kiss, and then saying “What he doesn’t know won’t hurt him.  He has his thing to pursue and I have you.”
Reaching up to caress her breast he said “You surely do, Yvonne.  Never have I met a woman like you.”
Laughing playfully as she pulled away she said “Save your strength for next time, lover.  You’ll need it.”  Giving him one last smile, she left the rented room at the Inn, closing the door softly behind herself.
***
Lieutenant Harold Grundy sat morosely at New York City’s Red Eye Tavern and Inn, having his third drink of the evening.  About that time, a rowdy group struck up a ditty and began to sing it.  At first Grundy just sat there sipping his ale but then the words got through the mild alcohol-induced fog and he realized that the song was about the day he and Ian McCloud fought a duel at Grover Park.
As the song came to a loud conclusion, he seethed with rage.  He had just pushed back his chair to get up, deciding to walk over to the group and see who would stand up and fight him since they all thought the song was so funny.  About then he felt a light touch on his arm and a sultry voice said “Let it be, Colonel Grundy.  We have matter too important to discuss to wait on you brawling with some drunken sailors.”
Turning around he saw an exotic looking red-haired beauty staring at him with the most intriguing hazel-green eyes he’d ever seen.  Dumfounded, he stared at her as she said “Aren’t you going to ask me to sit down?  I see a dozen men right now who want me to join them at their tables.”
Nodding, he sat again as she put her tankard of ale on the table and pulled up a chair.
“Who are you?”
“Someone who has something you want.”
He insolently let his eyes roam all about her body then, not even trying to mask his lust.  She merely laughed then, saying “Not that, Harold; or at least not yet.”
“Then what?”
“A way to repay Ian McCloud for what he did to you.”
He sat still then, staring at her as the rowdy group started to sing another ditty and the sounds of a lively and busy tavern surrounded the two.
“You have my undivided attention.”

Chapter 52
Having left the package of the three letters to Spain with James and warning him to hide them extremely well, he had bought some things that he’d promised Moon Owl and had bought a pack horse and a saddle horse.  Both animals were unshod, Ian having that done several days before departing.  He had been traveling for some three weeks now and had made it to the land of the Seneca, having never seen a single soul since leaving the farmlands just west of Boston.  The trip west through the Mohawk River valley was as picturesque as he remembered.
If the Mohawks had seen him, they never got close enough for him to know it.  He came to the last small ridge that separated him from the Seneca village and paused there to give the villagers time to know that someone approached.  His vampire hearing made him aware of stealthy footfalls all about him so he lifted his voice and said “Do my brothers the Seneca hide from me?”
“I hear the sound of one who I know” said a voice from the forest.  “It is the voice of Ian, the Night Stalker.”  Stepping into view was none other than Tall Elk, a smile splitting his face.  Ian kicked back both feet at once in an eye-blurring motion as he leaned forward, resulting in him instantly being in a handstand on his horse’s back and then bending at the waist, he gracefully dropped to the ground beside the horse like a cat, a smile on his face.  “Tall Elk looks like he’s younger than when I was here last.  I wonder if he has been dancing to the music from my singing box while I was gone.”
Laughing then Tall Elk approached and extended his hand and each man grasped the other’s forearm in a traditional tribal greeting.
“It is good to see you, Night Stalker.”
“It is good to see you, my brother and it’s good to stand breathing in the land of the Seneca, where the air is sweeter.  You have been well?”
“I have, and so has Moon Owl.”
Touching his chest Ian said “That speaks to my heart, Tall Elk.”
“Come.  We will smoke a pipe and celebrate your return.  Did you see Mohawks coming here?”
“Not a one.”
Laughing then Tall Elk said “We caught a young Mohawk brave who had blundered into our land and he never offered a fight at all.  He said he knew that the land of the Seneca was where the glowing eyes lived now and he was afraid of them.”
“What did you do then?”
“We told him that we would let him go in peace and promised that we would not tell the glowing eyes he had trespassed if he would first do a dance to honor the glowing eyes.”
Turning to Tall Elk Ian threw back his head and laughed heartily, shaking his head and then he asked “Did he really do a dance then for you?”
“No.  He did a dance for you, Night Stalker.”
Laughing once again, Ian said “I’d love to have seen that.”
About then he became aware of a group of people ahead and saw the villagers approaching with curious looks and some smiles.  Suddenly Ian saw a commotion back in the ranks as Moon Owl forced her way to the forefront.  She broke into a run, laughing as she threw herself into his arms, kissing him all over as he whirled around, lifting her like she was a child and laughing merrily.
“Ah lass, how I’ve missed you!”
“Oh, Ian!  It’s been too long!”
“It has lass, it has” he said as he picked her up and carried her in his arms as if she was a twig.  “I’ve brought some things that you want.”
Kissing him almost non-stop she said with a laugh “You brought yourself and that’s what I want most!”
He bent to whisper in her ear as he carried her along, saying “Then I hope you’re well rested because I have thought of nothing but you for three weeks.”
***
The courier hastened to the private entrance of Banque de Lafayette in Paris, carrying a pouch that was reserved for only the most urgent correspondence.  After being screened by an Adept vampire at that post, he was allowed into the rear room of the bank that was the nerve center of the Lafayette courier system.  Handing it over to another Adept vampire, the courier went to take nourishment and wait for any return correspondence to take back to England.  Himself an Adept vampire, the courier was one of only a very small number of special express couriers employed by Henri Lafayette
To be sure, Henri would share his special express services with other well-connected Adepts throughout Europe if asked, and especially those who like him were judges on the Supreme Council.  Favors were usually granted, no questions asked with the unspoken understanding that those favors would be returned with no questions asked.  So very shortly it was deemed urgent enough that another Adept vampire would carry it himself to Henri.  For reasons that the Adept vampires in Henri’s employ didn’t yet know, Henri had been using a young female Adept to maintain constant contact with his communications hub and who knew where Henri was at any given time, day or night.  All of them knew that something was afoot, but they knew better than to ask.  When it was time to bring them in on it, they knew that they’d be told what it was that was so urgent.  Never in their memory could any of them recall such a flurry of high-urgency messages to and from the Lafayettes.
Jennifer Amsler was honored and pleased beyond her ability to express it at having such a pivotal role to play in the vital communications.  She was the end courier who maintained contact with Henri at all times and she alone among that network knew that Henri Lafayette and Harold Laforge was one and the same person.  So it was that Jennifer was the constant communication link to Henri and so it was that she found herself taking a most urgent communique to him that day.
As she hurried to deliver the message, she thought how strange and how wonderful my life has become.  Not four years ago I was a tavern wench in London and now I’m a trusted member of the Lafayette inner circle.  Today she didn’t wear a disguise as she sometimes did.  Most of the time she appeared to be an older lady when she delivered a message, but sometimes she would be disguised as a young man for a few days at a time.  The disguises were adopted by them, knowing that they were being watched by an investigator from London.
Today that investigator had been given the slip and she needed no disguise, so she quickly went to the Inn near the village of Passy where Henri sat in conversation with an elderly gentleman that day.  Henri was in his disguise today as Harold Laforge and as she approached, that gentleman looked up and smiled, saying “Good morning Miss Anjolie.”
“Good morning, Doctor Franklin.  I hate to interrupt your meal, but I have an urgent communique for Monsieur Laforge.  Good morning, Monsieur Laforge” she said as she handed the pouch to Henri.
“Please excuse me, Benjamin.  I promise you that this will be brief” Henri said as he opened the pouch and read the contents.
Henri,
Both Moreau and Edwards have vanished overnight.  Suspect they are enroute to France to pre-arranged meeting with their investigator.
Robert
Looking up at Jennifer, Henri said “Please wait for me outside Miss Anjolie.
“Dr. Franklin, I do apologize for that interruption, but I have nothing new to add right now anyway.  So if you have nothing else, may I take my leave sir?”
“Indeed Henri.  And thank you for keeping me informed of what the ministers in your government are saying about our struggle in America.  We’re grateful for your help, sir.  And I’d like a chance to avenge myself of you at chess when you can arrange it.”
Smiling affably Henri nodded and said “Done then.  I look forward to it sir.”
“Before you go sir, however did you ever get so many contacts in government and such a beautiful assistant too?”
“Now Ben, you know perfectly well that a wise man once wrote ‘A small leak can sink a great ship’.”
Throwing back his head in an uncharacteristic manner, Franklin laughed heartily saying “Nothing stings like having one’s own words used to thwart them!”
“I read ‘Poor Richard’s Almanac’ Benjamin, and I was impressed enough to memorize it” said Henri as he donned his hat with a congenial smile, saying “Until next time then, monsieur.  Bon jour.”
“Bon jour, Henri.”
Outside he joined Jennifer, who had been casually appearing to read a newspaper while in reality scanning everywhere to detect anyone who might have been following them.  She looked at him questioningly as he beckoned to his driver.  Turning to her he said “Moreau and Edwards are on their way here, or are here already.  I need to get out of this disguise and send an encoded message to the family in Zurich.”
“Celeste should be through with her imprinting by now.  I wonder how it went for her.”
“We’ll hear soon enough.  But at least we know that her gift came through intact.  That was wonderful to hear, was it not?”
“It was.  Do you think the Americans did well sending an older man here to get support for their cause?”
“I think they sent the smartest, shrewdest man in America to do the most important job ever.  Ian thinks that his success or failure could determine the outcome of that war.”

Chapter 53
Ian had brought a box of good quality hunting knives as gifts for the braves and had brought a box of hair brushes for the women of the tribe.  Included among the gifts was a really extra-large packet of fresh tobacco which was well received.
As he worked with Moon Owl installing a window she said “I think that Tall Elk feels awkward receiving so many fine gifts from you.”
“Nonsense.  Be sure to tell him that among my people, I am a rich man.  They have given a gift of great honor in adopting me.  And besides that, I have the love of the prettiest of all the women of the Seneca.”  Pulling her to him closely he kissed her tenderly and said “What more could I want?”
“Mmmm…what I want is for the sun to hurry and go down so we can lie together again” she said with a saucy smile.
Pulling back a bit from her he looked at her in mock seriousness as he said “Why Moon Owl!  Shame on you!  You kept me busy half of the night and I was already worn out from traveling”
“Hah!  If you were so worn out how could you have done what you did?  Mmmm!  The memory still warms me!”
 “Why Moon Owl, listen to you!  Hush now lest your people hear you talking that way.”  Both of them laughed then and he said “No one said we have to eat lunch here today.”  
“Then what’s keeping us here, love?  These windows will still be here when we return” she said with an impish laugh.
Within a half hour the two were some eight miles from the village at a small waterfall of some fifteen feet height.  They made love then slowly, relishing every moment and taking all of the time to explore every feeling of wonderment.  Moon Owl wept tears of joy afterward as she held Ian’s hand to her lips, saying “My heart sings when we’re together like this.  I am complete with you.”
“Moon Owl, I’m so happy now, that sometimes I can scarcely believe that such bad things have happened in my life.”  She dozed off then as he held her close, and he drank in the beauty of the setting, the sound of the waterfall, and the clean smell of her hair as he held her.
Later when they’d eaten, Ian took a good look around the area and said “I’m going to make a rope swing here.  We’ll bring strips of rawhide and I’ll braid a rope to place in that tree there” he said, pointing to a great sycamore with a trunk some eight feet thick.  He stood then and stripped off his clothes and bounded to three rocks and at the base of the falls he bounded to the top.  Turning around, he dove off, doing a double somersault.  Surfacing he beckoned to Moon Owl who said “I can’t swim, Ian.”
Laughing he came ashore in a bound and proceeded to undress her.  Then he gathered her in his arms and kissed her, and taking the same path they were atop the falls in four bounds.  He walked upstream then, carrying her some sixty feet to a sunny place where a creek entered the river.  There was a relatively calm backwater of some four feet depth and some thirty feet across just back from the junction of the two streams and the water was not nearly as cold there.  Standing her in the water he kissed her gently and began to teach her how to float first on her back and then on her stomach, holding her breath.  After some two hours she could swim well enough to come to him across the small pool.
She swam up to him and put her feet down, drawing near as he put his arms around her and kissed her gently.  “You’re doing well.  That’s really all there is to it.  Now I’ll teach you to dive off of the falls” he said with a laugh as he picked her up and bounded out into the river and toward the edge, leaping from rock to rock.  She shrieked with laughter and said “Oh Ian!  No…no…”
She screamed all of the way down as he shouted “hold your breath!” and when they came up she said “Oh it is so cold!”
Gathering her into his arms and rolling onto his back he swam rapidly to near the shore and then turning while still holding her he bounded out of the water, wrapping her in a blanket and drying her in the sunshine.  He pulled her to him then and began to kiss and caress her.  They made love then, a bit more urgently than before.
“Mmmm!  That was so very good!  Now I’m warm all over” she said.  They lay there then for almost an hour as he outlined some things he wanted to do to her cabin and he found that she was very intent on knowing why each thing was being done.  She had grown to be quite attached to her home and wanted to know as much about it as she could in order to be able to maintain it well.
***
The next day they finished installing the windows and Moon Owl was thrilled.  Many villagers came then to see the white man’s windows, including Tall Elk.  He asked Ian where the glass came from.  Ian explained that it was made by melting silica sand which amazed the braves standing nearby.
He had hidden a package that he didn’t want anyone to see and when Moon Owl went to the long house to find her mother, he took it out.  He’d paid a furniture maker to make two rocking chairs and to take them apart for transporting.  Included in that package was a bottle of glue and a brush and all of the needed dowels already cut to length.  Working at vampire speed, he glued and assembled one, tying all joints tightly with small strips of rawhide in lieu of clamps which he lacked.
When Moon Owl returned with her mother, they both saw a rocking chair on their porch and both covered their mouths with both hands, staring at it with wonder.  About then Ian came out with the other one and he had no sooner set it down when Moon Owl’s mother came to him smiling and put her arms around his waist, laying her head against his chest and thanking him.
The weeks flew by then and Ian totally forgot about the war, becoming caught up in the simplistic life of the Seneca people.  He was invited to hunt with the braves when they would go and he was made the goal tender of their team when they played a neighboring tribe in an all-day game of Lacrosse.  He never allowed a goal all day even though the other team was somewhat better.  Eventually they beat the other team two to nothing which amazed both teams 
Ian had amazed all of them with some of the split-second diving saves he made that day, and all who were there agreed that they’d never seen a better goal tender.
Gray Fox and another brave came and hoisted Ian to their shoulders to carry him from the field.  Ian took it to be a great honor and thanked them for allowing him to play.
One day Ian and Moon Owl took a sizeable group of the children to the swing that he had made over the waterfall.  Wearing his underwear only, he demonstrated it for them, swinging out and plunging into the pool below.  They all stood around waiting for someone to try it.  Finally a boy with a terribly scarred leg came up and taking the rope from Ian he swung out and dropped into the pool below.  The others gave a great cheer and soon there were around eight of the boys swinging out and dropping down, shouting and laughing.
Ian asked Moon Owl about the scar on the boy and she related the story of him being mauled by the mountain lion and then she went on to show him the small scar on the inside of her forearm.
Looking at her, he raised his eyebrows questioningly and she explained what she’d done and how bad the infection had become.  He peered intently at her then and sat thinking awhile.  “I never thought about your blood being able to heal someone else.”  Gathering her to him he kissed her tenderly saying “I’m so proud of you.”

One day a brave was shown into camp, desiring to speak to Tall Elk.  He was taken to the Sachem then and they spoke privately.  Tall Elk immediately called a council meeting and everyone dropped what they were doing to attend.
Tall Elk passed around the pipe to everyone, and then he beckoned to Ian who had just sat down near the back with Moon Owl and her mother.  Ian joined him and puffed on the pipe when it was passed to him.  The ritual finally being done, Tall Elk stood and spoke, saying “This is Red Wolf of the Seneca, near the great lake.  He has seen a great encampment of redcoats in the eastern part of their territory.”  Beckoning to Red Wolf then, Tall Elk sat down as the brave went on to say that if in three days’ time no others of his people came, then the redcoats had not come west.  Ian raised his hand and Tall Elk nodded to him.
“Does Red Wolf know how many redcoats there are?”
“We could not count their fires or their tents.  Some of us thought there were twenty times one hundred of them.”
Ian was shocked, thinking two thousand redcoats that far west?  That is even further west than we are here in this village!  There must be an even larger force at Montreal then.  They could be attacking Boston, or they could be a part of a bigger operation.  I wonder if there are forces coming upcountry from New York too?  There could be easily another five thousand or more coming from the south.  They could separate New England from the rest of the colonies and that could eventually cause the Americans to be defeated.  They may already know it, but I should warn them.
In fact what Ian didn’t know was that British General Burgoyne had decided to try to cut the colonies in half by taking complete control of the Hudson River valley from New York City North to the St Lawrence River.  He had written to General Howe in New York City asking for a force of several thousand infantry to come north to the Saratoga area to meet him there and crush the Continental Army and the New England Militia.  This plus a permanent occupying force in the upper Hudson valley would permanently stop the free flow of goods and reinforcements from the northern colonies and southern colonies to each other.  That was a thing badly needed by Washington’s army to remain as it was in order for them to be able to carry on the war.
He waited until the man was through and then waited for Tall Elk to ask anyone else to speak.  Ian raised his hand then and said “I doubt that the redcoats come to make war on the Seneca or the Erie or the Mohawk.  I think this has to do with the whites in Boston and to the north.”
“Tell us more, Night Stalker.”
“The whites drove the redcoats out of Boston last year.  The redcoats have always wanted to take Boston away from its people again.  The Iroquois should stay out of this fight.” 
A young Seneca brave then spoke up saying “If we join the redcoats, they will act favorably toward us.”
“If you join the redcoats, you will have picked the losing side.  The whites near Boston will drive the redcoats out again.  Then they’ll make war on the Seneca.  I live there and I know this.”
“Night Stalker’s words are wise ones.  The Seneca of Tall Elk will not war on the white man whether redcoat or not.  This council is at an end.”
Afterward Ian came to Moon Owl and said “I leave tomorrow.”
“I knew that you’d go.  But tonight, you’re mine.  Let’s go to our cabin” she said as she took his hand and drew him out of the long house into the dark night.

Chapter 54
Yvonne propped herself up on her elbow and said “How do you like being a vampire now, Harold?”
Lying beside her, Grundy turned to her and ran his hand down her naked side, saying “I love this part, Yvonne, but I hate it that I’m out of the British Army with a stain on my record.”
“Bah!  How important will that seem when you hold Ian McCloud’s head by its hair after you have removed it?”
“Still, I’m labeled a deserter.”
“They can’t look for you forever.  The ones looking for you will be turned to dust one day and you’ll still be alive.”
“There is that, and really my military career was over thanks to that villain.”
“Oh, there may be more to that than you think.”
He stared into her hypnotic green eyes “What do you mean by that?”
“Well, just how do you think that payroll ship was robbed anyway?”
He sat bolt upright then and took her by the shoulders “What?  You think that he…that he robbed….NO!”
Smiling impishly she said “Never say never.  Who could rob a payroll ship easier than one of us, or better yet, two of us?”
“But they spoke German, Yvonne, and two were wearing Hessian uniforms!  It can’t be!”
About then she spoke a medley of other languages, four of them to be exact, as he looked at her slack-jawed.
“We vampires learn fast.  I don’t care much for speaking other languages besides French but I quickly learned Spanish, Dutch, and English after I crossed over.  And don’t forget that I speak English well enough to have talked you into this venture.”
He looked at her as if seeing her for the first time then as she continued “All Adept vampires speak several languages, so why shouldn’t Ian McCloud and his friend speak in the German tongue?  And with the powers you now have couldn’t you steal two Hessian uniforms?”  Her eyes began to take on an unearthly green glow.
Grundy sat there as it all sank in, growing more angry by the minute.  “I’m going to enjoy lifting his head” he said with a grim look upon his face as his eyes glowed dark amber.  Yvonne laughed delightedly, saying “I’m going to enjoy helping you, Harold.”
***
Cosette had read all of the letters from her family in Zurich and had just finished one from little Aimee that was for Ian.  She folded it carefully and put it in the envelope with the others from Marie, Liri and Celeste.  Those four were the personal letter writers of the family these days it seemed.
She peered intently at the letter now in her hand, going over it again as Stuart walked into the room.  Knowing it was him by the sound of his walk when he was well down the hallway she only said “Come and read this, Stu.”
He took it from her, frowning a bit as he read it.  She was struck by how much he looked like his brother at that moment and she felt a pang in her heart then, missing Ian so keenly that it hurt.
“Well it seems we have two names and descriptions of our stalkers.  A pretty red headed woman with hazel-green eyes and a man wearing a silver hook in lieu of a right hand.  I take it that you and Ian have met these two before?”
“Yes.  I cut Stefan’s hand off and likely Ian injured that woman wherever he was fighting at the time.  We were in it up to our necks that night, Stu!”
“We could be in it up to our necks again if those two start a coven here!’
“What do you mean ‘if’?”
Stuart looked at her as a clock chimed the half hour in the foyer, finally saying “Of course.  They’ve already started one and they don’t train them well either.”
“As few of us as there are here, how good do they have to be?”
“Cosette, I can cross over.  You can train me…look…we could easily move out of New York for the three weeks and rent or lease a place somewhere suitable.  Then counting James there would be four of us….and we could have Rebecca and the Millhouses watch for Ian to return while we’re gone.”
She fastened her eyes on him then and looked sympathetic and a little sad “Oh Stu!  I hate that you want to do this because of our situation.  You know that you will be sterile afterward.  Can you really say that you don’t want to have children?  Ian and I both longed to have children.  Think about what you’d be giving up, and for what?  A chance that we might need more help?”
“But if you or Ian were killed, how could I ever live with that?  Promise me that you’ll think about it.”
She nodded then, thinking and what do I tell Ian?  What do I tell Elsie?  I’m sorry that I made your only remaining human son into a vampire, but it seemed like a good idea at the time?  What am I to do about preserving your libido?  Hire a prostitute?  She stood to hug him saying “You’re the best brother anyone could have, Stu.”
“Thank you, Cosette.  You’re not so bad yourself, for a vampire that is.”  At that they both laughed and were relieved somewhat from the tension of the situation.  As they shared a laugh, Cosette thought could you forgive me if I brought your brother over Ian?  Would your mother ever forgive me?  I wish I could talk to Marie.  She thinks of everything.
***
Ian rocketed through the virgin forests of western New York, following the Mohawk River eastward.  In early afternoon he overtook the British column moving east toward Fort Stanwix.  He stopped and pondered the situation, thinking that they’d be tied up for some time trying to take the fort.  Moving onward he spied a pair of hunters out in advance of the column and who had ranged within a close proximity to Fort Stanwix itself.
He approached the two from an area affording good cover and assessed them as scouts and hunters for the British Column.  Sitting a bit and thinking about the situation, he decided to sling his rifle and just walk out in plain view.  Hailing them, he waved in a friendly manner and seeing that his rifle was on his back, the pair waved back.  They approached each other and Ian spoke first “Have you seen game?”
“Who are you and why do you ask?”
“Sorry.  I’m Ian McCloud and I’m checking on availability of game for Benedict Arnold’s column.  They’re coming to reinforce the fort and wanted to know about how good the hunting was hereabout.”
“Arnold?  How far back is he?”
“Oh, they were camped over forty miles back to the south.  I was to scout far ahead and report back.  Until I stopped at the fort, I hadn’t seen a soul for some ten days.  Do you live around here?”
The two looked at each other then and said “Yes, just north of the Mohawk.  We’re neighbors.  I’m Will Strait and this is Tom Bright.  How did things…look at the fort?”
“Pleased to meet you.  Uhm…at the fort they were doing some kind of readiness exercise; practicing reloading the cannon and some kind of fire brigade drill.  Well, I’m due to return.  They won’t come close to feeding three thousand men on game in these parts.  Good luck to you both.”  He waved as he turned and trotted off to the southeast toward the imaginary column of men.  There was no harm in planting a rumor to scare the column who might well fear reinforcements.  Once out of their sight he resumed his easterly course toward Fort Stanwix at vampire speed.
Approaching the fort he slowed and hailed the sentry at the gate, telling him of what he’d seen to the west.  Shortly a young Lieutenant came out and Ian related everything that he’d seen to him.  After suggesting that he dispatch messengers to rally support from the militia or the army, he departed.  Running through the night he arrived at Albany before dawn.
Scouting the perimeter of the encampment of the Continental Army he decided to approach and see if he knew anyone there.  Easily noting where the sentries were, he approached one with his rifle slung across his back and hailed him.  He identified himself as a hunter who worked with Darren Roberts and was waived through.  Entering the camp he saw activity that made him think that they were aware of a force coming from the north.  He asked for Darren then and it turned out that the third man he met knew him and directed him to the part of the camp where he’d be staying.  As he rounded a row of tents, he spied Roberts coming from a tent.
“Darren Roberts!  Are your feet thawed out yet, man?”
Roberts wheeled and hollered “Ian McCloud!  We thought you’d gone south to hunt in warmer weather.  How have you been, man?”
“Good, really.  Darren, I just came in from the far west.  There’s a column of two thousand or more redcoats heading toward Fort Stanwix.  They came in from Lake Ontario.”
“What?  We have to tell General Schuyler about that!  They’re coming at us from the north too.  Follow me.”
It took some ten minutes to get to the command center and while they were waiting to see Schuyler, they caught up on events.
“So you were at Trenton and Princeton then?”
“Yes.  It either was raining or sleeting the whole time.  Miserable weather to hunt game and damned miserable for marching and crossing rivers!”
Laughing then, Darren slapped Ian on his back and said “Man, it is still good to see you.  Where did you winter?”
“Morristown, in New Jersey.  The game was not too bad to find at first.  Got worse later in the winter, but always lots of rabbits.”
Shaking his head in admiration he said “If there’s anything breathing, you’ll find it.  Here we are” he said as he spoke to the guard who told them to return later being as General Schuyler was having a staff meeting.
Ian spoke then “Tell General Schuyler that there is a British Column approaching Fort Stanwix and will be there by now.”  The guard’s demeanor changed to one of genuine concern as he said “Wait, please” and disappeared through the flap of the large tent.
As quickly as he had gone he returned and beckoned, holding the tent flap aside.  They approached a table with seven officers seated and General Schuyler standing at a hand-drawn map of the Hudson Valley mounted on an easel.  
Darren stepped forward.  “Darren Roberts, hunter/scout General Schuyler.  This is Ian McCloud.  He hunted and scouted with me under General Knox.  Ian, this is General Schuyler.”
Ian nodded curtly at Schuyler who nodded in return, and then he said “I saw a column of some two thousand British regulars with some light cannon, maybe eight.  I made them at four-pounders.  They were only a day away from Fort Stanwix, approaching from the west along the Mohawk River.”
“What?  You’re sure about the numbers then?”
“Yes sir.  Do you know of any similar movement from the North, from Montreal?”
“Yes, yes.  They took Fort Ticonderoga, but we had only a small force there.  Our forces have been retreating this way ever since and fighting as best they can.  We’ve left no horses for the British so they’re having a hard time coming this way.”
“Then you’re defending Albany.  Sir, do you know if Howe has sent a force this way from down in New York?”
“No.  That’s a major worry too.  Darren, I’d like for you two to go and see if we’re being approached from the south and if you can, alert the militia down that way to come help us here.”
Ian spoke then “Sir, this might be their way of isolating New England from the southern Colonies.”
Turning to the officers Schuyler said “He’s right about that.  Britain controls the seacoast.  If they seize Albany they can control the Hudson Valley too and isolate the southern colonies from the northern ones.”  Turning to Ian and Darren he said “Don’t delay.  Leave now and report back when you can.  We need support here so I’m giving you written orders to send any militia or Continental units that you encounter as soon as possible.”
Within a half hour, Ian and Darren set out on horseback toward the south, traveling down the Hudson Valley.  That night they camped, having spread the alarm at many farms and homesteads along the way.  Ian said “I can travel faster alone, Darren.  I could take the orders and you could alert families along the way.”
“Well, that would be faster because we’re taking a lot of time stopping and telling folks, but what other way can we get the militia out in force?  We’ll split up then tomorrow.”
Later after Darren had dropped off to sleep, Ian quietly saddled his mount and left camp, walking the horse some distance before mounting up to ride in the moonlight.  He found a small farm some three miles further along and taking the saddle from his horse, he let the animal into a pasture adjacent to a creek and to the house.  Leaving the saddle on the porch with a note rolled up and stuck through a cinch buckle it explained that he’d return for the horse later.  He rocketed away to the south then and was within forty miles of New York City by sunrise, having never seen any redcoat units nor even a single campfire.  Coming upon an encampment of the militia numbering nearly one hundred men, he hailed the camp and shortly was allowed to enter.
Soon he had explained the situation to captain Will Sims, the head of that unit.  “How many redcoats are coming to Albany, McCloud?”
“I saw around two thousand west of there, headed to fort Stanwix and at Albany, Schuyler said Ticonderoga had fallen.  He thought that the ones coming south from there were a larger force.”
“We’ll head that way and bring as many as will come.  I’ll dispatch a message to Benedict Arnold’s force.  Tell Schuyler that we’re pretty sure that Howe has taken a large force to take Philadelphia, and we’ve warned them there already.”
“That might be a good thing, really.  The assembly will evacuate and the British will get a city with only civilians and Tories.”
“I see what you’re saying.  They won’t risk leaving New York City short on soldiers to send them this way too with so many already gone to Philadelphia.”
Ian nodded and smiled saying “You read my mind, Will.”  He handed over General Schuyler’s orders for relief to Sims then, and shook hands with the man.  Saying his good byes then, he trotted off toward the north.  Once out of their sight, he rocketed away and near mid-day he was once again where he’d left his horse.  The family wasn’t even at home, so soon enough he was mounted up and heading back toward Albany.
As he rode along at an easy canter, Ian thought if enough militiamen turn out, we have a good chance of crushing the entire northern British Army here.  Howe will have gained Philadelphia with the Congress safely evacuated and will have traded his northern army for it.
Unknown to Ian there had been an incident where a preacher’s daughter in upper New York had allegedly been killed by Indians in the employ of the British forces.  The Mohawk Indians were burning and pillaging the countryside of southwestern Vermont and upper New York south of Ticonderoga as Burgoyne’s forces advanced on Bennington, in Vermont.  They were hoping to raid a large cache of supplies that Tory spies had said were there, and they were desperate for horses and anything else they could use.  All of New England was in a state of alarm and outrage.  Militiamen from all over Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, Connecticut, and Maine were heading toward southwest Vermont and New York.  James Barrows had heard and had bid good bye to Melissa, heading toward Vermont himself.

Chapter 55
As the family gathered in the parlor of the chalet in Zurich, Celeste handed Celine to Louis and took a seat facing everyone.  “Ian’s north of New York City a good distance away, and has been helping them prepare for a big battle at a place called Saratoga.  He was a lot further west before that, in the wilderness staying there with Indians.”
“What are Indians?”
“They’re the true native Americans, Aimee.  They’ve always been there.  Cosette and Stuart are still in New York City with the Millhouse family.  The city is still occupied by thousands of British soldiers.”
“So Ian never returned to New York City then?”
“He did return and that was him on the park bench wearing a disguise” she said.  Sophia and Marie both groaned and everyone shook their head.  Marie said “So close!  How frustrating this is!”
Mustafa asked “How is it you’re just now getting this?”
“It is getting easier and clearer since I imprinted.”  She then stood and smiled radiantly saying “There is more and it’s good news.”  Everybody leaned forward then in anticipation.
“I can now see Henri and Jennifer!”
Several of them said “What?” at the same time, and Marie stood up, coming to Celeste beaming with joy “Your gift, Celeste…it’s growing since you crossed over?”
Nodding her head as she smiled at everyone she continued “At first I just got little bits and pieces and I didn’t know what to make of them.  But recently I’ve been getting clear pictures of both Henri and Jennifer in Paris.  Henri has been meeting with an American named Benjamin Franklin helping him to get France to enter the war on the side of the Americans.”  Here she became very somber looking as she continued.  “Jennifer has been relaying messages between Henri and the bank’s courier center in Paris.  These are very important messages, and the subject is a very grave one.”
Everyone leaned forward again as she said “Two vampires that have been looking for Ian and Henri have left London and are in Paris now.”
“We should all go there now.  We can leave today” said Mustafa, his eyes like glowing topaz.  The others looked at each other, eyes glowing.
“There’s more.  Cosette knows that a coven has been started in New York City and there was a dead man found not far from the Millhouse home who’d been killed by a vampire.”
The room fell silent then, even little Celine was quiet, staring intently at her mother.  The sound of a bird outside drifted into the room then as Celine stretched out her little arms toward Celeste, saying “Mama.”
Celeste stepped over to Louis and took Celine and held her to her breast, while looking down at her saying “What do you see, sweetheart?”
Celine stretched her little arm and placed her hand on Celeste’s cheek and had a very somber look on her face then.  Celeste’s face became blank as her mind’s eye looked across time and space to see what could not be seen.  She then seemed to return to the room where they all were gathered and said “There are two vampires in New York City that started a coven.  One wears a silver hook where his right hand should be and the other is a pretty red headed woman with hazel-green eyes.”
***
French Foreign Minister Charles Vergennes took one last look at the letters he had received from Harold Laforge.  He had taken a chance by not burning them, but he burned them now.  There had been no change in the instructions he’d received.  He was ordered to advise King Louis XVI to formally enter the war on the side of the Americans and he’d sat on the fence as long as he dared.  Not willing to lose his private bank account in Lausanne and his position as Foreign Minister, he prepared to see the King that very morning, and this time it was to urge him to enter the war formally and not just speak favorably toward that idea.  He had long since memorized the eight reasons why France should support America and rehearsed what he’d say to the King this morning when he arrived.
As his carriage took him to the palace, he thought who knows but what we might indeed gain Louisiana and all of its land clear to the Pacific Ocean.  The Americans did defeat the British yet again in Vermont, capturing one thousand prisoners.  They’re fighters and are determined.  This could go very well for France but for the money it is costing us to pursue this.  There will be a great celebration when the British finally surrender over there.  I wonder how long it will take for them to realize that they’ll be fighting forever if they don’t end it.  I wonder what the Laforges get out of all of this.  How did they get to be so powerful?
***
The British under John Burgoyne suffered a great loss at Pennington, Vermont.  Militiamen materialized from the countryside to swell the American ranks and the British forces were forced to surrender.  A messenger was dispatched to Albany by the New Hampshire general assembly and John Stark was named to replace General Schuyler.  There were hard feelings about the loss of Ticonderoga by a subordinate of his that fueled the decision and Stark was a favorite of the New England Militia.  This helped to swell the ranks of the militia, causing them to flood into the region to fight against the British and their Indian allies.
In due time, the remainder of Burgoyne’s forces attacked the Americans at Freeman’s Farm near Saratoga in mid-September of 1777.  The American forces lost some three hundred men and The British some six hundred when darkness ended the battle.  There was no real wide spread action after that until early October when Burgoyne’s forces tried to overrun the Americans at Bemis Heights near Saratoga.  General Burgoyne knew that General Clinton was not coming to help him from New York City because so many British troops had been sent to Philadelphia.  He had to fight or retreat to Montreal with winter coming, so he chose to fight.
Ian was busy carrying dispatches between Albany and the site at Bemis Heights near Saratoga, and also between different American positions on the battlefield.  He was most effective at night of course and was the preferred man for any such communications if needed.
Benedict Arnold had received word of the siege of Fort Stanwix via the militia group that Ian had contacted north of New York City.  After a forced march his force arrived and helped rescue Fort Stanwix, driving the British back into the wilderness to the west.  He was now in the Albany area but due to bitterness between him and General Horatio Gates he was sidelined after the battle had begun in early October.  Within just a day, the British had lost one thousand men to the Continental Army’s five hundred.  But militiamen had flooded in from every northern colony and the American forces then numbered around twelve thousand to Britain’s four thousand.  Arnold defied orders and took the field helping the American forces to have a great victory that day.  Having a horse shot out from under him, he broke his leg.  The British were driven back north to their positions of September, and a week later being totally surrounded they surrendered.  
Saratoga was a resounding victory for American forces.  General Howe had taken Philadelphia, largely evacuated.  But he hadn’t captured one member of Congress and had traded that for the loss of the British Northern Army outside of New York City.
Ian spoke to Darren Roberts and took his leave, thinking to spend some time with Moon Owl before winter set in.  Since he’d never joined the army or taken any pay, he could come and go at will.  He had resolved to go to Pennsylvania and try to help feed Washington’s army for the winter, but wouldn’t go until nearly year’s end for wanting to see Moon Owl again.
As he traveled that night, rocketing through the dark primitive forest of the American wilderness, he realized that he had come to love her very dearly.  He had begun to ponder how he could marry her after the war was over and wondered if she could stand to live in New York with him a good deal of the time.  He would be the head of the New York branch of the bank and James would head the Boston branch.  Turning it over in his mind he tried to envision how he could take her home every year to see her people if they lived in New York City.  It seemed possible if only she’d be happy in the city.  These thoughts pleased him and he longed for the war to be over so the two of them could start a life together as husband and wife.
Recalling his grief at Alandra’s death, Moon Owl being mortal did bother him.  He was certain that Marie, Henri, and all of the others would love her and welcome her.  How would she feel about going to France with him?  Would she be willing to cross over and become a vampire?  Did he have the right to ask her to do that?  As he sped through the night he thought I wish I could ask Marie what she would think about all of this.
***
Cosette sat in the carriage, parked around the corner from a blacksmith shop on the lower west side.  “This one is the perfect weight, Stuart” she said as she hefted the beaten piece of iron that would become her short sword.  The blacksmith that had finally given Stuart this piece said it was a bit too heavy for a short sword, but the other one that Cosette had tried was too light for a vampire.  She had wanted to take care of this herself, but hadn’t wanted to attract any undue attention.  A woman selecting a sword would be talked about and Cosette, being an Adept schooled by Henri and Marie Lafayette, always went out of her way to do things in such a way that would never arouse suspicion.
“He said he’d have it ready to be picked up in eight days.  It’ll take two just to temper it the way you want it done and to put an edge on it.”
“And my sheath?”
“The tanner will do it with a sharpening stone pocket on its surface as you asked.  I have one ready to take to him when we get the sword.”
“Good.  Take it back to him now.  We have other stops to make.”
Shortly the two were at a sail maker’s loft where they picked up her twin shoulder holsters.
“When did he say he would have my waist holsters ready?”
“Three days.”
“And the saber sheath attachment?”
“It’ll be just as you ordered it.”
“Well, go on and order what you want.  We have other stops to make.”
At a tailor’s shop Stuart brought out a package with a one-piece black fighting suit.  It was made of sturdy cloth, and heavy button thread was used, doubled throughout.  There were tie-straps on the ankles and wrists for making it fit snug, and to lessen the chance of a cuff catching on anything.  Pleats at the shoulders, doubled cloth at the knees and a generally loose fit made it a garment suitable for violent combat.  A woman could easily wear it and not be readily distinguishable from a man.
“What are those four buttons under the collar for?”
“They’ll secure the hood that I’ll be making.”
“Hood?”
“Yes.  You don’t want another vampire to see your face if you are fighting with him.  If he or she escapes, they’ll know what you look like and that can be a disadvantage.  This way, none of them will have seen my face should we meet at some time after a fight.”
“But Cosette, your eyes…they’re so…unusual.”
“Our last stop will solve that problem.  We’re there already so why don’t you just come in with me?”
Inside she walked through aisles of cloth and finally she found what she was looking for and bought a yard of it.  A small slender woman with black curly hair in a tattered dress came in seconds later and proceeded to browse nearby.  She was wearing a scarf in such a way that it overhung her forehead so that her features were difficult to make out.  The two barely noticed her as they went up and down the aisles looking at other bolts of fabric.
Priscilla observed the two while seeming only to be shopping.  What are you two doing?  Why are you stopping at all of these places?  Which of you are all of those things for?  Having noticed how clean and fastidious Cosette was about her appearance, Priscilla had taken to bathing nightly in the Harlem River and had also taken to washing her clothes every second day.  One good thing about being a vampire was that bathing in even really cold water didn’t bother her at all.  She had resolved to always be clean and to have clean clothing even if it was tattered.
Back in the carriage Stuart looked at the cloth and suddenly his face lit up in a smile.  “Widow’s Gauze; oho!  I see now.  You’ll cut a hole in the hood you make and sew that in.  It’ll hide your features and allow you to see at the same time.  This is a great idea, Cosette!  Whatever made you think of it?”
“I didn’t.  Ian did.  He invented the first one in Paris when he had to raid a coven by himself.”
“I haven’t heard that story!  Did he invent those shoulder mounted holsters too?”
“No.  Marie Lafayette did that.”
“Marie?  She’s so…refined and…I don’t know…genteel?”
“She is all of that and a tigress too, Stu.  You should see how she fights!”
“When he was teaching swordsmanship to me in Edinburg, Ian told me that you all fight together.”
“We do.”
“Well, are you going to tell me about when Ian raided that coven?”
“There’ll be plenty of time to tell you all of that when we get to where we’re going next.”
“We have another stop to make then?”
“We’re going back to the Millhouse’s and then we’re getting two saddle horses and going out to the countryside.”
“Why?”
“I need to do some target shooting.”  She turned to him then, her eyes glowing as she said “Good marksmanship could soon come in handy.”

Chapter 56
Henri, wearing his Laforge disguise appeared to be in the same inn as Benjamin Franklin that day just by coincidence.  Seeing him, Franklin stood up and called his name, beckoning him to come to his table.
Henri approached his table seemingly surprised to run into the man there.  “I hear that the King has agreed to formally enter the war on our side!  I am to appear before his majesty tomorrow to formalize it.”
Already knowing this and sitting down at the table Henri smiled and extended his hand while answering in a low voice he said “Congratulations, Benjamin.  Your patience and wisdom has paid dividends.”
“So has having the right friends in France, Henri.  I’m not sure that it would have happened in time without you and your friends.  Is there something that I can do for you?”
“Not really, Ben.  I do have some friends who could use some help though.
“Tell me about it.”
“A friend has two agents in America now for the purpose of starting two banks there.”
“Who are they?”
“I doubt you’ve met them; Ian McCloud and James Barrows.  Ian sent a copy of ‘Poor Richard’s Almanac’ to a friend who gave it to me.”
“I see.  You know a Frenchman who is investing in two banks in America?  Isn’t that a risk?”
“No.  He is a silent partner with an Englishman who is going to have the bank in his name.”
Franklin sat back then and raised both eyebrows in surprise, saying “You do have the most interesting contacts, Henri.  Who is it?”
“Robert Milliken of ‘Edwards and Milliken’ of London.  He and my friend go way back.”  We go back three hundred and thirty years but you needn’t know that, or that Henri Lafayette and I am the same person he thought.
“And your friend?”
“Henri Lafayette.  He was the one who got the draft-honoring system going in Europe.  It’s most lucrative, and is becoming quite popular.”
“I know of it.  How is it that a Frenchman and an Englishman go way back?”
“You’d have to get Henri or Robert to tell you that, Ben.”  He thought meanwhile that will give me time to make up some plausible story.
“What will these new banks be called then?”
“Milliken something…uhmm…  ‘Milliken Merchants’ Bank’; that’s it.  Henri says they’ll have one in New York, and one in Boston, or maybe Philadelphia.”
“Oh you definitely want one in Philadelphia.  That will be the seat of our new government for the foreseeable future.  And I’ll be sure that several good men in our Congress know about ‘Milliken Merchants’ Bank’, you can be sure of that.”
“I’ll pass that along to Henri the next time I see him.  In fact I used a lot of his contacts to help you.  He feels the same way about your struggle for independence as I do.”
“I should like to meet this Henri Lafayette.  Is he related to General Marquis de Lafayette?”
“No.  The Marquis is of a noble line, and Henri is a self-made man.  I’ll tell my assistant to make an appointment with Henri, and we’ll see if we can get the two of you together.”  Just what I need right now; a complication he thought.
“That would be Miss Anjolie then?”
“Yes.”
“She’s an exotic beauty, Henri.”
“She is that.  You are known to have an eye for appreciating those traits, Ben.  I understand that you have been successful in pursuits related to that venue as well.”
Tipping back his head Franklin laughed heartily and said “Guilty!  Is there nothing that you don’t know about in France, Henri?”
Smiling Henri shrugged as he thought there’s little that we don’t know about in all of Europe, Doctor Franklin, but I won’t admit that to you.
***
Ian’s reunion with Moon Owl was a joyous one.  He had slipped into the village in the dark and had gone softly to the cabin, tapping softly at the door before dawn.  Moon Owl had wrapped her blanket around her shoulders and come sleepily to the door, only to throw it wide open with a smile and jump into his arms, twining her arms around his neck while kissing him.  Her mother was asleep on the other bed so Ian scooped her up and bounded away, carrying her about a mile to a secluded place where they made love passionately.
“Ah, lass.  I’ve missed you so!  I had to come see you before I go to Pennsylvania.”
“I thought of nothing else but you the whole time.  When will this war ever end?”
“I think we’ve made a big breakthrough…  France might join us in our fight and that could shorten the war.  But I don’t see an end soon.  The British have seized our capital in Philadelphia.”  He sighed deeply then as he absent-mindedly stroked her hair, kissing her head now and then as she held his other hand to her lips.
“You’re in deep thought.  What troubles you besides this war?”
Chuckling he said “You’re getting only too good at reading me.  I was wondering how you would like to live part of the time in New York City after the war and part of the time here, like maybe every summer.”
She was silent and then she raised his hand to her lips and kissed it tenderly several times, saying “My life will be where yours is, but I do want to see my people too.  I think what you say would be wonderful, and I would do anything to make it work.”
Would you come to France with me to meet the others of my kind?”
“Yes.”
Would you come to Scotland and meet my human family?”
“Yes.”
He gathered her in closer then, saying “My happiness will be complete then when this damnable war is over, Moon Owl.  When that day comes, you will be Monique McCloud; that is if you will marry me then.”
She squirmed out of his arms then and rolled over astride him laughing, her hair spilling around his face.  “I’ll marry you then or any time.  My heart sings tonight.”
***
“Paul.  What brings you out here?” 
“Hello James.  I’d like to introduce you to a friend of mine.  John, this is James Barrows.  James, this is John Hancock.”
The two shook hands then and James showed them in to the parlor of the cottage.  “Please be seated, gentlemen” he said as he stepped into the kitchen to get a third chair.  Joining them he raised his eyebrows as he looked from one to the other.
Hancock spoke then saying “Paul here tells me that you have some correspondence that might encourage Spain to enter the war on our side against Great Britain.”
James looked at Revere who nodded and said “Ian told me all about his contacts in Spain; three of them I believe, including King Charles III himself?”
“That’s true.”
Hancock whistled then, and shaking his head in wonderment he said “If they need to get to France, I can help.  I know a man who is in Providence even now who can get it there for you.  Have you any instructions about that?”
“I do, sir.  They are with the package itself.  Shall I get it?”
“Please do, James.  We’re anxious to help.  So this package needs to go to France to get to the right people in Spain?”
“Yes.  There is an extensive courier network at our disposal there which reaches all over Europe.  We need only get the package to an agent who will be waiting daily in Nantes.  All instructions are included for contacting her.  Ian even included several gold sovereigns to pay for anyone’s time who needed that along the way.”
“James, your package will be delivered unless God Himself intervenes.”
***
Stuart and Rebecca danced yet another minuet at the gala, and she was having as good a time as she had when she spent an evening with Ian.  She knew that she was becoming more enamored with Stuart every day, and wondered if he felt the same.  There was the same feeling like a gentle electrical current when she touched him that she had experienced with Ian.  She found that she was thinking less and less of Ian and more of Stuart.  He was courteous and attentive, but had made no overt moves regarding her.
They all had prevailed on Cosette to come and had wrangled an invitation for Sheriff’s Deputy Lucas Ross who had escorted Laura.  The two were getting along nicely and Laura had to admit that she liked Lucas as well as she had James.  Thelma Millhouse and Laura’s mother Merriam were there as well.  Stuart and Lucas danced with all of them so that none had to stand around all night as there were more ladies in attendance than men due to the war.
Cosette asked “Thelma, why are the British hosting a gala after suffering such an awful loss at Saratoga?”
“They’re trying to keep everyone focused on their occupation of Philadelphia, dear.”
“Why they lost thousands of men to gain a city already evacuated.”
“Exactly why they’re having this gala.  We’re supposed to be too stupid to recognize their blunder.  If I’ve learned anything at all by observation it is that General Howe won’t’ last long as commander in chief after Saratoga dear.  Watch and see.  Saratoga may be all that was needed for France to come into the war.”
Unnoticed, a young scrub woman with a mop and bucket watched from a mezzanine above the dance floor.  It had been easy to gain entrance, coming to the back door and saying that she’d been summoned to clean up after a sick guest.  She seldom took her eyes off of Cosette, and noticed her sweet charm as she accepted several dances with young boys.  Even just as an observer from where she was, it was soon easy to see how Cosette was able to easily put the boys at ease in spite of her exotic and sophisticated beauty.  She would deliberately misstep soon after one of the boys did, and would roll her beautiful eyes and cover her mouth and laugh at her missteps just to put the boys at ease.
Several times she would laugh and hug one of the women she had come with as they shared a comment.  Although some single adult men asked her to dance, she never repeated a dance with even one of them, always managing to accept one of the boys invitations again, which they were lining up to do soon after she had begun to dance with them.  She never made a misstep when dancing with one of the men either.  She did it all with consummate grace, effortlessly and in such a way that everyone was charmed by her, and none resentful, even the adult men who’d only gotten one dance each with her.
Priscilla shook her head in absolute amazement thinking she’s the kind of vampire I want to be.  I hate my life and I hate living with the coven.  Why couldn’t I have been forced by one such as this Cosette instead of Stefan?  The answer is that she’d never force someone.  She is a princess among vampires no doubt, maybe even a queen.  I could learn to love living as she does.  The others won’t hear about her from me.  Maybe if I watch her long enough I can learn some of the things that she does so well.  I wonder if she has a mate.  It’s not this handsome man who accompanies her everywhere.  He’s human, and they don’t have that kind of connection.  I wonder if her mate is as wonderful as she is and if they belong to a coven somewhere.  Oh, to be part of such a group!  If they’re as wonderful as she seems to be it would be more like a family.  
Orphaned at a young age and dirt poor ever since, just as her life seemed to be as bad as it could get, she had been forced to cross over and become a vampire.  She sighed deeply as tears formed and began to course down her cheeks while the music played on.  I thought that my lot in life had to improve because it was so bad.  Little did I realize that it would get worse, and permanently so….

Chapter 57
Ian spent the winter at Valley Forge as a hunter and courier once again.  The Continental Congress reconvened in Lancaster Pennsylvania after evacuating Philadelphia well ahead of the British Army.  Later in the winter they moved again to York.  He carried messages to and from those cities all winter long and provided game as well.
The winter began with Washington’s part of the army numbering some ten thousand, but one fourth of those died of disease or illness by springtime.  It was the most brutal winter of the century by all records kept.  A German by the name of General Friedrich Von Steuben came to assist Washington and he took over directing the day-to-day activities of the American Army there.
Washington was free to plan strategies with his other senior officers, not to mention that he was required to appear from time to time at various functions hosted by influential patriots.  Needing their support and good will, he spent some time during the winter months each year attending to things like that, which he regarded as a necessary evil.
Von Steuben drilled and organized and trained the Continental Army for the first time ever.  He completely reorganized the camp and one of the first things he did was to lay out the Valley Forge camp latrines where the lowest elevation was.  For the first time ever, bayonet fighting was taught formally and properly.  The Continental Army had only begun to have a lot of muskets equipped with bayonet lugs and bayonets when the French had stepped in the previous year with money and weapons.  Whereas the soldiers had until then mostly used them as a spit for roasting meat, they now were taught the science of proper combat with a fixed bayonet.  Ian observed that they became far more cohesive, effective, and confident from that time onward due mainly to Von Steuben’s iron discipline.  This helped matters because it kept the troops occupied and there was no time for malcontents to stir up rebellion at the harsh conditions.
One amusing incident that he’d seen involving Von Steuben stuck in Ian’s mind.  He couldn’t speak English at all and required an interpreter.  He’d get so angry at the soldiers at times that he would curse them in the German tongue then with a face red with anger he would urge the interpreter to repeat the curses and insults to the officers in English.  Ian later learned that this was a common occurrence.
In May, General Benedict Arnold returned to duty at Valley Forge, his leg being healed.  Ian had already departed, having been a courier, and having hunted and provided game steadily for some five months for the American Army.  He resolved to travel to Boston and pay a visit to James and Melissa on his way to see Moon Owl.
***
Arriving late in the day, he found that no one was at Melissa’s cottage so he walked into Boston, intending to go to Faneuil House to learn what he could.  There he read postings of various events and saw Samuel Adams.  He came to Adam’s table and said hello to him about the time Paul Revere walked in and spotted him.
“Ian McCloud” Revere called across the room as he walked smiling toward the two men.  “By Heaven Ian, it is good to see you again.  Were you in Pennsylvania then with Washington?”
“I was, Paul.  I kept them in venison at first, but they quickly went through all that I could find and for my part, they finished the winter on bear, rabbit, partridge, and squirrel meat.”
“From what I hear if anyone could find game, you could.”
“Well Paul, they didn’t object to giving me slugs and powder as long as I kept bringing back meat!”  The two laughed heartily at that and then Ian asked the whereabouts of James Barrow.  Being told that Revere had seen James and Melissa at the Old South Meeting House, Ian took his leave and departed, only to see the two approaching, arm in arm smiling broadly.
“Ian!  You’re a sight for sore eyes!  Where have you been man” James said as they gave each other a mighty bear hug and slapped each other on their backs.  Ian turned to Melissa and took off his hat then saying “Good evening Melissa.  You look wonderful and that is a new dress if memory serves me.”
Laughing delightedly she stepped forward and hugged him, kissing his cheek.  “James bought it for me not a month ago.  You’ve not changed one bit Ian.”
“Well you have.  You get prettier each time I see you and I must say that the two of you make a handsome couple” he said with a brilliant smile as Melissa blushed.
“Ian, I sent your letters to France.”  James lowered his voice then as he said “Hancock came to me when Revere told him about the letters.”
“Good.  I think there’s a chance that they’ll do some good.  We may yet get Spain to weigh in on our side.”
“What did you tell them?  They were all written in Spanish.”
“I told them that they stood to gain Florida and Alabama because the French would enter the war before they did and would occupy the British fleet enough to make it possible for them to reclaim that territory.”
“That was taking a chance wasn’t it?”
“You don’t know Henri Lafayette and the influence he has in France.  Was I not right?  Here we are in the spring of 1778 and France has formally been our ally since February.  I just read that General Howe resigned and was replaced by General Henry Clinton.”
“We read that yesterday.”
“That makes the third commander the British have had since the war started while we still have our original commander, General Washington.”
Melissa spoke then, saying “Ian, you talk like James does now.”
Ian raised his eyebrows as she continued “Both of you now say ‘we’ when referring to the Continental Army whereas you always used to call them ‘the Continentals’ or ‘the Americans’.
Ian looked at James gravely then and began a slow smile as he looked at Melissa again “Why you’re right, Melissa!  We’ve become Americans without even knowing it!”
***
The rain fell softly at the chalet in Zurich, dripping steadily from the gables of the large house.  Celeste sat with Celine in a chair near a window in the kitchen, absently looking out the window as Celine played with her hair.  Marie came through on the way to the back door and Celeste called to her.
“What is it?”
“Please sit with me a moment, Marie.”
She pulled another of the kitchen chairs over by the window and sat down, looking expectantly at Celeste.  Celeste fixed her eyes on Marie’s and sighed deeply, saying “Ian asked Moon Owl to marry him, Marie.”
Marie raised a hand to her mouth as she took a deep breath, eyes wide.  “You’re sure about this?”
Celeste sighed deeply and nodded her head.
“Do you know when this will happen?”
“After the war’s over, whenever that is.”
“That may be years yet.  Surely Cosette may find him before that.”
Celeste’s eyes began to tear then and soon tears streaked her cheeks as she whispered “It’s not fair.  It’s just not fair to Cosette or to Ian.  Oh, how cruel this is becoming, Marie!  I…I just can’t bear it.”  Marie scooted her chair closer so that she could take Celeste in her arms then.  The sound of the rain increased as it became a heavy downpour and Celeste wept on Marie’s shoulder.
Little Celine knew that her mother was sad and struggled to reach her with both hands.  Celeste separated from Marie and drew her close then as the infant put her little arms around Celeste’s neck, kissed her cheek softly and stroked her hair.
“You know mama is sad, don’t you baby?”
Celine said “Mama sad, Ian and Cosette” as the two looked at her in amazement, being as she’d never voiced a sentence.
“What’s Ian doing, baby?”
Celine put both hands on Celeste’s cheeks and stared into her eyes as Celeste’s stare went blank momentarily.  In seconds she re-focused her eyes and turned to Marie wide-eyed and somber as she said “He’s thinking about bringing her to cross over now, before marrying her.”  The rain now had become a deluge and the sound of it increased dramatically at the window where the three sat.
***
Bartholomew eyed Pricilla privily; taking in her petite frame, sensual lips, her dark curly hair and big pale blue eyes he began to feel the stirrings of lust once again.  Since he’d finished his imprinting, she had not come near him or any of the other males.  She had woodenly submitted to having sex with him twice to preserve his libido at Yvonne’s insistence, and had since become withdrawn, even morose at times it seemed.  Clearly she was neither interested in him or any of the other males in the coven.  Often she’d stay away over the course of a day or two and then return, with no particular explanation of why she’d been absent.  Some of the coven females had refused to pair off with a single male and had instead taken up with several of the males, so Bartholomew had not gone without female companionship.  But he was far more attracted to Priscilla than the others.
The coven had returned to the house that Yvonne had leased, but she had determined to look for another place to live, maybe to the North of Manhattan Island.  There was a bridge there at the Harlem River, named Kingsbridge, being at the time the only bridge to Manhattan.  Yvonne was constantly on edge, fearing detection being as the population of New York City was under 23,000 people, not counting the British Army.  It was not the hunting ground that London or Paris was for sure, and the task of keeping the others in line was straining her patience.  Between that and Stefan’s moping around, depressed as usual and also her being confined with the coven daily, she was becoming short tempered.  She had come to appreciate Priscilla for never causing a bit of trouble or complaining and always helping to keep the place neat as opposed to the others who were slovenly.
Stefan could think only of getting revenge on the gray eyed woman who had taken his hand in combat years earlier and was oblivious to the fact that he had become a cuckold as Yvonne had clandestinely paired off with the newcomer, Grundy.  Priscilla had intuitively guessed that from the day that Grundy had been introduced to the coven.
She especially didn’t like Grundy, even dreaded him somewhat, but wisely maintained cordial relations with him and with Yvonne.  The hate that he tried to keep hidden was more than obvious to her, clearly apparent in his brooding eyes.  She sensed that of all of them he was by far the most dangerous, and had decided that at some point she would leave the coven unannounced.  Meanwhile she would try to keep up some sort of pretense of being a responsible member.  The thought of drinking human blood repulsed her beyond anything she’d ever experienced.  Yvonne had been insistent that the coven not take humans for fear of discovery and a massive investigation involving the British Army.  Priscilla wondered what would happen if the British Army ever left New York City.  She thought with the threat of a massive military involvement removed, what would prevent some of the coven members from preying on humans? 
It seemed prudent to Priscilla to at least make a convincing display of wanting to achieve the goal of the coven leader, Yvonne.  Toward that end, she had determined to find a human who looked vaguely like the description Yvonne had given her of Ian McCloud.  She would then tell Yvonne where she saw him and thereby seem to be an enthusiastic participant in Yvonne’s goal.  This would give her leeway to stay away even more and she was sure that Yvonne would support her extended absences being as she was so obviously seeking to help with the coven’s cause.  It would have to be in a place that Cosette never visited because she didn’t want the others to even suspect that Cosette was herself a vampire.
The coven knew that Stuart was not Ian McCloud and by Yvonne’s orders they knew to steer clear of his entire group, but to maintain surveillance of them.  Priscilla by now had determined that Cosette was the gray-eyed woman who had taken Stefan’s hand in combat and that she might be more than a match for any member of the coven except Grundy.  The last thing she’d ever do is to share that with her coven being as she had come to admire and respect Cosette, wanting to become like her as much as possible.  She thought how do you stand to be abroad so often in sunlight, Cosette?  There are things I long to ask you.  Had you not jumped up on the back of that park bench so effortlessly and back down again, I’d never have suspected that you were a vampire.  How is it that you’re so well-trained?  Never once before or since have you made even a single move to betray what you are.  These fools I live with make constant blunders excepting for Yvonne and Stefan.  What excited you so to do that near the park that day, or maybe I should wonder who excited you so?

Chapter 58
 ‘Moon Owl, I have something to ask you” said Ian as he absently stroked her hair.  She was nearly dozing, her head resting on his chest, one of his hands to her lips.  She sleepily nodded “Uhmm….yes.”
“I can make you become like me.  Would you consider doing that?”
The rain gently fell, the wind occasionally causing it to spray against the southern window of the cabin, increasing the intimacy of the setting as a small fire crackled in the hearth, mainly for light.  She snuggled as if to draw nearer and gave a husky laugh as she said “Will it do anything to make what we just did this evening less enjoyable?”
Chuckling he replied “No.  I won’t  have to be so…so careful while we’re…you know…while we’re making love.”
She sat upright then, looking somberly at Ian.  “You have to….what….be careful when we….?”
Nodding slowly he said “Yes.  I always have to be very careful.”  He reached out and caressed the side of her face and said “I don’t care a bit.  It’s as nothing to me as long as we can be intimate.  You’ve become the center of my world now, and I can’t live without you.  No matter what you choose, I’ll love you until the day that I die.”
Her eyes shined with the tears gathering in them as she kissed his hand and held it to the side of her face.  Nodding she said “I’ll do it, love.  I’ll do anything you ask.  I want only to be with you now, forevermore.”
He drew her down to pillow her head on his chest once more and continued as he stroked her hair.  “There is pain associated with it, and it takes around three weeks to do as I told you before.  I’ll be with you every moment until you’re completely imprinted.”
Kissing his hand, she turned her head a bit so that she could roll her eyes up and look at him saying “What is imprinted?”
He explained it to her and mentioned that she’d learn to use her left hand, how to fight with a knife, a sword and to shoot and load a firearm; as well as how to kill and drain game to feed herself.  “You’ll learn many things to be able to successfully masquerade as human while imprinting.”  He went on then saying “You’ll be able to learn to speak any language in a single day and you’ll be able to learn to play my violin or a piano or any musical instrument in a very few days.  We won’t have to speak to each other in the French or Seneca tongue as we do now.”
She sat up again, wide-eyed “Really?  All of those things?”
“All of that and more.  If cut you’ll heal nearly instantly and you’ll never sicken nor will you ever die.”
“I can’t be killed?”
“Not so.  Any of us can be killed, but it’s very hard to do.”
She settled against his chest once again as the rain continued to sporadically blow and splatter against the south window above their bed.  “I’ll do it, love.  When do we start?”
“I want for us to be married by Tall Elk here amidst your people, today if you like.”
She again sat up and held his hand to the side of her face, tears again forming in her eyes as she said “I’m so happy.”
Ian gently kissed the palms of both of her hands and then continued “When the war is over, we’ll be married in Boston or New York City in a ceremony common to white people.  That will give us a married status in their world too.  It’s important, so I want for us to be married there too.”
She nodded and said “Will I imprint here then?”
“No.  I want you to be closer to all of the varieties of food which the white man eats.  That way you’ll be able to masquerade as human anywhere in the world.”
“I don’t understand….”
“I can’t get those foods here, and you’ll be glad we did it that way.  Everything we do during the imprinting will stay with you forever.  We’ll go back to the house we leased in Boston.  I still lease it and it’s waiting for us.”
She nodded again as she leaned forward and reclined against him, kissing his hand then she shifted so as to kiss his chest and neck softly as her hand rubbed his chest and stomach slowly.  The storm outside intensified and the wind began to moan softly at times, whipping around the gable end of the cabin as the rain beat harder and harder.  As their passion grew, so did the storm outside as lightning began to flash and loud thunderclaps became more frequent.  The two of them were completely unaware of anything but each other by then as Moon Owls’ soft cries of ecstasy were drowned out by the violence of the storm.
***
Jean Claude LaRue walked toward the Green Marlin Tavern and Inn at Nantes.  He carried a sealed package of documents concealed in a special pocket in the back of the loose fitting black wind breaker he wore.  A black wool knit French watch cap was on his head, its crown dangling to one side in typical French fashion.  He looked like any ordinary French seaman walking through a port city of France, but in fact, he was an accomplished smuggler close to completing a mission that he had been told was vitally important.  He had the gold sovereigns well-concealed in the captain’s quarters of his ship to confirm that fact and was personally taking the final step of this job himself, leaving his ship at anchor with the first mate in command for the day.
As he approached the place he checked the time on the bell tower near the center of town and it was near to noon time.  His contact should be at a table and all that he knew was that it was a woman who would be wearing a dark red scarf and would have dark hair.  Her name was Saffron’ Lemont and she was to be here at noontime every day until he arrived.
Upon entering the place he saw what he would think was the usual clientele typical of a tavern in a coastal city of France.  Near a window however, he saw a woman fitting the description he had memorized.  As he neared her, he saw that she was an exotic looking beauty, dusky with cascading dark hair and was impeccably attired, setting her apart dramatically from the customers of the place.  She was wearing a superbly made pair of ivory-framed sun glasses, apparently staring out the window, but actually quite aware of his approach.
He passed a man who looked to be a blend of Asian and European who was having soup and who appeared to ignore him as he walked by.  Coming to the table of the woman, he stopped and used the greeting he had memorized, saying “Madamoiselle Lemont, I believe.  How was your holiday?”
“Bon jour Monsieur.  The weather was rainy and I came home early.”  That was the sign to be seated so he did so.  “Have some soup.  It is quite good today.”
He nodded and said “I have an ingredient that will make it taste superb” as he surreptitiously slid the package on to a vacant chair at the same table.  He continued then saying “but alas, I must be off or I’ll be late for an appointment.  Bon jour, Madamoiselle.”
Shortly after he departed, Li got up from his table and joined Sophia.  They each took the personal letters and read through them at vampire speed, and then had a leisurely conversation about some of the things in each one, separating them from the other package.  Looking at that package, Sophia said “That package goes to the people in Spain, Li.”  
He nodded and said “Did you tell me that one of them would go to King Charles himself?”
“Yes.  Ian hopes that he can persuade the King to come into the war on the side of the Colonists or at the very least, try to retake Florida and Alabama.”
Li laughed then, taking her hand as he said “As Ian would say that will tie the Kings shorts in a knot.”  Sophia laughed then, leaning over to kiss Li.  “Let’s leave here.  It’s a long journey to Madrid.  We’ll seek an audience with the King after seeing Roberto Rodriguez.  Mustafa will meet us there.”
“I didn’t know that.”
“I just opened a dispatch yesterday before you joined me and forgot to mention it.  Henri rerouted him through Spain because he is the Lafayette banking contact there and that will help convince Roberto that this is from Ian even more.”
“Henri doesn’t miss much and I can say that I’ve learned so much from him.  Ten years ago I was a cook on a merchant ship and could barely speak two languages and now I’m a property manager and speak nine languages.  Life is strange.”
Later as they rode along in the carriage heading south toward Spain, he asked Sophia.  “How do you like the world of espionage?”
“I love it; especially when I have a surprise and I get to go on missions with a certain handsome Eurasian man that I know.”
“If I see him I’ll be jealous” said Li then as Sophia leaned against him laughing.  She said “You joke more than you did when we first met.”
“That’s from being around all of you round-eyes for so long.”
Sophia threw back her head laughing merrily.  In a moment she said “Seriously, this is a great honor to me.  When I think of where I came from and look at myself, really at us today, I’m still amazed.  I could never imagine my life now without you and our family.  I’m so happy that Henri trusted me to do this.”
“His trust was well-placed, and I’ll tell him so.”
“He doesn’t know that you’re here, does he?”
“Yes.  I sent a courier to tell him that I’d be with you what with this investigation going on now.  I wouldn’t feel right letting you go to Spain alone.” 
“I never asked you, but how did it feel when Celine touched your memories of Ian?”
Shaking his head he said “Had that not happened, I would have a hard time believing what she can do.  She literally looked through my memories of Ian, but she was…gentle…sweet.  I can’t describe it.”
“That’s how I would describe it.  It was as if she….her mind…I don’t know, but like her spirit maybe was asking my spirit if she could peek at my memories of Ian and yes, she was sweet.”
“That’s what I was trying to say.  It was as if she kept asking if she might see this and if she might see that.”
“Exactly.  The whole experience was beautiful, Li.  I really didn’t want her to leave my mind.  She’s like an angel of some kind, a miracle child.  I was at peace when she came…..I don’t know what….maybe knocking on the door to my consciousness?  And I was at peace when she departed.”
“Yes.  She’s a living miracle.  I can’t help but wonder what powers she’ll have when she’s fully grown, especially if she crosses over to become one of us.”

Chapter 59
It was dusk as an officer of the Continental Army stopped at the checkpoint leading to General Washington’s tent.  After a brief password exchange the officer parted the flap and entered the tent, standing at attention saying “Colonel Butler reporting, sir.”
Washington glanced up as he folded a document and put it into his breast pocket.  “At ease, Colonel.  What have you to tell me about New Windsor?”
“It was full of Tories and they had indeed been recruiting local Indians to wage war on our people, sir; Tuscarora I think.  I burnt the place down and those who escaped are scattered.”
Washington nodded, satisfied and said “That was a scurvy business, shameful really that those Tories could do such things to their fellow countrymen.  Well done, Colonel Butler.  That will be all unless you have something to add.”
“Well, I do sir.  It might be that area would be a good place for us to use as a post from time to time, being maybe twenty miles or so north of West Point.  The British will investigate it at some point and will dismiss it as being worthless being destroyed and abandoned.  What better place to locate a post that we can use now and then?”
“So we don’t build it up or anything that would cause Tory spies to report it, but we just use it from time to time?  I like the idea.  Anything else?”
“No Sir.”
“Very well Colonel.  Dismissed.”
“Good evening sir” said Butler as he saluted smartly and departed.  Washington followed him out through the entrance of his tent only to see a friend approaching.  He called to the guards to pass him through and asked them to expand the perimeter around his tent, moving them further away from it.
Shaking hands with the man, he said “Please be seated Ben.  I’ll return shortly” as he gestured toward a chair in his tent.  He went to the door and walked around his tent once, checking to see that his hand-picked guards were stationed all around it, some thirty feet distant.  He called to each by name and nodded as they turned and saluted.  To each one he said “Maintain this perimeter.  Lives depend on you now.”
Rejoining Tallmadge, he seated himself and pulled a document from his pocket, spreading it on the table between the two of them.
“What is this General Washington?”
“Lower your voice please, Ben.”  Tallmadge nodded as Washington continued “This is an organizational diagram of a spy ring that I want you to create, Ben.  It’s to be centered in New York City to spy on military installations and activities there.”
“I see no names here, only numbers.”
“Correct.  There will be no names ever used in any correspondence.  None among them will know who is a spy but each one will know who his contact is.  It is best if they only know the number that is assigned to that contact.”
“Who assigns the numbers, General?”
“You organize it and I’ll assign a few numbers.  You assign a few; just your contacts and no others.  The others will assign their own numbers for their use.  They only need to know the numbers that have already been assigned to prevent duplications.”  Pausing for emphasis he looked at Tallmadge with that peculiarly direct gaze for which he was noted and continued “However they don’t need to know who those numbers are.  Each field agent is to know only their number and the number of their contact.  I want you to institute a system whereby agents will leave messages for others in pre-arranged places.  These Dead Drops will be used extensively for daytime transfers.  There are to be no lists or records on paper of this organization.”
“That’s best, General.  I’ll be 413.  That is the number of my daughter’s birthday.”
“I’ll be 711, which means nothing to me.  That’s best, really.  You’re to get any and all information on all British fortifications and activities of all kinds in New York City and the surrounding area.  They’ll be ferried north across Long Island Sound to a hand-picked squadron of my dragoons who will wait for the information along the coast of Connecticut.  They’ll always know where my headquarters are from time to time as that may change, but will know nothing about the documents they carry, which will mostly be sealed packages.  I encourage other methods of passing intelligence along too as you may devise.  Simply advise me of what it may be as you incorporate it.”
“Do we write to each other, General?”
“No, Ben.  We only speak face to face.”
“I see.  Best that way I suppose” he said as he nodded.
“You’ll be my spymaster, Ben.  Are you up to it?”
“Yes I am, God willing.  Sir, we have women who are very dedicated to our cause.  I suggest that we use them.  They are far less likely to be suspected of espionage than men are.”
Washington sighed and nodded “Yes.  I hate to drag women into this thing, but we need every advantage.  Very well, Ben; use the ones that you judge to be up to the task.  We have to guard their names even more though.  The very thought of a woman being arrested and tortured…..” he broke off here, shaking his head.  Looking up again at Tallmadge he said “We might assign a number that only designates that the person is a woman to another of our spies.”
“One number for all women we enlist?  I’ll incorporate that too, sir.  What do we call this thing?”
“We call it nothing for now.  It’s best that way.”
“Very well.  I’ll report back in say two or three months directly to you” he said as he started to reach for the sketch on the table.  Washington placed his large hand atop Tallmadge’s hand and shook his head saying “Nothing on paper, Ben” as he took the sketch and held it over oil lamp on the table.  The two watched it burn and then Tallmadge stood and extended his hand, saying “I leave for New York City tomorrow morning, General.”
Washington said “No Ben; you leave tonight because you were never here.”  He gave a rare smile then and extended his hand, his steady blue-eyed gaze fastened on Tallmadge.
***
Ian and Moon Owl were just finishing her stretching exercises.  He had begun that from the first, recalling what Li had taught him about the importance of being limber and imprinting that trait.
Her imprinting had gone very well.  The rented tenant’s house on the farm west of Boston was a perfect place, being isolated enough that no one could easily observe anything happening there.  She accomplished four days on her blood fast, and was able to tolerate direct sunlight for some two hours.  Ian had praised her for that, telling her that only four of the family could tolerate it for very long.
James was privy to the process and it was he who supplied the various foods and things that Ian wanted from time to time.  Melissa was’t told that Ian and Moon Owl had returned to Boston for fear that she might come to the place to visit Moon Owl.
Ian had instructed her in basic firearms usage, loading, cleaning and shooting.  She was also given basic swordsmanship lessons as well as hand to hand combat training and knife fighting as all members of the Lafayette family had had in France.  Her faint spells and the pain of her body adjustments were much like Ian’s had been.  He was with her always and would always hold her during bouts of severe pain like when he was stretching her limits to tolerating sunlight and during the frequent bouts of pain during her blood fast.
During this time he taught her to speak English and to read and write it as well.  After she had learned that, he taught her German and Spanish and how to be able to read and write those as well, but not as thoroughly as he had taught her reading and writing in English.
They lay in the shade, listening to the sound of a meadowlark singing as Ian absently stroked her hair, her head pillowed on his chest.  “I need to teach you how to be clumsy now that the more important things are done.”
“Why?”
“You may need that skill to deceive another vampire one day.”
“But you said that you and James are the only ones in America.”
“Well, we may be, but that can change.  Besides” he said with a gentle smile “You’re going to Europe with me some day, remember?”
“You mean I’ll need it there?”
Laughing warmly he cupped her chin in his hand and kissed her tenderly, saying “You may not need it for a hundred years, or you might need it tomorrow.  Who knows?  I’ll say though that I’ve used it and I was glad that Marie taught me so very well.”
“I do want to meet her and the others.”
“You’ll love them, and they’ll love you.”
She rose up on one elbow and looked at him “Will they truly, Ian?”
“Who could not love you?”
She raised his hand to kiss it and said “Do you believe that one can love another at first sight?”
Thinking of Alandra and even more so of Cosette, he weighed that and carefully said “That can happen…so, yes.”
“Did you feel that the first time you saw me?”
Deliberately pausing he looked skyward as if he was trying to recall the incident he then looked directly at her and said “No.  I saw someone who needed my help.”
She nodded and moved back into his arms, her cheek against his chest as she said “I was afraid at first, but then I saw how you killed him so easily…I mean he was so much bigger than you.  Still I wondered at first if you would do the same things to me…but only for a bit.  I could see the concern in your face when you gave me your shirt and tried to speak to me.  I…I just knew then that you wouldn’t harm me.  I began to love you as we got near Boston I think, and I knew that I loved you by the time we were living in that house.  I knew it when you left to hunt game for Henry Knox.”  She paused and took his hand, kissing it as she said “I’m glad you told me everything about yourself that evening.”
“I’ve come to think that maybe that is the best way to…get through a situation like that…I mean…I didn’t want to drive you away, but I was…I don’t know…I didn’t want to deceive you.  I want you to know that I’d already become so glad that you were wintering with us, and James felt that way too.  It would have been so dreary without you, even before we became lovers.  So you meant that much to me even then.”
“I hated it when you left and my heart sang to me when you returned.”
Kissing her he said “I could tell that.  You had suffered so that I thought it would be really cruel to lie to you.  I don’t like telling humans about myself.  And I hate the lying too.  Humans can be killed for even knowing about us in Europe.”
She rose up on one elbow again, facing him “Truly?  Killed just for knowing that vampires exist?”
Nodding somberly he said “There is a Supreme Council of vampires in Europe who take that sort of thing very seriously.  You wouldn’t believe how far they can reach to do what they think needs to be done in that regard.”
“You sound as if you know a lot about them.”
“Well, I’ve met each one of them on one occasion and I know three of them very well, like friends.”  He fastened his gaze on her then saying “I respect what they do and I try to help them to control rogue vampires when asked.  I have nothing to do with killing humans though.”
“Have you not had to kill British soldiers?”
“I haven’t killed anyone in this war.  I just don’t feel right about that…killing people who are soldiers and who would likely rather be in their home country than here.  It just seems wrong.  Anyway there’s plenty of time for you to learn even more about that when we’ve been over there for a while.”
She laid back again, her head on his chest “I’m not afraid to go.  I’m starting to look forward to it.  Do men walk about on stilts truly and light lamps at night in Paris, or were you teasing me?”
“They do that there and now in London too.  Say, I have an idea for this coming winter.”
“Oh, let’s not talk about when you’ll be gone.”
Laughing then he said “I want you to come and stay with me.”
In a flash she was up and had rolled astride him, laughing “No jokes now, Ian.  Tell me truly.”
“No jokes.  I have an idea for a tent we could make to live in.  We could make it here and test it.  Then when we leave we take the covering with us and cut fresh saplings for the frame when we reach the army.”
Throwing back her head she laughed, shaking her hair.  Then she leaned down and kissed him and said “Oh I love it already!  Can we have a stove too?”
“Why not?  I have an idea for how to do that and even how to keep rainwater from leaking around the smoke stack.”
“Oh, oh, oh!  Can we have a tub too?  Tell me we can!”
Laughing heartily he said “Shall I bring a piano too?”
She collapsed on to his chest then, both of them laughing nonstop.

Chapter 60
Hearing the big brass door knocker, Thelma Millhouse waved the butler aside, answering the door herself.  A slender woman with brown hair and hazel eyes in her early thirties stood there, smiling.
“Anna Strong!  Come in here right now, woman.  I’ve not seen you in a year!”
“I moved back home to Setauket, Thelma.  How have you been?”
“Oh fine, fine; Setauket?  My, that is fifty miles from here isn’t it…uhmm …halfway up the coast of Long Island?”
“That’s it.  It’s very quiet there; local fishermen and a few British soldiers for patrolling the coast.”
“Whatever brought you here, dear?”
“I had to meet someone in New York City.  It was very important, Thelma.”  Stepping closer she said in a very low voice “Is there any place we can talk privately?”
“I have two house guests who aren’t here now.  Come this way” she said as she turned and went up the grand staircase to Cosette’s room.  Inside she turned to Anna and gestured to a wingback chair next to a love seat.  The two friends sat then, facing each other.
“Thelma, I’ve been asked to help a group of patriots to gather information about the British here in New York City.”
Thelma sat silently regarding her friend, and nodded, smiling gently “Go on dear.”
“I don’t want to go on further, Thelma.  I…well, I want to know your feelings on the subject, and I…you know, I wondered what you think…about that and about the outcome of the war.”
“I’m not pleased at all with what our country has done to the people over here.  In fact, I’m disgusted by it and I sympathize with the rebels.  Who are these people who contacted you?”
“I’ve known the man since childhood, and he’s known the man he was recruited by since childhood too.  They are both patriots.”
“That is all you know?”
“Well, yes.  As it was explained to me, it’s safer that way.”
Thelma nodded and regarded her friend in silence.  A blue jay cried raucously outside of the window in a maple tree adjacent to the house.  Finally she spoke “I think that Great Britain has handled the situation so badly here that it’s irreparable.  There is enough of the population now that is against the Crown and in favor of independence, that it can’t be stopped from happening.”
“Do you think the war will end soon?”
“Heavens no!  But now that France is in it officially, Britain has a serious problem.  There is trouble in India now and also at Gibraltar.  Any empire can fight only so many wars at one time, Anna.  This situation does not bode well for Great Britain no matter who is telling the king otherwise.  What if Spain sees an opportunity to regain what they lost and decides to jump in now that France is in it?”
“So you think that the patriots will win eventually?”
“Yes, provided Washington himself isn’t captured or killed.  He’s doing the right things keeping the army intact and never trying to meet the entire British forces head on.  Do you think that Washington will try to take New York City from the British?”
She shrugged, saying “I don’t know, Thelma.  I’m pretty sure he wants to.  They may only want to learn as much as they can in order to be more effective elsewhere in the colonies against the British though.  I only wanted your opinion about this because I value it so.”
“I’ve given a lot of thought to returning to London, but I’m leaning more and more toward staying in America, Anna.  I think this place has a great future in the community of nations.  I want to stay here now and a lot of that has to do with Laura.”
“Laura is your niece, right?”
“Yes.  I feel that should she marry, she and her children would have a brighter future here.  England has reached too far too fast and the consequences will not be good over time.  I’ll help you if I can, but I’ll deal only with you and no one else.  You alone will come here to pick up information.  If that won’t work, then I won’t risk helping you.  And we mustn’t communicate about this matter in writing.  Anything you want to tell me you’ll tell me in person.”
Anna nodded and Thelma continued saying “You must always have a valid reason to be in New York and to be visiting me.  I own the South Harbor Fish Market.  You’re coming here to speak to me about a group of fishermen who want to sell their catch to my establishment.  That’s your story should you ever be interrogated.  We spoke of it and you agreed to get the fishermen in Setauket to give me a uniform price on Codfish and bring the offer to me.  Any questions?”
“No.”  She smiled and rising then, the two embraced and went down to the parlor to talk of other things for some two hours.  It was dusk when she departed, refusing an offer to stay as an overnight guest.  Saying that she had another stop to make at a small farm in the Harlem area, she assured Thelma that she’d stay the night there.
She went to her carriage and climbed into the seat, clucking to her horse and starting up the darkened road to the north.  Moonrise was happening and she knew that with the full moon, she’d easily be able to find her way.  As she passed through a very dark area under several trees about a quarter mile from the Millhouse home, she was knocked from her seat by a dark form hurtling out of the blackness.  Rolling down a brushy embankment she hit so hard that she was knocked breathless.
As she got to her knees, she was again knocked flat and pinned to the ground by a dark shape.  Anna saw that her attacker seemed to have eyes that glowed like topaz, and then immediately another dark form smashed into the one over her.  There was a slight reflection from a blade in the moonlight and then an unearthly roar of pain that terminated as suddenly as it started.  A dark form moved toward her as she shrank back in dread, it was black from head to toe.  As it came closer, it put up an arm and drew off a black hood.  Instead of the attack she feared, a silky voice spoke to her.  “Don’t be afraid, Anna.  He’s dead.”
“I…I…what happened?”
The form materialized into that of a woman wearing an all-black one piece suit, wiping a sword clean with a handful of weeds as she came closer.  Reaching upward she sheathed the sword behind her shoulders with a well-practiced gesture and stepped closer, smiling.  Anna could see that she was a beautiful woman, a bit taller than her, with a mane of hair that had light highlights visible even by the light of the moon.  Her skin appeared to have some sort of quality the like of which Anna had never seen.
“That…. man…that man attacked me, and you….you killed him?”
“Yes.”
“I…I don’t understand.  How…who…what has happened here and why?”
The other woman stood silently for a bit and then said “He was a vampire and I killed him.”
The two stood some ten feet apart then in the moonlight, as a whippoorwill sounded its call.
A…vampire?  That was…a vampire… just now?”
“Yes.”
“What…who….what, a vampire?  There are no such things, but thank you just the same.  Do you know who he really was?”
“Not his name, but he was a vampire sent to watch the Millhouse home.”
“How do…how…what do you mean watch the Millhouses.  And how do you know he is….what….a vampire?  How can you say that?”
Anna gasped and stepped back a step as the woman drew nearer, her eyes glowing softly now as she said sweetly “Don’t be afraid, Anna.  I’m a vampire too.  My name is Cosette.”
**
 “Everyone listen.  Priscilla has seen a man that she thinks might be Ian McCloud.”
Stefan looked up and fastened his dark eyes on Priscilla, saying “Where was this, Priscilla?”
“It was at the Star Trading Company, near the southern tip of Manhattan.”  
“What did he look like?”
“He’s tall and has dark wavy hair and blue eyes, and trades there from time to time it seems.”
“Aren’t there a lot of tall dark haired men in New York?  Why this one?”
“I remembered that Yvonne said the British were puzzled about the money never being found when they came to the bank and I thought that maybe it was hidden in New York City somewhere.  Maybe McCloud stays around disguised as a trader just to watch his hiding place.  I heard someone call him Tom one time.”
Stefan said “That’s it?”
“I’m sorry, Stefan.  It’s very crowded there when they’re open for business.  I just hoped that I could help.  Please don’t be angry with me.”
Yvonne stepped closer to her and put an arm around her shoulders, saying “You did fine, Priscilla.  Have any of you turned up a lead yet?”
Everyone sat silent then, staring from Yvonne to Stefan.  “I thought so.  At least Priscilla is looking and not just hunting at night and lying around here in the daytime.  And has anyone seen Roland?”
“He went hunting last night and never came back today” said Grundy, watching Priscilla closely.
“Harold, won’t you come with Priscilla and me today?  We’ll investigate this man.  You’re the only one of us who knows McCloud if you see him.”
Nodding grimly, Grundy put on his broad-brimmed hat and gloves, picking up his saber and saying “Roland will come back when he’s ready to.  What are we waiting for?” 
As they departed Priscilla thought Roland will never return because I saw Cosette kill him last night as if he was only a child.

Chapter 61
Robert Townsend and Abraham Woodhull sat in Woodhull’s kitchen, each with a snifter of whiskey.  The freshly opened bottle sat on the table between the two friends.
“We’ve gotten off to a good start Abe.  Anna Strong is a good woman; no one I know is more reliable or discreet and she has good contacts that know and socialize with Tories.”
“Yes.  She’ll know who to recruit.”
“Tallmadge will have our Dragoons stationed at intervals so that the messages can get to Washington faster.  The British won’t suspect that we would take messages out of New York by going halfway to the far end of Long Island and then by sea to Connecticut.”
“Agreed.  We have only to keep our wits about us and stick to strict protocols.  To our success then” he said as he raised his glass, clinking it against Townsend’s.
“We’re in this thing from now on, up to our necks.  Speaking of necks, we’ll surely hang should we get caught.”
“Ben Franklin said we all hang together or we shall all hang separately.  Of all people in New York City, we are the most culpable in this affair.”
“That’s us.  Culpable as all hell, and hoping to never be caught.”  Pouring another shot for each then, Townsend said “To being culpable, but not getting caught” as they clinked their glasses together and downed their fourth shot.
Townsend looked amusedly at Woodhull and said “Since we’re to never use our real names and since I am the younger of the two of us, I will be Sam Culpable Jr. and you will be Sam Culpable Sr.”
“Agreed then.”  Pouring another shot for both of them Woodhull raised his glass, saying “Culpable is too big of a word and too easy to understand.  Would we get anyone in trouble if we took the name ‘Culpepper’?
“Best not do that for fear of an innocent family being persecuted.  How about this?  Sam Culper Jr. and Sam Culper Sr.  To the Culper Gang.”
“To the Culper Gang.”
***
Roberto Rodriguez came to his outer office with a broad smile, extending his hand to Mustafa and Li as he greeted them.  Taking Sophia’s hand he bowed slightly in courtly fashion and kissed it.  “What brings all of you here?  I’ve seen Marcel here twice since Ian’s wife died and uhmm, let me see, oh yes; I saw you and Sophia when you all came through here with Celeste.  Is that correct?”
Mustafa, using his new name of Maurice smiled brilliantly and said “Yes; that’s correct.  We have communications to you from Ian McCloud.  We were asked to bring it to you ourselves.”
Roberto raised his eyebrows then, nodding as he said “Why did Ian not come then?”
“He’s in America now” said Mustafa.”
“Ah!  America?  I didn’t know.  I got his letter of course after Alandra died.  Such a tragedy!  She was as a daughter to my wife and me.  I suppose that I can understand why he chose to go at that time.  Please come in to my office” he said as he stood aside to gesture to the group.  He told his assistant to hold all appointments for the next hour as he closed the door behind them.  Opening the package bearing his name, he read the letter addressed to him first, brow furrowed in thought.  Finished he raised his gaze and looked from the eyes of one to another of the three.  “This is quite an idea he has put forth here.  It seems that he thinks that if Spain enters the war on the side of the Americans, the British might be persuaded to end the war there.  He says that even if Spain doesn’t formally enter the war, she could have a chance to seize Florida and Alabama once again.  He also thinks that Spain could use the whole affair to retake Gibraltar and the Balearic Isles back from the British.”
“That’s about it, Roberto.”
Sophia spoke then saying “Your King Charles might convince King Louis to join him in trying to retake Gibraltar for trade concessions to the French.  They would like nothing better than to see Britain lose control of the Mediterranean.  And after all Roberto, both Louis and Charles are related, both being of the line of Bourbon.”
“King Charles?  I am to petition the King on this matter?”
“Well, yes.  Ian wrote a letter to the king and it’s in that package.  He asks that you endorse the idea if it seems feasible to you.”
Roberto stood and paced to the window overlooking a square in Madrid.  He stood there for a short while looking out and occasionally looking at the letter.  Turning then, he said “I see possibilities in this.  It could go the way that Ian thinks, but it could fail too.  I will present it that way, as a thing with possibilities of great gains with some risks.”
Sophia came forward and handed another letter to him saying “This is for you to deliver to Chief Prosecutor Enrique Chavez.”
Frowning he took it and looked at it.  Laughing after reading it, he said “It’s not signed.  I suppose he’ll know who it’s from though.  This makes me want to do it almost of itself.  He reminds Chavez here that he is the ‘mutual friend’ of Roberto Rodriguez and Chavez who wears a ‘black suit and hood’.  He promises to return a certain painting to Chavez in return for his support in this idea.”  Looking at the three then he laughed again, saying “Oh, I love this already!”
“So we can count on you then for your support and to deliver these letters?”
“Yes.  I’m happy to help.”
“He thought it best to give the King’s letter to his oldest daughter, Esmeralda.”
“I’ll do that.  She had her niece taken to Barcelona House when she had wasting disease and the child was healed while she was there.”
The three raised their eyebrows then, nodding as they realized how strong an ally that Ian had in the royal family itself.  Mustafa then said “We have two more here, one for Alandra’s uncle at the King’s court and one that we’ll deliver to her father in Barcelona, unless he’s here.”
“He’s here in Madrid.  I saw him yesterday and he’s staying with his brother, so I’ll deliver those letters myself.”
Mustafa stood then, smiling broadly as did Li and Sophia.  Roberto invited all to attend supper at his home in Madrid that evening which was accepted.  Before they departed he said “I have one thing to ask.”
The three turned back to him smiling as he said “I have observed how… reformed Chavez is since that time, and the painting must have disappeared from the throne room on the night that Ian somehow convinced Chavez to let me and my wife out of prison.  After that night security was doubled at the palace.  How did Ian get that painting, and how did he convince Chavez to let me out of prison?”
Mustafa looked at Sophia and Li, saying “Have either of you heard this story?”  The two shook their heads in unison.
Roberto continued then “Oh that isn’t all of it.  Chavez let many people out of prison after that night and the man has been a different person ever since.  You might actually like him now.  Oh, I almost forgot but he has the tip of one finger missing too.  It is said that happened around the same time and that Chavez has never said a word about how that happened either.”
Laughing now, the three all shook their heads as they looked at each other in surprise.  Sophia kept on laughing then as she said “Oh, I love it!  It sounds so much like Ian.”  Looking at each other Mustafa and Li grinned and nodded as Sophia said “I’m definitely going to make him tell me what happened when we see him again.”
Both Li and Mustafa nodded as they laughed and Mustafa said “Roberto, there is no way that he isn’t telling us about this one!”
***
Ian and Moon Owl made their way south toward Valley Forge.  They brought their belongings in a wagon pulled by a yoke of oxen and made their way as a light snowfall blanketed the area.  As they traveled southward, Ian told her what to expect and that she was Monique McCloud if anyone asked.  He had bought her a golden ring in Boston that she was to wear at all times.  She was dressed just as he was, complete with a broad brimmed hat and she even had sun glasses for bright snowy days.  She looked like a white woman dressed as a frontiersman.  Her hair was always pulled back in a ponytail or on cloudy days when she did not need her hat, it was done up in a tight bun with pearled hair pins.  Ian always wanted her to appear to be a white woman who accompanied her husband, and not a squaw he had brought along.  It was important that all of the soldiers respected her, even though she easily could kill a platoon with her bare hands.
Ian had hired a Boston sail maker to make up his tent covering.  The tent frame was a simple affair of some twelve poles the same length that fastened to a single iron ring at the top of the tent.  Twelve small horse shoes were welded to the outside of the ring at equal intervals, each to receive one of the twelve poles.  The tent was a cone shape and would shed rain easily, and being so steep it wouldn’t allow snow to build up.  The top ring had an iron ring around its inside perimeter for the stove pipe to go through, and the pipe itself had a wide circular collar flashing immediately above where it went through the top ring and a rain cap on the top end.  That acted to turn rainfall and snow and prevent them from entering the tent.  Ian had had that part custom made along with the iron ring, stovepipe, and the stove itself, a small upright affair.  He had set up the frame at the sail maker’s loft for him to be able to cut and fit the canvas to it.  Strong canvas ties were sewn all around the base perimeter of the cover to anchor it to stakes and to the poles themselves.
It was tall inside, around fourteen feet, and was around that size diameter too at its base.  The canvas was treated with hot wax to repel water, and fitted over a covering of deer hides that were stitched together by Ian and Moon Owl, made in long triangular shapes to lace together over the frame.  This acted to insulate the tent somewhat, and thereby lessened the consumption of firewood.  It made for a snug winter dwelling and when they arrived at the first pickets some distance from the camp, Ian spoke with them briefly identifying himself.  He showed them where he would put his tent for the winter, and introduced two of them to his wife.  Leaving Moon Owl there with their wagon, he made his way to the center of the camp and sought out Darren Roberts.
Roberts was out hunting so Ian left word with General Washington’s adjutant that he was camped on the north side of the encampment outside of it and that he would be hunting game again for the army that winter, and would be available for courier duty too.  He saw no reason to say that he’d brought his wife with him and decided that if they didn’t like it, he and Moon Owl would just pack up and leave anyway.
After returning to the site, soon the two were setting up their tent, and before dusk they had it up and a cozy fire burning inside.  Moon Owl had been gathering cedar branches since Ian had left so they had a really thick layer of them for carpeting the floor of the tent.  It smelled really good and was warm inside very soon.  Fearing a fire, Ian kept the cedar away from the stove, which sat in the center of the tent.  He resolved to stack flat creek rocks around it some six inches high, sometime soon.
Under cover of darkness the two departed to hunt.  Moon Owl now had four copper flasks and her own copper bowl for her own ruck sack.  Ian had had all of that made up by Paul Revere at his shop before they had departed.
Some twelve miles away they came upon a small herd of deer and quickly killed three, catching them and breaking their necks.  After filling their flasks, Ian shot each in the head with a pistol.
“Why did you do that?”
“We have to make it look like I shot these animals or questions will soon be asked as to how we killed them.  So always shoot them in the head or maybe in the chest after we kill and drain them.”
“What about rabbits and squirrels?”
“We’ll say we caught them in snares and just broke their necks.”
“I see what you mean about living among humans.  We always have to be so careful what we do.”
“We can never relax our guard.  That’s one of the most important things about being a successful Adept vampire.”
She nodded her understanding as he continued “You’ll never say that you killed any of our deer.  You’ll say that you always empty the snares.  That will keep any idle gossip from starting up.  Oh, another thing we want to do is to always save a good cut of meat or a rabbit for the sentries near us.  I don’t want any of them to get upset because I have my wife with me here.  If we’re always feeding them, they’ll never say anything bad about our situation.  It would be good to have a bit of meat on a spit roasting over a fire outside of the tent a lot of the time too.  We can just give it to the sentries or whoever comes along.  That’s another thing that will stop gossip.  We can use one of the two kettles we brought to make stew now and then too.”
After they got the deer carcasses to their camp, Ian set about building a rack of saplings for hanging the carcasses.  He had one done in less than fifteen minutes working in the dark at vampire speed and soon the two of them had all three carcasses gutted and tied into place.
“I’ll get busy building a bed frame tomorrow after I take these three deer into camp.  I can’t show up with game tonight.”
“Mmm; I like that idea about the bed.  I’ll help” she said with a laugh.
Stepping over to her then he put his arms around her and kissed her tenderly “You’ve helped me already so much just by being here with me.”
Slipping her hands inside his shirt then she began to rub his stomach and chest, saying in a very low voice “This winter won’t be dreary at all, love.”
Chuckling then he pulled her tightly against him saying “Oh I believe that!  I think we should go see how warm the tent is now, don’t you?”
***
Sitting in the chalet’s cavernous parlor in Geneva, Celeste and Marie gazed out of the large bay window at the falling snow.  “So Ian has married this girl, Moon Owl?”
“Yes.  They were married by the chief of her tribe at a ceremony with her people.  They’re still going to wait until after the war to be married in a ceremony like we do.”
“And she finished her imprinting and all of that in the early fall, like you said.”
Celeste sighed “Yes.  They’re now at a place called Valley Forge, not too far from Philadelphia.  They’re wintering in a tent and are providing game for the Army there.”
“Why didn’t you tell me earlier?”
“Oh, Marie, I hated to be the bearer of bad news.  I’m sorry.”  Looking at her then, Celeste smiled and held out her hand to Marie and as she took it she said “I won’t omit telling you anything else from now on.”
“Good.  You need to share this with someone anyway.  We won’t tell the others.  Who knows what may yet happen and what good would it do anyway?  What about that vampire that Cosette killed?  Has there been anything to develop from that yet?  I can’t help but think that they’ll come looking for him.”
“She’s made a friend of that uhm…  Anna, what is her name?”
“Anna Strong?”
“That’s it.  They’re now friends and Cosette thinks Anna may ask her to help smuggle messages out of New York at some point.  I told you that she knows Cosette is a vampire.”
“Yes.  The woman saw the whole thing up close, so what else could Cosette do anyway?  Oh, I did send James Barrows’ address to her.  She can go to Boston and at least get James to help her get word to Ian that she’s alive and in New York waiting for him.”
Celeste shook her head, staring out the window as Marie continued “It’s best that we’re all wintering here together.  Let Moreau and Edwards do what they will in France.  We’ll handle them on our timetable at a place of our choosing” she said as her eyes took on a violet-blue glow.
 Louis had entered the room with Celine in his arms, followed by all of the others.  They all took chairs from the three tables and brought them to the big window, seating themselves all around the two.  Celine reached out toward Marie who smiled and took her, making faces at her as she bounced her on her knees.  Liri sat next to Marie opposite Celeste with little Xavier who also wanted to play on Marie’s lap.  Aimee came and took Xavier to sit with her.
Henri said “We just got a dispatch with a report from our man Rousseau, in the Gendarmes.  It looks like our two vampire friends are building a coven, and I think that they’re building two of them in fact.”
Eyes all around the room began to glow as he continued “We may plan an attack on both for early summertime.  I’m going to the Council on this one and ask for some extra fighters.”
Marie said “Please don’t travel alone, Henri.”
“I will take Li and Sophia when I go.”  Turning to Li he said “It is time that you met the Council, Li.”  Turning then to the others he said “I’ll also introduce Mustafa and Louis later this year as well.  I don’t want to take too many men away from the family at one time though until this thing is behind us.  When we strike, we want to get all of them and their hirelings.”
All heads were nodding agreement as their eyes blazed.

Chapter 62
Ian had ranged some twenty five miles north of the camp that night before finding game.  The wind was very light compared to what it had been, but the scent of deer wafted to him occasionally.  Following it was second nature to him and he had his hearing adjusted to its most sensitive.  Hearing only the hissing of the light snowfall as it hit dried leaves still clinging to the wintertime skeletons of trees, he stealthily made his way to a river that had carved out a groove to descend from a small plateau.  The closer he got, the louder the noise of the small waterfall became.
He judged that the deer were still beyond the river some distance seeing as their scent had changed little.  Likely they too were moving northward, into the wind at the same speed as he was.  He had resolved to increase his speed when he heard something that didn’t blend with the sound of the waterfall.  Freezing in place he strained his senses and stood stock still, his keen vampire eyes peering into the darkened woodland, seeking this new sound again.
Again the sound came, very faintly, off to his right.  He glided noiselessly that direction for a full two minutes, stopping twice to listen.  Coming to a well-worn pathway, he heard a groan and ran quickly to the source, seemingly a pile of snow, but in fact a man lying huddled alongside of the path, covered with snow.  Kneeling at his side, Ian gently turned him face-up and held the man to his chest, brushing the snow from him.  He could see that the man was an officer in the Continental Army.
“Hello sir.  Hello.  Can you speak?  Are you injured?”
The man moaned a bit and opened his eyes, saying something incomprehensible ending with “General Washington” lapsing into unconsciousness.  Gently picking him up as if he was a rag doll, Ian bounded away southward, rocketing toward Valley Forge.
The man would occasionally regain consciousness only to hear the wind roaring in his ears and what little he could see in the night was the skeletons of trees blurring past at a mind-numbing speed.  After the second time that happened, the man thought he was hallucinating and about to die because the alternative was that he was being carried at an unbelievable speed by someone or something.  At times he could swear that they became airborne for several seconds at a time, and then the unbelievable but unmistakable rhythm of two-legged running would resume.
Skirting the outermost pickets and sentries easily Ian rocketed to the outermost tents and then slowed to the speed of a horse and then to that of a human, heading to the center of the camp, now calling out to the sentries surrounding the command center where the senior officers were.
In under a minute he was in the tent of several officers.  The wood-burning stove gave off welcome heat as Ian spoke to a colonel there, saying “Get blankets and get someone to take off their long johns.  Hurry now, this man is freezing!”  As he spoke, Ian stripped off the man’s clothing and his own clothing but for his underwear and lay down by the stove next to the man, holding him as he drew the blanket about the two of them.  “More blankets and coffee or soup; hurry now!”  A major came over with two more blankets and lay down on the other side of the man, moving close to him then as the two of them rubbed the man’s arms and shoulders.  Another brought a cup of hot water, being as a pot of that was on top of the stove.  Ian held it to the man’s lips, urging him to drink.  Shortly the Colonel produced a cup of hot coffee and held it for the man to sip.
After several minutes, the man’s violent shivering spells began to subside and he said through chattering teeth “I’m Major Benjamin Tallmadge.  I’m supposed to report to General Washington.”

Chapter 63
“I was beginning to think that I might never see you again.”
Yvonne skillfully unbuttoned Captain Jonathan Siebert’s shirt and slid her hand inside slowly while smiling at him seductively as she said “Now Johnny, I told you that I must be careful of alerting Stefan of my… desires for… companionship other than his.”
He tipped back his head and sucked in a breath as her knowing hand moved lower while she teased his neck with little kisses.  The tip that Priscilla had offered of seeing Ian McCloud at a trading company had finally been confirmed to be wrong and Yvonne had finally decided to bed Siebert again in the hopes of gleaning new information from him.  Priscilla had apologized so sincerely and truly that she appeared to be the most eager to please of all the coven members.  Yvonne had actually begun to view her as what would pass for a friend.  For one as hedonistic and self-centered as Yvonne, what she felt for Priscilla was almost bordering on a mild form of affection, which was most out of character for her.
She would have been just as satisfied to couple with Grundy again that night, but desiring to find some new nugget of information to use to exact revenge on Ian McCloud drove her to this rendezvous.  Going over the way she would converse with Siebert after they had copulated, she skillfully moved things along as she mentally itemized the things she would talk of afterwards.  Finally satisfied that she had her pillow talk planned to the finest detail, she decided that since she was already there, that she would enjoy herself as best she could, and abandoned herself to her immediate desires.
Afterward Siebert held her close as he listened to his own heartbeat racing out of control.  Never had he been with a woman as intoxicating as this one.  He was hopelessly smitten and was committed to move heaven and earth to please her and to keep her returning to him by any means possible.  They talked a while about mundane things and she seemed to be in a mood for general conversation.  After some twenty minutes of this she asked “How have your work assignments been, Johnny?”
“The war seems to be at a stalemate now.”
“Is that surprising?”
“Not really I suppose.  They’ve learned to fight and we can surely tell the difference.”
“Now that France is in the war, doesn’t that make it worse?”
“Definitely.  We always have the threat of their navy trapping us somewhere by surprise now and we don’t have the control of the seacoast that we had before.”  Seeing that Yvonne seemed interested, he eagerly supplied details of some of the war as he held her close.
“We fought to a draw at Monmouth New Jersey and we actually left the field to the Americans.  They can fight using our tactics now as well as we can, truth be told.  We did take and occupy Savannah though, but earlier in the year, a commander named Clark bluffed a superior force to surrender Kaskaskia on the Mississippi river.”
“I read something about that.”
 “I have to admit that I am impressed at times with the ingenuity of the Americans.  They’ve adapted very well to this land and have developed a style of fighting that’s unpredictable at times.”
“What of Ian McCloud?  Have you ever heard anything about his whereabouts?”
Drawing back a bit to look into her eyes he said “No.  But I just had an idea since you asked.”
“I’m all ears, Johnny” she said as she began to kiss his chest and gently rub his stomach.
As his desire faintly began to be rekindled, he said “I could see if we might question the deserters and prisoners we take to get a location on the man.  You must want your revenge on him badly to be so persistent.”
“He’s earned my hate, Johnny.  I’ve admitted that to you” she said as her hand skillfully slipped lower and lower on his torso while she gently kissed his chest here and there slowly.
His breathing became deeper and his voice more husky as he said “I’ll draft an order tomorrow to query all… mmm… prisoners, including those in our prison ships.  It may be that… mmm… one of them has seen your McCloud.”
“Mmmm Johnny; I’d be most grateful” she said, rolling astride him as he groaned ecstatically, mumbling “Yvonne, you’ll be the death of me… ohhh… mmm… ahhh… what a way to die!”
***
Margaret Milliken read Ian’s communication again in detail.  “We should send James’ last address to Cosette, Robert.  She can at least go and try to find him, or at least leave word that she’s alive and waiting for him in New York City now with the Millhouses.”
“That’s a good idea and if not for this affair involving Moreau and Edwards stalking Henri, I might have thought of it myself.”  He pulled her close then and kissed her tenderly saying “I don’t know what I’d do without you.”
“Are we going to keep these Adept bodyguards around now?”
“Yes.  Moreau and Edwards think I’m a human who does business with Henri, but we shouldn’t let down our guard yet.”
“Henri just did send word that he knows of one or maybe two covens being built in France by those two villains.”
Gently taking her arms from around his neck he leaned back, a concerned look on his face “When did that come in?”
“Just this morning after you left.”
“When the time comes, we’ll go to France and bring help to wipe them out.  I’ll speak to Henri about it at the next Council meeting after the spring thaw” he said as his eyes began to take on a topaz colored glow.
Pressing in more closely to him, Margaret peered up at him, her eyes glowed a bright blue as she said “I’m looking forward to it, and I want to go along when you go to the Council.  I can stay in Geneva and visit with the Lafayettes, er…  I mean the Laforges” she said with a laugh.
“Ever since we helped Ian raid that big coven here, you’ve been quite… adventurous.  Pulling her close he ran his hand slowly, suggestively down her back.  “What is it with you anyway?”
With a throaty chuckle she said “I finally learned what puts that sparkle in Marie’s eyes and the spring in Henri’s step.”
“What?  I’ve been played all of this time?  What’s next” he said as she began to squirm slightly and press against him, murmuring against his throat as she kissed him gently “You’re about to find out now… mmm.”

Chapter 64
Moon Owl and Ian had made good time traveling north.  They had arranged to store their tent and furnishings at a farm near Valley Forge.  In exchange for that, Ian had lent his wagon and oxen to the man for the winter, paid for the hay and fodder for them, and told him to keep using them until he returned the following winter.
He and Moon Owl had spent a comfortable winter at Valley Forge and had steadily brought in game from as far away as forty miles distant.  Even if venison became scarce for a bit, there were always rabbits, squirrels, and partridges to be had.
The sentries on duty at the north end of the encampment at Valley Forge had come to relish sentry duty because they could always get a couple of bowls of hot stew or a rabbit or a good cut of venison most any time they stopped in to see Mrs. Monique McCloud.  Their tent became a favorite stopping place for sentries going off duty as a place to eat a bite and warm up.
She and Ian were the topic of some discussions among the troops, but always in a good light being as they were by now widely known to provide game for the army.  It became known that he had rescued Major Tallmadge from certain death that winter and that he had never signed up nor had he ever received a bit of pay for his service since helping General Knox in the winter of 1775-76.
He had delivered some two dozen messages to and from Congress in Philadelphia that winter, and had become known to those who didn’t already know it that he was a reliable and fast courier when available.  Several members of the Congress wanted him to be a courier only, for high priority communiques, but Washington petitioned them to allow Ian to continue to hunt for game during the wintertime as that was perceived to be of higher importance.  Washington placed the highest priority on holding the Army together during wintertime and holding down the rate of desertions as much as possible.  Feeding the men was paramount to achieving that goal so the Congressional Intelligence Committee relented, but desired to use Ian when possible in warmer weather.  For his part, Ian wanted to help them whenever possible, but he had resolved to take Moon Owl to her people for the summer and to see James and Melissa at Boston while they were in that general area.
It was with this in mind that the two arrived at Melissa’s cottage during the evening one day in late April.  Melissa herself answered their knock and embraced both of them, urging them to come in.
After the women had hugged and kissed each other Ian said “You look well, Melissa.  Where is James?”
“Thank you.  He’s in the city and I expect him home soon.  Please stay.  I know he’ll want to see you both.  What have you been doing?”
“Supplying meat for the Army in Pennsylvania; my helper came with me this time” said Ian with a smile as he pulled Moon Owl closer.
“Will you stay at the tenant house?”
“Yes.  I’ve leased it through summer and we may extend that lease again.”
Pulling a chair in from the kitchen Melissa sat down facing the two.  “James has had something on his mind lately, but he hasn’t said what.  I can tell something is bothering him.”
About then they heard someone come up the steps to the front door and James came in.  Seeing the three of them sitting in the parlor, he broke into a big grin.  “By heaven it is good to see you two!  Are you here to stay a while?”
“Only a short while to visit; we’re going to see Moon Owl’s people soon.”
“Well at least stay and have supper with us tonight.  We’ll catch up on all we’ve each been doing” said Melissa as she rose to check the stew simmering on her kitchen stove.  Moon Owl rose and followed her into the kitchen.  Soon the two friends were chattering about what they’d been doing as James dragged a kitchen chair over to sit next to Ian.
“I’m really glad you two came by.  I want to ask you something, Ian.”
“Go ahead.”
“I want to marry Melissa, and I want to see if she wants to be brought over.  I wonder if it would be better to ask her with all of you here, or to ask her when we’re alone.”
“Speak to her in private.  Then offer to bring her to see us tomorrow at our place.  We can speak to her there and help to answer questions.  It would be good to let her speak with Moon Owl about it since she just crossed over last year.”
“Really?  I’d have never guessed.  So she was open to the idea?”
“Yes.  We discussed it in great detail late last summer.”
They had a lovely evening visiting and catching up on things, and it was late when Ian and Moon Owl departed for their house.
They arrived there in only minutes, checking the perimeter and outbuildings before entering.  Looking about, both were satisfied that no one had been there since they’d left the place.  Ian lit several oil lamps and Moon Owl busied herself storing things away that were in their ruck sacks.  Ian lit a fire and within only three minutes had both kettles full of water heating for a bath.  He busied himself bringing in firewood to stack in the rack along the wall by the hearth as Moon Owl busied herself with a broom knocking down cobwebs and sweeping the floors.
Later the two undressed each other and picking her up, Ian settled into the piping hot water holding her.  She lay back on his chest, sighing deeply as he sponged hot water over her.  “Oh Ian, this is heavenly.  I do so look forward to this every day.  It’s so much nicer than an icy stream, don’t you think?”
“Mmm yes, it is.”
 “What were you two so secretive about in there earlier this evening?”
“It seems that James is going to ask Melissa to marry him.”
“She doesn’t know about him?”
“No.  He’s telling her tonight.  They may be out here tomorrow to speak to us.”
“Is he going to tell her about us?”
“Probably, unless she reacts badly.” 
“What do you think she’ll do?”
“People can have a really bad reaction to us, how we have to feed and all.  Some can’t handle it.  I get a sense that she’ll accept it once she gets over the shock of it.”
“To tell you the truth, I’m more than happy that you told me and asked me to cross over.  I can’t imagine my life now not being as you are.”
He gently moved her hair to one side and tenderly kissed her neck while stroking her hair slowly.  “Ah, lass, I’m so happy and so content with you in my life.  I want that for James too.  He’s a fine friend and would make her a fine husband.  They go together well, don’t you think?”
“They do.  Why don’t you show me how much you love me?  After all, we’ve been traveling all day long and visiting all evening.  I’ve forgotten already.”
“Well, I thought that I’d wash your hair first” he said as he nibbled on her ear and slowly kissed her neck up and down while caressing her very slowly.  She reflexively arched her back and began to squirm a bit, laughing as she said “Mmmm…  I think… ahhh… it is coming back to me now.  Ohhh… yes it is!  Mmmm!
He scooped her up and snatching two towels he had her in their room at vampire speed as laughing, they toweled each other dry and fell into their bed.
The next morning, James and Melissa arrived in their carriage, knocking on the door as Ian was getting ready to empty their bathtub.  Moon Owl answered the door and seeing Melissa standing there with James she smiled brilliantly, taking both of her hands.  “Good morning you two” she said as she drew her in, embracing her and kissing her cheek.  Holding Melissa’s shoulders gently she lovingly gazed into her eyes, and then took her hands and drew her to the sofa.
After greetings the four sat down and looked at each other with expectant smiles.  Finally Melissa spoke, saying “I’m doing it.  How would you two like to help me imprint?”
***
Rebecca walked along through the produce market, hand in hand with Stuart.  She’d never been happier, even when with Ian.  It’s strange, but I could easily love Stuart or his brother.  I wonder how that can be she thought.  They stopped to look at some cabbage and she momentarily put her head on his shoulder as he picked up two heads to inspect.  He loved having her at his side and made all manner of excuses to take her anywhere in New York City just to spend time with her.  The time they’d spent together at the Gala had been especially wonderful for both of them.
Laura and Sheriff’s Deputy Lucas Ross accompanied them, arm in arm.  The four strolled along casually as young people in love often do, talking about nothing in particular, but cherishing the time spent together.
Cosette, Thelma, and Merriam brought up the rear, talking about the war and comparing what each had heard while being separated at the last market.
Thelma said “You know, Major James Rogers Clark took Vincennes on the frontier.  It is said that the British have been paying many of the Iroquois nation tribes for every scalp they bring to Fort Detroit.”  Cosette looked at her with shock as she continued “They don’t care if the scalps are men, women, or children.”
Cosette exclaimed “My God!  That’s brutal beyond belief!  Those people out there know nothing about the grievances that the colonies have with the crown.  They’re only settlers trying to build homesteads and raise their children.”
Thelma continued “And down in the southern colonies Colonel Tarleton has repeatedly slaughtered those who have laid down their arms and surrendered.  He is a butcher of the worst character.  The Hessian mercenaries have been known to do that too.  You can see that this will only end one way can’t you?  There can be no negotiated settlement now.  One side or the other must surrender formally for it to be over.”
Nodding, Cosette thought will this war never end?  Where are you now, Ian?
Unobserved, a petite brunette in a clean but tattered dress and a worn bonnet with a very large brim seemed to be browsing among the produce.  She had well-worn gloves and kept her head down against the glare of the direct sunlight that day.  Skillfully she stayed within earshot of the group, listening raptly to them talking, but mostly listening for what Cosette might say.  The market made for the ideal place to do this, being that the crowded conditions masked her presence.
You are a master Adept Cosette.  Look at the way you blend in with these humans effortlessly.  Cosette; that’s a French name.  Were you mentored in France?  Your people must still be in Europe.  You must love your mate very much to come so far to find him.  What’s it like to love someone that way?  I wish I knew.  Do I dare approach you?  It would have to be at nighttime.  Why were you wearing that black suit and why the sword?  Where did you ever learn to use a sword so well?  I want to know everything about you.  Could I become like you?  Why do you care so much for humans?
A well-dressed man ventured near Cosette, looking at implements.  As Cosette’s group passed by he seemed to accidentally knock over a display containing some twelve garden hoes in front of Cosette’s group.  Being as he was holding a small package of produce, he excused himself and asked if Cosette would hold his package.  He stooped and gathered up the implements and restored them to their place.  As he thanked Cosette, he reached and took back his package, slipping her a small scrap of paper.  Tipping his hat to her with a congenial smile he spun on his heel and departed from the market, walking rapidly eastward.
Unnoticed by Priscilla, a large man with a broad-brimmed hat and well-worn gloves watched her from across the street at a fish market.  Aren’t you the busy little spy now, Priscilla?  Look at you eavesdropping on those humans so well.  No wonder Yvonne likes you so much.  You’re the hardest worker among us no doubt.  What do I care about working for Yvonne though?  I want to bed you and that’s all I can think about lately.  I’d just take you but I know what Yvonne and Grundy will do to me if I do that!  I’ll bide my time.  Those two may go away together after we kill this McCloud fellow.  Then you’ll be mine or else… thought Bartholomew as he fantasized further, becoming aroused at his thoughts.

Chapter 65
Oliver Tarrant whistled a tune as he headed home from the Green Dragon Tavern and Inn.  His apartment was three blocks distant from the Tavern and he was tired from an evening in the kitchen and helping the wenches carry out orders to the customers.  He was still pondering one order in particular that he had carried to a table where a stunning red-haired woman sat with a morose-looking man who had a silver hook in lieu of his right hand.  Trying not to stare, nonetheless he could not but notice that she was an exotic looking beauty.  Appearing to be bored, she gazed about the place as if searching for a familiar face, as did her companion.
She had looked at him and looked away, and then had looked again and had actually smiled at him.  He could still recall the feeling of being singled out for even a smile from such a beauty, and couldn’t but hope that she would return some night soon without the man with the hook on his arm.  A nice looking young man of twenty years, he was lean and fit looking, with pale blonde hair and sharp hazel colored eyes, around five-foot ten inches tall, and maybe around one hundred sixty pounds.  Used to being lucky with the ladies and beyond friendly with three of the wenches at the place, he was a happy-go-lucky young man with a steady job in one of the busiest establishments in New York City.  If asked, he would have to say that life was good, war or no war.
As he ran up the long set of stairs to his flat, he had just reached his door when his peripheral vision caught movement on the stairs.  Alarmed he whirled and changed his stance to one of being ready to fight.  To his astonishment, the very same beautiful redhead he had seen at the tavern that night was coming up the steps, seeming to flow toward him like water.  On her face, he could just make out a mysterious smile and her emerald eyes almost had a glow about them.
Stopping some three steps below the landing she said “Why Oliver!  Look at your face!  You’d think that I was a monster instead of a woman.”
“I…  I didn’t mean to stare… ma’am.”
Coming up another step she replied “I don’t mind being ogled by a handsome fellow like you.  It pleases me, Oliver.”
“You… you’ll have to excuse me, ma’am.  I don’t know your name.”
“I’m Yvonne, Oliver and I have a very good reason for following you here tonight.”
Still he stood staring as she smiled gently in the moonlight, saying “”Aren’t you going to ask me to come in?”
“Oh… uhm… yes, yes.  Please excuse me…  Yvonne is it?”
She nodded as she seemingly glided up the last two steps to stand facing him.  He caught a faint scent of something akin to apple blossom as he continued to stare at her, seemingly in thrall.
Tipping her head a bit, she smiled again, quizzically as she raised her eyebrows.  Realizing he was expected to say something he stammered “I… you must excuse me, Yvonne.  I don’t know…  I’m not used to… what… uhm… won’t you please come in?”
“Why Oliver, I’d love to” she said as he turned and fumbled with the door lock.  Opening it he stood back and gestured to her as she said “I thought you might never get that door opened” as he followed her inside.  Closing the door he turned to her and said “What is it you want, Yvonne?”
She glided ever so near then, her eyes taking on an emerald glow as she said “You.”
***
Cosette sat at the exact table in the Waterfront Inn and Tavern that the note had specified and sipped a cup of coffee, seemingly idly staring out of the window looking onto a busy wharf.
She was aware of footsteps approaching from her rear and heard a chair at the next table dragged out and someone seating their self.
A barely audible voice spoke then “Good day, Cosette.  Please don’t turn around.  I’m Samuel Culper Jr. and I have a good report on you from Anna Strong.  I have something that needs to go to her soon, in Setauket.  Can you carry it there for me?”
“Yes Mr. Culper.  I know where to take it.”
“Very well.  You will be number 355 from now on.  Anna Strong is 355 also, as are all women employed in … ‘the service’.  In Setauket there’s a Samuel Culper Sr. who you’ll meet this time and in the future.  You do understand that these papers are not to fall into the hands of the British?”
“Yes.”
“Then we’re concluded.  Welcome and thank you for your service.  Wait until I leave and then take the package from the chair adjacent to yours.  Good day” he said as he rose and walked out of the door.

Chapter 66
Melissa’s imprinting had gone well being that she had become ambidextrous and had learned basic swordsmanship, marksmanship, and basic self-defense during that time.  Her tolerance to direct sunlight was no better than James, being around two to three minutes at most.  As soon as she had finished and was outfitted with the proper clothing and weaponry they were ready to leave.
The four of them had departed for Seneca country then in late May.  Ian carried a plow and the others had assorted gifts such as tobacco, knives, lamp oil, salt, a wide variety of seeds, and other sundries.  They had not hurried, or not so as far as vampires would do, but instead took enough time to see things along the way, going a different route since they had no livestock to worry about.
Arriving in the Seneca Village of Tall Elk, they received a warm and enthusiastic welcome from the people there.  Melissa had been given all of the instruction for speaking the Seneca tongue while imprinting so she was fully at home among them, and was a curiosity of sorts, being she had golden red hair, which none of the Seneca had ever seen before.
They stayed in Moon Owl’s cabin during rainy weather but stayed out most of the time.  The cabin had weathered well and needed little, but Ian and James replaced the leather hinges on the door with three iron ones and an iron latch.  They put strips of cured bear-hide around the doors and windows for weather-stripping and repaired some chinking that had fallen out from between the logs.
While there, they had taken a ten day excursion to see the great waterfalls at the land of the Niagara, which impressed Melissa to no end.
Ian had shown Snow Fawn how to connect and use the plow with the oxen and had helped break ground in a clear area near the river for a garden.  They all helped her to plant it and showed her how to use the hoe to chop out weeds, as well as when to thin the crops and even which ones would be good for storage during the winter months.  The garden was planted late, but dung from the horses and oxen were used to hasten its growth and the river was nearby for when it needed watering.
The chicken flock had grown to triple its size since Ian and Moon Owl had first brought them and they were producing around fourteen eggs a day which were a huge favorite of the people.  Snow Fawn had no end of help for caring for the flock and it appeared that she’d have a lot of help for the garden too, once the people realized that some of the food would be good for storing during the winter months.
The women of the community were a disciplined work force and the tribe depended on them for storage of food to last through the winters and upon the men to bring in meat for smoking and drying.  Ian had told Snow Fawn that the people should urinate often around the chicken coop to keep predators away.  They had only suffered two losses to hawks, so that strategy worked well for discouraging land predators such as raccoons and coyotes in spite of the casual way that the villagers contributed.  Shortly after they had arrived at the village two braves calmly walked up to the chicken pen and urinated while Melissa was feeding the chickens.  That very afternoon she related the incident to Ian and James.  James spoke up saying “Oh that’s just a religious exercise, Melissa.”
Ian chimed in then “Yes, they only do that around the time of the full moon.  They’ll quit in three days and won’t do it for three more weeks.”
She stood there dumfounded while the two looked calmly at her and at each other.  Moon Owl had overheard what was said though and immediately came over and scolded the two even as they doubled over in laughter when they saw the expression on Melissa’s face.  Afterward when their laughter had subsided James said “I’m sorry Melissa, but you should have seen the look on your face.  Besides that, it was all Ian’s doing anyway.”  Her mouth dropped open then and the two of them had another fit of laughter which finally grew to include all of them.
***
Ian and James dug and built a root cellar into the side of a bank and both Moon Owl and her mother were made to understand which crops would be stored there and how to do that successfully.
While they were there two Lacrosse matches were held with two other Seneca tribes.  Ian and James took turns playing goal and in both cases the opponents were held to no score.
The children of the village were entertained to no end watching the four vampires’ hand-fishing, simply grabbing fish from the water and tossing them onto the banks for the children to clean for cooking.  This was a thing done at least three times a week somewhere along the river the whole time they were there.
Melissa was surprised at how easily she adapted to fit into such a simple life style.  She and Moon Owl were together constantly chatting and laughing when the men weren’t around, and Snow Fawn had taken to Melissa as if she was her own flesh and blood.  The summer weeks were idyllic and full of rich experiences for all of them, but Melissa declined to feed the chickens forevermore after that first experience.
***
Andre crawled stealthily along the rough stucco exterior of a four story house in eastern Paris.  Pausing to listen at each window for sometimes twenty minutes he slowly worked his way up the wall of the house using the architectural features of the building as hand holds.  Louis worked the other side patiently in like manner, slowly and thoroughly for some two hours.  Celeste and Jennifer each worked their way up the ends of the house in like fashion.
Finished, they all met on the rooftop and Louis tested the access hatch.  It was locked from the inside so he pulled on the hatch until it snapped.  The four sat there for some ten minutes, each with a drawn sword and pistol ready in case they’d been heard.  Satisfied that they hadn’t been detected, Louis entered and descended silently to a door at the bottom of a steep narrow stairway.  It was unlocked and would open and close silently so he departed silently.  The four bounded down from the roof like four swiftly moving shadows and rocketed to a bushy area.  Jennifer and Andre stayed to watch the house as Louis and Celeste rocketed away to the south.
At the rendezvous point only a half mile away they met Li, Sophia, and Mustafa and conferred briefly.  Leaving Li and Sophia to watch that house, Celeste, Mustafa, and Louis rocketed away toward the hotel where the family awaited in the Laforge suite.  Bounding to the roof from the rear, they entered via a dormer facing the Champs Elysees.
Shortly they came to the parlor where the family was gathered.  The only ones not present were the two children and Liri who was with them.  Celeste spoke first saying “There are twenty three of them, and eighteen are males.”
Henri said “Do we know if Edwards or Moreau are among them?”
The three shook their heads.
Henri turned to Mustafa saying “Was anyone home at the place you went?”
“Not that we could tell.
“Might they be out recruiting more?”
“It’s possible; seems we won’t know until we go in.”  Looking at Louis and Celeste Henri saw them nodding their agreement.
“So we have to decide whether to clean out this bunch tonight and risk scaring off the others or maybe getting them all at once if we’re lucky.”
Robert Milliken then spoke “Mind if I make a suggestion?”
Henri shrugged and the others respectfully listened as he spoke “We’re all here and we have a very good chance of getting all of them.  Who knows if that many will be there the next time we assemble?”
Louis said “We have two watching each house now.  We can go to the place where we know they are and see if any left or joined them.”
“Should we keep someone to watch the empty house?” asked Celeste.
“It would be nice, but we have to have two of us here with the children.  With twenty three in that place, we need all of the help we can get” said Mustafa.
“Liri will stay behind with someone then?”
Margaret spoke then saying “Aimee and I will be with Liri.”
“Then we go now.”
Louis asked “Has everyone checked their weapons?”
Marie answered saying “We did all of that while you were gone.  We’re ready.”  The three young male Adepts who Robert had brought sat silent.  Of the three, only Steven had ever been on a raid with this group.  They were all listening with rapt attention, having only heard the legends of this clan and their raids.  Now this night they would become a part of that legend.  
The entire group had been given black fighting suits and black hoods.  Twin shoulder holsters were included as well as special belts with three holsters for pistols and a place for a saber or short sword.  Many opted to carry a short sword in a special sheath hung between their shoulder blades as well as a saber on their belts after seeing some of the Lafayette clan so outfitted.  The belts included adjustable suspenders to help support the weight of the weapons
Henri stood then and said “We’ll send Andre and Jennifer to go get Li and Sophia.  Li will lead us in and we’ll follow his lead.  Li, Mustafa, and Louis will go first.”  Nodding toward the three young Adepts he said “Our young friends there will be the second group being as they all know each other.  Robert, Andre, and I will be the third group and the ladies will form the last group, numbering four.  You four stay together as a unit and don’t get drawn away from each other no matter what.  Questions?”
No one said a thing but fourteen pairs of eyes glowed.  Henri said “Let’s do this.”
Fourteen shadows flitted silently from the dormer atop the hotel and soon were rocketing through the darkened alleyways of Paris toward their objective.
After Jennifer and Andre had brought Li and Sophia back they had a brief meeting.  No one had come or gone from either house.  Li went to every member and checked their harnesses and weapons, one by one.  Finishing that he said “We each have five loaded pistols, as well as swords, and knives.  There are sixteen of us and twenty three of them.  We know we’re coming now, they don’t.  What we do in the first moments will determine the outcome.  Don’t cock your pistols until we’re on top of them.  We don’t need anyone firing a warning shot accidentally.  Shoot for their brain to disable them.  When you have shot, drop your pistol and draw another.  The large dragon pistols are for close in use only.  Save them for that and go for their face or jam it into their mouth and fire.”
One of the young adepts from England spoke.  “What can we expect?”
“They’ve never seen anything like what’s going to come at them now, so over half of them will try to escape and not fight.  I know that we all wish Ian was with us, but as he would say ‘be of good courage and we’ll win this thing’.”
Turning to Marie and the others he said “You women don’t get drawn away from your group but stay together and fight as a unit.”  He then walked to each one and shook their hand, embracing each of the four women and kissing Sophia he turned to the others and said “Hoods on, everybody.  Let’s do this!”

Chapter 67
Priscilla sat with her head down, listening to Yvonne as she sat with her.  Putting an arm around Priscilla uncharacteristically, Yvonne drew her near for a moment and said “I know that you’re not interested in keeping company with the males among us, but I am asking you as my friend to help me here.”
Priscilla sighed deeply and then nodded, saying “I’ll help, but only until he imprints.  And I want nothing more to do with Bartholomew.”
“Thank you, Priscilla.  I don’t know what I’d do without you to help me with this bunch.  At times I think I shall lose my mind trying to keep us all safe and keeping the British Army from learning about us.”  She sighed and looked out at the sunny meadow visible from their location.  “I can’t couple with these new males what with Stefan being so jealous and all” she said.
Priscilla thought that is not stopping you from bedding Grundy.  Then she sighed again and said “All right Yvonne” as she laid her head on Yvonne’s shoulder submissively.
“Thank you, Priscilla.  I do appreciate all of your hard work here and looking for McCloud so diligently too.  Stay out as much as you please and just keep doing what you’re doing.  I will get three more females soon enough and then you can have your privacy all of the time if you like.”  She thought I want you to have a mate Priscilla.  That will bind you to my coven better than anything else could, and I picked Oliver just for you.
Priscilla pulled away then, looking toward Yvonne and smiling just a bit while saying “Thank you Yvonne” as she thought I’ll keep watching and learning from Cosette, Yvonne.  You can count on that!
She got up then and walked into the parlor where Oliver was sitting, talking to one of the new males.  He stopped as she approached and looked up, smiling as he said “Hello, Priscilla isn’t it?”
Nodding she reached out both hands to him, smiling very slightly.  He hesitated and then took her hands as she drew him to his feet and pulled him toward the stairway, leading him up the stairs.
***
Ian and James sat with the elders that evening and all smoked the pipe.  The aroma of the fresh tobacco that James had brought permeated the long house.  Moon Owl and Melissa sat immediately behind their husbands, places of honor for the women of the tribe.  The discussion centered on the neighboring Seneca village.  There was a dispute over hunting rights and rather than have a war, both sides had agreed to settle the dispute with a day-long Lacrosse match.
Ian knew that he and James would participate.  The four had agreed that Moon Owl’s abilities were to remain hidden.  That way the Seneca would think that the whites only could have the powers that the tribe associated with Ian and James.  Melissa was considered as one of the race of whites like Ian and James and no one in the tribe other than Snow Fawn knew that Moon Owl had been converted.  Ian wanted to avoid being asked to convert members of the tribe as an adopted son and the only way to avoid that was to plant the idea that they were born that way but could not produce offspring with anyone outside of their race.
The idea of vampirism spreading unchecked among the Native American Indian populations was frightening to Ian.  He felt genuine affection for the Seneca and thought the deception was best for all concerned.  Those of the village who noticed such things thought that Moon Owl had adopted Ian’s style of dressing and disregarded her wearing a wide-brimmed hat so much of the time.
As all of these things passed through Ian’s mind, he thought of his family in Scotland and then of his family in France.  He felt a pang of sorrow briefly in spite of the warm camaraderie he was enjoying, missing everyone there so much.  A montage of pictures passed through his mind then; pictures of wonderful days at the waterfall, swimming together, or making music in the evenings at the chateau and singing.  He thought I wonder what they’re all doing right now, tonight.
***
Li led the group down the narrow staircase from the roof hatch.  At the bottom of the staircase he whispered instructions sending squads of four apiece into each room on that floor.  Within minutes they had cleared the fourth floor and knew that none were up there.  Silently they descended to the third floor and repeated the process, and again at the second floor as well.  
Stopping everyone at the head of the rear staircase that led to the kitchen, Li whispered “They are either on the first floor or in the cellar.  There are bars on all of the first floor windows, and the cellar has no outside access other than a firewood chute.”  Turning to Steven he said “You three come down the front staircase as the rest of us go down this way.  If there are only a few up here, we might be able to take them with sabers.  Don’t let any get past you, and everyone remember, we need to have some survivors to question.”
The sound of singing was coming up the stairs to them faintly and Henri whispered “I think they are celebrating something in the cellar.  We may be in luck and catch most of them down there.”  He waved the three Adepts from England toward the head of the front staircase and waited until they were there before leading the others down.  They glided silently, sabers and swords drawn and reaching the bottom of the kitchen steps they split into three groups and cleared the two rooms other than the Parlor and Dining room.
Finally they regrouped and glided toward the front part of the house, leaving Henri, Andre, and Robert to guard the door to the cellar.  As they neared the parlor, they heard the sound of weeping.  Signing everyone to stop, Li only glided forward to peek around a corner into the parlor.  Sitting on a sofa in the large parlor was a young man and a young woman.  She was in his arms weeping as he tried to comfort her.  Li beckoned to the women to flank him and taking off his hood, he rapidly glided to within a few feet of the couple before they saw him.  Holding his saber high, he made a sign for them to remain silent as he stood over them.  The woman cowered and the man tried to protect her, leaning over her.
“Be silent or you’ll lose your heads now, understand?”
The two nodded, terrified as Li continued.  The three young Adepts came down the stairs and silently joined the group in the parlor, as did the four women.  Marie took off her hood and said “Are you vampires?”
The two looked at each other and the woman said “They bit us and we only woke up this morning.”  The man whispered “They took us only last night from the tavern where we worked.”
Li whispered “On your feet.  You’re going down there ahead of us.  Stay out of our way down there and you may live.  Give an alarm and you’ll be the first to die.  Understand?”
The two nodded, and the woman whispered “Who are all of you?”
In a flat voice, Li said “We’re the ones you were recruited to kill.” as his eyes glowed.
The woman’s eyes widened as she began to understand their forced abduction and she said “They have three people strung up down there now, feeding on them.  It … it is just awful!”
“Is there more than one stairway to the cellar?”
“No.”
“Get moving now” he said, jerking his head toward the kitchen as he replaced his hood.
The two timidly went to the cellar stairs, cringing at the sight of still more black-hooded figures gathered there.  Li came to the front and whispered “You two first.  Just act as if you decided to come down to feed.  Everyone, get in your ranks.  Here we go now” and he nodded to the two who opened the door to the cellar and started down.
The group was assailed by the smell of blood, the sound of singing and of a mandolin playing came to them clearly.  The steps were very long and took a hard right turn midway to the landing below.
At the bottom, Li gestured to the pair to go around the stairs and to get under them.  He turned to Marie and the other three women whispering “You four try to hold the stairs and keep them from getting past.”  The four nodded and he signaled the others to sheath their sabers and pulled two pistols, cocking them as the others did the same.  Gliding now in a crouch he moved rapidly toward the sound and rounding a turn, he was greeted by a horrific sight.
Two men and a child were strung up by their feet, and all three were bleeding into buckets as the vampires gathered around.  Some were singing to the music of the mandolin while others were on their knees patiently waiting for enough blood to accumulate to dip their cups in the buckets.
The mandolin stopped as many of the group gaped momentarily at the black-clad figures rapidly bounding their way.  Li fired his two pistols, shooting two of them through their head as his group began to open fire.  The vampires all rose up, screeching and roaring as pandemonium broke loose.  Li beheaded the two that were down as he flashed forward into the thick of them, his saber a blur as it took off the arm of a third one.  Kicking brutally, he drove one up and back to crash into a wall as he murderously slashed another one’s arm off at the elbow.  The screaming and roaring now had reached a deafening crescendo.  Mustafa had shot one in the head and decapitated him and was boring in on another male with his saber flashing as he shot yet a different one in the head with his second pistol.  Louis had shot one in the head and another in his neck and was about to behead his first target.  By now the three young Adepts were flanking them and had targets of their own, each of them shooting a vampire, but only one getting a clean head shot.  That one was quickly decapitated and the fight was on.
Pistols roared and the vampires at first shrank back from the assault in mortal fear, both at the very sight of them and by the ferocity of their attack.  In seconds though, they realized that they were going to die if they didn’t mount a counterattack.  Drawing what swords and knives they had, the group began to fight for their very lives.  By then, Henri, Robert, and Andre had reached the melee and had all selected targets.  Two of the three hit their opponents in the head and quickly had beheaded them as they pressed toward the mass of heaving, screaming, fighting vampires.
Two of the vampires made a rapid move to their right and rocketed around the main mass of the fighting, bounding for the staircase.  Celeste stepped forward a step and leveling her pistol shot the closest one in the face as Sophia shot the other one right between his eyes.  Marie and Jennifer lopped off their heads and kicked them to the side, retreating to close ranks with the other two and waiting for more to come their way, two of them with pistols drawn and cocked and the other two with sabers at the ready.
Louis had discharged all four of his pistols by now and there must have been nine vampires rolling, flailing and thrashing about on the floor.  By now the fighting was so intense and close that no one could get time to finish off the ones on the floor rolling about.  It was a scene of absolute mayhem, chaotic beyond belief.  The acrid-smelling gun smoke hung in the air, making it harder and harder to see in the heaving struggling mass of bodies.  Howls and curses mingled with screeches of rage and fear.
Sabers and swords dripped blood and the sound of pistols discharging lessened somewhat as the group kept using them.  Heads with mouths moving and eyes rolling were kicked from one place to another as the mass of fighting vampires with brightly glowing eyes moved rapidly about in combat.  Hands and arms were strewn about as well.  It was a living, thrashing, heaving, and ghoulish nightmare, beyond describing.
Realizing that Henri and Robert might be more vulnerable now that it was down to mostly swordplay, Li fought his way to their side and stayed in the center of the two.  He shouted “Robert, lop off the heads of those on the floor!  Hurry now!”  Positioning his self properly, Robert had the space and the precious seconds he needed to start beheading the ones rolling wildly about.  It took some two minutes before he had beheaded eight of the nine.
The last one recovered and bounded up in the blink of an eye and grabbed Louis’s dragon pistol, bounding for the stairs.  He discharged it at Jennifer, hitting her in the neck and knocking her flat on her back.  Marie bored in relentlessly, her blue-violet eyes blazing as she pulled her dragon pistol and shot the vampire point blank in his face.  He had no sooner hit the floor when Celeste lopped off his head, retreating to their formation.
Marie shouted “Cover me” as she dragged Jennifer around to where she was under the staircase with the two cowering vampires.  Tossing two flasks to them she shouted at the two, her eyes blazing “Give her this and take care of her or I’ll cut both of your heads off!” as she spun around in a blurring motion to rejoin their formation.
Li had found an excellent opponent and was busily engaged with his saber, parrying and slashing viciously but neither one could best the other.  Catching a glimpse of the stairs he saw that one of the women was missing.  Pulling his knife in a blur he threw it at his opponent, burying it in his neck to the hilt and following that with a murderous eye-blurring attack.  The distraction was just enough to tip the balance in Li’s favor as he delivered the death stroke to the vampire, lopping off his head.  In one bound he was with the women at the stair case and just got turned around when three of the females came screaming at the four, brandishing swords they’d picked up, trying to escape the hell they found themselves in.  Again Celeste calmly stepped forward and shot the leader between the eyes as Sophia got the second one.  Li lunged out and skewered the third one, snatching the saber from her hand as Marie beheaded the other two.
Spinning around still holding the woman up as if she was a piece of screaming meat on a spit he went to the two staying with Jennifer behind the stairs and shouted “Here, keep this one pinned to the floor or else” he shouted as he slammed her down on the floor.  He stomped down on the stomach of the female he had skewered and let the male vampire take the hilt of the saber.  “Keep her alive if you can!” he shouted as he bounded back to rejoin the three women at the staircase.  The skewered female screamed in rage, thrashing about violently as the one above her grimly kept his foot on her chest, bearing down on the saber, his eyes glowing.
“Henri, Robert!  Over here!  Over here” he shouted.  In minutes the two had fought their way to the stairs.
“Stay here together and don’t let anyone get away” he shouted as he bounded away into the melee once more.  Gun smoke was so thick that visibility was reduced to some ten feet.  There were now no pistols being discharged but there was determined fighting going on nonetheless as the survivors of the attack grimly fought for their lives.  The screeching and roaring had been replaced by cursing and grunting as steel rang out against steel.  They had formed themselves into a knot of five males and two females.  One of Robert’s young Adepts had lost his hand and was holding what was left of his arm as he lay against a wall.  Andre had suffered a seriously deep cut to his shoulder, and was fighting with his sword using both hands.  Louis, Mustafa, and Li all had numerous cuts, some of them deep.
They began then to bore in on the remainder relentlessly.  As one got close enough by lunging at Louis, he countered by pulling his dragon pistol and shooting that one point blank in the face, dropping him and leaving a momentary gap in their group.  Li leapt into it, kicking the nearest female with a snap kick to her face, breaking her neck and dropping her.  She thrashed wildly about on the floor in eye-blurring movements as Li had already turned on the nearest male and had lopped off his sword arm, following by a whirling follow-through in which he took off his head with a two-handed sabre stroke.
The two young adepts that Robert had brought bored in on one of the males, wounding him seriously in his left leg and the other decapitating him.  Suddenly one of the remaining males broke ranks and lunged out, decapitating Steven.  Andre cut him down using both hands, lopping off his head.  Mustafa bored in on the other two and had them and the remaining female backing up until they had nowhere to go.  He and Li bored in and finished off the last two males while Louis skewered the last female and pinned her to the floor, as she flailed and screamed.
The fighting had stopped finally.  Li shouted out “Who’s hurt?”
The Adept with the hand missing said “Over here.  I lost my hand!”
“Who else?  What about Jennifer?”
“Over here, Li.  I’m getting better.  See to Andre!”
Henri said “Quickly, the humans!  Cut them down now!”  Li and he ran to them only to find that all three were dead, so they cut them down and carried them off to one side.  Then Henri said “Robert and I are going outside to see if anyone heard this uproar.”  The two leapt to the top of the stairs in one bound, heading for the front door.
Mustafa came and got the woman who Alexander still had pinned to the floor with the saber.  He stabbed her and picked her up like a piece of squirming meat and hauled her back to a room for interrogation, closing the door after going in.
Li went around to everyone and quickly organized a hunt to find the hand that belonged to the young Adept who had come with Robert.  That would take some time even for a group of vampires, given the sheer number of body parts strewn about the cellar.  Louis took Steven’s head and held it to his body, calling for help.  Celeste came quickly and held the head while Louis held the body.
Mustafa found the hand belonging to the young English Adept and took it to him, holding it in place while the man took a flask and drained it, groaning in pain and starting on another while his hand began to knit itself back to his arm.
Marie looked over and saw the three human corpses stacked along the wall and shook her head sorrowfully.  She took over for the terrified woman under the staircase.  The woman had never left Jennifer, but had held her and kept the flask handy for her to drink.  She was mostly healed now and the lead balls were all lying on the front of her fighting suit, her body having expelled them already.  “You’re healing well, Jenny.  Well done tonight.”
Laughing, Jennifer said “Ouch!  Is it always this bad?”
“Well, it’s always this noisy and bloody.  Believe it or not though, after a few times you’ll get used to it.”
Jennifer laughed and then said “Ouch!  I can’t laugh too much yet, Marie.” 
Celeste said “How can anyone get used to this?”
Marie said “You did very well Celeste.  You were very cool under fire and hit your target every time.”
“I never dreamt of this sort of thing when I was target shooting all of those times.  It seems I just did it automatically, like I always practiced it.  But the noise and the speed that they came at us!  I just didn’t ever imagine it like this.”
Turning to the couple under the stairs, Marie said “You two did well.  No harm will come to you.  We’ll help you imprint near here.”
The woman rose and came to Marie, reaching out to take her hand she said “Oh thank you!  Thank you!  We’re grateful.”  Her husband came to her side, nodding agreement, eyes wide as he took in Marie’s fighting suit and weaponry.  “Do… do you do this often?”
“Only when we have to, like tonight.”
“I don’t understand.”
“We’ll tell you more later.  For now, both of you get busy.  Go upstairs and get bedding.  Bring it back here and gather up all heads and body parts.  This place has to be cleaned up before sunrise.  Shoo!  Hurry now!  Make yourselves useful before I change my mind!”  The two flashed to the foot of the stairs and leapt to the top of them like two puffs of windblown smoke.
Jennifer laughed again at the comic relief of the thing “Ouch!  Quit making me laugh, Marie.  It still hurts!”  Marie looked closely at Jennifer and said “You’ve been stabbed, in the stomach, Jenny.  That is why it hurts to laugh!”  Both laughed then as Jennifer again said “Oh!  Ouch Marie!  Quit that!”  Marie held her close then, laughing all the harder.
Li and Mustafa took another of the prisoners to a back room and began the grim and bloody job of interrogation while some of the others began to stack the bodies.
At the door upstairs, Henri turned to Robert pointing eastward “Go that way one block and you will find two of the King’s Gendarmes.  Thank them and tell them that Mr. Laforge says all went well and to depart after a half-hour.  Give them this package.”
Robert nodded and trotted off to the east as Henri went west.  Within one block he approached two figures standing in the intersection and said “Mr. Laforge says thank you and all went well.  He said to give you this.  You are to wait for a half-hour before leaving.”  He handed them the package which contained a goodly sum of money and turned away, returning to the house about the same time that Robert did.
Robert looked at him and said “Insurance?”
“Yes.”
Laughing he said “Henri, you think of everything.  Tonight went well.”
“It did.”
Downstairs Celeste said “It’s working, Louis!  His head is knitting itself back to his neck.  Look!”
Louis looked and said “Marie told me this could be done, but I’m having trouble believing it even now!  Celeste, you did so well tonight!”
“I was lucky.  Jennifer got shot in the neck.”
“You were more than lucky.  I saw you shoot one and you were very calm.”
Winking at him she said “I had several good teachers, handsome.  You were one of them.  Look!  It’s really growing back together now!”  She took a flask and tried to dribble a bit of blood into Steven’s mouth.
Upstairs Henri said “We lost one of your men I fear.”
“Yes.  Steven was a good one.  I’ve had him on bodyguard duty at our home since this started.  Margaret and I are going to miss him.”
“Well, we have two that need imprinting downstairs.  If you like, take the pair of them.  We will teach them English while we help them imprint and you can decide when you and Margaret go home to England whether or not to take them along.”
“That’s kind of you, Henri.”
Clapping Robert on the back he said “Nonsense.  What are friends for if not to help one another?  It is I who should thank you.”
“How many survived?”
“Three I think, two females maybe, or was it all three females?”
Shrugging Robert said “Do you think Moreau or Edwards was among these tonight?”
“I hope so.  We’ll know soon enough.”
“Ian would have approved of tonight’s work, would he not?”
“He would.  I wonder what he’s been up to tonight.”

Chapter 68
Esmeralda approached her father, King Charles with the letter.  “Papa, I have a letter for you.”
“Oh Esme, can’t you give it to someone else to read?”
“But Papa, it’s from Ian McCloud.”
“McCloud?  McCloud, yes the Scot.  Alandra’s husband; let me see it.”
He read it, and then he re-read it.
“What, Papa?”
“Ian thinks that we might be able to get Gibraltar back if we come into the war now and move to take Florida and Alabama back from the British.”
“Papa, they’re so busy with fighting the French and the Americans now, and they also have a war in India to fight too.  He might be right.”
Laughing, the king said “You occupy yourself too much with world affairs, Esme.  I wish you would think about marrying again.”
“Oh, Papa!  I want to be near you and help you.  You need me with Mama being dead and gone.”
“I do Esme.  I do.  You know, I was discussing this matter several times with my ministers and some of them think we should do what Ian suggests.  My Prime Minister, Redondo, is in favor of us formally entering the war.”
“Have you not been supplying them since it started anyway?”
Laughing he said “I can’t keep too many secrets from you.  We have been supplying the Americans with gunpowder through New Orleans since 1776.”
“I didn’t know that.”
“That’s because it’s been an official state secret.  We took Natchez, Baton Rouge and Mobile already and we’re going to take Pensacola soon.  I haven’t heard one to speak against it other than wondering about the cost.  My prosecutor, Chavez is very supportive of the idea.  There was a banker too, Roberto Rodriquez.  He thought the same thing I recall.  I saw him recently at a state dinner.  You know, the one where that American Ambassador, uhm, Lee is it?”
“Arthur Lee.”
“Yes.  He is always urging us to officially enter the war on the side of his people.  A move against the British in America might be a perfect distraction for us while we make ready to move on Gibraltar.”  He paced and looked out the window over the city of Madrid.  Nodding his head he turned to Esmeralda and said “I have been considering this ever since France declared war on England.  I’ve made up my mind.  We go to war against the British as soon as possible.  I must assemble the ministers now.  Summon a royal courier.  We’ll notify King Louis as well.  He has been after me to jump in to this thing for a year now.  It may be that I can bargain with him.”
“Bargain with Louis, Papa?”
“Yes.  I can convince him that if he’ll send help by sea for us to take Gibraltar back, Spain will enter the war.  If we only can regain Gibraltar, it will be worth it.  Ian and King Louis are both going to get their wish if Louis will pledge help with Gibraltar.”
***
The time spent in the land of the Seneca had been one of great enjoyment for all.  Melissa had discovered a whole new world living among the Seneca people, one that she could have never imagined.  The simplicity of their lives was appealing to her, yet she missed Boston too, having never lived anywhere else.
The big lacrosse tournament had been the most exciting thing of the whole summer.  Ian and James had alternated at playing goal and had prevented the Seneca braves from scoring even one single goal.  The match had ended up a lopsided victory for the Seneca of 9-0.  Tall Elks’ village had won the dispute over the hunting area between the two tribes, albeit not without bloodshed.
The game was violent at times as always, but the Seneca soon learned to give the two white men a lot of space after several encounters had left numerous of their braves bloodied or unconscious when they tried to overpower one of them.  And they couldn’t get the ball past either one no matter which one was the goal tender, nor could they intimidate either one either regardless of how much they tried to rough them up.  Their Sachem reluctantly congratulated Tall Elk on his team’s skill and they departed peacefully, battered and more respectful of Tall Elk’s people.
There was a great celebration that night at the village and it would soon be known throughout the Iroquois nations how Tall Elk’s braves had bested their neighbors, not even allowing a single goal to be scored.  This was a big event among the Iroquois of the Lake Erie region.  Moon Owl was ecstatic at how well her husband had done for her people.
In October, they packed up and departed for Boston.  They aimed to have a special tent made up for James and Melissa who were going to winter with them wherever Washington and the army wintered.  Before leaving, Ian and James worked with the women to add still more leaves to the attic space in the cabin.  They also laid up a good store of firewood for Snow Fawn to keep it warm.  Mothers with young children or ill people sometimes slept in the cabin in winter months.
The trip through the wilderness back to Boston was uneventful and owing to a steady pace, they did it in less than three days without pushing themselves.
Ian and Moon Owl separated from James and Melissa when they got to their house west of Boston.  Ian promised to cut twelve saplings for tent poles for James’ tent and to deliver them to their cottage the next day.  Moon Owl busied herself sweeping out the cobwebs and sweeping the floor of the house as Ian brought in firewood and began to heat two kettles of water for a hot bath.
Later the two relaxed in the piping hot tub and recalled the events of the summer, making love later that evening in front of the hearth.
The following day near noon they both went to town, bringing the twelve tent poles.  Leaving Moon Owl to visit with Melissa, Ian and James took the poles to the sail maker’s loft and placed the order for a tent like Ian’s.  They then went to the same blacksmith shop Ian had used and placed an order for a top ring for the tent poles and two cooking tripods.  The last stop was at the stove maker’s foundry where they bought the same size stove and smoke pipe that Ian had bought for his tent and had placed the order for the special top cap and flashing collar for the top piece just as Ian’s had been made.
They drove the wagon to Faneuil Hall then to read posts about the war and as they were reading James called to Ian “Come here, Ian.  Look at this.”
Ian came over from where he had been reading another post and there he saw that Spain had entered the war in June.  Looking at James he smiled brilliantly and clapped him on the back, laughing.  Just then, a familiar voice called “Ian, James; it’s good to see the two of you!”
Turning, the two saw Paul Revere making his way toward them with his hand outstretched, a big smile on his face.  Walking up to the two with another man he looked at Ian and said “John, allow me to introduce you to some friends of mine.  This is Ian McCloud and this is James Barrows.  Fellows, this is John Adams.  He worked on our Declaration of Independence with the others and has been busy in the Congress at Philadelphia.”  They shook hands then and Adams said “I remember you, Mr. McCloud.  You were the hunter who Washington wanted to keep for provisioning his men.  We were advised to secure you for a courier, but Washington prevailed on us to let him keep you.”
“You flatter me, Mr. Adams.  I’m only a game hunter and courier.  No one is shooting at me when I do that.”
Revere continued.  “Ian here sent a package of letters to France two years ago trying to get some help over there for Ben Franklin.  Then he sent letters to Spain last year, hoping to convince the King to come into the war.”
Adams’ eyes widened a bit and he said “Well it’s a pleasure to meet you sir; a pleasure indeed!  How is it that a hunter has such friends in France and Spain?”
“Ian and James are both bankers.  Ian was a senior officer in the Lafayette banking network in Europe before he came here.”
“Well, now that makes a lot more sense.  It looks like your letters may have done some good after all.  Have you heard about Spain?”
“Yes.  We’re just now reading about it.”
“I’d have loved to be a fly sitting on a wall in the palace when old Georgie heard about that!  Do you think he was upset very much?”
“I think his shorts were in a knot that day.”
Revere and Adams laughed with James and then James, using his version of a German accent said “Yah, yah!  I sink zat Georgie vass madder zen a vet hen, maybe madder zen ven his payroll ship vass robbed right here in Boston by zose Hessians.”
The other three threw back their heads and laughed uproariously, attracting no small amount of attention from others.  When they had calmed down a bit Revere wiped tears from his eyes as he said “Oh my!  I’m going to burst my bladder if I laugh that hard again.  James; please restrain yourself!”

Chapter 69
Easing out of her dormer window, Cosette carefully closed it.  Soon she was rocketing toward the East River where she didn’t hesitate, but swam it as fast as any porpoise and immediately upon coming ashore she rocketed away to the northeast.  Cosette ran on, unaware that she’d been followed by a petite figure, running flat out trying to stay within sight of her.  At the river, she would have fallen behind but for the boy’s clothing she had stolen from a clothesline earlier that day.  She had cached her dress and undergarments near the Millhouse home and had simply waited until she had seen Cosette leave via her dormer on the 2nd floor.
Now she swam furiously to keep up with Cosette, hoping she wouldn’t be seen.  Coming ashore near where Cosette had, she quickly ran up and down the shoreline looking for where Cosette had come out of the water.  Her sharp vampire eyes saw water drops and followed them to a dirt road that was the main road to follow the northern coast of Long Island.  Taking a guess she turned to the northeast and went that direction.
Rocketing along that road, she wondered if she could even catch up with Cosette at all.  Having nothing else to do and glad to be away from the coven, she decided that she would run until she would either find Cosette, or pass her.  She could always make her way back across country in the daylight, staying off of the road.  The worst that could happen would be that she would not find her and would return to the coven tomorrow to couple with Oliver and keep Yvonne happy.
As she ran, she had to admit that it had not gone badly with Oliver.  He hadn’t been obnoxious at all, nor was he rough or selfish.  Quite the opposite, he was gentle and considerate, unlike Bartholomew.  He desired to talk with her afterward and thanked her so much for helping him through his imprinting.  She wasn’t rude, but was non-responsive, being focused solely on getting to where she could leave the coven forever.  She had to admit that had she not been so prejudiced against coupling with anyone, she might have enjoyed it more with Oliver.
Now as she ran along the road toward Setauket, she thought that she’d try harder to be more than just civil to Oliver, being as he was easily the nicest one in the coven.  She wondered if he would want to leave with her when the time came, but dared not ask him.  Suspecting that he’d made love to Yvonne she figured that he was enamored with her as was Grundy.  She wouldn’t trust him with her plan for fear of it getting back to Yvonne and Grundy.  Her dread of Grundy was considerable so she went out of her way to be pleasant to him, knowing that would please Yvonne and make her own position in the coven more secure.  Things there were as good as could be expected, being as Yvonne now felt that she owed a favor to Priscilla.  She was now in a position where she could roam freely without worrying about being asked where she’d been.  Unlike the others, she was viewed as one not to cause trouble for the coven and enjoyed a degree of trust and freedom that the others didn’t enjoy.
She wondered what was taking Cosette so far upcountry this night, and who she might be seeing.  Could it be her mate?  After some forty minutes of running she simply turned aside into a densely wooded brushy area and sat down briefly.  She wasn’t going to find her this way, so she spent some time hunting and within twenty minutes she had caught and drained a rabbit.  After seeing that Yvonne used a small bowl and knife when she fed, Priscilla had taken the tin cup from its place at the well.  Noticing that Yvonne always took a small mouthful of something after drinking, she asked why.  Yvonne explained it and she even was kind enough to give Priscilla a generous share of dried apple blossoms.  Priscilla later added a knife and rucksack she’d stolen when prowling through homes evacuated during the battle of Brooklyn Heights.  Many members of the coven didn’t bother with such niceties and were always messy, with bloodstained clothing and stinking breath.  Yvonne restricted those to remain indoors in daylight hours under penalty of death for violating that order.  So far, she had maintained rigid discipline over the coven with the implied threat that anyone who crossed her would answer to not only her and Stefan, but Grundy as well.
She was sure that the coven could be managed far better than it was now, but up until then had dared not make a suggestion.  Pondering this she thought that now that she had some esteem in Yvonne’s eyes, she would suggest that the others be taught to use a knife and cup for feeding.  She would steal some shirts and blouses for the others to replace the blood-stained ones and present those when she offered her advice.  If she presented her idea at the right time the right way, she was certain to earn more respect from Yvonne which would earn her more trust and latitude regarding her comings and goings.
Deciding to wait until Cosette returned on this road, she resolved to bathe in the meantime and then just wait alongside of the road to see if she might return this way.  Then again, she might have not even come this way.  Shrugging her shoulders, Priscilla thought what else have I to do now that I’m a disgusting creature of the night?  I might just as well be doing nothing here as nothing with the coven.  At least here I have some privacy.
She found a small stream and stripped in seconds, jumping in and relishing the feeling of the water as she washed herself.
***
Knocking on the door of the darkened house, Cosette reflected on her new involvement as an espionage agent.  If Ian believes it is a good thing to help the Americans in their fight, then I’m going to do my part too.  I wonder if he ever thinks of me at all.  That would be too much to expect I suppose, being as he thinks I died over ten years ago.
About then she was aware of a person holding a candle moving through the darkened house.  A man opened the door a crack, holding a pistol pointed at her and saying “Keep your hands where I can see them.  What do you want?”
Are you Samuel Culper Sr.?”
“Who’s asking?”
“355”
“Come in.  I was expecting you no sooner than tomorrow.  If you don’t mind my saying so, those are men’s clothes you have on.”
Smiling sweetly she replied “I don’t mind at all Mr. Woodhull, I mean Mr. Culper.”
He laughed and took her package, saying “Would you like some hot tea or some food?  We have a room upstairs where you may rest if you like.”
Smiling again, Cosette said “Thank you Mr. Culper.  I must be going though.”
“But your horse must be tired.”
Cosette told him her prefabricated story then, saying “I have a string of three and I carry oats and water for them.  Two are always just trotting along behind me at all times.  I switch to another every two hours.  There’s a good place some twenty miles back where they’re tethered and can rest and get water while I sleep.  I need to be back in New York City this day if possible.”
“My word, that is… different.”
“I like riding at night if possible, and I do stay off of the road to avoid British pickets
“Very well then, if that’s what you want.”
“Tell Anna I said hello, Samuel” she said with a smile and turned, going down the steps into the darkness, vanishing outside of the tiny pool of candlelight.  Woodhull shook his head and sat down after lighting an oil lamp and read through the dispatches.  There were updated drawings about changes made in the cannon battery on the west side of Manhattan Island and how many ships had arrived and departed in the past ten days, as well as a note telling that there was a new carrier 355 to help bring intelligence from New York City to Setauket.
There was a second package inside that was sealed all by itself.  He knew that he was not to open it and it had a special destination too.  What he didn’t know was that it was a warning of an attempted attack on the French fleet near Providence, Rhode Island.  Without this warning, the British might well bottle up and capture the French fleet and the implications of that could be the surrender of all French land forces which now numbered well over five thousand.  And of course he couldn’t have guessed that a few years hence, the French fleet would surround General Cornwallis by sea as Washington would surround them on land and eventually bring about the end of the war in America.
All that he knew tonight was that he would get this package ready to hand off to Caleb Brewster or one of his men by telling Anna in which cove he would have his men.  She would arrange her wash on the line in a pre-arranged signal so that Caleb could know where he was waiting and go directly there.  From there, Caleb or one of his men would take the package across Long Island Sound to Connecticut where one of Washington’s dragoons waited to begin the relay necessary for the package to go to him.  The single most important message of the Revolutionary War up to that time would be sent across Long Island Sound this very day, unknown to those brave men and women who had helped to move it along.
Cosette rocketed away to the south, confident that she could make it back before daylight.  She had around five hours and it wouldn’t take two so she settled into an easy pace, not quite full out running.
As Priscilla sat in the darkness of the grove alongside of the road, she had attuned her hearing as best she could to its most sensitive and she was suddenly aware of someone rapidly approaching from the east.  Straining her keen vampire vision she saw Cosette rocketing toward her, passing her by before she could even get to her feet.  She bounded off in pursuit, rocketing after her as fast as she could possibly go.  In some minutes she had gotten to where she could just make her out around an eighth of a mile ahead and settled into a pace that would maintain that distance.
The miles slipped by in the pale light of a quarter moon and eventually they got to an area where the terrain was just a bit hilly and the road had several curves scattered throughout this area.  Priscilla lost sight of Cosette then, but kept the same pace certain that she would again see her when she got to where the road was straighter.
She finally emerged from the last of the curves and saw the road ahead empty and began to speed up for all she was worth to try to catch up.  Suddenly without warning she was hit from her right side violently and thrown down so hard that she rolled to an abrupt stop stunned to see a black silhouette standing over her, one foot on her chest, with gray eyes glowing and a sword pressed to her throat.
A calm voice said “Who are you and what do you want with me?”  The sword pressed in to where it began to hurt as Priscilla said “Please don’t kill me Cosette!  I’m Priscilla.”
The sword didn’t move and the blazing gray eyes didn’t waver nor blink as the silence built.  An owl hooted twice nearby and Priscilla heard the wind stirring gently in the pine trees alongside of the road.
“How is it you know my name, vampire?”
“I...  I follow you everywhere I can, Cosette.”
“Why?”
“I… want to be…  I want to be like you.  Please don’t kill me.”
“Why?”
“I was forced…  I was taken really… made to be this way.  I was taken by Yvonne and Stefan and made to be a vampire.”
“Go on.”
“I hate my life now.  It was bad enough before, barely living by washing clothes and sharing a room with four others.  Now I’m a disgusting thing skulking around at night, living on blood.”
“Go on.”
“I was without hope until I happened to see you.  I saw you jump up on that park bench that day at Central Commons and I knew…  I knew that you were a vampire too.  But you were different than those of the coven.  You walk about in daylight and you have human friends.  You love people, Cosette.  “I…  I…”  She began to cry then.
“Control yourself, vampire, lest I lose my patience.”
“I saw you at the gala, dancing with those young boys and with the men.  I saw you with your human friends.  I saw you with Stuart… oh he is so handsome!  You were laughing…  You were…  You are a princess and I wanted to be like you and not like I am.  I’m so miserable and lonely.  I have a wretched life!”  Here she broke down and lay sobbing her heart out at Cosette’s feet.
Removing her foot from Priscilla’s chest then, Cosette sheathed her sword and reached down to take her hand.  “Stand up, Priscilla.  I’m not going to kill you, unless you’re lying to me.  If you’re lying, I’ll gut you like a fish and stake you out in the sunlight!  Do you understand?”
Sniffling now, Priscilla nodded, staring wide-eyed at Cosette, noticing that her unique eyes were no longer glowing.
“How big is that coven of yours?”
“We had eight including Yvonne and Stefan, uhmm… but now we number twelve including me.”
“How many males?”
“Seven, including a former British officer.”
“British officer?  Who?”
 “Grundy…  Harold Grundy.”
“I know that name.”
“He hates McCloud.  I think he’s the most dangerous one.  He scares me.  Yvonne wants revenge against Ian McCloud for hurting her and she’s built this coven for that purpose.”
 Cosette remained silent, digesting this.  No need to tell her what I already know.  I don’t know that I can trust her anyway, but I can use her to spy on the coven. 
“Where do all of you stay?”
“We have a farmhouse on Long Island, northeast of Brooklyn Heights.”
“Does one of you own it?”
“No.  Yvonne leases it for us.”
“She has a what, financier, or a sponsor?”
“I don’t know.  She has a bank account in New York City and she makes monthly payments on the lease.”
Cosette remained silent as she pondered this new information.  She is being bankrolled from Europe, London likely.  This goes back to the night the Francoise mansion burnt down no doubt.  Ian must have injured Yvonne there, and I know what I did to Stefan.  I was missing for so many years that there could be newer enemies too.  Maybe they’re working together.  No need to share that with Priscilla though.
“Come along.”
“I…  I can come with you?”
“We’re going back to New York City.  I can’t stay gone.  We’ll talk more when we get there.  Let’s go” she said as she bounded away to the southwest, Priscilla happily following her.

Chapter 70
Moreau looked all about the big house in Paris.  When he’d left to start the coven in Marseille, he had left one vampire in charge of the other twenty two.  Now the place was empty, with the blankets and sheets all gone.  The cellar was orderly enough, but there were tell-tale signs of a real battle fought down there.  Every support post for the house had fresh nicks and chunks missing, and the earthen floor smelled of spilled blood.  The other house where he’d stayed with Edwards for a while hadn’t been touched.
He sat down on the bottom step, thinking about all that he’d seen.  My God!  They found us out and hit this place while I was in Marseille!  Had I been here, I’d be dead no doubt.  There were seventeen males among this bunch and they have vanished without a trace.  We were so careful!  I never dreamt that they were on to us.  For all that I could tell this Henri looked to be human, no matter when I saw him.  We have seriously underestimated this group.  How big are they?  Fifty perhaps?  More?  And how well connected to have us without tipping their hand!  And to kill twenty three vampires in the middle of Paris and no one even hears it!  My God!  Does he control the Gendarmes too?
He sat morosely turning it over in his mind.  Then he had a thought that lifted his spirit.  Maybe there was a squabble among the coven and they mostly killed each other.  Maybe only a few survived and have left to go their way.  That has to be it.  No one; no group is this good.  I could go to the Marquis de Sade, but what would I tell him?  My coven fell apart while I was gone and to please give me some money?  I’ll have to go back to London and tell Edwards what happened.  He’s my banker on this thing and he wants revenge too.  I’ll tell him that they fought among themselves while I was gone.  I wonder if the coven in Marseille will do the same or will they be there when I return?  Surely they will be all right for a while.  This is just bad luck and nothing more.
***
Robert Milliken and Margaret both sat in the parlor of the Laforge Suite, listening raptly to Celeste.  “I simply took Steven’s head and held it to his body until it began to knit itself back.  Louis helped me.”
“It’s a miracle.  Robert thought we’d lost Steven forever” said Margaret.
“I’ll say.  We’d agreed that maybe Alexander and Simone would come back with us to England.  It seemed that even though his head had reattached itself he’d never be right.”
Marie said “Who among us has ever seen a head reattach itself?  We ourselves don’t know what to expect.  All we’ve heard are rumors of such things.”
“That’s how it was with Cosette, Marie.  Even you and Henri had only heard rumors about us being able to hibernate and they turned out to be true” said Liri.
“ Well it’s a miracle anyway as far as I am concerned and he seems fine.”
“Are you two still going back to London tomorrow then?”
“Yes.  I have a bank to run and even though it’s more fun to kill rogue vampires, banking pays better.”  Margaret laughed hardest saying “You didn’t have so much fun the last time you did that as I recall and neither did I.”
“Well it’s better when we don’t get a hand chopped off or stabbed for sure!”  Margaret laughed again, leaning over to kiss Robert and putting her head on his shoulder.  He went on then, saying “Besides that, there could be dispatches from America waiting.  We’d best be going back, unless you need us for the other coven?”
“No.  It’s in Marseille and now numbers twelve.  We have people watching it.”
Shaking his head while laughing Robert said “You have one fine organization over here, Henri.  I think that I could use some instruction along those lines.”
“Well, I have some well-paid human helpers and they’ve done well so far.”  And we have Celeste with her powers, but we won’t be telling anyone about that.
Celeste sat there with Celine in her arms, and she reached up her little hands to place them on Celeste’s cheeks.  Celeste thought and I have little Celine here who helped me straighten out Steven’s mind and his nerves, but we’ll say nothing about that tonight will we baby?
Into her mind came Celine’s clear answer.  No…Mama and Celine have a secret.

Chapter 71
Ian, James, Moon Owl, and Melissa set out in November toward the south.  They had bought a new wagon and had the makings of James’ new tent and its furnishings packed away and were pulling it with a yoke of oxen.  Melissa and Moon Owl drove the team mostly while Ian and James were on foot.  They traveled easily along, not hurrying nor even knowing where the Continental Army would be for sure.  As they arrived at the junction of the Mohawk and Hudson rivers they encountered people traveling northward up the Hudson River Valley that had news of a massacre in the town of Tappan, New York.  Rumor was that Hessians had murdered some thirty American soldiers with bayonets after they had surrendered.  They also heard that the Continental Army had tried and failed to take back Savannah, Georgia.  There had been some protracted battles but no major or decisive actions had happened during the summer.  The British fleet was stretched to the breaking point now though as rumors of Spain threatening to take Florida had traveled northward.  Rumors were that a large part of the British fleet at New York harbor were about to be sent to see to that or maybe had departed already.
They stayed well away from New York City and the Hudson Valley in that area, skirting it to the west and taking longer, but not encountering any redcoats.  Three times they encountered local militia units who were friendly after learning their plans.
By the time they reached New Jersey they got news from other travelers that Washington’s army was going to winter near Morristown.  It was already quite cold for late November and the four of them quickly got James and Melissa’s new tent set up and working.  They even laid in a store of stove wood before the two men went south on foot to bring the other tent from Valley Forge.
In only a day the two had gotten there and had packed the tent, stove, pipes, bed, and tub into the wagon.  Ian had left all at a farm and the farmer had used the oxen to plow his fields that spring.  They elected to pull out the following morning and spent four days getting back to Morristown.  They arrived to find that the women had things well in hand and had been furnishing the army with lots of small game already.  Ian and James emptied the wagon and then Ian took the team and wagon to a farm nearby and made a deal with the family to keep both teams, both wagons,  and use them next year for plowing and hauling if they could store their tents and gear there for the summer.
It was a moonless night so when they returned they erected the tent in under an hour, all four working on it at vampire speed.  By nine o’clock that night, both tents were cozy warm inside and the four of them gathered in James and Melissa’s new tent.  Ian got out the violin and played several songs that he knew and then passed it to James who played two more that he knew.  A sentry returning from his post at midnight came and called out to the four.  James opened the inner flap and invited the young man inside.  There was some rabbit stew staying hot on top of the stove in a smaller pot and the man gratefully wolfed it down and took his boots off to warm his feet for a while.  He departed in about a half hour, thanking them again for the food.
The next day the hunter and guide Darren Roberts came looking for Ian and was surprised to find that James was with him.  The men introduced Roberts to their wives and they visited awhile.  Roberts said how he thought that the winter might be even worse than the previous year, and agreed to tell Washington’s adjutant that Ian was here again this winter with another hunter.  Ian had him promise to let them know that since there were two of them, he could be available for courier duty should they need him.
After Roberts departed, all four set out to get small game.  Some four miles west of camp they fanned out and between the four of them they caught fifty-seven rabbits.  By early afternoon, they had those gutted and hanging on a game rack made from saplings and the women had a large stew cooking.  Moon Owl had been teaching Melissa what roots were edible and where to find them and some of that was added to the stew along with salt and pepper that they had brought from Boston.  They had a barrel of turnips, another one full of carrots and a third one full of apples that they had brought with their tent, stove, and trappings.
Some of the pickets began to stop by as they had the previous winter to get a meal on the way in from guard duty.  They all settled in for a long winter, in good spirits.  The women were together all of the time when James and Ian went hunting after dark.  Much of the work to do with the game took place at night and often there would be a wagon from camp that would come out at midday to take the carcasses of whatever they had back into camp for cooking.
It turned bitterly cold in early December and stayed that way without any let up in the sub-freezing temperatures.  They heard of cases of frostbite becoming all too common and were determined to keep game in supply for the army as best they could.  Typically Ian and James would depart an hour after dark with only a pistol, shot, and powder plus their hunting knives.  They ran out of deer in late January and if not for rabbits and squirrels and coons, they wouldn’t have had much to offer by then.  The two began to kill bears that were hibernating then, and suddenly their game rack had bear carcasses on it every day for all of January and February.
Darren had come once, desiring to hunt with them but the two talked him out of it, saying how far they had to go now and that they only were getting bear as far as anything sizable.  They encouraged him to keep hunting to the south and west and that the two of them would stay to the north.  Moon Owl showed him how to make a snare and he determined to get a quantity of rawhide and set snares in his area.
The women would range out sometimes fifteen miles to get squirrels, rabbits, and an occasional raccoon.  Between them and the men, they kept game on the rack for the camp cook to pick up every day.  To get the squirrels, they simply leaped into the trees and swarmed up to where they were and snatched them.  As they jumped back down, they would simply break their necks and go looking for more in other trees.  The rabbits had to be run down unless they were in a den.  Nothing edible was off limits as the winter wore on.  Ian and James began to run red wolves down and coyotes too.  It was no strange thing to find four or five wolves on the rack along with a few coyotes and some coons or from time to time a black bear.  Venison still was preferred but there was not much of that to be had any longer.
The camp cook shook his head in amazement at the varieties of game he would find on their rack.  Stories spread all over the camp about the two hunters and their wives living in tents and all of the game they were providing.  There was more than one man who remarked that all four of them wore dark glasses when talking about the foursome.  Washington himself said “I care not if they wear tail feathers so long as they keep bringing in meat like they do.”
The winter wore on, but the women were not really having a bad time of it at all.  They were busy getting small game when they could get far enough from camp to catch it and they had each other for company and had become especially close, like two sisters.  Being vampires they weren’t adversely affected by the weather and they had enough to do that the days flew by in spite of the record-setting cold weather.  Ian and James had cut long boughs of various evergreen trees and had stacked them vertically around the whole perimeter of both tents excepting at the entrance flaps themselves.  They had secured it with strips of uncured hides so that it couldn’t blow away and after enough snow fell on them, the tents had an additional layer of insulation around eight inches thick, nearly all the way to the top.  That served to cut down on their consumption of wood for the stoves.  Not long after that, soldiers began to do some of the tents in the camp that way and the practice spread.
There was no end of sentries stopping in to get a bowl of hot stew, a rabbit carcass or a squirrel carcass to take back to camp.  One of their tents was always available for the men to stop and warm up whether going or coming from picket duty.  They had devised a signal as to which tent was not open for a guest by hanging a large red blanket over the entrance flap.  It was known to all that the tent with the red blanket over the flap was always off limits.
The north perimeter was by far the favored place for pickets and one of Washington’s aides, Colonel Alexander Hamilton, had to make a schedule early on to rotate the troops so that all of them got to have picket duty on the north side.  Everyone agreed that it was the worst winter that anyone could ever recall, but in late April it began to thaw finally and by late May, the four had packed their tents and stored them and all their accessories at the barn of a local farmer.  He was reminded that he had free use of the four oxen and the two wagons until they were needed the next winter.
After notifying Darren Roberts and one of Washington’s adjutants, the four prepared to set off to the north that night with only their ruck sacks, contents, and weapons.  Before they could leave the camp site however, they were approached by a familiar looking man in a heavy springtime coat.
“Ian McCloud?”
“That’s me, sir” said Ian, extending his hand.
“Benjamin Tallmadge, Mr. McCloud.  You saved my life.”
Ian turned to the other three and made introductions.  Then he said “You were alone when I found you, Mr. Tallmadge.”
“Yes, I managed to get clear of the ambush, but I was thrown when I was knocked from my saddle by a branch.  I don’t recall much until we were in a tent in camp.  I wanted to thank you in person, sir.”
“I appreciate that, Mr. Tallmadge, but no thanks are necessary.  Do you know who ambushed you?”
“Delaware Indians we think.  Please call me Ben, Mr. McCloud.”
“I will if you’ll call me Ian.”
“Very well, Ian.  May we talk privately somewhere?”
Ian gestured to Tallmadge and the two walked some little distance away from the other three.  “Ian I wanted to ask you if you’d carry special information packets for us.  They are reports our agents have made or instructions from headquarters.”
“You want me to be a spy courier then?”
“Well, yes.  It’s dangerous and you could be caught and hanged.”
“I’d do it, but I’m headed for Boston and then for Seneca country.”
“Is there a way we can reach you if we need you for a special mission then?”
“Yes.  You can tell James Barrows in Boston.  He and I know Paul Revere, the silversmith and we also know some others up there, mmm…  John Hancock, Sam Adams, John Adams and a few more.  Barrows can find me if I’m around Boston, and he usually knows where I am.”
“Those other three men are usually tied up in the legislature, but Hancock is governor now.  Very well Ian.”
“Ben, you might consider James.  He is easily as good a candidate for this sort of thing as I am and he is more likely to be in Boston than I am.”
“You recommend him then?”
“I do, Ben” he said as he beckoned to James.  After James had joined them, Ian introduced the two and explained the situation to him and he agreed to help too.
“Gentlemen, we don’t use names in this operation.  We only use numbers.  James will be number 706 and you will be number 707 Ian.”
The two nodded and Tallmadge continued by saying “If you’re approached and the person doesn’t know that number, don’t participate in whatever they’re talking about.  Your contact will know your number and at that time you’ll be given his number.”
The two nodded and James said “We’ll help you, Mr. Tallmadge, but we’ve been gone for so long from New York that I fear we’d arouse suspicion this late in the war should we return now.”
“James is right, Ben.  We may carry messages in and out of there, but we would be a poor choice for gathering intelligence.”
“Agreed.  We have enough people doing that now.  It’s in the courier department that we need help.”
“You may call on us sir.”
“Thank you both.  It was nice to finally meet you, Ian; you too James.  Good day and good luck traveling.”
The two nodded as Ian said “Good day to you, Ben.”  After the man had gone away, the two rejoined the women and Melissa asked James “What was that about?”
Ian looked at the two and said “It seems James and I are now spies, and you two are accomplices.”

Chapter 72
 “You’re dropping your guard every time you move laterally, Priscilla.  Let’s try it again” said Cosette as she thrust forward with her wooden sword.  “That’s better.  Again now” she said as again she moved forward.  “Very good.”  She repeated the sequence at a faster and faster speed until Priscilla had mastered the technique of preserving her guard while moving, and finally being satisfied of that, she said “That’s enough for today.”
“Thank you, Cosette.  I can’t tell you how much this means to me, I mean you’re taking time to teach me and all.  I’ve learned so much from you these past months.”
“You’re a good student, Priscilla.  Attitude is as important as strength or size.  I want to teach you more about Chi-Na techniques the next time.  They’re especially valuable for those who are small.”
“Oh, thank you!  Am I doing well then?”
“Yes.  I’m pleased with your progress.  What’s new in the coven?”
Priscilla noticed that now Cosette referred to it as ‘the coven’ instead of ‘your coven’ as she had in the beginning.  She brightened a bit and said “Oh, yes; we have two new members and I suspect we may move to Manhattan.”
“Oh?”
“Yes.  These two are wealthy Tory loyalists about thirty years old, and they have a fine home on some twelve acres.  I’m certain that Yvonne intends to force them to accommodate us.  They have a large tenant house out beyond their barn and outbuildings that adjoin the woods in that area.  It’s perfect really.”
Cosette furrowed her brow in thought then, looking off to the horizon.  Priscilla watched her closely, studying her.  She practically idolized Cosette and for her part, Cosette had really grown to like Priscilla and had learned to appreciate her finer qualities.  While the two had spent time with one another clandestinely for three months, she had gradually come out of her shell and was truly a vibrant young woman, with a lively sense of humor and a wonderful attitude toward learning.
Cosette was considering asking her if she’d like to accompany them back to France after the banks had been established.  She had no doubt that Priscilla would fit in well with the family, in spite of the poor mentoring she had while imprinting.
“Maybe we could take a carriage ride and see that place today.  Would you like that, Priscilla?”
“Oh my, yes!  I can’t recall if I’ve ever ridden in a carriage.”
“We’ll wait until later in the day and go with the shades drawn.  I have to be sure that you’re not seen with me.  How did your suggestion go regarding teaching them how to feed without being messy?”
“Oh my, Cosette!  I forgot to tell you!  It went so well!  I presented those old shirts and blouses you gave me and the cups and paring knives too when I suggested it one day.  I told them that I stole everything to help the coven.  There were a couple of them who took issue with me, but Yvonne was truly impressed when I said that they might be able to go out and help me look for Ian McCloud if they didn’t look like ghouls.”
Cosette threw back her head and laughed, pulling Priscilla close and hugging her.  “I would have loved to have seen their faces right then, Prissy!”
Priscilla laughed then, flushed with joy.  She loved it when Cosette used her pet nickname.  “Oh, I’m to be put in charge of the tenant house when we move.  I’m sure that Yvonne and Stefan will move into the main house in a guest room, and Yvonne will want to designate someone to be in charge.”
“What about Grundy?”
“I would guess that he’ll end up in the main house with Yvonne and Stefan.  Even if not, I think she’ll still want me to be in charge because Grundy doesn’t seem to be interested in things like housekeeping and helping the coven.  I’d never tell him to do anything though.  He scares me.”
“Just keep buttering him up, Prissy.  He likes it whether or not he shows it.”
“How do you know that?”
“He has an inflated opinion of himself.  As long as you’re respectful, committed to finding Ian, and don’t embarrass him in front of anyone he’ll be an ally in the coven.  Trust me on this.”
“I will.  How did you become so… so wise?”
Laughing as they packed away their equipment, Cosette said “I was mentored by the wisest most knowledgeable woman I ever knew.  She taught me everything.”
“That’s Marie?”
“Yes.”  Turning to her, Cosette fixed her eyes on Priscilla’s and said “If our banking efforts here don’t interfere with it, how would you like to return to France with us one day, Prissy?”
Breaking into a radiant smile, Priscilla threw her hands to her cheeks and said “Really Cosette?  Please don’t tease me now!”
Cosette reached out taking both of Priscilla’s hands, and smiling sweetly she said “I think you’d make a wonderful addition to our family.  They’d all love you.  Just think about it.  This war can’t last forever, and we’ll return to Europe for a while at some time.”
“Oh I don’t have to think about it!  The answer is yes, yes, yes” she said with a giddy laugh.  “But what did you mean about your banking efforts interfering with me traveling with you?”
“Well, Prissy, you’ll be working in a position of management in our bank in New York City and we may need you to stay at that post when we leave.”
“Oh my!  Me?  Working in a bank?  I…I do not know a thing about that, Cosette.”
“No matter.  You’re trustworthy and that’s what is most important.  Remember that we vampires learn fast, and Ian will teach you what you need to know.  All of this is years away anyhow, so it’s not a concern now.”
“I’ll do whatever you say.  I want to fit in and be a part of the family."
“I want you to work really hard now to help Yvonne and the next time we meet, we’ll take an excursion to New Jersey.  We’ll dine over there where we’re not likely to be recognized.  I’ll instruct you on proper table manners and other things.  I see that you feed daily.  Did Yvonne have you do a blood fast at all?”
“No.  What’s a blood fast?”
Cosette explained it to her.
“That would be a good thing.  I get edgy, restless when I need to feed.  I’d like for that not to happen.”
“We’re going to work on that to see if we can help you.  It has another important benefit too.”
“What?”
“There is pain that accompanies the blood fast, being as it’s done in the last week of imprinting.  Our bodies are still changing and we deny ourselves blood then.  That increases the imprinting pains a lot, and because of that, we develop a great tolerance to pain.”
“What benefit is that?”
“In fighting we’re not nearly as distracted by really serious wounds.  That can make the difference between life and death.”
She nodded, looking admiringly into Cosette’s eyes as she finished packing her ruck sack.  Cosette had given her a copper flask, a carved ivory tooth brush, a packet of dried apple blossoms and lilac blossoms, and a copper bowl.  She was told to say that she’d stolen it all from a rich Tory family if asked.
Reaching out to take Cosette’s hand she said “Thank you again for everything.  I was an only child, and you’re like a sister to me.”
“You’re welcome, Prissy.  Do be careful now when you’re coming to meet me.  Never forget to always double back several times to be sure you’re not followed, just as I showed you from the beginning.  Never omit that precaution.  We’ll meet here in two days in the early morning time, say around seven o’clock.”
The two embraced and separated then, Priscilla bounding away to the north through the dense woodland as Cosette did a wide high speed circle to be sure no one had crept up on them, searching diligently as she sometimes stopped and just listened for periods of time.  Satisfied, she headed for the Millhouse home.
***
Claude Rousseau, chief of the King’s Gendarmes looked through the report again once more.  Satisfied, he put it in his out box to be filed, after entering the case number in a private ledger along with a code of his own making to help him better recall the thing should he ever need to look it up again.  He finally had been able to pull ten of the twelve men off of the Paris detail of this thing he was doing for the Laforges.  That left only the six men assigned to watch that group in Marseille.  The two remaining on it in Paris had only to watch one Arnaud Moreau and keep track of his contacts.  He had recently been handed off to the Constabulary of London being as he’d gone there not long ago.  Rousseau shook his head, chuckling at the very thought of co-operative work with the Constable’s office of London.
While recalling the size of the operation, he sat back and packed his pipe full of fragrant tobacco, a gift of the Laforges.  It was an exotic blend; one which couldn’t be bought anywhere but in Turkistan.  He paced back and forth in his office, pondering the events of the case, and was glad that it had gone to the satisfaction of the Laforges.  That their own people had come in and taken over at the last didn’t bother him in the least as he’d been warned several time of how dangerous the subjects were.  Still he was glad that there was now only the group in Marseille to watch.
He was more relaxed now that France had entered the war on the side of the Americans as the Laforges had wanted and especially now that the big gang in Paris was gone.  He had no doubt but what they were all dead, and cared not a whit either.  It was a great relief for the thing to be tidied up and taken away by the Laforges without his further involvement.  The case was given a cover story of a smuggling ring that had escaped before being arrested and that was how the thing would be recorded forever.  He’d received two bonuses, one after France entered the war, and one after the Laforges took over the case of the Paris gang.
It has been a profitable and beneficial relationship, serving the Laforges he thought.  I’ve done well for myself and I think I’ve done well for France as well.  Life is good.  

Chapter 73
 “The entire bunch was simply gone when you returned from Marseille?  That’s incredible!  Don’t you think Henri Lafayette had something to do with this?”
“How?  He was never even aware we were watching him.”
“Oh?  Did you ever once find his family?”
“He has a wife who is supposed to be involved in charities and who mostly stays in Marseille.  She was not at their home, and I know that for sure.  The place was checked several times.  They have no children, and after all, he is French, is he not?  Likely he has a tart or two stashed away for sport when he desires it.”
“Do you know that for a fact?”
“We didn’t find proof of infidelity, or of another woman; and he has a sterling reputation, even being welcome in the court of King Louis himself.  This thing baffles me, but no one’s that moral or that smart.  I’m convinced that there was a feud within the coven; maybe a falling out and a big fight.  It could have even started over a female.  Likely the winners left rather than face me and admit what had happened.  Lafayette just got lucky is all that happened.”
“And we just got what, ‘unlucky’?”
“Do you have any ideas?”
Shaking his head, Edwards paced back and forth in his study.  Stopping, he turned to Moreau and said “Let’s build up the coven in Marseille and take him when he goes home.  We’ll watch the place to see when he returns.  Look at the time and money we put into that debacle in Paris.  To hell with starting that all over again!  I say put all of our efforts into getting him in Marseille.  You’re sure that this Henri is the same one you saw at Vienna?”
“Yes.  He’s the one no doubt.  Can he really be that good and that well connected?”
“I’m going to have to agree with you.  No one can make twenty three vampires vanish the way they did.  It has to be as you said.  I’ll finance this further and you can have the funds today.  We’ll get our man in Marseille for certain.  You’ll stay with your coven then and keep them together this time?”
“I will” said Moreau as his eyes glowed like topaz.  What’s happening in America regarding McCloud?”
“We have a coven there now numbering twelve.  They’re undetected and will kill McCloud when he returns to his bank.  We have his human brother under surveillance.  I expect good things from my people over there.  Yvonne and Stefan Devrie are both highly motivated.  They’ll finish this thing, you can be sure.”  Pouring goat’s blood from a decanter into two goblets he handed one to Moreau and raising his he said “Death to the Lafayettes and to Ian McCloud” as they clinked their goblets together and drank, eyes glowing.
***
“Yvonne, Bartholomew took something from me.”
Fastening her green eyes on Priscilla Yvonne sighed and said “What is it, Priscilla?”
“He took my tooth brush.”
“Tooth brush?”
“Yes.  I stole it from some rich Tories when they were gone to church.  I got a copper flask and bowl too.  He can steal his own stuff.  Why should I be stolen from because I’m small and weak?  I try to help everybody here and still that ingrate steals from me because he’s big and strong.”
Visibly angering now, Yvonne got up and went to find Bartholomew.  In minutes she reappeared, now in a rage and flew out the door, rocketing to the barn and returning moments later with Grundy.  The two went upstairs without a word to anyone and there was a crashing sound then that all downstairs could hear.  Shortly Yvonne appeared with a smug look on her face and leaped to the bottom of the steps, handing Priscilla the tooth brush.
“Here; Bartholomew changed his mind.  This is really nice.  I wish you’d found two of them” she said with a smile.
Grundy appeared at the top of the stairs, looking grim and leaped down in one bound.  He rocketed back out the door to the barn where he resumed sharpening his sword.
Yvonne spoke up then saying “We move to the Stedman property this week.  I want no incidents like this to happen again.  If one of you steals something from another, I’ll have Grundy kill you.  You’ll be on your best behavior and you won’t steal anything from them nor touch any of the livestock on their property either.  Bartholomew, get yourself down here now!”
Bartholomew jumped down to the landing, holding his shirt sleeve to a cut on his jaw and wiping a bloody nose, staring daggers at Priscilla.  She shrank away and Yvonne slapped Bartholomew soundly, rocking his head to one side.  “Don’t you even look at Priscilla like that you lummox!  She’s done more for this coven in one day than you have since I brought you over.  She’ll be in charge of the tenant house at the Stedman’s.  What she says, you do or you’ll answer to me, Stefan, or Grundy.”  She looked around the room, hands on her hips saying “This goes for all of you.  Do I hear any objections?”
The room fell dead silent as all stared in dread at Yvonne.  She put her arm around Priscilla’s shoulders and said “Walk with me Priscilla.”  They exited the house then, walking slowly together toward a shady grove.  It was an overcast day, drizzling rain now and then so the two wore no head covering of any kind.  Coming to the grove, Yvonne turned to Priscilla and smiling she took both of her hands and said “How are things going between you and Oliver?”
Sensing immediately how to please Yvonne, Priscilla blinked her big eyes a few times and looked down and then looked up, smiling shyly and then laughing as she rolled her eyes “Well, it’s better…  mmmm it’s really getting better” she said, as if conspiring with Yvonne about something.
Uncharacteristically giving Priscilla a hug, Yvonne grasped her shoulders gently and said “I’m glad, Priscilla.  I had hopes for the two of you” as she thought good, you’re being bound to this coven and you’re worth more than the others, outside of Grundy.  This is working well…
Priscilla smiled a bit more then, nodding as she thought I do like Oliver better each day Yvonne, but I’m leaving this coven with or without him, and nothing will stop that.

Chapter 74
Ian, Moon Owl, James, and Melissa strolled about in Boston around eight o’clock in the morning, taking in the sights and working their way down to the wharf area.  Ian was looking for a boat to rent and he finally spied a thirty foot fishing Ketch at anchor not four hundred feet from the wharf.  It had two jibs and had seen better days, but was seaworthy in all of the important areas.  All of the netting had been removed and was being repaired.  There were charts and instruments aboard and Ian found the owner in only minutes by asking around.  Repairs to the ship had just been completed and the owner was eager to defray the costs so both parties benefitted from the rental.  After a short conversation he paid the owner his fee plus five gold sovereigns as a good faith deposit in case of damages.  He told the man that he hoped to be able to keep her out until the next afternoon.  It didn’t hurt that the man had met Ian at Faneuil Hall once and had heard Revere and Hancock both speak well of him.
In two hours they were out of sight of land sailing on a gray sea, it being an overcast day.  The two women had never been on a ship of any kind in their lives and were thrilled beyond their ability to express it.
Joining Ian at the helm, Moon Owl said “I hadn’t ever seen the white man’s ships until I first came to Boston.  I love this… sailing.  It feels so… free, almost like flying.  These are what the white man used to cross the great sea to come here then?”
“Mmm… yes and no.  The first ships were originally a Portuguese design.  They called them Carracks, and it was nearly three hundred years ago, far to the south from here.  They were Spanish sailors mostly.  Now we use Galleons for the open ocean.  He explained the difference in the two, describing each somewhat.
“I just love it, Ian.”
“It can be frightening in bad weather.  Come here” he said as he stood to one side.
She looked at him questioningly, smiling a bit “What; oh no!  Me… steering the ship?”
He nodded, smiling as she entered the circle of his arms and placed her hands on the helm, his over them.  “Now this I can do” she said with a chuckle, turning her head to invite a kiss.  They kissed then, and for Moon Owl the world seemed to stand still, to somehow shrink away.  It gradually became only the circle of his arms, the helm, and his lips on hers as the wind sang through the rigging, complimenting the ships’ creaking rhythmic movement on the endless sea.
“Mmmm.  I can see why you love to sail, Mr. McCloud.”
“Ah, lass; that I do, but now only if I have you with me, Mrs. McCloud.  You may like it even more below deck tonight.”
“Ooooh!  You’re so naughty, and now I want to find out if you’re right.”
Melissa approached then, effortlessly making her way to the pair with two steaming mugs of coffee, walking perfectly on the rolling deck without spilling a drop.  Laughing she said “All right you two.  Enough of that!  You’re giving James and me ideas!  Who wants some coffee?”
Ian stepped back and invited Melissa to take the helm then as he and Moon Owl had their coffee.  James joined them then, saying “With this overcast we can’t take bearings tonight.”
“No, we can’t.  I set course to the south so that we would stay in Cape Cod Bay.  That way we can’t get out to sea.  If this westerly holds, we will simply tack back to Boston tomorrow.  Likely we will have to tack a good bit unless winds take on a southerly direction.”
They sailed on until darkness fell, but by Moonrise, the clouds had parted a good deal and they were treated to a spectacular sight.  While Moon Owl had the helm, Ian leaped and clambered to the top of the foremast to look for land.  He spent a good ten minutes aloft and then leapt to the deck, shaking his head.  “We haven’t reached the lower end of the bay yet.  James, why don’t you and Melissa take the helm for a while?  Moon Owl and I have something that needs our attention below deck.”
Laughing together, Melissa and James came to the helm as she said “Now don’t you two capsize the ship while you’re down there!”
Laughing Ian said “Let Melissa have the helm and hold her on one-six-zero.  Keep checking for land from the foremast every ten minutes.  We won’t be too far from it even now.”
Finding their cabin below deck they made love slowly, savoring the experience; and afterward Moon Owl snuggled in Ian’s arms, listening to the waves sliding along the hull, and taking in the rocking motion and the creaking sounds the ship made as it passed through the sea.  “Ian, it’s as if the ship is a living thing and she is willingly taking us across the seas.”
“That’s the first time I’ve heard it described that way, but I always thought of Elsie’s Cloud almost as a living thing.”  He told her somewhat of his voyages aboard Elsie then, omitting the pirate battle and any reference to either Cosette or Alandra.
Later they came topside, just as James called out “Land Ho, a bit to starboard.”
Ian leapt to the mainsail stays and dropped some sail on the foremast and then on the mizzen.  Within a half hour they dropped anchor fore and aft, dropping both mainsails and swimming ashore in the moonlight.  Shortly they had gathered firewood and had a good campfire going.  Moon Owl sat between Ian’s legs leaning back on him as did Melissa with James.  The women talked a bit about things they’d seen and done before meeting the two.  James spoke of his childhood in England, how he’d become sick and how Robert Milliken had brought him over, saving his life.  Ian related his story and how Cosette had saved his life.  As he told the story he began to yearn for her strongly, which surprised him.  Changing the subject he said “The pilgrims landed somewhere on this spit of land around 1619.  They had a tough winter and found that the soil was no good for growing food so they set sail and landed at Plymouth in 1620.  That was how the first white men came to this area, Moon Owl.”
Sensing that he had changed the subject because of thinking about Cosette, Moon Owl simply took one of his hands and kissed it tenderly, holding it to her cheek.  Sometime later, Ian suggested they hunt before leaving.  Melissa asked why since their flasks were all full and he explained to them “Never take anything for granted involving the sea.  We never know what can happen out there and how long we might be forced to be afloat.”
James said “I’ll vouch for that.  We passed through a frightful storm coming over.”
“It’s best always to feed before sailing just to be safe, like we did yesterday.  We should hunt now and if we make kills then we can drink what we have and refill for the journey.  People die because of unforeseen things happening at sea.  Vampires can be killed the same way.”  They paired off and hunted then, catching several rabbits inside of an hour.  Not an hour after that, they were underway.
Ian and Moon Owl took the helm until daylight, giving James and Melissa the cabin below deck for the balance of the night.  Sunrise was spectacular, a pink display on unimaginable cloud formations, and mercifully no direct sunlight.  “Keep her at three-four-zero James” he said and then he and Moon Owl made their way to the bow.  It was a day of broken cloud cover and occasional periods of sunshine.  Putting a blanket around her he stood close behind, his arms about her.  They talked about many things that they’d done and seen in their lives.  They were now all wearing their broad-brimmed hats, gloves and were well-covered excepting for Ian.  It was an uneventful passage back to Boston and they sighted numerous fishing vessels enroute, half of them Ketches like theirs.
As Boston Harbor came into view, Ian reflected on the return trip, and how he kept visualizing Cosette’s eyes.  It was such a strong visualization that he wondered at it, having never had such a thing happen to him in years.  No doubt he loved Moon Owl deeply, but yet he felt this overpowering pull, this vivid memory of her remarkable eyes, and increasingly of the way she had walked and laughed.  It caused him no end of wonder, being as Alandra had died far more recently.  But it wasn’t in the least objectionable, strangely enough.  It was somehow comforting, as if she was alive and thinking of him as strange as that seemed.  He was puzzled by it all of the way back to Boston, thinking Cosette, how I loved you!  Even after all of these years you can take my thoughts away from everything else.

Chapter 75
Celeste raised her eyes from Celine to Marie, saying “Ian’s in Boston.  He and James have been sailing with their wives.”
“Sailing?”
“Yes.  They rented a ship and took a trip that lasted overnight.  Celine and I have been linked to Ian and to Cosette for several hours.”
Marie leaned forward then, gazing with wonder on the sleeping child.  “She’s a wonder, Celeste.  A living miracle; the two of you… so powerful together!”
Celeste nodded, “It seems to grow a bit each time we do it this way.  We never stayed connected to the two at the same time before.  I could see Ian hunting, sailing and what he could see when he would climb aloft in the rigging.”  She didn’t add that she could tell when he was making love to Moon Owl also.  She’d broken that connection then, not feeling right about abusing her powers that way and had kept their connection focused on Cosette.
“Cosette’s made a close friend and ally in the coven.”
“That would be who, Priscilla?”
“Yes.”  They’re getting close now.  Cosette asked if she’d like to come back to France with her.”
“If Cosette thinks she’s worthy, then she is.  Do you think she’ll try to find Ian in Boston?”
“She wants to go, but she’s involved in helping the Americans to spy on the British.  That’s not the only thing holding her in New York City though.”
“The Millhouse family and Stuart?”
“Yes.  She is afraid for their safety now.”
“Cosette will do the right thing at the right time.  We have to believe that.”
“Oh, Marie!  I hurt so when I think of her learning about Ian and Moon Owl.  It isn’t fair to any of them.”  Tears began to form then in her large doe eyes, sliding down her cheeks as she wept soundlessly for all of them.  Marie came to her then and put her arm about her, pulling her head to her shoulder as she too began to weep soundlessly, thinking there can be no good end to this thing.
***
Cosette pondered the strange visions she’d been having lately.  It seemed that she was seeing things that Ian was seeing.  There were visions of being at sea, of a campfire.  There were other things too but for some reason, they were obscured, kept from her some way.  It was unsettling while at the same time, she craved every little detail just to somehow be nearer to Ian.  It had passed, but she had certainly been very conscious of a strong impression of his unique eyes, his penetrating gaze as he scanned the horizon of the sea.  She was certain that he had sailed that day with friends and she was certain that it was near Boston.  The urge to go there was overpowering, but she had to finish helping Priscilla to develop her skills and she’d become involved with the spy ring now too.  Not only would she have to interrupt that, but she’d have to leave the Millhouse home to go to Boston and find a way to leave Stuart behind.  There could be no plausible reason for a woman to travel to Boston alone, so she’d just have to leave when no one was about and leave a note saying where she’d gone.  This would expose the others while she was gone, and that weighed on her too.  How long could she be gone before the risk to the humans was unacceptable?  She sighed deeply, and turned to Priscilla saying “Prissy, would you like to go to Boston with me?”
***
“I hated to see them leave, James”
He sighed as he waved one last time at the two who had turned to wave goodbye from a hilltop.  “Me too” he said as he put an arm about her waist, pulling her closer.
“I loved the sailing trip.  It was heavenly being at sea that way.  I’m going to miss them so.”
“I have an idea that might cheer you up a bit.”
She looked at him, a mischievous grin appearing from nowhere as she said “James!  They’re barely out of sight and you’re going to drag me to our bedroom?”
“Heaven help me but I have married a lusty wench!” he said laughing as he continued, saying “I thought we’d take the carriage and go to look for our new house.”
Melissa’s mouth dropped open in disbelief then and she looked so comical that he threw back his head and laughed uproariously, saying “Oh Melissa, you should see yourself now!  I haven’t seen that look since you saw that Seneca brave pissing on the chicken pen.”
Laughing then she flung herself into his arms, kissing him and pulling back, frowning then “Now you’re not joking are you, truly?  James, don’t you dare tease me now!”
“No jokes Melissa.  I thought that since you’re going to be married to a banker that you might want to live in a home that a banker’s wife would appreciate.”
“Oh James!  This is so exciting.”  She smothered him with kisses rapidly only stopping to pull her head back a couple of seconds to say  “I know just where to look” as she resumed kissing him all over his face.  Suddenly she pulled her head back again, eyes wide, saying “Oh, how much can we spend?”
“We can buy any home in this town that’s for sale.” he said with a smile.
She gasped as she said “Any home?  Truly James?”
“Get your hat, parasol, and gloves Mrs. Barrows.  I’ll hook up the horse.  We’re going house shopping.”
***
Ian and Moon Owl rocketed to the west, into the frontier country beyond the Hudson River valley.  They took a different route than any they’d taken before, often turning aside to see one thing or another.  He loved traveling this way as opposed to being on horseback or in a wagon or carriage.
They made love under the stars and talked of how they’d live in New York City after the war and how they would arrange things so that they could get away every summer and come through this country to the land of the Seneca.  He spoke at great length then, describing each member of his human family and of his vampire family too.  She was very curious about all of them, memorizing their names and who each was married to.  Little Aimee proved to be a topic of extra interest to her and she was simply fascinated by how they had saved the little girl and how she had become such a beloved member of their family.  She had listened in wide-eyed wonder to his description of Celeste and her prescient abilities as well as her incredible singing ability.  That night she told Ian that she couldn’t wait for the war to end so that she could travel to Europe with him and see all of the people he loved as well as some of the great cities of that part of the world.
They arrived late the third day and Ian had brought in two fresh deer carcasses, one tied to each end of a three inch sapling across his shoulders.  A big feast was held that evening, officially welcoming them back and that was followed by a powwow and smoking of the ceremonial pipe.  Ian got his violin out and entertained them all with a medley of old Gaelic tunes; everything that he knew how to play really, including even some music by Vivaldi and Bach.
The next day he took care of repairs that the cabin needed before doing much of anything else.  Mostly it was chinking needed between some of the logs.  Adding a corral for the livestock was another project involving the making a split-rail fence by splitting chestnut logs.  By the end of the first three days all of the maintenance and repairs were done and the two of them settled into a routine involving a lot of fellowship with the Seneca people themselves.
In spite of the fact that Ian often did things that the Seneca thought should only be done by women, he enjoyed great respect among the people who merely thought that he was eccentric.  Much of that respect was for his fame earned while playing Lacrosse while much of it was for his being known to be a prolific hunter and warrior.  By now the entire village knew that he and James had killed seven Mohawk braves the first time they ever came to the land of the Seneca, even if they were uncertain about the details of the story.
He and Moon Owl settled in to the routine of the village and an idyllic summer began.  At quiet times Ian would have vivid visions involving Cosette.  Quite often he visualized her lovely face and exquisite eyes, and again it seemed as if she was alive and somehow watching over him.  This was different than when he’d been haunted by the memories of her and Alandra, especially on the voyage to America.  This was somehow hopeful but he couldn’t understand how or what it all meant.  He was always left with a feeling of peace and well-being when a session ended and he never ceased to ponder it and wonder at it all.  There was no one to share the thing with though.  Had they still been with James and Melissa, he would have shared the details with James.  He considered and rejected the idea of sharing this with Moon Owl because he couldn’t bear the thought of hurting her.  As the summer opened and bloomed, so did his visions, coming softly when he wasn’t distracted by other things, during quiet times when he could savor them.
Although unexplainable, he now embraced the visions and secretly loved these vivid reveries when they came.  When one especially poignant session had ended while he was repairing the plow one day he thought how strange my life has been as a vampire!  It seems that I’ve become your willing captive throughout eternity, Cosette.

Chapter 76
Cosette and Priscilla rocketed through the countryside, traveling northward.  Permission for Priscilla to take a short foray had been grudgingly been granted by Yvonne.  Priscilla had made her case being that once they’d settled in to their new home at the Stedman estate, she would be occupied full time keeping order in the tenant house with the coven.  She had pointed out that no longer would they be out in the countryside by themselves, but would be confined to twelve acres, and otherwise surrounded by humans.  Her duties would put more strain on both her and Yvonne.  Tactfully she told Yvonne that she would herself be under more strain and needed the short distraction of an adventure.  She had even invited Yvonne to come away with her for a short adventure, knowing that she’d never do it.  Yvonne’s ego was fed by the thought that Priscilla seemingly wanted to share her private time with her.
Put that way, Yvonne felt that she couldn’t refuse her, being as she was so dependable and being as she seemed to be drawing nearer to Oliver too.  In the end, she decided that this would cement her ties to the coven even more, being as Priscilla clearly was being allowed a freedom and trust not extended to the others.
For her part, Cosette was very happy to have her along for company, and had secretly dreaded going alone.  So it was that the two had departed for Boston.
***
Toward dusk, Melissa and James came home.  She went inside and lit several of their oil lamps while James unhitched the horse and turned her into the small pasture behind the house.  They had no sooner settled in for the evening and began to discuss the various neighborhoods they’d visited than there was a knock at the door.  Opening it, James saw two women dressed in sturdy trousers, long sleeved shirts, boots, wide-brimmed hats, and each carrying a ruck sack on their backs.
The taller of the two said “I’m Cosette McCloud, the wife of Ian McCloud and this is Priscilla Weeks.  Are you…”
There was a loud crash behind James as Melissa dropped a large serving bowl she was holding.  All eyes went to her as she stood there staring at the two.
“Y… you are Mrs. Ian McCloud?  But she… she’s dead.  Tell her James.”
James turned to Cosette, saying “How can you be Cosette McCloud when she’s dead?”
Cosette and Priscilla both removed their hats and Cosette said “May we come in, Mr. Barrows?  I have a letter here from Robert Milliken advising me that my husband lives in Boston.”  She handed the letter to James who glanced at it wide-eyed and opened the door, wordlessly beckoning them to enter.  He waved them to the sofa and went to the kitchen to fetch two chairs, bringing them back to place them opposite the sofa.  They both sat down as he read the letter, recognizing Robert’s signature.
“This is Robert’s handwriting all right.  I hardly know what to say, Cosette and Miss Weeks is it?”
Priscilla nodded as he continued  “I hope you wouldn’t be offended if I asked you a few questions about Ian that only his wife could answer .”
Cosette smiled sweetly then and said “I’d expect a good friend of my husband to do no less” as she allowed her exquisite eyes to glow softly.
***
Alexander and Simone Dubois both approached the darkened home in the northern quarter of Marseille.  Accompanying them were Louis, Celeste, Mustafa, Liri, Li and Sophia.  Both Alexander and Simone had been thoroughly and properly imprinted by the family at the old abandoned house south of the Angel’s Care Orphanage in Paris.  Henri had bought the property some five years ago and had left it looking dilapidated, but furnished with a few things that the family might need in a pinch, secured in a special room in the cellar.
Aside from catching and draining game, tolerance to sunlight, oral hygiene, the blood fast, and strict control of strength their imprinting had also included basic swordsmanship, marksmanship, and the equal use of both their right and left hands for all things.  Basic hand to hand combat had been taught by Li and the swordsmanship and marksmanship by Mustafa and Louis.  They had enthusiastically accepted Marie’s offer of family membership the day after they had been freed from Moreau’s coven rather than be free to go their own way.  That night they’d seen enough to know that this remarkable group was a cohesive team after witnessing the efficient way they had raided the place.  Their exposure to the others during their first day of imprinting convinced the two more than ever to stay with the Lafayette family.  The concerned and caring way that they were taken in to complete the process in spite of the grave warning to never take human blood convinced the two that they could be in no better hands than to be a part of this clan.  Jennifer and Aimee both told them of the circumstances of their adoption and that reinforced their decision even more.
So it was on this night that they were on their first mission, being to reconnoiter a suspected coven house in Marseille.  Like spiders the pair worked the south side of the three story house slowly crawling from window to window in their black fighting suits.  The others worked other sides of the house and all were listening intently at each window, their keen hearing attuned to the slightest sound coming from inside.
They took their time, working patiently and listening intently for an hour and a half.  What sounded like an owl hooting three times in succession was the signal to withdraw and they silently descended in the blackness of the moonless night and bounded away to the north around two hundred feet, just the other side of a small grove of trees.
Louis drew a birds-eye view of the place in the dirt and began to query each one according to where they’d been.  The vampires could easily see his sketch by the starlight.  He would put a number on each side of the building according to what that person thought they heard.  The number came to twenty one vampires.  Then Celeste was asked to give her count based on what she sensed and nothing else.
“There are eighteen of them, and fourteen are males.  Likely some were in more than one part of the house and got counted twice.  They’re mostly in the parlor and eight of them are on the 2nd floor and none on the 3rd floor.”
Alexander asked “What now?”
“You and Simone get to stay until dawn and see how many more return by then.”
“Alone?”
Louis and Celeste chuckled as he said “No.  Mustafa and Liri will stay with you.”  Tonight would be only a probe to estimate the enemy’s’ strength, but it was a thrill for both Alexander and Simone being their first mission.
Those two had been left to watch two sides of the place while the others totaled the numbers.  Alexander and Simone both went to rejoin the two and settled in for the balance of the night, as the others bounded away to the east, headed for the Chateau.
Within a half hour the other four were near the chateau when Celeste suddenly signaled for them to stop.
Louis whispered “What is it” as Li and Sophia silently drew near.
“We have company.  Two vampires are watching the chateau.”
Louis reflexively drew his sword then, whispering “of all the nights we chose to leave our pistols behind!”
Li whispered “Where are they, Celeste?”
“They’re together near the front veranda.  They are watching and I think they’re trying to gauge our strength.”
Li chuckled quietly, saying “They’re doing to us what we did to them tonight.  This can’t be an attack with their main body at that house we just left.”
Louis whispered “I agree.  We should get closer to them just in case they decide to go in on their own anyway.”
“We should stay outside all night for sure.  We want them to think we only number a very few.  Can they possibly guess that there are four vampires and three children in there?”
“I doubt it.  Marie has kept the drapes all closed tightly every night since we returned.”
“You’re right Sophia, but I still want to kill them now.”
“No need Louis.  I just told Celine and she’s about to tell Marie and Jennifer now.”  Sophia stifled a gasp as they all turned to look at Celeste in utter astonishment.
***
Aimee was reading a testimony from the Bible to the two children as they lay in their beds and both Marie and Jennifer were with them, having just tucked them in.  Ever since the family learned of Henri being under surveillance, they had kept both children in one room and in one bed.  The bed was never near a window but was always in a corner, and wherever they were staying, weapons were always in the children’s room, but safely out of their reach.  This night both women had just seated themselves on a small sofa when Celine sat up in bed saying “Bad men are outside, Aunt Marie.”
Marie rushed to Celine, looking intently at her “Are you sure, sweetheart?”
“Yes” she nodded “Mama and others watch the bad men.”
Jennifer approached, wide-eyed and already holding three ruck sacks bulging with weapons.  “Are mama and the others out there too right now Celine?”
Celine nodded, looking seriously at Jennifer.  “Out In front, Aunt Jenny.”
Marie vanished like a puff of smoke, eyes blazing violet blue and bounding to the landing where she silently rocketed to the study, whispering “Henri, Andre!  Get weapons now!  We have two vampires outside!”  At vampire speed the two had several rucksacks bulging with weapons and all of them leaped up the stairs silently.  Modesty was forgotten then as they all stripped to their undergarments in seconds and rapidly donned their fighting suits and began to strap on their weapon harnesses.  Aimee had been given two loaded pistols and a knife and stood in front of the bed the two children shared, eyes blazing.
Celine and Xavier both sat upright now in their bed and Celine said in a small quiet voice “Mama says the bad men are watching us and she’s watching them.”  Jennifer and Marie gasped audibly as everyone in the room turned and looked wide-eyed with awe at the little girl.

Chapter 77
The exhausted Seneca runner came into the village of Tall Elk just after dark, calling to identify himself as he came.  Three armed braves met him and after a quick exchange the four went to the long house and called out to Tall Elk.
“What is it?”
The boy of fourteen spoke, saying “I am Small Otter of the Seneca people, of the village of Gray Wolf.  A war party of Shawnee has made war on us this day and has killed many of our braves.  They’ve taken many of our women and children too.”
“We’ll send half of our braves with you now.  Gray Fox, go and get Night Stalker.”
Ian and Moon Owl had heard some of the commotion already and were both emerging from their cabin with Snow Fawn when the two vampires saw Gray Fox approaching.  Moon Owl spoke, saying “Gray Fox, what is it?”
“We need you now.  Please come, Ian.”
In the long house Tall Elk had already assembled the volunteers who would go with Small Otter back to his village and Ian was made aware of the situation.  Looking at Moon Owl he saw her nod emphatically and said “I’ll get my weapons” as he turned to leave the long house.  Within just a few minutes Ian and a party of fourteen braves were being led away into the darkness by Small Otter.
***
The following afternoon they emerged from the forest and entered what was left of the village of Gray Cloud.  His village was the southernmost of the Seneca villages, being in northern Pennsylvania and closest of all to Shawnee country.  One of the long houses had burned to the ground.  Smoke and the sounds of mourning greeted them as women wept over their husbands and sons.  Small Otter ran to an older man who Ian took for the Sachem himself.  The party was told that another village which was closer had already sent twenty three braves and that those were now tracking the war party and would send a runner back to guide any other reinforcements to wherever they camped.  Ian stepped forward, saying “I’m Night Stalker of the people of Tall Elk.  How many braves were there?”
The Sachem looked intently at Ian and nodded, saying “We know of you, Night Stalker.  It is good that you come.  There were near seventy braves.”
“Have you ever been to the sea coast?”
“No, but we have an elder who has.”  Turning to Small Otter he told him to fetch the man and shortly the lad returned leading a withered old brave who he introduced to Ian.  Squatting in the dirt, Ian took a stick and drew a map of the coast of New Jersey, and of New York , including Manhattan Island and Long Island.  Continuing his map he traced the path of the St. Lawrence river and then Lake Erie.  He pointed to near Lake Erie and made an X there, saying “That is the village of Tall Elk.”  Then he marked another spot and said “We are here.”  The old man studied it and looking at Ian he pointed to Manhattan and lower Long Island he called it “Manahatta, of the Poospatuck people.”  Pointing to New Jersey he said “Delaware people.”  Ian asked the old man to show him where he thought the Shawnee had come from.
Taking the stick the man drew a rough oval and said “This is the land of the Shawnee.  They are many compared to the Seneca, and their land is of great size.”
Ian looked at the map indicating the greater part of southwest and all of the southern two-thirds of Pennsylvania and thought I need to find them before weather can blot out their tracks.  He looked at Gray Wolf and beckoned to his party, saying “I go ahead alone now to track them.  I’ll leave sign along my way for you to follow.  Come as fast as you can.”
Without waiting for a reply, he whirled and ran faster than any brave could from the camp heading south toward Pennsylvania.  The Sachem turned in surprise, looking at the braves from Tall Elk’s village.  One of them said “Night Stalker is faster than any of us, and he can track them in darkness.  We go now too.”
As quickly as he was out of sight of the Indians, Ian began to run at vampire speed.  As he rocketed along his vampire’s eyes were trained on the ground as much as on his surroundings.  Occasionally he would stop and use his sword to blaze a mark on a tree, slashing off a very large portion of its bark.  But mostly he just broke foliage and twigs constantly as he rocketed along, leaving a clear trail.
***
Henri came into the parlor and sat down with the family.  “We may have two covens in Marseille.  I have information of a second place that we’ll investigate tonight.”
“Did both vampires leave at the same time last night?”
“Yes.  It was two hours after midnight.  They had to be here just to get an estimate of our strength.  For tonight we’ll send Alexander, Simone, Louis and Celeste.  We only want to know numbers and nothing else.”
Looking at Celeste Louis said “Don’t go near that first place at all.  It’s too dangerous and we already know how many are there.”
Liri spoke then “What if they come this way?  How will we know in time if all of them are on their way?
Henri said “Celeste, tell us how your test went today.”
“Jennifer and I went to the waterfall and I was able to talk to Celine the same as I could last night when I was near her.  She could tell that Jennifer was hand-fishing too.  Mustafa, Louis and I returned from Marseille not two hours ago and I still can talk to her clearly from there too.”
“So you could warn us if they start this way?”
“Yes, but only if I see or sense them leaving.”
Henri spoke then saying “It’s too dangerous for just the four of you to watch that first place.  Stay away from it.  Li, Andre, Alex and I have gotten a room ready in the cellar.  It’s next to our root cellar that extends outside of the main foundation of this chateau.  We can all gather down there this evening and make ready in case they attack tonight.  We have made changes and now they can only come at us one at a time.”
Jennifer said “What if they set the chateau afire with us down there?”
“We will go into the root cellar until it burns down if need be.  We’ll be safe there, and there’s now a fresh air opening for it, so the children will be able to breathe.  We’ve all we need in weaponry down there already as well.”
Liri asked “What comes after tonight?”
Henri looked around the room at everyone then, saying “We kill all of them” as his eyes took on a topaz glow.  All nodded agreement then, eyes glowing.

Chapter 78
Cosette, Priscilla, James, and Melissa rocketed southward at a ground-eating pace through the North American woodlands.  Upon learning that Ian had departed for the land of the Seneca, Cosette reluctantly agreed to return to New York.  She was due back in order not to alarm the Millhouses and Priscilla was due back In order to remain in good standing in the coven.  
Taking an extra day though, Cosette took time out to instruct Priscilla in marksmanship and swordsmanship.  Care, reloading and taking enough time to get off an accurate shot were stressed as well as proper footwork and parrying while fencing.  James and Melissa helped her, with Melissa and Cosette demonstrating different things as James would simulate an attack.  The entire day was spent on just that being as Priscilla had only occasional chances for proper instruction up to now.
James and Melissa had persuaded Cosette to allow them to accompany them and help to watch the growing vampire coven there.  Both of them had kept quiet regarding Ian being married to Moon Owl.  James truthfully said that they had returned a kidnapping victim to the Seneca people a couple of years earlier and that both of them had revisited the place.  In fact neither Cosette nor Priscilla knew about Moon Owl.  Melissa and James felt that it was Ian’s place to speak to Cosette on that subject privately and both agreed to keep it as their secret until that time.  They’d agreed to allow her to leave a letter for Ian should he come to their home looking for them.
Priscilla had agreed to return to the coven as their eyes and ears inside of it.  She was happy to do so, knowing now that she’d be joining Cosette and her family when she was through with the coven.  At last she had not only a goal, but one that promised a bright future.  The time spent with Cosette, James, and Melissa had reinforced her commitment immensely.  There was the difference of night and day between the life of those in the coven and the life led by Cosette, James, and Melissa.
She now no longer felt forlorn and accursed, but instead had come to accept the creature she had become and was looking forward to the day when she would forever join herself to Cosette’s people as one of them.  Cosette had taken her under her wing like a little sister and for her part Priscilla was happily indebted to her.  The two had gotten to where they joked now and then about little things and Priscilla had begun to confide in Cosette regarding her growing affection for Oliver.  For her part, Cosette hoped that he could be persuaded to side with them when the time came.  She contemplated that as the four of them ran tirelessly southward along the Hudson Valley thinking they outnumber us four to one now, yet the time will come when we’ll fight this coven.  I feel it.  I know it.
***
Chief of the King’s Gendarmes Claude Rousseau re-read the letter from the Laforges one last time before burning it.  It had the distinctive Laforge crest, so it was authentic.  Laughing, he had to admit that this was one request he’d never thought of.  He wondered what they would think of his orders at the Marseille gendarmerie.  As he drafted the order he thought what are you Laforges up to now?  No matter; you’ve been true to your word and I’ll live up to my end of our bargain.  And I know that you were instrumental in getting France to formally declare war against Great Britain.  As sure as the sun rises, there are others of the King’s ministers who’ve been told to persuade him in this matter.  He chuckled and thought maybe France can regain the territory we lost in the treaty of 1763.  I suppose if we could even get half of it back it would be worth the risk.  Shrugging he thought I’m not even a pawn on the chessboard that the Laforges call life.  I wonder if the King knows that he is.

Chapter 79
Humans were a short distance ahead.  Ian had caught their scent less than a mile back and was even now circling the suspected site warily, looking for a sign of who they might be.  Silently he stole through a dense laurel thicket until he spied a group of some twenty three braves.  Looking carefully he saw the similarities of dress between these and Tall Elk’s people and that there were no captives.  There was no fire so this was only a resting place.  Knowing that these weren’t the enemy he stood and walked boldly out into the open with no weapon in his hand.  “I seek the men who help Gray wolf.”
Startled, they all arose and reached for their weapons, forming up and advancing warily toward him.  One stood forth, a middle aged man likely the leader of the group.  “Who is it that seeks us?”
“I am Night Stalker of the people of Tall Elk.”
“We know of you, Night Stalker.  I see no one with you.  Could Tall Elk not send braves?”
“Fourteen follow me and will come here.  I go to track the war party.”
“We will go with you soon, when we are rested.”
“I go alone.  You are too slow.”
“You boast at a time like this?”
“I go now.  I’ll mark their path across rocky places and streams.  Rain comes tonight and it will be harder to find them after that.  If they divide themselves, I will mark both paths, but I will mark my path with this” he said as he drew his long bone-handled hunting knife and handed it to the brave.  Then he said “If I find the Shawnee, I may mark my trail with their bodies.”
Handing his knife back the brave nodded, saying “You will leave bodies without having weapons?”
Ian smiled and drew his short sword from between his shoulders at vampire speed to a loud exclamation of wonder by all of them.  Sheathing it very rapidly with a practiced motion he said “I go to seek what was stolen, not to spill blood.  I leave vengeance to you.”
Raising his hand in farewell, he spun rapidly and ran faster than a horse into the forest, following the trail.  As soon as he was out of sight of them, he ran at vampire speed, rocketing southward, consuming the miles as if they were nothing, and marking his trail as he went.
He came to a very broad rocky table then, and cast about, seeking a sign.  Finally he spied a patch of Lichen scraped from the rock surface and bounded off that way until he was able to find clear sign in the softer floor of the forest.  Backtracking at vampire speed he gathered stones rapidly and placed them on the ground to form an arrow pointing to where the trail resumed.  Then he rocketed to the edge of the rocky area and carefully examined all of the ground along its southern edge where the heavier forest growth resumed.  Satisfied that the group hadn’t divided itself here, he took up the trail, marking it well as he rocketed southward, leaping gullies and bounding over fallen tree trunks with his keen vampire eyes alternating between the trail and his surroundings.
The distant sound of a waterfall reached his ears and soon enough he followed the trail to a ravine with a stream about thirty feet wide coursing along its floor.  To the east, it disappeared over a waterfall, and looking west, the ravine extended beyond his sight.  Carefully he trotted along the edge of the ravine looking for the trail.  He back tracked and looked the other way going toward the falls until he found their trail stopping abruptly at the edge.  Peering over the edge he saw a large tree trunk lying skewed on the rocks far below, part of it in the stream itself.  It had been a log bridge and they had rolled it into the ravine to slow any pursuers.  Ian studied the site briefly, thinking this thing is well over one hundred feet deep.  I had best make them a bridge of some sort.
Spinning rapidly he backtracked to a poplar grove some three hundred feet and drawing his sword he soon had six poplar trees down, each around eight inches diameter.  Rapidly trimming them he dragged them at vampire speed to the ravine and soon had all six of them spanning the chasm, three with their base on his side and three with their base on the other side to make for a nice foot bridge.  Rapidly he ran back and hacked down two hickory saplings, cutting them to make four stakes which he sharpened at vampire speed.
Driving those into the ground adjacent to the logs with a large stone he was able to stabilize them.  Leaping easily across the thirty foot chasm he did the same on the other side.  Rapidly he ran across his bridge and back, satisfied that it was safe.  Now whoever followed him could stay on the trail without a lengthy detour.  He regretted the half-hour he lost, but thought it best because the captives would need care when they were recovered.  Hoping that the war party would slow down, he was off again, marking the trail as he rocketed through the forest.  Maybe they’ll feel safer now having crossed that large rock table and this ravine.  Will that be enough to persuade them to stop and make camp?
Eyeing the sky to the west and northwest, he could easily see that it would rain that night, if not sooner.  Shortly before dusk he arrived at another river, hearing it before it was in sight.  Thinking they might camp there he slowed and began to carefully approach the riverbank.  Paralleling the stream he moved westward stealthily, staying some two hundred feet from it.  After about a quarter mile he saw what appeared to be a natural ford and beyond that, his keen eyes detected smoke, albeit very little.  They were burning deadwood to keep the smoke from being visible, and the fire was beneath a dense canopy of hardwood trees which would scatter it as it rose.
Moving northward somewhat, he came abreast of the fire and saw that a sizable war party was here,  maybe thirty braves more or less, and that they were camped on the south side of the river.  The hostages were not yet visible so Ian kept gliding through the forest like a shadow in the dusk.  He noticed a steady draft of cool air coming from the north when he paused at the base of a very low rocky bluff.  Turning aside to investigate he parted a laurel thicket at the base of the bluff and discovered a sizeable cave that likely the war party hadn’t even seen.  The entrance was hidden behind the laurel bushes and if anyone was standing on the low bluff above it they wouldn’t even know that a cave lay at their feet.  That it extended some distance to another opening somewhere was evident from the cool air that came out of the entrance.
Darkness fell then and still he warily circled the large camp, searching for a sign of the hostages.  Going upstream, he silently leapt the forty foot span of the stream and melted into the forest, turning toward the camp.  Circling southward, away from the river he finally came across the place where the hostages were secured, settling down to watch a while.  Crickets and cicadas sang, seeming to be telling each other about the thunder muttering in the distance.
 Satisfied that no guards were nearby, he got up and began to glide stealthily to their perimeter.  Selecting a woman who was furthest away from the center of the group, he slipped up behind her and instantly clamped his hand over her mouth, whispering in her ear in the Iroquois tongue “Be silent.  I’ve come to free you.  I’m going to cut your bonds and give you my knife.  Nod your head if you understand.”
She nodded, rolling her eyes to try to see him.  Quickly he cut the rawhide straps binding her and handed her his knife, smiling.  Then he bent to her ear whispering “Do as I just did and I will do the same.  Have each one go to that big tree over there and wait for me.”  He pointed to a very large White Oak looming in the darkness some sixty feet distant.  She nodded and the two began to free prisoners then, one by one.
Over the next few minutes they had freed fourteen then, being ten young women and four female children.  Ian could see no more, but two guards lounged against a rock not more than forty feet from a campfire.  A second larger campfire was closer to the river and there were an indeterminate number there, eating and talking.  Thinking that they’d feed the prisoners last, Ian wanted badly to slip away before they turned to that task.
Silently he beckoned and the group made their way to the big Oak tree.  Just beyond it Ian pointed upstream to a place and told the woman with his knife to lead the group there.  By now the thunder had gotten noticeably closer and lightning flashes were no longer over the horizon, but were now nearly overhead.  Ian quickly flashed back to where the hostages had been, looking for any blankets or possibly any water skins.  Finding three blankets he rolled them up and had stood to leave when a lightning bolt flashed just in time to completely illuminate the camp.  The nearest guard some thirty feet distant had stood up to urinate and just happened to be looking Ian’s direction at that instant, and saw him standing alone where all of the prisoners had been.
Before he could give an alarm, Ian had rocketed across the space and grabbing his head he twisted it completely around, breaking his neck.  Silently he bounded away with the body over his shoulder, leaving it beyond the big Oak tree.  In seconds he was with his group and whispered “We all have to cross the stream here.  Whoever can swim, cross now and hide on the far side.  I will carry the others across.”  Seven of the women entered the water then and began to swim across as the storm neared.  The noise of its approach masked much of the sound of the swimming as the squall line drew near.
Ian took the oldest of the four children and bounded away a bit and then leapt across the river.  Setting the child down, he pointed to some laurel bushes and said “Hide there.”  As the first of the women emerged from the water he pointed to the bushes and whirled, running upstream just far enough that they couldn’t see him jump the stream.
In minutes he had gotten all but the last adult woman across and as he leapt across with her, a lightning flash illuminated the entire area and the ones waiting in the bushes saw him in midair with the young woman in his arms.  Landing he darted to the others saying in a low voice “Come quickly now.  There’s a cave nearby.  Hurry now and be silent.  Quickly!”
As he led them to the cave entrance it began to rain just slightly and lightning rained down in rapid succession as the full fury of the storm had nearly reached them.  Even with the sound of the wind rising, Ian clearly heard a cry of alarm from the camp as someone realized their prisoners were gone.  Lightning illuminated the camp, revealing a swarm of braves picking up weapons and running helter-skelter looking for their prisoners while shouting at each other.  Before any could look their direction however, the last woman had entered the cave.
Ian came in and squatted in the entrance, peering out into the downpour at the chaos in the camp, barely two hundred feet away.  The scene was lit sporadically by lightning flashes and punctuated by deafening thunderclaps, revealing an estimated thirty braves more or less still running about, but spreading away from the campfires now burning lower due to the downpour.  By now four had crossed the ford and dividing into two pairs, they began to search up and down the riverbank for a fresh trail.  They passed by the cave shortly, but were easily forty feet distant from it, staying along the bank looking for tracks.  Ian wondered if the rain would obliterate their tracks before the two braves could see them.  It would be hard to miss their trail, being so many of them had come ashore in one place.  Silently he drew his sword and glided out into the downpour, concealing himself behind a tree trunk as he watched their movements.
One stopped and peered at the ground, calling to the other.  They stooped in the downpour then, both staring at the ground while waiting for the next flash of lightning to illuminate what one thought he had seen.  Ian glided toward them, sword in hand and had gotten to within only ten feet when a lightning bolt flashed, lasting several seconds and clearly illuminating their tracks.  The two exclaimed “here” as they turned to start for the cave.  Another lightning bolt illuminated a figure standing in their path with eyes that glowed a frosty blue color.  In an instant both were decapitated in full view of those in the cave.
Quickly Ian grabbed one and bounded to the river, sliding him into the water and pushing the corpse out into the current.  In only seconds his dead companion had joined him.  Taking each of their heads in a hand, Ian leapt the stream just as a lightning bolt illuminated him at midpoint for all in the cave to see.
In the cave most of the women gasped audibly and two cried out at the sight of Ian high over the river in mid-air, holding two severed heads.
Landing he melted into the blackness of the forest.  The women in the cave began to talk to each other in agitated voices.  The one who Ian had freed first said in a low voice “Be silent.  Night Stalker is a great warrior of Tall Elk’s people.  He will not harm us.”
In the darkness he quickly leapt into the center of the camp and waited for the lightning to come again.  For some two minutes he stood there with the two heads in his hands waiting in the downpour until suddenly lightning flashed brightly, illuminating the place for some ten seconds as he cried in a loud voice “I am Night Stalker of the Seneca.  Death to the Shawnee!”  As he shouted many turned to see him standing in their midst, eyes aglow and holding two severed heads aloft.  Just after the lighting had passed, he dropped the two heads and leaped out of their midst heading away from the river.  Many with spears and tomahawks raised rushed to where he’d just been standing and found only two severed heads lying on the ground, staring sightlessly at the flickering lightning raining from the stormy sky.  Ian darted about in the darkness, gathering any blankets he could find that were still rolled tightly.  Fear and dread began to fall upon the braves then as they looked about, each wondering if the demon with the glowing eyes would lift their head next.
Even as they milled about shouting to each other in the darkness, Ian had again leaped across the river and had taken his position in the mouth of the cave.  He passed seven blankets back without comment to the others, keeping one.  Gesturing to the two smallest of the children as lightning illuminated the cave, he said “come and be warm” as he put the blanket around his shoulders and made room for them between his legs, patting the ground there.  The two stood hesitantly in the flickering light, looking to the women and to Ian.  The woman who still had his knife stood and ushered them to him, making them to sit.  He nodded to her pulling the blanket around them and they gradually settled, making themselves more comfortable.  In minutes their shivering had stopped and the group sat behind Ian huddled together beneath the blankets, watching the downpour.  Lightning illuminated the scene sporadically even as the storm receded toward the east.  Eventually there remained only the sound of the drumming rainfall in the darkness, faintly lit now and then by distant flashes of lightning, even as the sound of the river grew louder with its volume of new water.

Chapter 80
Priscilla snuggled in Oliver’s arms contentedly, her head on his chest.  For the first time ever since she had crossed over to become a vampire, she had truly enjoyed herself intimately with a man.  He had been gentle, very caring, and sensitive to her needs above his own, which was a completely new thing in her experience.  As she lay there reliving the experience, the glowing aftermath warmed her.
Oliver spoke in a low voice then, saying “You were … different this time, Priscilla.”  
“Mmmm… it was different for me this time” she said, snuggling a bit closer, putting one leg over his stomach and craning her neck to kiss his neck softly.  There was a knock at the door and Oliver said “Come in.”
Yvonne entered, looking peeved while standing in the doorway, her hands on her hips as she said “You didn’t tell me you’d returned.”
Priscilla covered herself modestly and put one hand to her mouth as she laughed a bit saying “Oops.  I’m sorry Yvonne.  I no sooner got here than I saw Oliver and … well, here we are.”
Yvonne saw the glow on her face and suddenly smiled radiantly as she thought finally you have a mate who pleases you.  This is good.  She finally said “Oh, I don’t care too much I guess.  Did you have fun?”
“Mmmm… did we ever!”
Actually laughing now Yvonne said “I meant on your trip, silly.”
Priscilla stretched luxuriously and nodded, and then suddenly as an afterthought she bounded out of bed, leaving Oliver lying there completely exposed and scrambling for cover while she went laughing and wrapping herself in the bed sheet.  Running to her ruck sack she pulled out a toothbrush.  It was a wooden handled one, very well made and she turned and ran to Yvonne, handing it to her and kissing her cheek with a laugh.
Taken by surprise by both her joy and the unexpected present, she stared at Priscilla wide-eyed, and then smiled radiantly and embraced her, saying “Why thank you, Priscilla.  That was very thoughtful of you.”  Knowing that the members of her coven had no money she casually asked “Wherever did you get this?”
Priscilla hunched her shoulders as she clasped her hands together and rolling her eyes with a giggle she said “I stole it.  Rich Tories have the best stuff!”  Her bubbly enthusiasm was so contagious that Yvonne laughed with her in spite of herself and stepped close to give her a kiss on the cheek, saying “Thank you again, Priscilla.  It’s a wonderful gift, and quite rare.  When you two are ready, come downstairs.  We’re moving soon and we need to have a meeting.”  Smiling then, she walked out and softly closed the door.
Oliver patted the bed and when she came to him, he pulled her gently down to lie with him, whispering in her ear “What magic you used on her!  I’ve never seen her in such a good mood since I’ve been here.  I can hardly believe my eyes!”
“I can hardly believe that I had such a good time with you, Ollie.  I tingled all the way to my toes!  Let’s not ruin her mood now though.  We need to get down there right away.”
Dressing at vampire speed, the two were in the parlor in a minute, taking a seat on one of the sofas.  Yvonne entered the room, saying “We’ll start in a moment after I get Harold.”
Jumping up, Priscilla said “He’s in the barn.  I’ll get him, Yvonne.”  She leaped to the top of the stairs and ducked into her room and back out in a flash, rocketing out the door and toward the barn.  Slowing, she walked into the gloom of the interior and saw Grundy with several sabers at his feet.  He was pedaling the grinding wheel and putting an edge on one as she approached.
Standing respectfully by while he ground the blade she smiled prettily at him.  After two more minutes he stopped and flicked his dark eyes to hers, saying “What do you want?”
“Yvonne’s having a meeting now inside and she wants you there.  Here; this is for you” she said as she handed him a whetstone.
Taking it he looked at it, turning it over in his hands, and then flicking his dark eyes back to her, he raised his eyebrows questioningly as she said “You take care of our weapons so well that I thought you’d like this to carry in your ruck sack.”
He looked at her for a bit, speechless at an act of simple kindness, and then he actually smiled at her a bit and said “Thank you, Priscilla.”
Putting her hands together and looking down shyly and then at him again with a smile, she said “You’re welcome Harold” and turned, rocketing away toward the house.
Soon enough Grundy came in and the meeting commenced.  It was really only a summary of things they’d been warned about, mostly dos and don’ts.  Grundy said “We’ll number seventeen then.”
Bartholomew said morosely “We should be at eighteen but for Roland disappearing” as he looked at Priscilla.  She thought why is he looking at me?  Does he suspect me of something?  There’s no way that anyone follows me when I see Cosette.
Suddenly she stood up and said “Oh!  I have something that I found while I was gone.  Excuse me” she said as she rocketed up the stairs and back from her room almost immediately with a folded newspaper.  She handed it to Stefan respectfully.
Stefan looked at it and said “This thing is months old.  What’s so important about it?”
Priscilla took it and opened it, pointing to a very small article.  He peered at it and looked up at her, his mouth agape while handing it to Yvonne who gaped at it too.  She read it and then said “There was a vampire attack on a man near the Millhouse estate.”
The group began to look at each other and talk, each denying the deed when Yvonne said “Quiet down now.  This happened when Roland was assigned to watch the Millhouse home.  I think he did it and ran away rather than be killed.”
Grundy said “Let me see that.”  He pored over the article and looking up he said “There’s no mention of suspected vampire activity here.”
Yvonne said “No, but read what it says about the bite marks on the man’s neck.”
Grundy looked again and then looked up, saying “Damn that fool to hell anyway.  If he was here I would take his head now!”
Yvonne came over to Priscilla and put her arm around her saying “This is just one reason that Priscilla’s going to be in charge of the tenant house at the Stedman’s estate when we move there.”  The others nodded silently, but Bartholomew sat sulking as he thought damn you Priscilla!  I don’t know what I want more, to bed you or strangle you.  You get your own room while the rest of us bunk wherever we can and all we ever hear anymore is how wonderful you are.  And now you’ve taken up with Oliver to boot.

Chapter 81
A large, well-appointed carriage pulled up in front of the Marseille Gendarmerie.  It had four matched horses and even boasted window glass as well as luxurious curtains.  The driver was Mustafa and the coachman was Louis.  Celeste and Liri got out after he opened the door and he helped what appeared to be three six-year-old children down.  One was an angelic-looking girl with golden hair, deep blue eyes, and skin like polished porcelain who was actually a fifteen year old vampire.  The women escorted the three into the large stucco building past two armed guards.  They proceeded down the hallway to the office of the chief inspector of gendarmes of Marseille and walked in.  An assistant smiled and stood up, saying “Bon Jour!  Let me get the chief inspector.”
Nearly immediately the chief inspector came out, smiling.  He walked up to the two women and introduced himself, kissing each of their hands.  Kneeling, he smiled and introduced himself to the three children with a friendly smile, shaking the hand of Xavier and kissing Aimee’s and Celine’s hands as they smiled and curtseyed.  Rising he smiled again and said “Please come this way” as he walked out of his office and across the hall to a large interior room with no windows.  It had been freshly painted and had toys of various types lined up along one wall and there was a woman there who the chief introduced to the women and children as his wife.  None knew that Aimee concealed two loaded pocket pistols and a long knife beneath her petticoat in a specially made harness and holsters.
After each mother had knelt in front of the children and admonished them to behave they said their goodbyes, each kissing them.  Rising then, they followed the chief out into the hallway, seeing that now there were two guards at the door as well as four at each end of the corridor.  As they left the building, they noticed that there were now six guards on the door.  Shortly the carriage pulled away into the gathering dusk, lamps lit.
In less than a quarter of an hour, it pulled up to a windowless warehouse about the time the door slid open to allow it inside.  The interior was lit with numerous oil lamps and as the ladies got out, Mustafa gestured for them to walk with him toward three men and a lady, all wearing black fighting suits complete with weapons.
Henri stepped away from two middle aged men who he was speaking with and gestured for the four to approach.  Turning to the two middle aged men he said “Esteemed colleagues, may I introduce Louis Bouchard and his wife Celeste, and Maurice Garnier and his wife Liridona.  Louis, Celeste, Maurice, Liri, may I introduce Heinrich Von Steuben and Wilhelm Hoffmeister, my colleagues.”
Heinrich stepped forward, and after shaking both hands of the men, he kissed each lady’s hand as they curtseyed properly.  Wilhelm did likewise with the group and then Heinrich said “I’ve yet to hear the famous Celeste sing.  Perhaps when this unpleasant business is concluded we’ll get the opportunity?”
Marie laughed and said “Oh Heini, you are such a ladies man!  We’ll see to it that Celeste does a private performance for you at our home before you depart.”  Celeste smiled radiantly and said “Gentlemen, it would be my honor and a great pleasure as well.  I look forward to it.”
Marie stepped forward with two bundles of clothing and two rucksacks.  Li walked up and tossed both Louis and Mustafa each a bundle of clothing and a rucksack.  The women left, entering a door leading to a back room where they could change clothes.  Louis and Mustafa changed clothes where they were, donning their black fighting suits.  As they were strapping on their weapons, the ladies rejoined the two and all of them walked across the room toward a sizeable group of men, also clad in black fighting suits.
Li turned and smiled as they approached, saying “All of you know Steven here from our last mission.  We also have with us Deiter and Freidrich from Austria as well as Hans and Josef from Prussia.”  They all smiled and shook hands as Li continued, pulling out a piece of chalk, saying “Gather around.  Here is what we know.  This is their house.”  He drew a rough rectangle on the warehouse floor around eight feet long by three feet wide.  “We’ve learned that there’s no cellar in the place.  It’s three stories tall with attic dormers.  One of those is already clear for entry.  I’d like to send a team of three through the dormers to clear the upstairs first.  Those three would divide then.  Two would block escape up the main stairs and one would block escape on the back stairs.  That one would come to the kitchen and join the fight there or wherever it is happening.  The two others would stay on the stairs and prevent any escape.  Those three will each have a blunderbuss, two dragon pistols, and three pocket pistols as well as sabers.  That accounts for three of our nineteen fighters.  The six women will come in the front door as a unit and prevent any escape there.  They’ll stay together as one unit.  The remaining ten of us will burst through the eight side windows and two front windows, here, here, here, and you get the idea.  Questions?”
Heinrich spoke then, saying “How does the upstairs team fit in?”
“You three go in five minutes before we attack and make sure none are upstairs before going to your posts.  That should be enough time.  If we hear fighting, we’ll attack from all sides.”
Henri stepped forward into the midst of the group with a box which he opened.  There were eight pocket watches and all were set to the exact same time.  He gave one to Marie, one to Heinrich and then handed the box to Li, saying “each team gets one of these.  At exactly one minute before we attack, we all approach the house.  Until then we stay well back from it.  The place sits on six acres of land and I have the King’s Gendarmes ready to block access to that street from two places.  They’ll stay two blocks away and won’t come nearer no matter what they hear.”
Li said “If that’s all, we should go now.  There are four of us there now watching the place.”  Wilhelm stepped forward and asked “What about the others?  How many are there and what can we expect?
Li said “we’ll have an accurate count after we arrive, but it’s likely to be eighteen to twenty four.  They’re untrained rogue vampires.”
Henri looked around then and said “Li will assign teams to the windows on this drawing and then we go.”  In just minutes fifteen shadows silently flitted from the back entrance of a warehouse on a dark side street in Marseille and rocketed off to the north.

Chapter 82
The fire hissed and crackled occasionally as the women and children held green poplar sticks with skewered fish fillets over it.  Ian had led the group northward all the way to the log bridge he built across the ravine and they’d camped just north of there for the night.  It had been an uneventful day and they had been a good group.  None complained and all were grateful to be going back to their village and to their people.  As the day progressed, they had gotten used to the strange man who led them.  Nearly all day long he would be seen carrying any two of the four girls.  Usually one would be sitting on his shoulders while the other was in his arms.
He had stopped every two hours for a brief rest period and kept them moving without stopping for a midday meal.  It was uncertain whether the others would pursue them or not, so he always walked in the rear of their column to hear if any pursuers were coming.  By midday he had relaxed somewhat in the belief that the remainder had decided to go on, not sure how many demons they would have to fight if they did catch them.
After going upstream he had found a fairly calm pool and had spent nearly an hour hand-fishing.  During that time he had made the entire group stay with him on one bank of the stream as a precaution.  He would stab his arm into the water lightning fast and would pull out a fish, knock it on the head with the handle of his knife and toss it to the women on the shore.  Every time he did that the four little girls would giggle.  After catching fourteen fish this way, he waded ashore and cleaned them at vampire speed as the women and children watched in wonder.
Starting a fire beneath a dense grove of hardwood trees and using only dead wood he trotted off into the woods and returned only minutes later with twenty-eight green poplar sticks already sharpened.  As the sun went down, they were roasting their fillets on the fire as he ranged off into the woods, doing a wide circle to the south and listening intently for sounds of pursuit.
Satisfied after a while he hunted and soon had caught and killed six rabbits.  Draining his flasks he refilled them and then rapidly tied up and dressed the game at vampire speed.  Finishing that chore he bounded away toward the camp.  Emerging from the gloom of the forest into the little clearing he walked to the fire and said “More meat for whoever wants it” as he set the dressed carcasses down, each wrapped in its hide, and tossed his knife down next to them.
“Will you sit with us now” asked the oldest, a woman of twenty four years.
“Not yet.  I want to be sure we weren’t followed.”  He trotted off to the west, following the river and then veered off to the north to do a circle back to the river.  Periodically he’d stop and listen intently, and then move on silently.  About a quarter hour later he had circled back to the river and then he leaped it to do one last circle to the south, taking more time.  Twenty minutes later he trotted out of the gloom and came to the fire to sit.  The two little girls who had slept between his knees the night before approached shyly and stood in front of him, smiling.  He opened his legs up and patted the ground in front and the two giggled and settled down there, each clinging to a knee as they settled back onto his chest as he leaned back on a tree trunk.
The oldest one said “How long have you lived with the people of Tall Elk?”
“I don’t live there all of the time, but I come after the snow is gone and I go to where the white men live when the leaves fall.”
“You are married to one called Moon Owl?”
“Yes.”
“We heard about the lacrosse match that Tall Elk’s people won.”
“I was there.”
“It is said that no one can get a ball past you if you guard the goal.”
“Is that not what I am supposed to do?”
Several of the older girls laughed at that, and then one of them said “How is it you move so fast and jump so far?”
He sighed and said “I am of a different race of people.  Even though I look like any other man, I am different.”
Another one asked “Are there more of you?”
“Yes.  My friend James is like me.  I don’t think there are many others in this land.”
Still another one asked “Have you a family?”
“Yes.”
“Where do they live?”
 “Across the great eastern sea in another land.”
By now the two little girls on his stomach were fast asleep and the oldest woman got up, bringing a blanket to him which he softly spread over the two.  Settling back he absently stroked the hair of one of the two tenderly, listening to the sounds of the night.
“Why did you come to this land?”
As he was about to answer, he thought he heard the sound of feet stealthily approaching from the north.  Putting his index finger to his lips he made a ‘shhhh’ sound as he slowly disentangled himself from the children and stood, listening.  Suddenly his eyes glowed brightly as he ripped his sword from its scabbard at vampire speed and leapt across the fire and over the heads of those gathered there, his sword raised to strike.

Chapter 83
A whippoorwill called, punctuating the endless song of cicadas and crickets as a full moon arose over northern Marseille.  Fifteen shadows flitted along like windblown smoke, stopping in an area of blackness in a small grove of trees.  Two of those shadows detached themselves from the group and flitted silently toward a house which sat apart by its self, stopping some four hundred feet from it.  An owl sounded and four shadows nearer the house detached themselves from dark places and flitted silently toward the first two, joining them. 
Louis whispered “Well?”
Andre whispered “Three went out earlier and haven’t returned yet.”
Celeste chuckled and whispered “If they’re going to the chateau, they’re wasting their time.”
Louis turned to her and whispered “How many, Celeste?”
“Twenty two.  Six are females.”
Louis whispered then “We wait for the other three for a while then.  You four go back to your posts and call us if you see them come back or if more leave.”
“Let me stay here, Louis.”
“No, Celeste.”
“I might pick up something… maybe their intentions.”
He thought for a bit, then whispered, “Stay here, I’ll return.”
The five flitted away silently, melting into the darkness all about the place, maintaining a distance of some two hundred feet from it as Celeste hunkered down where she was, trying to read the minds of those inside.  She thought Celine, can you help Mama?
The reply came in her mind clearly yes Mama.  I’ll help.
Rejoining the group, Louis gave the report and went back to rejoin Celeste.
Henri said “Let’s wait a while and see if they return.  If not, we go in no later than two hours after midnight.  Everyone get comfortable.”
An owl sounded three times and the four watchers came to where Louis and Celeste were waiting.  Jennifer whispered “We saw three returning with two bundles.”  Louis rocketed away to the main group and shortly they were all together with Celeste in the middle.
“They’re going to attack the chateau tomorrow night and they now have twenty one males and six females and two male humans to drain.”
Henri whispered “This is it then.  Hoods on, everyone.  Li; take over.”
Li stepped into the center of the group whispering “You all have your assigned entry place.  They’ll try to get away before fighting.  The first minute or so is our best time for getting kills.  Take your time and shoot them in the brain only and then finish them off.  When you shoot, drop the pistol and draw another.  Don’t even try to put one back into its holster.  That distraction might get you killed.  Don’t cock your weapons until after we go in.  Timekeepers check your pocket watches now.”
During the silence, Celeste thought thank you Celine.  Be a good girl now and do what Aimee says until I come for you.
You’re welcome Mama.  I’ll be a good girl.  Give Papa a kiss for me.
Around a half a minute elapsed in silence as the eight time keepers checked their time pieces.  Marie whispered “We’re all good.”
Li whispered “Monsieur Hoffmeister, Monsieur Von Steuben, and Hans.  You three are starting this.  The center dormer is open already.  You have six minutes from now.”  He stepped to each and shook each one’s hands.  They nodded curtly and flitted away to the house as Li said “We can do this, everyone.  We only have to stay disciplined and focused.  They’ll think an army is invading and won’t know that they outnumber us.  Be of good courage and we’ll win this thing.”
The timekeepers all watched their watches as the entry team worked their way through the 3rd floor and then down to the 2nd floor.
Inside, Heinrich and Wilhelm were now at the 2nd floor landing of the front staircase, listening to the large number of vampires on the main floor argue about where to take the victims to drain them.  Hans was poised at bottom of the rear staircase in the kitchen, watching his timepiece.
From the parlor came a voice saying “Moreau says we go tomorrow night and that only the two of them are there.  We can have anything we find afterwards.  I’m looking forward to this.”
A female voice said “Me too.  That place is enormous.  Can you imagine what ‘s in there?”
“Are we sure there are only two of them in that big place?”
“There are two or three domestics too, but we’ll just kill them and drain them.  I’m looking forward to it, and you can bet that banker’s wife has a jewelry collection like a princess!”
“You three quit dividing loot we haven’t seen yet and find some rope.  We’re draining these two upstairs.”
Just then chaos erupted as the front door burst open and the six women entered, all hooded and clad in their black fighting suits.  Simultaneously eight side windows and two front windows burst inward as hooded black-clad figures flew in and rolled to their feet.  A roar of gunfire erupted then as the vampires roared and screamed in panic, bolting for the main staircase and the kitchen.  Hans emerged from the kitchen with a blunderbuss and cut the first vampire nearly in two as the force of the blast threw him back into his fellows’ faces.  Dropping that blunderbuss, he grabbed the second one slung on his shoulder and cut loose, taking the head off of one who had followed the first.  The third turned and ran back into the melee.  Five had tried the main staircase and the first two had their heads blown off by Heinrich and Wilhelm as they cut loose with their blunderbusses, dropping them immediately and pulling dragon pistols.  As the second row came at them they both cut loose with their dragon pistols, hitting both males in their faces at point blank range, obliterating chunks of their heads and splattering the mess all over the ones behind them.  Dropping those pistols, the two drew their last two dragon pistols and shot yet two more in their heads as they were trying to back away.
Li had shot one in the head and quickly decapitated him, moving forward in a battle crouch.  He had dropped his pistol and had two more ready as he advanced, seeking and finding two targets with head shots.
At the front door there began to be a press to get out that way as the panicked vampires were thinking that invaders were still pouring in the windows.  A knot of eight of them stormed the door trying to break through the six women defending it.  Six pistol shots sounded nearly at one time as the six of them hit four vampires in the head.  As those four lay flailing about the others jumped over them and crashed into the women.  Marie was knocked flat as she got off a shot to the head of one large male who fell atop her, flailing about as Celeste was borne down by a screeching female with a knife that viciously stabbed her three times even as she got off a shot to her opponents gut.
Before any of the other women could help Celeste they had two males crash into their midst in a raging panic, trying to escape the death and destruction behind them.  Jennifer and Simone both drew pistols and shot both males in their heads, dropping their pistols to draw two more.  
Gun smoke was by now so thick that visibility was drastically reduced.  The noise had reached a crescendo of gunshots, curses, screams, and shouts as the fight became a gigantic brawl taking the entire space of the main floor of the house.  Marie had finally gotten from beneath the huge male on top of her and covered with his blood, she ripped her sword free and shouted “Cover me” as she began to behead all of those who were down near the group.  In around ten seconds she had chopped off the heads of four of them and kicked them away as she sheathed her sword and rejoined the group.  “I’m pulling Celeste out” she cried as she pulled Celeste to the front doorway.  Quickly she put a flask to Celeste’s mouth as she cradled her in her arms while keeping a wary eye on her four companions fighting in front of her.  As Celeste began to revive she took the second flask from Marie and said “I can drink now.  Go and fight.”  Marie propped her against the door casing and returned to the fight just in time to jam her dragon pistol into the mouth of a female who was stabbing Liri.  She pulled the trigger and the vampire’s head exploded splattering gore and bone fragments all over Liri and the others.  Pulling Liri upright, Marie gave her a flask and stood shoulder to shoulder with her and the other women as they got a short respite.
Andre backed an opponent toward the women as both of their sabers flashed and rang.  Liri darted forward and taking a  pocket pistol she shot Andre’s opponent in the back of the head and Andre lopped off his head seconds later, shouting “Thanks, Liri” as he whirled to dodge a sword thrust and cut off that one’s sword hand.
Mustafa was by now covered with his opponents’ blood and was shoulder to shoulder with Louis, as they fought two males with sabers.  Their superior technique and years of practice with Ian and Li were definitely paying dividends as they repeatedly wounded their opponents grievously.  Finally Louis got a break and delivered a mighty slash to partially decapitate his opponent and in the same instant, he recovered and cut the sword hand off of Li’s opponent as Li sliced off his head.  Pivoting, Louis delivered a mighty side kick to his first opponent, now staggering about, his head flopping about, attached by his neck vertebrae and back tendons only.  This drove him flying to land on his back where he met his fate as Andre spotted him and finished decapitating him.
By now the carnage was so great that all who remained on their feet had to be cautious where they stepped for the bodies and body parts lying everywhere.  The scene was grisly and bloody beyond describing and the only thing that kept the smell of blood from being overpowering was the acrid stink of the gun smoke that had by now turned the air a sooty gray color.
Fewer gunshots were now heard as most had discharged all of the weapons they were carrying and as it had been with the Paris coven, the sounds now were grunting, cursing and occasional cries of pain punctuated by the sounds of ringing steel as swords and knives continued to be used.
Deiter had managed to hang on to his double bladed axe in spite of a serious wound in his side and a vicious slashing cut from his scalp to his neck which had exposed his skull somewhat.  He grimly bored in toward the staircase where Heinrich and Wilhelm had a pair of younger swordsmen pressing them back up those stairs.  Taking one from behind, Deiter lopped off his head and drove his shoulder into the other one’s back, knocking him forward for Wilhelm to lop off his head.
“Good one, Deiter” shouted Wilhelm as the three turned and advanced toward a knot of eight survivors who fought for their lives as the invaders began to bear in on each of them from all sides.  They literally were now standing atop the corpses of their comrades as they made their last stand in the foyer of the house.  It was a scene out of hell what with numerous disembodied heads rolling about, kicked hither and yon with their eyes rolling and mouths moving, trying to scream.
Li began to circle behind his team mates, searching for dragon pistols not yet fired because those were always holstered on the back side of the weapons belts.  Finding and gathering four he began to lunge between his comrades and shoot the males still standing point blank in their faces, each time dropping that weapon and quickly moving to another gap between his team mates to dispatch yet another one.  In only seconds there were but four left, three being males and a doggedly determined female, who was tall and rangy and good with a sword.
The last four fell to Hans, Steven, Josef, and Celeste who had recovered and had dove between Marie and Sophia with her dragon pistol, shooting the tall female in the face at point blank range.  It was over, and Li quickly called out “Who is hurt?”
Jennifer cried “Liri’s hurt!  Come here!  Hurry Mustafa!”  In seconds Mustafa was at her side and she had nearly been disemboweled and was moaning as she held herself together.  Jennifer had already given her all four of her flasks and she was mending as Mustafa gently sat down, cradling her in his arms, ignoring some eight serious wounds on his own body.
“Louis!  Monsieur Von Steuben!  Help me!  Over here” said Celeste as she beckoned, kneeling beside Friedrich.  Von Steuben cursed and leapt across the room, searching through the body parts until he found Friedrich’s hand and brought it to Celeste, holding it to the body of the young Adept as Celeste held him.  The two stayed bent to their task as Sophia limped across the room to Li.  She’d suffered a severely cut calf muscle and could only hop and stagger to her husband who caught her and carried her outside to the front porch where he pulled one of his flasks from a thigh pocket on his fighting suit and held it for her to drink.  When she had drained it he quickly gave her another which she was able to take and drink on her own.  He sat cradling her in his arms, looking about at the carnage that he could see even from outside on the porch.
Celeste saw Marie looking at a nasty wound on Henri’s thigh and called to her “Marie, can you help us?”  She and Henri both came over, picking their way through the carnage and Marie knelt beside them, holding one of her flasks to Freidrich’s lips and allowing a bit of blood to dribble into his mouth.
Heinrich said “Look, it is beginning to knit!”  The flesh around his wrist began to close up as he spoke and the four of them stayed huddled over him, ministering to him as Jennifer and Andre looked to each other’s cuts.  Josef was helping Alexander with Simone who had a grievous shoulder wound that had exposed and broken her collar bone.  She wept as Alexander held her while Josef and Louis realigned the bone ends as best they could.  The bone began to knit and realign itself, straightening properly as it grew together.  In less than two minutes, the flesh started to knit back together, the bone being healed already.
Standing up, Henri looked about and spied Wilhelm, helping Deiter over to the stairs where he could sit.  Little of the furniture on the first floor had survived save for two sofas which were covered with corpses and body parts.  Coming over to the two he said “I need to see some Gendarmes up the street now.  Can you come with me?”
Deiter said “Go ahead” as he took a flask from Wilhelm’s hand.  As the two went out the door, Henri said “this one was about as bad as it gets from my experience.”
Laughing, Wilhelm said “My God, Henri, I hope so!  Austria was not near as bad as this thing.  What a nightmare!”
The two split up, each carrying a sealed package to two small groups of Gendarmes two blocks away.  The Gendarmes were thanked and told to stay until sunrise.
Back at the house Marie had asked Steven and Hans to each take one of the two humans to a nearby church and release them.  They were left bound and covered until they were released and had not seen anything that happened although both had been frightened out of their wits by the experience.
Two female survivors were questioned by Li and Mustafa.  Moreau had been there, but had gone to look for two other vampires who were supposed to join them that night for planning the assault on the chateau.  They swiftly executed the two.  Henri brought Alexander and Simone to Sophia and Li and said “Li, these two are taking over all of your property rentals.  You two have trained them well enough.”
The two looked at each other and then at Henri as he said “I have a job for the two of you and it involves a bit of traveling.”  He put an arm around each of them then and they walked away from the others as he began to explain.
The cleanup lasted until sunrise and then the house was seen burning by local residents, and it burnt to the ground that very morning.  The Gendarmes never investigated the fire as no bodies were found at the site.  The cause of the fire was never determined by the authorities.

Chapter 84
As Ian had leapt over the campfire and all who sat around it he landed running at a frightening pace, sword raised and eyes glowing.  A voice cried out in the darkness then saying “Ian, it’s me!”
Dropping his sword, he ran to Moon Owl and picked her up, holding her over his head like she was a little girl, whirling around laughing as he said “Oh how glad I am to see you!” as he set her down and kissed her several times.  Laughing she said “I only lasted a day after you left and I couldn’t stand it so I followed you.  The others should be here tomorrow.”
“Did you let them see you?”
“I avoided them.  I just passed them by late today.”
“Come to the fire.  There are some people I want you to meet” he said as he bent to pick up his sword.  Calling out to them he assured them that a friend had come and brought her to the camp fire.  The others were all standing now and even the little girls were awake.  Introductions were made and after a while, they all settled down around the fire, Moon Owl reclining against the same tree trunk with Ian.  All four of the little girls came over then and wanted to lie with them, so Ian and Moon Owl covered the four and sat back with them, answering questions for over an hour.  The women were amazed that she would come that far alone and that she had been able to track her husband.
By then the little ones were asleep and others were now rolling up in blankets to sleep themselves.  Ian and Moon Owl sat talking in low voices for a while and when the fire had nearly died a couple of hours later they silently got up.  Quietly they rolled up their blanket, fed the fire and left the camp.  Ian said “Let’s do a circle to make sure no one is nearby.  Then we should hunt so they’ll have meat in the morning.”
They rocketed away and completed a circle within an hour listening very carefully.  Assured that there were no hostile forces in the area, the two hunted and killed seven rabbits.  They drained and refilled their flasks, skinned and dressed the game, rolling each rabbit in its hide and taking those to the camp fire silently, where they left them for the others to roast.  They then bathed in the stream in the ravine and made love in the moonlight after running a short while to dry themselves.
Looking up at the incredible display of stars Ian said “I know I said it, but I’m really glad you came to me.”
“Mmmm.  Yes, I think you just showed me that” she said as she snuggled closer to him, kissing his neck.  What was it you wanted to tell me about the captives?”
“We didn’t get all of them.”
She sat up then, looking down at him “There are more?”
“Yes.  The war party split up and took eight other women and two other children with them.”
“No sign to follow?”
“The storm washed it away.”
“Could you have caught up with the ones you took these from?”
“Yes, but I would have had to leave these alone and they were so hungry and afraid, I thought it best to get them back to their people.”
Nodding then, she agreed as he continued.  “I hoped to try to pick up their trail later and track them to their village.  If we can do that yet, we might find the others.”
“You think they will tell you anything?”
He looked at her and let his eyes glow fiercely for a few seconds, saying “I can be persuasive.”
***
Arnaud Moreau stood in the deep shade of a grove of trees around midday, looking dejectedly at the smoldering ruins of the house he had bought for his coven.  He was devastated and depressed.  Was this an accident, or was this a result of a raid by the Lafayettes?  There was no evidence to sift through and no one to talk to either.  He would return tonight and wait all night if need be for any of them to return to the place.  They surely had a stake in seeing this through, being as he had promised them they could loot the Chateau de Lafayette completely and keep anything they could carry away.  The last time he’d been with them was the evening before when he went to see what was keeping his last two members.  He had never found them, but their place was extra messy for some reason, almost as if there’d been a fight there too.  He thought what in hell happened here?  Was it an accidental fire or maybe a fight over one of the females?  Perhaps I should have brought in more females to prevent this sort of thing.  I’ll return here tonight to see if any come back.  If none return, then what do I do?  Damn this bad luck!
***
Chief of the King’s Gendarmes Claude Rousseau paced back and forth as he read this latest letter from the Laforges.  It had come with a drawing of a man.  He was asked to circulate posters of a person named Arnaud Moreau for the crime of sedition.  Laforge assured him the man would leave France once this happened because he couldn’t be jailed even for a short time, for unexplained reasons.  A plausible cover story was suggested in the off chance that the man walked into a Gendarmerie and surrendered.  He’d be held until the Laforges could be told where he was incarcerated.  Then he’d be released.  It would be called a case of mistaken identity due to an addled witness, and the Office of the King’s Gendarmes would be free of any suspicion.  So he had nothing to risk in this one either.
Shaking his head with a smile he took the drawing and description to his assistant with an order for it to go to a printer immediately.  He thought I just turned the Chief Inspector of Marseille Gendarmerie into a babysitter, so what could be more bizarre than that?  The Laforges can’t find this Moreau, but no doubt they know where or who he’ll go to once he’s in hiding.  Who is this fellow that he would make enemies of people like them?
***
Priscilla had thrown herself into organizing the tenant house at the Stedman Estate and without any help other than Oliver she had cleaned the place from top to bottom including washing all windows inside and out.  She’d taken the smallest room for herself and Oliver and assigned the others to share the larger rooms, but she had tested all of the beds and had taken the best one for hers and Oliver’s room.
Asking Yvonne if she might have money to buy a paint brush, turpentine and paint, she had scraped and Oliver had painted the shutters, window casings and doors white, being as the building was stained a barn red color.  After everyone had moved in, she had cleaned up the surrounding area, putting many things either in one of the two barns or behind them.  She had even repaired an old swing out there, finding fresh rope in the barn for that.  The place had never looked better and even Stefan was impressed.  Grundy had even told her one day that the place looked nice.  For her part, Yvonne was well pleased and congratulated herself for being so clever as to allow Priscilla more freedom and also for mating her with Oliver.  By now she was convinced to allow Priscilla all of the time away that she asked for so long as it didn’t exceed maybe three days at a time.
Priscilla found it was still very easy to get away with being gone all day long or for hours after dark if she hadn’t been gone during the daytime.  She stayed extremely vigilant though, but she was easily able to meet Cosette most of the time north of Manhattan Island in the countryside.  Mostly it was for shooting and swordsmanship lessons and she had begun to learn Kung Fu Techniques as well.  James and Melissa would participate in those sessions and the two women would often practice Chi-Na techniques with one another.
They had found and furnished names of two more tall men with black hair and blue eyes as supposed McCloud candidates to make it look as if Priscilla was looking diligently for Ian McCloud.  Both had been checked out and found not to be him of course, but Yvonne was impressed at what she thought was Priscilla’s efforts on her behalf.  She was more than ever becoming indispensable to Yvonne’s way of thinking and both she and Grundy now automatically backed everything she did.
Cosette had Invited James and Melissa to the Millstone home one afternoon and James had introduced Melissa to everyone.  Laura was quite warm toward them both and had long ago gotten over James leaving so abruptly, and it had been around five years ago.  Besides that she was now seeing Deputy Lucas Ross regularly.  He had pretty much made it obvious that he was courting her in spite of the difference in their social standing.
Rebecca and Stuart were now quite in love with each other and were also regularly seen together.  They often accompanied Laura and Lucas wherever they were going whether it was to the theater or to a concert or only to shop at the waterfront markets.  Stuart had taken a job as an apprentice laborer at a tool making company which Thelma owned and was working six days a week there now.
James and Melissa stayed at the Waterfront Inn and Tavern for some time and they had a turn of good luck when Thelma heard of a cottage which was going to become available due to the young man who had rented it with his wife being killed in an accident.  So they had gotten a place to rent in only three weeks after arriving in New York City.  James was quite leery about using his real name yet so he used an alias surname just in case the British High Command wanted to know why he’d been gone away from the new bank for so long.  The British still occupied the Milliken Merchants’ Bank of New York City though and Robert Milliken thought it a good thing since no matter who won the war, neither side could have ill will toward him and his agents.
Cosette and the others thought it a good idea for Priscilla to tell Yvonne some story about James and Melissa appearing at the Millhouse’s rather than hear it from one of the other vampires.  So it was that one day Priscilla mentioned to Yvonne that she’d seen a new couple coming around the Millhouse home.
“How long has this been going on?”
“I first saw them maybe a month ago.”
“And you said nothing to me?”
“Well, I followed them home and found out that their names are James and Melissa Burlington.  They used to know Stuart McCloud in London and maybe in Edinburg too.  I didn’t think it was anything to bother you with since I know where they live and everything.  They only come by maybe once every week or two it seems and they’re not suspicious in any way.”
She looked thoughtful for a bit and then said “What does this Mr. Burlington do for a living?”
“Textiles; I think he might own a share of a textile plant in North Carolina somewhere.  The war is so hot and heavy in the Carolinas that he might move here because the British have such a large presence here and it is so stable in New York City.  Well, you know what I mean… you know, stable by comparison to the rest of the colonies.”
“Mmmm… good work, Priscilla” she said, as she stepped closer and gave Priscilla a hug.  “You’re becoming indispensable to me.  I hope you know how much I appreciate all of your fine work keeping things up and helping the coven so much.”
“Oh my!  Thank you, Yvonne.  I want to make things the best they can be.  After all, we’re a family aren’t we?”
“And how are things working out between you and Oliver?”
Here she lowered her voice and came very close, laughing softly “I really like Oliver a lot!  I am so glad you got him for our coven.  Thank you.”
“You’re welcome Priscilla, and you’re worth it.”
“Oh my, Yvonne!  I think you’re so wise and I want to learn what I can from you.  I hope you don’t mind.”
Her ego now fed, Yvonne said “I’ll teach you more, Priscilla.  There are ways to get what one wants simply by knowing how to manipulate men as needed.”
Priscilla smiled happily as she thought yes, in your case by bedding other men behind your husband’s back.

Chapter 85
The powwow had ended.  Ian had presented what he knew of the situation regarding the captives still missing and it turned out that eight women and two little girls had indeed been taken with the others who had split off from the group he had attacked.  Two Shawnee Villages had been involved in the war party and there had been near to seventy men in the thing when they had attacked the Seneca village.  The motive was thought to be to supply the villages with more females for marrying to the eligible braves.
The Seneca braves were impressed to a man with Ian being able to take every captive away from the Shawnees and for being able to feed and care for them in the wilderness.  They had agreed to divide their force of thirty two braves.  Twelve would accompany the women and children back to the land of the Seneca.  The other twenty would try to get the rest of the captives.  They assumed that they would now be traveling with Ian and Moon Owl and were astonished to find her there with him.
He politely refused and bluntly told them that he would mark the trail as before for those who followed.
“You and your woman think to stay ahead of us?”
“Yes.  Do any of you know where that might be?”
They looked at each other, and the spokesman said “We do not know where they have gone.”
Getting to his feet, Ian said “Then we go now.  We will see you when we catch them, and we will mark our trail.  If it splits, I will leave my knife on the trail we take.”  Stepping toward the spokesman he reached out and took his right forearm saying “Goodbye” as he and Moon Owl turned and trotted into the forest.  Once out of sight they bounded away, rocketing southward on the trail of the group Ian had attacked.  The trail was not yet that stale that he and Moon Owl couldn’t follow it.
There had been no more rain since that night, so the trail was maybe four days old, but it was still there for vampire eyes to see and follow.  In five hours they had found the village some one hundred twenty miles from where they had started that day.  The two carefully circled it and saw that although some were hunting, most were there.
Within a quarter hour they were fairly certain that no captives were in this village.  The two slipped away some eight miles and hunted, draining and filling their flasks.  Ian decided to give the deer carcass to the village as a token of good will so they quickly tied it up and field-dressed it, securing it with some green elm bark some twenty feet off of the ground in a tree.
They then went and bathed in a nearby stream and relaxed in the cool refreshing water.  Moon Owl lay back against Ian’s chest as he held her and they talked of New York City and how they would live among the people there and appear as humans.  She was excited about learning the manner of dress and the dances and other things that white women did and asked a lot of questions about that subject.
“It’ll be a fine life we’ll have.  Before we ever leave to go to Europe, I’ll take a leave of absence from the bank.  I want for us to spend a lot of time with your people before we leave.”
Pulling his head down she kissed him and then said “Why?”
“We’ll be gone a good while what with the time it takes to get there and back by ship.”  He tenderly cupped her chin and turned her face up to give her a kiss and said “We could even be gone a year before we get back with the traveling time being a fair part of that.  There’s much over there that I want you to see.”
“I’m excited about going, and about meeting your two families.”
“They’ll love you.  Who wouldn’t?”
“Mmmm.  You’re saying the right things.”
He nuzzled her neck a bit and began to kiss her ear and to caress her softly then.  Laughing she squirmed a bit and said “We may be here a while longer it seems.”
“What’s our hurry?  We won’t go to that village until after dark anyway.”
Mmmm.  You’ve convinced me” she said as she squirmed a bit and arched her back then she said “Oooh… you are so very naughty!”  Laughing he suddenly burst up out of the water carrying her and leaping some thirty feet to the bank as she shrieked “Ian!” while laughing with delight.  They made love nearby and lay talking afterward, her head pillowed on his chest and one of his hands held to her lips.
***
Darkness had fallen and the people of the Shawnee village were somewhat somber due to the deaths of three of their braves and that their half of the war party had come home with no captives.  It was a medium sized village of some one hundred thirty people, and a total fighting force of under forty braves.
There were three long houses and since the weather was nice they were cooking outside and had venison and rabbit roasting over a fire.  Ian walked into the camp with the deer carcass across his shoulders and Moon Owl at his side.  Both of them were dressed like frontiersmen with wide brimmed black felt hats, fringed buckskin pants and knee length boots.  Both had on light weight brown linsey-woolsey shirts and both had a large hunting knife on their belt and a short sword slung between their shoulder blades.  Their ruck sacks were stashed safely some distance from the village.  They had made it halfway from the forest to the cooking fire when the first one noticed them and raised a cry of alarm.  Several braves rushed to confront them with spears at the ready.  They stopped and Ian spoke in the Iroquois tongue.  “Greetings Shawnee people.  I’m Night Stalker and this is my woman.  We are of the Seneca people of Tall Elk.  I bring venison for you” he said as he easily slid the deer carcass off of his shoulders and tossed it some thirty feet as if it was an apple instead of a full-grown buck.  Lowering his voice to barely above a whisper he said in English “Moon Owl, you watch our backs now and when I say ‘eyes’ you make your eyes glow.”
“You’re the demon who made war on us” said one as he raised his spear.
 Ian said “You’re one of them who stole our women and children and murdered our people.  I took back what you stole.  Even though you’re thieves and murderers, I treat you now as friends.”
“We’re not friends with white men, or with the Seneca.  And you’re not Seneca.”
“I am the adopted son of Tall Elk.  We live among them near the great waterfall of the Niagara.  I want nothing from your village except to know where the rest of our women and children have been taken.”
“You have made a long journey just to die, demon.”
“Enough talk then.  If you tell us where the others have been taken, we’ll depart in peace.  If you don’t, I’ll kill you first and then we’ll kill more of you until you tell me where they are.”
The brave shouted and threw his spear directly at Ian’s chest then, and Ian simply reached out and caught it.  Then he reversed it in an eye-blurring motion and threw it, piercing the chest of that brave with such force that the spear went clear through him and stuck in a tree trunk some sixty feet beyond.  The people all shouted at once upon seeing that, and the brave looked astonished as his legs buckled and he fell down, blood dribbling from his mouth as his lungs filled.
There was a great collective cry then as many braves leaped forward, tomahawks and spears raised.  Ian said “eyes, Moon Owl” as she and he both drew their swords at vampire speed and rocketed into their midst, decapitating six of them in violent vision-blurring movements.  They stopped then, back to back with eyes glowing fiercely, swords poised to strike again.
There was a great cry then as the people all fell back away from them.  Ian spoke again saying “How many must die before you believe?  Are the Shawnee that stupid?  The Mohawk have learned better.”
A loud voice cried out then saying “Stop!”  A dignified but shaken man of some sixty years walked out of the midst of them saying “Hold your wrath, Night Stalker.”  As he approached, the sound of women and children wailing in grief and terror rose to a crescendo.  Turning around he shouted “Silence!”  The sounds of grieving then lessened and he turned again to face them.
“The village you seek is two days toward the setting sun, near where two rivers make one.”
“Do you tell the truth or must we return when we find no village there?”
“I speak the truth.”
“If we have to return not one brave here will live to tell of it.”
“I speak the truth.”
Ian nodded, saying “You might have bartered for some young women to be wives for your braves, but you killed and stole instead.  The bitter fruit of this night is your reward.  We leave you now in peace.  Never make war against the Seneca again lest we hear of it and return.”
They both sheathed their swords in a blur of motion and the two of them rocketed out of the camp at vampire speed, accompanied by another great cry of fear from the people.

Chapter 86
Cosette and Priscilla rocketed along the road to Setauket in the darkness.  Twice they detoured away from it when they detected a British patrol.  She had asked if she could tag along and Cosette had been glad to have the company.  When Townsend had approached her at the Green Dragon Tavern, he had emphasized the importance of the packet he later passed to her.  Whatever it was, it was important and she would get it to Abraham Woodhull this night.
As usual she knocked softly at his door sometime around two o’clock in the morning and as usual, he answered with a pistol trained on her until he saw who it was.  She said “Good morning Mr. Culper.  355 here with a package from Mr. Culper Jr.  It is quite urgent.”
“Very well, Cosette.  I’ll handle it somehow.  We have a problem.”
“What is it?”
“I have no one to take it today.”
“I’ll take it across myself.”
“That is a large body of water to cross.  I have experienced sailors who do that for us.  I can’t let you do it.”
“I’m not afraid, sir.  There is a fair southerly wind tonight.  Get me a dory fitted with a sail and I’ll take it there.  I can return when the wind allows.”
Woodhull paced the floor a bit, wanting to open the package, but knowing that it was dangerous to their cause for them to even know what the contents of any communique said.  He’d only been allowed to open a part of the first one that Cosette brought him in order to verify her.
“All right.  I’ll send word to Culper Jr. that you took it across instead of our men here.  They’re all being watched by British even now and can’t make a move for us.  If he thinks it merits a duplicate, he can send it again.”
“I’ll need a compass and a heading.”
What about your string of horses?”
Caught by surprise, Cosette smoothly lied, saying “I have pastured them some eight miles south of here and I stayed off the road from there onward.  I thought British dragoons might be ahead.  Anyway, they’ll be fine there.  We’d better get going now.  I don’t want to be out on the sound when the sun rises if possible.  The Brits might want to haul me aboard one of their patrol frigates and ask why I’m out there” she said as she thought we vampires don’t like open water in small vessels on sunny days.
The two departed in the darkness then, and Priscilla who was outside listening intently knew what was happening.  Handing Cosette his compass, he said “The heading would be three four zero if it was calm, but with this southwesterly wind, you will want to bear three zero zero.  Your goal is ten miles west of Bridgeport at the shore itself.  A mounted rider with his own number will meet you.  If he’s not there, you must try to find him or stay concealed until you see him looking for you.”
In minutes Cosette had bid him farewell and had cast off, heading across the sound.  Not more than two minutes after she had cast off, a figure approached her in the water, swimming as fast as a dolphin.  Cosette heard the approach and saw Priscilla reaching up toward the gunwale to clamber aboard.  She was up and in like a flash, laughing as she said “I’ve never sailed before, Cosette.”
“You won’t like it if the sun rises and we’re still on open water.  I can take it, but I don’t know if you can.  Can you be absent long enough if we have to return through Connecticut by land?”
“Yes.  Three days.
“All right then.  I’m glad for the company.”
“What do you think is so important that they’d take a chance like this?”
“I don’t know.  I only get the ones that need to get here fast.  There is another who carries the bulk of the packages.”
In fact, what neither Cosette nor Priscilla knew was that they were carrying details of a plot to capture General George Washington himself.

Chapter 87
Ian and Moon Owl had come to where the two rivers met and now were proceeding more slowly, knowing that the Shawnee village was somewhere in the vicinity.  Eventually they caught the faintest scent of smoke and began to follow that to its source.  The village was in a large level place alongside of the river itself and the two kept approaching it from downwind to be certain that if dogs were present, they wouldn’t catch their scent.  They both cached their rucksacks and hats in the bushy foliage of a low growing tree near the river so as not to be so easily noticed as intruders in the darkness.  Each took one flask and drained it quickly for energy.
Silently climbing a tree they looked out over the scene, trying to see where the captives might be in the darkness.  There were no sentries as the people felt secure, being deep inside of their tribal lands.  Ian whispered “We’ll have to go straight into the place now and search.  It’ll be slow.”
Silently they both bounded out of the treetop and glided like two shadows toward the village.  They glided past the back of a longhouse to a large central cooking fire that had burned down to a sizable pile of glowing coals and approached another long house, one of nine.  Ian whispered “You go in and search this one, and I’ll take the next.  We’ll meet back here.  Look for a group who might be bound.  If we’re lucky they’ll still be all together.”
The two of them then searched through the first two longhouses and met some ten minutes later and then split up again to try two more of them.  Ian glided silently through the place, stopping only now and then to peer intently at larger groups of people.  In each longhouse there was a central hole in the roof for smoke to escape from the fire.  It being well past midnight, the fires in each of the longhouses were well burnt down to only glowing embers and provided only dim light in the gloomy interior.  Again they came out and met having not seen them.  This was repeated until they approached the last two longhouses.
Moon Owl glided silently into one and shortly after entering she was startled to see a brave stand up and start her way in the dim light.  He didn’t seem alarmed so she feigned being one of them and just lay down among a small group where she had been standing.  The brave passed her by and went outdoors to go and relieve himself.  As quickly as he’d gone out of the door, she was up and immediately she noticed a gap of some twenty feet or more between the others and one group at the very back of the longhouse.
Gliding closer she saw that there were nine women and two little girls all bound.  Quickly she moved among them and lay down near them, posing as if she was bound and watching the door for the brave to return.
Soon enough he did and went straight to his place after looking in her direction.  She waited a bit and then she clamped her hand over the mouth of one of the women and whispered to her “We’re here to free you.  Be silent.”  Then she cut her bonds and moved to the next one.  It took several minutes to free them and until she did, she couldn’t even look to see if she could try to cut a way out of the place.  She saw a place that looked promising so she began to quietly work at it, cutting the elm bark and rawhide ties to see if a hole might be made.
As she worked she was startled to see a hand come through the little hole and wave at her.  She wriggled her way to where she could put her ear to the hole and Ian urgently whispered “Stop that!  They’ll hear you.  I’m going to make a distraction on the other side of the village and then you can make all of the noise you want.  Say ‘yes’ if you understand.”
“Yes” she whispered.
Ian glided away and found his way to the rear of the furthest long house from the one where the captives were and in under a minute had taken a pot near the fire and dumped its contents, using a stick to rake a sizable amount of hot coals into the thing.  Soon enough he had a fire started at the rear of the longhouse, and had added some tinder to it.  He silently glided back to the one where Moon Owl and the captives waited and whispered through the hole to her.  She put her hand through it and he kissed it and whispered “Be ready now.  As soon as the hollering starts, I’ll cut a big hole here.”
He had no sooner said that than they all heard a cry of “Fire!  Fire!” quickly other voices began to cry ‘fire’ too and those in the long houses awakened and began to run to their doors.
Moon Owl watched intently from her place as the people nearly to a man ran out the door and she said in a low voice “Now, Ian!”
He took his sword and put it through the hole and lifted mightily, holding the blade at an angle, ripping the wall as he pulled and sawed through the rawhide and bark.  After getting a slot some three feet tall, he sheathed his sword and grabbing one side of the opening he ripped it back away from the other as Moon Owl did the same with the other side.  The little girls came through first and then the women began to come through one by one.
The whole camp was in an uproar by now and the braves and women both were carrying vessels back and forth from the river to try to extinguish the blaze.  A brave came running back into the longhouse to wake any stragglers and roust them to help.  His eyes met those of Moon Owls and she instantly made them glow brightly.  He was stunned for just a second to see a demon with glowing eyes taking the captives through the hole and before he could raise the alarm, she had unsheathed her sword and rocketed some forty feet in the blink of an eye decapitating him.  The Shawnee women and children screamed and ran out of the door in a panic as Moon Owl vanished through the hole in the wall.
She and Ian each picked up one of the two little girls and he said to the women “Follow us now or die!”  They ran to the darkness of the forest then and went for some four hundred feet before veering off to the north for the river.  Ian and Moon Owl leaped the river with the children and setting them down on the far bank they leaped across and took two of the women and did that again.  By then the others had entered the water and swam across.
Picking up the two little girls, the two led the women to the north around a quarter mile before stopping near a rock outcropping some thirty feet tall.  Ian rocketed back to the village and bounded over the river downstream from the place, rocketing to the low tree where he had cached his and Moon Owl’s hats and rucksacks.  Retrieving those he paused to look at the pandemonium in the village.  By now the blazing longhouse was lighting up the scene and the people had scattered away from it, and were standing around in groups while watching it burn, but even now there was a general alarm as more braves listened to the hysterical women who were trying to drag them to the longhouse where they’d seen a demon kill a brave.  Ian stood behind the tree, deciding what to do and making up his mind.  He bounded away, leaping the river and rocketing off to the north toward Moon Owl and the captives.  “You stay with them here.  I’m going back there to discourage any of them from following us.”  Leaving their hats and rucksacks there he rocketed away to the village.
Circling the burning longhouse he had an idea and when he found an end where no one was standing he rocketed toward it and leaping high he came down in the middle of the flames and immediately jumped out of them in a single bound landing right in front of the greatest number of the braves with his eyes glowing.  To most at that moment it appeared as if he had literally materialized from the burning structure itself and a great cry of fear arose from all as they shrank back in terror.  The few who thought they saw him bound in and then out of the flames were as terrified of the sight of him as anyone else, but the majority of them were convinced at that moment that he had indeed materialized from the inferno itself.
His eyes blazing Ian shouted in the Iroquois tongue “I am Night Stalker of the Seneca.  I’ve come to take back our people.  We leave you in peace tonight, but if you follow us, we’ll kill you.”  He whirled then and bounded back into the inferno and then bounded back out the other side of it where he’d entered.  A great cry went up then, as to most it appeared as if he might have jumped back into the blazing long house itself and just disappeared.  The few who did see him running out of the fire saw him heading southward into the forest, away from the river.
Within only a few minutes after that he had circled back to rejoin Moon Owl and the others.  Organizing them into a column he led them northward slowly through the night, Moon Owl trailing to listen and watch for pursuit.  Ian and she each carried one of the little girls.  They walked nearly a half mile before leaving the noise of the confused villagers behind them.

Chapter 88
It was evening in Paris and the family all sat in the opulent parlor of the Laforge suite on the Champs Elysees as Celeste began.  “Ian’s now in Pennsylvania and has just now rescued some of the Seneca women and children who were carried away..  James and Melissa are now with Cosette in New York City and have leased a house.  They’ll help her to watch the coven there that Yvonne started.  Stuart’s still working at the Millhouse Tool Company in New York City and the two of them are still living with the Millhouses.”
“Is there any chance that Ian will come to New York” asked Aimee.
Marie said “Cosette left a note in James and Melissa’s home that she was alive and waiting in New York at the Millhouse home.”
Henri said “If he goes to Boston, he’ll surely find that note.  Didn’t we hear that he goes there to get James before they report to wherever the American Army is spending the winter each year?”
“Yes.  That’s been his habit.”
“Oh good” said Aimee, as Jennifer put an arm around her and gave her a kiss.  “He’ll finally find her then!  Oh this is such good news, everybody!”  Several of them nodded agreement and several positive comments were made then as Marie caught Celeste’s eye and each gave the other a meaningful look.
Sophia caught that look between the two and wondered about it thinking there is more to this than they’re telling us.  What could it be?
Henri said “We now have wanted posters all over Paris and Marseille seeking one Arnaud Moreau for sedition.  He won’t dare try to establish another coven very soon now.”
Li said “So we can expect him to show up either at the Marquis de Sade’s home or in London at Miles Edwards’ home?”
“Correct.  And that’s why we’re going to Lacoste soon.”
“You think he’ll go to the Marquis now?”
“No.  But if he does, don’t we all want to have someone there to catch him?”
Heads nodded as eyes glowed, and Henri continued saying “Aimee, I know that I told you this but I wanted to say it in front of everyone here.  Marie and I are very proud of you and how you took care of the children in Marseille and how well you pretended to be human while those others were here.”
Aimee beamed then as Jennifer laughed and pulled her close, kissing her.  Sophia noticed Marie seemed detached and wondered yet again what was bothering her.
Marie sat thinking when Ian finally goes to New York City it will only be the beginning of sorrows.
***
Cosette and Priscilla ran at a ground-eating pace and were in southwestern Connecticut by the following evening.  During the night the two bathed and hunted.  They’d made their way west to the Hudson valley north of Manhattan by the next morning.  Approaching the river, Cosette stopped them, seeing a British war sloop anchored there.  She peered closely at it and saw the name HMS Vulture painted on its bow.  Turning to Priscilla, she said “Something’s amiss here.  That ship is vulnerable sitting here in patriot territory.  Let’s prowl around and see what we can learn.”
Within an hour, the two had been on both sides of the river twice and had seen no one about.  Cosette thought about the enigmatic circumstance of a British war ship being this deep in American territory and finally she said “This ship must have brought some British here for some sort of espionage.  We need to report this.  I’m going upriver toward Tarrytown.  You go south toward Manhattan and see if you can find any militia or American regulars about.  If you do, tell them what’s here.  We’ll meet back here late today, say at sundown.”
“Mightn’t we attack the ship ourselves?  We could swim to it and take those on deck quickly enough.”
Staring out at the ship Cosette said “We could, but this might be some of the British deserting to our side.  Best if we get the American Army involved.  I will see you here this evening.”  Turning she ran to the north as Priscilla ran to the south, both paralleling the Hudson valley road.
Cosette had come some six miles upriver when she spied two men talking.  One had the uniform of an American officer and the other wore a British officer’s uniform.  She strained her hearing and twice heard the names ‘Andre’ and ‘Arnold’ as the two talked.  They left that area then and went toward a small town which Cosette learned was West Haverstrom where the two entered a house near sundown.
She rocketed away to the south and was back at the war sloop a bit after sundown.  After hunting nearby and getting two rabbits, she drained and refilled two of her flasks and settled down to wait for Priscilla.
A half hour later, Priscilla arrived, coming to the brushy place where Cosette waited when she hissed at her.  The two exchanged information and Cosette learned that Priscilla had found some American regulars and had told them about the war sloop.  They’d been quite excited and quickly had sent word to a Colonel James Livingston.  
“Well, Prissy; we can do no more good here.  You’d better be getting back to New York City now.  Just follow the river to Manhattan.  Where it divides, just bear east, toward your left.  I’m going back upriver to watch that house where those two went.  Something’s amiss here and I’m curious.”
“I want to stay, but you’re right.  I’ll go” she said as she came and hugged her.  “Goodbye.”
“Goodbye, Prissy.  Be safe and keep your wits about you.”
***
Early the next morning Cosette saw the same two men talking and walking about.  Suddenly came the sound of cannon booming to the south of them, off in the distance.  Cosette was sure that the Americans had come to fire on the war sloop.  Whatever the case, the two men looked agitated and both went inside for some fifteen minutes.  The two emerged again, but this time the British officer was wearing ordinary clothing.  The two shook hands then and he departed on the road south to Tarrytown.  Cosette figured that the officer knew that his transportation wasn’t waiting for him at the river and hoped to make it back to New York City in disguise.  Still, it could be that he was a defector and acting as a double agent just like Priscilla was.  She decided to run ahead of him and alert any militia or American regulars she might see.
As she neared Tarrytown she spied three men armed with muskets walking north toward her.  Walking up to the three she introduced herself and related what she’d seen.  Enthusiastically the three listened to her information.  The one who seemed to the better educated of the three identified himself as John Paulding and wanted her to stay and identify the man.  It was clear that they might even try to take her into custody if she refused, so she agreed to remain in hiding nearby with Paulding to watch for the man.
The two had no more gotten hidden than the British officer came riding into the outskirts of Tarrytown, heading for the Hudson valley road to go south.  The other two of Paulding’s companions stopped him and had him dismount.  Paulding and Cosette both walked out of the bushes alongside the road and approached the man who had identified himself as John Anderson.  After talking to him a bit, Paulding turned to Cosette and asked her if she knew this John Anderson.
“I don’t.  I only heard the names ‘Arnold’ and ‘Andre’ mentioned, and I took it to be that this one was Mr. Andre and the other one was Mr. Arnold.”  The three then searched the man and his saddlebags.  Finally Paulding had the man remove his boots and there were several sheets of paper with drawings of West point and all of the cannon placements and the size of the garrison as well as information on supplies on hand.  The man was arrested and taken to the Continental Army headquarters near Tappan.
The three had thanked Cosette and she had departed, not knowing that the ‘Arnold’ she had seen this one talking to was none other than General Benedict Arnold and that the plans they had found in the man’s boot was Arnold’s attempt to extract payment from the British in exchange for information on how to attack and take the vital river fort of West Point on the Hudson.  If the British had ever gotten the word that the place had been allowed to run down to where it could be easily taken, the American Army might well have lost West Point, and control of the northern Hudson valley.
General Washington himself had just gone to West Point and was incensed to find that Arnold wasn’t there and appalled at the state of things.  By the next day after that he had heard what had happened and an arrest warrant was issued for Arnold.  He barely escaped to New York City in time to avoid being hanged as a traitor.  The one they did catch was later hung as a spy being as he was out of uniform and in possession of incriminating evidence.

Chapter 89
Ian and Moon Owl had made it to where he’d built the log bridge across the ravine and the two decided to camp in exactly the same place as they had with the other captives.  Ian had seen where a party of undetermined size had passed south recently and took it to be the Seneca war party going toward the Shawnee village.  The two decided to keep heading north into Seneca country the next day and continue on until they got the captives home safely.
It was a peaceful night and Ian relaxed somewhat now knowing that a Seneca war party was between his group and the Shawnee.  He and Moon Owl caught fish and rabbit for the captives.  The two got into a routine of kissing the two little girls after they were rolled up in their shared blanket for the night.  The women watched this nightly ritual with great curiosity, and they had seen that at times Moon Owl would kiss Ian or that as times he would smile at her and kiss her after they talked about something.  At other times one would speak and approach the other and they would smile and hug each other which was a very curious thing to the women.
Most of the days the two little girls were either riding on Moon Owl’s or on Ian’s shoulders.  The group had traveled steadily with little time for stopping during the daylight hours up to now.  From here on, Ian thought to relax the rigorous discipline and allow more time for resting along the way.
During the night, he and Moon Owl had gone out to reconnoiter the area three times just to be certain that no hostiles were approaching their camp.  The two always made a habit of hunting and bathing during the night when the others were asleep wherever they were camped.  The group was in high spirits and always did as asked without complaint, knowing that they’d been rescued against all odds and were going home made them a happy group, easy to manage.
Some two weeks later Ian led the tired group into the Seneca village that was their home.  Two thirds of the braves who were still alive had gone looking for them and had not returned yet.  It was a tearful but joyous reunion and the village celebrated that night.  The Sachem invited Ian to sit at the fire on his right hand at the council.
“I am honored to sit at the council fire of the Seneca, but I cannot.”
“Why can Night Stalker not sit at our fire?”
“My wife killed four Shawnee braves herself and it was her who went into their long house and cut the bonds of your women while their braves slept next to them.  I will sit at your council fire if she can sit with us.  Otherwise, we leave tonight.”
The Sachem sat impassively then, looking from one to the other of the elders.  Five of the seven nodded and he spoke then “The wife of Night Stalker is welcome at the council fire.”
Ian and Moon Owl both came to the head of the circle and there the two of them drew their swords and placed them on the ground in front of where they sat, a gesture of peace.  The Sachem then looked at Moon Owl and Ian intently, saying “Never have I seen two like you.  May I hold the sword of Moon Owl?”
She looked gravely at him and nodded so he picked it up and hefted it, passing it to the others who also hefted it and examined it closely.  They were impressed that a woman could wield a heavy steel weapon such as that and none had ever seen a short sword before.  The Sachem then said “How did Moon Owl take the lives of the four Shawnees?”
She spoke then saying “Like my husband, I took their heads.”  There were some muttered comments then and nodding of heads as one elder said “I wish that I was young again and could have been there to see that!” and the others nodded agreement.  It was a pleasant and at the same time humbling experience for Moon Owl.  Never in her wildest dreams had she ever thought that she’d sit at a council fire with the council members themselves.
The pipe was smoked and Moon Owl smoked it too which was a thing that was unheard of.  Later the drums and flutes were brought out and the village lifted their voices in song until late into the night.  Roast venison was brought and porridge made of native corn, hickory nuts, walnuts, and rabbit meat.  The entire tribe was more than curious as both Ian and Moon Owl used their copper bowls and spoons to eat their portion.
The next morning they made ready to depart and all of the young women and the six little girls came to say goodbye to them.  Ian and Moon Owl embraced each one and they got down on their knees to embrace the little ones.  Several of the women kissed both of them and the children did too, much to the surprise of the villagers, being that kissing was a thing unheard of among them.
The Sachem agreed to send a messenger to the village of Tall Elk to inform them that the captives had returned and that Moon Owl and Night Stalker had gone south for the winter.
It being late in the fall of the year, the two decided to just go toward Valley Forge by way of Morristown New Jersey to get their wagon, oxen, and tent.  They hoped that James and Melissa would join them again to hunt meat for the army.
***
Sheriff’s deputy Lucas Ross stood looking at the body lying behind a livery stable.  He had been sent for only two hours after it had been found with instructions from the sheriff himself not to move it until Ross had seen it.
There was the same circular bite mark directly on the Carotid Artery as he had seen a few years earlier near the Millhouse home.  His report to the sheriff on that one had been duly filed and largely forgotten what with the British invasion of New York City until this one had been found.
As he stood there looking down at the victim, a muscular young man around twenty five years old, he thought a human mouth made that wound no doubt, just as it did the other one.  There can be very little blood remaining in that body.  Look at him, whiter than even a corpse could be.  The coroner told me that the other one hardly bled when opened up.  How did a human mouth pierce the skin and artery so accurately and look at how the man’s clothes are barely disturbed!  It is as if he was held so tightly that he couldn’t even struggle.  I may have to have a talk with Cosette and Stuart about this the next time I see Laura if not sooner.  No, I won’t make a trip just to do that.  Laura might take it that I suspect them in some way.  But then I do suspect them, just not as killers.  I just know that they know something about this that they didn’t share with me.  What is it?  And what is it about Cosette?  There is some quality, something unique about her that I just can’t put my finger on.
***
Marie came to the children’s room, finding Liri and Celeste with them and Aimee reading them all a testimony from the Bible.  She walked to the two children and kissed them both, sitting down on a sofa nearby.
Finishing the reading, Aimee kissed the two and closed the book as Marie asked Celeste if she knew if Ian had made it to Boston yet.
“No.  He’s going to go straight to Valley Forge.  I feel that he thinks James and Melissa will meet him there.  He has been on a rescue mission helping to get some people back that another tribe kidnapped.  It took so long and went so far south that he is just not going to bother to go to Boston this time.”
“Well then, he can’t find Cosette’s note so he can’t learn that she is there looking for him.”
“I’m afraid that’s so.  James and Melissa went to New York City with Cosette.
“This is so frustrating!  Now it will be springtime before Ian might return to Boston and find her note.”
Liri spoke then saying “Poor Cosette!  This has been such an ordeal for her.  She has been over there now for what, four years, no… five?  And she is no closer to finding him than when she got there.”
Marie looked at Celeste and both shook their heads as both of them thought and when she does find him, her heart will be broken.
***
June Stedman sat in their parlor, talking to her husband.  ”Why do you want to go on a mission like that alone?  We have our coven here to look after and even though I didn’t ask to be a vampire, I like it and so do you.  I just don’t understand your obsession, Lester.”
“We’re loyalists, June.  Our first duty is to our King.  Think about the blow we could strike for the crown with this one act!  I just know that I can do it.  What human or even a large number of them could stop one of us who is determined?  Their eyes can barely see our movements when we move as quickly as we can.  At night we have an even greater advantage being as we see so much better than they do.  I tell you, this will work and we will be welcome in the palace itself when it is learned what we have done.”
“I suspect that Yvonne will be quite upset.  She is adamant about the facts of our existence remaining hidden from the humans.”
“Let her be upset.  We have allowed them to live here on our estate.  Shall we ask permission for everything we do?”
“She will tell Grundy and he is one to be wary of, Lester.”
“All the more reason for you to come with me.  Can they kill both of us?  No.  Who would deal with humans all around us who know us and who know that we live here?  She would be violating her own rules about not allowing humans to learn about us if suddenly both of us vanished.  It would be but a little time and humans including some military figures would want to know where we were.  No, they won’t kill us.  In fact, Grundy himself will like what I am going to do.  After all, was he not a British officer himself?  I tell you, he’ll support my decision to assassinate George Washington.”

Chapter 90
Ian and Moon Owl had retrieved their tent, accessories, wagon, and oxen and had gone to Valley Forge and set themselves up.  This time they located themselves to the west of the camp, just inside of where the pickets were stationed.  They settled into the routine of hunting and field dressing all manner of game for the army and the days slipped by without a sign of Melissa and James.
Ian shared James’ idea of buying a bigger house with Moon Owl and the two had finally come to the conclusion that they may have already bought another home and were getting settled in it.
Game was plentiful being that it was early winter and Darren Roberts and his hunters were having good luck beyond the south end of the camp this year so Ian was asked to take a dispatch from General Washington to the congress.  The end of the year was always a time of tension for Washington as many enlistments expired then and he wanted to always be current on all things pertinent to supplies and pay whenever that time approached.  Desertions overall were down somewhat this past year, but the harshness of winter always was a time when they were the highest.
He took a sealed package from Washington’s adjutant to the Congress at Philadelphia and said hello to John Hancock, Sam Adams, and John Adams while he was there.  Hancock introduced him to young Thomas Jefferson while he was at Independence Hall that day and he had to wait for a while before a sealed package was ready for him to take back.  Hancock explained that Jefferson and Adams had butted heads regarding the role of the central government in relation to the states, Jefferson coming down more on the side of the individual states having more autonomy in the new government that would be formed.  This had caused the two to become political rivals and it was well known that Washington and Jefferson didn’t even speak to each other, being that Washington like Adams was a federalist.
It was dusk when he arrived at the camp at Valley Forge and he delivered his package to one of the adjutants there, a young officer named Alexander Hamilton.  Hamilton remembered Ian from the battle of Trenton when he’d carried a wounded young lieutenant named James Monroe to his artillery battery for medical attention.  They talked a bit then about different things that had happened in the war and Hamilton mentioned that he’d read a general letter from Benjamin Franklin.  It said Ian had put Franklin in touch with a man in France who had helped in convincing King Louis to formally enter the war.
Hamilton was most curious about how a hunter who was not even signed up for duty with the Continental Army had a contact in France with that kind of influence.  Ian told him a brief version of how it was that he’d been sent here to start a bank and Hamilton was keenly interested in that, extracting a promise from Ian to talk further about the subject.  He was a most ardent student of banking and banking methods and practices.
Having parted company with Hamilton, Ian was about to go toward his tent when he heard his name being called.  Turning about he saw Darren Roberts coming toward him.  Little did he know that this and his short conversation with Hamilton were both seemingly insignificant events that would have a far-reaching effect.
The two men caught up on what they’d been doing and Ian shared a heavily modified version of his involvement in getting the Seneca captives freed from the Shawnees.
Darren had met a lady who lived near Philadelphia who was a young widow and he had fallen in love with her.  He shared his hope of building a home for both of them after the war ended and wanted to show Ian some land he hoped to buy one day to make that dream come true.  The two parted then and Ian again turned to go west through the camp to his tent.  He was passing through the area where the officers tethered their mounts, being a crude ten-stall lean-to stable of sorts near to the center of camp.  It was not three hundred feet from Washington’s quarters and as he approached the area it was quite a bit darker than the general camp itself.  No campfires were allowed nearby for fear of drifting sparks starting a stable fire.
A tall officer approached on horseback as Ian approached the lean-to when he suddenly felt an icy prickling feeling at the base of his neck that chilled him to his inner being.  A vampire was looking at him and it surely was no one who he knew.
Shrugging off his ruck sack instantly Ian realized that the tall rider was General Washington himself, even as he frantically looked about to find the vampire.  In fact Washington had decided to just leave his horse at the stable himself and enjoy the luxury of a short walk to his tent rather than hand his mount off to an aide for stabling.
A figure rocketed out of the gloomy interior of the stable heading straight for Washington and without even realizing it, Ian reacted.  Taking a running leap and meeting the hurtling shape in midair himself, Ian collided with the vampire and the two landed in a rolling heap behind Washington.  Ian shouted “General, get away from here now!”  The vampire rolled to his feet, eyes glowing as Washington spurred his mount and galloped away.  Ian was between Washington and the vampire so he advanced like lightning toward Ian with his saber drawn.  Ian drew his hunting knife in a blur of motion and flung it backhand at the vampire, burying the knife to its hilt in his right shoulder.  With a roar of pain and rage the vampire advanced on Ian, eyes glowing and his saber drawn back to deliver a mortal bow.  Ian waited until the last possible instant to dodge the slashing saber, and immediately he darted in to close with the vampire before he could draw back for another strike.
Grasping his sword arm in a grip of iron Ian continued his momentum forward, driving a shoulder into the chest of his opponent and throwing a leg behind the legs of the assassin, bearing him down.  As they fell, Ian gave a mighty thrust with his legs, propelling them both into a rolling tangle and as Ian’s turn to be on top came up, he doubled up into a tight ball while still holding on to the vampire’s sword arm.  Then he drove his knees into his opponent’s stomach as hard as he could as he stood up, both feet on the vampire as he twisted his sword arm violently.  This was a technique that his friend Li Hong had taught him over ten years ago, and the two had practiced it often in those days.  There was a snapping sound as the vampire’s forearm was broken and he gave a roar of pain.  While still holding on to the mangled arm Ian began to stomp his right foot repeatedly on the vampire’s face, shattering his nose, jaw and larynx as the saber dropped to the ground.
His peripheral vision detected a shadow moving rapidly toward him even as the icy prickling feeling grew stronger, so he began to drop and spin away even as a sharp pain burned his shoulder.  Another vampire, eyes glowing and wielding a saber had attacked.  Owing to Ian dropping and spinning away the blow struck against him was a glancing one, not doing a lot of damage.  Ian stopped his spin and recoiled toward the new attacker unleashing a powerful side kick, catching her squarely in the chest and lifting her as all of the air in her lungs came out in a whooshing sound.  She was driven up and back some thirty feet to land on her back, her saber flying from her grasp as she cried out in pain.
Ian whirled just in time to see the first vampire on his feet and reaching for his sabre.  Without thinking about it, Ian dove toward him, bowling him over.  Ripping his knife from the vampire’s shoulder, he drove it through his left eye and into his brain.  As he thrashed violently about on the ground, Ian snatched up the saber and decapitated him.
The other one was nowhere to be seen and Ian heard men shouting near Washington’s quarters.  By now soldiers approached and Ian shouted and pointed east toward Washington’s tent “An assassin!  He ran that way, toward Washington’s tent!”  The soldiers reversed themselves and all ran toward the headquarters area.  Torn between wanting to pursue the other vampire and fearing for a vampire corpse lying there to fall into human hands, he regretfully gave up on pursuing the other one.
Bounding into the stables he grabbed two horse blankets and at vampire speed wrapped the headless corpse and the head and threw them into a cart made for hauling fodder.  Quickly adding his rucksack and the two sabers he tossed hay atop the grisly cargo and pushed the cart away at vampire speed until he reached the areas more well-lighted by campfires.  Soldiers carrying muskets ran past him toward the stables and the officer’s tents as he kept pushing the cart toward the west.  He looked as if he was only someone carrying soiled straw and manure out of the camp.  In around fifteen minutes he was at the edge of the camp and soon after he came to his tent.
At the tent flap he called softly “Moon Owl.  Come help me.”
She came to him, knowing by the tone of his voice that something was wrong.
“Quickly!  I killed a vampire and we have to take him away from here now!”  Shortly the two of them were rocketing to the west, each carrying a grisly burden.  Some twelve miles distant they came across a rocky escarpment overlooking a wooded ravine.  There were no homes within sight of the place or nearby so they left the remains in the middle of the bare rocky area to burn up at sunrise.
“We’d best get back as quickly as possible lest someone come by and discover us both gone.”  In minutes they were at their tent and Moon Owl quickly ducked inside, fixing both of a small portion of the stew staying hot on the stove while Ian took the cart away from the area.  In fact some ten minutes after that, Darren Roberts came to the tent flap and identified himself.
Inviting him into the warm tent, Ian and Moon Owl pretended surprise at the news as he excitedly told of the attempted assassination attempt.  Ian questioned him somewhat, acting surprised that such a bold thing would be attempted.  They offered some of their stew, so he thanked them and filled a bowl and sat down to eat.
Ian said they thought they heard something going on in camp, but figured it was just a brawl between two soldiers.  Even now there was the sound of a lot of men moving about and orders being shouted as the search widened.  Some twenty minutes later a platoon of soldiers came to the tent flap and one of them called out.  Moon Owl opened the flap and a sergeant came inside and related the event, asking if they’d seen or heard anyone who might be the assassin.
All looked wide-eyed at him and Roberts offered that he’d just come to the tent and had himself just told the McClouds what had happened.  The young sergeant departed and they could hear the platoon move on to return to the camp and start searching another row of tents.
Later after Darren left, Ian gave the details to Moon Owl who then asked “What does this mean?”
“I don’t know, but we’re not the only vampires in the new world anymore.  There is a coven of them somewhere now, and they’ll soon know that they failed to get Washington.”
Looking earnestly at him she said “They’re soon going to know that they lost a vampire tonight and that at least one is here with Washington too.”

Chapter 91
Cosette came to the foyer following the butler, an inquisitive look on her face as she smiled saying “Good morning, Lucas.  How can I help you?”
“Good morning, Cosette.  I came to beg a favor.”  She merely raised her eyebrows inquisitively so he continued “We’ve found another body and I wondered if you and Stuart would look at it.”
“Whatever for?”
“I…  I hoped you might… you know… you might remember something since the last time this happened.”
“Stuart’s taking Rebecca to the waterfront to buy fish this morning.  We could come by if you’ll tell me where the body is.  But I don’t know what we can tell you.”
“Our medical examiner looked at it and there was massive bruising about the torso, on the ribs on the back of the corpse.  It looked as if something had held the victim so tightly as to bruise him.  It was something quite strong because this was a large muscular young man.”
“Were there bite marks?”
“Yes.  They were identical to the other victim and there was hardly any blood in the victim either.”
“You have the expertise of a medical examiner, and yet you want our input?  Pray tell me why that is, sir.”
Stepping closer, he lowered his voice and said “I don’t in any way suspect either of you, Cosette.  I’ve heard of creatures… beings that… creatures that drink blood and are very strong.  I…  I saw you and Stuart looking at each other the last time you saw that man.  You know… the man we found near this house.”
“Mr. Ross, what are you trying to tell me?”
“I think that maybe a vampire is killing people in New York City.”
The grandfather clock ticked the seconds away as a crow outside called raucously while Cosette looked calmly at Lucas.  She said “Do you know what you sound like right now, Deputy Ross?”
“Please, Cosette.  Don’t be offended.  I…  I just have never seen anything like this and I hoped that maybe you and Stuart might have seen a similar thing before and maybe you… maybe you just don’t want to share that with… with anyone else if you know what I mean.”
“Deputy Ross, I wouldn’t be talking about this to anyone else if I was in your place.  People will think that you’re daft, and that can’t help the career of any lawman.  I’m not speaking for Stuart, but I’ll go with you to see this thing if you promise me something.”
“Yes, I’ll promise you if it’s something I can do.”
“Very well, Deputy Ross.  I really like the people in this house and I really like Laura Millhouse very much.  I think you do too.  So for her sake, I’ll look at the body and you’ll never speak of this again.  I don’t want her to be embarrassed by being connected to someone who may someday be publicly accused of being delusional.”
He stood then, looking at her as he thought I can keep that promise easily enough.  Who else can I even speak with about this?  “Very well, Cosette.  We have a bargain.”
***
June Stedman, Grundy, Yvonne, Stefan and Priscilla sat together in the parlor of the Stedman home.  “Lester is dead?  How’s that possible” asked Yvonne in shock.
June sobbed for a bit, her arms wrapped tightly about herself as she rocked to and fro “I tried to talk him out of it, but he wouldn’t listen.  He just had to do it and he was so certain that he could succeed and now he’s dead!  My God!  My husband is dead, all because you made us into vampires!”
She stood then, her tear-stained face twisted in anger as she said “My Lester would be alive today if not for you, Yvonne.  Why couldn’t you just have left us alone?  Why did we have to be a part of your precious coven?”
Priscilla came to her then and put her arms about her saying “Oh June!  I’m so sorry!  This is just terrible!”  She held her then as the woman sobbed uncontrollably.  After a bit she said “Yvonne warned us all not to do anything that would expose ourselves.  She did it for our own good, June.  There, there now.  Oh June… there, there now.  Lester just didn’t know that the Americans have vampires on their side too.  Why, he was trying to do the right thing for our gracious King.  He just didn’t have enough information before he acted.  I’m sure that Yvonne and the rest of us would have been glad to go with him and take Washington’s head had he only asked.  We have to bind ourselves together now and stay strong.  Isn’t that what Lester would want?”
“Oh, yes, June.  We all would have been glad to sit down and make a foolproof plan had we only known” said Yvonne, taking her cue from Priscilla.
Leading her to the sofa Priscilla said “June, if you can bear to, please sit here with me and tell us what went wrong, dear.”
June got herself under control and blew her nose several times, finally saying “We found the Army at Valley Forge, in Pennsylvania.  We had bought two big bags of produce in Philadelphia and carried them to Valley Forge.  It was easy to elude the pickets and we disguised ourselves as farmers bringing in produce to donate to the cause.  About dusk we had given our produce to the supply officer and we simply hid ourselves in a large lean-to that the rebels built for a stable.”
“So you were going to do what, kill him after dark?”
“Yes.  Lester and I both had sabers.  We were going to overpower the sentries and cut off his head.  We knew that the two of us could get through a few guards easily enough and we knew we could easily run away in the dark and that they couldn’t hope to catch us.”
“That sounds like it could work, and it would be a strong blow against the rebels for our king.” said Yvonne, looking directly at Priscilla, who nodded her approval.
“Oh my yes!” said Priscilla.  “What went wrong?”
“Washington came riding past the stable where we were hidden and Lester decided to just do it there.  We never thought we could get that close with no one standing between us as when we saw him riding past.”
“Why it sounds like Lester did the right thing, taking advantage of him being that close and unguarded I mean, doesn’t it Yvonne”
“What?  Oh yes, yes!  I would have done the same thing.  What went wrong, dear?”
“That damned vampire saw Lester when he went to jump Washington and he jumped and collided with Lester in midair.”
Yvonne became rigid and said “Another vampire?”
June said “Yes.  He was just outside of the stable.”
Stefan said “So he was armed too then?”
“No.  He only had a knife.  It… it was just… just unbelievable what happened.  He… he flung that knife so fast and I heard it hit poor Lester and he cried out.  That damned vampire dodged Lester’s saber easily and…and rushed him and bowled him over; and they rolled and suddenly this vampire came out on top, and broke poor Lester’s sword arm and then stomped his head to mush!  Oh it was awful!  I could hear the bones break and poor Lester screaming for the pain!”
“Oh June!  You don’t have to relive it.”
“No, I want to tell it.  Lester dropped his saber and… and I came and struck him… struck him across the shoulder.  I was aiming for his neck but he somehow knew I was coming up behind him!  That devil!  How could he know I was there?  He…he ducked down so fast, and I nearly missed him!  That vampire fought like a devil from hell!  I’ll never forget that… those pale blue eyes glowing at me!  Who could take a saber away from another vampire that easily and kill him?”
Yvonne gasped as she covered her mouth with one hand, her green eyes blazing hatred and surprise as she realized who June was describing.
Priscilla said “We saw Lester use a saber here.  He was excellent with one.”
“Yes.  My Lester was very skilled with a saber.  He was big and really strong, and yet this vampire took it away from him so fast I…  I didn’t dream that anyone could fight like that, even a vampire.  He is a devil I tell you… a devil!  He kicked me so hard that I flew through the air so far…  I…  I didn’t think I would ever come down and he broke some of my ribs too.  Oh Priscilla, it was just awful!  It hurt so badly!  I ran away as fast as I could, but I kept thinking he was going to catch me and kill me too!”
Priscilla hugged June and comforted her then, saying “What an ordeal!  Oh you poor thing!”  Looking at Yvonne, Priscilla saw that the shock and realization had changed to pure hatred as her eyes glowed brightly like two emeralds.  At that moment Yvonne was reliving the time years ago when Ian had kicked her clear across a large room to land in a fire and she remembered the pain of the broken sternum and ribs vividly.  Stefan sat rigidly next to her, eyes blazing as well.  Priscilla thought June saw Ian McCloud and Yvonne knows it!  That has to be it.  Look at them!
Grundy got to his feet, his eyes a blazing shade of topaz as he stalked toward the women, taking a seat nearer them as he, Stefan, and Yvonne stared at each other, eyes glowing brightly.

Chapter 92
The three walked down into the earth-covered cellar of the Barstow Ice Company storage area.  Ice from the smaller streams nearby was cut and harvested all winter long and stored below ground in piles of sawdust.  The temperature in the place stayed around forty degrees in the hottest part of the summer and now in November it was around twenty five degrees.  The Sheriff’s office of New York City had prevailed upon the good Mr. Barstow to allow them to store cadavers there from time to time when suspected crimes were being investigated.
Cosette followed Mr. Barstow and Deputy Ross through the narrow aisles between the cakes of Ice, now nearly gone having been used up in the warmer months by the meat and fishing industries.  Their feet crunched on the gravel path as steam came from their nostrils.  Cosette, remembering her earliest vampire training by Marie, made herself breathe rhythmically in order to appear to be human as they walked through the gloomy interior with three oil lamps.  They came to a place where there were good sized stacks of ice cakes covered in sawdust, and shortly the two men moved enough of it to slide a corpse out of the stack.  The body was covered with a sheet and its pants were still on as well, but the torso was bare.
Barstow and Ross stood aside as she bent near to look at his back, all of them holding their oil lamps near for light.  She nodded then and the two of them turned the body over and again she bent to peer at the corpse, looking intently at the neck wound.  Straightening, she looked at Ross and nodded, stepping back.  The two shoved the large plank with its body back into the stack of ice cakes and Mr. Barstow turned, walking away.
When he’d left the room, Cosette said “The bite marks look like they’re human, Deputy Ross.  And the bruising on his back is severe.  He looks like he was crushed and bitten on the throat, like you said.  Maybe both things didn’t happen at the same time though.”
“Those bruises suggest that it all happened at the same time.  They are where one man would grab and hold another in a bear-hug” he said, looking intently at her thinking come now, Cosette.  Open up and tell me what you know.  I just know that you know something about this…
She turned then and began to walk toward the entrance hatch, Deputy Ross following her.  They went up the steps then and she took her sun glasses hanging from her neck on a golden chain and put them on.  They walked to the carriage where Ross assisted her to climb in.  Standing there with the carriage door still open, he put one foot on the step and with both hands on sides of the door opening and said “So that’s all that you have to say about it, Cosette?  Really?”
She removed her sun glasses inside of the carriage then, her lovely gray eyes fastened on his and he suddenly felt as if she could look right through him.  “Shall I solve your crime for you, Deputy Ross?  Do I know the guilty party?”
“Now Cosette, I told you that you’re not a suspect, nor is anyone in the Millhouse residence.  But I can’t help but think that you have some insight concerning this affair.”
She turned and looked out the opposite window for a bit and then she sighed and turned to him, leaning toward him a bit she lowered her voice and said “You have no idea what you’re dealing with here, Deputy Ross.  I’ve come to regard the Millhouses and Rebecca Davis all as dear friends.  In fact Lucas, I like you too, truly.  For their sakes as well as your own, my advice concerning this affair is to drop it and stay as far from it as you can.”
Lowering his voice too he said “So you do have some… what… knowledge of this type of thing?”
Keeping her eyes riveted on his, she nodded slightly as she spoke in a barely audible voice “I know of people who have died just because they saw one of these creatures, and I know for a fact Lucas that many have died simply because they discovered that they do exist.  You, I, Rebecca, Stuart, and the Millhouses are even now in danger.  I’ve seen this happen before.  Your persistence in this matter will only make that danger greater.”  She straightened herself in her seat, saying  “I’ve lived up to my part of our bargain.”   Raising her voice she said “Driver, please take me to the fish market.” as she kept her unique eyes riveted on his.
Lucas stepped back, closing the carriage door and watched it clattering up the cobblestone street from the ice house, thinking you kept your part of our bargain Cosette, but how is it that you know so much about these… creatures?
***
Arnaud Moreau pulled up the collar of his greatcoat as he walked along the wharf at Amsterdam.  He spied the vessel he sought just ahead in the blowing snow, her name Greta Van der Slattenoever stood out in stark white lettering against the black of her hull.  The porter behind him spoke in Dutch saying “That is your ship sir.” as he pulled the cart with two goats behind him.
She was a cargo ship, making her last run for the season across the North Sea to Edinburg, and Moreau was grateful to have found a berth on her, even if he had been forced to pay quadruple the asking price for himself and his two goats.  Taking a berth on any ship sailing from French or Spanish waters was out of the question.  Not only was he wanted for sedition in France, but in Spain as well.  He had never been to Spain until he had tried to book passage there and had seen his picture everywhere at the first Spanish port he tried in San Sebastian.
So it was that he’d journeyed to the Dutch Netherlands, out of reach of the French and Spanish monarchies.  Here he had seen no wanted posters with his likeness on them and he’d counted himself as most fortunate.
As he made his way up the gangway he pondered the chain of events that had led him to this place.  Two large covens vanished without a trace and in two separate cities no less.  The King’s Gendarmes were not even interested in the fire that destroyed my building.  Not only that, but Henri Lafayette hasn’t been seen by my agents anywhere.  And now I’m wanted by the Crown of not one country but two?  The Marquis de Sade was right about one thing.  He would have no part of a tangle with the Lafayettes without a lot of evidence.  Now I know why!  No doubt this Lafayette is one of the vampire bigwigs that my dead brother mentioned.  I’m beginning to see why he always dreaded their discovery of his activities.  Damn him, damn the Lafayettes and damn my luck!
I wonder if I’ll find my picture everywhere in London as well?  It may be that I should have gone to the Swiss Confederation for the winter before the passes were closed by weather.  And now I learn that the one ship I can find in the Netherlands that is sailing for Great Britain is taking her last voyage for the year.  All others have stopped any service to Britain for the winter already.  What does that say for the weather that we’ll encounter?  Maybe I should have tried to swim across from Calais.  But what if a current caught me and I was out there still swimming after sunrise?  Maybe I should have brought three goats along to feed from.  Will Edwards want to put up more money to get this Henri Lafayette, or will he turn on me?  Damn Henri Lafayette and Ian McCloud!  I hope those two in America are having better luck with their mission than I’ve had with mine!
***
“Where do you think you’re going, Priscilla?”
“Oh, I was going to see if a certain home is empty today.  I’ve wanted to pay it a visit and see what I could steal.”
“You’ll do no such thing.  You’ll stay here and keep the lid on this bunch or else!  Today is no day to be gone, Priscilla, and I mean it!’
“Oh my, Yvonne!  What have I done wrong?  I’m so sorry if I upset you.”
Relenting then, Yvonne approached Priscilla and put an arm around her shoulders as she turned her back toward the house, saying “I didn’t mean to snap at you, Priscilla.  You were marvelous with June.  I mean… you know… keeping her calm and all.  I was impressed, and so were Stefan and Harold.”
“I meant no harm, Yvonne.  I work hard and I try to please everyone.”
“I know you do, Priscilla, but this day you’ll have to stay here with the coven, and you’re not to leave them for a moment until we return.”
About then Grundy came out the door with two rucksacks and stalking up to her as he handed one to Yvonne he said “Priscilla, I’d better not find out that you left after we’re gone or else.”
She shrank back and nodded, clearly cowed by his menacing presence.
“We’ll return later, Priscilla.  Do your duty.”
“Yes Yvonne.  I’ll stay here” she said as she thought how can I warn Cosette that I think they’re going after Ian?  How can I get away?  The others will tell Yvonne and Grundy for sure.  And now that they’re leaving, I couldn’t even get there ahead of them, even if I knew where to go.  I can’t help Ian or Cosette.

Chapter 93
“I have to carry a package.  Hamilton told me last evening that it would go out today.  I think it has to do with the end of year reenlistment effort, and likely a bonus for a short duration extension of duty.”
“I can manage.  We have a good supply of game for them to pick up.  Do you have any idea when you’ll return?”
“No.  I’m sure it’s only going to Philadelphia, but they may ask me to wait to take an answer and sometimes they take a vote and then draft an answer for Washington if it involves money.”
“I can always go get small game so that we don’t have to hunt as long when you return.”  She walked up to him then, putting her arms around his waist saying in a low voice “I am going to borrow two kettles.  You and I have an appointment to keep in our tub this evening.”
Smiling he said “Bringing James’ and Melissa’s tent for a bath house was a really good idea.”
“I wasn’t about to let that tent sit in a barn in New Jersey all winter when I had a perfectly good use for it” she said as she slid her arms around his neck, pulling him gently to her for a lingering kiss.
“Now I’ll be pacing the floor at Independence Hall while they’re voting and drafting a response.  You shouldn’t have told me.”
“Mmmm.  I wanted for you to have an incentive to hurry back.”
“It’s working.  I’m ready to report out sick” he laughed as he kissed her again, a tender lingering kiss.  Pulling back then he said “Why don’t you come with me?  The cook will find the game we have on the rack.  We’ll have time to look around most likely.  You can just go ahead a bit and when I have the package, I’ll join you.”
“I would but a handsome man has promised that he’ll join me later today and I thought to catch a lot of small game so that the two of us could stay in this evening.”
“When you put it that way, it sounds like you have a better idea.” he said as he drew her close again.  The faint but sweet scent of her hair, the breeze rustling the dried leaves still clinging to an oak tree nearby, the love shining forth from her dark eyes all captivated him at that moment.  He drew her to him again and said “I love you.  Until tonight then.”  And then he stepped back just a bit and cupped her face between his two hands, drinking in the sight.  Giving her one last kiss, he turned and trotted off to the east into the camp to pick up his package.
***
The package had been delivered so Ian decided to walk about and see more of Philadelphia.  He enjoyed the afternoon and as he strolled along the tree-lined avenue leading back to Independence Hall, he spied John Hancock walking toward him with a broad smile.
“Ian McCloud!  It’s good to see you.”
“Good to see you too, John.”
“I guess you knew that James gave me your package of letters for Europe.”
“Yes, he said you’d taken them.”
“I’d love to know just who you wrote to and what you said to them.”
“I only wrote to some friends over there and tried to persuade them to our side of this war.”
“Well, whatever it was, it sure didn’t hurt things any.  Both countries formally came in at the right time.  It has been a huge boost to our morale.”
“I can see that everywhere I go.  You know, enlistments have been up ever since the French joined us.  What brings you here, Governor?”
“I resigned that post last month.”
“Why?”
“The merchants have prevailed on the state assembly to levy a punitive tax on the farmers in our state to pay back loans from European war speculators.  I couldn’t stop it from happening even with a veto so I resigned.  Now there has been a rebellion up there against the thing and men are up in arms, even preventing the thing from being formally started.”
“Not what we need with a war to win.”  He thought I’d wager that those speculators are the human banking cartel of Europe.  This is just the sort of thing they love; a war where they can lend to both sides.  They’ve loaned money to France, Spain and Britain already.
Hancock said “No; definitely not what we need right now.”
“What sparked the thing anyway?”
“A soldier who fought for our cause and was not paid had a large tax levied on his place by our state assembly and he was so incensed that he organized this rebellion and I have to say that I don’t blame him.  The new Governor is sympathetic to the merchants in Boston and cares nothing about the farmers.  This thing has become a big mess.”
“Some politicians forget who grows the food they eat.  You say it started because of a single soldier and an unfair tax?”
“Yes, fellow by the name of Daniel Shay; decent fellow, just in a bad situation.  I’m glad to be away from it.  I hoped to get some temporary financial help here today.  Maybe get a promise for relief if we can sell bonds or some such thing to repay the loan.  I’m going to ask anyway.  All they can do is vote no.”
“An unfair tax.  Seems that played a part in starting our war.”
“Good point, Ian.”
“There is a lot of rumbling in camp right now what with some soldiers from Pennsylvania not being paid as well.  I’d wager that the Congress has taken that matter up this day.  Has Spain or France stopped their support?”
“No.  It’s a matter of getting the money here.  All of Spain’s support money and materials must come here through New Orleans, up the Mississippi and then be brought cross-country to Philadelphia.”
“All of it?”
“Yes, whether gunpowder or silver, it comes up the Mississippi if it comes from Spain.  Britain tries to keep the native nations stirred up and hostile to all whites because they know that we move money and munitions through that country.”
“And France’s support?”
“Well now it comes either up the Mississippi or sometimes via Rhode Island.  The French army has pretty well taken that over and is occupying it.”
“We’ll be waiting here a while, John.  We may well see in the new year waiting on the Congress” he said as the sun got low on the winter horizon.  The two walked into Independence Hall then and visited for a good while, each waiting for the Congress to finish what they were doing and get to their matter.
***
Night had fallen and Moon Owl had two hot kettles of water setting over two small fires and had just finished dressing and hanging twenty three rabbits and four coons high up on the game rack.  She went into the tent they lived in then to add some roast rabbit to a stew she had simmering on the stove top.  It being cold, she knew that the sentries would be expecting to get a hot bowl of stew after their shift ended.
Hearing footfalls on the snow outside she called out “In here, Ian.” about the time the tent flap parted.  Turning with a smile, she froze in place as she came nearly face to face with a beautiful red-headed woman with striking hazel-green eyes.  Instinctively she knew her to be a vampire, yet she didn’t betray that she was, but merely feigned curiosity as she said “Oh.  I mistook you for my husband.  May I help you in some way?”
Smiling Yvonne said “Why yes, Mrs. McCloud.  I’m Yvonne Devrie and I was wondering when your husband will return?”
Already ill at ease, knowing that her sword was in the other tent she nonetheless smiled sweetly and said “Hello, Mrs. Devrie.  I’m Monique and I expect him any time now.”
Yvonne came toward her then as her smile began to vanish, saying “Good, we’ll wait for him together” as she quickly reached out to grab Moon Owl.  Using a well-practiced Chi-Na technique, Moon Owl broke her index finger in the blink of an eye and doubled her over with a blindingly fast snap kick to the stomach as she rocketed for the entrance.  Yvonne screamed in pain and fell to her knees.  Moon Owl collided with a very large muscular vampire with dark hair and dark glittering eyes that drove his fist into her face, shattering her nose and driving her down onto her back.  Rolling she came to her feet just in time to be grabbed by the throat and she instantly clapped her two hands over his ears, rupturing both ear drums as she followed up with a perfectly executed eye gouge.  Using her right thumb she took out his left eye and ripped it from the optic nerve flinging it away as he roared.  Punching her in the face and throwing her to the floor he pinned her with one foot.  Unsheathing his saber he lopped off her head in an instant.
Yvonne spoke then as she nursed her broken finger, trying to push it back into alignment and crying at the pain as she cursed, saying “Damn that hellcat!”
“That witch gouged out my eye, damn her to hell!  My God!  I can’t hear a thing!” he shouted as he put both hands to his ears.”
By now Stefan, Bartholomew and June had entered the tent, looking with surprise on the scene as Grundy shouted “Don’t just stand their staring; help me look for my eye!”
Bartholomew said “The tent flap was open so it might be out here.  Help me look outside, June.”  Several minutes passed as they looked in vain for Grundy’s eye.  While Bartholomew and June got down on their knees and began to look about for it in the snow, Yvonne finally said “It has to be outside somewhere.”  The other two came out then and Grundy dropped down between June and Bartholomew, jostling him roughly as he said “Give me some room here you two.”  Unnoticed, Bartholomew had something knocked out of his shirt pocket right then and it hit Grundy’s boot, ricocheting only two feet, but it lodged nearly hidden under the edge of the tent, protruding only a bit.
Within a quarter of an hour the four had given up and had decided to darken both tents and wait inside of the one they had killed her in.  They settled back grimly anticipating a second kill.  Although his hearing had finally returned, Grundy seethed with rage at the loss of his eye, muttering curses until Yvonne finally got him to be quiet, saying “After coming this far do you want to tell him we’re here waiting?”
That finally did it and the tent fell silent.  Minutes dragged by and then they heard the sound of many voices approaching.  Peeking out of the entrance flap Yvonne was alarmed to see some one hundred or more men approaching the place with muskets slung on their shoulders.
She pulled her saber and sliced open the back of the tent as she said “A large group is coming.  We have to go.”
Grundy said “We’ll just kill them.”
“What?  You want to rouse nine thousand men?  No.  We can’t be found here.  We have to go now!  Come on!  Hurry!
Four of them departed quickly but Grundy quickly busied himself with a grisly chore before finally exiting the place where the others had gone out.  Rocketing to the woods he joined the others there as the group of soldiers arrived at the two tents and began hollering for the McClouds to join them in welcoming in the New Year.
“Damn the luck anyway!  Maybe we can just wait and see if they go away.  The tents are dark inside.  Maybe they’ll just leave and we can go back.” said Yvonne as Grundy smiled coldly at her.  “What’s so funny, Harold” she said with a puzzled look on her face.
“We can return to New York City now.  I left McCloud a message.  He’ll come to us” he said as he turned and bounded away toward the north, the others following.

Chapter 94
At long last the Congress got to the business of providing emergency pay for ten days to extend the tour of duty for the Pennsylvania soldiers, hoping to stop a mass desertion.  John Adams himself gave the package to Ian saying “I hate it that this took so long.  General Washington needs this tonight, Ian.  We can’t have a rebellion starting over pay of all things.  Good to see you again, and please say hello to Monique for me.”
“I will.  Good bye sir, and goodbye to you too” he said as he turned and shook hands with Hancock.  After he got away from the few street lamps near Independence Hall, he rocketed away toward Valley Forge with his package.
One of Washington’s adjutants said “Come with me, Ian.  General Washington wants to see you.”
Following him Ian thought here we go.  How do I handle this?  They drew near Washington’s tent and Ian saw that the guard had been tripled as he was taken inside.  Washington sat with some documents spread out before him, peering intently at a map of New York harbor, and as he looked up, he covered the map with another document.  Ian thought that’s probably a map smuggled out by our spy ring in New York City.
Dismissing the adjutant, Washington gestured toward a chair which Ian took and placed across the table from him.  Clearing his throat, Washington said “Mr. McCloud, an assassination attempt was made on me recently.”
Nodding, Ian said “I know, sir.”
Peering intently at him, Washington nodded slightly and went on “I was warned as I rode my mount past the stable sir, and that voice sounded just like yours.  I saw two figures collide in midair beside me before I got away.”
Ian said nothing, his eyes locked with Washington’s.  So quiet was the tent that the normal background noises of the camp filtered in then.
“Well?  Have you nothing to say, Mr. McCloud?”
Ian kept his eyes locked on Washington’s as he said “It was me, sir.”
“I see.  And I suppose you have a good reason why you didn’t come to me before now?”
Still with his unblinking stare riveted on Washington, Ian nodded imperceptibly.
“Well?”
“I was knocked silly and by the time I got my bearings, he’d made good his escape.”
Washington nodded slowly and then said “We found blood in the snow at the scene, quite a lot really.”
“I didn’t know that.”
“Yes.  In fact some couldn’t believe that with that much blood on the scene that the assassin got away alive.  Later a fodder cart was found in the west end of the camp.  There was some bloodied hay in it and nothing else.”
Ian nodded, saying “Maybe there were two and one helped the other to escape, sir.”
“What about the blood, Mr. McCloud?”
“I suppose that the assassin could have had a knife and been severely stabbed himself when we crashed together.”
Nodding, Washington said “The two of you collided about level with my line of sight it seemed.  That is really extraordinary, don’t you think?”
“Well, no..  There were several frozen sheaves of hay lying about and I jumped up on a pile of that to block him.  I think he might have done the same thing maybe… you know… maybe to knock you out of your saddle and cut your throat.”
“Why do you suppose they didn’t just shoot me?”
“If I had to guess, I would say they hoped to kill you silently and get away.  They could never have hoped to escape had they fired a gun in the camp.”
Nodding, Washington said “Why didn’t you tell someone.”
Ian looked down for a bit, the first time he had broken eye contact with Washington as he said “I suppose I was embarrassed, sir.  I mean here I was at the scene and all I can say is that I got knocked silly and they got away from me.  I never even saw their faces and I figured they’d never try it that way again.  I suppose I’m embarrassed and I don’t want to be the butt of soldier’s jokes from now on.”
“I see.  Well Mr. McCloud, it was no joke to me that you stopped an assassin.  I owe you my life, sir.”  He stood then and offered his right hand across the table as Ian stood and took it, nodding.
“Thank you, Ian.  And don’t ever hesitate to come to me with anything at all.  I assure you that I’m not one to ridicule people, and especially people who have been as valuable to our cause as you’ve been.  I’ve been privy to some correspondence from Ben Franklin and he’s told me of your efforts in France on our behalf.  Our mutual friend Ben Tallmadge also told me of something that we won’t discuss now.  I know that you’re more than a game hunter, Ian.  Thank you again.”
Nodding, Ian said “Good night, sir” as he turned and put on his hat, stepping out into the night and turning to the west, making his way toward their tent.
After he left, Washington sat mulling over the conversation, thinking there is more to this, Mr. McCloud.  I heard you shout at me to get away.  How could you do that and be unconscious?  What is it you won’t tell me?
***
As Ian approached the edge of the camp, a light westerly breeze carried a familiar scent to him, but at first he took it for the game carcasses tied up on the rack.  However as he approached, he was more convinced that the scent was not just animal blood and he rocketed the last hundred yards to their tent, calling “Moon Owl!  I’m home, lass” as he quickly threw the flap aside and entered their tent.  Seeing no one and nothing looking amiss he relaxed just a bit, but quickly went to the other tent and ducked through the flap into the darkened interior.  There the scent of human blood was overwhelming and he peered in the darkness to a shape on the floor, quickly stepping to it and kneeling there.  His vampire eyes needed no lamp to see the horrifying sight before him.
Throwing both hands to the side of his face he moaned and sagged back, beginning to weep then without ceasing.  Sleet began to fall then, hastened by the wind and making its unique symphony of myriad tiny scratching sounds as he knelt there weeping.  The wind increased then, moaning a bit now and then as if to accompany the sound of the sleet, throwing the tent entrance flaps back and forth as if to provide a spasmodic rhythm to the sad refrain.  The symphony of sorrow continued, accompanied by the sound of a man weeping.
**
Some four thousand miles to the east, a young woman with Auburn hair and large doe eyes ran weeping to the parlor of a large chateau near Marseille crying “Marie, Marie!”
Marie was on her feet in an instant, meeting her in the middle of the room “Celeste, what is it?  What is it?”
She led her to the sofa and pulled her down, putting her arms about her and pulling her close as she rocked her gently “There, there… what is it, Celeste?”
Pulling herself away Celeste raised her tear-stained face to Marie’s and sobbed “Moon Owl is dead, Marie!  Oh my God she’s dead!  She’s been murdered by vampires!  Ian is…  Ian is…  Oh Marie, he’s devastated!  Oh my God Marie, there is no one even to comfort him!  This is so awful… so awful!  Oh how can he bear it?  This is too cruel!”  She collapsed into Marie’s arms then as both of them began to weep for him.
Celeste became aware of two little arms reaching around her neck then as little Celine pulled herself up to sit on her lap, saying “Uncle Ian is hurting, mama.  He is hurting real bad.”
The two women then stopped weeping, sniffling and looking at her with astonishment, seeing that she too was crying.  Celeste took her in her arms and kissed her, rocking her gently as she said “How did you know that, sweetheart?”
“I was playing with Aimee and Xavier and I saw him crying.  Cosette could make him feel better, Mama.”
Kissing her, Celeste nodded “Yes, she could Celine.  She could.”  She rocked Celine then as the child wept for Ian, staring over her head with wide eyed amazement at Marie as both of them realized that Celine now had established a bond with Ian that previously only Celeste had.  As she rocked Celine she thought what powers will you finally have when you’re grown, Celine?  You are truly a miracle.

Chapter 95
The merchantman Greta Van der Slattenoever finally limped into Edinburg, having taken thirteen days to cross the North Sea.  They’d tacked back and forth doggedly day after day, making agonizingly slow progress and the captain had cursed the day he had agreed to make such a late crossing.  They would be able to sell their cargo no doubt, but he’d be laying over in Edinburg to see to some repairs.
There was also the matter of two missing crewmen who both had disappeared while on the night watch, presumably swept overboard although the times they both had disappeared were not during the roughest weather of the brutal crossing.  He assumed it was a rogue wave or a case of them being caught near the edge and being off balance or distracted and pitched overboard by a sudden swell.  He had entered it in his log and would have to report it to the Harbormaster at Edinburg and to the Harbormaster at Amsterdam when he returned.  Then there was the matter of notifying next of kin too.
He sighed then, thinking I’ve been sailing too long and have had a good run of luck.  I may just retire after this return voyage.  I can easily get work ashore related to ships being as I’ve kept my repair skills honed over the years. 
Arnaud Moreau was never so glad to see land as when he’d heard the lookout sound the call.  Being as he’d never done a blood fast and had a high level of anxiety the whole time, he had drained both goats to where they had both died by the ninth day.  He had killed and drained the two seamen at night out of desperation, tossing them overboard afterward.
They would be in Edinburg in another day and he vowed that he’d force himself to abstain from killing a third crewman.  The relatively calm waters of the Firth of Forth would provide no excuse for a third missing crewman.  He chafed at the seemingly slow progress they were making, at the same time realizing that they were doing far better than they had on the open sea.  As he stood near the starboard bow, looking at the wild looking Scottish shoreline in the distance he thought I’ll travel overland to London to see Miles Edwards.  Hell will freeze over before I’ll be on the open seas again!
***
 “I’m so sorry, Cosette.  This is the first opportunity I’ve had to get away.”
Cosette paced and nodded, saying “You’re certain that they left some sort of clue to bring him here then?”
“Oh yes!  Grundy was gloating about that as if it wouldn’t fail to bring him to New York City.”
“What did he do, Prissy?”
She shook her head, saying nothing.
“That can only mean that they intend to take him either at the Millhouse home or possibly at Rebecca Davis’ home.”
“They’ll watch the bank building too, won’t they?”
“Yes.  They will, but it’s impossible for them to take him by surprise no matter the circumstance.”
“What do you mean?”
“Ian has a thing… he can tell when any vampire even looks at him.”
“What!  How can that be?”
“I don’t know the answer to that, but he had it when he was human.  It never fails him, ever.  He can even tell the difference if it is a stranger, someone he knows, an enemy, and especially if it’s me.”
“Why that is… it’s incredible!  Do vampires have that, I mean other than Ian?”
“None that any of our family knows of and some of us have been around for centuries.”
“What can we do?  What can I do?”
Fastening her eyes on Priscilla she said “I’m going to see James and Melissa today.  These vampires have no idea who they’ve baited.”
“But they have sixteen now, not counting me.”
Shaking her head gravely, Cosette said “They can’t imagine what Ian’s capable of and they’ve no idea how many of our kind he’s fought and killed.  You keep me apprised of their plans and we three will keep watching for him to come.”  She then looked out of a window, thinking what did they do to bait him?  Kill someone?
Nodding, Priscilla thought I’ll help all that I can, but I won’t tell you that they murdered his wife.  That’s for Ian to disclose.
***
It had been a beautiful sunrise, but he could hardly appreciate it.  He’d gone to Darren Roberts last night and had given him his tent with the understanding that he would have to take down James and Melissa’s tent and see that it was stored at the same farmer’s place that they always had used.  His own oxen and wagon were included, with instructions that James and Melissa’s oxen and wagon were to stay at that very farm for the farmer to use.
He had taken his knife and cut off the deerskin which had the message written in blood and had told Darren that his wife was kidnapped.  No doubt Darren even now was repairing the gash in the wall of the tent where the murderers had escaped and would make good use of the tent this winter.  He was sworn to secrecy, and Ian told him he knew who’d done it and would get her back safely.
The sunlight took some time to ignite Moon Owl’s remains, but once started the fire consumed them quickly.  He had gathered up most of the ashes and put them into two separate quart-sized canning jars that he’d gotten from the same farmer who had kept their oxen, tents, and wagons in the past.
A meadowlark sang then as a mourning dove cooed repeatedly.  He knelt with his head down as a montage of tender moments he had shared with Moon Owl played in his thoughts.  Ah, Ian.  You’ve done it again.  Why didn’t you just take her back to her people instead of letting her get involved in your life?
Sadly shaking his head he dried his eyes as he absently took an object from his pocket and looked idly at it.  While kneeling outside the tent to see how many scents were there he had detected five and had also found the thing now in his hand under the edge of the tent.
He recalled again the grisly sight of an eye lying in the stewpot atop the stove.  He had seen that after lighting one of their oil lamps, even before he had seen the words ‘GRUNDY  N. Y. C.’ written on the wall of the tent in Moon Owl’s blood.
She fought well to take an eye he thought as he pulled a small orb wrapped in a scrap of oil cloth from his pocket and looked at it.  He once again looked at the object in his other hand, the thing found on the ground outside under the edge of the tent.  There in his hand was a finely carved wooden handled tooth brush with the name ‘Lester Stedman’ carved on the handle.  His eyes began to glow a bright frosty blue.
You thought to leave me only one clue Grundy, but you left two.  I’m coming to New York and hell is coming with me!

Chapter 96
“I think we can ignore the Davis home.  Rebecca has moved on and is seeing Stuart regularly now, and her father is still a British Colonel.  We should concentrate on the Millhouse home and the bank building.  Those two places are most likely places Ian would go if he came to New York City.”
James and Melissa nodded then, as James said “I don’t want Melissa watching some place by herself where a bunch of vampires might show up.  We’ll watch the bank building then since you live at the Millhouse home.  What else can we do in the meantime?”
“The only things that come to mind now are to get a pair of fighting suits made for you two and practice shooting and swordsmanship.  Oh, I almost forgot to tell you but there has been another vampire killing recently.”
“What does that tell us” asked Melissa.
“Only that Yvonne doesn’t control her coven as well as she thinks she does.  That could be exploited.”
“How?”
“I can arrange to reveal to Stefan Devrie that I’m Ian McCloud’s wife and that it was I who cut off his hand.”
“Cosette, that’s too dangerous.  It would draw them to you and put the Millhouses in danger.”
“The Millhouses are what worry me.  The rest I can prepare for, knowing that they’re coming for me.  If Ian was with us, we could use me for bait to divide them.  Stefan is obsessed with finding me so he would come after me and bring some of them with him.  That would be fewer for you two and Ian to kill.”
“Assuming we can find him in time.”
“I could move out and get a room somewhere and we could use Priscilla to let that be known and maybe use her to tell Stefan about who I really am.  That would remove the Millhouses from danger.”
“No Cosette.  It’s too dangerous.  We have to do better than that.  There are too few of us to divide ourselves.  We have to wait for Ian and get to him before they do.”
She sighed and nodded her acceptance, thinking this is so frustrating… the uncertainty.  Oh Ian, where are you?
***
Unloading the four chains with their manacles Ian concealed them in a thicket near a small knoll.  There were four sturdy hardwood trees growing there, the location of each would define the four corners of a rough square maybe twelve feet across.  The location had an eastern sloping exposure and it had taken some looking to find the place.  But it was ideal for what he had in mind, and was accessible by longboat or wagon, yet isolated, being two miles from any farm or home.
He put an oilcloth over the chains and the four buckets he had brought and then proceeded to bring leaves and twigs to camouflage them.  In some twenty minutes he judged his cache to be nearly invisible to anyone even should someone chance to be in that location.  He’d paid double the going rate to the Blacksmith shop in Hoboken to have them made, requiring the blacksmith to stop all other work and make the chains.  They were quite heavy and he had brought them to this site using a rented wagon with two draft horses.
Looking about before departing, he was satisfied that they’d be here when he returned.  As he drove the team to return the wagon he contemplated his next move, going over it in his mind as the sun was nearing its zenith.

Somewhat later after visiting his storage building in Hoboken behind the carpenter’s shop, he emerged looking like any prosperous Tory merchant that one would see in New York City, complete with a very expensive and well-made white wig and an impeccably tailored black suit, gray stockings, and black tri-corner hat, silver buckled shoes, and an expensively made shirt.  Carrying a banker’s briefcase with counterfeit letters of credit to one Adam Macrae he walked the two miles to the Manhattan Ferry, mentally rehearsing things that he wanted to accomplish that day.
After dark if need be he’d swim back across the Hudson to retrieve his rucksack contents and weapons, already sealed in a heavily waxed oil cloth.  The question of lodging was a problem what with the occupation so he was resigned to maybe living in Hoboken in his storage building for a short while and swimming across to Manhattan by night if necessary.  He was waved past a pair of British soldiers by a sergeant who was looking closely at passengers to try to discern if any could be men wanted for desertion or other crimes against the crown.  All who entered and left New York City were scrutinized this way since the British occupation began.
Walking from the landing he noticed a lot of new buildings since he’d last been there.  There was still evidence of the fire that had broken out during the British invasion too, with demolition and rebuilding in progress everywhere, as well as hastily built log structures for housing British soldiers.  The city was busy and commerce was steady as evidenced by the activity at the docks, albeit all was done under the watchful eye of the occupying British army.
At the Grover Merchants’ Bank he introduced himself as Adam Macrae and inquired where he might find Lester Stedman.  He was asked to wait and after some ten minutes an older gentleman beckoned to him to come to his desk.  Introducing himself once again Ian again requested information on how to find Lester Stedman.
“Ah!  Mr. Stedman.  Yes, yes, uhmm…. let me see… oh yes!  The Stedmans are customers here.  May I inquire as to the nature of your interest?”
“Yes.  I’ve come here from Boston to start a foundry and Mr. Stedman was one name I was given as a prospective backer.”
“I see.  Mr. Macrae, I can’t give information like this to strangers.  I’m sure that you understand.”
“That’s quite all right sir.  I have other business to attend to, and one prospective backer is low on my list of things to do.  Can you tell me where I might hire a carriage for the day?”  
Certainly, Mr. Macrae” the man said and gave him directions to a place not four blocks distant.  Standing then, Ian smiled and extended his hand as he said “Good day sir.”  Turning, he exited the office and left the bank.
***
A slender sickle moon hung overhead as a shadow flitted to the rear of the Grover Merchants’ Bank of New York City that night.  It bounded to the roof of the three-story building, finding a sturdy steel access hatch, padlocked from the inside.  Ian grasped the edge of the thing and began to lift it at one corner.  Creaking at first, the thing began to bend, yielding to the tremendous pressure he was applying with a continuous groan, as if in protest.
When there was enough room, he peered inside and discerned a kind of steep staircase descending into a gloomy interior.  Once inside, his keen vampire eyes made out details enough that he soon was at a door which was locked.  In seconds he had twisted off the doorknob and had the door open, gliding silently into a hallway.  He descended the stairs stealthily, coming at last to the main floor where he flitted to the wall where the offices of the executives of the bank were located.  The main floor boasted a ceiling height of some seventeen feet, but the wall that separated the executive offices from the main floor of the bank was but twelve feet in height, being only a partition.  He bounded to the top of that and was down in the office he had targeted in seconds.
Diligently he looked about for a ledger book or some such thing like he had been used to keeping himself at Banque de Lafayette in Paris.  It took more time than he thought, but after an hour and a half of careful looking, he found the thing in another office along that wall.  It was alphabetically organized, so soon he had the address he needed.
Carefully rearranging everything he departed, stopping at the roof to bend the hatch back as best he could, and leaving the padlock intact.

The next day, he hired a carriage and driver and within a half hour he was being taken past the Milliken Merchants’ Bank building.  That it was still being used by the British as a barracks to house soldiers was evident from some two blocks away so he had the driver stop nearly across the street and sat watching the place for a while.  He failed to notice a well-appointed carriage nearby with two young adult passengers.  In fact it was James and Melissa, but he couldn’t see into the interior of the thing and only glanced at it in passing after he’d instructed the driver to take him to King’s Bridge Road.
In a little over an hour he neared the Stedman estate.  Instructing the driver to stop alongside of the road, Ian studied the place thoroughly, counting the number of dormers on the manor house and trying to estimate the number of rooms in it.  After several minutes he had the driver pull up further so that he could observe the outbuildings and he then focused his attention on the tenant’s house in back.
I wonder if they all live in the manor house or if some live in the tenant’s house out back too?  I’ll be visiting this place some night soon so I need to hire a tailor for making a fighting suit today.  I’ll need some holsters and a sturdy belt with suspenders, but I can have that done at a cobbler’s shop.  I suppose I’d best go shopping for some sturdy black cloth first.  I could write several letters too and see if I can get them taken to England.  That way I can tell everyone I’m in New York City now.  Looks like I have several stops to make today.

Chapter 97
“Marie, I’d like for you to help us with something” said Celeste as she and Celine came into the kitchen at the chateau, seating themselves near one of the three large tables.
Marie smiled and came to her then with a quizzical look on her face and bent to kiss Celine on her forehead as she smoothed her hair.  “What is it?”
“Please sit here opposite Celine” she said as she drew a chair out to face Celine’s chair.  Marie seated herself, smiling at Celine and wrinkling her nose at her, as she laughed delightedly.
“I want to have Celine talk to you, Marie.”
“Well, here I am.  Go ahead sweetheart.”
“No, I want for her to talk to you in your mind, Marie.”
“I beg your pardon?  You two are the only ones who can do that.”
“How do we know?”
Her eyes widened as she said “Why we… we don’t know for sure, do we?”
“We’re about to find out.  Celine, come sit on Aunt Marie’s lap and put your hands on her cheeks.”  Celine got out of her chair and Marie took her up to sit astraddle her lap, facing her with her little hands on her cheeks.
“Celine, I want you to call to Marie like you do to me.”
“All right, Mama” she said as she closed her eyes.
“Marie, please close your eyes and just concentrate.”
Marie sat there a while feeling nothing and after some two minutes she shook her head saying “I’m getting nothing.”
“Now open your eyes and look directly into Celine’s eyes.  Celine, you look only into Marie’s eyes.”
“Celeste!  Something is happening!  What…what?  It is as if someone is calling or knocking at a door!”
Celeste turned to Celine and said “Stop asking to come in Celine and just open that door and go in and talk to Marie.”
In seconds Marie put both hands over her mouth and gasped as she said “Oh my God!  Oh my God!  Hello Celine!  I hear you sweetheart!  Aunt Marie hears you!” she exclaimed as she looked at the two of them wide-eyed.
Celeste beamed happily at the two of them and leaning over, she kissed Celine.  Turning to Marie she said “Now quit speaking to her out loud and talk to her with your thoughts.  Don’t take your eyes off of hers.
A minute passed and Celine looked away from Marie and said “I can’t hear Aunt Marie.”
“Try again, sweetheart.  Marie, please put your hands on Celine’s cheeks and don’t look anywhere but into her eyes.”
In seconds Celine smiled and speaking out loud she said “Yes Aunt Marie.  I’d like a piece of apple pie.”
Marie threw back her head laughing giddily as she scooped up Celine and danced around the room saying “Praise God!  Praise God for His miracles” as she kept kissing Celine who by now was laughing non-stop as they whirled about the kitchen.
“Oh Celeste!  Oh, oh, oh!  Oh, Celine!  This is marvelous!  Oh my!  Oh I can’t wait until the others get home!”
Laughing giddily herself, Celeste said “Now leave Celine with me and go into the dining room and let’s try it again.”
Marie rocketed to the other room and said “I’m waiting, Celine.  I’m on the other side of that door in my head.  Come in now.”
A minute passed then and it remained silent.  Celine looked at Celeste and shook her head.  Celeste kissed her and said “Come to the kitchen door now Marie, where you two can see each other.”
In seconds after appearing there, Marie broke out into a radiant smile and looked directly at Celine who giggled as she said out loud “Yes Aunt Marie, I’d like some milk with that apple pie.”
Laughing uncontrollably now, Marie again flashed across the kitchen to pick up Celine and began to dance all about the kitchen laughing and praising God as she held Celine above her head as Celine laughed uncontrollably herself.
Aimee and Xavier wandered into the kitchen to see what all of the ruckus was about, so Celeste explained a bit to the two of them and had them to take a seat and watch.
“Marie, please go back into the dining room now and this time I want you to concentrate on what Celine looks like.  Just try to see her face and her eyes.  Celine, you do the same thing.”
“I will, Mama.”
In a few seconds Marie laughed excitedly and came to the door with a dazzling smile saying “Yes, Aimee’s wearing your dress today” as Celine nodded, laughed and clapped her hands.
Marie then said “Wait now and I’ll tell you why she’s wearing your dress.” as she flashed back into the dining room.  In seconds Celine giggled and said aloud “she’s wearing that dress because it’s getting too tight and you just bought me a new one yesterday!”
Marie rocketed back into the kitchen giddy with laughter as she again scooped up Celine and danced about the kitchen holding her aloft as all of them laughed.  “Oh my God!  This is wonderful!  Oh, oh, oh!”
After the laughter died down Celeste said “Now go into the dining room again and wait there, Marie.”
“I’m waiting.  Go ahead” she said from the dining room.
Celeste spoke then saying “Marie, this time visualize my face instead of Celine’s face.”
An interval of time passed and then Marie shrieked in laughter and rocketed into the kitchen excitedly saying “You want some apple pie too!”
Celeste laughed and nodded excitedly, saying “Now go back into the dining room and give me an answer.”
Marie rocketed to the dining room again and in seconds Celeste shrieked with laughter as Marie came back smiling at her saying “Well, what did I tell you?”
Celeste ran to her said “You said I could have the apple pie, the apple tree, the milk, and the cow!”
The five of them erupted in spontaneous laughter then as Marie gathered up Aimee in one arm and Celine in the other and Celeste grabbed Xavier and all of them danced and whirled around the kitchen.  When everyone had settled down a bit, Celeste said “Now we’re going to get down to some serious business.  Let’s go to the parlor where it’s more comfortable.”
After they were all seated Celeste spoke “Celine, I want you to read all of Aunt Marie’s memories of everything that she ever talked with Cosette about, and I’m going to read them with you.”
Marie stared at her wide-eyed as she began to comprehend what Celeste was trying to do.  Then she turned to Celine and patted the sofa next to her and said “Sit here sweetheart.  This might take a while.”

Chapter 98
Carrying the newspaper that Cosette had given her, Priscilla approached Yvonne with a serious look on her face.  “Yvonne.  I have something here that you ought to see.”
Turning from her conversation with Stefan and Grundy she raised her eyebrows inquisitively as Priscilla handed her the newspaper, pointing to the article with a heading that said ‘2nd BODY FOUND WITH SAME NECK WOUND’.
Yvonne gasped as she saw the header of the article, reading it as both Grundy and Stefan came to flank her, each of them reading it too.  Stefan shook his head as Grundy softly cursed.
Priscilla said “Do you think this is Roland’s doing?”
Grundy answered “Who else?”
“I don’t know, but I wondered if maybe it was one of ours.  We have all of those new ones now and they mostly have to stay in the cellar of the main house.”
“Let’s go talk to all of them now.  Maybe we can tell who it is by the way they react” said Stefan.
Shortly they were in the cellar talking to the latest members of the coven.  All of them exhibited universal surprise at the grisly news, so Yvonne went to talk to the other members who had been in the coven longer.
During all of this Priscilla slipped away to see if she could talk with Cosette.  It was mid-afternoon and she wanted to see if there was anything else that she could do to help matters.  She was careful to double back three different times and each time, she waited patiently but never saw anyone following her, so she carefully made her way toward the Millhouse home by a roundabout way.
***
 “I’ve seen all of Aunt Marie’s memories of Cosette, Mama.”
Celeste nodded saying “I have too sweetheart.  Come sit on my lap now and we’ll try to talk to Cosette.”  Celine got up on Celeste’s lap and straddled her legs, putting both hands on her mother’s cheeks and Celeste placed her hands likewise.  “Now let’s go visit Cosette and we’re going to go right through her door and say hello to her; ready?”
“I’m ready, Mama.”
The two closed their eyes and their combined minds’ eyes reached across half of a continent and an ocean to a fashionable home on Manhattan Island where a lovely young lady with honey blonde hair and gray eyes was sitting reading the daily newspaper.
***
As Cosette read the paper about the war, her mind was inexplicably being pulled to think of Celeste and Celine.  This persisted so that she finally put the paper down and turning sideways on the sofa, she lay back and closed her eyes and thought I do miss everyone.  I suspect Ian goes through these spells too.  I’ve been here in this land five years now and I think that finally I’ll find him, but at what cost?
***
Celeste said “Quickly!  Someone bring me a mirror!”
Marie rocketed away and returned in seconds with a lovely hand held silver mirror, handing it to Celeste.
“No, Marie.  Please hold it so that I can see my reflection” she said while moving her hands from Celine’s cheeks to place them on each side of her head.  “Move your hands like I did, Sweetheart.”
Celine moved her hands up to the sides of Celeste’s head too and closed her eyes again, thinking of Cosette and her doorway.
***
Cosette sighed and released her frustrations then, and warmed herself with remembrances of the family.  She suddenly began to see a picture of Celeste and her lips were moving as if she was speaking.  Cosette concentrated and the picture came fully into focus and in her mind she heard faintly Cosette.  Cosette.  It’s Celeste.  Can you hear me?  
She sat bolt upright and said out loud “I can hear you, Celeste!  Truly I can!”
The image said again Cosette, think the words in French.  Think the words that you want to say to me.  Just think them and I may hear them if you can hear me.
Lying back and closing her eyes again she focused only on Celeste’s image and thought Celeste, I see you.  I hear you.  Is it you, truly?
Oh yes, Cosette; yes, yes.  It’s me and Celine is helping me aren’t you sweetheart?
“Yes Mama.  Cosette is talking to us, Mama.  Hello, Aunt Cosette.”
Cosette’s eyes filled with tears as she opened them and then she closed them again and said hello, Celine.  When I saw you last you could barely talk.  Are you truly helping Mama talk to me?
Yes, Aunt Cosette.
Oh my!  I’m crying.
Oh don’t cry, Aunt Cosette.  Mama’s crying too and so is Aunt Marie, but Aimee and Xavier are laughing.
It’s good crying, Celine.  I’m so happy and so grateful to speak with you.  I’ve missed all of you so much.  I was just thinking of you today.
We know, Cosette.  We see you sometimes, and we see Ian too sometimes.  We see you better though.  And we never talk to Ian.
Cosette, Cosette?
Yes, Celeste.  I hear you too.  I can’t believe this.  I can’t stop laughing and crying too!
I have something important to tell you about Ian.
I’m listening.  Oh praise God I’m listening!
He knows where the coven is and he’s going to spy on them tonight.  He’s looking for Grundy and will kill him when he finds him.  We have an idea to help him.  Can you still hear me?
Yes, yes!  Tell me!
Get your friend Priscilla to do you a favor tonight.
Yes, yes go ahead!  Tell me!
See if she can find a way to get Grundy to be in that house alone some way tonight, or tomorrow night.
She heard someone knocking on the back door loudly.  Someone’s at the door now.
Go get it.  We’ll talk again soon.  Goodbye Cosette.
Oh my!  Yes… yes we will.  Goodbye!  Goodbye Celine!
Goodbye Aunt Cosette.
Opening the kitchen door, she saw Priscilla.  Hello, Cosette.  You look like you’ve been crying” she said with some concern.
“It was good crying, Prissy.  What brings you here?  It’s dangerous to come here.  We were to meet tomorrow.”
“I had to tell you this.  We have five more vampires.  They’re imprinting now.”
“I see.  That’s not good.”  She walked to a window and looked out, frowning as she pondered the information.  Turning to Priscilla she said “Is there any way you can get Grundy to be in the house alone tonight?”
“Oh my!  I don’t know.  Grundy is taking the new ones out to hunt tonight, to teach them to use cups and a knife for feeding.  They’re afraid to do it in the daytime.  Someone could see them… you know… with the leaves down and everything.”
“Ian knows that all of you are at the Stedman’s home and he may come there tonight.”
Priscilla gasped and covered her mouth with both hands, saying “How do you know that?  And…and how can he know?”
Cosette smiled and said “Trust me, it’s true.  There are more things about us that I’ll tell you in good time.  For now though you’d best be getting back, hadn’t you?”
“Yes.  What are you doing?”
“I have to stay here.  I wouldn’t feel right leaving, knowing that vampires are watching the place.  The Millhouses are due back any time now.”
“I’d better go” she said as she hugged Cosette.  “Oh, do you have a newspaper?”
“Here, take this one.”
“Thank you.  I’ll try to think of something.  Good bye.”
“Goodbye, Prissy.”

Chapter 99
It was a drizzling rainy night in London when Robert Milliken and five other male Adept vampires approached the home of Miles Edwards.  He spoke in a low voice, saying “Both of them are here according to my investigator.  Moreau got here late today while my man was still watching the place.  Steven, you take these two and go check the guest house while we check the carriage house.  We’ll meet back here.”  Nodding, Steven said “Yes sir.” and he flitted away with two of the others.
Robert and the other two moved stealthily toward the carriage house and one went up the steps to the door while the other two leapt to the roof and went to peer into the dormer windows.  Neither window was locked so soon Robert and his companion were inside.  Going through the living area for the Chauffeur they quickly determined that it was empty and soon they had met up with the others.
“No one in the carriage house.  What about out back?”
“No one there either sir.”
“All right.  That leaves only the main house itself.  I’ll go to the door and knock.  Miles will recognize me and allow me in.  You five enter by way of the dormer windows and come downstairs.  Check the bedrooms upstairs before coming down.  If Moreau isn’t there, he must be downstairs, so be sure not to spook him too soon.  Remember that these two are both big and strong; questions?”
“None sir.”
“All right.  Let’s get to it.”
Knocking on the door, Robert only had to wait a short time before it was opened a crack by Miles Edwards.  “Mr. Milliken?”
“Yes Mr. Edwards.  It’s me.  Might we talk about something?  It’s urgent, sir.”
“Yes.  Come in” he said as he stood aside.  Then after closing the door he said “Right this way, Mr. Milliken.”  As they sat down opposite each other by the hearth, Edwards said “is it something about the bank?  I sold my shares to your new senior partner as you know, but I’ll help if I can.”  He looked distressed about something.
Smiling then, Robert thought you sold your shares to my employee who is my proxy.  I own that entire bank now but you don’t need to know that.  What are you distressed about?  With a disarming smile he said “No, no.  It’s not bank business at all that brings me here.  I came because of something involving Henri Lafayette.”  His keen vampire eyes detected the other’s eyes widen slightly at the mention of that name.
“Henri Lafayette?  The French banker?”
“Yes.”
“What is it then?”
“Henri Lafayette had an investigator following him about over there for quite a while.  He discovered that one Arnaud Moreau was building two vampire covens there to take down him and his family.”
“What?  Vampires?  Covens?  Now see here Milliken!  What on earth do you take me for, talking about such rubbish?”
Making his eyes glow brightly suddenly, Robert said “I take you for a vampire who bankrolled another vampire to try to kill a very, very old friend of mine and his family, as well as another good friend of mine in America.”
Edward’s eyes widened as his mouth dropped open.  Speechless and in shock, he had never dreamt that Milliken was a vampire nor that he knew all about him being one as well.
His eyes now beginning to glow he said “I say, Milliken, that’s a serious accusation” as he rose from his seat menacingly.  About then five pairs of hands grabbed him and forced him back into his seat and he was pinned there, struggling.
“The Lafayettes have destroyed both of your covens, Edwards.  One numbered what, twenty three?  The other numbered twenty five I think.  I wasn’t there when that second bunch were killed.  I understand that they were so thorough that they even killed two new recruits who had not yet moved in with the coven itself, so I suppose you could say that bunch numbered twenty seven.  Now I know that near sundown today, Moreau came here to see you.  Where is he now?”
Licking his lips nervously, Edwards said “That bastard robbed me just this evening.  He came here wanting more money for his revenge and he came here a wanted man in France and in Spain.  Not only that, but the constables are looking for him here too!”
Laughing then, Robert said “I know about that already.  I put them on to him myself.”  His face went somber then as he said in a soft voice “Where is he, Edwards?”
“He stole over four thousand pounds from me this very night.  I suspect he’s on the run now.”
Robert took a deep breath and leaned back in his chair, contemplating the fire for a moment as he digested the information.  He can only run now, but where?  Ireland, the Swiss Confederacy, Prussia, Austria, America?  I’m guessing it’s America.  Four thousand pounds will give him a good start over there, and put him out of the reach of the Council. 
Sighing then he said “I see.  Edwards, tell me now, how was it you arranged things for the vampires you sent to America?”
“What?”
“Oh come, come Edwards.  Are we not past pretending now?  I know that you backed vampires to go to America to kill Ian McCloud.  How much money did you pay them?”
Edwards stared at him in disbelief as he thought they’ve been on to us from the beginning!  I must make the best of this or else.  “I was forced in this thing I assure you.  Moreau bit me, forced me to cross over.  I was angry at him but angry at Ian McCloud and Henri for motivating Moreau to ruin my life.  Besides that, I know that Ian McCloud killed my brother.  Look in that box on the table behind you.”
Robert turned and opened the box and pulling out a linen handkerchief, he unwrapped it to find a dried piece of a human ear.  He raised his eyebrows and looked questioningly at Edwards then.
“I found that lying in the guest house right after my brother disappeared.  I know that McCloud and Lafayette were traveling with a child who was kidnapped and I put it all together.  McCloud and Lafayette killed my brother for having that little girl kidnapped and she did that.”
Robert looked at the grisly item thinking yes, Aimee did this.  She’s a child vampire as I suspected.  He nodded and smiled affably at Edwards and said “I think you’re right about this.  Continue, please.”
“I did agree to give the Devries five thousand pounds.  It’s in Wellington’s bank here in London.  I set up an account for them in New York City as well.  I also financed Moreau in France.  I wasn’t a part of this thing from the beginning though.  I’m a victim here, Milliken.”
Standing up Robert nodded and smiled disarmingly then, saying “Now see how easy that was, Miles.” as he thought I know that you are thought to be a serial rapist according to the Constables.  Or at least you used to be.  It seems that you have quit that activity.  I suspect you were poorly imprinted by Moreau and lost your libido.  The constables never did get enough on you to hang you though, either you or your scurvy brother.  He continued with an affable smile, saying “Oh, you might be surprised to know that it was me who killed your perverted brother.”
Edwards’ eyes widened at the realization and he struggled to free himself, and then sat back resignedly.  Still smiling affably Milliken said “Our business is concluded then, Edwards.”
Making a pretense of straightening his coat a bit, he suddenly pulled a pocket pistol in a vision-blurring motion and shot Edwards point blank between his eyes.
“You two take care and finish him outside away from the house.  Do it in the woods and then wrap everything in those oilcloths we brought.  Put it all in my carriage.  You other three help me search this house now.”

Chapter 100
Ian put on his new fighting suit and tested it by moving about quickly.  Satisfied that it was a good fit, he tried the hood and it was perfect.  The twin shoulder holsters were stiff, being new leather.  Rubbing a goodly amount of goose grease on them he knew they’d soften in a few days.  Putting two of his pocket pistols in them he practiced cross-drawing the pair for some twenty minutes until he could draw and cock both in a single eye-blurring move.  Satisfied he put on his weapon belt, adjusting it.  At each hip were holsters for two more pocket pistols and at the small of his back was a third holster for his dragon pistol.  His saber attached to the side, a bit behind the pistols.  A long hunting knife was at the other hip, just behind the other pistol holster.  He adjusted the suspenders so that they bore the considerable weight of the weapons.  All was dull black leather as he had specified.
He’d paid double the going rate for everything, and the cobbler and tailor were both happy to get that kind of work.  They had dropped everything when he had put his money down with his specifications.  All in all, he considered himself lucky to get such high quality work done so quickly.
Tonight would be only a surveillance mission to ascertain the strength of the coven and the layout of their house.  Since Grundy was assumed to be there, Ian elected to take his sabre.  He preferred the short sword for an all-out assault with full complement of pistols, since he kept it hanging between his shoulder blades.  But it would put him at a disadvantage due to not having as much reach as a saber.  Since he was taking only two shoulder-carried pistols, he elected to take the saber for tonight.  For this he had a belt and sheath just for the saber and knife, saving a lot of bulk and weight.
Wrapping everything in an oil cloth he stuffed all of it in his rucksack and ran to his canoe in the darkness.  He had bought that from a man who was half Poospatuck Indian and half-white, living as a tenant farmer not far from Hoboken.  It was a small one, with a hickory frame covered in birch bark and well caulked with tree sap; a perfect size for Ian’s use.  
Soon the canoe was knifing through the inky waters of the Hudson and making astonishing headway toward Manhattan Island.  Had it been possible to have seen it in the darkness, one would have seen a lone figure paddling at a rate that made his arms appear as a blurred image, and the canoe itself moving at a seemingly impossible rate of speed with a fine, frothy wake trailing behind.
Arriving at a pre-determined location on the western shore of Manhattan, Ian silently pulled the canoe ashore and then emptied it and flipped it up over his head as if it weighed nothing and bounded away to a barn where he concealed it alongside, covering it with straw.  Rocketing back to the shore, he retrieved his rucksack and weapons and rocketed away toward the northeast to the Stedman estate.
***
Yvonne looked peeved as she approached Priscilla, saying “Where were you?”  Priscilla handed her the newspaper, saying “I thought you might want to find out if the newspaper did a follow up on that story, you know, the one that said a second body was found.”
“Oh.”  She smiled and said “Good thinking, Priscilla.  I should have known you were up to something useful.  I’m taking the group to set watchers at three places tonight.  Can you stay with Grundy and help him teach the new ones to feed properly?”
“Yes.  I didn’t think he cared about that.”
“Well I care and besides he wants to teach them some basic swordsmanship after they learn to drain a kill.  He wants to get as many as he can to where they can fight at least a little bit since he thinks McCloud will come soon.”
“Oh.  Good idea.  My, but Harold is smart!”
She laughed at that and said “Remember what I told you about manipulating men, Priscilla.  Harold is as smart as I want him to think he is.”
Priscilla thought he’s smarter than you about one thing, Yvonne.  McCloud will be here sooner rather than later.
“Anyway, we’ll be out all night on this.  When you two are done with the others, all of you come help me watch the Davis home.  I think he might pay a visit to that Rebecca Davis.”
Priscilla smiled and nodded her head as Yvonne turned and called to her group, who all followed her away into the darkness.
Grundy soon came with two wooden sabers and said gruffly “Go get the newcomers, Priscilla.”
She turned and rocketed to the house and down to the cavernous cellar and within a half hour they were in the woods around a quarter mile from the estate.  Grundy had just caught a rabbit and was explaining to the four newcomers how to tie up the carcass properly to make draining it easier when Priscilla threw up her hands to her face and said “Oh my!  I forgot something!” as she turned around and bounded away toward the house.  Grundy looked at her for a moment as she sped away and then resumed what he was saying.
Priscilla retrieved her rucksack with the copper bowl and two copper flasks and her knife where she had stashed them outside of the house and waited a bit before running back to rejoin the others out in the woods.
She came rocketing up to Grundy as one of the newcomers was trying to catch blood in a cup and said “Oh my, Harold!  Oh my!”
“What is it, Priscilla.  I’m busy here.”
“Oh my, Harold!  I think Roland is in the house.  I don’t know what he’s looking for!  What do we do?”
“What!  Are you sure?”
“Who else could it be?”
“I’ll bet he followed you home from the city.  I’ll take care of him.  You stay here and show these other three how to drain game” he said and turned to bound away toward the manor house.
***
Ian approached the estate from the road and not long after sighting it, he put on his hood and was on the roof beginning to test the eight dormer windows.  Finding the third one he tried unlocked he slipped inside and stealthily glided out into the 3rd floor hallway, ghosting from room to room, pistols drawn and cocked.
Finding no one on the 3rd floor, he descended to the 2nd floor and began a similar search from room to room, finding no one.  There were a few oil lamps lit on every floor but it seemed as if no one was at home.  Taking the back stairs down, he came out in a really large kitchen which was dark and uninhabited.  Gliding out into a broad hallway, he un-cocked his pistols and slid them into his shoulder holsters, snapping the security straps over them.  Pausing he pondered the situation I’d best not fire a pistol if I can avoid it.  Who knows but what they’re near enough to hear it if they’re outside?
Drawing his saber he glided toward the grand foyer.  Seeing no one he crossed the foyer, stealthily moving toward the parlor when he suddenly felt an icy prickling at the base of his neck that plunged down his spine.  In that same instant he spun in time to see Grundy hurtling toward him from the drawing room, his eyes blazing and his saber raised to strike.
Instead of falling back he attacked and met his opponent head on.  The two slashed and parried at eye blurring speed, neither drawing blood when suddenly Ian switched his saber to his left hand after just driving Grundy back two steps.  He was able to dart in and make a wicked slash across his torso and instantly switched his saber to his right hand again, inflicting yet another punishing cut deep in Grundy’s side.
Roaring with rage Grundy tried to attack yet again, but again Ian switched to his left hand and again he cut him viciously across the thigh and again switched to his right hand and gave him a grievous shoulder wound.  Grundy could move fast and was stronger than Ian, but he didn’t have the years of experience fighting at vampire speed that Ian had, nor was he ambidextrous.  Everything Ian did was by instinct, with no forethought or predetermination, concentrating years of techniques honed in actual combat and years of practice against Li and others of his family at vampire speed.
He drove Grundy across the foyer and into the parlor, slashing viciously and constantly switching hands and altering fighting rhythm so as to keep him bewildered and off balance.  By now Grundy was bleeding from eight wounds and it was dawning on him that he was overmatched as Ian bored in relentlessly with his constantly varying and unpredictable attack.
It was all that Grundy could do to keep Ian off of him and he had no respite or even a split second to gather his thoughts.  He was fighting for his very life now and he knew it.
Still defending himself as best he could while backing away he tripped over a hassock and Ian leapt forward and drove his saber through his exposed throat up into his brain.  Jumping on to the wildly thrashing vampire’s chest he straddled it and drove his hunting knife through Grundy’s’ empty eye socket and into his brain.  Reaching into a thigh pocket he drew out a length of rawhide to bind the knife into place by wrapping the strap around the hilt of the knife and passing both ends around behind Grundy’s head and tying the ends tight at the back of his neck.  The knife was buried in his brain and was secured firmly by the rawhide.
Grundy thrashed about wildly, but was completely helpless as Ian bound him heavily with more rawhide straps to keep his arms and legs from flailing about.  As an added precaution, he pulled the iron manacles he’d ordered at the blacksmith shop from his rucksack and fastened them to Grundy’s wrists, passing the heavy chain behind his back to complete their installation.  Then, sheathing his saber he tossed Grundy over his shoulder as if he was a pillow and bounded away, out the front door.  Soon he was rocketing down King’s Bridge road two miles southward to a small lane that went a mile west, ending at the farm where the canoe was hidden.
In less than a minute he had the canoe at the water’s edge.  Bounding back to the barn he snatched up Grundy and his rucksack and rocketed to the canoe.  Depositing the still-wiggling Grundy in his canoe and tossing in his ruck sack and saber he pushed the craft out into the inky waters of the Hudson River.  Paddling rapidly away, he angled southwest toward a certain creek over on the New Jersey shore, several miles away.

Chapter 101
Cosette was talking with Stuart in his room at the Millhouse home when she felt Celeste calling to her.  Holding up her hand for silence while smiling, Cosette assumed a blank stare.
Celeste.  I hear you.
Ian captured Grundy and is taking him to New Jersey.
Oh, Celeste!  I’m so relieved.  Do you know why?
He means to… to question him before he kills him.
Good.  Stuart’s with me and he knows we can talk.
Tell him hello.  So you’re still at the Millhouse home.
Yes.  There are vampires outside watching the place, waiting for Ian.  Tomorrow we leave here to stay at James and Melissa’s until this is over.
That’s a good idea.  I’ll tell the others.
I’m badly outnumbered here and that worries me.
I have good news about that.  Li and Sophia are coming.  They left weeks ago.  I should have told you earlier.
Oh Celeste!  That’s good news!
Yes, they know to look for you at the Millhouse home or the Davis home.
We won’t be at either place.  I can’t risk Stuart being killed and he insists that Rebecca come with us to James’ house.
Can’t you leave them a coded message?
Yes.  I’ll leave it in my room.
The whole family is sitting here with Celine and me.
Hello, Celine
Hello, Aunt Cosette.  We have to go for now.  Everyone wants to hear what you told us.
Goodbye then.
Goodbye.
In a very hushed voice Cosette said “Good news, Stuart.  Ian got Grundy and Li and Sophia are coming here.”
Stu broke into a broad smile as he said “Oh that’s a relief!  I wonder how he found him.  Do we know when they’ll be here?”
“No, but it should be soon.”
“So we have to wait until daytime to get Rebecca?”
“Yes.  There are vampires waiting for Ian outside of her house too.”
“I suppose we have to spend tonight pretending we don’t know that.”
“Yes.  Let’s go to join the others in the parlor.  I feel better when I can see everyone in one room.  This will be a long night for me” she said as she gathered her rucksack bulging with weapons.
***
Priscilla rocketed along with the five newcomers, and in minutes the five of them slowed and stealthily approached the Davis’ neighborhood.  The newcomers waited in the street while Priscilla silently circled the house, stopping occasionally to whisper Yvonne’s name.
Hearing a hiss she turned to see Yvonne and Bartholomew approaching.
“I didn’t expect all of you here this soon” she whispered.
“Oh Yvonne!  Something has happened!  Grundy’s gone!  I looked around in the manor house and the tenant’s house.  I couldn’t find him anywhere!”
“What?  He’s just… gone?”
“Yes.  I forgot my rucksack and when I went back to get it, I happened to see Roland looking around in the manor house.  I went to tell Harold and he went back there.  When he didn’t come back, I went back there and no one was in either house.”
Yvonne stood there, digesting the news and finally she said “He’s chasing Roland down.  That has to be it.  McCloud couldn’t know where we’re staying.  We’ll all watch this house tonight.”
Priscilla thought you and Grundy killed his wife.  He’s not like you, to simply take up with another.  He won’t come here but I’m happy to help you waste your time watching this house.  From what Cosette told me about Ian, Grundy’s as good as dead.
***
The brass door knocker sounded and Cosette said “I’ll get it.”  She felt the reassuring weight of the two pocket pistols she had concealed beneath her sweater as she made her way to the door.  Standing in the dim light of the porch lamp were James and Melissa.
Opening the door with a sweet smile she said “Come in, you two.” and closed the door behind them, whispering “There are vampires outside watching the house.”
James nodded, whispering “We saw two and I’m guessing there are more.”
“I’m glad you came.  We need to make plans tonight for moving the humans to your place.  We have to come up with a plan to do that without them being followed.”
“So we’ll tell the Millhouses… what?”
“Just follow my lead” she said as she led them into the parlor.
***
The red eyelids of dawn defined the eastern horizon as scattered clouds moved majestically overhead, each colored with the barest hint of pink at their eastern edges.  The crescent moon shone through now and then as if it was only surrendering its reign to the coming sun with great reluctance.
On a knoll somewhere near the coast of New Jersey looking east, beneath four sturdy young hardwood trees lay a figure, connected to each of the four trees by a heavy chain.  Heavy iron manacles were clamped tightly on the wrists and ankles of the figure and another figure carried two buckets of water up toward the site from the creek below.
Setting the two full buckets next to two others already full, Ian reached down and untied the rawhide strap, pulling his hunting knife from Grundy’s eye socket.  Taking his sun glasses from his breast pocket he sat down to watch the sunrise.  Shortly he turned and watched Grundy’s wound begin to close, the healing already in progress.
The rolling eye and sightless stare changed to one of disbelief and rage as the healing completed in minutes.  He began to curse and thrash about violently, causing the heavy chains to snap tight repeatedly, but he remained spread-eagled, bound to the four trees.
“So it was you McCloud… hiding behind a mask!”
“I have something that belongs to you” he said as he took the eyeball out of his breast pocket and unwrapped it in front of him, letting it dangle by the optic nerve, as he swung it back and forth in front of him, saying “How did you happen to lose this, Grundy?”
“A pox on you and your damned wife.  I took off her head for doing that!”  Dropping it as his eyes began to blaze a frosty blue, Ian reached into his pocket once more and pulled out a wooden toothbrush and said “One of you dropped this too.  Let’s see what this carving says.  Why it says ‘Lester Stedman.’  I wonder why Lester left his toothbrush at our tent.  Do you think he wanted me to come see him?”
Grundy thrashed with rage and cursed violently finally snarling “That moron Bartholomew stole that and dropped it there.  I should’ve killed him long ago!”
“What you should have done was start over when you had the chance.  How many are in your coven?”
Grundy spat at him, saying nothing as he thrashed mightily, causing the chains to tighten and slacken as they beat upon the ground.
Ian said nothing, but stood and drew out his hunting knife.  Removing the whetstone from its pocket attached to the sheath he dipped it in one of the buckets and began to hone the blade at vampire speed, putting a keen fresh edge on it in only seconds. 
“How many are in your coven?”
“Go to hell!”
Ian sheathed his knife and moved to where he stood over Grundy, one foot on either side of his hips.  Stooping, he ripped his jacket and shirt from him as if they were wet paper, exposing his chest and stomach.  His eyes began to glow brightly as he snatched his knife from its sheath and deeply sliced the skin on Grundy’s torso from his neck to his navel.
Grundy arched his back and roared with pain, threshing from side to side and causing the chains to repeatedly snap tight and relax.  After a bit Ian said again in a low voice, eyes glowing “How many are in your coven?”
Grundy spat at him, arching his back, eyes ablaze with hatred as he threshed violently.
Ian was instantly at one side of him, and putting one hand inside of the deep gash, he began to pull the flesh back from his ribs with all of his strength as he cut beneath it to free it from the muscles beneath.  Grundy screamed in pain and thrashed violently.  Quickly changing sides, Ian ripped back the other half of the flesh, cutting beneath it once more as he peeled it back along the length of the cut.  Grundy howled in pain and continued to thrash about violently.
***
A child’s scream punctuated a conversation in the parlor between Henri and Louis.  Marie and Sophia jumped to their feet and joined Celeste as she had started for the Foyer.  Celine came running into the parlor weeping and threw herself into Celeste’s arms.  Comforting her, Celeste sat down on a hassock and rocked her, talking in a soothing voice “There, there Celine.  Tell mama what it is.”
“It…it…Oh mama it’s Uncle Ian!”
In a flash the entire family was gathered about the two, waiting breathlessly for her next words.
“Ian…Ian is hurting the bad man, mama!  It’s terrible and his eyes, mama!  Oh mama it’s so terrible!”
“You must leave his mind, Celine.  He’s trying to find where the other bad men are hiding.  This is why I told you that we mustn’t pry in other’s thoughts.”
Sniffling then she raised her tear-stained face to look at Celeste, saying “Oh mama, he is so angry!  It is terrible what he’s going to do to the bad man!”
Celeste kissed away her tears and said “This bad man did evil and murdered someone that Ian cared for.  We must leave him to do what he will, sweetheart.  He’s going to stop the other bad people from hurting anyone else.”
As Celeste rocked the child her eyes met those of the others and the eyes of many were glowing with satisfaction at hearing this, even as she thought how terrible your vengeance is Ian!
***
Ian stepped back and tipped his head slightly; regarding Grundy with his eyes blazing a brilliant turquoise blue color as he bent to wipe the blade clean on the shredded shirt.
He sat down and waited a while until the healing began and in less than ten minutes, the gap was closed as the healing ended.  By then even Grundy’s eye had healed from its knife wound.
Again Ian spoke “How many are in your coven?”
“You bastard!  You ruined my life!”
“You managed that one all by yourself, Grundy.  How many are in your coven?”
“What’s that to you?  They’ll drink your blood, McCloud.” He said as he began to thrash mightily, heaving and straining at the chains.
Ian stood and pulled his knife, moving to Grundy’s side once again when suddenly he said “Seventeen.”
Straightening up, Ian said “How many females?”
“Eight.”
“Who’s the leader?”
“What does that matter?”
Ian again pulled his knife and Grundy said “Yvonne and Stefan”
“Americans?”
“No.  French.”
“Describe them.”
“Why?”
“Because the next time I will gut you like a fish and we’ll see how long that takes to repair itself.  Do you think your guts will crawl back into your body?”
“How the hell do I know, damn you?”
“Maybe it will seal up and leave some of them hanging out for vultures and crows.  Shall we see?”
Grundy roared and thrashed violently for a few seconds and then he heaved a great sigh and spoke “Stefan has a dark complexion, dark hair and dark eyes, medium size with a silver hook where his hand used to be.  Yvonne is a redhead, beautiful really, married to Stefan.  She is unusual looking… uhm… she has green eyes.”
Ian thought about that for a bit French, and green eyes.  Where did I see her?  Then it came to him and he remembered that he’d kicked a green-eyed redhead into a fire at the Francoise mansion.  He thought that has to be her!  Likely her husband lost his hand the same night.  So they’ve followed me to America to get revenge.  I brought all of this death and sorrow here when I came to this land, and I brought death to Moon Owl too.
He sat down heavily as his eyes became normal looking once again, bowing his head sorrowfully and remaining silent for some two minutes.  Then he sighed deeply, raising his head resolutely his eyes again began to blaze as he said “What other houses do you use?”
“We used to have a place on Long Island.”
“Where?”
“East of Brooklyn Heights on Queen’s road.”
“Describe it.”
“If I do will you quit using that knife on me?”
“If you tell me the truth, yes.”
Grundy described the place as best he could recall and fell silent then.
“Describe the landmarks along the way and which side of the road it’s on.”
Grundy thought a bit and then gave a landmark beginning at Queen’s road and the number of homes he could recall seeing along the way to its location.
“How did you think to catch me?”
“We thought you’d return to uhmm…either that bank, you know… the building you bought…or maybe you might go to the Millhouse or Davis homes.  We didn’t know where else to watch.”
Ian sighed deeply and pulled his knife out, rising and walking toward Grundy.
“You aren’t going to… to cut me again?”
“No.  Did you not hear me promise that?”
“What are you doing…  I mean what’s next?
“You and I are going to get some sunshine” he said as he began to cut and rip Grundy’s boots and clothing from his body.
“What?  No!  We’ll burn up, McCloud!”
“I can take around four hours of it at a time.  How about you?”
“What!  Four hours?  I can’t take four minutes!”
“Well, right there are four buckets full of water.  I can pour it over you if you catch fire.”
“What?  Well what… what happens when the water’s gone?”
Ian shrugged, replying “There’s a creek here.  We’ll see, won’t we?”

Chapter 102
“Grundy should have returned by now.  Something’s amiss for sure.  Look at that overturned hassock in the living room.”
“There’s blood on the floor” said Priscilla, pointing to a spot some fifteen feet past the hassock.  Yvonne knelt to smell it, and she stood, turning to Stefan, saying “It’s Grundy’s blood.  Roland could never draw blood from Grundy!  It had to be McCloud!”
Priscilla asked “But how can that be.  He couldn’t know we live here.  Did he follow you from Pennsylvania?”
Yvonne paced the floor in silence, her green eyes blazing as she thought did Roland get lucky and kill Grundy?  Should we wait to see if he returns?  Damn you to hell McCloud!  You’ve done this some way, but how?  We have to leave here now and go back to the house I leased on Long Island.  Damn it anyway!  I like it here.
“McCloud may have caught Roland and made him tell where we’re living.  I…  I don’t know how he did it, but McCloud is behind this!  Damn him to hell!  Everyone pack up.  We’re going back to Long Island.”
Bartholomew said “But Yvonne, we like it here.  We have more room here and over there it will be even more crowded.”
“We have a barn over there too, and we’ll be secure.  He can’t find us, but we can still find him.  Once he’s dead we can come back here, can’t we June?”
She nodded as her eyes began to glow, saying “I don’t care what happens as long as we kill McCloud.”
“See.  Once we get McCloud, some of you could even stay there if you like.”
Priscilla stood up and walked up to Yvonne and stood alongside of her saying “Yvonne’s right.  We’ll at least be safe there.  We can always come back later.”
“Thank you, Priscilla.  Go and pack up all of the pistols in Lester’s collection and give them to Bartholomew to carry.  Be sure to get all of the shot and powder too.  We may need pistols before it’s over.”
***
King Charles III of Spain opened the dispatch from the French Admiral Comte de Grasse.  In it was information to the effect that de Grasse was formally thanking him for protecting the French merchant’s fleet in Cuba and that thanks to Spain, he was now free to set sail for Chesapeake Bay to engage the British fleet there with twenty nine fully-armed French ships of the line.
Turning to his daughter Esmeralda he said “I think our friend Ian McCloud would like this news, Esme.”  He then explained it to her, concluding with a good-natured remark about her being so curious regarding international affairs.  “Oh, Papa, I know that you have all kinds of minsters, but with Mama gone, who have you to really confide in?  Only I won’t judge you to be weak when things are uncertain.”
Embracing her then, the king said “How right you are, Esme.  This could be a major turning point in the war over there.  The British will never suspect that a large French fleet is approaching from the Caribbean.”
***
King Louis XVI opened the sealed dispatch in the presence of his minister of war and minister of interior.  “Well, it appears that the Spanish have offered to protect our merchant fleet in the Caribbean.  Admiral Comte de Grasse has set sail for Chesapeake Bay.  That will be sure to surprise the British.  With Washington’s forces and our own General Comte de Rochambeau north of New York City, the British are limited as to how many they can send to help their army in Virginia.  What do you gentlemen think we might do to help this matter along?
“Your majesty, we both think that Rochambeau should be told to join Washington and go south to Virginia, unless he sees something that would preclude that.”
“I must say that all of you ministers have been solidly behind me in this thing.  I’m glad not to have any bickering among us over helping the Americans.”
“Your majesty, anything that is a blow against Great Britain is a blow struck in favor of France.”  In fact, the two were both remembering that they, along with their counterparts in the French government had been the ones that had joined with the King of Spain and advised King Louis to support America some years earlier when the American Benjamin Franklin had been there seeking that support.
Now that the British were up to their ears in foreign wars, Louis was so pleased that he commonly said things to the effect that he was in favor of it all along, when in fact he had to be persuaded to involve France due to financial concerns.  Each of the two ministers wondered if the other also had a bank account in the Swiss Confederation or perhaps in Liechtenstein.  In fact both of them wondered if the ministers of the other divisions of French government didn’t all have fat foreign bank accounts, courtesy of the Laforge family.  They would never know how correct their suspicions were regarding that, nor would they ever have guessed that the Lafayettes and Laforges were one and the same people.
***
James, Melissa, the Millhouses, Cosette and Stuart all walked out the side door at mid-morning, going directly to the carriage house.  In a quarter hour the doors swung open and the butler was seen climbing up into the driver’s seat of a large carriage.  He clucked to the horses and the carriage came down the driveway, all window curtains drawn shut and turning south toward the downtown area of Manhattan, maintaining a sedate pace.  Four figures emerged from various places of concealment and ran to the road, where three of them began to trot southward along the road.  The fourth came back up the driveway and turned to go into the house.  He had nearly reached the kitchen door when James rocketed from the carriage house with a short sword and decapitated him on the walk, just a few feet from the stoop.
Thanks to the arched trellis and the cover of the Wisteria growing there, the deed was not done in an open place.  The nearest neighbors were some four hundred feet away from the Millstone house to either side with only empty pastureland lying across the road from the place and behind it.  The numerous evergreens on the property flanking both sides of their home gave it complete privacy and that was the only thing which made something like this plausible.
James took the feet of the headless corpse and dragged it to the center of a small garden area, while Cosette went to get the Millhouses.  Laura, Thelma, and Merriam followed her out of the coach house to the garden, the three of them gasping as they saw the headless corpse already aflame.  James came then with a bucket and tossed the head down some ten feet away from the flaming corpse and it burst into flame as the three astounded women gasped yet again as they watched.
Cosette came to the three and said “I’m sorry that you have to see this, but seeing it will remove any doubt about what James and I told all of you last night.  For your own safety please do what we say until this thing is past us.  These vampires mean to kill me and my husband and they’ll kill anyone else who they think knows about them.  I’m so sorry that this trouble came into your lives.  Will you accept my apology?”
The three turned to her, shock still showing on their features as Thelma spoke “All of this time you lived with us and you’re… you’re one these…”
“I’m a vampire as I told you last night.  I didn’t ask to be one nor did my husband.  I don’t regret doing what I did to find Ian.  What was I to tell you when we met?  How would you have reacted to me, a stranger telling you about all of this?”
Laura stepped forward and took Cosette’s hands in hers “I understand.  I’d do what you did if I was in your place.”
Cosette embraced her and smiled sweetly as she said “The three of you have been so much more than kind to Stuart and me.  We hope that you won’t separate from us over this.  We had hoped to remain close friends since we’re going to be living in New York City.  I’ll understand it if you can’t do that though.”
“So you’d have reunited with your husband and never have told us what…  I mean who you are?”
Cosette nodded somberly, saying “Our kind live and work with humans in Europe undetected.  In my family three of us have been married to humans.”
“My word!  That is… extraordinary to say the least” said Merriam.
“Please come along with us now.  I’ll be happy to answer questions on our way to Rebecca’s house.”
The four of them turned and walked to the carriage house as James pumped a bucket full of water from the well and rinsed away the blood near the kitchen stoop.  In minutes they were in a small two-horse carriage with James and Melissa atop the driver’s seat, heading north.
***
It was a moonless night with a steady northerly wind that caused the skeletal frames of the stately hardwood trees to sway.  The nearby evergreens sighed heavily in the cold airflow as two black-clad figures approached the Millhouse home.  They had arrived there shortly after sundown but after sitting in their carriage cautiously for a while, they had seen that there were two others concealed outside.  Figuring that there were more of them that they didn’t see, they elected to go to the Davis home but the situation was the same there.
Returning on foot to investigate the situation at the Millhouse home later they were now approaching the place from the rear.  They separated then, one staying flat on the ground in the hedge area bordering the property while the other moved silently toward where they had seen one of the two figures hiding.  As the lone black-clad figure came abreast of that place, another figure erupted from a clump of bushes and shouted “Here!  He’s here” as it hurtled toward the lone figure with a drawn sword.  That one turned and ran toward the road as three more joined the one pursuing it.
Shortly after the four figures departed in pursuit of the one, the other figure that was concealed in the border hedge emerged and quickly tried both doors.  Finding them locked, it bounded up to the 3rd story roof and began to try dormer windows.  Finding one unlocked it seemed to melt into the structure as it entered the home.
Meanwhile the lone figure who was leading the others away from the home turned suddenly and narrowly avoiding the violent slash of a saber, grabbed this nearest pursuer threw him bodily, following up with a snap-kick to the head that broke his neck.  As the figure thrashed violently on the ground, the other snatched up the saber and ran again with the other three in close pursuit, swords drawn.  After a while only one pursuer was very close, the other two having fallen back a hundred yards.  The black-clad figure spun and dropped in one smooth rapid move and slashed powerfully as the other nearly ran over him, cutting off one of his feet.  A loud roar of pain erupted and the last two closed in, thinking that their quarry was down until they saw him following through and rolling to his feet running away.
Approaching a tall hedge the lone figure leapt it easily as the other two approached.  As they leapt it the lone figure appeared leaping back over the same hedge, slashing viciously at the nearest pursuer and lopping off one of his hands.  A loud roar of pain was heard as the two came down on one side of the hedge and the lone figure landed on the other side, rocketing back toward the direction of the Millhouse home.  No one pursued the figure and in about three minutes it arrived at the side yard of the estate as the other figure appeared at the dormer and bounded down to join it.
The two rocketed away to the north, putting two miles between them and the Millhouse home and then they stopped and watched for pursuers.  Seeing none they took off their hoods and faced each other laughing, as one said “That went well.  Did you find anything?”
“Yes Li.  It’s a coded letter from Cosette.”

Chapter 103
Approaching the Stedman house, Ian made a wide circle, peering intently in the darkness to see if an ambush had been set.  After reconnoitering the grounds thoroughly, he began to close on the tenant house in back.  Slowly and methodically he crept to it and listened intently.  Finally he leapt to the second story roof and tried the three dormers finding them locked.  Bounding down he circled the darkened building, concluding that it was empty.  Similarly he cleared the two barns and then carefully moved to the manor house itself.
This one took over a half hour to investigate being as he was alone with no help, but he finally had gained entrance at a dormer by breaking a window and had slowly gone through the place even to the cellar and found it empty too.  The bloodstain was still visible on the parlor floor so he concluded that the coven had made a quick retreat.  He sat down in a large overstuffed chair and pondered the situation as he saw it.  At some point the others had returned and discovered that Grundy was gone and a decision must have been made to either evacuate the place, or they were all out waiting for him at the Millhouse home, the Davis home, or the bank building.  He thought I can go to the Millhouse’s, the Davis’s, or the bank building; or I could go to Long Island.  I wish I could find James and Melissa.  I’ll go to the Millhouse’s and if some of them are there, I’ll kill the ones I can.  That’s going to have to be good enough for tonight.
He gave a deep sigh and then departed, rocketing eastward toward the Millhouse home.
***
Cosette was speaking then to all of them at James and Melissa’s cottage as the three of them were standing there in their fighting suits, rucksacks near the door.  “If Thelma doesn’t mind, James, Melissa, and I can move into their home tomorrow and wait for them to come to us.  There is enough room for the five of you to stay here for a while.”
Rebecca spoke then saying “I can stay here.  My father is away on duty and likely not due until late springtime.”
James spoke up and said “I’ve just filled the pantry and you’ll have plenty to eat and look… it’s far safer this way.  They might take you as hostages otherwise, or worse.”
Merriam spoke then “How long will this take?”
Cosette smiled at her and said “We can’t tell, but I have help inside of the coven and Ian’s in New York City now so it won’t be too long” she said as she laughed while talking.  “I’m sorry for laughing so, but I can’t help it.  I’m so excited that Ian’s here now!”
There was a knock at the door and the three vampires had their pistols out and cocked in a flash as James peeked out a window, saying “By Heaven it’s Li and Sophia!”
Pulling open the door he said “Are we ever glad to see you two” as he beckoned for them to enter.  Li and Sophia came in wearing their black fighting suits, smiling and looking around as Cosette ran to them embracing both.  Introductions were made all around then and Li gave them all an account of their adventure at the Millhouse home, and finished by saying “I doubt they went back there tonight, but we can go back and look there first I suppose.  Where’s Ian?”
“We don’t know, but he killed Grundy and that Tory.”
Li said “I hope he leaves some of them for us to kill.” as Cosette, Sophia and Stuart laughed.  The Millhouses and Rebecca looked on wide-eyed, trying to take it all in.  
Sophia spoke sympathetically then “So you haven’t found him yet?”
With a frustrated look and shaking her head, Cosette said “No.  We know he’s in New York City because he got one last night.”
“How do you know that?”
“Celeste has been helping me.”
Sophia laughed then and threw her arms around Cosette happily as she said “Oh thank Heaven!  I bet Celine is helping her too.  Li did you hear that?”
“I did and I believe it too!”
“Oh, before I forget, I have one or two inside of the coven who want out.  One named Priscilla has become a really good friend.  She is a small woman, dark curly hair and blue eyes and she has a mate named Oliver.  Oh wait!  Celeste is trying to talk to me now.  Everyone be quiet please” she said as she sat down in a kitchen chair and assumed a blank countenance.
All present stood silent, watching, either in wonder or in confusion as Cosette sat still, staring at nothing.
Cosette, Cosette.
I’m here, Celeste.
Ian is going to the Millhouse home now!  Go now and you can meet him there.  Hurry!
Thank you.
“We leave now!  Ian’s going to Thelma’s place right now!  Hurry everyone, hurry!” she said as she grabbed her rucksack and bolted out the door, followed by the other four.
Thelma turned to the other four humans in the room and said “What just happened?” and noticing that Stuart was grinning from ear to ear.  “Please sit down Mrs. Millhouse.  I’ll explain it to all of you.  This may be even stranger than what you’ve already learned about them.”
***
Ian had circled the place carefully and could not find even one vampire so he moved in close, testing the two doors and then leaping to the rooftop to try dormers, finding one open.  Inside he glided from room to room and in minutes he decided that the place was empty, which puzzled him.  He thought I could go to the Davis house or to the bank building, but I know they’d watch the Millhouse’s.  They might have moved to the other place for safety since Grundy disappeared from the Stedmans.  Could they just be regrouping in one place to decide their next move?
Deciding that they had to be at the Long Island location, he rocketed to the room with the dormer window unlocked and exiting that window he bounded to the ground and rocketed away toward the East River.  Had he only looked in the closet he would have seen Cosette’s clothing and had he looked at the dresser he would have seen her hairbrush and comb, but he’d come looking for vampires to kill, and not for clues.
As he rocketed through the night he figured he’d have to steal a boat because he had the full array of five pistols and his powder to keep dry.  As he approached the river he began to scour the shoreline for a boat of any kind.  Turning northward he came to the ferry which was far too large and heavy and which was closed after sundown anyway.  A longboat was visible being overturned and pulled away from the shoreline to be safe from any tidal activity.  Examining it, he saw that the hull was damaged and moved on to the north.  North was the logical direction being as the river was narrower there.
Finally he found a boat about another mile further north, and throwing his rucksack and weapons into it he hastily shoved off and began to row as rapidly as possible for Long Island.  Coming to the shore he pulled the boat up well above any tidal influence, intending to return it the following night.  Shrugging into his rucksack and grabbing his broadsword and sheath he rocketed away to the south toward Brooklyn Heights.  As he came to an intersection, he stopped to recall the details of the location of the house that Grundy had given him before he had killed him.  A road angled to the east from the one he was on and he looked about seeking some sign of the description as he remembered it.  A sizeable stone farmhouse stood near the intersection with a weathervane atop it which was just visible to his keen vampire sight.  Only one window had any light showing from it.  This was one of the landmarks Grundy had mentioned so he rocketed eastward on that road, looking for the next landmark.
***
Cosette and the others were past halfway to the Millhouse home when she was aware of Celeste reaching out to her yet again.
Cosette, Cosette!
Yes, Celeste.  We’re running there now.
He left the Millhouse’s and has just crossed the East River!  He is now running east on a road… it is Queen’s Road!
Thank you Celeste, thank you!
Without breaking stride she shouted to the other four “He left the Millhouse place and crossed the East River so we need a boat!”
In minutes they were at the river and Cosette said “James and Melissa come with me to the north.  Li, you and Sophia go south.  First one who finds a boat fire off a shot!  Hurry!”
They parted ways then, all of them scouring the shoreline for a boat.
***
Celeste sat in the parlor of the Chateau with Celine straddling her lap, and each of them had their hands on the sides of the other one’s head, just above the ears.  They appeared to be in a trance, both staring into each other’s eyes as the entire family sat around them, hushed as they sat on the edge of their seats.
Celine, we have to watch what Uncle Ian sees really well now because we have to tell Aunt Cosette where he is going.
Yes Mama.  I’m counting the houses he sees as he runs.  He runs so fast Mama!
Cosette, Cosette!
I hear you, Celeste.
Look real good when you come to that river ferry.  There might be a boat there to take besides that big ferry barge.

Chapter 104
Yvonne stood in the center of her coven saying “The reason I pulled everyone away from watching tonight is that the four who were at the Millhouse place were attacked by McCloud and he got away.  I think he will come back again if we’re patient, but I want for all of us to be in one place together so we can be sure to kill him.”
Bartholomew said “We stand a better chance of getting him sooner if we split up” as several others spoke up in agreement.
Yvonne’s eyes blazed as she said “We will all go and wait at the Millhouse place tomorrow night.  Four of you will watch it all day tomorrow, and not you four idiots who let one man beat you!”
“Yvonne, it wasn’t like that.  He ran away from us and I stayed closest to him but somehow he turned on me and threw me and broke my neck!”  Another one chimed in then saying “I saw that and I had almost caught him and he cut off my foot.”
Stefan’s eyes blazed as he shook his head in disgust while saying “I suppose you other two idiots have some excuse too?”
“Well, no… well, maybe.  We both were very close and he jumped over a really tall hedge and then he jumped back over it again as we were jumping over it and he cut off my hand!  It took the two of us nearly a quarter hour to find it and he was long gone.”
“So one vampire got away from the four of you and you wonder why I want to have all of us together to kill him?  You four are lucky even to be alive!”
Priscilla came to stand beside Yvonne and said “She’s right.  He’s too good at fighting.  We have to be together to kill him.”
“Every one of you has hunted and fed this evening so no one leaves this place tonight.  Tomorrow I’ll pick four of you to watch the Millhouse place and the rest of us will split into smaller groups and prowl around the markets.  We might get lucky.”  Turning to Priscilla she put an arm about her shoulders saying in a low voice “Thank you for backing me, Priscilla” as Priscilla nodded and smiled, putting her head on Yvonne’s shoulder for a bit.
Over in a corner, Bartholomew sulked as he saw Yvonne and Priscilla talking.  He took out the pistol he’d taken from Lester Stedman’s collection when they had departed from that house.  It was an especially nice piece, skillfully engraved and inlaid in gold with polished rosewood hand grips finely engraved.  It came with its own embossed leather box including a finely carved powder horn tipped in silver instead of the tin which was so common, and also a good supply of powder.  There were near to fifty pieces of shot in a small elaborately painted and embossed tin and all was custom fitted in the inner case which was silk lined and padded.  The thing looked like it cost a fortune and likely it did.  He began to clean and load it to distract himself from the anger he felt toward Priscilla.
Just as Yvonne was about to walk away, Priscilla spoke in a low voice.  “Can I have a bit of private time with Oliver in our old room?”
Smiling, she said “Of course, Priscilla.  Take all of the time you two want.”
Smiling conspiratorially at Yvonne, Priscilla made her way through the group to Oliver who was talking with several of the others.  Reaching for his hand, she drew him to his feet as she backed toward the staircase, a sly smile on her face.
Alone in their room, Oliver came to her and began to kiss her softly as she pulled him toward the bed.  The two sat down there and shared a long passionate kiss.  As Oliver began to gently kiss her throat and nuzzle and kiss her around her ear, she whispered “Ollie, we have to talk right this minute.”
Mmmm.  Can’t it wait” he whispered as he again moved his lips gently to her throat, placing little kisses along her neck and moving his lips lower and lower.  Squirming then she laughed softly and pushed him away, whispering “Look into my eyes, Ollie.”
He sat up straight then, a concerned look on his face as she continued whispering “I’m leaving this coven.  I want you to come with me, but if you won’t, I’m leaving anyway.”
He sat still then, staring at her in disbelief as the buzz of the conversations of the others downstairs filtered through the walls.
“I can’t believe it.  You’re so good with all of us and Yvonne likes you so well.”
“I know that there’s a better life out there waiting for me and I’ve found it.  There are others like us who love and care about each other, and they do live so much better than we do, Ollie.  I’m going to go and live with them.”
“But there are no others like us in America, except for McCloud.”
“That’s not so.  There are others and they live as I said they do.  McCloud’s not my enemy.  He is Yvonne and Stefan’s enemy because they were helping a group of Satanists in France.  These others I’m telling you about went to free the children they were going to sacrifice.  Ollie, one of those others is Ian McCloud.”
Oliver stared at her wide-eyed “How… how do you know that?”
“I’ve met his wife, Cosette.  Oh Ollie, she’s a wonderful person, and she has become my very best friend too.”  She then took both of his hands and raising them to her lips she kissed them, saying “Please come away with me, Ollie.”
He sat there staring at her and then he gathered her into his arms and then he whispered “I’ll go with you.  I love you Priscilla.  My life would be miserable without you.”
She pulled back a bit and looked at him then, tears forming in the corners of her eyes as she said “I love you too, Ollie.”  Kissing him tenderly then, she pulled away a bit and looking somberly at him said “Something is going to happen soon with this McCloud thing Ollie.  Maybe tonight… maybe tomorrow or the next day; when it does, please stay near me and follow my lead.”

Chapter 105
Coming to the last landmark Ian paused to peer closely at it.  There stood a large barn that had seen better days.  It had a weathervane on it and a really large Oak tree stood to the left side of it, towering over it as if standing guard.  Just beyond it on the left was a dirt lane that led through a small patch of trees to a house sitting some three hundred yards from the road.  Lights were visible in several windows.
Believing that this was the place he began to take extra precautions.  It was beyond even good luck to think that he could invade the place and kill them all.  Grundy had said to expect sixteen of them not counting him.  It would take more than good luck to get that many.  As he slowly and carefully crept toward the place, his senses were tuned to their highest level, especially his hearing.  Who knew if sentries were posted all around?  So it was that he stealthily glided through the grove of trees, carefully placing each foot so as not to make a sound.
***
At the chateau, Marie got up and quickly moved her chair to where it was opposite where Celeste and Celine were sitting.  Placing it directly across from them she gingerly sat down on the edge of it and reaching out, she placed her hands over Celeste’s hands on both sides of Celine’s head and closed her eyes.  First she went to the imaginary door in her mind, visualizing it closed and she opened it.  Then she visualized Cosette as she remembered her.  Gradually she began to get a picture of Cosette; a detail of her face came clearly into focus.  This changed gradually to a living picture of her in motion, her striking gray eyes moving about as if she was searching for something while running.
Concentrating on her eyes, Marie willed herself to flow into them as it were, seeming to move closer to them as they became where they dominated the entire image in her mind’s eye and then suddenly she was inside, looking out and seeing a dark shoreline as a structure loomed nearer.  It appeared to be a bridge at first, but then she realized that Cosette was seeing a pier and that a bulky object tied to it was a ferry boat.  It passed by and another boat was seen pulled up and turned over.  It came closer as Cosette approached it.
***
 “James, Melissa!  Here is what we need!”
“It’s damaged near the waterline.  Look right here” said James as he pointed to it.  There was a splintered plank and sure enough there was a place that was about a foot long that had a gap in it that was a crack maybe a quarter inch wide along its length.  It looked to him like it was a good ten inches below the water line, as if it had hit a rock near the shore at some time.
“The four of us can row it fast enough to get over before it sinks.  That big ferry barge will take us too long to row across.”
James said “Let’s try it.  If we swim we’ll get over faster, but we might just as well leave our pistols behind.”  She pulled a pistol and fired off a shot, as James and Melissa righted it and carried it to the water’s edge.  Cosette came to it and pulling her hood from a pocket of her fighting suit; she twisted it tightly and began to gently poke and force it into the crack from the outside of the hull, using her knife blade.  She had crudely but tightly wedged it into the crack by the time Li and Sophia had arrived and she pulled it into the water, holding it while the others got in.  Li and James sat nearer the center and manned the oars as Cosette shoved them away and bounded into the boat, rocking it somewhat.
Sophia spoke then “Be careful not to row so hard that you break an oar.”  Li and James had settled into a steady but very rapid rhythm and the boat speedily knifed its way through the inky waters of the darkened river, moving steadily faster toward the dark shores of Long Island.  Cosette reloaded her pistol as the distant shoreline grew closer bit by bit.
***
Ian had reached the house by now and was stealthily circling it to be doubly sure that no sentries had been posted.  He didn’t relish the thought of trying to kill or outrun sixteen vampires, but he thought that he could breach a door or window suddenly and kill the leader and maybe a few others.  He could then leave and run for it, getting safely away during those first moments of surprise and shock before they thought to follow him.  It would be best if he would run away from New York City and not toward it, and by so doing to evade any pursuers.  As he thought about it, unless they maintained visual contact with him, he would be assumed to be running back toward New York City, the same direction he’d come from.  Pursuers would instinctively go that way since going the other way there was only the Atlantic Ocean.
Loss of their leader and anyone else he might kill in the few seconds he would be among them might just be enough to cause the coven to break up what with those deaths added to the deaths of the other two.  For one thing, they wouldn’t feel safe anywhere if he found them here and killed a couple of them tonight and then got away clean.  Surely they would be demoralized and if not, he would keep on killing them as he ran across them.  Satisfied that was a workable plan if he stayed focused; he came to a window and focused his hearing to its most sensitive.
Several conversations were in progress then, and from what he could discern, the subject was either about him and wondering how he had gotten three of them already, or about wanting to move back to the Stedman estate.  Another conversation mentioned having a foot cut off while in pursuit of McCloud.  That one stopped him cold and he strained to hear more, thinking how can one of this group have had a foot cut off chasing me?  I wonder if one of them chased James and that’s how it happened.  I wish I could have found him and Melissa.  We should have had a plan to join up if we were ever separated.
As he listened another one chimed in with an account of how he had lost a hand the previous night chasing McCloud and he referred to another coven member as having his neck broken.  Ian turned that over in his mind, thinking James had a good night.  I almost wish I’d been with him.  Half of this bunch may jump out of a window when I come in after hearing all of this talk about me doing all of these things in one night.
In other circumstances he might have found this situation humorous, but instead he grimly moved to another window to glean what he could and to get a better idea of the floor layout of the place.  On this night he had no room in his heart for seeing the humorous side of any situation.
After a bit, he’d seen more of the floor layout and had moved on.  He found the back door unlocked but thought that if he could come in undetected upstairs, he might be among them before they realized it.  The more he thought of that option, the better he liked it because it would give him an elevated view of the parlor and foyer and who would expect an enemy to come from inside of the house?
He leapt silently to the roof and made his way to the westernmost dormer, easing up to it and peeking in.  The room was very dimly lit and he saw a petite young female with curly black hair kissing a young male and the two of them were undressing each other.  He thought there are two of them who’ll be otherwise occupied when I arrive.
At the next dormer he again encountered an amorous couple already further along than the other couple.  He moved on to the third window and again he saw yet a third couple also already further along than the first couple.  At another time he would have thought all of this to be funny, but tonight he only had killing on his mind and thought this is a good sign.  With six of them busy, that leaves ten who I will have to contend with when I go in.  Looks like it’s going to be the back door after all and it has to be now!

Chapter 106
“We’re taking on water!”  said Li as he doggedly kept his rowing rhythm matched to that of James.  Melissa jumped up and stepped to the seat between James and Li and reached down to find that the water was already up to her wrist and the bow was already lower in the water than it should have been.  She said “Li’s right.  There are several inches of it here!”
Being that her weapons were all in her rucksack, Cosette simply did a back somersault from the seat the three had been sharing at the stern of the rowboat and came up in a flash.  Putting both hands across the stern she stretched out and began to kick the water to a white froth behind her and the boat picked up speed noticeably.  In seconds Melissa had joined her while Sophia had gathered all of their rucksacks and moved them to the rear of the boat.  In seconds she had joined the other two in the water and the boat really took off then, a long frothy wake appearing behind it clearly visible even on the moonless night.
James and Li picked up their tempo noticeably too and the boat steadily ate up the remaining distance to the shoreline.  Details of the shore began to be barely visible then as they neared it.  The bow of the boat was nearly down to the water line now as it plowed ashore, grinding on the mud and gravel as it stopped.  Grabbing their rucksacks, the five of them rocketed eastward until they came to a road.
Cosette raised her hand and stopped all of them at the road as she held her hands over her ears and concentrated on the voice in her mind.
Cosette!  Look for a stone farm house with a weathervane on top.  That is Queen’s highway and it goes to the coven house.  Hurry!  Ian’s ready to go in!
“Quickly now!  Li, you and Sophia go left and look for a stone farmhouse with a weathervane on top.  A road will branch off from this one at that house.  When you see it, fire a shot.  We will go right and do likewise.”  The five of them split up then, each group rocketing away in different directions.
As she ran, Cosette again heard Celeste in her mind saying I’ll be right back.  We’re trying something here!
***
Nearly four thousand miles away in a chateau east of Marseille a family all sat tensely, sensing that something had changed as they watched Celeste reach around Celine to pull her to her breast and put her hands to Marie’s head as Marie leaned close against Celine’s back, her hands atop Celine’s hands.
Celine.  We have to try to talk to Uncle Ian now sweetheart.  We really have to try real hard.
I’ll try real hard, Mama.
So will I.
So will I and may God help us!
All together now and kick down that door!
***
As he reached for the door handle suddenly in his mind came an overpowering thought or an idea or something that he didn’t recall ever happening and that thought was saying Ian wait!  Wait!  Help is coming! 
He paused and waited, thinking what was that all about?  If I didn’t know better I would have sworn there were three people telling me to wait.  How could that possibly be?
He stood there in the blackness then pondering this development with great wonder and waited to see if it would repeat itself as the group inside began to sing a song.  One of them had brought out a mandolin and was playing it while the others were singing along.  The music distracted him then as he was trying to listen for the voices to repeat what they said.
He thought this is perfect.  They can’t hear me now even if I break a window.  Six of them upstairs having their own fun to boot.  It’s now or never!
***
Cosette stopped at the intersection, peering closely at the house in the darkness.  There was one light burning in one window.  In her mind came Celine’s voice saying that’s the one, Aunt Cosette!  That’s the road!
Thank you!
Cosette raised her pistol and fired a shot.  Melissa and James turned to her then as James said “This is it?”
“Yes” said Cosette as she began to reload her pistol at vampire speed.  Melissa marveled at her ability, saying “James taught me to do that, but I’m not that fast yet.”
“Speed isn’t as important as doing it right, but at times like tonight it is.”  Finished, she put the pistol back into her rucksack and fished around in it pulling out a small tin which she opened and inspected, snapping it closed and putting it back.
“I’m going ahead.  You’ll pass seven houses; five of them will be on your right side, and two on your left.  After the second house on the left, you’ll come to a dilapidated barn on your left with a weathervane on its top.  Next to that will be a little road that goes left off of this one through some trees to a house.  That’s where Ian is now.  I’ll use some of my gunpowder to start a fire in the leaves alongside the road where you turn off.  Hurry!  Ian’s going in the door now!” she shouted as she rocketed away to the east.
***
The sound of mandolin music and voices singing became louder as he slowly opened the back door and glided in, silently closing it.  He felt around him and verified that his five flintlock pistols were in their holsters, unfastening the retainer strap on each of them.  Next he touched the hunting knife at his right side behind the pistol on that hip freeing its retaining strap and sliding it up and back down.  Reaching over his head he undid the stay on the short sword hanging down his back between his shoulder blades, pulled it partway out and slid it back just to be sure it was loose.  Satisfied that all weapons were ready, he glided forward and as the song came to a place where they were singing louder, he drew two of the pistols from his shoulder holsters, cocking them.
Meanwhile upstairs, Bartholomew crept to the door to Priscilla’s room and pressed an ear to it, trying to hear anything he could as the music from below grew louder.  About then he felt a hand grab his collar and pull him back away from the door.  Spinning around he saw Yvonne staring at him, green eyes blazing.  “Damn you Bartholomew!  Come along now.  Leave those two alone and find your own partner.” she said through clenched teeth.
Gliding forward, Ian approached the parlor and foyer area where they were gathered and came silently out into the light seeking the leader of the coven.  A female near the far wall saw him first and her mouth suddenly froze in an open position as her eyes widened in disbelief while the others sang on.  Ian had only seen eight of them up to now so two vampires were unaccounted for besides the six that he knew were upstairs in the bedrooms, but it was too late to turn back.
He leveled both pistols and fired just an instant after the female vampire screamed, hitting two males in their heads.  They dropped and began to twitch and flail about as pandemonium broke loose.  The vampires bellowed and screeched in surprise and fear as he continued forward, snap-kicking one female nearest him in her stomach and driving her back into the lap of a male on the sofa who was trying to rise.  It was as if a lion had been dropped into a pack of hyenas as everybody shrank back in terror, trying to get away from the dreadful black-clad figure.  One of them screamed “It’s McCloud!” as the mass of them shrank back from the destroyer.
Yvonne turned from admonishing Bartholomew in shock and leapt to the handrail overlooking the foyer just in time to see the entire coven backing toward the staircase in terror even as they shouted and screamed curses.
Ian had dropped both pistols the second he’d fired them and already had the other two out and was seeking targets.  In seconds he had shot two more of the males in their heads, who joined their fellows, twitching and flopping about on the floor.
Leaping forward he drew his short sword in a blur and lopped off the heads of those four even as the others had just started to realize that he was alone.  Some were turning and looking frantically for swords as others had pulled out knives and were even now crowding together, yet still retreating from the dreadful figure.
In the upstairs rooms two of the three doors opened and naked couples peered out, wide eyed.  Yvonne laid hold of them and propelled them toward the staircase shouting “Get down there now!”
In her room, Priscilla said “Get dressed now Ollie and please stay close to me!” as she hastily dressed.
One who had found a sword charged out of the pack toward him and Ian met him skillfully, parrying his rapid strokes easily and suddenly transferring the sword to his left hand he changed tactics and ran the vampire through, pulling his sword free and cutting off his sword-hand as his arms flailed, even while seeking another target, snap-kicking the one-armed vampire back into his fellows.
Still in a battle crouch he moved forward toward the now-massed group who began to shout with rage, brandishing what weapons they had managed to find even as they closed ranks and formed a knot against the staircase.  Only then did Ian come into Yvonne’s view.  Her eyes blazed brightly in hatred as she and Bartholomew looked on.
Five of the vampires had found sabers and by now all of the rest had knives.  Ian hadn’t seen their leader and had about decided to leave when a gunshot rang out.
Pain exploded in his head as he heard an excited cry “I got him.”  Bartholomew raised a smoking pistol above his head and waved it exuberantly.
Ian felt himself falling on his back and began to realize that he was flailing about at an eye-blurring speed as he had seen so many vampires do after he had shot them in the head.  The knot of vampires raised their weapons, eyes glowing in hatred and with a great cry they rushed in to the slaughter even as he thrashed violently, his body now completely out of his control.  He lay helpless before the onslaught now and thought I came here scarcely six years ago just to help start a bank for my family and look at what I’ve come to.  He began to feel the stabbing pains as the females reached him first and began to screech in rage as they stabbed furiously into his unprotected chest and stomach while the males pressed forward to get their turn.  His eyes rolled upward and the roar of the descending vampires drowned out everything else and then began to recede as his mind drifted back to the day he first saw America.
Suddenly a loud voice screamed “Stop!  Stop!”  A petite figure leaped from the balcony and landed in the midst of the vampires driving three of them down to fall across Ian which stopped the onslaught.  Priscilla shot to her feet instantly pulling the females off of Ian with all of her strength and when one of them snarled and turned on her, Priscilla parried her knife thrust and in an eye-blurring movement she twisted the knife from the female’s hand, grabbing it while breaking her wrist.  Turning she drove her foot in a powerful side kick to that one’s stomach, lifting and driving her back to land on her back stunned.  Following through and in the same motion she continued to pivot, and slashed viciously with the knife, ripping one of the other females open across her face and following that with a snap kick to the stomach, she doubled that one over, as the others screamed with rage and turned on her.
By then Yvonne had fought her way to Priscilla and with her eyes blazing she shouted “Stop!  All of you stop!  Priscilla!  What’s the meaning of this?”  The others fell silent then as Priscilla lowered her knife and stood up from the battle crouch she was in.  Her eyes began to quit glowing and she handed the knife to Yvonne and said in a loud voice “This vampire buried a king’s ransom in Manhattan somewhere and you fools want to kill him?  What in hell is wrong with you?  No wonder Yvonne gets so angry at the lot of you!”

Chapter 107
Cosette had passed the second house on the left and thought she saw a structure near the road just ahead on the left side.
Celeste spoke to her in her mind saying it should be an old barn with a weathervane and a large tree hanging over it.
Yes!  That’s it!
She knelt then and scrabbled a pile of dried leaves together at vampire speed then, adding what twigs and such that she could find.  Making a little hole in the middle of the pile she poured all of her gunpowder in the center of it and quickly struck a match.
With a ‘WHOOM’ sound the pile lit and Cosette quickly added more tinder as well as two sizeable pieces of dead wood lying there.  Ripping open her rucksack she put her five pistols into their holsters unsecured and slid her short sword into its sheath hanging between her shoulder blades.  Her eyes blazing she rocketed toward the dim lights she could just make out between the trees.
Celine said Uncle Ian is down, Aunt Cosette.  He’s hurt!
Cosette felt Celine weeping then as Celeste and Marie spoke to her mind saying my God Cosette, hurry, hurry!
***
There was a muttering then as several of the vampires spoke up, one of them saying “I didn’t hear about this?  What’s this talk of hidden money?”
Priscilla continued then in a loud voice saying “Grundy was using his rank in the army to punish McCloud for humiliating him.  He was going to have him arrested for sedition.  McCloud found out and hid all of the bank’s funds he brought to America to keep the British Army from taking them.”
Shoving her aside, Yvonne ripped off Ian’s hood, saying “Where did you put that money, McCloud?” as he lay bleeding, his eyes rolled up in his head and his body twitching.  Yvonne drew back her foot and started to kick Ian in the head as Priscilla blocked her and pleaded in a loud voice “Yvonne, let him heal first and then we can get him to talk.”
She hesitated for a bit, turning it over in her mind.  How much money does a bank need to start up in a large city she thought?  A lot more than Stefan and I were being paid for this job.  Why can’t we have all of it?  She turned then, smiling at Priscilla and said “I don’t know what we’d do without you, Priscilla.”
About then Stefan came forward with an axe in one hand.  Furious that his wife had given herself to other men for so long just to find this one he began to raise the axe for a killing stroke as he advanced, eyes glowing in hatred.  He screamed at the top of his lungs as he moved toward them “He dies now!”
At that instant a window exploded into their midst and a black clad figure landed with an unearthly scream.  Her gray eyes blazed with fury as she rolled to her feet in one fluid motion, her hair flying wildly about her face.  She drew two pistols in the blink of an eye, shooting Stefan in the head even as he swung the axe, burying it in Ian’s neck.  The impact of the slug rocked him back even as he swung the axe, causing it to strike a few inches off of dead center.  The other bullet found its mark in the head of another male standing beside him.
The place erupted in roars and screams of surprise and fear then as Cosette spun, her hair flying wildly about her head, as with eyes glowing she sought two more targets.  In less than a heartbeat she had shot two more males in the head even as they were backing away in fear.  These two were naked, having just descended the staircase.  Before the guns she dropped had hit the floor she became a virtual tornado of violent rage as her sword seemingly appeared in her hands and she began a relentless attack with yet another unearthly scream.  The seven vampires remaining on their feet were all females, two of them naked having come downstairs with their lovers who were now thrashing about on the floor.  All of them including Yvonne shrank back from this avenging angel with the blazing eyes.
Homing in on Yvonne, Cosette darted toward her even as Yvonne drew her sword with a scream.  Yvonne fell back from Cosette’s onslaught, and knew in seconds that she was no match for this raging creature as she desperately tried to parry and retreat, all the while screaming “Kill her!  Kill her!  She’s alone!  Attack her now you fools or you’ll die!”
That rallied the six other females so that three of them advanced with swords and three with knives, eyes glowing with hate, yet not rushing in for fear of falling under her flashing blade.  They slowly pressed inward, not one of them committing their self as a target, but all in unison.  Cosette had to begin to retreat as Ian thrashed about helplessly on the floor. Only the whites of his eyes were showing even while his head lolled about, only attached by his spine and some tendons on one side.
She stood over him, determined not to leave that place while she had life in her body and she held the seven of them at bay as her sword became a moving, living instrument of death, flashing in the light of the oil lamps and making a shrieking sound of its own as it cleaved the air about them.
“Now, cut her down now” screamed Yvonne, as the group began to bear in on Cosette who was grimly standing over Ian, determined not to yield another inch of ground to them.  Priscilla rocketed up the stairs to retrieve her sword and in seconds she had it and screaming in fury she leapt from the balcony, eyes blazing as she engaged the first one she came to, distracting the others for a moment, but the others quickly turned back to Cosette and began to press her again as Oliver leapt from the balcony and plunged his knife into another of the females who screeched in rage and attacked him with a vengeance.
Two more windows exploded into the room then and four more black-clad figures rolled to their feet.  Quickly the five remaining females were shot in the head even as they screeched in fear, falling down thrashing violently.  Yvonne was blown off her feet by the impact, driven across the foyer toward the back hallway where she fell in the shadows twitching.  In the chaos of the melee, no one noticed the female that had been stabbed by Priscilla drag herself to the kitchen and disappear, along with one male who had finally recovered from his head wound and had also crawled out of the scene of the slaughter through the kitchen.
Dropping her sword, Cosette fell down on her knees next to Ian, and gently cradled his head to her breast, holding him so that the awful gash made by the axe on one side of his neck could close itself.  “Li!  Someone help me!  Quickly now Li, hold him still!”
Li flashed to her side and with Oliver the two of them held Ian still so that his awful neck wound could close.  Priscilla came and held down his feet to keep him completely still.
It was a macabre scene then as Cosette knelt there with Ian in the midst of ten thrashing bodies and four more headless corpses.  No one spoke then and the only sounds heard were the sounds that the vampires made as they thrashed about and Cosette calling Ian’s name repeatedly.  Every few seconds a thud would be heard as Sophia, James, and Melissa would decapitate another vampire.  Finally the last thrashing body was still and everyone gathered around Ian and Cosette, kneeling to watch and wait.  No one paid the slightest heed to over a dozen severed vampire heads lying about with eyes rolling and mouths moving silently

Chapter 108
The family all waited expectantly as Marie took her hands down from their place on Celine’s hands and sat back.  She turned to them with a tired looking smile and said “The fighting is stopped and our people won.  Cosette is sitting with Ian now and the others are with her.”
Everyone gave a loud cheer then and both Aimee and Xavier were snatched up by Louis and Mustafa and whirled about over their heads as they danced about the room laughing.  Henri restrained himself and said “Marie, what is it?”
“The wound in Ian’s neck is a bad one.  His head was nearly severed and Cosette is even now sitting with him.”
Henri looked over at Celine and Celeste and the two of them sat staring at each other as if in a trance, obviously still linked to Cosette and monitoring the situation.
***
Ian lay there, aware only that the din of battle had died and not seeing anything.  It seemed as if there was someone persistently knocking at a door in his mind, as if they demanded that he answer it.  In fact it seemed as if that door was open, but he couldn’t see who was there for the light coming from the doorway itself.  He became aware of his name resounding in his consciousness and it was repeated over and over again as if the light itself was calling out to him.
Filtering in around that or through it was the sound of gentle weeping and the physical sound of his name being called gently, punctuating that weeping.  He tried to speak physically and couldn’t.  His mind bent itself to the task of speaking and suddenly he heard a voice in his mind say it’s Celeste, Ian.  Can you hear us?  Then Celine said Uncle Ian, can you hear me?  This is Celine.
I…  I… hear you both.  I… was shot.  Am I dead?
No Ian.  You’re alive.  Cosette is there with you now!
I’m dead then.  Cosette is dead.  Why are you tormenting me?  Who are you, really?  Go away and leave me in peace.
Ian, this is Marie.  Li and Sophia are there too.  So are James and Melissa.  You’re hurt, but you’ll heal, son.  You’ll heal.  We all love you Ian.  Please come back to us son.  Please come back.
Come back, Uncle Ian, come back!
Ian!  Please come back!
Cosette sat weeping quietly; gently holding Ian’s head to her breast, her hair spilling over his face while saying in a low voice “Ian.  Ian.  Come back to me, love” as she gently wept over him, her tears now falling on his face as she watched the wound begin to knit.
Li said “Look, it’s closing up now everyone!”  Cosette nodded and wept as she began to rock him ever so gently.  The deep gash began to close itself before their eyes then at a slightly faster pace as the slug from the gunshot wound was suddenly expelled from his head and tumbled down across his face to rest in the crook of Cosette’s arm as she gave a little cry of joy “Oh look, everyone!  Look at that!”
Even as she spoke the head wound closed and his eyes fluttered.  Li held a flask to his lips then, dribbling a little nourishment into his mouth and waiting.  Every little bit he would tip the flask slightly, pouring a bit in and waiting until finally Ian swallowed it and began to take it faster.
His eyes opened then and he was aware of a faint scent of lilac and of the oval shape of a lovely face framed by honey-blond hair with golden highlights, visible even in the oil lamps lighting the room.  Lovely gray eyes looked intently into his, tears streaming from them and falling uninterrupted on his face.
He moved his lips and finally croaked “Co…  Cosette.  I am dead then.  Here you are.  I… love you, Cosette.  You… you waited.  You waited for me here… here on the other side.”
“I’m here in America, love.  And you’re not dead” she said as she bent to kiss his lips gently.  As she raised her head, gazing at him lovingly he was aware of the way her hair framed her lovely face and he was taken back some fourteen years to a fateful night in Marseille, France when this same lovely woman had saved his life.
“Cosette.  Are we in Marseille?”
“No love.  We’re in America?”
He began to see other faces peering at him, coming into view, faces he knew.  “Li” he croaked” Is that you?”
“Yes.  Hello Ian.”
“You’re dead too?”
Laughing then Li said “No and neither are you.”
Sophia crowded into view then, smiling brilliantly saying “Hello, Ian.  I’m not dead either, nor is James or Melissa.  You gave us quite a scare.”
James came into view with Melissa, both smiling at him as James said “Look at what happens when I’m not around to watch your back.  This thing almost got away from us!”
He looked again at Cosette and weakly raised a hand to caress her cheek gently, as she took that hand and pressed it to her lips saying “Oh praise God, Ian.  You’re alive and so am I.  Praise God everyone!” and she then wept for joy, bending over him to sob as all of the pent up tension and frustration left her at once.  She began to kiss him all over his face as she wept, both laughing and crying at the same time.  He began to weep for joy as he realized that they were indeed both alive.  They clung to each other then, weeping and laughing as the others looked on, sharing their joy.
Priscilla looked on with wonder, thinking that’s what love is, and that’s what I want.  Praise God that I’m with these people now!  She reached and took Oliver’s hand and raised it to her lips and kissed it as tears formed in her eyes.  Standing near and just behind her, he put his other arm about her and kissed the top of her head, holding her close.  None of them had noticed that a figure lying in the hallway to the kitchen had quit thrashing about several minutes earlier and had crawled silently toward the back of the house.

Chapter 109
Nearly four thousand miles away everyone in the parlor of the chateau gave a great cheer and began to laugh and hug each other.  Marie, Celeste, and Celine sat weeping for joy and hugging each other as the others crowded about asking for details.  It was well into the morning before they had wrung every detail out of Celeste and Celine that they could.  However, neither of them nor Marie said anything about Ian having been married to Moon Owl.  Both Marie and Celeste agreed that it was up to Ian to tell about that in his own time and if he never brought it up, they wouldn’t either.  Little Celine was admonished to never mention it unless her Uncle Ian said something about it first.  She had agreed that it would be their special secret.
***
The cleanup at the place lasted until sunrise.  Priscilla and Oliver weren’t there for that, having been chosen to go to James and Melissa’s cottage and tell everyone there that it was over.
The others told Ian and Cosette to just be together while they took over the job of cleaning up the site.  It was a leased home, so at some point in time someone would come there.  All traces of the battle excepting for the broken windows were cleaned from the place.
Ian and Cosette walked alone in the darkness before dawn, hand in hand.  They stopped often to embrace or to kiss as she filled him in on how she had found the family again and rejoined them at the chateau about the time he was departing for America.  Time spent as a spy courier for the Culpers was mentioned as well and Ian shared with her that he too had been used as a courier for some intelligence documents.  She concluded with how she’d finally made contact with Celeste and her daughter, Celine.  That took some time as he was dumbfounded, and at the same time he shared how that they had contacted him.
He began then to tell her of his life since the time when all of the family had thought her to be dead.  His relationships with Anna and Alyssa were covered regarding the timeline of his involvement and he took somewhat longer to tell her about Alandra and how her death had been the thing to push him to come to America.  She nodded at times and squeezed his hand at times when she sensed that he was sad in retelling it.  Often they stopped walking and merely embraced or he would turn to her and gravely lift both of her hands to his lips and kiss each one as tears would form in his eyes.
“Ah, Cosette.  I’m sorry to be so… so emotional but I confess that this is one conversation I never thought to have in this life no matter how bizarre the life of a vampire can get!”
She nodded her understanding and raised his hand to her lips as they walked along in the starlight.  Coming at last to a large flat stone about the height of a table the two of them sat on it.  Giving a deep sigh he began to tell her about his time in America and how it came to pass that he and James had decided to leave for fear of being jailed and having to expose their powers to escape.  She nodded her understanding and then she laughed as he described how he and James had hidden all of the bank’s startup funds in cemeteries.
Finally he came to the part where he and James had found Moon Owl about to be raped by her kidnapper and it was only minutes when he told about how she and he became involved.  She listened intently, never letting go of his hand and nodding her head at times, showing her understanding.
“After James and I took her to her people, we built her and her mother a cabin and in the springtime, I returned to see her and it was then that I realized that I was truly coming to love her deeply.  I asked her to marry me, Cosette.  She accepted and we were married by the Sachem of her village.”  Here he paused and looked at her.  She turned to him with a gentle smile and said “Shall I condemn you for doing what I might well have done in your place?”
Sighing deeply he said “Ah, Cosette.  I asked her if she’d cross over and she accepted.  We were going to live in New York City some of the time and with her people some of the time.  They are wonderful people by the way.  But I wanted you to know that I had determined to make a life together with her here in America.”  He stood then and turned to her; standing in front of her seated on the rock and said “I loved her with all of my heart, Cosette.  Just as I love you and just as I loved Alandra.  She was a wonderful wife, not to replace you or Alandra, but in her own unique way.”  Here he stopped and raised her hands to his lips as tears formed, coursing down his cheeks.
His Scottish accent had become a bit more prominent as he became more emotional, continuing in a husky voice saying “You did nothing to deserve what’s happened to you.  I on the other hand…  I…  I’m sometimes not so sure of that.  I’m sorry that all of the bad things happened to you and it breaks my heart more than you can know that you suffered so in France.”
“Ian, I was practically asleep all of those years in hibernation I had no inkling of the time that had passed.”
“But you were burnt terribly.”
“As were you; Marie told me you took three days to heal.”
“I can only guess what it was like, being here looking for me.  I…  I… canna stand it lass.  It was too cruel!  I… Oh, the thought of it burns me to my soul!” he said as his voice broke and he sank to his knees and began to weep silently before her, his head in her lap.  “Forgive me please, Cosette.  Forgive me.”
She lowered her head onto his and wept quietly with him and clung to him in the darkness as she said “Forgive you for what; for our fate together in this life?  Would any of this happened had I not tried to save that last child that night?  Didn’t I cause as much of this as anyone?  I thank God that I’ve found you.”
The two talked then at length about the family in France and of all the things they’d been doing that Ian didn’t know about.  Although they didn’t know it, they began to shed their grief and to commence their healing.

Chapter 110
June Stedman sat in the waiting room of the chief of staff of the British High Command.  Newly promoted Major Jonathan Siebert came to her, smiling superficially as he said “I am so sorry for the delay Mrs. Stedman.  Now as I understand it, you’re declaring your husband to be dead and are also allowing the British Army to billet officers in your home?”
“Yes.  My husband opposed that and got away with it due to our families’ influence in London.  I don’t feel that way.  I can easily take twelve officers and maybe three of their aides.  The place is ready, and I have a tenant house out back that will accommodate twelve soldiers as well.  I only ask that four be on duty around my place at all times, day or night.”
“Excellent, madam.  Excellent!”  I’ll draw up the necessary paperwork to expedite that this very day.  You can expect, uhmmm… let me see here.  Ah yes!  Here it is.  You can expect six of the officers this day along with all twelve of the soldiers as well.  On behalf of his Majesty, I thank you for your hospitality.”  He thought we thank Tories loyal to the king and at the same time we force patriots take soldiers in their homes at the point of a bayonet.  No wonder we’re hated here so much!  Oh well, a career is a career.  What would I do if not for the King’s Army?
Rising with a smile, June said “Then I’m finished here.  Good day, Major Siebert.”  As she walked out of the door she thought now let them try to come after me with British officers and soldiers quartered at my home.
“Good day, Mrs. Stedman” he said as he thought something’s different about that woman.  I met her at a gala not that long ago and she was different than she is now.  What is it about her?  It is the same as with Yvonne.  Yvonne, now there is a woman to be desired!  I had information that Ian McCloud was hunting to provide game for the rebels and I also found that the woman with Stuart McCloud was Ian McCloud’s wife.  I can only imagine how grateful she would be to get that information!  I wonder where she’s gone he thought as his memories of her began to kindle his desire.
***
Yvonne and Bartholomew watched from the woods nearby as British soldiers were marched in formation up the driveway of the Stedman estate and it was soon apparent that they were occupying the place or at the very least were going to be quartered there.
“So much for staying at the Stedman place” he said as they both watched the scene unfold.
“Well, if they did a body count before they burnt the others they would soon know that the two of us got away.  It wouldn’t have been long before they came here looking for us.  I suppose it’s best for us to move away from here.  We can’t chance one of that bunch seeing one of us now.”
Bartholomew spoke then, saying “What do you mean about ‘the two of us’ getting away?  Look at who’s talking to that officer there.”
Yvonne looked and to her amazement there stood June Stedman speaking with the officer in command of the detachment.  “It looks like little June has cozied up with the Army to be safe from McCloud’s people.  I wouldn’t have guessed that anyone besides us got out of there alive.”
“We were damned lucky to do that, Yvonne.  That one woman who came through that window alone was a tigress.  Imagine what that whole bunch is like when they attack all at one time!  Had she not come in too early, we might all have died!”
“She came in to protect McCloud and she was willing to die with him.”  Staring at the activity taking place in front of them she was thinking I wonder what it’s like to love someone that way.  How must that feel!  She wondered how that great of a love and commitment would translate into the times when the two would make love.  In thinking of the physical side of what clearly was a level of love that she couldn’t comprehend, she found herself becoming jealous of that in some way.  Then it dawned on her that she had not seen him die after all.  I wonder if he died of that neck wound and all of those stab wounds.  Her eyes began to glow as she considered that he might have lived after all.  That little bitch Priscilla!  She played me for a fool!  I would have taken her with Stefan and me when this was over.  How else did McCloud find us out there in the country but for Priscilla?  My God, look at what I’ve lost!  Stefan is surely dead and Grundy too.  I have what’s left of my bank account intact, but we’ll have to leave New York City soon enough.
She sat there morosely, staring at the ongoing activities but not seeing them as she glumly contemplated starting over.  I’ll build another coven in time.  We could locate in Boston, or maybe Philadelphia.  No one would ever find us in New Orleans, but it’s held by the Spanish.  I’ll need a strong male because Bartholomew is an idiot.  I can do this she thought as her eyes glowed with purpose.  I’ll build a coven that no one can take down.
***
At the Millhouse home there’d been a lot of questions asked and answered.  To their credit, Thelma and Merriam had remained marvelous hosts, insisting on all of them attending a celebratory dinner at her home, to be held in honor of Rebecca’s betrothal to Stuart.  Priscilla and Oliver had to restrict what they ate due to not being nearly as well imprinted as the others.  The two of them were astounded at the varieties of human food the other vampires were able to consume.
Cosette, Sophia, and Melissa were with the human women, talking about Stuart and Rebecca’s wedding at one end of the parlor and the others were at the other end.  Ian began to question Li about the fighting and the two of them compared it to previous raids that they had participated in together.  Priscilla and Oliver seemed to be especially interested in this, being as it was all new to them.  They listened intently to the matter of fact way Li described the last two raids in France and were astounded at the body count in those two raids alone.
 “Li, you did well in both of those raids.  Your strategy was perfect.”
Laughing, Li said “I learned it all from you over the years.  Say, how many did you think were there at this one?”
“I thought maybe sixteen at most.”
“You didn’t think you would kill them all, did you?”
“Well, no.  I wanted the leader and maybe a few others; just enough to scatter them.”
“Didn’t you say a female was the leader?”
“Well, yes; she and her husband.  She was one I hurt at the Francoise mansion.  I thought if I could get her and her husband the others would scatter.”
“I remember her now, Ian.  It was when we were in that cellar.  We were holding them off so that Cosette and Marie could get the children.”  Ian nodded as Li said “That makes sense, I mean you know, to get the leader if you’re working alone.”
“I had killed four and hadn’t spotted those two and was about to leave when I got shot in the head.”
James spoke up then saying “Wait now.  We didn’t burn sixteen.  Not even close to that.”
There was a pause then as that sunk in.  “I’m guessing here, but didn’t we burn twelve, Li?”
“I thought it was thirteen.”
Li got up and went to the other end of the room to get Sophia and Melissa.  As they returned Ian spoke, saying “At that fight, was there one who had a silver hook for a right hand?”
Four of them in unison said “Yes.”
“Was one of the women a redhead?”
It was silent then as the four looked at one another.  Ian spoke then saying “It seems Yvonne got away with two others.”
“Does that mean they’ll attack us or maybe the humans?”
“I doubt that, but we’d best ask Thelma if Rebecca can stay here with some of us.”
Li said “Shouldn’t we check both places to be sure they’ve gone?”
“Yes.  We should do that tonight.  Cosette and I can go look at the place on Long Island.  You four can go look at the Stedman home.”
“Ian, in France we figured that a vampire named Miles Edwards was bankrolling the effort over there and over here too.  Henri was also suspecting that the Marquis de Sade was helping financially.”
Ian paused for a bit and then nodded and said “That’s Edwards’ younger brother.  It makes sense.  Maybe the ones from France, you know, Yvonne and her husband; maybe they approached Francoise with a promise to find who killed his brother.  Between him and Edwards younger brother there was more than enough money to finance the effort over there and here in America too.”
“I would bet that Yvonne and her husband have a bank account in New York City.”  Ian nodded his agreement, his eyes beginning to glow a bit.  He excused himself and walked to the other end of the parlor.  “Excuse me, but I have some important information.”
The group there stopped, all looking at him expectantly as he continued “We have good reason to think that three of the coven escaped, including Yvonne.”
Thelma spoke up and said “Rebecca, you’re staying here from now on, and I won’t take no for an answer.”
Rebecca looked from Thelma to Cosette and then nodded and smiled, taking the key and its string from around her neck and handing it to Cosette.  “You and Ian stay there.  If it’s empty the High Command will want to quarter troops there.  I’ll need to go with you though and bring some of my things back here.”
They left it at that and changed the subject then, enjoying the day and congratulating both Rebecca and Stuart.  Priscilla was in heaven now, being among this group.  Melissa had given her a really nice dress and both she and Cosette had promised to take her shopping for a wardrobe soon.  Li had loaned a suit to Oliver and Ian had promised him that he was going to get a better wardrobe too.
The difference in the way this group lived from day to day compared to how Priscilla had lived was as different as night and day to her.  Oliver was equally happy to be away from the old coven, and he had to admit that Priscilla had been right about everything.  He had taken the opportunity to tell everyone about Priscilla’s part in the fight and how she had managed to delay things until Cosette had arrived.  Ian had personally thanked Priscilla for helping to save his life and had welcomed her and Oliver to the family as if he had known them all of his life.

Chapter 111
A month after the fight at the coven house, Ian and Cosette had settled comfortably in the Davis home.  They had returned to the house on Long Island and had found no evidence of the coven returning there.  That night they’d made love under the stars not far from Brooklyn Heights where they had a view of New York City across the East River.  Cosette had been patient up to then, but extremely desirous of making love with Ian.  She never insisted nor pressed him on the issue up to then, but was supportive and understanding just as she knew she would want him to be should their roles be reversed.
It had been an urgent, torrid and wildly sensual coupling then; being extraordinarily emotional for them both and they’d wept tears of joy afterward.  They had lain there half of the night, making plans for the future in between heated and wildly passionate sessions of lovemaking.  Neither could get enough of the other and they coupled again and again nearly until sunrise.  It was beyond anything they’d ever experienced together.
Since then they’d resumed their lives almost as if they hadn’t been separated for twelve years.  Each of them was intuitive regarding the needs of the other as they had always been, whether it was in lovemaking or in the little everyday things of life itself.
It was a sweet time for them both, and they were caught up in the spirit of Stuart and Rebecca’s wedding plans.  She had long since written her father about Stuart and they wouldn’t marry without his formal blessing in any case.  All parties had agreed to wait until he could be excused from duty for a suitable time to be a part of her wedding.
Priscilla and Oliver had fit themselves in well and desired to be married on the same day and at the same ceremony as Rebecca and Stuart.  They had asked Cosette to breach the subject and after giving it some thought Rebecca had embraced the idea.
It was understood that Priscilla and Oliver would work at the bank in New York City, and that eventually they’d both be working in a managerial capacity there.  This was a new thing being as women normally didn’t work in these times often as official employees.  Their roles were normally as helpers to their husbands in businesses like grocery stores, hardware stores, dry goods and such things.  Ian had picked up the idea from living in France and seeing how Alyssa and Celeste’s Aunt Caryn had prospered in their own businesses.  He figured that New York would just have to get used to the idea of women working at his bank.  For their part, Priscilla and Oliver were ecstatic at the turn their lives had taken in barely over a month.
Cosette had resumed her duties as a Culper courier, and accompanied by Ian she would periodically appear at the Green Dragon Tavern for packages from owner Richard Townsend, alias Samuel Culper Jr.  Ian would accompany her as she made deliveries to Setauket.
What remained of Yvonne’s coven hadn’t surfaced since the night of the battle and even Ian found himself not thinking of them as much as he had previously.  However, both he and Li rarely went for more than two days without thinking about them nonetheless.  They talked about possibilities of where they might be from time to time when the two were alone together.
***
The small carriage came up the driveway of the Stedman estate, slowing to stop at the door of the manor house itself.  The driver assisted a lady to step down from the carriage and she made her way to the front door, where two British sentries were on duty.
Smiling disarmingly at the two, she said “Won’t you please tell Mrs. Stedman that Yvonne Devrie is here to see her?”
June Stedman was at the door in under a minute and beckoned for Yvonne to enter.  The two went to the parlor where they sat down on a sofa, facing each other.
“Yvonne!  I didn’t know if anyone else got out of there alive or not.”
Smiling warmly, Yvonne said “Bartholomew made it out with me.  We’ve been staying over near Hoboken.”
“So you and Bartholomew are… you know.”
“Definitely not!  He’s a dunce, but he has his uses.  June, I want to rebuild the coven and I need your help.”
She signed for silence as her maid approached with a silver tea service.  After putting it on the table the maid returned to the kitchen and June said “Tea, Yvonne?”  
Yvonne shook her head as June poured herself a steaming cup, adding some cream and stirring it.  She took a sip and then she smiled at Yvonne saying “One of the niceties of having the coven gone from here is that I was able to bring back my staff.  Now, regarding this ‘help’ you want, I take it that you want my financial help then?”
“Yes.  I know you can’t put us up here now what with all of those soldiers here.”
“They are going to stay here and there’ll be no coven here, ever!  I’m not taking a chance of attracting that bunch of killers to my home!”
“If we kill them, you’ll have no more worries.”
“Hah!  Kill them my foot!  I saw enough to know that we can’t hope to match their fighting abilities.  My God, Yvonne you act as if you weren’t there!  Look at what one male and his mate did to us!  And there are more of them to boot.  Why, we don’t even know for sure how many there are!  No, there’ll be no coven here at this home, ever!”
“So I can’t persuade you to even help us?”
“I didn’t say that.  I do want something; actually it was a goal of my late husband.  If you do it, I’ll help your coven financially and I’ll even get you a small place to live, but not on Manhattan Island.”
“Well, this sounds intriguing.  What do I have to do?”
“Assassinate George Washington.”

Chapter 112
The British merchantman Ill Wind rode at anchor in New York harbor as silvery clouds parted to allow the full moon to spread her light across the dark waters.  It was as if the moon itself had decided to witness what would happen there at two hours after midnight.
A longboat was lowered one end at a time, due to there being only one pair of hands operating the two windlasses.  It was pulled to a place directly under the cargo boom already swung out over the water, and the cargo net was lowered until part of it was gathered in the bottom of the vessel.  A dark lumpy shape flitted over the side and down the cargo net so fast that if a human eye had been watching that person would have thought that perhaps they had just seen something thrown over the side.  The shape of a man flitted back up the netting and disappeared over the gunwale, appearing seconds later with a large bag  and again flitted over the side and down into the waiting longboat.
Silently the boat glided away from Ill Wind as two oars began stroking rhythmically to propel the longboat rapidly and quietly toward shore.  The rowing was interrupted briefly as a shape was dumped over the side to blend with the dark waters.  Then the oars began to move once more for several minutes as the longboat finally disappeared between two ships moored to a pier.  Shortly a dark figure rocketed along the pier toward the waterfront of New York City, melting into the darkness of the shoreline among the darkened warehouses.
***
Rebecca Davis answered the door and broke into a dazzling smile as she greeted Cosette and Ian.  “Come in, you two.  Stuart just finished telling us about one of your visits to Scotland when he was a boy.”  They followed her to the parlor where the Millhouses were seated with Sophia, Li, Priscilla, Oliver, and Stuart.
“Would you like some tea?”
Ian nodded with a smile as Cosette answered “Yes, thank you.”
The two greeted everyone as Thelma came to embrace them, gesturing toward a vacant love seat.  “Laura has something to share with you two.”
Laura said “Deputy Lucas Ross has been here just this morning to ask if he can see you, Cosette.”
Cosette looked at Ian and then back to Laura, saying “I can do that.  Did he say what it was about?”
“No, only that you might know something that could help him and that you would want to know about this, whatever it is.”
“I see.  Then he’ll return later?”
“He will.  We didn’t tell him where you two are staying.”
Ian spoke then, saying “That’s just as well, Laura.  James and I aren’t advertising our presence in New York City.”
“He should be here any time because he came here around seven o’clock this morning.”  The sound of the brass door knocker punctuated that statement and the Butler answered.  He escorted Lucas Ross into the room and Lucas stood hat in hand, smiling and nodding to everyone as Cosette smiled and nodded to him.  “Mrs. McCloud, may I speak to you privately?”
Cosette looked at Ian who nodded imperceptibly and then she rose to accompany Lucas back toward the kitchen area of the house.  They stopped in the butler’s pantry and Cosette closed the kitchen door, turning to Lucas with her eyebrows raised inquisitively.
Ross fastened his gaze on her and said “We found another bite victim floating in the harbor early this morning.  Some fishermen reported it.”
Cosette nodded somberly, and stood silently regarding Lucas as he continued “This one was a crewman aboard the merchantman Ill Wind.  Four of his crewmates went missing on the voyage over from Liverpool.  All of their livestock died during the voyage too.  The crewmen won’t set sail on that ship nor will the captain.  He has resigned his position and the Crown is in the process of seizing the ship pending an investigation.”
She nodded and said “Was this victim bruised in the same way?”
“He was.  Does this mean what I think it means?”
“It means that one of the creatures has come here from England, Lucas; a rogue.”
“A rogue you say?  Why that designation?”
“The ones who do not consume human blood call those who do ‘rogues’.”
“How do… how do you know that?”
She only stared at him with her exquisitely beautiful eyes, saying nothing.
“Well?”
“Lucas, what are your intentions regarding Laura?”
“Why I…  I… what business is that of yours?”
“It’s my business if we’re to discuss this any further.”
He stood there, regarding her with a puzzled look on his face, and then he said “I love Laura and I’ve already asked her to marry me.”
“And?”
“Well” he smiled shyly “she said yes only two days ago but we’ve told no one yet.  We’re not quite yet formally engaged.  But what has that to do with this… this thing?”
“Let’s you and I go for a walk with Laura and the gentleman I was sitting next to and we’ll see if we might be able to shed more light on this subject.”
***
The serving wench came to the table and sat two pints of ale before Bartholomew and Yvonne.  The two sipped it as they surveyed the clientele.  Yvonne was looking for a suitable male, but Bartholomew had already made his choice, being the serving wench.
It was a busy night at the Green Dragon Tavern in lower Manhattan and many British soldiers and officers mingled with the mostly Tory and loyalist crowd.  Owner Robert Townsend alias Samuel Culper Jr. watched over the entire scene without seeming to.  Always on the move and always mingling with the soldiers and officers, he was widely regarded as a loyalist and trusted by all of the officers of the King’s army.
Major Jonathan Siebert came in then and went to his usual table, a small one near the kitchen.  He passed by Yvonne and Bartholomew without seeing them, but Yvonne saw him as he sat down.  Turning to Bartholomew she said “I see someone who I need to talk to.  I’ll see you back in Hoboken.  Don’t get into trouble, Bartholomew.”
He raised his tankard and nodded as Yvonne made her way to Siebert’s table.  “Good evening, Johnny” she said in a low voice as she put her hand on his shoulder and bent to give him a kiss.
“Yvonne!  Where’ve you been?”
“Oh, I have had some bad luck lately.”
“Here, sit down” he said as he rose to pull out the other chair.  “What kind of bad luck?”
“Stefan died.”
“Oh?  When did that happen?”
“Some two months ago.”
Nodding he said “I’m sorry to hear that” he said as he thought maybe I can bed you more often now.  He went on then “An illness, accident?”
“His heart just stopped.  We were in New Jersey at the time.”
“Hmmm.  I lost a good friend that way.  Older than Stefan though.  What have you been doing since?”
“I’ve been drifting, Johnny.  I thought of you quite often.  Might we go somewhere to be alone tonight?”
“Why yes.  Yes we can.”
“I know that you just got here and haven’t had a drink yet.  Here; just take mine.  We can leave when you finish it” she said with a sultry look that served to arouse him right then.
Standing he said “We can leave right now, Yvonne” as he came around to pull out her chair.  The two departed arm in arm as Bartholomew watched, thinking I’d like to be doing what he’ll be doing tonight.  That lucky bastard!
About then the serving wench returned and Bartholomew said “I’ll have two more, Charlotte, if you’ll only join me for a minute.”
Smiling she looked at the clock and said “I’m due for a break, Bart.  I’ll be right back.”
In less than two minutes she’d returned with two tankards of ale and taking off her serving apron she sat down, giving a nod to Townsend.
Bartholomew talked about the war then, asking if Charlotte had heard any news.  She replied that the fighting was heaviest in the Carolinas and that it had been relatively quiet in the colonies north of New York.  “Bart, did you hear about what happened at Kings’ Mountain?  The rebels captured seven hundred loyalists and forced Howe to move his forces away.”
They talked of other aspects of the war then for a while and he complimented her on her good looks and on her always being so good at her job.  Switching subjects he said “Do any rebels ever come in here?”
Laughing she said “No chance of that.  If I didn’t shoot them Mr. Townsend would.  This is a place for those loyal to His Majesty King George only and we make no apologies for that!”
Wanting to impress her and hopefully bed her after the tavern closed, he said “I have some interesting news, Charlotte.  It should cheer you up and Mr. Townsend too.”
Smiling warmly she said “Really?  I hope it’s about something besides how Tarleton was beaten so badly in South Carolina by that dreadful Mr. Morgan.  I couldn’t believe it when I heard it.  And I heard that those rebels have put together a document called ‘Articles of Confederation’ of all things!”
Lowering his voice conspiratorially, Bartholomew leaned in closer to her and said “General George Washington is going to be assassinated.”  Charlotte looked suitably impressed as her mouth dropped open.  Then she smiled and said “Oh Bart!  You got me good with that one” as she laughed.
He reached out and taking her hand he kissed it and said “Don’t laugh too loud.  It’s true and it’s going to happen soon enough.”
“Really!  Why that’s wonderful news, Bart!  The war would end soon enough if that happened!”  She tossed her head and straightened her hair a certain way and Robert Townsend got the signal.  Appearing at Charlotte’s side in less than two minutes he said “Sorry, Charlotte.  I need you in the kitchen now.”
Shrugging her shoulders, Charlotte smiled warmly at Bartholomew and putting her serving apron on, she followed Townsend to the kitchen where she said “I’ve just learned of an assassination attempt to be made on Washington himself.”
“Credible?”
“He’s trying to impress me so who knows, but can we ignore it?”
“No.  What’s his name?”
“Bart.  Bartholomew, really.”
“Any affiliation?”
“No.  He comes in here once in a while with that redhead, uhm…  Yvette… no, Yvonne.  That is it, Yvonne Devrie.  Sometimes she drinks with Captain Siebert.”
“I know him.  He’s a major now.  Hmmm…  Jonathan Siebert.  I’ll dispatch on this as soon as possible.  Thank you, Charlotte.”

Chapter 113
Jonathan Siebert lay back with Yvonne lying next to him.  They had lain there for a while after making love, saying nothing.  “Yvonne that was… it was… stupendous.  But I feared you would break my ribs for a while there.”
“Mmmm.  I’ve been without affection for too long, Johnny.  I didn’t mean to hurt you, but it was sooo good” she said, pillowing her head on his chest and rubbing his stomach slowly with her hand.  Did you say you had something interesting to tell me?”
“What?  Oh, yes… yes I did.  I found out that McCloud is a hunter during wintertime for the rebels, usually in Pennsylvania.  He seems to be highly thought of.  You never asked, but his wife is Cosette McCloud and she has stayed with the Millhouse family for over four years now.”
She sat up suddenly “Really?  His wife and she was living there all of that time?”  She thought damn it, why didn’t I think of that?  She had to be the one that cut off Stefan’s hand and the one who saved McCloud that night.  Damn her too!
“Well, you shouldn’t have stayed away so long, Yvonne.”
“Hmmm… isn’t that the truth.  Tell me, do you know where Washington’s camped now?”
Looking narrowly at her he hesitated and then said “You’re certainly a curious one, Yvonne.  Washington is thought to be either near Tappan, or up maybe in New Windsor, north of West Point.  He’s given General Greene the southern army and they’re fighting us everywhere in the Carolinas.  We suspect Washington wants to attack us in New York City but we’re too strong here.”
She rubbed his stomach slowly and kissed his chest softly as she said “You’re pretty strong down here yourself, Johnny” as her hand began to go lower and lower until he began to groan “Yvonne you’re insatiable.”
“Oh Johnny, you have no idea, no idea at all!” she said as she rolled astride him with a sultry laugh.
***
“Good evening 355.  Are you in the mood to take a short trip this night?
“I am, Mr. Culper.”
“Then this needs to go to our friends in Setauket as soon as possible.  We’re sending a duplicate by another route.”
“That sounds serious.”
Sitting down at the table, he leaned near her and said “It’s a rumored assassination attempt on General Washington.”
Cosette fastened her eyes on his, thinking Ian told me of an assassination attempt on Washington by a vampire.  Could this be some of Yvonne’s people?  She spoke then, barely above a whisper saying “By any chance does this involve Yvonne Devrie, June Stedman, or a man named Bartholomew?”
Caught by surprise, Townsend said “Why yes!  Yes it does, or at least Yvonne and Bartholomew.  They were both in here earlier this evening.  What do you know about it?”
“I know that you’d better take it very seriously.  I do.”
“Then you’ll take it to Setauket as fast as possible?”
“I will, Mr. Culper.  Good night, sir” she said as she picked up her purse; palming and concealing a sealed packet and departing.
***
In less than two hours she’d handed off the package to Abraham Woodhull, alias Samuel Culper Sr.  Standing on his porch in the darkness she spoke in a very low voice “Mr. Woodhull, this is very urgent.  It has information about a planned assassination attempt against General Washington.  I have reason to believe that this is really serious.  My husband stopped an attempt at Valley Forge the winter before last, and we’re certain that this involves the same group.”
“Very well, 355.  I’ll attach a note to the package to that effect.”
“Good night, Mr. Culper, and say hello to Anna” she whispered as she turned and walked off into the darkness.
Joining Ian she said “What now?”
“Mmmm, I can think of something I would like to do” he chuckled as he put his arms around her, kissing her tenderly.  “But I think we’d best get back and gather what we need to go to Washington’s camp.”
Laughing softly she said “I had hopes of a moonlight swim and who knows what afterward, but you’re right.  Will the two of us be enough to protect him?”
“We’ll have to be.  The others need to stay to protect the humans.  We’ll talk with them before we leave, but we don’t want to waste time on this.”
“Would she try it with only one male and another female?”
“Mmmm, I doubt it.  I think they’ll force a few humans to cross over and build another coven somewhere and move after she thinks they have enough help to kill him.”
“Why the interest in killing Washington?”
“I don’t know, but thanks to Priscilla we do know that one of those who escaped is a wealthy Tory Loyalist and I killed her husband when the two of them tried this at Valley Forge.”
“You think she’s still motivated to kill Washington then.”
Shrugging then, he replied “Until we learned about this, I wouldn’t have guessed that she would try that again, but now I wonder.”
***
Yvonne sat in June Stedman’s parlor with her, waiting for the maid to finish pouring a cup of tea.  When the maid had finished and had gone, she leaned closer to June speaking in a very low voice “If you will lease a place for us to stay, we will kill George Washington as you asked.”
“Please explain that, Yvonne” said June Stedman, taking a sip of her tea as she regarded Yvonne over her cup.
“It’s simple.  I need a place to properly imprint two males and a female, and I obviously can’t return to Long Island.  I thought maybe anywhere near Hoboken would do.  It has to be rural for obvious reasons, and it doesn’t have to be a long term lease either.”
“So, short term then?”
“Yes.  I just need to get them imprinted and have a place to stay while we plan how to get close to him.  If we fail, you won’t be out very much, and we may succeed.”
“Very well.  When you put it that way, how can I not be interested?  I’ll have Willard Williamson himself help me find a place.  He has enough of my money on deposit there at his bank.  Give me until this time next week.”
Rising then, Yvonne said “Thank you, June.  You won’t be sorry.”  She was thinking and I’ll be using your money instead of mine.
“Let’s hope so.  Good day, Yvonne.”

Chapter 114
Ian had buckskin pants, boots, jacket, and gloves made for Cosette.  He bought socks, two linsey-woolsey shirts and a black broad-brimmed hat for her as well.  She trimmed her hair and packed away a pair of scissors being that she would have to trim it daily to keep it short.  He also had two new fighting suits made, being that their other ones were cut and tattered.  Thinking ahead, he’d also bought them two dusters, lightweight long coats used for traveling long distances by carriage.  Four days later they left New York City at night, crossing the Hudson in Ian’s canoe.  Included in their gear was a tent, blankets, a pair of short swords, eight pocket pistols, two hunting knives, and two dragon pistols.  He retrieved his Pennsylvania made long rifle with shot and powder for all weapons at his storage building behind the carpenter’s shop in Hoboken.  They bought two saddle horses, tack, and a pack horse for their gear outside of Hoboken.
The others had agreed to stay at the Millhouse home to protect the humans in case of an attack, even though all agreed that wouldn’t be likely.  The two traveled westward at night and after being well away from the coast, they turned north, in this way avoiding any British pickets.  So it was that in four days they came to the camp of the northern Continental Army north of Tappan, after re-crossing the Hudson at night.
Ian spotted a familiar face as they approached a picket talking with a frontiersman.  “Darren Roberts, have you married that Pennsylvania woman yet?”
“Ian McCloud!  I didn’t expect to see you again.  Tommy, let these two pass.  They’re hunters.”
Joining them then, he peered at Cosette and said “Oh, excuse me Ma’am.  I don’t know you.”
“Darren, meet my wife, Cosette.  Cosette, meet Darren Roberts.”
Riding alongside of them, Darren touched the brim of his hat and nodded, a puzzled look on his face as Cosette smiled and nodded.  Ian said “Join us at our campsite later and I’ll explain, but for now I have to see General Washington when he’s available.  Can you show us to his area?”
“Yes, just stay on this road between all of these tents and you’re going to be stopped when you get near headquarters.  Where will you camp?”
“Where do you suggest?”
“Why with me, of course, on the west end near where we came in.”
“We’ll see you there later then.”
“I’m holding you to that now” he said as he waved goodbye.
“He seems like a good sort.”
“He’s the best.  I’ve known him since late ’75.”
When they were stopped, Ian gave his name to an adjutant and in minutes a young man came walking toward the two and Ian said “Colonel Hamilton.  So you are still attached to General Washington?”
“Hello, Ian.  Yes I am.  And who is this with you?”
“This is my wife, Cosette.  Cosette, meet Colonel Alexander Hamilton.”
Hamilton gave a curt bow, touching his hat and said “I’m pleased to meet you.  Will the two of you wait here while I go see when General Washington will see you?”
Dismounting, Ian nodded and the two of them walked their mounts to a shady area nearby as Hamilton made his way back to Washington’s tent.  They had no sooner tied their horses to the tree when Benjamin Tallmadge approached them with a big smile on his face.  “Ian!  Good to see you.  Who’s this with you?”
“Hello, Ben.  This is my wife Cosette.  Cosette, this is Benjamin Tallmadge, our boss.”
Cosette smiled and nodded to Tallmadge who gave a little bow and touched his hat, saying “what does that mean?”
Stepping very close to Tallmadge, Ian said in a low voice “She is also 355.”
“Oh!  I see.  So you and your wife both are in the…. service?”
“Yes we are.  She makes the run from New York City to Setauket at times.  We came here because we think that the assassination report is true and we want to help.”
“I see.  We talked about that again this morning.  Please come with me now” he said as he turned and walked toward a group of large tents.  As they walked he looked back and said to Cosette “If not for your husband, I’d have frozen to death a couple of years ago, and I confess that I still don’t know how he got me to safety.”
Cosette looked toward Ian who winked at her, letting his eyes glow for a second as she laughed softly, saying “Ian’s more surprising than anyone I know.”
They were ushered into the tent by Hamilton himself who then departed, knowing that when Ben Tallmadge was with Washington, no one was allowed near his tent.  The guards moved away from the tent to form a perimeter some thirty feet away as they always did when Tallmadge was present.
Washington was poring over a map of New York harbor when they entered.  He looked up and fixed his peculiarly direct stare on Ian and gave a rare little smile.  “Hello, Ian.  And this is Cosette?”
“Yes sir.  Cosette, this is General George Washington.”
She stepped forward as he rose and extended his hand.  “It is an honor to meet you, sir.”  She was struck by his direct stare and his size.  As Ian had said, he was an imposing figure.
Displaying a little smile he gestured to the empty chairs “Please, be seated.  Before we get down to business, I recall you had a wife named Monique.  And here you are with one whom you have introduced as your wife, Cosette?
“Yes sir. I’ll make all of this clear as we proceed.”
“Very well.  I believe that you have information on this supposed assassination attempt?”
“Sir, I think we know who’s behind it.”
“Go on.”
“We think a Tory loyalist in New York City by the name of June Stedman is behind it.”
Tallmadge spoke then saying “I know that name, and they’re a prominent Tory family, quite wealthy and quite well connected in London.”
“I see.  And how did you come by this information?”
“Sir, I killed her husband.  It was him that tried to kill you at Valley Forge.  She was with him and got away as I was cleaning up my mess.”
Washington looked puzzled and then frowning he said “That’s not the account you gave me, Ian.”
Gesturing to the tent flap, Ian said “Sir, if I may?”
Washington nodded as Ian got up and looked outside through the flap and then using the three ties sewn to each side, he pulled it closed and tied it.  Turning to them then he said in a very low voice “Cosette and I would like to show you something.  May we?”
Washington nodded.
Cosette sat then, about six feet from Ian, and both of them facing Washington and Tallmadge.  Ian said “May I borrow your ruler, General Washington?”
Washington nodded so he picked it up from the table and stuck it in his waist band where his knife would normally be, being that all weapons the two had were deposited with an aide of Colonel Hamilton outside of Washington’s tent.  No one was allowed to bear arms of any kind when entering Washington’s tent.
Standing in front of the two of them and without looking her way he said “Cosette, this ruler is my knife.  Take it from me.”
In a flash she’d exploded from the chair she was sitting in and had the ruler’ holding it at his throat, her other arm about his neck, her hand under his chin, holding his head back as if she was going to cut his throat.
Both Washington and Tallmadge were startled and flinched a bit.  Then Washington said “Good heavens!  Had I not seen that, I wouldn’t have believed it!”  Cosette relaxed then and gave Ian a kiss, turning to smile at the two who were still staring at her wide-eyed as she stepped forward to hand the ruler to Washington.
“So this is why you concocted that story back at Valley Forge that night?”
“Yes sir.  We’re most secretive about our existence.”
“I see.”
“Sir, what you two just saw has to remain a secret lest you cause panic in your army.”
“What do you mean by that?”
“The ones coming to kill you are of our race.”
The tent fell silent and the only sounds were those of the camp outside.  Then Tallmadge said “That explains how you got me to safety so fast that night when I almost froze to death.”  Ian nodded.
Washington spoke then “One of your kind?  Just how many are there?”
“Sir, we killed thirteen of them not too many nights ago.  Three got away.”
“We?  You two killed thirteen of them?”
“Not exactly.  We have four friends who helped us.”
He sat still then, absorbing what he’d seen and heard just then.  “How many of ‘your kind’ are here in America?”
“I’d guess that counting us, there are now nine.”
“Nine.  I see.  Just who are you, or what are you?”
“Sir, we’re a different race.  We’re not human.”  He stared, saying nothing so Ian continued “Our kind live in the major cities of Europe and elsewhere.”
“You live… what… alongside of humans, us?”
“Yes.”
Tallmadge spoke then, asking “Do your kind have an interest in this war?”
“No sir.  We don’t care much about human affairs.”
“Well, Ian, you’ve certainly been helpful to the patriot cause.  Why is that?”
“I learned a lot about the situation here from French newspapers.  They would divulge information that the British newspapers wouldn’t.  I came to learn of the trade imbalance and the money shortage.  The inequality of the treatment that the colonies received after being so loyal after the French and Indian wars bothered me.  I’m Scottish after all.”
Nodding, Washington said “Please continue.”
“Fair enough, sir.  I became more and more convinced that the grievances of the colonies were just and based on fact.  I saw my fellow countrymen treated as a conquered people instead of the loyal subjects of King George that they’ve always been.”
“Go on.”
“Well sir, I was targeted by a colonel in the British Army for purely personal reasons and he managed to seize our bank building in spite of our bearing papers from the crown giving us the King’s support for two new banks in America.  I saw how easy it was for someone unscrupulous to abuse their power here and since I became a sort of victim, that pushed me far enough to embrace the patriot cause.  Not that long ago I became aware of the savage war being waged against the people on the frontier and that has angered me even more.”
“I see.  Well, getting back to this assassination thing what’s your view of it.”
“June Stedman is the one behind this.  It was a thing her late Tory husband was obsessed with.  The other two want to start a coven for security and companionship and we’re pretty certain they agreed to kill you in return for financial support from her.”
“I see.  Is this sort of thing common among you?”
“Not really.  We consider those others to be rogues and we routinely kill them when we find them.”
“So that’s why you killed what, thirteen of them?”
“Well, yes.  They followed me here to get revenge for our killing so many of them in Europe.  And they killed Monique at Valley Forge.”
“And you planted the story that she’d been kidnapped?”
Yes sir.  As I said, we’re most secretive about ourselves.”
And now here you are with another wife?”
“Sir, Cosette and I were married some twelve years ago.”  He then related the true facts about how he and Cosette were separated so long ago, leaving nothing out.
Washington and Tallmadge stared at him as he concluded the narrative and then looked at each other in wonderment.
“These raids, and the ones you kill…I take it that you do that to help keep your existence a secret?”
“Yes sir.”
“Extraordinary!  The violence…it’s most disturbing but I share your disgust at the activities those others were partaking in.  These others…they had no interest in this war?”
“No sir.  They wanted me dead, and those three still do.”
Tallmadge spoke then “How do you intend to stop them?”
“We’ll kill them.”
“Well yes, but how?”
“We thought you could say that you expect some spies to infiltrate the camp and that we know them by sight.  That way we can prowl about here without drawing suspicion.  When they make their move we’ll be waiting.”
“And you two can kill them.”
“Yes.  And it’s important that we take away their bodies.”
“Why is that?”
“Dead or alive, we’ll catch fire and burn up in direct sunlight.”
“What” he exclaimed with a surprised look.  “You don’t catch fire, Ian.  I’ve seen you in sunlight.”
Cosette spoke then saying “Ian’s an exception sir.  He can tolerate four hours of sunlight before he starts to burn.  Most of us will ignite and burn in seconds or minutes” she said as she held up her gloved hands and wiggled her fingers, saying “It’s a rare day that I don’t wear these and a large hat.  Ian’s right.  Such a sight can’t be allowed to be seen, sir.”
Washington nodded, as he thought my God!  If something like that was seen there would be no containing the story.  No telling what the rumor would become and it could cause desertions to increase.  Looking at them he said “You say that you’re not human.  What do you call yourselves?”
Ian looked at Cosette and then as they made their eyes begin to glow while looking directly into Washington’s and Tallmadge’s eyes he said “Sir, we’re vampires.”

Chapter 115
The family sat in the parlor of the Chateau, looking expectantly at Henri.  “I just got word today that Robert Milliken killed Miles Edwards.”
Liri spoke, asking “Was he the only one financing these covens?”
“I think our friend, the Marquis de Sade might have helped them that way too.  There are no bank records to support that though.  He’s too cagey to leave a clue that would implicate his own self, and he’s no favorite of the French royal family either.”
Marie spoke then “We think that Francoise financed the two who survived that battle we had at the Francoise mansion when we lost Cosette.  Those two went to America to kill Ian and we later learned that they saw Francoise at least once or twice before leaving France.”
“Do we have anything on Moreau; you know… his whereabouts, or any other contacts he made?”
“We only know that after he got to London, he disappeared.  Robert is still looking for him, and has expanded his search to Ireland, Scotland, and Wales.”
Celeste spoke then “Is there any chance he went to America?”
Henri nodded as he said “He may have felt that he could only escape our reach over there.  Oh; Edwards said Moreau stole something like four thousand pounds from him, so he has plenty of money for traveling.”
“Celine and I talked with Cosette just two days ago and she is with Ian at Washington’s headquarters.  As I told all of you, they hope to head off an assassination attempt on him.  What I forgot to mention is that Cosette said that a third vampire victim turned up not too long ago, floating in New York Harbor.”
Mustafa spoke then, saying “Didn’t we think those others were victims of Yvonne’s coven?”
“We did, but this is connected to the arrival of a ship, I think it was a merchant’s ship… mmmm… the Ill Wind was its name.  Anyway there was a deputy sheriff who told Cosette that the captain resigned and that the crew had left the ship in the harbor, and that none would return to her.”
“You think this could be related to our situation?”
“Yes.  Something was mentioned about livestock dying on the trip over, and maybe four or five crewmen disappearing during that voyage.”
“Do we know the port of departure?”
“I don’t… wait, yes I do recall.  Yes.  It sailed from Liverpool.”
Henri’s eyes glowed as he said “It sounds like our friend Monsieur Moreau may have managed to find a way to America.”
***
Yvonne walked up to the muscular pair of male vampires as they took a break from practicing their swordsmanship.  She had a satisfied look upon her face as she said “It appears that you two are progressing nicely.  Your imprinting will be at an end any day now.  Lawrence, you have done a good job of training Franklin in swordsmanship.  Franklin, you have done a good job of teaching Lawrence how to work iron and shoe horses.  I’m pleased with both of you.”
The two looked at each other nodding and smiling somewhat.  That meant that she would likely bed both of them that night, and that was more than acceptable to the pair.  They had been dismayed at first when they found out what had been done to them and that it was irreversible, but Yvonne had bedded both of them regularly and that served to keep them happy enough to do most anything she said.  They were becoming slavishly devoted to her, and increasingly pleased with their new powers of strength, speed and visual acuity.  With the prospect of superhuman strength and speed, no more imprinting pain, and regular sexual companionship with Yvonne, the pair was becoming quite pleased with their new lives.
Turning to a young woman sitting in the shade watching the two practicing Yvonne said “Why are you looking so glum?”  The woman raised her hazel eyes and fastened them on Yvonne as she brushed a lock of her wavy chestnut hair back from her face.  “I’m just a little peaked today.  I have managed three days now without blood.”
“Why did you do that?”
“I thought maybe I might be less dependent on it if I denied myself.”
Yvonne paused, and then said “You’re quite intuitive.  I never bother to teach that when I bring new ones over.”
“Why not?”
“There is an abundant supply of blood in this world, so I don’t bother myself with it.  Besides it makes imprinting a lot more painful.”
“It is more painful.  Just keep Bartholomew away from me while I finish this damnable imprinting.  It is bad enough going through this without him leering at me and wanting to bed me.”
“We may be able to strike a bargain on that score.  If you can make yourself useful enough in other ways, I might take your side on that.  But it was Bartholomew who brought you over, not me.”
Looking exasperated, she replied “I didn’t want this… to live like this!  What do you want, Yvonne?”
“You can start by cleaning this place up and see to it that it’s kept clean.  You can go out and get newspapers and look for any information that might reflect on this coven in any way.  You can wash all of the clothes and hang them out on the line too.  We don’t want to be seen publicly in dirty clothes.  And always take my side on anything that we discuss as a coven.  When I think of other things, I’ll tell you.”
Lowering her head she nodded, thinking what else can I do?  My life is over now.  Look at what I’ve become.  She got up and walked away, determined that none of them see her weeping.  When I was a tavern wench at least I had my private time to myself and I liked everyone at the Green Dragon.  Now all I am concerned with is getting through this awful pain and keeping Bartholomew from raping me.  I can’t live this way, yet I can’t go back to being Charlotte Miller anymore either.  Having reached a very bushy area of the property some four hundred feet from the farmhouse, she entered a thicket and threw herself down on the ground and wept silently in despair.
***
I think I have what you’re looking for, Mr. Monroe.  The lady in question leased a place on Long Island, east of Brooklyn Heights.  I’m afraid it was left in poor shape.  Several windows broken, things like that.  If you’re interested in leasing it, I can offer you a good rate on it.  Once the High Command learns that it’s vacant, they’ll seize it and quarter troops there.”
Moreau smiled, saying “I’d like to see it.  May I do that and then decide if it will suit me?”
“Certainly sir” he said as he wrote directions for getting there and handed them to him.  “I hope it’s something you can use.”
Departing from Grover’s Merchants’ Bank Moreau went to his carriage and directed the driver to take him to the Brooklyn ferry.
Some three hours later, he instructed his driver to wait in the weed-choked road to the farm house.  Once inside he looked closely at the place and although it was picked up and swept, it was clearly abandoned.  Three windows were broken, and upon looking closely, he could tell that they’d all been broken from the outside in.  On impulse he knelt and began to sniff about the floor area, beginning in the foyer and moving into the parlor.  There has definitely been blood spilled here.  I wonder what happened.  Could the Lafayettes have had this place assaulted too?  With three broken windows, there had to be more than one vampire in the assault.  So if Yvonne and Stefan were here, then it looks like they were overpowered.  
Walking out the back door he began to look around the property.  In only a few minutes he came upon an area which had been a garden the year before, and now was overgrown.  In the middle of it was a blackened area where something was burnt.  Poking around in the ashes he found some remains of shoes of various sizes and a few belt buckles and then it dawned on him that he was standing where some vampires had been dragged to self-incinerate in sunlight.  Spending a half hour there, he came to the conclusion that no fewer than eleven vampires had been burnt there, and he had to admit that it could be more than that.  As he walked to the carriage he thought what in hell happened here?  A fight to the death no doubt.  No wonder the Marquis de Sade wasn’t eager to tangle with the Lafayettes!  My God!  I wonder how many of that clan is in America?  Clearly there are more than just two!
As he was getting ready to climb into the carriage he decided to take a second look inside.  Telling the driver that he’d only be another few minutes he went upstairs once again and began to look behind some of the furnishings.  In the last bedroom, he pulled back a dresser and spied a silver encased hand mirror.  Picking it up he immediately noticed the really fine quality of its craftsmanship.  The piece simply didn’t fit the farmhouse in which he was standing.  Looking at the back of it, he saw a name engraved in finely formed letters, inlaid with gold; the work of a skilled craftsman and silversmith.  He thought who might this be?  I wonder who June Stedman is.

Chapter 116
Ian and Cosette had settled into a routine of walking about the center of the camp near Washington’s tent, and at night they stayed very close to it.  They became a familiar sight to the officers and soldiers in the area, walking about in their long dusters which concealed all of their weapons.  The camp scuttlebutt was that the pair could identify two spies who were expected to infiltrate the camp at some point, which was really not far from the truth.  It was thought to be peculiar that the two always wore the long coats even in the near balmy weather, but it was gradually surmised that they each carried several loaded pistols and wanted to keep that fact concealed from anyone who managed to infiltrate the camp.
Ian was remembered by many as the hunter who had provided meat through several winters.  The death of Moon Owl hadn’t been revealed, being as Ian had bound Darren Roberts to keep it a secret.  Ian only told him that she’d been killed by Tories who had done it in revenge for happenings in New York City a few years earlier.  He and Cosette had given Darren the standard story of Cosette being struck on her head in a big fire while trying to save some children in Arles, France, and suffering a loss of memory for several years.  That story had long since been solidly planted in Lafayette-controlled newspapers in three cities in France, including in Paris itself.
The routine was boring, but the two soon had adjusted themselves to it, and either one or the other of them would hunt or bathe nearby as opportunities presented themselves, whether day or night.  They were nearly always together all night long very near Washington’s tent, day after day, and had become his constant companions.
Washington had adjusted well to this after the first few days, and gradually the threat of assassination began to recede from his thoughts as the constant reality of the war occupied his every waking moment.  They learned that he had wanted to attack New York City since the French had landed in Newport Rhode Island with over five thousand troops.  Between the French, the Continental Army and the New England Militia they outnumbered the British in New York City three to one.  However neither Washington’s staff nor the French Commander were supportive of that.  For one thing it would likely destroy New York City and for another they couldn’t do anything about British naval support.  The French naval escort at Newport wouldn’t leave that harbor for any reason, needing to be there to support the French presence, and being far too small to invade New York Harbor in light of the sheer numbers of British ships there.  Not only that, but the entrance to New York Harbor was through the Narrows and the bottom there was too shallow for the larger French war ships being as they had a draft that was seven feet deeper than their British counterparts.  So there was a fear of being stuck in the harbor should a naval battle go bad, and or being stuck in the Narrows either entering or trying to leave.  This was well known to the French navy so French naval support for an invasion of New York City was out of the question.
This was a frustrating scenario that Washington had to deal with as well as reporting to the Congress at Philadelphia and worries about being able to pay the troops to keep enlistments up.
Cosette began to understand the admiration that Ian had for Washington in only a few days as she realized the extreme pressure the man was under all of the time.  Ian had shared that there were political enemies of Washington who had tried earlier in the war to have him replaced.  She gradually came to realize that he was now an icon, and his presence alone could make a great difference whether on or off of a battlefield.  Ian had confided in her that at no time was this more apparent than during wintertime when desertions among the ranks were highest for both the British and the Americans.  At those times especially he literally held the continental army together by his very presence in the field with them.
As he confided to Cosette, other officers could come and go all winter long, but Washington felt that he could never leave his army for little more than the occasional obligatory day-long social event now and then.; and only if it was nearby.  Those were deemed necessary to ensure the general public’s support of the cause of liberty and to keep good will among the more wealthy of the patriots wherever the army might happen to be camped.
***
Five dark forms rocketed northward through the American woodland bordering the Hudson River valley, and sometime after midnight they angled a bit eastward and came into the outskirts of Tappan, New York.  Slowing their pace they eventually detected sentries and evaded them easily until they were inside of the picket line of the northern Continental Army.  
Yvonne gathered everyone close and said “Bartholomew and I are going to circle the camp to the east and Lawrence, you and Franklin will circle the camp to the west.  We’re going to see how the tents and roads inside of the camp are laid out and meet on the far side.  If we pass each other over on the other side, we’ll meet back here before daylight.”
Charlotte asked “What do you want me to do?”
“You stay with me, but you’re to hunt for the five of us.  Everyone give Charlotte a flask and she’ll have them filled by the time you need them.  Remember, we’re only looking around tonight and we want to be thinking of ways to steal uniforms.  And remember they need to be big uniforms for the three of you.  Let’s go now and see what we can discover.”  
They parted ways then, melting into the darkened woodland.
***
Arnaud Moreau approached the City Hall building in New York City and after asking, was directed to the tax assessor’s and collector’s offices.  Introducing himself, he asked if he could get someone to look in the tax records for June Stedman.  The clerk told him politely that records were kept by areas and not by names and that he’d have to either give the address of that person or that he would have to look through the records page by page, plat map by plat map to find it.
Moreau chafed at the process, being as he couldn’t work at Vampire speed what with several human clerks nearby all day long.  Then he was forced to leave the building at six o’clock PM until they re-opened the next day at nine.  At the end of the second day though he’d found a card and a plat map showing twelve acres registered to a Mr. and Mrs. Lester Stedman on King’s Bridge Road.
That night he found the place and circled it warily, seeing British soldiers about and eventually coming to the conclusion that they were being quartered there.  Pondering the situation he finally came to a conclusion and bounded away into the darkness, thinking I’ll have to arrange to meet with June Stedman if she’s still alive.  She was either simply a victim of theft or she’s a survivor of the raid that took place on Long Island.  If she’s a survivor, then that means Yvonne brought the Stedmans over because of their wealth.  She’s a schemer no doubt.

Chapter 117
The day started like every other one had since they had been at Washington’s headquarters.  For the two of them though, it was only a continuation of what they’d done all night long.  When they had first started, Ian had asked Hamilton to include him and Cosette in any reports about deserters in that particular camp.  So it was that every day they stayed near Washington’s tent when the morning report was brought in.  It was routinely sent to Washington’s staff after morning roll call, and included any who were sick as well as any missing.
This morning, it was reported to Hamilton that one sentry on the east side of the camp was unaccounted for.  Being as there had been no desertions reported for this camp since Ian and Cosette had been there, he was concerned.  Taking Cosette aside he said “I wish there were more of us.”
She looked questioningly at him and he went on “I’d like to see the area where that sentry was posted for myself, but I don’t want to leave you here alone.”
“I don’t mind if you want to go look.”
“No.  It’s enough that we know that someone’s missing, I suppose.  It may have been a deserter after all.”
“We know most of the faces by now, so if someone we don’t know shows up, one of us will notice him.”
“You’re right.  I’ll be glad when this is over.”  They separated then, her taking a route one way and him taking another, but neither ever more than a stone’s throw from Washington’s tent.
As he turned to walk to the aisle that ran behind Washington’s tent, he felt an icy prickling on his neck and immediately began to angle himself toward the officer’s mess tent, slowing as he approached.  As he drew near the entrance, two officers emerged and he bumped into one, knocking that one’s hat off of his head on purpose.  The icy prickling stopped and after apologizing to the officer and picking up his hat for him, he stepped just inside of the mess tent and casually looked back in hopes of seeing anyone suspicious.
A large husky soldier in a uniform that looked too tight walked by and went through the area one row away from where Washington’s tent was, continuing westward.  Ian noticed that he didn’t look toward the guards posted about the tent.  He was wearing gloves in summertime so Ian caught Cosette’s eye and nodded toward the man as he fell in behind him.  She nodded in return and walked to an area very near to Washington’s tent where she casually stood not far from his tent entrance now at heightened alert and watching every person within her view.  As she watched, she casually unbuttoned her duster so as to have quick access to her weapons.
Ian seemed to be casually walking along the next aisle over, but he was watching every step the man took, shadowing him perfectly as he continued to walk west.
Bartholomew was having a good time being a spy.  Killing a sentry before dawn he had taken his uniform and musket in preparation of his mission.  He had boldly walked through camp and had come to the command center and had surmised where Washington’s tent was by observing the movements of his staff officers as they reported to the tent.  He’d seen two curious figures wearing long dusters and took them to be game hunters, and likely waiting about near the officer’s quarters to be paid for their services.  Confidant that they were human because he had witnessed one bump into an officer, he had relegated the two to the category of unimportant.  He had passed two other hunters at the outer edge of the camp, but they hadn’t been wearing dusters.
Yvonne would be pleased and he hoped that Charlotte would be impressed with his performance today.  Wearing the uniform of an American Soldier made him supremely confident as he had gotten used to being ignored as just one more of thousands of soldiers.  No doubt but they would be successful tonight.  He entered a small area of woodland that was inside of the picket line and when near some bushes, he flitted off of the roadway and rocketed away through the forest toward his rendezvous with the others.
Seeing him disappear suddenly, Ian turned and trotted back through the camp until he came face to face with Cosette.
“What did you learn?”
“He was a vampire and I think he was scouting.  We may have company tonight.”
***
 “Please tell Mr. Stedman that I’m here on business.”
“Mr. Stedman is missing and presumed dead.  I’ll see if Mrs. Stedman will see you sir.  What is your name?”
“Arnold, Arnold Moore sir.”
“Please wait here, Mr. Moore.” said the sergeant, disappearing through the double doors of the parlor.  Shortly he returned, saying “Right this way, Mr. Moore” as he led Moreau into a great parlor, opulently furnished.  Standing in the center of the parlor was June Stedman, an attractive woman of some thirty years with curly brown hair and hazel colored eyes.  She had just stood and walked away from a tea serving set on a rosewood cart with brass wheels and a porcelain top.
Moreau introduced himself and then bowed curtly, kissing her hand.  “Please take some tea with me, Mr. Moore” she said, gesturing to a sofa near her wingback chair.  
“Thank you, Mrs. Stedman.”
Pouring a cup of tea at the serving cart she came and handed it to him and returned to sit and take up her cup and saucer.  After taking a sip, she said “What is it you need to see me about, sir?”
“I came to return something to you, Mrs. Stedman” he said as he produced an object wrapped in a towel.  Handing it to her, he took up his tea and sipped it as he watched her intently.
She couldn’t disguise the surprise she felt when she saw the object, and her eyes locked on his as she said “This is mine, Mr. Moore.  Where on earth did you find it?”
“It was in a farmhouse on Queens Highway, on Long Island, Mrs. Stedman.”
She said nothing, but sat staring at him for several seconds and she became acutely aware of the grandfather clock ticking steadily in the foyer.  Finally she said “I see.  I’m grateful to you, sir for bringing it to me.  Is there something I can do to repay your kindness?”
“Why yes, now that you mention it.  I’m trying to get in touch with Yvonne and Stefan Devrie.”

Chapter 118
It was just another night in the camp near Tappan, New York.  Cicadas and crickets played their timeless symphony in the still, balmy air as Ian and Cosette lay on each side of Washington’s tent.  They had taken off their dusters after dark and wore their fighting suits with the full complement of weapons.
After persuading Washington to allow him to do away with several of the closer campfires that evening, Ian had persuaded him to abandon his tent after dark and had convinced him to stay in the officer’s mess tent with a platoon of heavily armed men.  None of the men had known that they were to be guarding their commander in chief before they were ordered by Alexander Hamilton to report to the mess tent.  Once there, they were told to maintain strict silence.
So now Ian and Cosette lay in wait for an attack they thought might come this very night.  As she lay there, Cosette was aware of Celeste trying to speak with her, but unlike when she had been desperate to speak with her that first time, she now more or less knocked on the door to Cosette’s consciousness.
Hello, Celeste.
Hello, Cosette.  Celine is with me.
Hello Aunt Cosette.
Hello, sweetheart.  Are you going to help us tonight?
Yes.  Hello Uncle Ian.  Uncle Ian?
Hello, Celine, Celeste.  Cosette, can you hear me?”
Yes.  Oh yes, I can hear you Ian.  This is wonderful.”
It is.  Can we stay this way for a while?
We can stay this way as long as you two need for us to.  Ian, Cosette; I’m getting a picture of you two lying beside an empty tent.
Why that’s right, Celeste.  You can tell that it’s empty?
Yes, can’t we Celine?
Yes Mama.  It’s empty.
That’s amazing, Celeste.  Isn’t that amazing, Ian?
It is.  I’m still trying to get used to this miracle.
So General Washington is somewhere else then?
Yes.  Is the woodland nearby empty or not?
It seems empty, Ian.  Those nearest to you seem to be sleeping in their tents.
Good.  We can just visit a while then.
For the next two hours the two caught up on all that had been happening in France.  They learned that Robert Milliken had killed Miles Edwards and that Moreau was suspected of being in New York City now.
They got to visit with every single family member then, including Aimee and even Xavier.  Aimee and Ian had a really long talk then and she shared that she had learned three more languages since he’d gone and had begun to play the oboe.  As they conversed they all discovered that they could detect such things as mirth and could actually know when one or the other was laughing, and after some time, they could sometimes even tell who it was.  It was a precious and wondrous experience for all of them.
Henri was reporting on the growth of Ian’s financial holdings in Europe when Celeste interrupted suddenly.
Ian, Cosette!  Someone is in the woods!  There are three of them.  No… there are four….  No there are five of them in the woods.  Five in the woods, not moving now… watching… waiting.  Not real close yet.
Thank you, Celeste.
Celine discovered them before I did.
Thank you, Celine.
You’re welcome, Uncle Ian.
Ian and Cosette lay as still as two stones then, waiting as the Cicadas and Crickets continued their timeless symphony.  Minutes passed without a sound outside of that.
They’re moving closer, Ian.
Closer.
Closer.
I hear one now, thank you both.  Did you just hear that, Cosette?
Yes, off to our left.
Right.  Two now, no three off to our left.
Sabers Cosette, unless you need to use a pistol.
Very well.
Both of them silently drew their sabers and rose to a crouch, legs coiled beneath their selves.  Three figures seemed to flow out of the woods five rows east of the row where they were and easily a hundred yards distant.  They flitted quickly closer and were visible to two pairs of keen vampire eyes as they appeared momentarily between tents laid out in the rows that separated the two from the forest at the eastern edge of the camp.
The three stayed together as they closed the distance as Ian and Cosette hunkered down in the deeper shadows, waiting silently as would any good predators.  As the three drew near they all drew sabers and the two could see that they were dressed in uniforms of the Continental Army.  The three came directly toward Washington’s tent and when they got within forty feet of Ian he knew that they would see him in the next second or two so he exploded from cover and rocketed to the nearest one, engaging him and driving him back with a ferocious attack.  Bartholomew was in a panic and fought furiously, never dreaming of being attacked in this manner.  Ian took his head in some five seconds after engaging him.  Cosette had sprung from her place at the same instant and was already engaged with Franklin when Lawrence joined him to press her back.  No sooner had he done that then he was aware of Ian approaching from the rear and broke away, slicing open Washington’s tent and jumping through the gash into the dark interior. 
Ignoring him, Ian and Cosette pressed the other one, wounding him grievously six times before Cosette struck his head from his body.
Celeste spoke to their minds then, saying Ian, Cosette.  He left that tent and is heading for a really big tent beyond it!
The two rocketed toward the officer’s mess tent then, falling upon the third one just as he had come to that tent and had raised his saber to slice it open.  Ian reached him first, eyes blazing and engaged him with a fury, driving him back as he changed sword hands constantly and changed his rhythm each time.  In seconds Lawrence found out how badly he was overmatched as Ian’s attacks kept changing sides and rhythm.  It was like nothing he’d ever imagined as he fought with a fury born of desperation, knowing now that he was outclassed in the worst way.  Having suffered three substantial chest wounds at the hands of the frosty-eyed demon attacking him he turned and rocketed away, running for his very life.
As he pursued Lawrence, Ian’s urgent words sounded in Cosette’s consciousness saying Cosette!  Stay in front of the mess tent and use your pistols!
She had taken her place at the entrance as a hoarse whisper came from inside saying “What is happening out there?”  Others began to emerge from their tents nearby, peering about.
Cosette whispered “Colonel Hamilton, come out here and order those men back into their tents.  Hurry!”
Hamilton came out and ran to where several officers had gathered and quickly hushed them, ordering them back to their tents, while assuring them that things were under control.  He returned in less than a minute and Cosette spoke to him in a low voice saying “We got three of them.  Stay in there, all of you.  Let us do this.”
Ian followed the other one to the edge of the camp and then struck him down from behind, taking off his head with a clean two-handed blow of his saber.  Leaving the corpse there, Ian rocketed back to the mess tent to join Cosette, herself standing with two pistols drawn, eyes glowing.
“Did you get him” she whispered.
“Yes.  We’d best wait here just in case.  Better they get away then they get past us.”
Ian called to Celeste and Celine then, saying Celeste, Are the other two still in the woods? 
Yes.  They’ve moved and are closer now.
Are they in the same place as the others?
We can’t say, but they’re there and they are closer.
Are there any others out there anywhere?”
Not that we can tell.
“Cosette, let’s go get them.  We might be able to question one.”  He turned to the tent and whispered “Stay inside.  There are more of them.” and then he rocketed away with her close behind.  As they made it through all but two rows of tents, Celeste called to them:
 They stopped and they… they’re moving away.  They’re moving away!
Ian began to pull away from Cosette then as he ran as fast as he possibly could run, rocketing through the dark, bounding over fallen tree trunks like they weren’t even there.
You’re getting closer to one of them Ian.  The other one is further away and running. 
Ian spotted one then, running now full out but not matching his speed.  It was a female and she had no weapon in her hands, so he dropped his saber just as he tackled her, driving her to the ground and quickly driving his hunting knife into her chest, pinning her on her back, his eyes blazing as he grabbed her throat with his other hand even as she tried to scream in pain.
“Who are you?  Where’s the rest of your coven?  Tell me or I’ll gut you like a fish!”
“Please don’t hurt me again!  Please, please” she cried, even as she began to weep for the pain she was in.
Cosette arrived then, saying “I know that voice.  Charlotte?  Charlotte Miller?  Is that you?”
“Y… yes…  I’m Charlotte!  Who are you?” she said as she wept from the pain of her wound.
“I am Cosette, from the Green Dragon.”
“Cosette?  I… you… you’re a vampire too?”
“Yes.  This is my husband, Ian.  What are you doing here with these assassins?”
“Assassins?  My God!  They told me they wanted to steal some uniforms and money.  Aaaagh!”  She cried out again in great pain.  “I thought we were robbing some army payroll!”
Removing his knife, Ian wiped it clean on her shirt and sheathed it, but held her by the throat with his other hand as he continued to sit astride her body.
“How did you fall in with these vampires?”
“It was Bartholomew.  He forced me after work when I was almost home.”
“Who’s Bartholomew?”
“He is a big male, and he works with Yvonne.”
Ian spoke then, saying “Where is Yvonne?”
“She… she was with me and she ran so I ran too when I heard you coming.  Please don’t kill me.  I didn’t want to be with them.  It has been horrible and I have become a disgusting thing, a blood drinker!”
“Ian, she’s a serving wench and she helps the Culpers get information.”
Ian got off of her and gently gathered her up, letting her rest in one arm as Cosette knelt and handed her a flask.  In a kindly voice she said “Drink, Charlotte.  We’re not going to kill you, are we Ian.”
“No, lass.  I was forced to be a vampire myself.  I’m sorry I hurt you so bad.”
Other than weeping a bit more from the pain of the wound she said nothing for a bit and then spoke “Who were they trying to kill?”
“General Washington.”
“My God!  Is he… is he all right?  Bartholomew said something about that.  I should have put it together.  I was too busy feeling sorry for myself.”
“Then it was you who uncovered this plot?”
“Yes.  Bart told me one night at work and I passed it on to Mr. Townsend.”
“Well it is a good thing you did, Charlotte.  That is how we learned of it and how we came to be here.  We have to get back there now.  I’ll go tell Washington it’s safe and you two carry off those two corpses.  I have one at the edge of the camp to carry away.  We’ll meet back here when we’ve picked up all three of them.”
“Y… you got all three of them?”
“Yes.  We have to get them away from this camp now though.  Are you better?”
“Yes.  I think it is almost closed up.”
“Let’s go then.  We have to hurry!”
Leaving the two to gather up the two corpses and heads, Ian went to the mess tent and called softly saying “We got them.  It’s safe now.”
Washington himself parted the tent flap, whispering “How many were there, Ian?”
“Five sir.  One female got away.  We’ll have the bodies gone shortly.  I think you may have some dead sentries though.”
“Why is that?”
“Three were wearing Continental Army uniforms, sir.  Let us try to find the bodies ourselves.  They may have drained them and we don’t want stories of that being circulated.”
“Very well.  Good work.  I suspect they would’ve gotten me had you two not been here.”
“They think you have vampire bodyguards now, sir.  I doubt they’ll try again.  I need to go now.”
Washington extended his hand then saying “Well done.  Thank you, and carry on.”
The three of them got the three corpses and their heads gathered and laid out on a remote rocky table rock near a stream.  Charlotte looked at the corpse Ian had brought and said “That’s Bartholomew.  He’s the one who forced me.”
Stripping them of the uniforms they split up and went looking for the three sentries that were killed and finally found two.  Dressing them, they moved them to where they could be easily retrieved by the soldiers later after sunrise.  Both had been killed by breaking their necks and no bite wounds were to be seen.
Ian came to Cosette and took her in his arms.  “You did fine tonight.  I couldn’t have stopped them without you” he said as he bent to kiss her tenderly.  Pulling back he said “I’m going to that big creek we saw and take a bath.”
“Good idea.  We’ll find a place to bathe too and join you at our tent.”
Later at their tent Cosette gave Charlotte one of her two linsey woolsey shirts.  Her trousers were clean but damp and she had washed her hair and had it pulled back in a ponytail.  Ian and Cosette were again dressed in their buckskin trousers, boots and broad-brimmed hats.
Charlotte hesitantly approached the two saying “How long have you two been together?”
Looking at Ian with a smile, Cosette said “We were married nearly fourteen years ago.”
“Are the two of you alone, I mean alone in America?”
“No.  Some of our family is here.
“Really?  How many of your kind, er… of our kind are in it?”
“Counting Ian and I, there are eight in America.”
“Is this what you two do all of the time?”
Laughing heartily Cosette said “Heavens no, Charlotte!  This was an unusual situation.”
Laughing now too, and glad to be laughing again, she continued “Have you always had this family?”
“We started with a family in France and we only numbered four.  Soon after Ian and I married we had two more join us and before I came over here we were up to eleven.  We even had two human children at one time and even now our family in France has two more human children and two more vampires.”
Charlotte gaped at the two in astonishment as she said “Human children mixed with vampires?”
“Oh always human adults and human children mixed with us vampires, yes.”
“Do you mind my asking… what is it like…  I mean living all together like that and everything?”
“Why it’s wonderful.  We wouldn’t want to be anywhere else.”
“Then how is it you’re here and the others are where, in France?”
“Yes, France.  It happened because one of our humans died and we were going to start up two banks in America anyway.  That was how Ian came to be here and I followed.  Two others came only recently and four others joined us here.”
“Banks?  You…  I mean we vampires own banks?”
“Why yes, banks and many other businesses.”
“Unbelievable.”
Laughing then Ian said “Exactly what we want it to be, unbelievable.  It’s a world invisible to humans but we’re alongside of them everywhere in Europe, and now we’ll do that here too.”
She sat down then, clearly dumbfounded by this revelation.  “So you’ll be a family of eight then while here in America?”
Ian spoke then saying “I think we’ll have nine, don’t you Cosette?”
“What?  Oh, yes we’ll have nine; that is if Charlotte here will join us.”
Charlotte covered her mouth with both hands then as tears came into her eyes.  “You would take me… take me in?”
Cosette came over to her and took both of her hands saying “Of course we will, Charlotte.  You may live among us as long as you wish.  You’ll work at one of our banks.”
Charlotte began to cry tears of joy then, saying “I’m sorry to blubber so.  Oh thank you!  Thank you both so much!  Oh, I don’t know what to say, I’m so happy!”
“Someone helped us when we needed it.  Can we do less?  We’re happy to have you, aren’t we Ian?”
“That we are.  I even promise not to stab you again” he said with a wink as his eyes glowed.  Both women laughed uproariously together.

Chapter 119
Yvonne went through the coven house thoroughly to be sure she left nothing to show that she’d been there.  As she went through the place, she mentally reviewed what had happened the previous night.
Three strong male Adept vampires killed for sure.  Otherwise they would have returned here by now.  Was it McCloud and others, or has Washington gotten a cadre of vampires as personal bodyguards?  It must have been McCloud and his wife.  How could those two take down three strong male Adepts though?  That wife of his seems to fight as good as a male though and he fights like a devil.  How did he know we were going to try to assassinate Washington?  Did they get to June Stedman some way?  Do I dare even go see her?  She won’t help me now.  Maybe that dunce Bartholomew opened his big mouth at the tavern after I left him that night.  It couldn’t have been Charlotte because I lied to her about what we’d be doing.  Good thing I took her along or McCloud might have followed me instead of her.  That was too close for comfort!  Bartholomew brought her over and I suppose that’s one thing he did right.
I have to start over again somewhere else.  My New York City days are numbered.  I’ll empty my bank account and relocate, but where?  No, I’ll leave a little money in the account just in case Edwards feels like depositing more money for us.  He doesn’t know that I’m the only one remaining, so I could write him a letter asking for more money to be deposited in our account.  All he can do is refuse so I’ll do that today when I go to the bank.  I wonder if they were able to kill that Henri character they were after in France?
She sat down heavily then, as the utter completeness of her defeat settled on her palpably, like an unbearable weight.  For the first time since arriving in America she began to doubt her wisdom at being so eager to come here seeking revenge.
***
To both Ian and Cosette, it was as if a great weight had been lifted from their shoulders.  Knowing that it was very unlikely that Yvonne would try the same thing again, the two were able to relax for the first time since they’d gotten there.  They brought in game daily for the camp cooks and the time began to pass quickly.  Charlotte fell into a routine of helping the two with anything they were doing, and they enjoyed her company when the three of them were together.  It was decided not to tell Washington that she was a vampire too unless he asked, so her role was more that of keeping their area picked up and helping with field-dressing the game they brought in and tying it up on the game rack for the camp cooks.
It was only six days since they’d killed the three vampires that Ian was looking after the three horses they had brought from New York City.  He had decided that Charlotte would ride the pack horse back to New York and was looking into buying a saddle for it when he ran into Alexander Hamilton.  The two exchanged pleasantries and Hamilton revealed that they’d only just gotten a message from Admiral Comte de Grasse stating that he’d bring the French Caribbean fleet to Chesapeake bay to engage the British.  In the letter he urged Washington to lead both the Continental Army and the French Army to where they could engage General Cornwallis’s troops in Virginia near Yorktown.  Hamilton had seen both Ian and spymaster Benjamin Tallmadge together in conference with Washington prior to the assassination attempt so he felt secure in sharing information with Ian now.
At last there was consensus among Washington’s staff to support this plan fully and Washington reluctantly agreed to abandon his goal of invading New York City.  Instead he devised several feints, attacks all along the countryside just north of New York City.  By doing that, he hoped to make the British think that an attack on New York was imminent.  This would serve to induce them to keep their naval forces there and not send additional ships to Yorktown to support Cornwallis.  In fact, Rochambeau had already gotten his force of nearly six thousand French soldiers on the march from Rhode Island to Washington’s camp north of Tappan, and had sent word ahead.  The Continental Army under Washington numbering nearly eight thousand was alerted to be ready to march.  However only a tiny number of very senior officers knew that they were marching south to Virginia.  Most of the army thought they were maneuvering to attack New York City.
The whole camp was buzzing with the news and everyone seemed pretty excited at the prospect of fighting the British.  Both armies would move south through the woodlands west of the Hudson River Valley in order that the British not learn that they were moving a large force to the south.  Even though it would be a bit slower what with there being no roads, it was deemed to be worth it for the chance of surrounding Cornwallis by surprise.  A sizable portion of the French army remained with around half of Washington’s army near Tappan so that any spies in the vicinity would report a large French presence with the Continental army.  This was deemed by Washington to be a good way to mask their intent of leading a large combined force south to Virginia.
So it was that in August of 1781, the three of them found themselves traveling south with the combined French and American forces numbering some seven thousand.  The other half had been left behind to defend the Hudson River valley and prevent the British from taking that area.  What had happened to make this whole thing possible was that the Spanish fleet agreed to defend French Merchant ships in the Caribbean, freeing the French fleet to sail north to Chesapeake Bay.  The Spanish had even levied a tax in Cuba of five hundred thousand silver pesos for paying the American Army, assuring that there would be far fewer desertions.  They had given that money to the French Caribbean fleet to take north and turn over to Washington’s forces.  This cooperation between the two nations was helped by the two kings being cousins and by their common hatred of Great Britain, and a mutually supportive treaty that they had formally signed, each with the other.
Ian, Cosette, and Charlotte were in advance of the army with the scouts who were locating the best path for the two armies and their wagons and cannons through the forestland.  They were easily able to slip away from the advance party and kill game for helping to feed the two armies on their march southward.  Nonetheless the march south was the longest movement overland of the entire war, and was a masterpiece of logistical planning.  The French only knew too well that they had to be on their best behavior being as they had fought against these Americans in the French and Indian war only a few years before this war had broken out.  They paid for every single thing they required and the only commandeering done for the Continental army was done by Americans, paying in Continental notes, presumed to be redeemable after the war ended.
In September they had arrived in an area west of Yorktown and had united with the southern American army of General Greene.  True to his word, Admiral Comte de Grasse had indeed sailed to Chesapeake Bay with his twenty-nine ships and had driven the British fleet out of those waters.  It was not until shortly before the British Chesapeake fleet came limping into New York harbor that Commander of British forces in America Henry Clinton learned what had happened and that there never was going to be an attack on New York City by the American and French forces.  
General Cornwallis and his army were completely surrounded with no hope of relief.  The American and French forces west of Yorktown pressed the battle to take that city by digging trenches and moving mortars and cannons into place to bombard the British fortifications.  Once the British had lost two key fortifications to the Americans west of Yorktown, their defeat was assured.  Being outnumbered and surrounded without hope of reinforcements, Cornwallis sent out a messenger with a white flag to plead for terms of surrender.  In October of 1781 Cornwallis had formally surrendered his forces to Washington.
Ian and Cosette stayed the winter and helped to feed the Army by hunting game.  They had stopped off in Valley Forge and retrieved James and Melissa’s tent and furnishings and their oxen and wagon.  In the springtime, they returned the Oxen and wagon to the farmer and gave them to him as a gift.  They then returned to New York City.

Chapter 120
Ian and Cosette sat in the parlor of the Millhouse home with everyone as a celebratory meal hosted by Thelma Millhouse was being prepared.  The upcoming weddings of Stuart McCloud and Rebecca Davis as well as Laura Millhouse and sheriff’s deputy Lucas Ross were announced to congratulations by all.
The British were still in New York City but had been ordered by parliament and the King to cease all active persecution of the war in the colonies and to only hold what they currently occupied.  They were scrambling to keep Jamaica and their other possessions in the Caribbean area and also fighting to keep Gibraltar, the Balearic Isles of Spain, and India.  In India they were particularly hard pressed by the French.  The British people and the parliament had had enough of the war in America and a peace treaty would be negotiated the following year.
The British would occupy New York City until they could arrange for an orderly evacuation including loyalists and Tories who didn’t dare stay in America.  However their occupancy would change from that of a governing body to that of a caretaking body only to be there until they could evacuate in an orderly fashion.  That presently unthinkable event would happen the following year and until then, Washington and the Army would stay in the field at full strength.  The French affected a withdrawal the following spring, leaving their stronghold in Rhode Island after marching north to Tappan from Virginia with Washington and his army.
Charlotte, Priscilla, and Oliver had previously moved into the Davis home so that it not sit empty and be taken by the Crown for quartering soldiers.  The rest of the family lived with the Millhouses excepting for James and Melissa who still had a leased cottage in Manhattan.
By now, Celeste and Celine could communicate with Li and Sophia nearly as well as with Ian and Cosette.  Ian and James laid plans to get the bank up and running in New York City, and after that was accomplished, another bank would be started in Boston and later on, a third one in Philadelphia.  James and Melissa would locate permanently in Boston where he would run that bank and Charlotte was going with them to live there.  Ian and Cosette would live in New York City where Ian would run that bank, as would Cosette.  Priscilla and Oliver would live in New York City too and would work at that bank.  Li and Sophia were staying, and would open the bank at Philadelphia along with Ian when it was started, but Li would have to be trained by Ian before that.
The entire group was quite enthusiastic about what the future in America would hold for them.  Ian and Cosette had departed from New York City the following spring in 1782 for the land of the Seneca.  They were afoot, and attired in their usual frontier garb.  They carried no firearms whatsoever, but each had their short sword and knife.
Ian wanted to show Cosette the American frontier and intended for her to meet Moon Owl’s people.  They detoured to the Seneca tribe of Gray Wolf where Ian presented the Sachem a tomahawk pipe, which was considered to be a highly prized possession.
The former captives, both women and children all flocked to see Ian.  All of the children wanted to see and touch Cosette’s hair, which she had allowed to regrow.  The children were constantly hanging around Ian and asking questions, which warmed Cosette’s heart, having heard the story of their captivity and return.
Ian asked the Sachem if he could have the pipe that Moon Owl had smoked at the council when they’d celebrated the return of the captives taken by the Shawnee.  After spending two days with Gray Wolf’s Seneca, the two departed northward for Tall Elk’s village near the shore of Lake Erie.  Ian had been teaching her the language of the Iroquois while they had been traveling, and in typical vampire fashion, she had picked it up in under a day, becoming fluent in only one more day.
They had reached the place where only one hilltop separated them from the village when Ian and Cosette heard stealthy footfalls in the forest around them.  Stopping there, Ian called out saying “May a son of the Seneca and his wife come in?”
From the forest came the answer “I hear the voice of Ian the Night Stalker.  Are you truly come to visit us?”
“I have Tall Elk, and I’ve brought my wife.”
Tall Elk himself stepped into the open then, his face split in a smile as he came to Ian and the two clasped each other’s forearm in a greeting of friendship.  Ian said “Tall Elk, this is my wife, Cosette.  Cosette, this is Tall Elk, Sachem of the Seneca.”  She smiled warmly and nodded while with a puzzled look, Tall Elk asked “Where is Moon Owl?”
Gravely Ian said “She was killed by my enemy.”
Tall Elk’s countenance fell then.  Ian said “It happened in the land of the Shawnee near the land of the Delaware two winters ago.”
Tall Elk nodded slowly, a troubled look upon his face.  “Who is this enemy of Night Stalker?”
“He was an enemy of my kind who lived in the land of the Manahatta.  I burned him alive for that.”
Nodding in grim approval he said “Your wife here; she is one of your kind then?”
“Yes.  I’ve been fighting against the redcoats since then and they’ve been beaten.”
Others among the braves came to him then, grasping his forearm in friendship, among them Gray Fox.  Their village now enjoyed great prestige among the Seneca nation because of Ian and Moon Owl rescuing and returning the captives who had been taken by the Shawnee.
As they walked to the village, he gave an account of how he and Cosette had been separated in France some fourteen years earlier and had only recently been reunited after Moon Owl’s death.
As they approached, the villagers came out to greet them, having heard that the Night Stalker and his wife had come home.  Several children who Ian had befriended came smiling to greet the pair.  They all had grown and at first Ian was hard put to recall who some of them were.  Cosette had taken off her broad-brimmed hat once in the shade of the village trees and many of the Seneca were curious about the color of her hair and her beautiful gray eyes.  She was gracious and smiled warmly at all, allowing whoever desired to touch her hair, and no small number of the women and children did just that, while marveling at her beauty and the beauty of her extraordinary eyes.
As they approached the cabin of Moon Owl, her mother Snow Fawn came out, looking puzzled.  Ian came to her and took her in his arms gently, kissing her forehead and speaking softly.  He broke the news to her as best he could, and apologized for taking so long to come tell her.  She wept softly against his chest and he stood there near the cabin, holding her as Cosette tearfully looked on.
“These are for you” he said as he handed her Moon Owl’s hairbrush, comb, and hand-mirror.  She took each item and looked at it closely, and then nodded tearfully, once more reaching to embrace him.
“These were hers too” he said as he handed over her sword and knife, along with her copper bowl and flasks.  She looked closely at each and looked up at Ian, saying “Is she buried in the land of our enemies?”
“No.” he said as he produced the two large canning jars containing her ashes.  “These are her remains.  I thought it best to bring them here to the land of her people” he said as he looked sorrowfully at her.  She nodded and held the two jars to her breast, seeming to age visibly as she walked over to one of the two rocking chairs that Ian had made for them and sat down.  She slowly rocked just a bit and wept then, the jars held close to her breast.
Sorrow washed over Ian then, almost as if it had only just happened.  Tears formed and streamed from his eyes as he knelt next to Snow Fawn.  Even as he wondered if he should ever have come to America though, he was again reminded that Moon Owl was as good as dead when he’d rescued her and would have died horribly years earlier had he not intervened.  Only by looking at the thing in that light was he able to bear her loss at all, even after all of this time.
Cosette was sensitive to his sorrow and came to him, kneeling beside him to put her arms about him then as he wept with Snow Fawn.
That evening there was a council meeting and a festival to celebrate the return of the Night Stalker to the Seneca.  Cosette and Snow Fawn sat directly behind Ian at the council fire.  After the pipe had been ceremonially lit and passed around to the elders and to Ian, he stood up to speak.
“Men of the Seneca of Tall Elk, you know that Moon Owl and I went to get those who had been carried away by the Shawnee, and you know that they were all brought back to their families.  What you might not know is that Moon Owl fought beside me and killed many of those Shawnee responsible and helped me to bring them back to the Seneca.”  Reaching down and taking a long object wrapped in Moon Owl’s shawl he unwrapped a pipe for all to see.  Handing it to Tall Elk he said “This is the pipe that Moon Owl smoked at the council fire of Gray Wolf after we had brought the captives home.  She sat at the council fire of Gray Wolf between him and me and did smoke this pipe with us on that night.  Look at it, every one of you as a reminder of who the greatest of Seneca women was.  What woman ever took the heads of the enemies of the Seneca and made them to know fear?  What woman ever smoked the pipe at the council fire of the Seneca but Moon Owl?  What woman of the Seneca was ever greater than Moon Owl who healed a Seneca boy who was as good as dead?  She is dead, but you have with you her mother Snow Fawn to honor with your love.”  Turning to her then he reached down and gently drew her to her feet and embraced her, seating her where he had been and sitting down behind her.
It became silent in the long house then, everyone staring at Snow Fawn somberly.  Finally Tall Elk nodded his head as did several of the elders and one began a conversation concerning the upcoming lacrosse match between their village and a neighboring village.  The result of the match would again determine who got to use a given area for hunting for an entire year.  Ian answered yes when the question was raised as to whether he would play in the match for the village.  Tall Elk beckoned for him to take a place at the council fire beside Snow Fawn and the council resumed their discussion as if nothing unusual had happened.
From that time forth, Snow Fawn enjoyed even more prestige among her people, being that she was the mother of Moon Owl, greatest of all Seneca women.  It didn’t hurt that the great warrior Night Stalker endorsed her.
Ian and Cosette set to work on the cabin taking care of any maintenance issues that Ian could find.  It was in better shape than in previous years owing to the women learning how to maintain it by watching and working with Ian when he and Moon Owl would visit.  In fact, Snow Fawn would never again have to do much to the place being as it was considered to be a labor of honor among the people of the village to assist the mother of Moon Owl.  She sat at the council fire among her people all of the days of her life after that.
***
 “Oh Johnny, you can’t continue to be angry at me.  I was just lonely and was afraid that you might marry or return to England what with the war winding down.”
“Damn it Yvonne, I’ll be labeled a deserter and lose my pension besides that!”
“I promise you, I have money enough for us; or at least for a while anyway.  I’d think you’d be flattered that I chose you to be my mate.”
“That’s just it.  You chose, and I wasn’t even asked.  And now I keep having these awful pains… you say they’ll pass, but they hurt something awful!”
“You weren’t complaining when you bedded me Johnny, and besides, the pains will pass and you’ll like the things that you can do as a vampire, I promise you.”  Sidling up close to him, she took his hand and placed it inside of her blouse, which she had carelessly left open, as she reached down low on his body and began to caress him, between his legs.  She pressed close, her lips kissing and nuzzling his neck and teasing about his lips as she knowingly aroused him.
He moaned and pressed in close to her, took a sharp breath then and sweeping her off of her feet, he bounded to the base of the staircase and bounded to the landing above in one leap as she gave a sultry chuckle, saying “See.  You’re feeling better already” as he flashed to the bedroom and tossed her onto the bed while ripping off his clothing.
Her laughter accompanied the sounds of frantic movements made in the heat of passion as downstairs in the kitchen, an elderly farmer and his wife lay on the floor of their New Jersey farm house.  The two lay staring sightlessly, each with a circular bite wound on their necks, and already more pale than any corpse would be.

Chapter 121
It was a rainy day in Liechtenstein, the cobblestones of its streets glistening as residents scurried about their business, ducking from doorway to doorway as they hurried hither and yon.
A red brick building on a corner stood out somewhat in the rainy landscape, being different from the usual stucco or stone exteriors of so many of the buildings of Vaduz.  It boasted a dome atop its 3rd story roof, and all of the windows on the main floor displayed extremely heavy iron bars, in spite of this city having the lowest crime rate in all of Europe.  A connecting archway built into its brick façade featured an extremely heavy twin iron gate as well.  The cobblestone driveway that led through the archway went around a corner inside of the courtyard where it terminated, leaving the courtyard itself not visible from the street.  On the twin iron gates were two crests emblazoned on two shields.  The two shields were purple with gilt edges and three stylized gilded letters ‘L T G’ appeared on each shield.  Two tall muscular Adept vampires stood guard inside of the gate wearing long black rain slickers.
A light gray marble judge’s bench, curved to fit the shape of the room was at the west end of the room with its nine seats of dark red leather, and at the east end were four large oak tables with numerous heavy well-crafted chairs.  Two of these tables were pushed together for this informal gathering of the Supreme Council of vampires, since no outsiders were testifying this day.
The nine judges sat informally about this table, headed by Heinrich Von Steuben, the chief judge of the Council.
“Esteemed colleagues, I have no more to offer on this incident than to say that Henri’s people made up a superb team and that we killed every single rogue.  Their plan and its execution were perfect.  I will say that I actually enjoyed myself and I’m going to make it a point to partake of more of these things in the future.”
The Russian judge, Vassily laughed, saying “You’re still a warrior at heart, Heini.  Willy, you participated in another of these raids shortly before this one.  Was it the same team then?”
“Yes.  We had a different entry plan being as the building had a cellar and they were all down there excepting for two recent converts.  Not one rogue escaped there either.  We were all sooty with gunpowder residue when it was over I can tell you that.  Henri’s team was superb.”
“My team did well both times, but I do remind all of you that the instigator got away.”
“He was the younger brother of our Inquisitor, Aldric Moreau, correct?”
“Yes.  We think he escaped to America, but I brought posters for each of you to have circulated around in your territories should he turn up there.  Robert took care of the one financing the thing, and he can tell you more about that.”
Robert Milliken spoke then “He was the younger brother of my former senior partner and he inherited his older brother’s estate.  I killed him myself and searched his estate.  I never did find anything else to link him to any others.  He did bankroll Moreau as well as two other vampires from France.  Those two we know went to America and as Henri will tell you, Ian McCloud killed a nest full of them over there.”
“All of them from France?”
“Two only.  The others were American converts.  We think maybe we missed the two in one of our raids in earlier years and they wanted revenge.”
“So Ian took on a nest of them over in America?”
“Yes he did, and he had a close call while he was at it.”
Von Steuben said “That’s the first I heard of it.  So even over there, he’s still caught up in this sort of thing?”
“Yes.  Three of my people and a couple of Robert’s people got there just in time.  Cosette was the first to arrive and she barely prevented Ian being decapitated.
“My word, Henri!  You surely have the fighting women in your family.”
Wilhelm said “Oh yes!  You should have seen the four of them holding that staircase in Paris.” as Heinrich chimed in “You should have seen those women blocking that front door in Marseille!  Those headless bloodsuckers were piled up there like fire logs!”  A chorus of laughter followed that remark.
Heinrich spoke then, saying “I’m surprised at Ian on that one in America though.  He’s usually so thorough and all.”
“Well, he was alone, and one of them baited him by killing an American he was close to.”
“I’ll bet that was a mistake he regretted!”
“Yes indeed!  He’d already killed that one, and this time he only wanted to get the leader and get back out.”
“So he wanted to keep picking them off one by one.  How many were there?”
“Even after he killed two, there were sixteen remaining.”
“All of that to get revenge?”
“It seems so.  He went in alone and killed four of them before being downed by a head shot from a balcony.  We all feel blessed that the others found him in time to save him.  If we can, I would like to discuss another matter with all of you while we’re all together today.”
The others nodded so Henri continued “As you know we’ve made our generational move and I’m pleased to say that it was successful and we’re now the Laforges.  We’ll have residences in Geneva, Paris, and Luxembourg.  We’re expanding into America in partnership with Robert here.”
“So that’s going well too?”
“Well yes.  Ian and his partner had to hide the startup funds in cemeteries all over the place to keep the British from impounding them.”
There was an outburst of laughter as Heinrich said “Now that’s the Ian I remember; always thinking ahead.”
“Excepting when raiding American vampire covens?”  Vassily quipped.
Everyone had a good laugh at that, and then Henri continued “We’ve resumed our efforts for two or three banks over there and the one in New York City will be running very soon.”
Several offered congratulations then.
“Now I’ll get to what I want to share with all of you.  The war in America will soon end, but it has put an enormous burden on the French treasury and France has debts now that can’t be met under its current taxation system.  Increased trade with America won’t help them enough, really.  There are entrenched institutions in my country like in your countries, and both the clergy and the noble families enjoy a sweet tax status in France.  They’ll resist any attempt to change the tax laws in any way that causes them to pay more than they do now.  The King may ultimately be forced to levy more taxes on the people themselves and in my view this could result in a revolt.”
Wilhelm said “Are you certain of this, Henri?”
“Yes.  Given the players in this drama, I think there will be a revolt.  There is a group that call themselves Jacobins in Brittany province in western France.  They’re already gathering support to push for ousting King Louis himself.”
“My word!”
“Yes.  Their goal is to take control of a national assembly if one is called for.  Louis may be forced to allow the three estates to meet, and the Jacobins mean to take over the 3rd estate.  It will be aided and encouraged by those who stand to gain.  It may be that agents of the human banking cartel in London are directing and aiding the Jacobins in France.  I suspect that the political left will seize control, based on who I know to be in favor of it.  If they try, to gain  popularity they’ll support reforms like endorsement of ‘The Rights of Man’ and the vote for the common man.  This part is of great importance.  A violent purge is what I believe they truly seek.  Poor people in France are going to begin to go hungry in the not too distant future.  It will grow to be an ugly situation, what with the Jacobins using the poor to push their goals.”
“Their goals?”
“Yes.”
“This sounds bad Henri, but what has it to do with us?” asked Von Steuben. 
“The human banking cartel of Europe is very dedicated to the overthrow of the monarchies and to ending the influence of the Roman Catholic Church as well.  Some of them plotted to start insurrection in Austria as you may recall and they’ve fled to France to keep their heads.  They’ve lent money to King Louis, but I believe they truly desire for him to be overthrown.  Once started, this thing could spill over into most of your countries eventually, make no mistake.”
Wilhelm said “How can you be so certain?”
“I have reliable people in both government and in finance.  The human banking cartel will move to install a dictator not beholden to Rome and they will finance him in return for his expanding the hostilities to neighboring countries; countries to whom they will also loan money.”
“That is a devilish plan, Henri!”
“They’re aiming to do away with all monarchies in Europe.  Having an angry populace of a large country under the control of their hand-picked dictator will offer them a perfect opportunity to try to expand this revolt against the monarchies in the neighboring countries.”
“But how…  I mean what excuse can any dictator use to start invading his neighbors?”
“The Roman Catholic Church and the surrounding monarchies of Europe are going to feel threatened when this happens and they’ll support King Louis for their own sakes.  That will give the dictator who they set up an excuse to whip the French population into a frenzy against those countries, as well as against the Church.  At this time we believe that an unprecedented era of warfare is coming to Europe, and it may arrive near the end of this century.”
“What will you do, Henri?”
“I’m liquidating some businesses and rentals even now.  They’re profitable, but at risk given what might be coming.  We’re very likely moving to America in the long term.  In the beginning we may try to live in the Swiss Confederacy, but colleagues, that country can be invaded easily from the direction of France through the Rhone Valley.”
Vassily spoke then saying “You don’t think they will come as far as Russia do you?”
“Prussia and Austria are closer and if they support King Louis, I think the dictator will be encouraged to invade them.  The Czar and the Romanov family are known to be enemies of the European human banking cartel, so I wouldn’t rule out even such a foolhardy thing as a land invasion of Russia.  It doesn’t bother the cartel to use the armies of nations to further their goals or to take revenge upon their enemies.”
“Henri, you have ministers in government who are… friends, like we all do.  Can they not contain this thing?”
“Perhaps.  But they could all be swept aside if this thing this thing explodes.  If the Jacobins succeed, their revolt may take on a life of its own.  In my view the survivors will be the ones who either switch sides or leave France.  I’ll help those who want to leave when the time comes.
“Is a dictatorship the only way this can go?”
“No.  They may not be able to install a dictator right away.  The people would resist that, and want a parliament or some sort of representative government.  In time though, I fear that they may just butt heads against each other while things deteriorate for the average French citizen.  That is the time when a dictator might be acceptable to the masses as they look for a way out of the mess their country has become.  Millions of hungry people can be a powerfully persuasive tool.”
“Any idea who the cartel would want for their dictator?”
“No, but I have reason to believe that they’ll raise up someone from within the French military.  Be watchful for anyone who begins to attract a large public following.  France has a population triple that of most countries in Europe, so she can field a sizeable army.  The cartel will fund that army.”
“What do you suggest, Henri?”
“Yes, we all admit that of all of us, you are the most savvy about these things.”
“We’ll have banks in America that are beyond the reach of European dictators and the fortunes of war.  We’ll deal only in silver or gold coin, or British currency until America has its own monetary system backed by gold and silver.  That will take a number of years because they don’t yet even have a government.  I encourage all of you to consider depositing a part of your personal funds in one of the banks there that Robert and I are starting.  Opportunities in America will be nearly as limitless as its resources are.  As far as Europe goes, banks in England, the Netherlands, and especially Robert’s bank will be relatively safe during this event, but the banks in the Swiss Confederation may become risky.”
“Why would Swiss banks become risky?”
“They’re in the path of an invasion of Austria or Prussia so their assets would be at risk.  I’ll sit down with each of you and look at your investments and offer advice should any of you desire.  There is time yet, probably several years.  But I tell you now colleagues, be thinking of your personal safety and do get your financial houses in order.  A storm is coming, the likes of which we haven’t seen before.”

Chapter 122
Ian stood just behind Cosette on a large rock overlooking the great falls of the Niagara.  He had his arms around her and the two stood silently taking in the breathtaking scene.  “I would have never imagined such a thing, Ian.  There can be nothing like this anywhere else on earth.  What river is this?”
Gently pulling her hair back he kissed her on her cheek and said “It is called Niagagarega, or the land of the Niagara, but it is one giant lake draining into another.”
“What a wonder  This rock is shaking!”
“There are other really big lakes beyond these two toward the west.  I think they may all be connected.”
“Moon Owl showed you this?”
“Yes.  She brought James and me here when we brought her home to her people.” he said as he stepped away from her.  Reaching into his rucksack he drew out a jar of ashes and poured them out near where they stood.  “Other than her village, this was her favorite place.”
“Weren’t there two jars?”
“Yes.  Her mother poured one out in front of the cabin.”
Turning to him then, she said “I know this is hard for you” as she put her arms around his waist and laid her head on his shoulder.  He sighed and put both of his arms around her.  “It isn’t so sad for me now with you here.  It’s almost as if I am getting another chance at life what with you saving me from that coven and being with me now.”
“There’s no place I’d rather be.” she said as she drew his head down to kiss him.
They explored the area completely then, bounding from rock to rock, crossing to the other side to get a completely different view.  Staying on the far side then, they watched the spectacle of the crescent moon rising over the falls.  She sat between his knees, a blanket wrapped about both of them as they talked about the family and things they would do together now that the war was going to end.  Much later they made love slowly and tenderly beneath the spectacular star-filled sky as the falls voiced their eternal thunder.
***
Four days later the two had just returned to the village when it was announced that they would travel to the next village to play a Lacrosse match.  This would determine who would have the disputed hunting lands between the two villages for the following year, beginning the day of the game.  It took them until late afternoon to reach the next village and there was a welcome supper hosted by that village.  Ian sat among the elders of the two villages and smoked the ceremonial pipe, Cosette and Snow Fawn sitting behind him.  The talk that evening was of the Shawnee and how they now weren’t even so much as seen in areas where they used to hunt regularly.
The following morning, Ian was asked to guard the goal and he guarded it well enough that his village won the match by a score of 8-0.  The game was played continually until nearly sundown before the other team conceded defeat, but in any case it would have ended at nightfall.  Several of the opposing team’s braves soon discovered that just as it was the last time he had played, they couldn’t hope to sling the ball past Ian.  As in past matches the opposing team adopted a strategy of bowling into him, hoping to all crash together into the goal and score that way.  As in other games, every one that tried it came away bloodied and often dazed.  Three who tried it were carried from the field unconscious.
Afterward before the celebration feast, Ian and Cosette slipped away to bathe.  She sat behind him in a creek, washing his hair and commenting on the game.  He laughed and said “I feared that it would be a bore for you, being as these things last all day long.”
“No.  Not at all.  It was exciting, and maybe more so since it was so violent.  But I confess that I like what I’m doing right now a lot better” she said as she drew him back upon her breast to kiss him.
“Mmmm.  I see what you mean.  I think we might be late for the celebration.”
“I think you’re right, Mr. McCloud” she said as he turned, scooped her up and leapt from the stream, bounding away into an area of tall grass where they dried each other with their blankets and then made love.
***
 “Mrs. Stedman.  How kind of you to see me again.” said Moreau as he bowed and kissed her hand.
“Hello again, Mr. Moore.”
“Have you heard from Yvonne yet?”
“No, and I surely know that George Washington is alive and well, much to my dismay.  Have you any news of her and that Bartholomew fellow?”
“I fear not Madame.  I think it’s safe to assume that they failed and now with this latest turn of events, I wonder if she’d even come back to New York City, assuming that they survived at all.”
“So the place I leased for them is empty then?”
“Yes.  I found nothing that would tell me where any of them had gone or even if they’d ever returned.  What do you think that means?”
She sat a bit and sipped her tea, looking out the window.  “I think it means that they tried and failed at the very least.  In that case they abandoned that place for fear that one was taken alive and made to talk.  At worst they were all killed.”
“My thoughts exactly, Mrs. Stedman.  If you do not mind my saying so, you are quite astute as well as quite lovely.”
June smiled pleasantly at him while nodding once, thinking spoken as a gigolo, or more in earnest?  Do I want to be involved with this one?  More to the point, might it now be in my own best interest to involve myself with him?
She replied “Thank you, Mr. Moore.  What do you think of my future prospects given the disastrous turn the war took?”
“I should think that would be obvious to a woman of your intelligence.  I would begin to liquidate my holdings as soon as possible.  Regardless of what agreements are reached and what is specified in a future peace treaty between England and America, you will always be reviled and hated on these shores for being a Tory.”
“So what then?  Sell our holdings for what I can get and return to England?”
“If you were human, yes.  However being an Adept vampire there are other options open.”
“Do tell.”
Laughing, he set his tea cup and saucer on the table and said “June, if I may call you that; you can easily assume another name and I can easily forge documents for you.  You can live anywhere in America in comfort forever as long as you don’t start out where you’re known.”
“So I could relocate under an alias and remain here?  Whatever for?”
“If you go to the right place under a new identity, you could easily buy a former Tory estate for a very low price soon enough.  Surely you know of places besides New York City where there are a lot of Tories living.
“Oh my, yes!  The southern colonies are full of Tories, more so by far than in the northern colonies, except for New York City.  I’m sure that is why General Clinton concentrated the war effort down there, hoping for an early victory with loyalist support.  Too bad it didn’t work.”
“June, I suspect that estate prices will fall faster down there than in New York City what with the British high command being here and housing being in short supply.  They’ll leave eventually though and you’ll want to have liquidated your holdings and be gone before that.  You’ll be easily able to buy a suitable estate in the south for a good deal less than you will get for your place here.  Surely that’s a more attractive future than selling low here and buying at a high price in England.”
She sat looking at him for several seconds as she thought so to stay here, I’ll need to join myself to this one for a while.  He’s attractive enough, but I’ll surely keep control of my estate by not marrying him.  Scandal be damned, I’ll not risk my estate by marrying this one!
Smiling warmly then she said “When you put it that way, it is indeed.  Of course I would need an agent who was not known by anyone in America.  He would be one who could purchase the property for me in my new name where I would be less likely to be recognized.  Do you know anyone like that, Arnold?” she asked while rolling her eyes coquettishly. 
Laughing he said “Oh, indeed I do, June.  Indeed I do.”

Chapter 123
Ian and Cosette had returned to the village of Tall Elk and stayed a while longer.  Late one evening after saying their goodbyes to the Chief and all of the people at the council fire, Cosette and Ian sat with Snow Fawn in the cabin talking.  She reminisced about when Moon Owl had been a little girl.  Snow Fawn, half-white herself, had married a French trapper and had given birth to Moon Owl   Later she had returned a widow with Moon Owl to the village of Tall Elk, and had married a Seneca brave.
Years later a French trapper came there and he had been staying in the village and had become enamored with Moon Owl and had offered an unheard of price to have her for a wife.  Snow Fawn had not wanted her husband to accept it, but he had.  That was how she had come to be married to the trapper who was eventually murdered when she was abducted.  At nearly age nineteen at the time, she was considered to be old for a bride.  By all accounts he had been a kindly man and had treated her well.
Ian had made a small fire in the hearth while Snow Fawn was telling the story to Cosette.  He had swung the cooking pot over the fire and had chopped up some roots and vegetables and a bit of rabbit meat to make a very small portion of soup.  Pouring it into a wooden bowl, Ian brought it to the table where the two were sitting and set it before Snow Fawn.
“Is this for me, Ian?”
“Yes.  Let it cool while I tell you about it.”
He then explained about how he had made soup and added a bit of his blood to cure Moon Owl of the White Man’s Disease.  She nodded her understanding as he reminded her about Moon Owl saving the leg of the boy who had been mauled by a cougar.  “I was here when she saved that boy.”
“So if you take this you will never again be ill or get weak eyesight or have trouble hearing or walking about as you age.  But you will also be able to help heal those of your people who become really sick or have really bad wounds.”
“I have to drink this then and then I can do the same for others who need it?”
“Yes.  I have saved the lives of several children by doing this in the land where I once lived.  It’s your decision to make though.”
“I saw how the boy got well again when Moon Owl did that.  He was dying and his leg was going to rot.  I will do this.”
He took his knife and opened a cut and forced some two spoonsful of his blood into the soup bowl and pushed it to Cosette who stirred it.  Meanwhile he offered his forearm to Snow Fawn to see as the wound closed itself even while she looked on.  Her eyes widened as she looked at him questioningly.
“We heal very quickly and that is one reason we’re so hard to kill.”
“Will I be like that?”
“No.  You’ll never be sick again, but you’ll die one day.  You may outlive even some of the children of this village.”
After she had consumed it, she admitted that she couldn’t taste it, but that her belly felt warm.  Ian spoke then saying “You’ll become known as a great medicine woman Snow Fawn.  Use this for good all of the days of your life.  Other nations such as Mohawk and even Shawnee might bring a sick one to you one day.  It may be even that a white man might need your help.  On that day, be gracious and help them as if they were your own people.  This is pleasing to God, that we love one another.”
She stood and reached her arms to him then and he stood and embraced her, kissing her forehead and saying “You are as a mother to me, Snow Fawn.  Your daughter had all of the love that you bear in her own heart.  I’m blessed to have known and loved her.”
“You and Cosette are as a son and daughter to me, Ian.  It is strange, but it is good.”
“We are leaving now to go to the land of the Manahatta which we call Manhattan.  We’d like for you to visit us there one day.  If you would do us the honor, we would come and get you and bring you back when your stay is done.  You’ll see many sights that none of your people have ever seen.  We’ll even go out onto the sea in one of the ships with wings of cloth that catch the wind.  You don’t have to decide now, but you can decide when we return next summer.”
“I will go with you then, my son.” she said as she tearfully embraced him.  Cosette came then, embracing and kissing her too.  Ian took her face between his hands then and kissed both of her cheeks and her forehead before saying “Goodbye, Mother.”
***
“Philadelphia is bigger than New York City after all.” said Jonathon Siebert as he and Yvonne strolled arm in arm through the waterfront area along the Delaware River.
“Yes, and it hasn’t been burnt badly either, and the Tories are selling out as fast as they can; or at least the smart ones are.  We should be able to find a modest place, perhaps one with a business downstairs and an apartment up above.”
“A business?  Yvonne I don’t know anything but soldiering.”
“Now Johnny; surely you can learn a trade.  After all, vampires learn things far faster than humans do.  Besides that, we’ll run out of money at some point and then what?”
“How much do we have?  You buried it somewhere and I wasn’t around at the time.”
“Now Johnny, a lady can’t be too cautious in this world.”
He thought you might be many things Yvonne, but a lady isn’t one of them.  But I’m hopelessly addicted to you all the same.  He said “Can’t we just find a wealthy couple and force them to cross over?  That is what you said you did to the Stedmans.”
“We have to be careful doing something like that.  If we found a couple and one of them was dying, we might do that and earn their gratitude, but until we find an opportunity like that, we have to appear to have a livelihood to avoid any suspicion.  I shouldn’t have taken the chance that I took in New York City.  Not only that, but we have to change our name.  I don’t want that damned McCloud to come calling some night with a sword and pistols, and neither do you!”
“I’ll face him any time anywhere.”
“You’ll do no such thing if you value your head!  He fights like a devil and besides, I’m getting used to you being around.” she said as she stretched and pulled him down a bit so as to peck him on his cheek.
“There’s more to this being a vampire than I thought.  I figured that since we are stronger, we can always just take what we need.”
“Johnny, we have to blend in so as not to always have to be moving or running away from our misdeeds.  A successful Adept vampire lives a life of ease among humans, not in hiding.  Consider it like a game we play to deceive all around us.  I think it’s deliciously fun to walk among them, unsuspected.  We’ll find a place and a trade and bide our time.  An opportunity will come our way.  A lot of people are saying that America’s the land of opportunity.”
“I’ll learn a trade then Yvonne, no matter how boring it is.”
Laughing then she snuggled closer to him as they turned a corner to walk through a short but empty alleyway.  Sliding her hand down into his pocket while pretending to be walking along, she knowingly began to caress his groin area as she said “No matter how boring your new trade is, I’ll make sure that your nights are never boring.”
“My God, Yvonne but you’re a vixen!”
“Aren’t I though!” she said with a chuckle as he gasped.

Chapter 124
 “Oh Ian, I really do like this house.  It’s so big!  We can have all of the others stay as long as they want.”
“Stu and Rebecca want to move in to the tenant house out back.”
“Well that just means we have seven extra bedrooms instead of six.  If any of our family comes to America, we’ll have room for them too.”
  Drawing her close he kissed her and said “I want you to go through it and furnish it any way that pleases you.”
“Well, really I like a lot of the furnishings as they are, but I do want to change the parlor and drawing room.  Won’t that be fun?”
“Ah, Cosette…  I’d just as well that you do that completely on your own, but I’ll come along if I must.”
“Oh honestly, Ian!” she laughed “You’re just like Henri and Li.  None of you men care a bit about furnishings.  No matter.  Sophia and Prissy will help me.”
Laughing then he said “Thank the good Lord above for those two!  Seriously though, I’m looking at the only furnishing that I care about in the whole world.  This place would just be a big fancy box without you.”
“Mmmm… you always know just what to say” she said with a smile as she kissed him.
Pulling back from her, he said “I bought it through a trust that James and I set up.  If June Stedman or anyone else gets curious about who owns her former home, all that they’ll learn is that a land trust company in Boston is holding it anonymously.  It’ll look like it’s just another example of property speculation.”
“What about that adjoining land?”
“It is a ninety three acre plot and our trust is going to buy it too, as well as an adjoining plot to that one which fronts some seven hundred feet on the Hudson.  All told we’ll have one hundred twenty three acres.”
She came to him then, putting her arms about him and kissing him tenderly saying “You banking types think of everything.”
His eyes beginning to glow softly he scooped her up and said “I even picked out a room for us so let’s go and try it while no one else is here.”  At that he bounded to the base of the staircase and then to the top in one leap as she shrieked with laughter.
They made love then.  It was urgent, hot, and wildly passionate.  Afterward she took his hand and kissed it softly, holding it to her lips.  He felt a lump rise in his throat as he recalled how Moon Owl always did that, yet it wasn’t sorrowful at all.  It was sweet, and he cherished it.  Gently stroking her hair he said “I’m so happy, Cosette.  The way we can be together like this, it’s as if we were never apart.  I’m grateful for that and for how you have been so understanding about my situation.  I love you so much.”
“Mmmm…  I never get tired of hearing that.” she said as she kissed his hand.
“Do you think Rebecca and Stuart will want to be married here or at her church?”
“Probably her church if I had to guess.  We can have the celebration here.  Won’t that be wonderful?”
“It’s all wonderful really, but the best part is that you’re a part of it all.  I still sometimes have to pinch myself to be sure I’m not dreaming this all.  I mean, it’s so unbelievable the way you’ve come back to me and all.  It’s a miracle.  What a bizarre life I’ve led!”
Laughing then she said “Bizarre?  Hah!  Did you sleep under a pile of rocks for six years?”
At that they both laughed raucously, as they hugged each other.
***
Stuart and Rebecca were married in her church along with Priscilla and Oliver and the celebration was at Ian and Cosette’s home.  Scarcely two weeks later Laura and Lucas Ross were married at the same church and the celebration was at the Millhouse home.  The two leased James and Melissa’s old place, being as those two moved to Boston to start up the new bank there, taking Charlotte with them.  Ian and Cosette were there with them for a while to secure a new site and see to the start of construction.
The bank in Manhattan was doing well, but dealt only in gold, silver, or British currency, unless real estate and or title to an established business was used to secure a loan.  James had come to the New York City area to help Ian retrieve the startup funds from the area cemeteries.  It was understood that they’d do the same thing in Boston when the bank there was ready to open.
Cosette, Priscilla, and Oliver all worked at the Manhattan bank and eventually Cosette was left in charge of it while Ian traveled to Boston to help James dig up the startup funds buried in area cemeteries there.  After the bank opened, Ian stayed a week longer and then returned to Manhattan to begin the process of hiring.  There were only two tellers in the beginning and business was light but steady as construction in Manhattan began to increase.  As agreed the British would occupy Ft. Detroit until 1798, but they pulled out of New York City in 1783 after accommodating all Tory loyalists who wanted to return to Britain.  Some desirable properties sold for low prices in those days throughout the colonies. 
The northern colonies gained massive amounts of land in the settlement, boundaries being expanded northward and westward to include the St Lawrence River and all of the way to the centers of the five great lakes.  This happened mainly because Benjamin Franklin was intent on having Britain concede all of Canada, which they refused to do.  Due to his insistence, there was no amnesty allowed or recognized for Tory loyalists.  The massive expansion of the northern colonies was the result of Franklin’s shrewd negotiations and resulted in the boundary between Canada and the United States being the center of the Great Lakes and the St. Lawrence river.  Thousands of square miles of new territory to the north and northwest was gained due to Franklin’s stubborn insistence.
Meat, ale, poultry, and produce consumption plummeted for a while with over ten thousand British military personnel gone, but imports and exports began to increase greatly as the fledgling confederation began to thrive.  All of Europe was anxious to sell finished goods to the new Confederation and eager to buy raw materials as well as fish, tobacco and cotton.  Finished goods flooded in and the Port of New York City and other coastal ports began to bank a growing amount of funds from duties collected as consumers began to be able to buy things not previously seen in America.
The office of Sheriff had been formerly appointed by the British High Command since the occupation.  Being as the sheriff was known to be a Tory loyalist, the position was going to be filled by a general election.  Ian bought a controlling interest in the local newspaper, which had really only been a Tory mouthpiece, and had been sold cheaply so that its former Tory owners could return to England.
In two days, the newspaper began to tout the virtues of Inspector Lucas Ross and he began to campaign for the office of Sheriff of New York City.  Being well-liked by his fellow deputies for the most part, he had only to be properly presented to the public, which Oliver began to do as a director of his campaign.
He was elected and at his new salary, he bought the cottage he and Laura were renting, with an adjacent parcel of land of some six acres.  The Millhouses hosted a celebratory dinner for him and Laura after he was elected.  At the dinner Ian presented him with a top-quality twin shoulder holster arrangement with two pocket pistols, each bearing his name and the date of his swearing in ceremony.

Chapter 125
One day Ian and Cosette left the bank and took their carriage to the waterfront area, scouting around for any low-priced Tory owned businesses for sale.  Ian happened to glance out in the harbor, and there riding at anchor was Elsie’s Cloud.
“By Heaven Cosette!  Look yonder in the harbor, over there!”  Following where he pointed, she threw her hands up to her mouth and gasped, saying “I can’t believe it!  Oh this is wonderful, Ian!”
“I wish it was dark so we could just jump in the water and swim out to her!  Let’s get down to the wharf and see if we can find them!”
They ran into Angus and Mark McCarr as they were leaving Customs House.  Ian ran to Angus and the two gave each other mighty bear hugs, each grabbing the other by his shoulders then and grinning at one another while McCarr bowed in courtly fashion and kissed Cosette’s hand.  Then Ian turned to McCarr and each gave the other a mighty bear hug, the result being that McCarr grunted a bit in pain, saying “Ian, you’re still as strong as a horse!”
“Ah Uncle Angus, Mark, the two of ye are a sight for sore eyes.  When did ye get in?” he asked, not realizing that he had lapsed into his old Scottish accent.
“Not two hours ago.”
“Who else came?  Armando?  Gunny?  Stu?  Rob?”
Laughing then, Angus said “Hop in our longboat and come see for yourself, both of you.”  MacCarr said “By Heaven Ian, you’ve not aged one bit!  I swear you look like you are twenty three and Cosette, you look like you are still twenty!”
Laughing her husky laugh, Cosette said “Mark, you should move to New York City and maybe you’ll age as slow as we do.  Some people swear it’s the drinking water hereabouts that causes it.”  MacCarr looked at her in astonishment for a few seconds and then burst out laughing.  Cosette looked privily toward Ian and allowed her eyes to glow for a second as she winked at him.
Ian laughed heartily as he looked at her then, thinking she still takes my breath away!  How blessed am I to have her for my wife!
In short order Angus and Mark knew that Stuart was married and that they were all going to be staying at Ian and Cosette’s new home, as well as quite a bit of both of their adventures since they’d come to America.
Soon they were being hoisted aboard via the cargo booms and nets.  Ian had no sooner gotten Cosette and himself free than he heard a pixie voice shout “Ian!  Ian!  Cosette!”  Turning with disbelief he saw a small figure running toward him, golden colored hair streaming behind her as she threw herself into his arms, smothering his face with kisses.  “Aimee!  Aimee!  Oh my Lord Aimee, is it really you?” he cried in joy as she continued to kiss him non-stop.  
Hearing his name once again he turned just in time to see his mother Elsie and his Aunt Mary coming his way, arms wide, laughing.  Little Aimee reached out to Cosette who took her as she and Cosette began to kiss each other non-stop, weeping and laughing for joy.  They laughingly came together then, with Ian kissing and lifting first his mother and then his aunt off of their feet and whirling them around like they were rag dolls while laughing at the same time.  Cosette was embracing and kissing both of them too as everyone tried to talk at once.
“Oh but this is a bonny fine turn of events, isn’t it Cosette?”
She was still holding Aimee while laughing and crying for joy herself.  “Yes!  Oh yes it’s a bonny fine turn of events!” she said, mocking Ian’s accent as the others laughed heartily.  Little Aimee then reached out so Ian swung her to his shoulders where she put on his hat as others approached, calling his name.
Ian embraced Armando, Rob MacGregor, Rob Woolsey, and old Gunny who was laughing out loud, a rare thing for him.  They toured the ship then, Ian touching various fittings, pausing at the helm as an avalanche of memories crowded into his mind in a non-stop montage.
He noticed every repair made as he walked about her, realizing then how much even the ship herself meant to him, and not only the people aboard her.
A bit later the long boat took them ashore, making two trips to account for luggage.  After Ian had hailed two carriages they all accompanied Ian as he bought food for their pantry as well as fixings for several fancy dinners.  Then the caravan of three carriages had made its way to Ian and Cosette’s home.  The guests were shown their rooms then and soon Cosette, Sophia, Priscilla, Rebecca, Mary, and Elsie were all in the kitchen putting together a sumptuous meal for all, as Ian showed Angus and his former shipmates around the place with Aimee perched atop his shoulders.  When Aimee wasn’t atop Ian’s shoulders, she was riding atop Li’s shoulders.
Later, everyone having seen the house, they all sat down to eat and the seventeen of them fairly filled the dining room.  It was a long and leisurely meal then, with endless questions from both sides, but there were a lot of questions from the visitors concerning the war and Ian’s role in it.  Priscilla and Oliver again noted with some envy and astonishment the varieties of human food the other vampires could consume with no problem.  Upon talking about the event later the two both realized truly the difference in the limitations of their imprinting compared to that of their new friends.
Ian and Cosette each explained their roles in the long war as the others listened raptly to the details and everyone thought it was so exciting that the two of them had been members of the Culpers spy ring.  The most exciting story was the two assassination attempts on George Washington, who by now was a figure known throughout Europe and other parts of the world.  Ian and Cosette omitted the fact that both attempts were made by vampires, being as four of Ian’s former crew members present still didn’t even know that Ian and Cosette as well as four others present were vampires.
Later that night long after the humans were all asleep, Ian and the others sat down in the parlor to visit with Aimee.  Ian said “What Cosette and I want to know is how you were able to keep it a secret that you were coming here, Aimee.  I talked to you, Celine and Celeste every other day during the weeks you were sailing here.”
“We didn’t know for sure if it would work, but they made it happen.”
Looking at Cosette and the other vampires present, Ian said “Every time I think I’m finally getting used to us talking to each other no matter where we are in the world, I learn something else about it.”
Priscilla said “So you were talking with Aimee and the family in Europe all the while she was sailing here to be with us?”
Ian and Cosette nodded, smiling at everyone’s astonishment as Li and Sophia grasped what had been done.  Sophia said “Oh my!  Now that you say it…I never thought of it, but it is true.  Li, Aimee was talking to us also at times.  Don’t you remember?”
“Yes!  Yes!  We had no idea she was on a ship coming here.”
Ian said “This makes me realize just how gifted Celeste and Celine really are and I wonder how great their powers really are.  Who among us expected this turn of events?”
Later after they’d separated, Oliver spoke to Priscilla saying “Thank God that you were in that coven and we met, Prissy..  What a wonderful evening and what a wonderful clan to belong to!  I love you so much.”
Impishly she looked at him, a saucy smile on her face as she said “Then come over here and show me, Ollie.”

Chapter 126
The following day, Ian put Oliver in charge of the bank and sent both him and Priscilla to work while he took the day to show everyone the grounds and later on, the land he’d bought to add to the place.
That afternoon after dinner, he saddled a horse and rode to the Millhouse home to invite Thelma and Merriam to dinner the next day.  Aimee rode behind him and the two talked non-stop all of the way to the Millhouse home.
After introducing Aimee simply as ‘Aimee’, he extended the invitation and urged them to bring both Laura and Lucas.  After accepting the invitation, Thelma knelt and took both of Aimee’s hands.  Looking up at Ian and back into Aimee’s deep blue eyes she said “What a beautiful little angel you are.  Whose child are you, Aimee?”
Smiling sweetly, Aimee curtseyed again perfectly and said “Madame is too kind.  I was an orphan in France until Ian and his family found me and took me in.  By God’s grace, I belong to all of them.”
Thelma smiled then, saying “What poise!  And what a well-turned young lady you are, Aimee.  We’re most pleased to make your acquaintance, aren’t we, Merriam?”  Merriam nodded as she smiled sweetly.
Aimee said “Thank you Mrs. Millhouse.”
Smiling and kneeling down beside Thelma, Merriam said “We do hope you will visit us while you’re here, Aimee.”
Curtseying yet again, Aimee replied with a sweet smile “It would be my pleasure, Mrs. Davis.”
On the ride home, Ian said “That was wonderful.  You’re as sweet and charming as you ever were, Aimee.  Those two women have been very kind to us.  Cosette and Stuart lived there with them nearly the whole time she was here trying to find me.”
“They’re both very sweet.  I can tell already that I’ll like them.  I really like Stuart and Rebecca.  May I stay here and live with you and Cosette?”
“Why yes.  Yes you may.  We’d both love that.  There’s so much to see here in the new world.  Stuart and Rebecca would love to have you help them with their baby too.  I told them how good you are at that.”
“Do they know about me?”
“Not yet, but we’ll tell them when the others have gone.  It is not near as important a secret here as it is in Europe.”
“I’ll help them, and I want to see everything with you and Cosette.”
***
At dinner the next day, Stuart stood and announced that Rebecca was with child, and that they were expecting by early springtime.  The weeks passed all too quickly and it was a time of great joy for all.  But the day finally came when everyone had to say their goodbyes.  Ian and Cosette promised to visit Scotland when they came to Europe, which they’d planned to do in a year or two even before everyone arrived at New York.
Angus had long since unloaded all of his cargo and had sent the ship to Yorktown to buy tobacco and cotton.  Since their return, they were now taking on a large load of iced codfish and when it was loaded it was time to go, being as the frozen fish had a finite lifetime. 
So it was that Ian, Cosette, and Aimee accompanied the others to Elsie’s Cloud on that last day.  They spent part of a morning with all before finally going down the gangplank to the pier and waving goodbye as the ship cast off her mooring lines and was towed out into the harbor by four longboats with oarsmen rhythmically stroking the oars.  After she was maneuvered to where her bow pointed southeast, Angus commanded for the tow ropes to be cast off and for all sails to be dropped, followed by a series of ‘whump’ sounds.  Quickly her sails filled with the light westerly breeze and she gracefully made her way away from the pier, moving out into the busy harbor and turning southeast toward the harbor entrance, at the narrows.  Ian watched as the hands aloft nimbly made their way down to deck, all sails now being deployed.  A part of him envied them as he was taken back to when he was younger and only desired to be on Elsie and out at sea.
That evaporated though as would a faint morning mist in the first breeze of a new day when he turned and saw Cosette and Aimee both smiling at him.  As he escorted them to their carriage he thought how blessed I am as he picked up Aimee and swung her to her usual perch on his shoulders.  She laughed with delight while putting on his tri corner hat.
***
The middle-aged Tory couple sat in the Mercantile Bank of Savannah, both with sour looks on their faces as they signed over their cotton plantation to an agent known only to them as Mr. Arnold Moore.  They were selling their place for one-sixth of what it was worth with a cotton crop in the field and trained slaves for harvesting it.  It was not nearly the largest plantation near Savannah, but it was still one with eight hundred acres of good land and a really fine home of ten rooms with slave quarters out back.  Mr. Moore assured them that the property would be well cared for by the new owner, a widow by the name of Juliet Stearman.  They knew that if they did not sell out, they risked losing the place by fire, being that more than one of their Tory friends had suffered that fate already.  So like many other Tory loyalists the Stillmans were faced with selling low and returning to England and buying where prices were high.
They concluded their business and departed, having already packed their belongings and being prepared to take passage on the next ship bound for London or Liverpool.  That their future in their later years now looked bleak was evident in the defeated way they departed.  Their body language said it all really, and yet they were only two of hundreds who knew that they couldn’t hope to live in America any longer for being known as loyalists.  So they went the way of many others who had dreamt of wealth and comfort in America and now faced an uncertain future back in England.
***
At the former Stillman plantation old Lucretia saw a carriage approaching on the gravel drive between the live oaks.  It came to a stop at the front entrance and she opened the door and came down the steps from the colonnaded porch to stand waiting.  The driver, a muscular looking man with dark hair and dark eyes, with a pale complexion helped a fair-complexioned lady with light brown hair and hazel eyes to climb down.  The man turned to her and said “You must be Lucretia.  I’m Mr. Moore and this is the widow Stearman.”
Nodding with a bright smile Lucretia said “Mawnin, Masta Moore.  Mawnin, Miz Steahman.  Your rooms be ready.”  The woman merely stared at Lucretia, raising her eyebrows a bit saying “Hello, Lucretia.” in a low voice as she seemed to look right through her.
Raising her voice as she turned around Lucretia said “Rufus!  Get your lazy self ovah heah and take these bags upstairs right now.  Hurry now!  These folks got no time fo your shufflin’ along.”
A husky boy of twelve years age separated himself from a gaggle of black children peering around the corner of the porch wide-eyed at the new arrivals.  He ran to the carriage and began to load himself with as many bags as he could carry while Lucretia followed the two newcomers up the brick steps to the porch.  She nimbly stepped ahead of the two and held the door open with a bright smile as the pair seemed to glide through the door, both of them looking around.  Rufus made his way past them, struggling up the stairs with the suitcases and luggage as best he could.
Lucretia noticed how the pair seemed to look right through her and thought how curious their eyes looked.  “Would you like to see your rooms first, Miz Steahman, Masta Moore?”
“Yes.” said the woman in a low voice, so Lucretia moved her considerable bulk up the broad staircase and took the pair to a large bedroom overlooking the porch and driveway.  “This be your room, Miz Steahman.” she said as the woman seemed to glide past her, looking about.  Turning to Moreau Lucretia said “Your room is just across the hall, Masta Moore, right ovah heah.”  She gestured toward the hall and an open door across from the widow’s room.  He passed through the door and looked around at a spacious room overlooking the side yard of the house, looking past a large flowering magnolia tree toward a large well-made barn some two hundred feet distant.
Rufus came huffing and puffing into the room with an armload of bags, putting them alongside the door and turning to go down and get more of them.  Moreau stood looking out the window, saying nothing.  Soon enough all of the luggage had been carried to the two rooms and Lucretia said “I can start suppah any time you likes.”
The woman glided from her room to the hallway saying “That won’t be necessary, Lucretia.  We’ll be downstairs later to see the rest of the place.  Please leave us now.”
“Yes’m.” she said as she backed down the hallway for a bit and headed back down the stairs.
The man walked to the woman and said “Well June.  We’ve done it.  Here we are and not a soul knows who we really are.  Are you pleased?”
Smiling at him, she said “Why yes, Arnold.  This went well and you’ve done as you said you would.”  She thought I’ll let you bed me now; perhaps even tonight.  I know that you want it, and truth to tell, so do I.  It has been far too long for me to be without lovemaking.
Looking at him then she said “When the darkies have gone to sleep, we’ll hunt.  Who knows what we may find out there?”
“Well we know one thing for sure, and that is that Ian McCloud won’t find us here.  But when we’re ready someday, we’ll find him, will we not?”
“We will.  But not before we have enough help to kill him this time.”

Chapter 127
Ian found and bought several businesses, being a brickmaking facility in New Jersey and a lumber mill halfway to Tappan, as well as an import-export house in New York with connections to many suppliers.  All three businesses were humming along at peak capacity as building and trade began in earnest in New York City.  He also bought a glazing plant near Trenton, being as glass was an expensive and highly desirable product, much in demand.  All of the businesses excepting for the lumber mill were formerly Tory-owned and therefore they were priced ridiculously low.  In spite of assurances of the British high command that former Tory’s property rights were to be honored, the smart ones were selling as quickly as they could while they could sell at all.  As things turned out in most cases they were right to be fearful because later, some former Tory holdings were seized by the various states to be sold for defraying wartime expenses, in spite of assurances guaranteed in the Treaty of Paris.
The three of them had traveled to the land of the Seneca.  There Aimee was a sensation, even more so than anywhere else they’d ever taken her before.  There were few in the village, even among the men who didn’t desire to touch her golden hair.  For her part, she was very interested in the ways of the life of the Seneca people and found many playmates among their children.  Her two favorite places were the great waterfalls at the Niagara and the small waterfall where Ian had built a rope swing a few miles from the village.  There she amazed the children of the village with her fearless diving skills, having permission to show off to her heart’s content.  No doubt she was having the time of her life roaming around the frontier with Ian and Cosette.
When they wanted some romantic time by themselves, the two simply slipped away when Aimee was occupied with the children of the village, which was a daily thing being as the Seneca children were seemingly infatuated with her.
She watched the annual Lacrosse match with great interest although it lasted all day long.  Tall Elk’s team won by a score of 3-0 as once again, Ian didn’t allow a single goal.  Once again, Tall Elk’s village won the right to hunt in the shared lands between the villages over the winter.
When it was time to bring Snow Fawn back to New York, Ian used a sling that he’d made just for her.  Snow Fawn was brought to New York City for the summer two years in a row, and Aimee accompanied the two when they went to get her and when they returned her.  She had been given a wardrobe so that she could be anywhere with them, never even being noticed.  Her hair was always in a bun when in public and she’d been given a pair of ivory framed sun glasses on a golden chain just like Cosette’s.  Not having really strong Indian features anyway, she only appeared to be a dark complexioned younger-to-middle aged lady of some foreign extraction the way that Cosette made her up.
She’d learned just enough English to get by and they were careful where they took her so as to never place her in a situation which might be embarrassing to her.  She was happy and curious about so many things, always asking questions and peering about.  The sheer number of people was the thing that amazed her most it seemed.  She’d quickly adapted to living in the big house with the others, realizing that they too were of the same strange race of people as Ian and Cosette.  Cosette instructed her in proper table manners by preparing her meals especially and serving them to her in the kitchen.  Everyone in the place went out of their way to make her feel at home, and Aimee spent a good deal of time with her.  By the time she attended a large sit-down meal with the family or the Millhouses, she was accustomed to using utensils and well versed in the eating habits of well-mannered white people.
They had taken her sailing several times on a small ketch Ian had bought and it had been an astounding experience for her.  The third year she had declined to return with them, being as she had married Gray Fox.  She had been forty four years old at the time and he was only thirty three, having lost his wife in a drowning accident some years earlier.  She had given birth to Moon Owl at only age fifteen, so she was not really an old woman by any means, and had a fine figure, being very fit and trim.  The two had a daughter and a son in successive years and she never again traveled away from her village, although Ian, Cosette, and Aimee would go to visit her every year.
Rebecca gave birth to a son and Stuart had come to work for Ian and Cosette, beginning as a teller and becoming assistant manager in three years.  The two still lived in the tenant house in back of Ian and Cosette’s home which by now was furnished quite nicely.  Rebecca’s father had retired from the British Army being given an honorable discharge and a colonel’s pension.  He lived alone at first in the home where he and Rebecca had lived before, but hostilities due to him being a retired British officer caused him no end of grief.  Ian bought the place from him at the going rate for houses of that size and locale and he was able to move into Ian and Cosette’s tenant’s house with his daughter and Son in Law, Stuart.
Ian asked Priscilla and Oliver if they would like to move into the old Davis place and they accepted, liking the idea of more privacy, even though the two were at Ian and Cosette’s place nearly every evening anyway.  The two of them were deeply in love and were overjoyed at the turn their lives had taken since becoming part of Ian and Cosette’s family.  Both were trusted officers of Milliken Merchants’ Bank, and began to get some training from time to time regarding helping to oversee Ian’s four businesses.
When they’d become well versed enough to run the bank and keep tabs on the businesses, Ian and Cosette bought a merchantman named Fair Wind.  They modified the thing themselves so as to allow them private access to a small herd of goats which would be part of her cargo when she sailed from New York.  After taking on a cargo of salted fish and cotton, their ship sailed to Scotland. They spent two months there and then sailed to Calais and rendezvoused with their vampire family in Paris.  Celine and Xavier were both becoming taller and a bit more gangly and Celine’s prescient powers were still growing as she grew older.  At the end of the two week visit, Cosette and Ian took passage again on their own galleon, the merchantman Fair Wind, bound for New York City with a cargo of French wine and cheeses.  The usual arrangements for a small herd of goats were made before they embarked and they had an uneventful transatlantic voyage home.
The two continued to keep current nearly on a daily basis with the family whether they were in France or in the Swiss Confederation by means of Celeste and Celine.  Celine and Celeste were easily able to communicate with Li and Sophia although those two were increasingly busy with three businesses in Manhattan that they’d bought.  Of course Ian and James had kept up their official correspondence with Robert Milliken and Henri using official channels.  It was agreed to open a third bank in Philadelphia in 1787 so Ian and Cosette made plans to go there.  It would be entirely funded by Henri and Ian though, and not a part of the Milliken partnership.  This would the first bank that Ian had ever put startup funds of his own into.
Deciding to take Aimee, the three of them made ready to travel afoot to Philadelphia, figuring to buy a small wardrobe for themselves after they arrived.  Cosette had a fresh new set of frontier clothing made for the three of them.
Stuart was placed over the operation of the bank and a letter to that effect was written and sent to Robert Milliken in London.  Both Priscilla and Oliver were put in charge of Ian’s and Cosette’s four businesses.
Ian, Aimee, and Cosette slipped away from Manhattan late one night by canoe, departing from their own property on the Hudson River where Ian kept the canoe.  After stashing it behind the carpenter shop in Hoboken where Ian still leased the storage building, they soon were rocketing through New Jersey toward Philadelphia.

Chapter 128
The young man waited nervously on the porch of the grand mansion, located just east of Lacoste, France.  A tall muscular man with strange eyes that seemed to look through him answered.
“I’m here to see the Marquis de Sade.”
“Whom shall I say is calling, sir?”
“Tell him it’s Max.  He knows me.”
He was shown in to the grand foyer, marveling at the richness of it even as he passed through, following the large, muscular butler into the parlor.
The butler said “The Marquis is in his study.  Please wait here monsieur.”  Max nodded and sat down in an elaborately carved wingback chair.
In the study the Marquis was just sealing a document and was thinking here are funds that you’ll need to pursue Ian McCloud.  I hope you’ll have success this time.  For five thousand pounds, you had better do well.
He walked to the parlor then, and as he entered it he said “Hello Max.  Would you like some tea?”
“Why yes, thank you monsieur.”
After the tea was poured and the butler had vanished, the young man made an impassioned plea for support from the Marquis.  “I have word that I may get to sit in on the committee who will decide how the vote is taken by the 3rd estate.  You know my views on that, and I’m desirous of your support, sir.”
The 3rd estate was what the general French public was called, the other two estates of France at that time being the Clergy and the Noble families.
The Marquis studied him over his teacup, thinking King Louis is losing control or else he wouldn’t have called for a meeting of the three estates.  You’re a zealot and one of seemingly high principles, but in your zeal, I see a man who would stop at nothing to achieve his goals.  You’ll do nicely for what we have planned for France and for Europe.
“Max, I’m inclined to write my friends in support of you.  If so, you may be assured that you’ll be heard and supported in this procedure.  However, your loyalty to us must be absolute.  Be assured that dethroning King Louis, abolishing the power of the clergy, and having the vote for the common man are goals of ours too.  If you’ll swear your loyalty to me now, I’ll see to it that you will indeed have a voice that shall be heard not only at the upcoming hearings, but afterward when a more suitable appointment will be made available for you.”
“I do so swear, sir.” 
The Marquis thought Good.  My cohorts and I will use zealots like you to achieve our goal of toppling King Louis and for the holocaust that will follow.
“Very well then.  You’ll go far Max, should you remain loyal.  My friends and I will remove any opposition you should encounter along your way.”
He rose and beckoned for Max to follow and the two entered a well-appointed study where a massive marble topped desk dominated one end of the room.  Sitting down he took parchment and quill and wrote a letter, sealing it with wax and his signet ring.  Looking up, he gave a perfunctory smile, saying “My friends are influential, being the banking cartel of Europe.  They supply the oil needed for the wheels of progress to turn favorably, Max.  This will be sent tomorrow and you’ll soon see that you have powerful backers.”
“Do your friends include the Lafayettes?”
“No.  They support the Crown and the status quo.  My friends are progressives like you and me.  They support the leftist Bourgeoisie and their principles, such as those written in the ‘Rights of Man’ document.”
Max rose then, saying “I’ll show myself out sir.  Thank you.  You won’t regret this.  Good night.” he said as he turned and walked toward the foyer.
The Marquis leaned back, laughing as he thought no I won’t regret it Maxemillien Francoise de Robespierre.  You’ll one day be the spearhead of a reign of terror such as France has never seen.  It will even surpass the horrors of the St. Bartholomew’s day massacre.  You’ll go down in history, Max.

Chapter 129
Pennsylvania, 1787
Ian took the time to take Cosette and Aimee to Valley Forge, Pennsylvania where he had spent several winters with the Continental Army.  There he told them of how often the men would go hungry during the harsh winters, and explained how that in spite of the game he was able to kill for meat, that it meant little to an army that was rarely below eight thousand to nine thousand men.  The two got to appreciate the hardships suffered by the soldiers who had fought under Washington for so many years.
“I can tell you both that I saw men with their feet wrapped in rags marching at night when we took Trenton in ’76.  I can still remember seeing bloody footprints in the snow that night and on other nights here in this place.  I’ve seen men cut up what are left of their boots to boil and eat them.  I suppose that was what motivated me to hunt for them each winter.”
Aimee asked “Did you kill any of the British in the fighting?”
“No, sweetheart.  I was asked to join a marksman’s detachment, but I refused.”
“What is that?”
“Their job was to kill as many British officers as possible during a battle or anywhere else we could find them.  For us, shooting and killing humans is easy, and to me it’s murder.  I just couldn’t do it.”  Laughing then he said “I think some of them figured me to be a Quaker.”
“What is a Quaker?”
“They live around these parts and are opposed to violence of any sort.  The ones I have met are real nice people, really.  Anyway, I never joined the Continental Army, so I could leave whenever I wanted to.  I always waited until springtime to leave so that I could help feed them while I was with them.”
“What did you do in the summertime?”
“I usually went to the land of the Seneca.  I’d been wanted for sedition by the Crown so I never went to New York City except once.  I wore a white wig and looked like a rich Tory.”  He and Aimee laughed at the thought as Cosette said “I knew that was you!  You were reading a newspaper on a park bench at Central Commons one day!”
“Why yes!  Yes I was.  I’d come to see if the climate was right for me to return, and I decided that I’d best stay out of New York.  So you saw me?” he said with surprise.
She came to him and put her arms about his waist, looking up at him she said “It was Celeste, Ian.  She somehow got through to me that I’d just passed you by and when we returned, you were gone.  I was so discouraged that I could have wept.  In fact I forgot that I was in a public place and I literally jumped up onto the backrest of that big bench and looked all about for you.  That is how Priscilla saw me and knew that I was a vampire and began to follow me around.”
Aimee was smiling from ear to ear, saying “Oh my!  Oh my!”  Ian drew Cosette near and kissed her tenderly saying “Something good came out of even something as sad as that was.  From what I’ve learned from Oliver, it was Prissy who helped you to save my life, stopping those vampires when they were ready to chop me to pieces.  I think she held them off until you arrived and then you held them off until Li and the others arrived.  Look at how such a small thing had such a great impact on all of us.”
Tears formed in Cosette’s eyes then as she put her head on Ian’s chest, laughing and crying a bit as it all hit her.  She drew back from him and said “We’re so blessed.”
“Indeed we are.”
Having bought a small wardrobe for the three of them, Ian led Cosette and Aimee through the streets of Philadelphia after they had changed their clothes at the Comfort Rest Inn where they’d taken a room.  Acting as a sort of tour guide, he recounted some of the times he had come there bearing correspondence from George Washington himself.  Even though the seat of the new government had been moved to New York City in 1785, all of the delegates for the Constitutional Convention were assembling and debating the new document in Philadelphia at Independence Hall.
They were in the area of 8th and Market Street where there were seemingly endless shops of all sorts.  Cosette and Aimee were constantly looking at one thing and another.  Ian was enjoying himself too, being as he hadn’t always had leisure time while there during the war.  Of course he was very interested in a series of vacant lots he’d seen a bit closer to Independence Hall as a possible site for their new bank.
He had paused to look at some farming implements, admiring the craftsmanship when he suddenly felt a cold prickling sensation on the back of his neck.  It was not the icy prickling that he would feel if being attacked, the kind that plunged down his spine and into his gut.  But it clearly was not Cosette or Aimee, being cold and impersonal.
He picked up a shovel and appeared to be examining it while trying to determine the location of the vampire was that was watching him.
***
In their cobbler’s shop on Market Street in Philadelphia both Yvonne and Jonathon worked steadily.  She’d been able to buy the place and have money left over.  It had an apartment upstairs which was really quite comfortable with both an exterior entrance in the rear of the building, and an interior entrance from the center of their shop space, over to one side.  There was a shed roof that extended off of the back of the place and whoever lived there could keep two horses comfortably enough, but there wasn’t a lot of room for hay storage.
She and Jonathon had been fortunate to have been able to strike a deal where the seller taught them the leather trade for three months because he didn’t want to return to England until early summertime.  In exchange he got to stay in the apartment until he had departed, even though the name of the place was changed immediately to avoid any anti-Tory sentiments.  The two were quite skilled at leather work of all kinds by now, learning rapidly in typical vampire fashion and actually beginning to build a growing client base.
On this day, Yvonne had been mending a dual harness, made for Draft Horses.  She had idly looked up and had seen a tall dark man with a dark short-cropped beard some two hundred feet distant.  His clothing was typical for the era, being hosiery nearly up to the knees, and black britches with a matching black coat and white shirt, topped off by a black tri-corner hat.  He had walked up to some farm implements and tools and now was looking at them.  Her curiosity was beginning to be aroused and the thought that it might be Ian McCloud had only just begun to move from her subconscious to her conscious mind.
Right then a little girl with hair the color of spun gold dashed up to the man who stooped and picked her up, kissing her and putting her atop his shoulders as she smoothly picked off his hat and slid her own wide-brimmed hat down to hang by a ribbon.  Being as it was a sunny day and the man had no reaction whatsoever to his hat being removed automatically excluded him from being a vampire to her subconscious mind as well as to her reasoning.  The little girl put on the man’s hat and he walked away toward a woman who Yvonne couldn’t see well.
That thought of it possibly being Ian McCloud never quite made it out of her subconscious to her conscious thoughts and she shifted her gaze to a pair of children walking with a large dog.  The place outside of their shop literally teemed with a constant parade of shoppers and was one way that Yvonne relieved herself of the boredom of hers and Jonathon’s new careers.
***
 “Cosette, a vampire is watching me!”
“What!”
“Wait… it’s gone.  I just felt it on my neck.  I knew it wasn’t either of you.  I felt it right back there by those farm tools.  Let’s walk back through that place again and you two help me look.”
They ambled back that way and reaching the place Ian stopped and looked around slowly, feeling nothing.  He noticed that there was a clear path with no merchandise blocking his view looking towards a row of some four shops, being a tailor, a dry goods, a coppersmith, and one called ‘Deville Cobbler and Leather Works’.
“It’s gone.”
“Ian, our kind are bound to come to America.  Look at how many of us are in New York City and Philadelphia’s even bigger.  Come.  I want you to take us to Independence Hall.”
Looking about one last time, Ian said “You’re probably right.  Let’s go there.  They’re debating the new constitution there even now according to the newspapers.  Maybe I’ll see someone there that I know.”  
They turned and walked away even as Yvonne returned to her bench with a freshly cut piece of leather to splice in to the dual harness she was repairing.  She idly looked up and scanned the crowd as she worked, thinking this is as boring as listening to my hair grow.  Life was better for me in New York City when I didn’t have to work.  Things could be worse though.  At least we have a good trade and can get by doing this for a good while.  An opportunity will present itself one day and we’ll be out of the leather business for good.  When we get into a really large house someday, I can build another coven.  I’ll put them all to work so that I can devote my time to finding out where McCloud has gone.  I’ll be seeing you one day, McCloud!

Chapter 130
The three of them saw Independence Hall as they rounded the corner onto Chestnut Street.  As they approached they saw throngs of people outside of the place milling about.  Entering the square, Ian saw a familiar face as they approached a sizable group.
“John Hancock!  By heaven man, it’s good to see you!”
Turning, Hancock grinned and said “Ian McCloud.  I heard you were at Yorktown at the end.”
“I was, and I saw Henry Knox too.  I have someone I want you to meet.  John, this is my wife, Cosette, and this lovely young lady is Aimee.  Ladies, this is John Hancock, a signer of our Declaration of Independence.”
Removing his hat, Hancock took Cosette’s hand and kissed it and then smiling, he took Aimee’s hand and kissed it too.  The two curtseyed in the fashion of the time as Hancock said “I am pleased and honored to meet you both.  Ian, pardon me for asking, but what happened to your wife, Monique?”
“Ah, Paul.  No apologies necessary.  She is dead for some six years now.”
“I see.  I’m so sorry to hear that.  She was a lovely person.”  Looking at Aimee he asked “And who might you be, young lady?”
“Please tell him, Aimee.”
“I am Aimee Mr. Hancock.  I was orphaned in Paris.  It was my great blessing that I was found and adopted by the Laforges.  I’m visiting Ian and Cosette now.”
“My, what poise!  I daresay there are no more eloquent speakers inside that building yonder than you, young lady.”
Aimee curtseyed again, saying “You are too kind sir.”
“I’ve never met a more well-mannered, courteous or intelligent child in all of my days!  My congratulations to the Laforges for doing such a wonderful job with her.”
“Are you a delegate John?”
“No.  I just came to see what I could glean about the debate.
“It’s closed to everyone else then?”
“Yes.  But the delegates will talk out here in the square somewhat.”
Cosette said “You seem to be enjoying this immensely, Mr. Hancock.”
“Oh I enjoy it well enough when they move along, but it is deadly dull if they belabor a point for too long.”
“So what’s your take on it so far?”
“Well, the Virginia Plan is taking over pretty well.  It is federalist of course, as is Washington himself.  James Madison has had a lot of influence but then he’s a federalist too.  It’s not addressing states’ rights well at all right now.  Washington himself had no end of problems getting things done for lack of uniformity, for instance regarding the various state militias and also the endless bickering in Congress when he needed answers fast being commander in chief of the Army.  So his favoring a federalist approach is understandable; yet England is very much federalist and look at their inflexibility toward us as colonies.”
“That’s only too true!”
“Everyone knows that the states will modify the document when it’s adopted and the new government meets.  I hope to see the states’ rights assured by the new congress.  It would be fair to say that the delegation is fleshing out the procedures by which the new federal government will conduct business from day to day and from year to year.  In their defense, the whole world is watching America now and we need to adopt a constitution so as not to appear to our enemies to be floundering over here.”
“Are there any particulars that will set it apart from European constitutions?”
“Uhmmm… yes.  One thing comes to mind.  The Judicial branch of government will be independent of the executive, unlike European courts.”
“That is long overdue.”
“The three branches of government will be separate but equal in power.  Any two of them can neutralize the third if that third branch tries to acquire too much power, so it is a system of checks and balances.”
“Now there is something that is sorely needed, Paul!  Anything else you can think of?”
“Well, yes.  The revenues needed to run the federal government will come entirely from tariffs imposed on all imports.”
“Why that is a marvelous conception!  The middlemen trading with America will finance all of the expenses of our national government?”
“That’s the idea.”  And they’ll pass along that cost to the exporters of the countries who trade with us.”
“So we people will be taxed only by our state and county governments?”
“That’s right, and it should result in a vibrant economy for America.”
“That is exciting news.  You said Washington’s here?”
“Yes.  He’s President of the assembly.  Once again it seems he has the one job that doesn’t allow him to be away.  All of the other delegates can come and go, but not Washington.  I don’t know how they talked him into it, really.  What brings you here?”
“We want to open a new bank here.  We’re up and running in New York and Boston is underway, due to start late this year.  Oh Cosette, before I forget, John here helped me get those letters from Boston to France.  So we all owe him for helping in the effort to get France and Spain into the war on our behalf.”
“Bah!  You owe me nothing.  I’m amazed that an army game hunter could have contacts in those two countries that were that persuasive.”
“Don’t forget that Ian was a banker before taking up hunting game for the army, and he can be persuasive, sir.
“I’m beginning to understand that.” he said while laughing.  “Ian, I have a question that I have been meaning to ask you.  Have you ever heard any more regarding that British payroll ship that was robbed in Boston Harbor in ’76?”
Rolling his eyes skyward Ian answered in his best German accent, saying “Nein, Herr Hancock.”
Hancock threw back his head and laughed uproariously while shaking his head, saying “I’ve had a pet theory about that incident but it seems that will always remain a mystery!”
“Ja wohl” he replied with a dazzling smile as Hancock, Cosette, and Aimee all began to laugh.
Hancock nodded toward Independence Hall and said “Look; there’s Ben Franklin.  He’s a delegate for Pennsylvania.  Come with me; please.  I want for you two to meet him.”
As they approached they could hear people asking him questions about the proceedings.  Franklin himself saw Hancock approaching and excused himself from the group of citizens as they drew near.
“Dr. Franklin, may I introduce a friend of mine and his family?  This is Ian McCloud, his wife Cosette, and their daughter Aimee.  Everybody, this is Benjamin Franklin.  He was our ambassador to France during the war before becoming a delegate here.”
Franklin inclined his head a bit, shaking Ian’s hand while taking his measure with shrewd eyes, nodding while saying “Pleased sir.”  He then removed his hat and bowed, kissing the back of Cosette’s hand and Aimee’s hand saying “Likewise ladies.”
“Ben, Ian here wrote the letters contacting those bankers in France who were helping you.  He also wrote to the king of Spain in our behalf.”  
“Indeed!  I am impressed, sir.”
“Will you all please excuse me?  Ian, it was nice seeing you again.  Mrs. McCloud, Aimee, it was nice meeting you.  I see someone I need to talk with.”  Hancock said with a smile as he walked away toward a group of citizens.
“The lady who met Mr. Hancock’s man in France and carried the letters to my friends in Spain now lives with us in New York City.”
“A lady you say?  Extraordinary!  She carried the letters to King Charles?”
“Yes sir, and to a banker friend of mine over there and a government minister or two.”
“Outstanding!  Had you met King Charles?”
“Yes.  I met him in the course of some banking business I conducted in Madrid for the Lafayettes.”
“You’re quite young to know such people, Ian.”
“Well, I am thirty five, sir.”  I’m forty three, but I can’t get away with saying that! he thought.
“My word!  You don’t look that old as all.  You know Henri Laforge and Henri Lafayette?”
Ian spoke then “Yes sir.  I wrote to them separately regarding helping you.”
“Well Mr. Laforge certainly helped me!  What do you do exactly, Ian?”
Ian thought you mean besides kill rogue vampires? as he said  “They employ me regarding the banks we started here and in fact I’m here to start one in Philadelphia.”
“Laforge said something about that now that you mention it.  I’ll be sure to mention your name to our other delegates.  Laforge and Lafayette have the exact same eyes.  They look as if they could be relatives.  I don’t suppose you know if they are.” he said as he looked narrowly at Ian.
“They never said so, sir.”
“Even you know them, Aimee?” he said when he saw her smiling and nodding agreement.  “Surely at your young age, you’ve not had a lot of time to get to know those two.”
Smiling sweetly Aimee said “Au contraire’ Dr. Franklin.”
Raising his eyebrows in surprise he laughed delightedly, saying “You are a wonder, Aimee.  Do you speak much French?”
“Oui Monsieur; und Deutsch, Española and English too.  Marie Lafayette taught me, and so did Marielle Laforge.”
“Remarkable!  And you spent time with their husbands too?”
“Yes.  Their husbands spoke mainly concerning banking, financing, and private trusts.  After all, ‘a penny saved is a penny earned’.”
Laughing harder he said “I’m undone and quoted too!  Good heavens; and by a five-year old at that!  Mr. Laforge was the last person to do that to me!  We might well be able to use you inside that building yonder, Aimee.  I shall propose an amendment today that we allow six-year olds to be secretary of the treasury in the President’s cabinet, if you’ll promise to make yourself available for the job immediately!” he said, still laughing and shaking his head as Aimee laughed delightedly.  Looking pointedly at Ian he said “Seriously though, I played chess with both of them and couldn’t hope to win.”
“I’ve never beaten either of them sir.” said Ian with a smile, shaking his head.
“Nor have I.” said Cosette while smiling sweetly, and also shaking her head.
Looking at Aimee then Franklin said “Oh no!  Don’t tell me that you’ve beaten either of those two at chess, Aimee!  Say it isn’t so!  Do you play chess?”
Laughing delightedly Aimee said “Yes sir.  I’ve never beaten either one even once.  They both think too far ahead.”
“Indeed they do.  Who don’t those two know in France?  Oh look!  Washington’s coming out.  Allow me to introduce you three to him.” he said as he turned and raised his arm, beckoning for the tall Virginian.  “And Ian, I won’t forget to be talking to some people in that building about your bank here, what is it called?”
“This one will be called ‘Laforge & McCloud Merchants’ Bank’ sir.  The ones in New York and Boston are ‘Milliken Merchants’ Bank’.”
“I shall remember that, Ian.  General Washington, I have some people here that you must meet.  This is Ian McCloud, his wife Cosette, and their daughter Aimee.  Everyone, this is General George Washington.”
Giving a rare smile Washington nodded at all three, including Aimee, saying “I’ve already met these fine people Ben, excepting for Aimee here.  I’m pleased to meet you, Aimee.”
Curtseying correctly, Aimee said “An honor, sir.”
“So you’ve met the McClouds then?”
“Yes.  Had I not, I’d have died during the war, I assure you.”
Looking at them as if he was seeing them for the first time, Franklin’s eyes narrowed as he said “It seems that everyone associated with my two banker friends in France is multifaceted.”
“I didn’t know of your banking contacts, Ian.”  Lowering his voice somewhat he continued “Ben, you remember what I told you after the war was over concerning our spy ring, the Culpers?”
“Yes; a fine idea, and you said it worked well.”
“Ian and Cosette were both employed by the Culpers carrying intelligence reports.  Ian here stopped a pair of assassins at Valley Forge in ‘80 and the two of them stopped a team of five near Tappan, in New York back in ‘81.”
About then a group approached and asked Franklin to join them.  “Ian, promise me that you won’t leave Philadelphia until we can talk again; all of you.”
“We promise, sir.”  He smiled and took his leave then, walking away with the group who began to ply him with questions.
Washington regarded the three with his particularly direct stare as he said “Ben has paid a high price for his participation in our cause.”
“How is that sir?”
“He is estranged from his eldest son, a Tory.  In fact he has gone to Britain to live.”  Looking at Aimee then, he again gave a slight smile saying “I never knew that the two of you had a child.”
“Sir; we can’t have children.  Aimee was an orphan who we adopted in Paris.  She was staying with the Lafayettes and is now with us.”
“So she is… one of you then?  One of your… kind?” he said, pointedly with his eyebrows raised.
“Yes sir.”
“I see; are there others… like her I mean?”
“She’s the only one we know of.”
Looking down at her he said “How old are you now, Aimee?”
“I am truly twenty one years old sir.”
“How extraordinary!  You are all frozen in time, so to speak; forever young, as it were.”  He looked back up at Ian and Cosette, saying “Our young nation bears a debt of gratitude toward you both, and your friends in France and Spain as well.”
“No thanks are necessary sir.  We both got to be a part of the birth of a nation.  How often can anyone say they’ve done that?  We feel privileged to have been a small part of it.”
Aimee stepped forward and raised both of her arms, so Washington bent and picked her up.  She smiled sweetly and kissed him on his cheek.  As he put her down then he said “Thank you, Aimee.  What was that for?”
“These two say that you’re the greatest living American and that they’re proud to have served under you, sir.”

Chapter 131
Yvonne got out of the carriage in front of Grover’s Merchants’ Bank of New York, still wondering how her account had been transferred there.  In fact it had been because the new government of the Confederation had ordered the Wellington Bank of Commerce to transfer all accounts to either Milliken Merchants’ or to Grover Merchants’ banks due to Wellington being viewed as a Tory owned entity that was an enemy of the American people and of their government.  They were allowed to keep all of their assets, minus accounts of depositors, but ordered to leave the United States.  The depositors were equally divided according to accounts in terms of current balances in British Pounds Sterling and transferred to the two remaining banks in New York City.  Purely by chance Yvonne had ended up with her account at Grover’s instead of Milliken, much to her relief.
So it was that Yvonne arrived at Grover’s bank, disguised wearing a finely made black wig.  She had made the trip solely to see if perhaps Miles Edwards had been willing to send her more money, which was why she’d left a small amount of money in her account in New York City over four years ago.
After presenting her true documentation and her bank book, she waited, looking about the place in idle curiosity.  She thought of dropping in on June Stedman and then in thinking about that, she realized that if June hadn’t been deported, she’d long since left New York City and started over again under an assumed name.
The middle-aged teller finally returned, following a bank officer who politely asked Yvonne to come to his office.  Once inside, the officer closed the door and went around to his side of the large ornate desk and sat down smiling broadly at Yvonne.  “Mrs. Devrie, we are glad that you have come back.  If you don’t mind me asking, where have you been?”
“Why I’ve been abroad, sir, and also in some other parts of this country.  Why do you ask?” she said, somewhat worried that somehow the Lafayettes might be looking for her.
“Oh no reason in particular.  There has been one large draft deposited in your account during your absence.  It was accompanied by a sealed letter for your eyes only.”
Shocked but elated, Yvonne nonetheless acted calm as if she had expected nothing less, saying “Very good, sir.” as she looked at him expectantly.
Seeing that he’d get no further explanation the officer handed her the bankbook corrected to a new sum totaling over five thousand pounds.  Yvonne opened it, only stifling her surprise and delight with a concerted effort.  She looked up then, closing the book and raising her eyebrows as the officer handed her a letter in an envelope sealed with wax which bore a distinct symbol that Yvonne had seen somewhere before.  She broke the seal and opened it to find a letter also sealed with the same wax seal and symbol.  Breaking that, she opened it to find that unlike the envelope, the letter was written in the French language.
Dear Monsieur and Madame Devrie,
It is with pleasure that I write you to assure you of my continued support of our mutual cause in America.  I have taken the liberty of depositing the sum of five thousand pounds in your account at your bank in New York City.  Please use this to further our mutual goals as laid out when the two of you last visited me in Paris in 1775.  Do not hesitate to inform me if more help is needed.
If you should happen to see our mutual friend Arnaud Moreau, please tell him that I am anxious to hear from him as well.  I’ve never satisfactorily resolved the facts surrounding the death of my brother as you well know.
My servant, Jacques St. Laurent now lives in New York City.  He has leased the house you formerly leased on Long Island.  Please do see him at your earliest convenience.  He’s been instructed to assist you in all of our mutual endeavors regarding a certain American banker.  Being one of your particular persuasion, he’ll be anxious to meet with you.
With Kindest regards
Donatien Alphonse Francoise Marquis de Sade
***
The leased carriage pulled up to the weed-choked driveway on Queen’s Highway on Long Island.  Instructing the driver to wait, Yvonne walked hurriedly to the farm house several hundred feet away from the road.  She noted with some interest that the broken windows had been replaced and the grounds about the house itself were well kept now, although the approach to it still looked abysmal.
At the door she didn’t even get to knock as it began to open at her approach.  A tall handsome dark-haired man with dark brooding eyes stood impassively watching as she approached the porch.
“Monsieur St. Laurent?”
“I’m he.  Who might you be, Mademoiselle?”
Smiling brilliantly Yvonne said “I’m Yvonne Devrie.” as she removed her broad-brimmed hat and her black wig, shaking out her lustrous red hair with a seductive smile.
St. Laurent’s demeanor changed immediately, his eyes glowed a deep topaz color as he bowed, kissing her extended hand.  He smiled brilliantly then, saying “The description of your beauty was not exaggerated, Madame Devrie.  As you undoubtedly know, I’m your obedient servant regarding all matters pertaining to one Ian McCloud.”
“How delightful, Monsieur” she said as she gave a dazzling smile while making her distinct eyes to glow like two emeralds.  “Might we sit and discuss that in depth now?”
“It would be my delight, Madame.  Please do come in.”
As she entered the place, Yvonne thought we’re definitely getting out of the cobbler business it seems.  Now how do I balance my sexual indiscretions with this man and keep Johnny satisfied?  What a delicious dilemma to occupy me while I plot the death of Ian McCloud!
I’m back in the game, McCloud!
The End
Thank you for reading ‘Forever Young Birth Of A Nation’.  I hope that you enjoyed reading it as much as I did writing it.  I am in need of more reviews from my readers.  Please take the time to write one or two for me if you enjoyed my novel.  If so, please do take time to use the links below to write a short review sharing what you liked about it.
http://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/forever-young-birth-of-a-nation-gerald-simpkins/1114302436?ean=2940044230521

https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/19176668-forever-young-birth-of-a-nation

https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/268668

The next book in this series will be ‘Forever Young Reign of Terror’.  For a sneak peek at some of this vampire clan’s doings in the modern era read already-published Forever Young Irina, set in Seattle in the year 2000.  All of the Forever Young series are available in both print and ebook editions at all retailers.
If I could have made your reading experience more enjoyable in some way, please do write me.  I am a work in progress.
Gerald Simpkins
gsim@tds.net

Glossary of Characters
Abraham Woodhull:  Part of Culpers spy ring.
Adam Macrae:  Alias used by Ian McCloud.
Aimee:  Child vampire.
Alexander Dubois:  Vampire taken in by Lafayette vampire family.
Andre Amsler:  Vampire in Lafayette vampire family, husband to Celeste.
Andrew Norris:  Captain of merchantman New Hope.
Angus McCloud:  Ian’s uncle and captain of Elsie’s Cloud.
Anna Strong:  Part of Culpers spy ring.
Arnaud Moreau:  French Vampire seeking revenge from Ian McCloud.
Arnold Moore:  Alias used by the vampire Arnaud Moreau.
Bartholomew:  Vampire in Yvonne’s American coven.
Benjamin Franklin:  Founding Father, ambassador to France, etc.
Benjamin Tallmadge:  Spymaster directing activities of Culpers spy ring.
Bess McKinley:  Owner of Bessie’s Boarding House in NYC.
Caleb Brewster:  Part of Culpers spy ring.
Captain Mcwhertor:  Merchant captain who carried message for Ian.
Celeste Bouchard:  Vampire in Lafayette family, prescient and telepath.
Celine Bouchard:  Celeste’s and Louis’ daughter, prescient and telepath.
Charlotte Miller:  Tavern Wench at Green Dragon Tavern in NYC.
Col. Harold Grundy:  British Army Colonel, enemy of Ian McCloud.
Cosette McCloud:  Vampire wife of Ian McCloud.
Culpers:  Name given to a patriot spy ring in New York City during Revolutionary War.
Cynthia Robbins:  Artist and Adept vampire who lives in London.
Darren Roberts:  Scout and hunter for G. Washington’s Army.
Deiter:  Austrian Adept vampire.
Donatien Alphonse Francoise Marquis de Sade:  
Esther Gage:  Wife of British General Gage.
Elsie McCloud:  Ian’s mother.
Eunice Morehouse:  Mother of man found murdered by vampire.
Lt. Clay Walker:  British Army officer in NYC.
Franklin:  Vampire in Yvonne’s coven.
Frederick Connors:  London Constable.
Freiderich:  Vampire from Austria.
Gen. Cornwallis:  British general.
General Henry Clinton:  British general.
General Thomas Gage:  British general.
General William Howe:  British general.
George Washington:  Founding Father, commander of American Army.
Gray Fox:  Seneca brave.
Gray Wolf:  Seneca chief.
Hans:  Prussian Vampire.
Henry Knox:  Colonel and later general in G Washington’s army, an artillery officer.
Henri Lafayette:  French vampire, Ian’s mentor, banker, financier.
Henri Laforge:  Alias used by Henri Lafayette.
Heinrich Von Steuben:  Prussian vampire, chief judge Supreme Council.
Ian McCloud:  Vampire from Scotland and France.
Jacques St. Laurent:  Vampire from France employed by Marquis de Sade.
James Barrows:  Vampire from England.  Ian’s companion.
Janine Anjolie:  Alias used by Jennifer Amsler.
Jean Claude Larue:  Smuggler known by John Hancock.
Jennifer Amsler:  French vampire, part of Lafayette vampire family.
John Hancock:  Signer Declaration of Independence, Gov. of Mass.
Johnny Slyman:  Alias used by Jonathon Siebert.
Jonathan Siebert:  Captain in British Army, NYC.
Josef:  Prussian vampire.
Juliet Stearman:  Alias used by June Stedman.
June Stedman:  Tory, vampire, part of Yvonne’s coven.
King Charles III:  King of Spain during American Revolutionary War.
Laura Millhouse:  Niece of Thelma, daughter of Merriam in NYC.
Lawrence:  Vampire in Yvonne’s coven.
Leo or Leopold:  Alias used by Li.
Lester Stedman:  Tory, vampire in Yvonne’s coven.
Li:  French vampire in Lafayette vampire family, close friend of Ian.
Liri Garnier:  French vampire in Lafayette vampire family, wife of Mustafa.
Louis Bouchard:  French vampire in Lafayette family, brother of Cosette.
Margaret Milliken:  English vampire, wife of Robt. Milliken.
Marie Lafayette:  French vampire, wife of Henri, mentor of Ian and Cosette.
Marielle Laforge:  Alias used by Marie.
Marquis de Sade:  Historically documented pervert and sadist who lived in France in latter half of 18th century.  Was an agent provocateur in the French Revolution and Reign of Terror. 
Mary McCloud:  Ian’s aunt and wife of Angus.
Matthew Davis:  Colonel in British Army, father of Rebecca.
Maurice Garnier:  Alias used by Mustafa.
Maxemillien Francoise de Robespierre:  Radical French leftist lawyer/revolutionary.
Melissa Willocks:  Tavern wench in Boston.
Merriam Millhouse:  Sister of Thelma, mother of Rebecca.
Moon Owl:  French and Indian woman.
Monique Orleans:  Alias used by Moon Owl when mixing in white society.
Mustafa (Maurice):  French vampire, member of Lafayette vampire family.
Night Stalker:  Name given by Seneca Indians to Ian and James.
Oliver Tarrant:  Vampire in Yvonne’s coven.
Paul Revere:  Patriot, silversmith in Boston.
Priscilla Weeks:  Vampire in Yvonne’s coven.
Rebecca Davis:  Daughter of Col Matthew Davis.
Richard Townsend:  Spy in Culpers spy ring, owner of Green Dragon Tavern.
Roland:  Vampire in Yvonne’s coven.
Robert Milliken:  English vampire, banker, judge Supreme Council.
Samuel Adams:  Founding Father, patriot.
Samuel Culper Jr.:  Alias used by Thomas Woodhull, a spy in the Culper spy ring.
Samuel Culper Sr.:  Alias used by Richard Townsend, a spy in the Culper spy ring.
Saffron’ Lemont:  Alias used by Sophia for espionage.
Simone Dubois:  French vampire Lafayette family, wife of Alexander.
Snow Fawn:  Mother of Moon Owl.
Sophia:  French Vampire, wife of Li, member of Lafayette vampire family.
Stefan Devrie:  French vampire seeking revenge against Ian for loss of hand.
Steven:  English vampire works for Robert Milliken.
Stuart McCloud:  Ian’s younger brother.
Tall Elk:  Seneca Indian chief.
Terrence Dalton:  English private investigator.
Thelma Millhouse:  Widow of August Millhouse, Laura’s aunt.
Wilhelm Hoffmeister:  Austrian vampire, judge on Supreme Council.
Xavier:  Son of Mustafa and Liri in Lafayette vampire family.
Yvonne Devrie:  Red-headed vampire who was burnt badly at Francoise mansion.

Glossary of Terminology
Adept:  A vampire so trained and imprinted as to be able to tolerate indirect sunlight, human food, lack of blood for short periods, and mastering human mannerisms in such a way as to be able to blend with human society and not be detected.
Adjust hearing:  The ability for a properly mentored vampire to adjust the acuity of their hearing so as to hear extremely well in near silent conditions, and also to reduce hearing sensitivity in noisy conditions.  This is necessary for any successful Adept vampire who desires to mix in human company in cities.
Banque de Lafayette:  Bank owned by vampire Henri Lafayette of France who is also a judge on Supreme Council.
Blood Fast:  The length of time a candidate can do without blood.  This is best achieved by denying blood during the imprinting process.  It forever makes the candidate less dependent on blood and more able to tolerate being without it and able to not lose control when smelling it.  The associated pain when denying one’s self blood during imprinting also enhances the candidate’s ability to tolerate pain.  Only well-imprinted Adepts do a blood fast when imprinting.  Many do not even know to imprint that characteristic.
Brought over:  To become a vampire.
Crossing over:  To become a vampire.
Edwards and Milliken Bank:  Bank in London owned in part by Robert Milliken, vampire and judge on Supreme Council.
Eye lights:  A term used to instruct candidates who are being brought over to become vampires regarding the control of the tendencies of vampire eyes to glow when emotions are stirred, whether passion or anger.  A candidate is properly mentored when he or she is taught to ‘control their eye lights’.
Generational Move:  The period where a successful Adept vampire changes his identity and home.  This can involve wearing a wig in public if staying in the same country when in cities they might have lived in before the name change.  This is done to prevent recognition by a human who might have known them before they changed their name, and to prevent humans from realizing that they have not aged. 
Grover Merchants’ Bank:  Bank in New York City.
Imprint:  The act of imprinting, or the sum of the characteristics achieved due to imprinting.
Imprinting:  The three week long process of body and physiology and mental changes that a vampire undergoes after being brought over.  During this period, permanent characteristics are forever imprinted on the candidate.  Physical characteristics such as length of hair and nails are permanently established.  Ambidexterity can be easily accomplished during this period, as well as a tendency to excel at various things whether linguistics, music, hand to hand combat, weapons mastery, etc.  Also a refinement of touch is far easier to learn at this time, such as how to handle delicate things without causing damage in spite of having far greater strength.  Even such minor things as how one’s breath will smell, the length of their hair, how to control the acuity of their hearing, and control of their tendency for their eyes to glow are mastered during this three weeks if the candidate is properly mentored.  Vital characteristics such as how long one can be without blood will be set during this period as well as how much daylight they can tolerate.  This in turn helps the candidate to be far better able to endure pain of all kinds.
Laforge & McCloud Merchants’ Bank:  Bank that Ian and Henri start in Philadelphia.
Liechtenstein Trade Guild:  The building in Liechtenstein where the Supreme Council meets, disguised as a trade guild to deceive humans.
Man of war:  A ship built by a nation for conducting warfare on the seas.
Merchantman:  A ship used by traders and merchants for transporting goods.
Milliken Merchants’ Bank:  Bank that Ian was sent to start up in New York City and Boston
Rogues:  Vampires that may or may not be Adepts, but who do feed on humans.
Sensitivity and touch control:  This training is necessary for well mentored Adept vampires to mix well in human company.  It teaches the vampire to have a delicate touch and to be able to control their great strength at all times.  One common method of teaching this is to toss eggs back and forth rapidly without breaking them.  This is another vital trait for vampires who would successfully mix with humans in human society.
Supreme Council (or ‘Council’):  The nine Adept vampire judges who hand down life or death decisions regarding vampires who have done things causing humans to become knowledgeable regarding vampires and their existence.  This can include death warrants being issued for humans who will try to make known the existence of vampires.
Wellington Bank of Commerce:  Bank in New York City.
Wig Generation:  The twenty years following a generational move where a wig needs to be worn in public to avoid humans recognizing the successful vampire from a time when they had another name and did not wear a wig.  Generally speaking a wig generation occurs when the previous twenty years involved no wig or disguise, and begins when the vampire begins a new twenty year residence somewhere unless it is in another part of the world far from where they were living.
