


Forever
Mine
(Fighter Club 2)

Marie Dominique













Forever Mine (Fighter Club 2)

Marie Dominique

Copyright 2014 by Marie Dominique


DEDICATION


To my husband and our two beautiful children.

To my husband, children and the rest of my family for their support. 

To my mum Pauline for proof-reading.

To my friend Clare for proof-reading and editing the book for me.  
When I was writing Sarah’s personality I knew there was only one person who inspired me and that was the late Jade Goody, I loved Jade and some of the her quotes made me cry laughing.
So Thank you Jade, you truly were an inspiration in many ways, RIP “My lovely lady” (as Sam would say.)

Thank you for buying my book, I hope you really enjoy it :-)

Please follow my page; https://www.facebook.com/authormariedominique






1 


Sarah walked into her daughter Ellie's bedroom, she sat sit on her bed and watched her for a few minutes before waking her.
 "Ellie Belly time to get up, we are going to see Alexia, Ben and Amber."
Ellie stirred. "No, London!" She muttered as she pulled the cover over her head.
Sarah giggled at her. "We're not off to London you numpty, they've moved in just down the road remember."
Ellie sat straight up and looked in Sarah's direction, blinking her eyes to try to get them to focus. "Ben road down lives?" Ellie blinked at Sarah a few more times and then she looked confused. "Wait! No! That came out wrong didn't it? I meant to say Ben lives down the road now?”
Sarah burst out laughing at her, "Oh Ellie, take a few minutes to wake up and yes your boyfriend lives down the road now. Don't forget about his twin sister too."
"MUM!!! He's not my boyfriend! And I haven't forgotten Amber." Ellie shouted in her stroppy voice.
"Ok, my darling beautiful daughter, whatever you say. Now get up we are meeting Tracy there." Sarah said as she walked out of the room to go downstairs.
Half an hour later, Sarah was sat looking on Face book drinking her cup of tea when Ellie walked in. "Whatcha looking at Mum?"
"Nothing, just having a nose at what everyone is doing, some of the girls from work went out to a club that has been taken over by new management and they have put some photos on here. Are you all ready now?" Sarah asked Ellie who just nodded her response at her. "Ok then, let's go see your boyfriend." 
"MUM!! STOP IT!" Ellie shouted, trying to sound stroppy and not laugh as she walked out to the car.
Sarah got in and checked her bag to make sure she’s got everything and goes to start the car but she can’t find the keys.
“Ellie what did I do with the keys?” Sarah said looking around the car.
Ellie looked up from searching through the CD’s. “I don’t know, I don’t remember you bringing them out.” Ellie replied as she went back to what she was doing.
Sarah sat and thought for a moment. “OH! I left them on the table,” she gasped. “Which means I didn’t lock the door,” she said whilst pulling a funny ‘Duh’ face at Ellie and making her laugh, she got out the car and ran back inside to get the keys.
A few minutes later she came running out and Ellie looked up to make sure she locked the door, when she noticed something in her hand 
“What else did you forget mum?”
“My purse,” Sarah laughed. “That would have been embarrassing when I went to pay for the food and your school uniform,” she giggled. “Right now we are ready”
As Sarah started driving Ellie put on some music and they sang at the top of their voices not caring who saw. When they arrived at Alexia’s Ellie ran in to find Ben and Amber whilst Sarah was talking to Alexia and Tracy.
“Hi Ben,” said Ellie as she walked into the front room.
“Hi Ellie,” he said as he stood up from looking at the computer and gave her a hug as they always did. Alexia and Sarah thought it was so cute.
“Ben and Ellie sitting in a tree K.I.S.S.I.N.G.....” Amber sang.
“Oh shut up Amber,” Ben said and carried on looking at the computer and Ellie giggled.
“Hi Amber,” Ellie said.
“Hi, where’s your mum?”
“In the kitchen with yours and Tracy,” Ellie replied.
Just then Sarah walked in with Tracy and Alexia following her. “Ellie, us three are going shopping but Tony said you can go there with Ben and Amber if you want to?”
Tracy noticed Ben look at Ellie and slightly nod at her, Ellie looked at him out the corner of her eye before saying yes to Sarah. Tracy couldn’t help stop herself from teasing them.
“I saw that you two, that little look between you, it’s so cute. You two are gonna end up marrying each other and being best friends. It’s a shame you’re only nine we could have sent you out on a date.” She giggled causing Amber to start again.
“Right then go get ready you guys and then we will go.” Alexia said.
****
After a fab day shopping the girl’s decided to go out that night and have some fun as Tony, Alexia’s dad, had kindly offered to let the kids stay over. They would be there to collect the kids first thing as Tony had to go to work. 
 The next morning they headed over to Tony’s. Sarah was a little sensitive to say the least. She dragged herself from the car and when she was half way up the path she heard Alexia scream. Sarah ran into the house and ran towards the front room and saw what Alexia was screaming at Tony lay on the floor, beaten up.
“Oh god Ellie!!!!” She thought as she ran upstairs like her arse was on fire and practically kicked the door down to get to her but when she saw her safe and asleep in bed she took a few minutes to catch her breath and calm herself down.
She walked over to the bed and sat down and looked at her daughter, her mind was playing the ‘what if’s’ with her. Ellie was a saving grace for Sarah, without her Sarah wouldn’t be where she is today. She couldn’t imagine what she would have done if Ellie had been hurt or worse….. “No! Stop!….she’s fine, stop with the what if’s!” She shouted to herself in her mind.
Sarah had gone though a very rough patch just after she and her ex-boyfriend Sam had broken up as they ended up going to different collages, so when she had Ellie it saved her life as she had something so important that needed all her attention.






2
The last several weeks have been a whirlwind, with Alexia’s dad in hospital, them getting the dance studio, setting it up and doing shows. There diary was getting really busy. Tonight the girls were performing at the local fight club so whilst the kids were at school they decided to go and have a look round and set up what they could. As they were looking at the ring to see what would be the best way to work things Sarah heard someone come up behind her and then a mans voice on her neck.
“Well hello ladies, long time no see.” Sarah turned round in time to see Alexia squeal in excitement and she threw her arms around one man and then the other. Tracy and Sarah stood and looked at each other and then back to the men, both suddenly realising who they were, standing shocked and unable take their eyes off them.
Sarah then looked up as she noticed Sam walking toward her. Her heart was beating a thousand beats per minute. ‘Oh shit....god damn’ she thought to herself. 
“Sarah Woods,” Sam said as though he couldn’t quite believe it was her…“Hey stranger, how’s everything going?” He asked as he took in her five foot five, blond hair, brown eyes and her body that had curves in the right places.
“Yeah, fine thanks Sam Knight,” she giggled. “How are you? You're really looking good.” She said, eyeing him up and down. He still had short blond hair which had a messy style on top, he was a lot broader than Matt and his fitted t-shirt defying every muscle in his arms, chest and abs, under her breath she whispered, “really good.” 
He pretended not to hear her and just smiled at her but she knew he heard by the look on his face ‘Oh shit, he heard me!’ she thought.
Sam continued to look her in the eyes. “I’m fine thanks and you're looking great too.” He then surprised her by giving her a hug but Sarah couldn’t help but wrap her arms around him and melted into him ‘Oh god, it’s so good to feel these arms again, I don’t want to let him go, please never let me go again’ she thought to herself and then realised that he was holding her just as tight. As they pulled away from each other they both knew there was something still there and they had both felt it.
Sarah quickly looked at Alexia and knew she’d watched the exchange between them and could tell she was making a mental note to grill her later about it. She looked back at Sam who was looking in his wallet then pulled out a card. He put it in her hand and lent forward to whisper in her ear. 
“Here’s my number, text me when you get home and I’ll call you.” He kissed her cheek and turned to walk off with Matt.
“I will, depending on what time we get home, if not it will be the morning.” She said trying to sound casual. He smiled and nodded at her the turned.
“Ok,” he said as was starting to walk away, leaving Sarah stood feeling like a giggly mess.
All three of them stood there and looked at each other when Alexia finally broke the silence. “Right first thing tomorrow, my house, coffee, cake and a chat about the sexual tension oozing off you two with your men...no arguing!” She said.
********
Sam and Sarah had been together the same time as Alexia & James and Tracy & Matt. They had a really loving relationship and had a very strong connection together so when Sarah got in to university here in Manchester and Sam got into university in Newcastle it was hard to think they could only see each other around studies and jobs. Their University breaks differed as well so they came to a very much unwanted choice of ending their relationship. They had agreed to finish their studies and meet up after and see if they could pick up where they left off. They did however make the most of being together whilst they could. Sam’s parents were very pleased when they separated as they thought Sarah was a constant distraction to Sam and his education.
  ************
Sarah was in the ring doing the performance with Tracy and Alexia having a great time. Ben, Amber and Ellie were going to sing and dance to Disney’s A Star is born. They got them sorted and got out of the ring to stand at the front with the crowd to watch them but as they did Tracy looked up and saw James, Matt and Sam watching with a murderous and shocked look on their face. Tracy elbowed Sarah.
“The guys have noticed the kids and the looks of them they're not happy.”
“Oh shit!” Sarah said turning round and making eye contact with Sam before quickly looking away. “Ellie is not Sam’s though.”
“Are you ever going to tell us who her father is?”
“Maybe, one day I will tell you, but only when the time is right.” Sarah smiled at her.
“Well I hate to break it to you but I think by the way Sam is looking at Ellie, he’s thinking she is his. So you might end up explaining a lot sooner than you’d like.”
“Oh, great! That’s all I need.” Sarah sighed.
***
Sam stood there looking out at the ring to watch the performance from the girls, his heart pounding at the sight of Sarah. When they had finished he clapped and cheered then turned to walk off when he heard the music start again. He turned round and what he saw nearly made him fall over. There stood right in front of him were three children and not just any children, two of them were in no doubt Alexia and James’s as it was like looking at them when they were kids. Then there was the other child.., well there was no doubt she belonged to Sarah and as she looked about the same age as the other two he automatically assumed she was his.
All of a sudden he heard Matt shout, “What the fuck? Alexia and Sarah have children?!” 
Sam never heard the rest of the conversation as at that point her saw Tracy had noticed them. She elbowed Sarah and said something to her causing to turn round to look. As soon as she met his eyes he saw guilt in her eyes as she quickly looked away.
The next thing he knew James had stormed off with Rachel. Sam walked off to spend some time on his own. He calmed himself down as decided to wait until he had spoken to her and then ask her about the little girl because if she was his, he wanted her in her life, and some answer as to why Sarah had kept her from him. 
**
After the event Sarah and Alexia managed to get Ellie, Ben and Amber out without the guys seeing them however as they walked past one of the windows they heard James shouting. “How the fuck could she keep them from me?” Sarah looked at Alexia shocked by what she had heard then turned back to help get the children in the car.
3

The next morning Sam stood in his kitchen when his phone rings, alerting him to a group call with James and Matt.
“Hello.” Sam answered.
Sam was greeted with a ‘hello’ and a ‘Hey’ from James and Matt as they answered him together.
“So what are you two up to today?” Sam asked.
“I’m off to see Alexia about my children.” James replied.
“Yeah, what the hell was that?” Matt asked. “Something happened there man, that’s not like Alexia at all to not tell you, I know she was pissed at you but damn.”
“I agree with Matt, James. It’s not like her at all, having said that though her mum was a witch so it wouldn’t surprise me if she had something to do with it.” Said Sam. 
 “Yeah maybe, I’m gonna go and wait for her at her house and see her when she gets back from dropping the kids off at school, I don’t want them to see me angry.” James replied.
“What about Sarah?” Matt asked. 
“Yeah, do you think the little girl is yours Sam?” James asked.
“I don’t know,” Sam replied “I asked her to text me last night but she hasn’t, I’ll wait to see if she texts me today and if not I guess I’ll have to hunt her down and find out because if she is mine, I want her in my life.”
 “She must be, she looks the same age as James’s two.” Said Matt. “It’s very wired you two being Dad’s, I hope to god Tracy ain’t got one of mine tucked away.” 
“Dude I hope not! You’re bad enough, we don’t want any mini me’s of you.” said laughed.
“Fuck you man,” Matt said laughing.
“Right I’d better go and face the music.” James sighed.
“Yeah let us know what happen’s.” Sam said.
They said there goodbyes and Sam stood in his kitchen drinking his drink and just stared out the window wondering what to do next.
***********
 Sarah has been stood looking in the mirror arguing with herself about texting Sam for the last hour since she got home from dropping Ellie off. ‘Just do it! Silly woman it’s only Sam’ she thought to herself. Standing firm she continued to stare at herself as she grabbed her phone off the unit and as she did it rang. She jumped a mile high and looked slowly down at the phone ‘chill out it’s only Alexia’ she said to herself out loud, quickly gathering her nerves she answered it.
“Hey hun.”
“I need you ASAP.” Alexia said slightly panicked.
“OMG what’s happened?”
“James and Rachel!” She said though gritted teeth.
‘Eurgh, enough said, I can’t believe James is still with that skank, I’m on my way.”
Sarah quickly gathered her bag and locked up. When she arrived at Alexia’s she knocked and let herself in and found Alexia in the front room.
“Hey what’s going on? Sarah said as she sat down in one of the chairs.
Alexia looked at her, took a deep breath and started talking really fast. “OMG James and Rachel were here! When I got back from dropping Ben and Amber off  they were here! They came inside and he started having a go at me asking why I had kept the children from him. Well you know me, I don’t scare that easily so I stood up to him! I know how to work that man even after all these years!….” 
At this point Alexia was going red in the face and was trying to take a breath whilst talking and Sarah found herself taking a deep breath in whilst she watched her. 
“Anyway long story short it turns out her never did get the emails and text because Rachel was wiping them. OMG! Sarah I’ve never seen him so angry, he dragged her out of here and practically threw her into the car.” Alexia stopped and stared into space for a few moments out of breath and Sarah sat there shocked that she managed to get it all out in one breath before laughing at her.
“Made yourself a little dizzy there Alexia? That was some good going,” she giggled, “On a serious note I told you it was wired that he would tell you that he didn’t want anything to do with them. It just wasn’t like James.”
“I know but I was so hurt that I believed it was him, I’m gonna have some serious making up to do.”
“Well judging by the smile on your face after the ‘office’ incident I don’t think it’s going to take too much.” Sarah smirked at her.
“What do you mean!?” Alexia said shocked.
“Don’t play innocent with me Alexia Clay, you know full well what I mean. Are you going to ring him or see if he contacts you?”
“Well I’ll give him a few days and then ring him unless he gets in touch first. It’s very weird seeing him again. Anyway, whilst we are on the subject of men.....I wanna know about the sexual tension between you and Sam last night.”
“Sexual tension!” Sarah snorted. “You’re imagining things Alexia?”
“Hell no! And what did he give you?”
“His number, he wanted me to text him last night so he could call but I chickened out.”
“Oh well, do it now!” Alexia said excitedly.
“No I can’t, I’m scared.” Sarah said biting her lip.
“Shut up it’s only Sam.” Alexia said walking out the room to make a drink whilst Sarah grabbed her phone.
‘Hi Sam it’s Sarah, Sorry I didn’t text last night It was so lovely to see you again.’ Sarah pressed send and she waited nervously for him to reply knowing he saw Ellie last night. She jumped out of her skin as her phone dings in her hand.
‘Well hello beautiful lady, it was more than lovely to see you last night, Learnt a lot about you as well!  I’m free today so I’ll book us a table and pick you up at 11.30 for lunch.’
“Oh Alexia he’s replied!!!” Sarah shouted, “He wants to take me out for lunch today at eleven thirty.”
“Ok well it’s only ten thirty now tell him yes and I’ll help you get ready.”
“Oh god, my heart is in my mouth, ok here goes.” 
‘Yeah that would be lovely :-)’   
‘OK, Well I’ll see you both at 11.30 :-)’
‘Yeah see you then.’
Sarah gave him her address and she and Alexia went back to her house to get ready.
“So let’s have a look what you’ve got.” Alexia said opening her walk in wardrobe door. “Umm here what about these cream slim fit jeans, this pink vest and this cream cardigan with the pink diamond pattern on it?” Alexia said as she looked at her shoes. “OH! And these cream cross strap peep-toes wedges.”
“Yeah, perfect.” Said Sarah, as she topped up her make-up.













4
Sarah was sat on her sofa watching the clock and waiting for Sam with her heart in her throat, as her clock turned eleven thirty she heard a car pull up and a few seconds later a knock at the door, she stood up took a few deep breaths and went to open the door. 
As she opened it she nearly had a heart attack at the sight of him, he looked even better than she remembered from last night but then saying that she was in a daze. Sam stood there at five foot eleven, had medium length blonde hair, blue eyes, a lovely tan and the sexiest smile she’d seen in a long time. His body, from what Sarah could tell through his t-shirt which more or less defined every muscle, was to die for as well. He’d certainly beefed up over the years. In fact she noticed he looked like the fitness model Adam Fletcher, who she was very fond of.
Sarah stood with a grin on her face. “Sam, how are you? Please come in a moment whilst I get my bag and keys.” As Sam stepped in they gave each other a kiss on each cheek.
“Thanks, I’m real good, how about you?”
“Yeah not too bad actually, I was really nervous about seeing you again but now you're here it feels like nothing had changed. My heart was in my throat waiting for you though.” She laughed.
“You're right my lovely Sarah,” he grinned and her heart skipped several beats as that’s what he’d always called her that when they were together. “I was feeling the same.” Sarah got her bag and keys and looked at him. “Ready?”
“Yeah,” she smiled. As they walked out, Sarah locked the front door and turned round to see Sam stood at his car waiting to open her door for her. “OH! We both have the same car except your is a Kuga and mine is a Focus,” she stopped talking and thought for a moment, “So we don’t really have the same car do we just the same make but you know what I mean.” she giggled as she got in.
Sam laughed with her, “You’re still crazy,” he said as he helped her in the passenger side then closed the door and ran round to get in the driver’s side. 
They drove for about 10 minutes and Sarah pointed out Ellie’s school and their dance studio before they pulled up at the Chinese restaurant. They went inside and waited for a member of staff to approach them. “Table for two?” Someone said behind them and they both turned around and found a waiter stood smiling at them
“Yes please.” Sam said smiling back.
“Follow me this way please.” The waiter said and Sam grabbed hold of Sarah’s hand as they followed behind. Their table was in a bay window and slightly out of the way from everyone else. Sam pulled out Sarah’s chair for her then went and sat down himself.
“So tell me about your daughter, she’s your image. It was like we had gone back in time seeing her with James’s two as well.”
Sarah’s heart didn’t know weather to speed up with pride or drop with fear but she beamed a smile. “Yeah I was at Alexia’s house when I text you, she told me James had gone round with Rachel and it turns out Rachel was wiping Alexia’s text and emails after pretending to be James and told her he wanted nothing to do them.”
“Shit, I better phone him later then.” Sam said shocked.
“Yeah, anyway the answer to your question, she’s called Ellie and she is one in a million, my life-saver and my angel. She is doing fab at school I’m so proud of her, she loves dancing and drama.”
“How old is she?”
“Nine.” Sarah said holding her breath.
“Is she mine?” Sam asked with his heart in his throat.
Sarah’s heart stopped as she whispered, “No.” 
Sam felt a pang of disappoint but carried on asking questions. “Why is she your life-saver?”
“She got me through the most difficult time of my life.”
“So if she’s not mine then whose is she? If she’s nine that would mean you were pregnant around the time we split up.”
“Just after,” she whispered again and looked at him with begging eyes not to carry on. “So what’s going on with you?”  
Sam felt a bit of anger at her but got the hint she was uncomfortable talking about it at the moment, so he went along with the sudden change in conversation. But there was no way in hell he was letting it drop so he would ask again at another time and answered her question.
“Not much really. Me and Matt work for James, as you know he’s a cage fighter so we are his security and right hand men. But we both fight too so we get to travel all over for fights so it’s not all bad. What do you do apart from dancing?”   
“Just that and if I’m not at work I’m spending time with Ellie and Alexia and her kids and Tracy. Alexia has just bought the dance studio and a gym a few weeks back so Tracy and I are her managers and run our own classes. We are hoping to get the contract at the fight club for every Friday night so you may be seeing more of me.”
“Oh, I’ll be definitely be seeing more for you Sarah.” He said whilst looking deep into her eyes. Sarah swallowed not sure what to say next and was thankful when the waiter came to take their order. 
“Are you both ready to order?”
“Yes,” they both said together.
“Ok, what can I get you?”
“I’ll take the Sweet and Sour Chicken and Rice please.” Sarah said as she looked at the waiter and watched him write it down, when he had finished he looked back at her and smiled and then looked at Sam. “And for you sir?”
“I’ll have the Aromatic Duck please.”
“Ok, thank you. Can I get you any drinks?”
“I’ll take a regular coke please.” Sam said and looked at Sarah.
“I’ll take the same please.” she said.
“Ok no problem, I will go get them now.” The waiter said as he collected the menus from them.
For the rest of the meal Sam and Sarah talked about what they had done over the last nine years and laughed at the old days.
*********
After the meal Sam drove Sarah home, he pulled up outside her house, turned off the ignition off and looked at her.
“Would you like to come in?” Sarah asked smiling.
Sam’s heart skipped a beat as he wasn’t ready to leave her yet. “Yes ok.” He smiled back.
They went in and headed straight into the kitchen so Sarah could make them a drink, “Are you still white coffee with two sugars?”
“Wow, I’m impressed you remembered,” he grinned “Yes please.”
Sarah smiled back at him and turned to get the cups ready. Whilst she was waiting for the kettle to boil she turned back to him. “Sam, were you and Matt the ones who put Tony in hospital?” She asked quietly.
He looked hard at her, not wanting to answer her but he did anyway. “No….yes…no,” he sighed. “Me and Matt held him and James did the damage.” He said not taking his eyes off her. He watched her swallow and gently nod at him.
“Ellie, Ben and Amber were in there.” She said quietly and no more was said on the matter.
They were sat at the kitchen table when Sarah noticed that it had started to rain. “Oh bloody hell,” she said as she stood up. “Excuse me for one moment whilst I get the laundry in.” She hurried outside and Sam watched her quickly take the few items of clothing off the washing line and bring them back in. “I’ll just run this upstairs, would you like me to show you around?”
What a silly question, of course I do! Sam thinks to himself, “Sure, you know me, I like being nosy in people’s houses.” He smiled at her and she got a giddy feeling in her stomach.
“Ok, well follow me and I’ll give you the grand tour. As you can see this is the kitchen/diner we are stood in now and if we go back into the entrance hall we have the downstairs toilet and the door next to the stairs is the front room.” Sarah showed him into the basic square room with a cupboard in the far corner.”That’s it for down here, I’ll take you upstairs.” She started walking upstairs with Sam behind her.
“OOOoooohhhh, now this brings back memories.” Sarah stopped and turned to look at him and he had the biggest grin on his face and she burst out laughing.
“So here we are, straight in front of you is bedroom 3, next to it is Ellie’s bedroom, to the right of you is the bathroom and behind you is my master bedroom.” Sarah walked in there and put the laundry on the bed. “It has an en-suite in here and a storage cupboard there, and that is pretty much my house.” She turned to smile at him and he was really close to her, his expression filled with passion that took her breath away. Before she knew it he took her face and kissed her, swiping his tongue across her lips for her to open them and she did. With their tongues rolling round each other as they kissed each other deeply Sarah let out a little moan with pleasure so Sam pressed her up against the wall and as soon as she felt his hard on, her heart dropped into her stomach and she started to panic and pulled away. 
“Sam please stop.” She said with panic in her eyes.
Sam stepped back in slight shock at the look on her face. “Sarah, I’m sorry, are you ok? Did I hurt you?”
“No, No it’s not you, honest, it’s me….I just panicked.” She said straightening herself up and walked out of the bedroom and downstairs. Sam stood and watched her, he could see the tears in her eyes as he followed her down.
“Sarah, what happened to you?” He stood in the doorway looking at her.
She slowly turned around and looked at him, knowing he could still read her like a book she couldn’t lie to him so she just shook her head and he knew to leave it for now.
5
The next day in the evening Sarah was cooking tea when her phone rang, she looked at the phone to see it was a group call from Alexia and Tracy.
“Hello my beautiful ladies.” Sarah answered.
“Guess who I caught at Alexia’s house today when I dropped the kids off? Both, I might add, with a very cheesy grin on their faces.” Tracy’s voice booms down the phone.
“Oh let me guess, was he tall, sexy, blues eyes, gorgeous body and into fighting?” Said Sarah.
“YEP!” Tracy screeched.
“NO-WAY! Alexia Clay!……Details now!” Said screamed.
“There’s not much to tell really.” Alexia replied.
“Not much to tell!….You end up in bed with him and there’s not much to tell?” Sarah exclaimed, “Get on with it!”
“OK….well he came to see me to discuss meeting the kids and he’s going to wait until their birthday and when they make their wish for their dad as they usually do, he’s going to come up behind them and wait for them to open their eyes.”
“OMG that’s so beautiful Alexia, it’s made me start welling up. They are going to be so surprised…..Oh I can’t wait for that,” Sarah said and Tracy agreed.
“Anyway I asked him about his lifestyle and how he got into it and then the next thing I knew he was carrying me upstairs……he’s still got it alright,” Alexia giggled. “Anyway enough about me, what about you and Sam?”
“OOOOOoooooo yes,” said Tracy. “Details please.”
“Well he took me to the Chinese restaurant for lunch, he asked about Ellie….asked if he was her father and when I told him no he looked really hurt.” Sarah took a deep breath “Anyway he came back and I showed him round the house and when I showed him my room, he started kissing me and I panicked. He asked me what had happened but I couldn’t tell him yet. It’s was the first time I’d seen him in nine years.”
“True,” the girls said together.
“But if you’re going to continue seeing him, you’ll have to tell him eventually.” Tracy said
“You know you never did tell us who the father was.” Alexia said
“I will eventually, I promise.” Sarah answered.
*************
“Right Ellie, time for bed hunny.” Sarah shouted as she came out of the kitchen and walked into the front room to Ellie.
“OK mum.” Ellie replied as she gave Sarah a kiss and went upstairs.
Sarah sat on the sofa and picked up her phone staring at Sam’s number, thinking about how she could see him again, and then she remembered she was talking Ellie to the zoo this weekend. She decided it was the perfect opportunity to text him.
‘Hey Sam, just wondered if your free on Saturday to come to the zoo with me and Ellie?’
‘Hey you, yeah I would love to. Can’t wait to meet the little lady. ÷)’
‘Fab ÷) Do you want to come here about 10.00? I promised Ellie I’d do a picnic…she loves picnic’s.
‘10 is perfect, Do you want me to bring anything?’
‘Nope, I have everything ÷)’
‘Ok, well I’ll see you on Saturday ÷)’
‘Yeah, see you Saturday ÷)’
Sarah put her phone down and did a little giddy dance.
************
On Saturday Morning Sarah woke up and looked at the clock, 9.15. She jumped out of bed, showered and dressed in half an hour and went to wake Ellie up.
“Ellie sweetheart, time to get up it’s 9.45, Sam will be here in fifteen minutes.”
“NNNNNooooooo. Good job I showered last night and got my clothes ready then.” Ellie moaned as she pushed the covers back.
“Sorry darling, I got up late too. I’ll go down and start the picnic and make you a nice cup of tea.”
Ellie grunted at her and Sarah laughed as she walked downstairs, she started to get nervous about Sam coming. She walked into the kitchen, put the kettle on and found the picnic basket. As she was sorting it out Sam knocked at the door and she did a little giddy dance before she answered. When Sarah opened the door and took at look at Sam, her heart skipped a beat. He stood there wearing a pair of blue jeans and a white t-shirt that showed off his muscles just nicely.
‘Yum’ Sarah thought to herself. “Sam hi, come in, how are you?” She asked nervously.
Sam stepped in and could tell she was nervous, so he grabbed her face and kissed her deep on the lips. Sarah kissed him back and felt like her legs were going to give way.
As Sam pulled away he looked at her and whispered, “Stop being nervous, your fine.” He then kissed her on the nose and answered her question normally, “I’m good thanks, how’s you? Where’s the little lady?”
“She’s upstairs getting dressed, we got up late,” said Sarah as she walked back into the kitchen with Sam following her, “I’ve just put the kettle on do you want a coffee?”
“Please.”  Just then they heard Ellie come downstairs and walk into the kitchen.
“Hi Sam.” Ellie said as she sat at the breakfast bar next to him.
She took Sam by surprise a little at how confident she was. “Hi Ellie, it’s nice to meet you,” he said smiling at her.
“It’s nice to meet you too, mum’s told me heaps about you.” She said and they both looked at Sarah who was turning a nice shade of red. “I can tell why you love him so much mum, he is cute.” Ellie said.
Sam laughed and looked at Sarah who was looking at Ellie to shut up. ‘Nice one El’s’ she thought.
“Sam did you speak to James?” Sarah asked quickly changing the subject. “How’s he coping with finding out about Ben and Amber? I still can’t believe Rachel,” she thought for a moment, “Well actually I can, she always was a freak.”
Just then Ellie spoke before Sam could answer Sarah.
“Speaking of Dads, are you ever going to tell me about mine?”
Sam held his breath and they both looked at Sarah.
“I will one day darling I promise, when I think you’re ready to hear about it.”
Sam’s stomach did a flip and he could tell someone had really hurt her. He could feel the anger starting within him, ‘Someone hurt her? I need to find out who it is and I’m gonna make sure the bastard suffers’ Sam thought to himself.
Ellie sighed and looked down at her drink. “Ok,” she said. “I’m going to finish getting ready.” She slowly walked out of the kitchen. Sam watched her leave and then looked at Sarah. They stared at each other for a few minutes before Sarah broke it and carried on sorting the food out.

When Ellie came back into the kitchen she found Sarah packing the picnic in the basket and Sam at the fridge, as she looked back at Sarah she noticed her putting some cheese in the basket.
“Mum, why have you put cheese in the basket? We don’t eat cheese, unless Sam does.”
Sam looked in the basket as he turned round from getting the drinks from the fridge. “I’m not a big fan but I’ll eat it sometimes.”
“Oh no, it’s not for us to eat, it’s for the chickens.” Sarah said as she continued to pack the basket. Sam and Ellie looked at each other confused then back to Sarah.
“What do you mean it’s for the chickens?” Ellie asked.
“To feed them,” Sarah said as she looked up at them. “Why are you looking at me like that?”
“Erm…. Mum, chickens don’t eat cheese.” Said Ellie really trying her hardest not to laugh at her mum.
“OH! Don’t they?” She thought for a moment. “I thought chickens ate cheese.” Sarah said whilst she giggled. Sam and Ellie couldn’t hold it in any longer and burst into a fit of laughter.
“Oh Sarah, I love that you’re still dizzy.” Sam said laughing at her and she smacked him with the t-towel.
**********
All three of them were having a great time at the zoo. Ellie was in her element as she loved animals and Sarah was really pleased that her and Sam were getting along but it made her very nervous ‘I hope he still likes her when he finds out who her father is’ she thought to herself ‘I hope he still like me when he find out.’ Sarah is snapped out of her thoughts as Ellie shouted, “Look Peacocks.” She pointed as she ran over to them with Sam and Sarah following. As they stood there looking Sarah looked at Sam. 
“You see those things… don’t think I’m been daft, but those things that look like eyes. Are they real eyes?” Sarah asked.
Sam and Ellie looked at her like she was mad and burst into laughter “Yes miss dizzy, they are.” Replied Sam.
“Don’t laugh at me!” Sarah tried to strop but she just started laughing with them. “You know what I’m like.”
They all carried on walking round whilst still laughing when they came up to a sign hat was an arrow pointing to the left saying ‘Ferrets.’
“What’s a ferret again?” Ellie asked.
“A ferret is a bird.” Sarah replied.
“What?” Sam looked at her and shook his head, “Oh miss Dizzy, what am I going to do with you? It’s not a bird!” He laughed, “It’s a domesticated form of the European Polecat.”
Sarah and Ellie just stood and looked at him like he’d just spoken a different language to them.
“A mammal belonging to the weasel genus of the family Mustelidae.” He continued and they both just stood there staring at him blankly. “Tell you what, why don’t we go see them.” He walked towards them and the girls followed him laughing.
They spent until tea time there before heading back home.















6
The three of them were just about to sit and eat at the table when Sam’s phone rang. He took it out of his pocket and looked at the screen and sighed, “It’s the club, I’m sorry, I need to take this,” he said. Sarah nodded at him as he walked out of the kitchen to go outside. “Hello.”
“It’s me,” James replied. “I found where he is, we need to have a word.”
“Oh, yeah, I’m just at Sarah’s having my tea.” Said Sam.
“That’s fine, it’s going to take Matt thirty minutes anyway.”
“Ok cool, I’ll meet you in thirty.” Sam said. He ended the call and went back inside to eat his tea.
*********
Sam, James and Matt sit in the driveway staring at a house
“Who much does he owe again?” Sam asked.
“£13,000” James replied. “He’s only made two payments out of seven.”
Sam and Matt looked at each other then got out the car. As they walked up to the house, a man aged in his forties came out and walked down to the end of his drive to put some waste in the bin. He stood and took a look around until he spotted them, he did a double look at them and tried to run back inside but Sam and Matt ran after him and grabbed him.
Sam held him whilst Matt punched him in the stomach once making the man bend over in pain. 
“That’s just a little reminder that Mr Taylor is due his money, we will be back next week for it.” Sam said.
“Please,” the man begged, “I don’t have it, I lost my job.”
Sam and Matt looked at each other. “We will let Mr Taylor know.” Said Matt and they let the man go and walked off back to the car.
“Well.” Said James.
“He’s lost his job.” Said Matt.
“Shit,” said James looking annoyed. “Let’s go home and I’ll figure out what to do.”
*********
Just as Sarah was getting into bed her phone alerted her to a text she had received, it was from Sam.
‘Hey, let me in I’m at the front door. Didn’t want to knock and wake Ellie up.’
Sarah  replied.‘Where have you been?’
‘Work!’
‘If you tell me you have been beating some poor guy up, I’m gonna slap you stupid Sam. I mean it, It has got to stop.’
‘Best I not tell you then, Now will you please let me in.’
‘NO!’
‘Please XXXXXXX’
‘Why should I?’
‘Because I’m cold and I need you to warm me up ;-)’
‘Well ok, but only because it’s cold and just to make it clear I still don’t like what you did!’
Sarah went downstairs and opened the door, she barely managed  the word “Hi” before Sam slammed his mouth on to hers and pushed her back into the house, kicked the front door closed and reached round to lock it. He then picked up Sarah and carried her upstairs to her bedroom without breaking their kiss.
As the entered the bedroom Sam pulled away from her to lay her on the bed and they are both panting, trying to catch their breath. 
He was gently running his hands down her length of her body whilst he moved to stand at the end of the bed. He stood and looked down at her, taking her in and he knew she is doing the same to him.
Sam moved and put one knee on the bed and placed a hand on each of her legs. As his body slides up and over her his hands caressed up her legs and body taking her silk slip with them, as he reaches her shoulders he removes it before sitting up and admiring her soft toned skin. He was drinking her in when she reached up and grabbed the hem of his T-shirt and pulled it off urgently. Sarah looked up at him breathlessly and he smirked at her knowing that at any moment she’s going to start begging him.
Sam moved to stand up and Sarah looked at him with concern, he smiled at her and started undoing his trousers. Sarah’s eyes drop to watch his hands and she licked her lips as she watched him remove them followed by his underwear. Her mouth fell open and her heart sped up. Sam held his hand out to her and has she took it, he pulled her, lifting her at the same time. She wrapped her legs round him, feeling his erection at her entrance and she stared deep into his eyes.
Sam slowly turned around and sat down on the edge, making them both gasp in surprise as he pushed into her as he moved her to straddle him.
“OMG Sam.” Sarah moaned and tried to move.
“No,” Sam whispered breathlessly in her ear. “I want a moment to really feel you.” Sarah looked at him and could see he was really trying not to lose control, his breathing now turning into panting and then he gritted his teeth. “God baby, move now,” he said urgently.
As Sarah started to move she could feel how deep he was and the feeling was overwhelming. They both start moaning with pleasure, she threw her head back making her back arch and her chest push up into his face, and Sam leans down and starts sucking on her hard sensitised nipples at the same time.
“Oh fuck! Sam! God baby!” Sarah cried out, “Good that feel’s so good.”
After several minutes he pulled her head down to his and kisses her deeply, as he pulled away he moved his lips to her ear. 
“I want you bent over the bed.” He said as he stood up taking her with him, with her legs still wrapped round him she tightened her grip and kissed him. She then slide sown his body until her feet touched the floor and did as he asked, she turned and bent over the bed opening her legs.
Sam moved behind her and roughly entered her making her grasp the sheets and cry out. Sam started to really move, remembering that this was her favourite position.
“Oh my god! Sam! yes!” Sarah cried out.
Sam started to feel the start of his orgasm but he wasn’t ready to finish yet so he slowed down making Sarah cry out again.
“NO! Don’t slow down! keep going, need it harder Sam, Please. Don’t stop, need you to take the pain away!” she cried out.
Sam stopped and his body went stiff “I am hurting you baby?”
“What?” She turned to look at him confused and then realised what she had said “Oh no,” she gasped, “baby no, not you,” she said. She turned to face away from him again and she whispered “Please carry on, I need you.”
“This conversation is not over Sarah.” Sam said in a stern voice
“I know” she said quietly.
Sam continued to move but it wasn’t urgent like it was before, it was slow and for her, he wanted to please her and to take whatever pain she had away with his lovemaking. He felt her tightening and heard her scream out his name in pleasure which was enough to tip him over into his own release. Sam rolled onto his side and pulled Sarah to him in a hug, facing him. He looked deep in her eyes and whispered to her, “Tell me what you mean’t Sarah?”
Sarah took a deep long breath and looked at him. “Back in uni, about three months after I got there me and some girlfriends went out clubbing to our usual club, we ran into some of the guys there and some others we knew from school that had come to visit. Anyway long story short as you don’t need to know the ins and outs, one guy was trying it on with me and when I said no, he dragged me down an alley and took what he wanted anyway.” She said with tears welling up in her eyes.
Sam went stiff, then shot up into the sitting position and glared at her. Sarah slowly sat up too and met his eyes.
“Sam? Please say something.” She said with a shaky voice.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” He said with anger in his voice, although she knew it wasn’t aimed at her. “Why didn’t you call me, I could’ve been there.” 
 “It all happened so quick, one minute I was been held down whilst I was screaming and the next thing I knew I was in hospital.” She looked at him as the tears started running down her face. “Please hold me, you’re the only one I trust.” She whispered.
Sam took a few minutes to take a deep breath trying to calm his anger before pulling her gently into a hug.
“I ended up in hospital for about 16 weeks.” She whispered. “I just lost it, I wouldn’t eat, wouldn’t speak, I would bath every hour and scrub myself really hard with the bath cloth and make myself really sore.”
 She moved out of Sam’s arms and showed him the small scars on her body. “These are the result of that, I would scrub so hard it would make me bleed.” She looked at him quickly and then down to her hands. “Eventually they let me home and I shut myself in my bedroom. I was looking at my calendar for some unknown reason, I think I was just finding things to do and noticed the word ‘period’ on it. I sat and thought about it and soon realised that I didn’t remember having one since the incident, however I was so out of it I wouldn’t have had a clue anyway. I told mum and she took me to the doctors and they confirmed I was pregnant with Ellie. I laid awake all night thinking about it and had a strong talk to myself, telling myself I had to get a grip….that I was going to be a Mum and I was going to be a good one.” She took a deep breath and looked at Sam. He gently grabbed her face in both of his hands and he kissed her.
“Who was it Sarah?” He asked looking hard into her eyes.
Sarah swallowed, “I’m not ready to tell you that yet, it was a little close to home.”
“Tell me Sarah.” He said a lot harder.
“No! Please just give me time. Ellie is asking about her dad to but I just need to find the right words. Please Sam, I will tell you just not now.”
Sam could feel his anger building again at the thought of what she had gone through.  He didn’t want to wait, he wanted her to tell him now but he respected her and agreed.
“My mum wanted to ring you and kept telling me it was the best thing to do, she knew that you would know exactly what to do.” She said.
“Well she was right, I must admit I’m am hurt you didn’t trust me enough back then.” He looked at her.
“I’m so sorry Sam, I did trust you, I was just so far in la la land that I didn’t want you to see me like that. My doctors thought it would tip me over the edge when they told me I was pregnant and prepared for the worse but it actually helped me, it helped me focus on getting better knowing I had something to life for.”
“I’m so sorry you had to go through that, I’m so sorry that I wasn’t there to protect you. I’m gonna make sure no-one hurts you ever again, I found you again after nine years and I’m not letting you go again Sarah…. I can’t….my heart has been with you all this time, you're the one for me.” he kissed her and Sarah kissed him back making her heart melt knowing he meant every word he said.
Sarah pulled back, looked at him and whispered, “I’ve never stopped loving you, I did want to phone you when I was in hospital but I felt so dirty and like I said I didn’t want you to see me that way.”  
“There’s only one place you’re dirty baby and that’s in this bed with me.” He grinned at her making her giggle. “But baby please believe me, it wasn’t your fault.” He kissed her again.
“Sam, make love to me again.” She whispered.
He didn’t need to be asked twice, he laid her down and they made love twice before falling asleep in each others arms.



















7
The next day everyone had gone to the park for a picnic, the guys were laid down on the grass sunbathing whilst Sarah, Alexia, Tracy and the children were on the blanket eating when Tracy’s phone beeped with a text message from her mum telling her that Margaret Thatcher had died.
“Well my mother is full of joys today,” Tracy said turning to look at everyone, “She just text me to tell me Margaret Thatcher has died.” Matt took a drink of his beer as the others were all saying how awful it was when Sarah piped up with; 
“Margaret Thatcher, wasn’t she a prostitute?”
Matt spat his beer everywhere as he burst out laughing. He looked over to James and Sam who were laughing so hard they were holding their stomachs with tears running down their faces.
 Alexia and Tracy are sat there looking at Sarah with their faces twitching as they are trying really hard not to laugh whilst Sarah was looking at them confused. “Why you laughing at me now?” She asked having no clue.
“Oh, Sarah! My little dizzy friend,” Alexia said now giggling as she can’t hold it in any longer. 
“How our lives would be so boring without you hunny.” Tracy said as she started laughing too. “Margaret Thatcher was our prime minster many years ago.”
Sarah put her hand over her mouth shocked. “Oh god and I just called her a prostitute!” She exclaimed. “How disrespectful of me.”
James was still laughing when he turned to look at her. ‘Don’t worry about it, I’m sure she been called a lot worse.”
*******
Later that evening they all went back to Sam’s house for drinks and a takeaway. It’s the first time Sarah has been to the house so whilst everyone is deciding what there having, Sarah wonders around and has a look.
She started upstairs and as she stood at the top of the stairs she looked to her right and saw Sam’s bedroom – the master bedroom. She walked in and looked around, he had fitted wardrobes along one side of the wall, a king size bed and two bedside tables with lamps on them. Sarah looked back at the bed and a sudden dread waves over her of other women being in there, she shakes her head as if to get rid of the images and started to imagine her and Sam in there making love. The way he touches her, licks her, kisses her…..Sarah snapped out of it when she realized she was not only making her heart race but she felt her underwear had got slightly wet. She turned round to walk out and she bumped into Sam who was lent up against the door frame with his arms crossed his chest with a smirk on his face.
“Sorry I was just…” Sarah started before he interrupted.
“I know what you were doing Sarah…” He said talking a step closer to her and turning her round so her back was to his chest, he put both his hands on her hips and his lips really close to her ear. “You were imagining us in my bed weren’t you?” His hands slid down the front of her trousers, making her gasp so she couldn’t speak. “Weren’t you Sarah,” he asked again and she nodded making him grin against her neck. “I could tell by your breathing, it made horny didn’t it?”  He said as he moved his finger inside her underwear then stuck a finger in her making her moan with pleasure. ‘Well Sarah my beautiful lady, I can’t have my woman all horny now can I? I must do something about that.” He said as he rubbed her clit with his other hand, Sarah looked over her shoulder to face him and he kissed her to cover the moans from her. “Come on my fingers Sarah.” As he start rubbing harder and fingering her faster, making her cry out when she came. They stood for a few minutes gaining control and then went in the bathroom to clean up. As they came out Sam grabbed her hand. “Come on I’ll show you round the rest of the house.” 
They walked back out of Sam’s bedroom and along the hallway, past the main bathroom and to a door in front of them. This is bedroom two.” Sam said.
“How many bedrooms are they?”
“Six.” 
“Why on earth do you want six bedrooms?”
“Well one for me and you, one for Ellie, one is a study which means there’s three left for us to have the other three children we wanted.”
Sarah looked at him. “You still want to have a family with me? After everything I told you?”
“More than anything, what happened to you in the past and is not going to stop us having the future we always wanted together Sarah. Didn’t you tell me once you wanted 5 kids?” He looked at her and laughed. Sarah laughed right back. “Come on lets get this tour of the house over with, I’m starved.” Said Sam. 
He showed her the other bedrooms and bathrooms before going downstairs and showing her the massive lounge, dining room, utility room and the massive kitchen/diner which had a conservatory on it too.
The girls went sit in the lounge whilst the guys stayed in the kitchen and the kids had gone to the garden to play.
“Ok, tell us what’s eating you.” James said.
Sam turned around and looked at James and Matt sitting at the table staring at him. “Sarah told me something last night.”
“Well I gathered it was something to do with her, you’ve watched her and Ellie like a hawk today. What’s going on? We’ve never seen you so unsettled.”
“I’m not that bad.” Sam replied.
“Not to everyone, but to us you are. We know you better than anyone.” Said James.
“Sarah got raped in college by someone we know.” Sam said quietly.
James and Matt straightened up and their faces went hard. “By who?”  James asked.
“She wouldn’t tell me, she said she’s not ready. She just said that she ended up in hospital for 16 weeks as a result as it sent her “la la” in her words.”
“Well we need to find out who it was and me and Matt will pay the bastard a visit. You don’t do anything as you will end up doing more bad than good….I know the piece of shit deserves to be hung by his balls but just let us handle it.” Said James.
Sam wanted to argue but he knew James was right. Just then the girls walked in laughing and walked up to there men. They all smiled back and pulled them on to their knees.
“Hey…..oh no!…What you three planning now?” Alexia asked looking at James. “Oh no! You better not be planning on beating the crap out of some poor old man again!” She stood up with her hands on her hips.
“No of course not!” James said and pulled her back on to his knee. “He’s not poor!”
“JAMES!” Alexia screeched as she jumped into the standing position again and glaring at him. “Don’t you bloody dare!” 
“Ok, ok,” he said laughing at her. “I was winding you up, come and sit back down.” As she turned her back to sit back on his knee James looked at Sam and Matt and pulled a face and they both tried not to laugh. Sam stood up and looked round at everyone.
“Shall we go and play a quiz on the wii?”
Everyone agreed so they topped up their drinks and Ellie ran in to the lounge and set the wii up.
“Ok,” Sam said, “How did Sherlock Holmes die? A) He never died, B) He Od’d on cocaine, C) Professor Moriarty shot him or D) He fell down a waterfall?”
“A, He never died!” Matt shouted.
“Correct.” Said Sam.
“Sherlock Holmes, isn’t he the man that invented toilets?” Sarah asked.
Everyone started to laugh apart from Sam who rolled his eyes and pulled a face at her playfully.
“You really are my Miss dizzy,” he said kissing her forehead. “But I love you.” He chuckled. “No Sherlock Holmes is a fictional detective.”
“Oh!” Sarah said, looking a little embarrassed as she settled back into Sam hug.
“Next question, which sea is to the west of Greece? Is it A) North B) Baltic C) Ionian or D) Red.” 
“C.” Said James.
“Correct.” Said Sam.
James looked over to Sam and Sarah and could tell she was going to say something funny again. “Oh no!” James said and everyone looked at him. “Sarah’s going to ask a funny question again, it’s written all over her face.”
Everyone looked at Sarah.”Has Greece got it’s own moon?” She asked.
“Oh Sarah!” Tracy said whilst laughing and rubbing her arm. “No you silly dizzy bird, there’s only one moon.” 
“Ok then, next question Sam.” She giggled.
“Which band sang ‘What makes you beautiful?’ Was it Take That, Westlife, JLS or One Direction?” Said Sam.
“Gay Direction!” Matt shouted.
“Hey! Not Gay Direction thank you!!!!!” Ellie shouted and gave him a cross look, Just then Sam noticed a familiar expression on her face, it suddenly hit him who she looked like. James and Matt obviously noticed too as they sat straight up and stared at Ellie. She looked at them with fear and the girls jumped up.
“Hey what you guy’s doing? You’re scaring her? Alexia shouted and Sarah jumped in front of Ellie.
“Ellie darling go upstairs, all of you kid’s, upstairs please.”
“Why? What did I do wrong?” She asked with panic.
“You did nothing wrong baby, go upstairs and let us handle this. Ok?” She smiled. Ellie nodded and ran out of the room. 
Alexia, Tracy and Sarah turned to James, Matt and Sam. 
“What the hell is your problem!?” Tracy shouted.
“Sarah, tell me who Ellie’s dad is! Tell me who raped you!” Sam said in a low but firm voice.
Tracy and Alexia gasped. “You were raped!” They both said together.
Sarah stood and went as white as a ghost and she stared at Sam with anger on his face. James and Matt stood behind him looking just as mean.
“Well by the look on your face you already know.” She said quietly.
Sam was still sat in shock. 
“I think I do know, when Ellie pulled that face at Matt it was written all over her, but we need you to confirm it.” James said.
Sarah hesitated. Tears pooled her eyes. “It was Scott, Sam’s brother.” She whispered.
Sam went bright red and gasped like he’d been kicked in the stomach and stormed for the door with James and Matt hot on his heals. The girls ran after them.
“SAM!” Sarah cried. “Where are you going? Please don’t go!”
As Sarah was begging Sam to stay James and Matt told Alexia and Tracy to get her inside and that they would deal with him.
“Don’t let him do anything stupid James.” Alexia said and she kissed him. “I really don’t like the idea of you going either but there’s no point in trying to tell you.”
She walked away from him before he could say anything and went to Sarah who had hold of Sam’s arm crying. Sam’s face was a mixture of anger and hurt. His eyes were filled with tears and his body shaking.
“I knew you’d leave me when I told you!” She cried. “I should have just told you that night you asked me and had it over and done with!” She stood and looked at him, shook her head and started walking away as she shouted over her shoulder. “Well go on then go, leave me! I’ll go get Ellie and go home!”
Sam stood for a few seconds and looked at Tracy, Matt, Alexia and James as they stood watching them. Just as Sarah stepped back into his house he ran after her, as he entered the house he picked her up and carried her into the front room. He grabbed her face, rested his forehead against hers and closed his eyes for a few second to calm down a little. When he opened them she was looking at him with tears running down her face. He pressed his lips to hers and kissed her. Their bodies shook together.
Sam pulled back and looked at her again and whispered. “I’m not leaving, never again will I leave you, I told you that. I’m going to have a word with my so called brother.” He said.
“Sam don’t please.” She begged.
“Sarah I need to do this.” He said. 
Sarah wanted to argue but knew it was no good. As the guys left, Tracy and Sarah came in and gave her a hug, they sat down and Sarah told them everything.



8


“Let’s go get that son of a bitch!” Sam said as he got into the drivers seat of  his car but James stopped him.
“You’re not driving like that, give me the keys and get in.”
Sam nodded, handed James the keys and got in the car whilst Matt got in the back. Half an hour later the three of them walked into Sam’s parents’ house and find Ann, Tom and Scott sat at the dining table having their tea.
Ann starts to say hello to her son as Sam stormed up to Scott and punched him in the face, making his nose explode.
“What the fuck!” Groaned Scott.
“SAM!” His mum Ann screamed.
“Son, what the hell!” Said Tom.
James and Matt stood at the door of the dining room as Tom got up and dragged Sam off Scott.
“GET IN THE FRONT ROOM NOW!” Tom shouted and they all go into the front room, Ann came in with a cloth for Scott’s nose and Sam scoffs as he paces the floor ready for round 2. 
“Someone better tell me what is going on and now!” Tom said in a voice that they all knew not to mess with.
Sam glared at Scott. “You gonna tell them or am I?”
“Well since I have no fucking idea what your problem is, you better tell them.”
“One word…..Sarah.” Sam glared at him, but Scott was still none the wiser.  
“Ok a few more words…college, rape, daughter!” Sam said through gritted teeth and goes for Scott again, punching him in the face again. James, Matt and Tom grab him and pull him off as his mum Ann screams.
“SAM CALM DOWN!”  Tom shouted. “Sit over there and explain yourself!”
Sam sat in the chair with James and Matt stood next to him to stop him going off again. Tom stood in the middle of the room, Scott still on the sofa with a cloth held to his nose and Ann was sat at the other end sobbing.
“Well explain yourself son.” Tom said.
“Scott raped Sarah whilst she was at college, as a result she ended up in hospital for 16 weeks with depression and she had a baby, a daughter Ellie, she’s coming up to nine years old.” Sam said with venom in his voice.
Ann and Tom gasped and looked at Scott.
“Is this true son?” Tom asked Scott.
“We have a granddaughter?” Ann asked.
“Well I don’t know about the daughter, but rape?! Well we had sex, and half way through she told me to stop but it was too late by then, I had to finish. The next thing I know she called me a rapist and never to go near her again. Stupid bitch always was dizzy…..she was asking for it and then get half way through and asked to stop, what kind of cock tease does that!”
Tom and Ann both looked at him in disbelief.
Sam went to fly for Scott again but he got held back by Matt and James. “You fucking bastard! That’s my girlfriend you’re talking about. How fucking dare you talk about her like that!” Sam snapped.
“And as for the kid…..are you sure she’s mine? She was good at spreading her legs back then.” Scott snapped back.
Sam saw red and really fought against James and Matt to get to Scott. Tom went and stood in front of Sam and held his hand out to him.
“STOP.” Tom said. “Go home and let me deal with this and I will come round afterwards to your house. Make sure Sarah is there.”
“What are you kidding me?” Sam exclaimed. “I’m not leaving until I’ve put him in hospital!” He shouted.
“Yes you are! GO.HOME!” Tom said sternly then looked at Matt and James. “Take him home boys, I’ll be there in a bit.”
James and Matt took Sam home with a struggle but when they got back to his house Sam stormed in and went straight to the kitchen. James and Matt followed him in but went into the front room to explain what happened and that Tom was going over that evening. 
“Oh god, this is a nightmare….I’ll go in a see him.” Sarah sobbed
Alexia, James, Tracy and Matt watched her go out the room and looked at each other.
“Me and Matt will stay here until Tom has been if you two girls want to go and take the kids home.” James said.
Alexia looked at him and shook her head. “No we want to be here for Sarah and Ellie.”
**********
Ellie walked into the kitchen not seeing Sam at the kitchen table and got herself a drink. As she turned round she jumped and gasped. She looked at the floor and whispered, “I’m sorry I didn’t see you and I’m sorry that I upset you Sam.”
Sam looked at her. “Come here Ellie.” He said and held out his hand
Ellie looked at it and hesitated before she walked slowly over to him and took his hand. Sam pulled her into a hug and squeezed her tight. 
“I’m sorry for the way I acted Ellie, I didn’t mean to scare you. You pulled a face and I realised who your father was and I lost my temper.”
“You know who my father is?” She exclaimed, “Who is it?”
“Me, you and your mum will sit later and talk about it ok, I just need to calm down. You’re a very special little girl Ellie and I want to make you and your mum very happy.” He pulled away from her and looked at her. “You go back to playing hun and one of us will come get you in a bit.”
Ellie nodded and turned to walk away when they looked up and saw Sarah sat on the kitchen worktop. Ellie walked up to her and kissed her before going upstairs. As Ellie walked out Sam stood up and walked over to Sarah and stood between her legs. He looked at her and she grabbed his face and pulled him in for a kiss which became urgent and passionate.
Sam broke the kiss leaving both of them breathless and stared at Sarah with heat in his eyes, Sarah looked at him with a knowing look and he started to kiss her passionately again. He pulled her waist close to him and she felt his erection. She started to rub herself up against him causing him to groan and pull away.
“Sarah, not here, we can’t.”
“Please I need you, go in the office.” She begged and who was he to turn her down.
Sam picked her up and carried her into the office and sat her down on the desk, he took off her trousers and underwear and then his own and pushed into her. Both of them fighting the urge to cry out in pleasure. They looked at each other and started kissing and they moved together. Sam moved his hand between her legs and started rubbing her clit causing her breathing to speed up. He started to feel her body tremble and moved his lips to her ear.
“Sarah come with me baby, come now!” He whisper shouted and a moment later they came together. They wrapped their arms around each other and kissed deeply before pulling away and getting dressed. As they were walking back in the kitchen Sam grabbed Sarah and pulled her to him.
“I’m sorry I scared you earlier, I was just so angry, I still am at him. I’m gonna make sure he never comes near you again or anyone for that matter. You’re mine Sarah, I love you, I always have and I’m going to protect you forever. Move in here with me.” His need for her was apparent in his voice.
Sarah kissed him and looked at him “I love you to and yes we’ll move in but please let’s sort this out first ok?” She smiled. They went and joined the others back in the front room to wait for Tom to come. After a couple of hours Tom rang and tell them that he wants them to go over next week to discuss this face to face and meet Ellie. He promises they are dealing with Scott and that Sarah and Ellie will have nothing to worry about when they come over.  



9
A week later Sam, Sarah and Ellie headed over to Ann and Tom’s for a BBQ so Ellie can meet her grandparents. They were laughing and joking at a story that Sam and Tom are telling Ellie about Sarah when she was younger, when Sam swings his arm back whilst describing what happened causing him to send the cup in his hand flying.
They all went quiet and watched the cup fly into the field behind them and smash. Tom started laughing and Sam stood and shouted “OooooooH Sarah that was one of my mum’s best cup’s you’ve just broken!” 
“Don’t blame me! You shouldn’t have been so into your story that you forgot you had it in your hand. Your mum will know it wasn’t me.” She protested.
“Why do you think that?” He asked at her all serious. “I’m her son, she’ll always believe me,” He smirked at her. 
“She’ll know it wasn’t me because A) I don’t lie and B) she likes me more than you.” She said with a grin.
“I wouldn’t go that far darling.” He said joking with her and then kissed her on the lips whilst she playfully smacked him on the chest. 
His mum come over and noticed the missing cup. “Sam where’s your cup and I’ll fill it up?’ She asked. 
“Sarah threw it in the field and it smashed.” He said grinning.
Ann looked at him, giving him a look of ‘I know full well it was you’ look’ and Sarah laughed. 
“Yes it was him Ann.” She said laughing at Sam, ‘See your mum knows when you’re talking poo. He was trying to use me as an escape goat and blame me.” Sarah told her. 
Ann put her hand over her mouth to hide her smile, then Sarah heard Sam and Tom making a spluttering and snorting sounds so she looked up to see them killing themselves with laughter. 
“What are you laughing at? What have I said now?” Sarah asked.
“Oh Sarah my beautiful lady,” Sam said pulling her into a hug, “It’s scapegoat not escape goat.’ He said laughing.
“Oh! Well same thing.” She said laughing too.”You know what I’m like.”
 They continued the afternoon having fun and catching up with what they have been doing over the last nine years and learning about Ellie until after tea when Tom broached the subject of Scott. The whole table went quiet and Sarah could feel Sam tense up.
“So, we can’t put this off anymore, the sooner we discuss it and get it out of the way….” Tom started.
“Why do we need to discuss it, if that arse comes near Sarah or Ellie I’ll knock his lights out.” Sam said.
“Sam, just listen to your dad.” Sarah said cuddling up to him.
Sam sighed and put his arm around Sarah whilst nodding to his dad.
“So, here the thing I need to ask you Sarah. Do you want to press charges against him or are you happy with him moving away as long as he never contacts you?” Tom asked looking at Sarah.
“WHAT?” Sam shouted. “No way, he’s not getting…..”
“Sam!” Sarah interrupted, “Please let me answer?” Sarah doesn’t wait for him to answer her she just carries on; “Here’s what I want. I want him to move away but I understand he will be at family events which I have no problems with” Sam tried to say something but she put her hand over his mouth.”It happened along time ago and I don’t want things to be awkward for you two as he is still your son. However until Ellie is eighteen I don’t want him near her and I want Sam to have parental responsibility for her incase anything happens to me and so he can become her father.” She felt Sam’s shock at what she said but she doesn’t look at him. “BUT and a very big but, if, when Ellie is eighteen she decides that she wants to forgive Scott and get to know him, I want us to support her as we are all entitled to know the people who brought us into the world.” Sarah sat and looked at everyone, then slowly moved her hand away from Sam’s mouth. “Please don’t get mad?” She whispered.
Sam grabbed her face and kissed her. “You really want me to be Ellie’s father?”
Sarah nodded. “She’s come to look at you like a dad anyway and I thought we were planning on being together for ever anyway so why not?” She smiled at him.
Sam smiled back at her and kissed her deeply until his dad coughed. Sam pulled away from Sarah and looked at his dad.
“Sarah, you’re an amazing young woman, I’d like to thank you for being so understanding at how hard it would be for us having to make difficult choices at family affairs. I assure you Scott will not bother you anymore.” Tom said. 





10
A couple of days later, Alexia and Tracy were at the studio having a meeting about a performance at a local show whilst James, Sam and Matt have a meeting about some fights coming up at the club, so Sarah has offered to go pick the kids up from school as she hated meetings. 
Ben, Amber and Ellie were sat at the kitchen table doing their homework and talking about how cool it would be to live in an igloo when Sarah came back into the kitchen from putting the ironing away.
“Hey guys, you sound deep in conversation. What you talking about?” She asked.
“We are talking about how cool it would be to live in an igloo.” Ellie said.
“No it would not!” Said Amber, “It would be too cold, how would you be able to go to the toilet? Surely your wee would freeze before it hit the toilet.” She said laughing.
“Amber you can be so simple sometimes.” Ben said laughing.
 “You know what I’ve always wondered,” said Sarah, “how come Eskimos haven’t turned into icy-cubes…like Ice people? And when they die where do they go because surely they can’t be buried under the grass like we do. It’s a whole new world this Eskimo world, it really is.” Sarah said shaking her head and walking into the utility room leaving the kids looking at each other laughing.
“Sarah you’re so funny, are you sure Amber’s not yours?” Ben said as James, Sam, Alexia, Matt and Tracy walked into the kitchen.
“Hi.” They all said at the same time. Sam walked over to Ellie and kissed her on the head then walked over to the fridge to get everyone a beer, whilst James and Alexia walked over to say hello to Ben and Amber.
“What you lot doing? What you laughing at and why would Amber be Sarah’s?”Asked Sam.
“We are laughing at mum. We are doing our homework and Amber has just said something simple that mum would come out with,” Said Ellie laughing.
“Why, what has she done and said now?” Asked Sam laughing as he took a long drink of the cold beer, leaning one hip on the corner of the counter looking at them. James, Alexia, Matt and Tracy laughed at them and sat down in the conservatory area so they can talk to the kids. 
Sarah walked back into the kitchen from the utility room. “Hi baby,” she said walking up to Sam and kissing him. “We were just talking about living in an igloo and Amber wondered how they went to the toilet without their wee freezing and I wondered how come Eskimos haven’t turned into icy-cubes….like Ice people and when they die where do they go? They can’t be buried under the grass like we are.”
Sam just looked at Sarah like she has lost her mind and then kissed her on the forehead whilst the others just laughed.
“So what are we doing tonight?” Asked Alexia, “I think after those meetings we should get a takeaway and chill with a movie.” 
“Yeah good idea, and whilst we are all together we need to sort out when us three go to LA.” James said.
“WHAT?” Sarah, Tracy and Alexia said together, “You’re going to LA?”
“Yep, I’ll explain later.” Said James.
They helped the kids finish there homework and then ordered their food, they guys go out to collect it as they want to get some more beers so the girls get everything ready whilst the kids chose a movie. 
They finish their meal and the kids played whilst they all talked about their meetings.
“So, what’s this about LA?” Alexia asked.
“Someone called Gary Person has heard of me and wants to fight me and his brother wants to fight Sam over here when they come over in a few months time. They are just trying to put everything together to give us dates.” James replied.
“And when do you go to LA?” Sarah asked.
“In two weeks time.” James replied.
“James! You have a fight next week, don’t you think that’s two soon?” Alexia says.
James ran his hand up and down her back, “It will be fine, the sooner it’s done the better,” he smiles at her. “How about your meeting?”
“Yeah it was good. It was mostly sorting out performances for Christmas because there are twenty five places that want us to perform when they turn their Christmas lights on. So we had to sort out dates and times for all that, luckily it gets dark at like four o’clock in winter because I think we have three performances in one night. Then there were three head teachers there who want us to perform at their Christmas fairs. So November and December are crazy.” Alexia said.
“Wow,” said James, “Well done baby, we are all so proud of you ladies.” He smiled and kissed her whilst Sam and Matt agreed.
For the next two weeks they are all run off their feet, with the guys preparing for James’s home fight as well as his fight in LA and getting their stuff organized for it. 
The girls had staff meetings, planning meetings and any other kind of meetings people wanted. They had to cram in as the guys were going to be away for a good few days so they were going to be off.
A few days before the guys left Tracy, Alexia and Sarah went shopping for food and snacks as they had arranged to have tea at each other houses, one each night followed by a movie. And they also needed to collect a few bits for the guys to go away.
The day before Sam was due to leave he, Sarah and Ellie went out for tea at the local restaurant and then went home, played a quiz and ‘Just Dance’ on the Wii before it was time for Ellie to go to bed. Sam and Sarah sat downstairs and cuddled whilst watching TV with a cup of tea when Sam whispered in her ear, “Let’s go for a shower.” Sarah looked up at him and grinned, they locked up downstairs and went up to their en-suite, checking Ellie was asleep on the way.
Sam playfully dragged her into the bathroom and closed the door. He reached up to turn the shower on and then looked back at Sarah who had taken her clothes off except her black lacy underwear. He looked deep in her eyes and went one better by totally stripping in front of her. She stood there and bit her bottom lip looking at him for a few seconds before he grabbed her and slammed his mouth to hers, their kissing deep and urgent as he stripped her of her underwear and then picked her up causing her legs to wrap around his waist as he took them both into the shower and pushed her up against the wall.
Sam pulled back and looked at Sarah whilst they both caught their breath. Sarah slowly put her feet down, sliding down his body and took him in her mouth whilst never breaking eye contact. She slid her mouth down his cock as far as she could then as she pulled back she flicked the end with her tongue whilst she watched Sam as he closed his eyes and threw his head back and whispered, “Fuck!”
She smiled to herself that she could have that effect on him and carried on sucking and moving faster and harder until Sam grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled her head backwards to stop her. “Baby, stop I don’t wanna come in your mouth,” he begged.
Sarah stood up and wrapped her arms and legs around him then lowered her mouth to his ear, “Sam baby, fuck me hard now!” She begged.
Who was he to deny his gorgeous woman, especially when she was begging him. They both found their release together under the hot cascade of the shower. They spent a few minutes catching their breathe before getting dried and into bed where they spent the rest of the night in each others arms. It was at that point that Sam made his mind up, he was going to propose to Sarah. He just needed to work out when and how.










11 
Sarah and Sam’s side of the Alexia and Tracy shooting:
It was the morning after James, Sam and Matt have gone to LA and Sarah was getting Ellie ready for school when Tracy came walking into the kitchen, she ended up staying at Sarah’s house due to drinking to much wine.
“Good morning hunny,” Sarah said brightly. “Didn’t think you’d be up so early.”
“I wasn’t planning on being up this early,” she pulled a face, “but Matt rang me. So I thought I’d come and take Ellie Belly to school with you.”
They got to school and met Alexia with Ben and Amber. Alexia took one look at Tracy and laughed.
“Oh hunny, you look rough.” She giggled.
Tracy looked at her and mouthed “fuck off” to her.
“Now, now you’re in a school playground.” She laughed.
Tracy huffed at her before speaking. “Are you two goons coming to my house for tea and cake?”
“Yeah I just need to pop home and sort the laundry out and have a quick tidy up so I’ll be there in about an hour.” Alexia said.

Two hours later Tracy had just finished making a drink for her and Sarah when her phone rang. “Hello.” 
“Hi Tracy.”
“Hi James, how’s it going?” Tracy said whilst looking at Sarah who playfully rolls her eyes but she loves the fact that this macho man who most people are afraid of can be brought to his knees by Alexia.
“Erm...I’m not sure at the moment, is Alexia with you? I’ve been trying to call her and she’s not answering.”
“No she said she was going home just to sort the laundry out and have a quick tidy up. Then she was coming to join me and Sarah for coffee. Oh and that she would be an hour, but that was at school drop off. Want us to run round and check?”
“Yeah please, it maybe nothing, she might have the vacuum on or just gone shopping and forgot her phone, she’s been really forgetful lately.”
“Oh, she’s not pregnant again is she?” She laughed. “We’ll go round now and I’ll give you a ring back.”
“Thanks Tracy.”  James said.
Sarah was sat in the garden when Tracy wondered out. “Hey Sarah, James can’t get hold of Alexia so I said we’d pop round to check on her.”
“That man worries too much, it’s really sweet actually, they really were made for each other.” Sarah grinned. “Well we best go see what she’s up to.” She jumped up and helped Tracy lock up before getting in the car.
When they pulled up they could see Alexia’s car. “Well she’s here. I bet she’s left her phone in the car the silly doughnut.” Sarah joked but as they get out they heard a loud bang that made them instantly panic.
“Oh shit!” Sarah thinks to herself. 
“What the fuck was that?” Tracy said looking at Sarah with worry etched on her face, then they heard Alexia scream and they ran towards the door. “ALEXIA!!!!!” They shouted and screamed as they ran inside following the screams. They ran into James’ office and stopped dead as they saw Rachel with the gun. “Oh Shit! Sarah thought to herself. She then let her eyes wonder around the room until they land on Alexia who is laid on floor screaming whilst holding her shoulder and blood was everywhere. “OMG, Shit, Crap……Oh god Sam where are you?” As she was trying to absorb what she saw before her, she noticed Tracy run at Rachel, “Tracy NO!” Sarah screamed but it was too late, Tracy had already grabbed her and was tackling her to the floor. 
“Oh fuck!” Sarah shouted as she quickly dragged Alexia out into the front room, grabbing the house phone as well and calling for an ambulance.
“999 what’s the emergency please?” 
Sarah was trying to control her panic but managed to get out, “I need an ambulance...my friend...she’s been shot, she’s bleeding badly. I need the police to...the armed person is still in the house.” Just as she finished the sentence two more shots went off. “OH MY GOD! TRACY!!! Come quickly….please hurry.” She screamed. 
“Ok, Miss I need you to calm down, the police are on their way and will be with you in less than a couple of minutes. The ambulance is right behind them.” Said the person on the end of the line.
“Oh god, I can’t believe this is happening.” Sarah cried as she waited for the ambulance and police trying to compress Alexia’s bleeding. The office door opened and she froze, “Rachel!” She looked over to see Tracy dragging herself out holding her hip where she’d obviously been shot. “She’s gone.” Tracy whispered. 
Sarah ran over to her. “Oh my god,” she shouted into the phone, “both my friends have been shot,”
Sarah heard the ambulance and police pull up and ran to the door, “Please my friends are in there, they have both been shot.....the armed person is in the office but she’s dead.” The police go in first and check the area is clear before they allow the ambulance staff to go in.
Sarah grabbed her phone and barely managed to tap the screen from shaking, she found Sam’s number and pressed to dial, covering the screen in blood. 
******
Sam was sat in James’ room along with Matt when he felt his phone vibrating. He looked at the screen and smiled when he saw it was Sarah.
“Hey baby.” He says knowing instantly something is very wrong.
“SSSSSam?”
“Sarah? What’s the matter baby?” He says with concern in his voice as he sat up straight and looked at James and Matt, who have immediately focussed all their attention on Sam. 
“A-Are M-M-Matt a-a-a-a-a-n-d J-J-James with you?” 
“Yes, baby please tell me what's going on, you’re scaring me. Hold on I’ll put you on speaker.”
Sarah broke down in tears again as she tried to tell them what has gone on. “Rachel (sniff) shot Alexia and Tracy, (sniff) blood everywhere, (sniff) office smashed, (sniff) Rachel dead....” She sobbed.
The guys looked at each other with fear in their faces.
“Sarah, are they alive?” A strangled voice said, she couldn’t work out who it was but she didn’t have time to think.
“Yes but Alexia has been beaten really badly and shot in the shoulder and Tracy has been shot in the hip.” She said trying to calm herself down long enough to continue telling them, “we are still at the house, the police and ambulance have just got here, I’ve come out to phone you.”
“Sarah tell me everything you know.” James said and she could hear the fear in his voice. 
Sarah told them what she could and stayed on the phone with them until it was time to go to the hospital, she promised to keep them updated.
**********
Sarah was sat waiting to hear some more news about Tracy and Alexia. She knew the guys were trying to get flights back to them as soon as possible so she texted Sam for an update.  
‘What time are you back in the UK?’
‘We were just going to work that out but since our heads are everywhere but here it’s not going to happen. Are you ok baby? I know it’s a silly question.’ 
‘I’m ok at the moment but I’m still…..I don’t know, Buzzing? It will hit me when I relax so prepare for tears. Ok let’s try and work out when you’re back, I need you. What time is your flight?’
‘We can get a flight at eleven o’clock.’
‘It’s twelve pm here now and you’re five hours behind us, So your flight in English time is at four pm and how long is the flight?’
‘About eight hours.’
‘OK so you’ll be landing here around midnight. I’ll ask Tony to come get you as my car is at Tracy’s. Oh hang on the doctors coming, phone in a mo.’
The doctor approached her with an update of Tracy and Alexia and when he finished she phoned Sam.
Sam is pacing the room waiting to hear from Sarah when his phone started ringing. “It’s Sarah.”  He tells Matt and James who are sat in silence. Sam answered it on speakerphone so James and Matt could hear what’s being said.”Babe, what’s going on?”
“I’ll start with Tracy, they have removed the bullet and she will have to stay in for few days but when she is allowed to go home she will need to rest. The doctor said she is lucky as it missed any important areas and she will still be able to have children. She shouldn’t have any problems with walking and dancing once it’s all healed.” She hears Matt’s sigh of relief as he dropped to his knees with relief. 
“What about Alexia?” James asked with pain in his voice. 
“Alexia is on her way to the operating theatre so they can remove the bullet from her shoulder and put a wire in her jaw too as it’s broken. She has also suffered a head injury from where Rachel hit her and has a black eye. The doctor said there is no damage to her head but there will be a bump and it will be sore for a few days, other than that it’s just bruising.” 
“FUCK,” James shouted, “I can’t believe this has happened whilst we’re away.” 
“I’ve phoned Tony and he is on his way and my mum has picked up Ellie, Ben and Amber early from school and taken them to mine, I was going to go and get some stuff for them but I don’t want to go by myself.”
“No don’t go by yourself, we will go when we get back.” Sam said.
“Sarah....you’re a star,” James said, “Thank you and you’re right not to go by yourself.”
“Just doing what any sister would.” She said because that’s what they were to each other.
*********
Over a period of a few hours, Tony arrived at the hospital and Sarah filled him in and asked him about going to get the guys but he wanted to stay with Alexia, plus he really didn’t want to be in a car with them after what they did to him, even though he’d forgiven them for the sake of the girls, and that was only because he could see that each couple were deeply in love with each other and knew the girls could put them back on them straight and narrow. 
Sarah agreed to drive Tony’s car to go and get James, Matt and Sam and whilst she was in the airport waiting for their flight to come in the events of the day hit her and she started feeling really emotional. She tried her hardest to keep it in but when she heard the flight announcement she walked over to where she the guys would be heading out and few tears slipped out. She tried to focus on the door and Sam was the first one out. They spotted each other instantly. Sarah broke down unable to move and he ran to her and grabbed her in a hug and held her tight against him. Sam calmed her down and she greeted James and Matt with a hug to, Sam insists that he will drive them back to the hospital so she can talk to them.
When they got to the hospital, James and Matt ran in so Sam pulled Sarah to one side, into a hug to hold her tightly.
“Oh god baby, I’m so sorry I wasn’t here for you.” He says.
“It’s not your fault babe, Rachel must have been watching or someone must have told her.” She said holding on to Sam for dear life.
Sam moved his hands to her face and made her look at him. “I’m never leaving you again, do you hear me? We have all agreed that if we can’t take you and the kids then we are not going.”
She nodded and they kissed before going into support Matt and James.


















12
A couple of months later Alexia and Tracy have completely healed, they decided that they fancy a small shopping trip to look at baby stuff as Alexia and James are expecting twins again and the men go to the fight club for a workout.
As the girls head to a big well known baby store and they are all in their element shopping for babies.
“So do you think you and Sam will have more Sarah? And what about you and Matt Tracy, do you think you two will have any?”
“Yeah Sam wants three more,” Sarah answered,”but he wants to do it right and get married first, to which I am still waiting for the question.”  She pulled a face then looked at Tracy.
“Yeah me and Matt want kids, we want two.” Tracy answered.
Alexia managed to buy everything she needed for the babies and Sarah and Tracy end up buying baby stuff for her too. They all agreed to go the coffee shop next door for lunch so Sarah ran all their shopping bags back to the car.
Sarah went out and looked around the car park before reaching her car and putting the stuff in the boot, she stood there and waited for Tracy and Alexia when someone comes up behind her, grabbed her and started dragging her. She struggled and tried to scream but the person covered her mouth.
“GET IN THE CAR!!!” A man shouted at Sarah as she struggled against him and managed to move her mouth away from his hand.
“HHHEEELLPPPPP!!!!!” She screamed.
Alexia and Tracy are just getting coming out the store when they heard Sarah scream, they look up just in time to see her get dragged into a van. Quickly thinking Tracy tries to memorise the number plate as they try to catch up before it drives off. Sarah had dropped the keys to her car so they jumped in and started driving after the van. Tracy drove as Alexia rang James.
“Hi ba…..”
“JAMES! Sarah’s been kidnapped, we are following the van.”
“What! Where are you?” James jumped up, grabbed his keys and looked at Sam. Sam instantly knew something has happened to Sarah. James is trying to listen to Alexia tell him that they were heading for the motorway but at the same time Sam is in his face asking what’s happened to Sarah.
“Sam, I’m trying to listen mate.” James said. “Alexia baby carry on.”
“They are heading to the motorway but we are coming toward the fight club, we should be passing you in about five minutes. There in a black Mercedes van, new reg.” Alexia said.
“OK, hold on.” James said has he walked out with Sam and Matt following, “someone has kidnapped Sarah, they are in a black Mercedes van, new reg and they’ll be coming past here in about five minutes.” They get in the car and pull into position to follow when it goes by. “Alexia when they come by flash us and we’ll take over, you and Tracy stay here at the club, don’t argue with me on this baby, you’re pregnant.” James says knowing what Alexia’s like.
“Yeah and you’re both still recovering from been shot, so don’t you start either Tracy.” Matt shouted.
Alexia and Tracy have a little huff but both agree. As they are coming up to the fight club they could see James’s car and flash him to go, he turned out as they turn in.
“Wow, did you see the look on their faces? I’d hate to be on the other end on them.” Alexia said.
Tracy laughed, “Yep me too, but don’t you think they’re even more sexy when they are like that.”
Alexia laughed in agreement and they went and sat in James’s office and waited for some news. 
**
James, Matt and Sam followed the car but as they entered the motorway they fall behind a bit, they saw them pull off the next exit but when they reach it they can’t see the van, James drove round the roundabout whilst Matt and Sam looked down each exit to see if they can see them and as they come up to the third one, James catches it out the corner of his eye going down a dirt track.
“There it is.” He said pointing at it whilst he turned down to follow it.
There are a lot of empty buildings along the track and they try to watch them as best they can from a distance and through the dust the van is throwing up, luckily hiding them too. They saw them turn down what they thought was the first turning but when they get there it’s not.
Sarah sat in the back of the van with her hands tied.
“Please, let me go.” She cried.
“No can do, I’ve been sent to get you and bring you here, just following orders.” The man said.
“By who?”
“Scott” He said as he pushed her toward the door.
Sarah rolled her eyes and walked through the building door into an empty room where there is one chair and one table, the man took her to it and made her sit down then ties her to the chair.
“I’ll just go and get him.” He said as he walked off.
“Hello Sarah, how are you?” Scott said to her. 
Sarah rolled her eyes, took a deep breath and ignored him 
“Now now Sarah, I know you have better manners than that, I asked how you were.” He said.
She sat and just glared at him but still didn’t answer, so he walked up to her and slaps her across the face making her scream.
**
James, Sam and Matt pulled up and decided to walk round to see if they can find the car or hear Sarah, when they came to the fourth row of buildings they spot the van at the same time they heard Sarah scream.
“Over there.” Said Matt.
Sam went to run over but James stopped him. “No, we need to go careful or they might hurt her more, follow me.” He said as he started walking over to the building whilst looking around.
**
Sarah looked at Scott with tears in her eyes. “Oh look at the poor lady, she’s crying,” Scott snarls at her, “now answer my question.”
“I was ok until I saw you, you piece of shit!” She spat at him.
“Now listen here you stupid little girl, don’t you dare call me a piece of shit! This is all your doing!”
“Mine? Why?”
“Because I told you never to tell anyone our secret Sarah and you did.  You told your boyfriend, my brother. Then Sam and his two friends thought they could come and threaten me and beat me up and get away with it. Well Sarah they were wrong and you’re going to pay for that!” He said.
“What do you mean? What are you going to do?” She asked and as she stared at him she noticed three heads pop up at the window behind him and disappear. She stared to relax knowing who it was but she wasn’t expecting Scott to punch her in the face and knock her flying back on her chair.
“I’m going to get MY daughter and she is going to come and live with me! If you think I’m handing my rights as a father over to him your wrong!” He said kicking her in the chest.
Sarah cried out in pain, her head was spinning but she could vaguely make out some sort of scuffle going on and men’s voices shouting.
“No that’s were your wrong! You’ve made a lot of mistakes and now you’re going to pay!” James’ voice boomed. 
Sarah felt Sam on the floor with her and heard words spoken by him but couldn’t get her head straight to actually hear what he was saying to her. The next thing she knew she was being lifted off the cold stone floor. 
She looked over and saw James and Matt over Scott on the floor. 
“You see Scott not only did you rape one of our best friends, but you ignore our first warning to you. Clearly that message got lost somewhere in translation but now you’re stupid enough to think you can get one up on us and not only kidnap Sarah but threaten and beat her.” Matt looked at Scott, shook his head and tut’s, “You’re a very silly man Scott.”
Sam carried Sarah to the car and climbed into the back seat with her to check her over. She gets her focus back and sobs into his arms while he kisses and comforts her, his blood still boiling. They heard a loud cry from Scott, but it’s another few minutes before James and Matt come out of the building. As they get into the car, Sam dashes out and runs back inside there. Sarah yells after him but James tells her that he needs to do it, he was so frightened when they were told she was taken and when he saw Scott hit her from the window. She knew he had to deal with it and that was fine by her. After a few moments, Sam got back into the car, his breathing heavy and with blood on his hands. He wiped them off before pulling her into him.
James drove to a quiet area and pulled over to see how Sarah was, he turned round and looked at her face. “I’m taking you straight to the hospital, no arguing.” 
Sarah just nodded at him and cuddled into Sam.











13
They pulled up to the hospital and Sam carried Sarah into the A&E department, he ran up to the reception and looked at the doctor behind the desk.
“Please help me, my girlfriend was kidnapped and beaten up.” Sam said in a panicked voice.
“Ok sir,” the doctor said as he came round the corner and shouted for a trolley. “Ok, what’s her name?”
“Sarah…..please help her.” 
“We will take her into a cubicle and check her over, but sir you need to calm down. If you go and wait in reception I’ll come and get you once I’ve checked her over.”
Sam went to argue but felt a hand on his shoulder, he turned round and looked at James. 
“Come on mate, give them chance to check her over.” James said.
Sam nodded and went and sat with them to wait, although impatiently, pacing up and down. After an hour Sam notices the doctor come round the corner, he stood up and waited for him to come over when his eye catches Sarah following just behind him. Sam jogs quickly over to and pulled her into a gentle hug whilst James and Matt join them to hear what the doctor says. 
“Well good news, as you can see she’s going to be fine, nothing is broken but she is going to be badly bruised which will come out more over the next few days. I recommend bed rest for a couple of weeks with a small amount of exercise.” Sam looked at her with a smirk and the doctor notices. “Yes that should be fine as long as Sarah is not in pain,” he smiled knowingly causing Sarah to go red. “Ok she’s all yours.” 
They all thanked the doctor and Sam carried her out to the car. James phones Alexia to tell her and Tracy to meet them at Sarah’s. When they got there Alexia and Tracy ran into the house and up to Sarah sat in a chair.
“Oh my god, are you ok? You nearly made me give birth early.” Alexia said making Sarah giggle but she soon stopped with the pain, Sam stood up watching Sarah as Alexia said, “Oh god, sorry I didn’t mean to make you laugh.”
“No, its ok I wasn’t expecting it to hurt so much,” Sarah said smiling then looked at Sam, “Sit down baby I’m fine.”
“I’ll run up and get some stuff to make you up a bed on the sofa so you can lie down.” Sam said.
“Yeah I’ll go make everyone a drink.” Tracy said. 
“I’ll help, I’ll find the cake!” Alexia said, causing everyone to laugh as cake was her craving and she could eat it all day everyday if they let her.
Once they were all sat down and Sarah had gone over the story of what happened, Sam, James and Matt looked at each other.
“Oh god, what have you three done?” Asked Alexia. 
“What apart from beat the crap out of him do you mean?” Asked James sarcastically. 
“James! Get on with it” Alexia said.
“Well, us three have been talking and there’s some land that has a massive old barn on it that can be converted. We are going tomorrow meet with the planning people and builders about converting it in to three houses for us so that we can be right next to each other so we know you ladies and the kids are safe. We will be hiring security for you as well as putting the best security system in place along with security gates and fencing around the edge of the land. Now we never plan on leaving you again but if for some reason we have to because the kids are too ill to travel or can’t be out of school or whatever then we know that you’re safe altogether.”
Alexia smiles at them whilst Tracy and Sarah looked shocked. “Look guys, you make us feel so special and loved and we know you want to protect us but don’t you think that’s a little over the top?” As she finished the sentence the three of them give her a look.
“I guess that’s a no then!” Said Tracy and Sarah agreed.
Well!, since there’s no budging you guys on it, I guess that just means there’s going to be plenty of shopping trips for us girls.” Sarah said. 
They all thought about that for a moment before the girls grin and the guys groan.
*****
A few weeks later Sarah was pulling her hair out and managed to talk Sam into going to the local pub for tea. When they got there, they ordered what they wanted and then sat down with there drinks.
“So you two,” Sarah said looking at Sam and Ellie, “I had a surprise in the post today and I have it right here for you both.”
She pulled something out of her bag and handed it to Sam so Ellie came and stood next to him so she can see. They opened it up and read it. They gasped and looked at each other. It was the documents to say that Sam now has parental responsibility to Ellie and therefore is now her father.
Ellie jumped up with a big grin on her face. “‘AAARRRGGGHHH you’re officially my dad.” She said throwing her arms around Sam making him laugh.
“Yeah and that means I can now kick your butt and beat your boyfriends up.” He said laughing.
“Oh I never thought of that.” She said pulling an ‘OMG’ face.
Sarah came round and hugged and kissed them both. “Congratulations you two.” She smiled.
“I can’t believe you hid it from us, is this the real reason you wanted to come out tonight?” Sam asked and Sarah just shrugged at him before smiling and nodding. Sam pulled her into a hugged and kissed her.
“Oh yuck, not in public you two please, it’s so embarrassing.” Ellie’s said whilst covering her face with her hands.
Sam and Sarah laughed at her and have another quick kiss whilst Ellie isn’t looking.
“Well since it’s a night for surprises, I think it would be a good night to do mine.” Said Sam.
Sarah looked at him confused and Ellie lowers her hands to look at him.
“What you got plann…… Oh my god!” Ellie exclaimed when she saw Sam pull out a small black box out of is pocket. Sam looked at her and winked at her before looking back at Sarah who still looked confused but her jaw hit the floor when she saw what he had in his hand. Sam opened the box and held it in front of Sarah and she started laughing and crying happy tears whilst looking at it.
Sam took hold of Sarah’s left hand and looked her straight in the eye, “Sarah baby, you are and always will be the love of my life. I never want to live another day without you. Please will you make me the happiest man in the world and marry me.”
“YES!” Sarah cried and threw her arms around him. Ellie jumped up again and wrapped her arms around them both and they all hug.
“Ok, can I text Alexia and Tracy and tell them to meet us at home after we’ve eaten and we can celebrate?” Ellie said.
“Yes my darling daughter.” Said Sam making Ellie giggle.
Ellie got her phone and texted.
 ‘Hi can you all meet us at home about 7.00?’
A – ‘Yeah, is everything ok?’
E – ‘Not sure, but will explain when I see you.’
A – ‘Oh god, are your mum and Sam ok?’
E – ‘Yeah they’re fine, no more questions just meet us at the house ;-)
A – ‘Ok, I’m a little nervous now.’
Ellie giggled as Tracy answered.
T – ‘What you lot done now?’
E – ‘Oh nothing important just need to discuss something with you.’
T – ‘Are you ok?’
E – ‘I think so but I’ll explain when I see you at the house.’
“Ellie, you’re terrible winding them up like that, they’re both gonna be having kittens now.” Sam laughed.
When their food came, Sam gave Ellie a taste of his really hot chilli. As soon as she puts its in her mouth, she blows out a breath because it’s too hot for her, she tried to grab her drink but Sam moved it away teasing her but she just burst into tears and spits it in on the plate. 
“Oh shit, are you ok Ellie?” Sam said feeling guilty and giving her drink back and hugging her.
“Sam, first day as her dad and you make her cry.” Sarah said laughing.
Sam looked at Sarah with guilt and continued hugging Ellie. “I know why don’t we pay and go to the local superstore and get some rubbish and drinks since the guys are coming over and I’ll treat you to those two new tops that wanted.”
Ellie’s little head popped up and she stopped crying and smiled. “Ok thanks Dad.” She said knowing that he’d been waiting for her to say it and they laughed.
“Dad,” Sam said, “That’s sounds wired.” He laughed and looked at Sarah who rolled her eyes at him.
“Don’t be letting her get away with murder or spoiling her just because she cried and called you dad!” Sarah said as she picked up her coat and bag and they walked out to the car.
***
When they pulled up at home Alexia, James, Ben and Amber and Tracy and Matt are there standing on the drive talking. Ellie jumped out of the car and as she ran up to them she shouted; 
“Sam’s my dad!” Waving a piece of paper in the air, “And Mum and dad got engaged!!!” She shouted as she threw her arms round Alexia who was nearest to her.
There’s a series of ‘Oh my god’ and ‘Congratulations’ from everyone and they all hug then go inside to celebrate. 

14
Sarah, Alexia and Tracy are sat at their ringside table waiting for the main fight to begin. Tonight Sam is fighting the brother of the guy James was supposed to fight in LA. Sarah sat in her chair looking round the arena at all the signs for Sam, chuckling at the ones saying ‘Please marry me’.
She then focused her eyes to the entrance where Sam would be walking out of and she wanted to run backstage and tell him not to do it, the thought of him getting hurt is just too much for her to bare. The curtain moves and James and Matt walk out to come and join them when she heard; “Ladies, our men are fit as fuck.” from Tracy.
Alexia has her eyes pinned on James with a smirk. “Absol-fucking –utly.”She agreed.
When James got to Alexia he kissed her and Sarah watched as he ran his hand across Alexia’s stomach, she then looked at Tracy and Matt and Matt had he face buried in Tracy’s neck making her laugh. Sarah smiled, she’s so pleased that they have found each other again and they are all happy. Just then the music started for Rob Persons to come out and she held her breath and stared hard at the entrance, then jumped as she felt a hand on her arm. She looked across and it’s James.
“Don’t worry, he’s gonna be fine. Sam’s a tough guy, It’s takes a lot to take him down.” He said winking at her and Sarah just smiled and looked back at the ring watching Rob jump about.
Then is happened….Sam’s music started playing, she took another deep breath and held it, gabbing James’ hand whilst never taking her eyes off Sam. As Sam got in the ring he went over to his corner and spotted Sarah staring at him and he winked at her. He can tell she’s really nervous but he just shrugs it off and turned to face his opponent. 
After all the introductions, the bell rang and everyone cheered. Sam wasted no time in going straight in with a kick to Rob’s knees, then several punches to his head forcing him to back up to the ring. Sam punched him a few more time whilst he’s up against the cage then knees him in the ribs, making Rob lean forward from the contact, so he grabbed his head in a clinch forcing him to the floor.
Sarah looked over to James, Matt and Tracy who are so into it they’re all shouting things to support Sam. Alexia is stood next to James watching intensively, not saying anything but her facial expressions are really funny. Just then there’s a loud roar from the crowd and Sarah looked back to see than Rob had managed to break away from Sam’s grip and he punched him right in the nose causing blood to fly everywhere. Her heart stopped and she looked at Sam face, he’d seen red. ‘Bad move Mr Rob Person, you’ve pissed him off,’ she thinks to herself.
Sarah covered her face with her hands but watched through her fingers, when she felt Matt pull her in front of him and hug her from behind.
“You can look you know. Watch your man, he’s just about to kick Rob’s arse and win.” He shouted and laughed at her whilst moving her hands from her face. Sarah closed her eyes and screwed her face up and after what felt to her like forever when in reality it was just a few minutes, there’s another loud cheer.
“Sarah look!” Matt shouted.
Sarah opened one eye, looked in the ring and saw Sam had Rob pinned down and he was smiling at her, then the bell rang and everyone immediately started celebrating Sam’s win. Sarah let out her breath and continued to stand amazed at her man, eventually smiling back at him. The crowd and are going wild chanting his name, with people hugging him and slapping him on the back. Sarah and Sam keep there eyes on each other as he stood in the middle of the ring with the ref holding up his arm.
Afterwards they all go back to Sam’s changing room where everyone congratulates him first then Sarah ran and jumped in his arms and kissed him before pulling back and looking at him.
“Sam!” She exclaimed, “Your nose is broken.” She said as she gently ran her finger over it.
“It’s nothing compared to what I did to him baby.” He said with a smile. “Did you enjoy it?” He asked knowing all to well she didn’t watch it as she was too nervous.
“I had my eyes closed for most of it but the bits I saw……no!” She giggled and he laughed at her.
“We’ll go out the bar and get the drinks in and find a table you two.” Said Matt as they all walked out.
Sam looked at Sarah and grinned. “Fancy a quickie? I’m horny as fuck and my cock needs you baby.’
Sarah looked at him and swallowed before smiling. “Hell yeah.” As she stood up and began to strip off, Sam locked his changing room door. He grabbed her and took her over to his sofa and laid her down. For the next half an hour, there’s nothing but cries of passion from them echoing through the corridors. 






15
Over the next several few months, it was nothing but madness, what with James and Alexia getting married and having their second set of twins Jacob and Harriet. To add to it there’s been the guy’s project of converting the barn into their new houses which to everyone’s surprise, has been finished on time. It looked far better then they imagined even though they had been involved from the beginning, helping with the drawings and seeing over the building work. 
The barn had been converted into three five bed roomed houses and when the builders were in the middle of the conversion, James saw another barn at the end of the garden which he ended up buying so they could put in a pool with bar and bbq area built to the side of it. 
In the garden to one side they had a big play area put in for the kids and between the three of them paid for the best security system, security gates, trackers on their phones and cars as well as getting each of the ladies a security guard each to protect them and children if they were to ever go away again, but they weren’t planning on it in the near future as Sam and Sarah were planning to get married in the Maldives.
“Well here you go gentlemen, here’s the keys and everything you need for your new homes. I hope you have many happy memories here.” The contractor said.
“Thank you so much for everything you have done, this place is amazing.” Sam said as he shook the contractors hand to which James and Matt followed.
Sam turned and looked at James and Matt. “Shall we phone the ladies and tell them to come here, they’re gonna be so surprised, their not expecting it to be finished until after the wedding.”
“Great idea, I can’t wait to see Alexia, Ben and Amber’s faces.” Said James. “Jacob and Harriet won’t know any difference.”
“Tracy is gonna wet herself.” Said Matt.
The girls were having lunch together when Sarah’s phone rang.
“Hi baby.” She said smiling.
“Hi, we need you, Alexia, Tracy and the kids to come meet us at the barn.” Sam said.
“Ok, we are just finishing lunch, so give us half an hour.”
“Ok see you soon.” He said. 
Sarah put the phone down and looked at Alexia and Tracy. “We need to go to the barn and meet the guys there.” She said confused.
“Oh, why?” Asked Tracy.
“Oh god, I hope it’s nothing bad.” Said Alexia as she handed Ben, Amber and Ellie a napkin each.
Twenty five minutes later they pulled up in front of the building and the guys were stood there with big grins. As they got out Tracy asked what they were up to.
“Wait and see.” Said Matt, “We need to stand in front of this door.” He said grabbing Tracy and kissing her before taking her to the door.
Sam walked up to Sarah and Ellie and took them to their door. “This is our door ladies.” He said with a big grin.
James walked up to Alexia and kissed her deeply before saying. ”And that only leaves that door, so that must be ours.” He said smiling taking her and Ben and Amber to their door, they all looked confused at each other until the guys unlocked the doors and let them in. There was a long silence as the girls looked round until the penny dropped that it was finished. “Oh my god, they’re finished?!!!!” Sarah shouted in surprise.
“Yeah we are officially neighbours.” Alexia said making Sarah and Tracy laugh then they started singing the Neighbours theme tune. The guys laughed at them.
“So I take it you’re all happy?” James asked.
“YES!” Alexia said running up to him and throwing her legs round his waist and kissing him. “I can’t believe you did this without us finding out.” She laughed and kissed him again before turning round to Tracy and Sarah. “Well sexy ladies, it looks as though we need the week off work to move our stuff in.”
“The staff are going to love us, we are off this week with no notice and then we are off in four weeks time for Sam and Sarah’s wedding,” Tracy said, “maybe I will go in for a few days so we don’t leave them in the lurch!”
“Oh yeah, never thought of that.” Alexia said. “Well if we start moving our stuff in today then we can take a day off each to get sorted, one of us is going be here in the evenings from picking the kids up and the guys will just have to come home early to so between us we can be sorted in a few days.” Alexia said.
“Hang on you three, stop getting your panties in a twist, us three very handsome young men have organised a moving team. They are currently at our houses packing and bringing the stuff over. So you shouldn’t need to take anytime off.” Said James.
“You three never thought of the idea to get a moving team?” Alexia said laughing and winding them up. “Only people with brains come up with fab ideas like that.” She laughed and Sarah and Tracy joined her.
James, Matt and Sam looked at each other with straight faces then to their girls before grabbing them and hurling them over their shoulders to carry them inside laughing.
Sarah playfully smacked Sam on the back. “Hey put me down!” She laughed.
“Why?”
“Because you’re turning me on to the point I can feel my underwear getting wet and Ellie’s here so we can’t do anything about it.” She said trying to wind him up although she was a little turned on.
“Oh Sarah baby, you underestimate me, there’s always a way.” He chuckled and took her up to the bathroom. He placed her on her feet and locked the door, he didn’t say anything he just undid his jeans and let them drop along with his boxers and then lifted Sarah up to sit her on the edge of the bath and as he does so he ripped her underwear off. He ran his finger over her pussy and she takes a sharp breath in and then gasps when he inserts a finger in.
“Uuummmmm you’re right about being turned on, you’re fucking dripping wet for me.” He whispered as he placed himself between her legs before slamming into her hard and kissing her to capture her moans. They find their rhythm and he moved his mouth to her ear.
“You like that baby? You like the feel of my cock in you huh?”
“Yes.” She whispered.”Please don’t stop, that feels so fucking good.”
“Baby, you need to be quick.” He said as he started rubbing her clit. 
“Fuck Sam, I’m gonna……Fuck!” She whisper shouts as her orgasm ripped through her.
Sam gritted his teeth and groaned her name against her neck as he came too. He moved his head to look at her and slammed his mouth to hers kissing her deeply and a little rough.
“You drive me crazy woman, I just want you all the time,” he slapped her on the arse, “get dressed, the others will be looking for us.”
They quickly got dressed and went to finish looking around with their arms wrapped round each other.
****
Thanks to the moving team they were all moved in within a week. Now they had the task of getting sorted for Sam and Sarah’s wedding. Everyone was going for the first week and then leaving to let Sam and Sarah have a week to themselves.
“Oh god, I can’t believe we go away on Saturday and we have so much to do.” Sarah said. “I have meetings all day tomorrow, Wednesday and Thursday so Friday is going to be putting everything in the suitcase. I have three lists and everything laid out on the spare bed so as I put it in I can cross it off.” She laughed.
“Yeah I’ve done that, it makes it so much easier especially with two sets of twins.” Alexia said. “I must admit, I’m really pleased the guys have got their own plane. I can relax a little if the babies cry.”
“I know what you mean although I don’t think anyone would dare say anything to us in fear of the guys anyway.” Tracy laughed.
******
The day of the holiday had arrived and it’s surprisingly calm because over the last week everyone had been busy making sure everything is in place with work and for the wedding. The girls spent a night at each others house to help pack so they knew they hadn’t forgotten anything. That morning they put the suitcases outside for the guys to put in the limo that James had hired.
“Fucking hell you three, it’s a two week bloody holiday, we’re not moving there!”
They turned round to see James standing there and Sam and Matt walking up behind him muttering ‘Bloody hell’ under their breaths.
“Oh shut up moaning, we have an outfit a day plus evening outfits, shoes, sexy underwear, bikinis, shoes, make up, kids stuff……… want the list to go on?” Alexia asked.
“What? You lost me at sexy underwear” Matt said laughing.
“Pervs!” Sarah said.
“Not when it’s your lady it’s not.” Sam said with a grin.
“Anyway before I drag my wife upstairs and shag her senseless after that thought, let’s get all this in the car.” James said as he kissed Alexia.









16
They all arrived at the resort and went to the reception to get the keys to their accommodation. The receptionist handed James and Matt the welcome packs and keys to their Beach Bungalows and Sam the key to an Over the Water Bungalow. Sam looked at the key and back to the receptionist.
“Erm, excuse me.  You’ve given me the wrong key, we have a Beach Bungalow the same as them.” He said quietly and pointing to the guys.
 The receptionist looked at her computer. “Oh, let me just look into that. It seems we have upgraded you due to you getting married here.” She smiled at him.
“Oh,” Sam said shocked, “Well thank you.” He smiled.
“You’re welcome sir, enjoy your stay and good luck with the wedding.”
The guys went back to find the girls and the children so they could go to their bungalows. Sarah wanted to see what theirs looked like so she tagged along with them with Sam muttering under his breath as he just wanted to go lay down and chill. When they got the Beach Bungalows the resort had put them next to each other. As they were identical they all went into James and Alexia’s to have a nose. The girls practically ran to the door as they opened it the gasped. It was beautiful. 
The bungalow was set on stilts over the peaceful lagoon, it was opened planned with sliding doors that opened to their private swimming pool, decked seating area and the beach. In the middle of the room was James and Alexia’s bed perfectly positioned to make the most of the most stunning view. Placed at the end of the bed were the sofa and a TV in the right hand corner so they could see it from all angles. To the left of their bed were two beds and two cots for Ben, Amber, Jacob and Harriet. The resort had also put in a play pen for the Jacob and Harriet too so they knew they would be safe when they had the door open. To the left of the sliding doors was a small kitchen area and there was also a bathroom just as they came in from the front door.
“Wow, this is perfect!” Said Sarah. ”Look they have wireless Internet access, a CD player, a DVD player, Satellite television and a private bar so that’s James and the kids out your hair Alexia.” Sarah giggled.
“Hey, we are on holiday, I wanna be more than in her hair.” James said whilst wiggling his eyes brows making everyone laugh and Ben and Amber pull faces.
“Totally agree with you there James, Holidays are about sun, sea, sand and sex,” he whispered the last word, “and that is exactly what I am gonna do with Tracy now.” Matt said as he walked over to Tracy, picked her up and put her over his shoulder making her squeal.
“Matt!! Put me down, we need to go see Sarah’s room first.” Tracy yelled. Matt groaned and put her down and they all followed Sarah and Sam out to their Over the Water Bungalow.   
Their bungalow had traditional stuccoed walls and a roof of Maldivian thatch. It was decorated with timber floor and had light, airy colours and teak furnishings. It was more or less the same as the others but just right over the water. Sarah opened the sliding doors and looked out to their private decked area furnished with decadent sun loungers and a table for outdoor dining and a swimming pool. She knew she was gonna love going to sleep whilst in Sam’s arms listening to the waves right outside her door.

They all spent the first few days leading up to the wedding just relaxing on the beach as everything was in place. Sam and Sarah were getting married on the Saturday evening so their parents were coming over on the Thursday and going back with James, Alexia, Matt and Tracy on the Monday after and taking Ellie with them.  
Saturday evening had finally arrived. The wedding was on the beach under the palm trees which had lights attached to them. The aisle had been laid out with candles and at the top the candles outlined a circle where they would stand to say their vows with the registrar. 
Sam stood in the circle waiting for Sarah whilst James, Matt, Ben and his parents stood outside the circle. All the men wore a simple white shirt and cream linen trousers.
The music started playing and they all looked round to see Alexia and Tracy stood with Amber and Ellie in front of them walking down the aisle. They all wore a straight lemon coloured strapless summer dress with a frill at the bottom and cream strappy heals. As they got in to place at the brides side of the circle, the music changed to the bridal march. Sam’s heart stopped beating at the sight of Sarah, then started beating really fast with excitement. She was breathtaking. She wore a cream strapless dress that had a lace detail across her breasts and a flower detail in the middle giving it the look as though it was in a knot and they had made the flower out of the overhang of the lace.
Their eyes met as she was walking towards him, both with the biggest smiles on their faces and never taking their eyes off each other until the registrar spoke starting the ceremony. As they exchanged vows there wasn’t a dry eye to be seen. Even the guys subtly wiped tears away. 
“I Sam Knight, take you Sarah Charlotte Woods, to be my wedded wife. To have and to hold, from this day forward, for better for worse, for richer for poorer, in sickness or in health, to love and to cherish 'till death us do part. And hereto I pledge you my faithfulness.” Sam said with a wobbly voice as he tried not to cry.
“I Sarah Charlotte Wood, take you Sam Knight, to be my wedded husband. To have and to hold, from this day forward, for better for worse, for richer for poorer, in sickness or in health, to love and to cherish 'till death us do part. And hereto I pledge you my faithfulness.” Sarah said with tears running down her face and still smiling.
They exchanged rings and the registrar pronounced them husband and wife. As the kissed everyone broke into cheers ‘whooping’ them.
After everyone had congratulated them they went to have the photos done and a long table had been set up on the beach under a gazebo which has been romantically lit up for them to sit and have their meal. 
As Sam and Sarah were having their first dance they looked up to the sight of Jacob and Harriet running passed them with Ben and Amber running after them to take them back. They both laughed at them then Sam put his mouth to Sarah’s ear and whispered, “So when do we get to start trying for a baby? I think we should spend the next fortnight practising.” He smiled against her neck.
“Well about that, there’s something I need to tell you.” She whispered back and she felt him go sniff a little, he pulled back and looked at her with a little confusion and concern on his face. “Erm…..well…..you see,” she cleared her throat. “We don’t need to try or practise…well we can practise still…..lots,” she giggled,  “because I can give you a baby in about six months.”
Sam stopped dancing and looked at her whilst the penny dropped. When it did he grabbed hold of her shoulders and pushed her back from him and bent a little to look her in the eye. Sarah looked around quickly and noticed everyone looking with concern and Matt and Sam stand up slowly watching them.
“What did you say?” He asked her staring her hard in the eye.
Sarah looked at him and managed to squeak out, “I’m pregnant.” She chuckled nervously looking out the corner of her eye at Alexia and Tracy when all of a sudden Sam takes her by surprise by lifting her up and spinning her around whilst he laughed, then put her down on her feet and kissed her.”
“I’m really going to be a dad?” 
“Yes.” She laughed.
He kissed her again and then looked up and noticed the music had stopped and everyone was looking at them with concern. He stood up straight and shouted to everyone. “I’m going to be a dad!!!!!” He and Sarah laughed and they watched everyone breathe a sigh of relief and then cheer, walking up to them to congratulate them.
Alexia and Tracy ran up to Sarah and they had a group hug whilst they jumped up and down and screamed like the excited idiots they were. James and Matt went up to Sam whilst shaking their heads and laughing at the girls to shake his hand and give him a man hug to congratulate him.
“LET’S PARTY!!!!!” Sam shouted and everyone cheered, he grabbed Sarah playfully and pulled her close to him and James and Matt did the same with Alexia and Tracy making them all laugh and they all danced the night away.





Epilogue
Sarah and Sam sat in the garden on some loungers, Sam pulled Sarah’s over to be right next to him so he could rub her round heavy stomach. “Not long now baby.” He grinned at her.
Sarah groaned. “Hopefully another two weeks and she’ll be out, if not I’m gonna smoke her out.”
“Baby, don’t groan, it turns me on.” Sam laughed.
“Well why don’t we do something about that?” She gave him a sexy look. “Plus they say the way to get a baby out is to do what got it in there to start with.” She smirked at him.
Sam looked at her for a while before moving quickly and picking her up, he carried her inside to their bedroom whilst kissing her and laid her on the bed. He moved his hand slowly up one of her legs until he reached her pussy, he moved over her underwear and slowly eased a finger in but as he did he got soaked. He stepped back in shock. “What the fuck?” Sarah gasped.
“Oh my god! My waters have just broken.” She looked at him wide eyed. 
Sam looked at her and started to panic. “Oh my god, oh my god. What do I do? What do we need? Is it time to go?”
Sarah grabbed him and took his face in his hands. “Baby, calm down. We have loads of time. Go take a shower and clean up and ill shout Alexia and Tracy to come help get the stuff in the car and get Ellie.”
Sam nodded in a daze but went for a shower. Now this was the good thing about them all living in a converted barn with an open garden because Sarah stood at her back door and shouted down to Alexia and Tracy.
“Tracy! Alexia!” Both of there heads popped round at the same time “My waters just broke, can you come help me get ready.”
“OH MY GOD.”  They both shouted excitedly together as they ran to Sarah, causing Matt and James to look out the door.
“What’s up?” Asked James.
“Waters broke.” They all said as they went into the Sarah’s house to get things sorted. Matt and James came into.
“Where’s Sam?” Matt asked.
“He’s in the shower because he got covered with my waters.” Sarah said going red making Tracy and Alexia gasp and then laugh.
“Yeah I would advise never to go down there when your woman is nearly due.” Sam said with a chuckle as he walked into the kitchen making everyone laugh. 
After everything was sorted they all stayed with Sarah until it was time for her to go which turned out to be 14 hours later. By the time Sarah and Sam got to the hospital Sarah was already pushing, Sam ran in and shouted for help. A doctor and a couple of nurses ran out with a bed and when they got to Sarah just as the babies head was already out so the nurse ran in and got some privacy screens and got some one to prepare a room so they could go straight in.
Five minutes later Sarah ended up giving birth to their daughter in the back of Sam’s car. They put them straight on to the bed and took them into a nice warm room to check them over. 
“Ok, here’s your baby girl, congratulations to the both of you.” The doctor said whilst handing over the baby to Sarah. “That is one birth that I will never forget, you hear about these things but never expect them to happen to you.” He laughed before leaving.
“Well little lady, you make us wait fourteen and a half hours and then fly into the world in the car.” Sarah giggled.
Sam looked at them both and kissed Sarah deeply and then kissed his daughter on the head. “Thank you for our daughter.” He smiled and kissed her again. “We should think of names but first if I don’t phone our first daughter she will be pissed.” He said taking out his phone and dialling the number.
“Dad!” Ellie almost shouted down the phone with excitement.
“She’s here! Your mum ended up having her in the back of the car.”
“No way!” Ellie exclaimed and laughed before shouting to everyone else. “She’s here and mum had her I the back of the car!!”
“OMG.” Alexia shouted.
“Are they alright?” Tracy asked.
They were so loud that Sam heard them, “Ellie put me on speaker phone please hunny.” Ellie fiddled with her phone. “There you go dad.”
“Hi everyone.” He said.
“CONGRATULATIONS!!!!” They all shouted.
Sam and Sarah laughed. “She’s here and gorgeous just like her mum, Sarah ended up having her in the back of the car and everything is fine, so they said we can come home in four hours so we are trying to think of names whilst we wait.”
“Awww we can’t wait to see her and hold her.” Alexia said “Aawwww I’m getting all broody. I want another baby.”
“OOOOKKKKKkkk.” Said James. “Congratulations you two and we will see you when you get here, we’ll go freshen up your house and have the kettle waiting for when you get back.” He hung up leaving Sam and Sarah laughing and Alexia pouting.
Sarah went for a shower and got dressed then got the baby dressed, they got everything together and Sam went to everything out to the car and Sarah put the baby into the car seat. When Sam came back Sarah was sat in the chair rocking the baby, he walked up to her, took her face in his hands and kissed her deeply, both of their tongues invading each others mouths and a after a few minutes he pulled away and looked at her.
“I love you so much baby.” He said.
“I love you too.” She smiled. “We had better get this baby home before Ellie, Alexia and Tracy come here and kick the door down.” she laughed.
Sam grabbed her hand and helped her up and picked up the baby and took them out to the car. As they pulled into the drive they saw Ellie with her face in the window, when she realised it was them she jumped up and was gone in a flash, Sam and Sarah laughed at her as she quickly appeared at the door ready to run out to them. As they stopped Ellie ran straight the back of the car and opened the door to look at the baby, Sarah got out of the car and giggled.
“Hello to you to my baby girl, let me get my other baby girl out and inside then you can have a cuddle.” Sarah said proudly.
They all walked in and Tracy and Alexia were just pouring the tea and sorting the biscuits. Everyone said hello and hugged them as they congratulated them then they went into the front room for cuddles.
“So did you decide on a name?” Tracy asked.
“Yes, we decided on Hope Lauren Knight.” Sarah said. 
“Perfect.” Tracy smiled and everyone agreed.



















ABOUT THE AUTHOR


Marie Dominique started writing Forever Love (Released December 2013) whilst on maternity leave this year. Originally it was going to be one book but as she started writing about each of the characters and their stories, she soon realized she was going to have write three books in the series to give each couple their own story.
Now she brings you Sarah and Sam’s story in book two of the Fighter Club Series. 
Marie has twelve years experience in childcare working her way up the ladder from Assistant Nursery Nurse to Manager and now feels it’s time to put her favorite past time to use and hope’s she can give others as much joy with her book’s as some of her favorite authors have to her with their books. Some of her favorite authors are Melody Anne, Sylvia Day, Sylvian Reynard, Ruth Cardello and Molly McAdams to name a few.
Marie lives in the East Riding of Yorkshire with her husband and their two children.     

