

Forget Me Not



P X Duke





P X Duke, Publisher

Copyright © 2019 by P X Duke.


What follows is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental. Places mentioned by name are entirely fictitious and purely products of the author’s imagination, and are not meant to bear resemblance to actual places or locations.


Forget Me Not / P X Duke

ISBN 978-1-928161-43-1




10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2
Forget Me Not

Contents

Read Order for Jim Nash Adventures

1  |  2  |  3  |  4  |  5  |  6  |  7  |  8  |  9

10  |  11  |  12  |  13  |  14  |  15  |  16  |  17

18  |  19  |  20  |  21  | 22  |  23  |  24  |  25

26  |  27  |  28  |  29  |  30  |  31  |  32  |  33

34  |  35  |  36  |  37  |  38  |  39  |  40  |  41

42  |  43  | 44

More  |  About

https://pxduke.com  |  author@pxduke.com
Read Order for Jim Nash Adventures
Pirate Cay
Thrill Kill Jill
Greetings from Key West
Lost Paradise
No Angels
Mexico Gamble
No Picnic
Fallen Angels
Vendetta
A Girl’s Best Friend
Dead End
No Harbor
Dog Days
Startup Blues
Last Stop To Nowhere / End of Nowhere
Revenge Is Justice
Escape
Wedding Bell Blues
Breakdown
Little Girl Lost
Forget Me Not
All the Glitter
Mexico Time

SEASONAL
Trick or Treat
Helping Santa

OTHER
The Snap Brim Fedora Caper
1.
EMMA MAYBERRY’S BREATH left her with a jolt. The cloth she was using to wipe the coffee shop’s countertop slipped from her hand. Could it be? 
Startled, she looked away from the plate glass window, then, in a matter of seconds, returned her gaze. She had to know, but whoever it was had disappeared. She’d be having the nightmare again tonight.
She finished wiping the counter and moved to the tables in front of the window, using them as an excuse. She looked past the glass, scanning in all directions. She finished wiping them down and, satisfied she didn’t recognize anyone, returned to the counter.
Emma used the time before the second rush began to reflect on her good fortune. She was able to realize her dream a year ago when Boots, her father, remarried. It released her from having to care for him since her mother died. She had scrimped and saved for years to have enough for the paramedic course she wanted to take. It meant moving a long way from the peaceful community of Escape in the Colorado mountains.
Now here she was, at long last, in Blue Springs on the Florida panhandle. Three semesters. Twelve months. Almost ready to graduate following the exams that were coming up. When she qualified, she’d be capable of serving in quite a few states where the course was officially recognized. Her decision was already made. She would return to the small town where she was raised and the regional EMT base in Escape.
Her home town was isolated, the only town for mile after mile of both interstate and state highways. Not many cared for such isolation, thus a lot of paramedics came and went when they found out how boring the area was. Recreation was limited unless you were the outdoor type.
Emma didn’t care. She liked her home town. Why leave?
She knew why. A firm in Miami had been made aware of her marks. They contacted her, offering a job upon graduation if she kept her grades up. She was ready to accept, too. All she needed to do before finalizing was to let her father know. That would be the difficult part.
Except. There was always one. She found a boyfriend. Not her first, but not one of many, either. He too was in the paramedic program. They had paired up for training exercises, and discovered they liked spending time together when they weren’t in class.
She considered Danny Williams to be a good soul. Like her, he was from a small town, albeit not so far from civilization as she was in her tiny town in the mountains. He was more fortunate in that a major city was only an hour’s drive away. His parents took him on trips where they went to museums and libraries and city parks. They were all things that were foreign to her when she was a kid growing up.
She liked her job at the local coffee shop in Blue Springs, too. She got to know a lot of the locals and many of the construction workers who moved into town after the hurricane damage. Fortunately, the coffee shop hadn’t been damaged, consequently it became a gathering place where the locals got caught up on gossip concerning the storm and subsequent rebuilding efforts.
She was doing quite well, all things considered. School. A job with flexible hours after classes thanks to her boss. A boyfriend who scuba-dived the local caves and convinced her to become a diver, too.
She was happy with the direction her life was taking.
Emma walked from behind the counter and stood in the open door to the coffee shop. It was another bright, sunny day. She scanned in all directions, looking, looking again, checking. It was nothing.
The woman was in prison. Wouldn’t be getting out for decades. She sighed and shook her head and went back to work.
She checked out of work early, managing to begin her walk home while it was still twilight. Even so, she turned to look over her shoulder, wanting to be sure. By the time she made home, Emma had convinced herself. It was an overactive imagination putting her on edge.
2.
THE FIRST THING Fiona Lubinski desired on the outside was a decent cup of coffee. The second thing she wanted was a good lay. The coffee was just okay, and she set it on the night table and forgot about it while she busied herself with desire number two.
It was going a lot better than the coffee until she was reminded of an old lover. Blackie. In that god-forsaken town. Escape. Blackie had been a good lover, too. Better than she had thought.
It was all behind her now. Don’t even ask how, she told herself as she climbed off and collapsed in a sweaty mess of arms and legs and a tangle of damp sheets. She caught her breath and reflected on her good fortune.
They came for her in her cell. Told her to empty it. Shuffled her off in ankle bracelets. Sent her out the door where she was loaded into a van with a couple of others not as bad off as she had been. She ended up in the resort known as FCI Tallahassee. Why was beyond her.
Life was good in her new accommodations. She kept her mouth shut. Kept her eyes open. Managed to keep her head down and make some friends. That was a new one. Female friends. But the atmosphere in the minimum security facility was good. Most she encountered were looking forward to getting out.
And now here she was, out and about and getting mediocre coffee and a good lay. Life was real good.
She reached for a cigarette on the nightstand. A breast slipped from behind the wrinkled, sweaty sheet. She didn’t care. Her lover was fast asleep, more than likely not up to the task a second time, anyway. She inhaled deeply, needing to smoke it fast to make good her getaway.
She stubbed out the cigarette and sat on the edge of the bed and stretched. Stayed naked in case her one-night stand woke up. Went through the nameless man’s pockets. Found his keys and wallet. Stripped the cash and the credit cards. Tossed them into the bottom of her backpack. Always be prepared, she reminded herself. The cards would be good if she could find someone gullible enough to use them.
She pulled the wrinkled tee over her head. Checked herself out in the mirror before running fingers through damp blonde hair. Pinched her cheeks to get some color going. Her stomach growled. She considered a shower and quickly changed her mind. There was no telling when her newest friend would wake up.
She tugged on snug jeans and slid bare feet into well-worn prison-issue slip-ons. She was good to go.
Fiona cracked the door and observed the parking lot in early afternoon. It was empty but for half a dozen cars.
She pressed the key fob and the lights blinked on a compact white four-door. She collected her bag and prepared to leave the room, then thought better of it and took the man’s luggage, too. She rushed silently to the car on her prison-issue shoes.
3.
THE PHONE CALL from Boots Mayberry came as a surprise. Neither Jim nor Maddie had heard from him since he’d gotten his pup from Lily. Questions were interrupted by Boots not wanting to waste time.
—It’s not like Emma. Usually we talk on Sunday. I’ve tried for the past three days, Jim. It goes to voicemail every time.
—Boots, Maddie just walked in. Hang on while I put you on speaker and update her, okay?
Maddie gave me a worried look before glancing at the phone.
—Is everything all right, Boots? How’s Janine?
—She’s fine, Maddie. Lady is fine, too.
Lady was the chocolate brown pup Maddie and I had made arrangements for him to get from Lily. The pup was from the last of Zelda’s litters.
—Boots says Emma is missing. She didn’t call on Sunday and he hasn’t been able to get in touch since. All his calls go right to voicemail. She’s not answering texts, either.
Maddie’s worried look turned immediately to one of concern. She hesitated before asking.
—Does she have a boyfriend, Boots?
—She does. Danny. But I don’t think—
—They could have gone off together for a bit of a getaway.
—Well Maddie, I’d like to think that, but end of semester exams are coming up. She wouldn’t want to mess that up.
—Yeah, you’re right. I remember her telling me how much she wanted to be a paramedic. That’s what she’s taking, right? Where is she?
—Blue Springs.
—Florida?
Maddie looked at me and slashed a hand across her throat. I put the phone on mute.
—That’s about a seven hour drive, Jim. We can be there first thing in the morning.
I nodded and took the phone off mute to hear Boots talking with Janine about a ticket to Tallahassee.
—We can meet you at the airport, Boots. Let us know what time you get in.
4.
TROUBLE HAD CAUGHT up to Fiona Lubinski in Escape, a small-town dump in the middle of nowhere in Colorado. The town was so small and isolated a blizzard shut the place down for days, trapping her. That wasn’t the worst of it, though.
She was supposed to hook up with someone she didn’t know. The stranger was supplying another car to replace the bullet-riddled piece of junk she and her friend Blackie had used as a getaway from the bank robbery in the city. Long story short, that was when it all went wrong. Blackie ended up shot dead. Thanks to the blizzard, access to the town was cut off.
She rubbed at her arm where the dog bit her. She’d been trying to steal enough cash to get out of town when the roads opened. The scarred bullet wound in her shoulder ached, too.
The damned roads. And the woman driving the snow blower that ate her car and the money in the trunk. The ex cop and his girlfriend who ruined everything. She’d fix them all or else.
She took a final look in the curtained light of the motel room and cast a glance at her most recent conquest still snoring in bed. She eased the door closed. Made sure it was locked. She made for Route 90 in the stolen car. She was careful to keep the speed to two under. Just in case. Now that she was tasting freedom she didn’t want to end up back in for stupidity.
How the hell had she ever gotten into that minimum security place anyway? A mistake with her name? A wrong picture on an ID? Someone took a liking to her? She checked the boxes. It wasn’t likely it was any of the above. And in any case, she didn’t care. All that mattered was that she was free.
She’d robbed and killed and ended up shipped off for twenty to thirty. Parole wouldn’t be coming around until she was middle-aged. If she got lucky. Well, she just got lucky—except for the bad coffee.
Fiona snickered as she slowed to ease onto Route 90 and checked the time. An hour and she’d be in Blue Springs.
5.
WE DROVE INTO the darkness of night, taking turns driving. We stopped often for gas’n’go burritos. The heavy, gas-guzzling Packard needed fuel as much as we did. Relieving and exercising an anxious Friday took up time, too. Every time we mentioned Boots’ name, his ears perked up and he whined recognition of his old fireplace-snoozing friend.
We arrived at the Tallahassee airport early. After feeding and watering and walking Friday, we caught a bit of shuteye in the roomy Packard.
Boots showed with an overnight bag and a chocolate Lab. After grinning handshakes all round, Lady took her time worrying over us and nosing Maddie and I. The dog circled and sniffed and snuffled and shook her body from head to tail. When she finished, she sat down and looked up at her master. Boots grinned and handed over a treat.
—She likes you both, but I already knew she would. I think she smells another dog, too.
—Yes. We brought Friday. Did you know they have the same mother.
A look of surprise appeared on Boots’ face.
—Zelda? Zelda is Friday’s mother, too?
—Yes she is. Unfortunately, Zelda passed away.
—Well I’m sorry to hear that.
Boots reached to scratch Lady’s ears.
—I’d like to water and exercise her. She’s been in close quarters since Denver.
—Not a problem, Boots. Friday could use the same. And we’ve got water and food in the car. It might not be what she’s accustomed to, but if she’s hungry, she’ll eat.
Friday’s ears perked up as he recognized his mistress approaching. He saw the strange dog and went on alert. Maddie opened the Packard’s door and called him out.
—Friday. Boots is here.
As if he didn’t know already. The dog looked up at her.
—And this is Lady.
The dogs sniffed and circled and moved on to sniff at the new people in their lives. Seemingly satisfied, they sat beside their respective masters. Both received a treat for their efforts.
—Friday, Boots is Lady’s master. You ought to remember Boots. He spoiled you rotten in front of his fireplace with pats and rubs and treats.
Boots laughed, remembering their shared adventure, and addressed Friday.
—We can get all caught up, Friday, but I can’t be making Lady here jealous.
We walked to a stretch of grass. The dogs got to know one another as we tossed the lime-green tennis balls back and forth. They chased after them and each other as they got to know one another. They ended up drinking from the same bowl and it seemed to me they would get along just fine.
Boots told us some about his daughter, Emma, and her good marks in the paramedic course. He covered it well, but I could tell he was anxious to get going. Hell, I would be, too.
—Come on, everyone, we’re burning daylight. We need to find a place to stay that isn’t going to cost us all an arm and a leg.
I opened the passenger door on the Packard.
—Climb aboard. We need to find a dog-friendly motel.
Boots sighed, and I pictured him worried about what it was going to cost.
—Don’t worry. We’ll find something not too expensive. With a bit of luck, it might be near an ice cream parlor with dog-friendly ice cream.
Friday barked. He knew what I meant right off. I explained to Boots that my PI license was good in the entire state, as though he might be concerned about it. I asked why he’d brought Lady.
—Well, she knows Emma so well I thought I could walk her around the college and pick up her scent.
Boots held up his hands.
—I know, I know. It sounds silly when I say it, but—
I interrupted, wanting to reassure the man.
—Not at all, Boots. It sounds like a good idea. Once we get settled in, we’ll go straight to the school and make inquiries. Tell us about Emma’s boyfriend.
I added it at the end. I didn’t want Boots to suspect anything out of the ordinary. Or that I thought the boy might be responsible. I liked Maddie’s idea, and I too was pretty sure they’d gone off on a weekend trip and maybe decided to steal an extra day.
—I almost forgot. Janine says hi to you three. She wanted to come too but with the diner business and all—
—It’s probably just as well, Boots.
The more bodies I had to contend with, the harder it would be to do any real work, what with questions I knew would be coming and explanations and planning out loud to make Boots feel included. Bad enough he had his dog along to add to everything else we had to deal with.
Maddie busied herself with her phone and ended up exclaiming a satisfied Yes.
—I found us a doggie motel next to a dog park. I booked us adjoining rooms. And it has a pool. We can all work on our tans.
I checked out the expression on Boots’ face in the rearview. He didn’t look happy. Maddie turned to him and smiled.
—I was only trying to take some of the weight off. I try to do that a lot. You’d better get used to it, Boots.
As though to confirm it, Friday barked. Lady licked her master’s face in sympathy.
I turned us into the motel parking lot. It was nice-looking. Single story. Plenty of grass surrounding the pool and lots of shade for man, woman and animals. An ice machine. A cooler for drinks. The smell of fresh paint wasn’t overpowering. So it was well-maintained, too. Bonus.
—Come on, Boots. We’ll see how much it’s going to cost us.
It wasn’t a bad deal. I asked for a week, and Boots gave me a dirty look.
—We’ll get the better rate, Boots. If we have to, we can check out early and pay for a night or two if that’s all it takes.
I was hoping that was all it would take.
6.
DESTRUCTION. MILE AFTER MILE of it. It was all around her. Had been for the past twenty minutes, at least. Fiona pulled off the road. Stopped the car. Got out and climbed up on the hood and then the roof. Everywhere she looked trees were down. Power lines. The few houses she could see were roofless or scattered kindling.
The hurricane. She’d seen it on TV. Hadn’t realized the magnitude on the small screen until now. She climbed down and resumed her drive, still in awe at witnessing the disaster that had unfolded. She was glad she wasn’t close by when it happened.
A cockeyed sign announced her arrival on the outskirts of Blue Springs. The destruction had followed her all the way. The college town was a mess. Broken buildings. Roofless homes. Collapsed walls. One after another. And then the magnitude hit her. There was almost nothing left but for an occasional whole building, somehow spared and standing proud in its untouched magnificence.
She parked the stolen car on a side street and looked around. The incredible damage brought by the recent hurricane filled her with awe. Trees knocked down. Power lines. Buildings shattered and collapsed. It seemed to be at its worst here. She got out of the car and made for the coffee shop, one of the few buildings she passed on the main drag that was intact.
She looked in through coffee shop’s plate-glass window, wondering if the building was safe. Wanting to check it out before deciding if the coffee would be any good. She placed a hand on the window to block the light for a better view. Did a double take. Looked again.
What the hell? Could it be—?
Fiona hesitated at the window for only a few seconds. She inhaled. Almost gasped. Took time for a quick second look before backing off. She strolled casually off the curb and started across the street. Tried to stay calm and collected. Her measured gait couldn’t get her to the bench across the street fast enough.
The sight line wasn’t direct, but still, she had a good view of the coffee shop. Hastened through a routine that she hoped made her look like a local. She draped an arm over the seatback. Crossed her ankles. Pretended to be interested in the comings and goings on the street. Her head moved from side to side, following half-tons filled with bored teenagers as they drove back and forth.
She wasn’t in a hurry. She had all the time in the world now that she was out of prison—even if she was on the run with a stolen car. She knew now she’d have to dump it, sooner rather than later. Not now. It was too convenient, and besides, she wasn’t a fan of walking or taking a bus.
Fiona dragged a cigarette out of a pack and lit it, inhaling deeply as she considered her options. She turned her attention back to the coffee shop’s huge window. It was difficult to make out the woman working the counter, but it sure did look like her. Memories of the big-city bank robbery gone bad and getting trapped in a blizzard in a small mountain town in the middle of nowhere came flooding back.
7.
MADDIE BROUGHT THE car around and backed up to two rooms on the end fronting the pool. We unloaded and I sat down with Boots and Lady. Maddie went for drinks and ice and we retired beneath shade in the pool area with maps and notebooks and phones at the ready.
The shock at the magnitude of the devastation we’d been driving through finally wore off and we could talk about why we were here. Boots held up his phone.
—I didn’t tell you earlier. Emma sent me a picture after I’d been texting her.
I took a quick look.
—Let me see that, Boots.
I handed the phone over to Maddie. She looked at the phone and then at me and we both weren’t happy. She handed the phone back to Boots.
—Jim? I need to talk to you about the dogs. Right now.
Boots thought he had it figured out.
—Don’t worry, Maddie. You don’t need to worry about Friday and Lady. Lady had one litter and we had her spayed.
She only nodded as I moved off to join her. Content beneath the shade umbrellas, the dogs looked after us and then put us on ignore.
—You saw the hand signal too?
—Yes.
—The boyfriend? Or someone else?
—I don’t know, but obviously Lily shared her hand signals with Emma.
—And not with Boots. What do you think?
—I think we need to get moving right away.
We sat down with Boots and went over strategy. The discussion didn’t take long. Boots would go to the campus office right away and make himself known. Maddie got busy coming up with a map of the school grounds and began sketching it out for him.
—Where was she living, Boots?
He handed over a slip of paper with the address. Maddie checked an online map. It wasn’t far.
—I’ll walk with Friday and take a look. I think it’s time Emma had an old friend visit her for a bit, right, Boots?
It took some convincing, but Boots agreed. He needed to make himself known to the school administration anyway.
—Once I have a look I’ll meet up with you back here.
Maddie gathered her backpack and Friday’s water bottle and headed off.
—Well Boots and Lady—
The chocolate lab looked from me to Boots. Her tail halted its wagging. She snorted and sat, waiting.
—It’s time we went to college.
Boots stroked his dog’s neck.
—It’s time for a car ride, Lady. We’ll see what we can find out about Emma.
Lady’s ears perked up at the sound of the familiar name and she whined.
—Yes, girl, I’m missing her, too. Let’s go, Jim. It’s time.
I found a spot in the parking lot. Boots instructed Lady to wait with me. I powered down the old Packard’s convertible roof. Lady was suitably impressed. I called her out and we made our way to a tree and its shade.
As I suspected, the convertible paid for itself when students making their way across the lot stopped to look over the old girl. It was my plan all along, and having Lady along for the ride didn’t hurt, either. We soon had a small crowd surrounding us as ham-bone Lady did her thing. She was almost as bad as her mother, Zelda.
I used the opportunity to show Emma’s picture. Some knew her as a classmate from her attendance at the EMS paramedic program she was enrolled in. Others had seen her around campus, but didn’t know her personally.
—She hasn’t been around for a couple of days. Have any of you seen her recently?
I learned she had a part-time job in a coffee shop downtown. I took the name and thought it strange that she’d take off. We’d have to check with the manager. By then Lady was having enough of the petting and scratching and was getting nervous for her master. I took us back to the Packard in time to meet up with Boots.
—Did you know Emma started working at a coffee shop downtown?
—No, but she did mention she was looking for a part-time job. We should check it out.
—How did you make out with administration?
—The usual. They know of me from the checks I write for part of her tuition. She’s been getting good grades. I casually mentioned that I hadn’t heard from her for several days. They weren’t surprised. Apparently, it happens from time to time when someone gets a new boy or girl friend. They take off for the occasional extended weekend and show up in a day or three.
—Yeah, except she’s not answering her phone.
—I explained that. It’s quite common too, supposedly. They assured me it will all work out in the end.
—I’m not so sure, Boots. Did you happen to notice Emma’s hands in the photo you showed us?
I told him about Lily’s propensity for all safe or not-safe hand signals. I showed him the picture the girl sent me of once-little Lady and Emma and Janine and Boots and explained what it meant.
—Emma is using both hands in that recent photo, Boots. That alone I find unusual. As you can plainly see, she’s saying she’s not safe times two.
8.
EMMA. THAT’S IT. The woman’s name was Emma. She’d been the one driving the plow. The snow blower. The one who drove into the back of her car and chopped the money to shreds with the blades.
Fiona shivered remembering the cold and rubbed absent-mindedly at her shoulder before picking up her belongings and making for the street. She walked back to the side street and the car and settled in behind the wheel to plot her revenge.
The private detective with the black dog. She had his card somewhere. She also had his bullet-hole scar in her shoulder. His black dog bit her arm and screwed it up. She had a nice scar to show for that, too. What was the woman’s name? She had the hots for the woman’s boyfriend. Maddie. That was it.
Fiona pulled her backpack into her lap. Rummaged through it and found the wrinkled card. She had the card with her when she was arrested. It followed her to prison and ended up in her belongings when she was released.
Okay. So Emma it would be.
Who else was there when she went looking for the diner they had all been stranded in and all its cash? She thought back. An old man. And his girlfriend. She worked at the diner. But it was the private dick and his dog and his damned girlfriend who did the damage. Blackie, her bank-robbing partner was only a faint memory. She had done him in, the useless piece of crap.
Tomorrow she’d head back to the bench seat and try to figure out Emma’s shift hours. It was going to take time, but time was all she had now that she was out.
Fiona got out of the car and danced around it like she was doing a Chinese fire drill. She backtracked on her way out of town, intending to dump the car as fast as she could. There was no way she’d get nailed for a stolen car. Not now. She pulled into a gas station. Parked at the pumps. Purchased a five-gallon jug. Filled it.
Dumping the car wasn’t going to be as easy as she first thought. It took her an hour before she gave up and drove the car into a tangle of downed trees thanks to the hurricane. She dumped five gallons of high-test into the car. Waited a bit for it to soak in. Impatient, she tossed matches one at a time from as far away as she could get. They all went out.
She ended up lighting them all at once and throwing the fireball into the open door. A loud whump followed an orange wall of flame and the deal was done. She slung her backpack and hiked back to the road to begin the walk back to town. As luck would have it, a vehicle approached from behind. Without looking back, she held out a thumb.
9.
MADDIE MADE SURE she had fresh water and ice in her walk-bottle for Friday. Satisfied, she headed out to begin the hike to Emma’s apartment building. She had mapped out a direct route, one she was pretty sure Emma would take on her way back and forth. Downed trees lay everywhere. The sound of power saws and the smell of freshly cut wood drifted across her path, driven by the slight breeze.
She stopped at a store and an impromptu coffee shop someone had set up. She showed Emma’s picture. A few recognized her. More shook their heads. None who said they knew her said they’d seen her recently. When asked about exams, the consensus was that maybe she’d gone off with a boyfriend to hit the books.
—Well, Friday, for sure people know Emma. Let’s see how we make out where she lives.
It was another ten minutes before she caught sight of the two-story apartment block. The hurricane had blown right past it, leaving the building and grounds untouched. The few tall trees left standing whispered in the breeze.
From a distance the red-brick building looked impressive. Clean. Bright. Surrounded by a manicured lawn and trees and hedges that looked to be freshly trimmed. She got closer and flower beds appeared on both sides of the entrance walkway.
Maddie halted Friday at the base of the steps leading to the front door before offloading her backpack. She was going for the trendy student look, with jeans and an untucked shirt and hair in a ponytail. She entered the building and went into full student mode when an older man appeared.
—Hello. I’m looking for Emma Mayberry. She was supposed to meet me at a coffee shop, but she wasn’t there.
—You’ve come to the right place. I’m the building super. Name’s Burt. Are you Fiona?
The shock of hearing Fiona’s name hit Maddie hard. She hesitated, hoping she wasn’t giving anything away. Unsure if she had. Surely the man would notice the look on her face.
—Yes I am. And this is my dog.
She bent to let Friday drink from the bottle. He slurped and burped and she wiped the mess left behind on the floor with her bandana.
—It looks and sounds like he needed that. It’s hot out there. You’re a friend of Emma’s, are you? How do you know her?
—We’re friends from back in Escape. It’s a small town. Everybody knows everybody.
—Well then, Fiona. I can let you in. You’re sure you’re a friend?
Maddie patted Friday and tapped his head. He looked up at Burt and snorted and woofed and wagged his tail in a fury. He got a whispered Good boy complement for his charade and a treat to go with it.
—Follow me.
A key chain rattled and Burt led us upstairs to the second floor.
—That’s a gorgeous dog. What’s his name?
Pleased that the super liked her dog, she told him.
—I wasn’t expecting to bring him, but—
—Oh no, it’s all right. We’re pet-friendly here. As long as you pick up after him.
—Yes I will. Thanks.
Emma’s apartment was half-way down the hall. Burt looked the dog over, eyed Maddie’s backpack, and opened the door.
—Here you go. It’s a lot cooler inside. If you leave, lock the door behind you, Fiona.
The door closed behind Burt. Maddie rummaged through her bag for her phone and began tapping furiously. She gave up when she didn’t get a response. Frustrated, she punched in Jim’s number. It went right to voicemail.
—Dammit, Friday. We need to get in touch with Jim.
She paged down her contacts, searching for Boots’ number, then cursed out loud when she realized it wasn’t in her phone.
—Well, Friday, while we’re here we might as well do some detecting.
She put on a pair of gloves and pulled two plastic bags from her backpack before making for the laundry hamper. As luck would have it, she was able to choose two articles of clothing. She placed them in the bags before sealing them.
—Friday. Come here.
She rubbed Friday’s nose in a discarded small t-shirt.
—Emma. That’s Emma.
Friday looked up at her and barked.
—Emma. Good boy, Friday. Remember. Emma.
She let him have another sniff, put the t-shirt into the bag, and zipped it. She wandered from room to room. Checked out the few photos. Discovered a phone charger still plugged in but no phone. Nodded, since it made sense. Just in case, she called Emma’s phone. No phone rang in the small apartment. The call went to voicemail
She opened the fridge. No leftovers but plenty of food on the shelves. Fresh fruit that was probably just turning in a bowl on the counter. A minimum of garbage under the sink.
The place was neat and tidy. Looked like it was dusted regularly. Emma was a miss neat, with everything in place from what she could see. The closets were just as neat and tidy. So were the dresser drawers and the night table in the bedroom.
She tried calling Jim again. She left a message and hoped for the best. She let the water run in the kitchen sink while she searched hurriedly for a spare key. She replenished Friday’s bottle with cold water and turned off the tap.
Maddie placed her backpack on the counter and opened a pocket. She removed the holstered pistol. Flipped the cylinder open. Pushed the retractor to check the five-shot butterfly clip. The shells edged out. She pushed them back in, re-holstered, and clipped the handgun onto her belt in the small of her back. She adjusted her shirt to cover the concealed weapon before slipping the backpack through her arms.
Satisfied, she flipped the lock and closed the door to Emma’s apartment with Friday hovering close behind her.
10.
FIONA’S TIGHT CUTOFFS and shapely legs worked their magic. She turned to greet the sound coming up fast behind her. The half-ton’s screeching brakes and rubber forced the truck to slow and halt. It was jacked up, sitting high and dry and spelling hillbilly while sporting dents and rust. The driver pushed the passenger door open and she climbed in.
The driver’s eyes traveled from her own down to the cutoffs, halting at her legs. They traveled all the way back up to her eyes. She smiled and flipped her hair.
—You smell like gasoline, woman. You’re not going to catch fire if I light one, are you?
The driver fumbled one-handed with the pack. It slipped from his fingers and fell to the floor. Fiona leaned over, rested a hand on the man’s thigh, and bent to retrieve it. She squeezed and straightened and withdrew two cigarettes while leaning back against the door. She raised her hips, and, struggling, reached into a pocket on the too-tight cutoffs. She withdrew a lighter. She lit both cigarettes and handed him one.
He took it without thanking her and inhaled deeply before exhaling a cloud of smoke that disappeared out the open driver-side window.
—Where you headed?
—Back to town. I had some car trouble. You here for the construction?
She had noticed the out of state license plate when he slowed late and went past.
—Yeah, there’s a bunch of us came over. We’ve got a place on the edge of town. There’s a barbecue tonight. You’re welcome to come if you want.
Billy Denver. That was his name. Funny, that. It was the city where the bank robbery had gone wrong. She wondered if it might be an omen, then thought no more about it.
—You can drop me off on the main drag. I’m going to look for work.
It sounded good. Responsible. Like she was a regular girl who needed work and a measure of stability in her life. A man, too. She wondered if he thought the same.
—You see that bench? I’ll be there waiting for you to come pick me up later.
The hillbilly stopped in the middle of the street and she smiled her thanks and got out. He never said a word. No goodbye. No see you later. No nothing. Tires screeched and he raced off. She shouldered her backpack and made to walk around the block to case the area surrounding the coffee shop.
She noticed more now that she was forced to use her feet. There wasn’t so much of anything left. Broken buildings, opened up like tin cans. Walls collapsed. Buildings wide open. Ruined businesses topped by the occasional roof that hadn’t blown away. And strangest of all, buildings in the middle of the destruction that weren’t touched in the slightest.
Like the coffee shop.
The luck of the draw. Her good fortune once again. That, and spotting the woman before she spotted her. If she’d made it inside to first in line—
She stopped thinking about it and instead circled the area, getting familiar with the streets. The destruction was everywhere. How anyone survived was a miracle. Bored by it all, she made for the bench to wait for Billy. If he even showed up.
Fiona killed time with thinking. She was barely out of prison, and here she was, smack in the middle of a hurricane disaster. Her good luck had followed her so far, even if she had to overthink it. And think about it she did, until she heard the sound of the truck’s exhaust pipes roaring up in front of her come to a halt. The door opened from the inside and she climbed in.
—Thanks. I was starting to think you weren’t going to show.
—Sorry about that. We had to put in a little OT to cover the building we’re working on with a tarp in case it rains.
Fiona was so involved in her own predicament, she hadn’t bothered to notice the rain clouds on the horizon.
—So who’ll be at the barbecue? Your friends?
She needn’t have asked. He pulled into a driveway with piles of cut wood on both sides. It had obviously been cleared of downed trees. The house was tiny. A sloped roof. Green lawn. Most of the trees that had once surrounded it were down and already cut and piled. The scent of fresh wood permeated the yard. A couple of huge gray full-size tents were up in back of the house.
Half a dozen people circled a barbecue. Burgers crackled and orange flames jumped. A tin garbage can overflowed with ice and beer. Music from someone’s phone blared through portable speakers.
Billy introduced her to everyone, but she didn’t care. He was the one with the truck. She’d need it eventually. The beer flowed. Music blared. Men and women mingled and danced and by then she had a good buzz going. She settled in while Billy took over cooking burgers on the barbecue.
It wasn’t so difficult to wrangle her way into Billy’s bedroom and his bed. The disturbance in the morning as the house filled with the noises of a crew readying for work drew her out of the empty bed.
—How much time do you guys have?
She opened the fridge and hauled out eggs and milk. She cracked eggs into a bowl, poured in some milk, and flashed up the gas stove and a heavy cast iron fry pan.
—Eggs on the way, boys. Don’t desert me yet.
The eggs arrived in five minutes, and it took about that long for the first person to finish as the last got served.
—Leave some money for supper and I’ll see what I can come up up with.
Hands went into pockets and fished out wrinkled paper.
—Come on now. Don’t be tight as a nail in a board.
That got laughter and more money on the counter. It got a response from Billy, too.
—You gonna need the truck to do that shopping?
Mumbling and grumbling about walking and working and long hours didn’t make the crew happy.
—Does that mean I have to drive you all to work?
So she did.
11.
MADDIE DOUBLE-TIMED IT on the way to the motel. Her mistaken-identity chat with Emma’s super had put her on edge. Not finding any clues to Emma’s whereabouts in the apartment didn’t help matters. But Fiona? How many women had that name? And how many of them claimed to know Emma?
Worried now, she swiped at the sweat running down her face. By the time she reached the motel her shirt was soaked through. She didn’t see the Packard in the lot and cursed out loud.
Frustrated, she tried calling Jim again. In that instant she recognized the car turning into the motel’s lot. She hung up and waited outside the room, tapping a foot. Friday waited with her, impatient too. He sensed something was wrong.
—It’s about damned time. I’ve been calling and texting you for what seems like hours.
Jim reached for his phone.
—And so you have. What’s got a burr up your butt?
Exasperated, Maddie told him about the woman named Fiona looking for Emma.
—Are you sure?
—The building manager mentioned it. I let him think I was that Fiona.
Jim steadied his eyes on her.
—The super didn’t ask questions and neither did I. I convinced him Fiona was a friend of Emma’s from Escape and he let me in. There’s no sign of Emma. The place is neat and tidy. It hasn’t been tossed. That means no thief, right?
—Probably. But the Fiona we know is locked up nice and tight for murder. She’s in a Federal pen. There’s no chance in hell she’ll be out walking the streets for a very long time. Even with best behavior.
—She must have called the super, Jim. It has to be her. What other Fiona would it be?
Maddie rocked nervously from side to side. Still sensing something wrong, Friday walked slow circles around both of them.
—Look. Even Friday remembers that woman.
Jim wasn’t convinced.
—Well, I’ll give Boyle a call, but Fiona is behind so many doors—
—Just do it, all right? Right now.
Jim didn’t need to be told twice. He observed Maddie removing her handgun from behind her back. She placed it on the patio table.
—I need to get water for Friday. We just about ran all the way back here. Come on, boy. It’s time for a drink and some shade.
She waited for Jim to pick up his phone. She needed to see him do it. He returned her gaze. Exasperated, did as he was bidden. He was still talking when she returned.
—I’m going to put you on speaker, Don. Maddie is here now.
Boyle’s gruff voice penetrated the silence.
—The woman in question has been out and about for a week. Someone slipped up months ago. Fiona Lubinski managed to get transferred to a minimum security facility in Tallahassee. From there they let her out. No one realized their error until I touched base just now. The crap is hitting the fan as we speak.
Maddie cursed her bad luck again. Neither of them took pains to explain how they knew Fiona.
—I think she’s here, Don. We’re working a missing person case for a friend. I went to Emma’s apartment this afternoon. The building super thought I was Fiona. When I told him I was, he let me into her apartment. Something is going on. I don’t know what yet.
She eyed Jim, wanting to make sure he knew she was disappointed with him.
—Well be careful you two. From what I saw on paper, she’s a handful. I’ll send you current intake photos when I hang up.
—Thanks, Don. I appreciate it.
The photos showed a Fiona Lubinski that didn’t look happy to be there. She had put on a little weight in prison. Her face had filled out. At least now they had another picture to show around. Maybe someone had seen the pair together.
But that was a non-starter. Fiona and Emma wouldn’t be hanging around together. They knew each other, and not in a good way after what happened in Escape.
—Jim?
—Yes?
—What are we going to tell Boots?
—The truth, Maddie. He needs to know.
Jim unclipped his automatic from his belt and placed it on the table beside Maddie’s holstered five-shot.
—I’m glad to see you were prepared when you went on your walk.
—So was I when I learned I was pretending to be Fiona.
She smiled, but it was a grim smile at best. She wasn’t happy in the slightest.
—I hope Emma is all right.
—We’ll find her. Here comes Boots and Lady now.
Friday took off to greet the pair. Boots feet were dragging. He looked appeared to be exhausted from his meeting with the college administration. He definitely wasn’t happy.
—I’ll tell you what. Those people need a swift kick.
He looked from Jim to Maddie, recognizing trouble when he saw it.
—What’s going on? What’s wrong? Is it Emma?
12.
FIONA WAS BESIDE herself. Completely by accident, she’d spotted the unsuspecting Emma. Followed her undetected. Scouted out the college where she was taking classes. Discarded that idea and went with the woman’s apartment. It was perfect.
All she needed was a car.
And she had that, if she could convince Billy to loan her the truck. She had the dark night in the building’s unlit parking lot, too. It could be any night she felt comfortable with.
The car. It was all about the car. She cursed her bad luck at setting fire to it so soon. She told herself it was better that way, though. No chance of it being spotted by the cops and automated license plate readers.
If they had anything like that in this hick town.
13.
MADDIE ALLOWED JIM to take the lead. She still couldn’t believe it to be true. She had listened carefully to Don’s assessment, not believing it even though she was the one who heard Fiona’s name mentioned by Emma’s apartment manager.
—You better sit down, Boots. We have something to tell you.
Boots called Lady to sit beside him. Distraught as she was, Maddie couldn’t wait for Jim to go on.
—We think Fiona is in town. We think she might have something to do with Emma going missing.
The statement stunned Boots. His mouth fell open and he collapsed into his chair. He didn’t believe it. Finally he spoke.
—Are you sure? Fiona? Our Fiona?
He realized what he said and shook his head, as though that would change anything.
—That thief and murderer? Isn’t she in prison? I thought she got life. She did get life.
—She did. But something happened. According to my Miami contact, she ended up transferred to a minimum security facility. In Tallahassee. She was released from there.
Flashing blue and red lights in the parking lot drew their attention away from concern about Fiona. Four uniformed officers stepped out of a pair of black and whites and approached with guns drawn.
—Oh shit. Make Lady sit and stay, Boots. Keep your hands on the table. Don’t move them.
Jim and Maddie did the same. Maddie commanded Friday to sit.
—We’ll keep you out of it, Boots. Don’t make any sudden moves.
Four policemen surrounded the table with guns drawn.
—One at a time. Stand up. Get on your knees. Put your hands behind your head.
One by one they did as they were told. Jim waited until they finished the handcuff detail.
—Officer. We’re private detectives licensed by the state of Florida. We have permits for the handguns. We’re in town working a case.
—Do as I say. We’ll sort it out in a bit.
They managed to get it sorted, and the contingent of police officers departed the motel. A shaken Boots proposed they find somewhere to eat to discuss the day’s progress.
—Or lack of it, Boots.
Maddie wasn’t having it.
—It’s not that bad, you two. We have a solid lead. All we have to do is find her and I’m pretty certain we’ll find Emma.
But did she believe the words coming out of her mouth? She’d been to Emma’s place. Heard the manager mention Fiona. Pretended to be the woman to get into Emma’s apartment. Searched and came up with nothing of consequence.
It was during dinner when Boots brought up scuba diving. Emma’s boyfriend was a diver, and he had convinced her to take lessons. Maddie vaguely recalled the caves before turning to her phone.
—I remember watching something on television when I was a lot younger. Or maybe it was a school project. I never paid attention. I seem to recall underwater caves around here somewhere.
Could it be something that simple? Had Emma and her boyfriend gone off on a diving weekend to spend time together and explore the caves?
—Anything is possible. Tomorrow is a new day. We’ll start fresh. Seven o’clock by the pool.
Maddie hoped that was it. Emma would have missed out on a visit from Fiona if she was off cave diving.


Later, in their room, Maddie broached the subject of Boots with Jim.
—I think Boots should move into Emma’s apartment.
Her reasoning was two-fold.
—I don’t think they’re well-off. And he’d be there if she came home from wherever the heck she’s run off to.
But did she believe that Emma had only run off with a new boyfriend on a temporary getaway? It was possible, of course. But if end of term exams were close, that wouldn’t be so smart, either, and she didn’t take Emma for a fool.
—We’ll talk about it at the morning meeting. I’m going to knock on Boots’ door and see if he and Lady might want to come along on a walk with Friday. You won’t mind if I steal your dog, will you?
14.
FIRST THING I headed off to pick up a fast-food breakfast for the crew. Maddie busied herself feeding and walking Friday. I passed Boots and Lady doing the same and honked. On the return run I picked the pair up and we made for the motel’s pool patio.
We were anxious to get going. Breakfast was devoured in mere minutes. Maddie left to retrieve the plastic bags with Emma’s scent on the enclosed clothing. That alone was enough to impress Boots.
—That was smart. I would never have thought of it. You did good.
She smiled at Boots.
—Her place was so neat and tidy it was all I could think of to do. Now we have her scent for Friday. And Lady too, if she needs it.
Boots’ positive attitude wasn’t long for this world. Across the table, he was becoming increasingly despondent. He sat with shoulders forward and chest caved in, staring at the ground.
—Thanks, Maddie. I appreciate everything you all are doing.
—We’re going to find her, I promise.
Boots bought up our unmentioned idea.
—I think I should move into Emma’s place. Do you think the building manager would allow it?
I glanced at Maddie. She nodded agreement.
—I’m pretty sure he would, Boots. After all, he let me in. If you show him some ID, I’d say go for it.
—It would be cheaper than staying in the room. I’m not a rich man, in case you didn’t notice back in Escape.
—You’d be there if she showed up unexpectedly. And I’m pretty sure it will make you feel better, too.
To change the subject I brought out the paper map and spread it on the table. I caught Maddie’s glance.
—You are so 20th century.
I smiled at the reference.
—Maybe, but Boots and I are old-school that way. I checked with the front desk first thing. The underwater caves are here.
I pointed to the locations already marked with red circles.
—If the pair took a break and went diving, chances are they’re out there. Apparently there’s a few places you can rent. Some have a dock. Plenty of dive teams use them as a base for exploring the caves. Emma and Danny might even have gone with a group. Some of the houses are big enough if they all wanted to stay and make a holiday out of it.
Boots took one look and shook his head.
—I don’t know. It’s not far enough away to do something like that. Why wouldn’t they drive back and forth?
Boots had a point.
—You’d do that. So would I. But I don’t think the kids would. What do you think, Maddie?
Maddie looked right at Boots and mimed chewing gum before answering.
—Well, old-timers, I beg to disagree. Here’s why.
Maddie grinned, and Boots looked at her like she was touched.
—Us young-uns do things differently in these modern times. We’d stay right there. Leave civilization behind. Cook. Eat. Light some candles. Make an adventure out of it for a few days before being happy to return to civilization only a few miles away.
I was convinced. I think Boots was too, because he pushed back from the table and stood up. He scooped the bags containing Emma’s clothing off the table and made for the Packard. 
—In that case, let’s get going. Come, Lady. You too, Friday.
Boot slapped his thigh twice. Friday perked up his ears. The dog remembered Lily had used that command, too. He’d never heard his mistress use it.
—We have work to do.
Friday followed Boots without so much as a backward glance at Maddie. A shocked expression took over her face. Friday scampered after the man like he wanted to play. Half-way to the car, the dog halted and turned. He barked and scurried off to join Boots and Lady at the car. She caught Boots laughing as he handed over treats to Lady and Friday and scratched at their ears for a job well done.
—Hey. Did you see that? What’s happening with my dog?
I shrugged and held out my hands in mock surrender.
—What can I say? Friday remembers Boots. He ought to given how the two of them used to curl up in front of the fireplace and snooze all day long. Not to mention all the petting and scratching Friday got.
—It’s true. I think poor Friday had enough of frolicking in the snow and just gave up.
Maddie grinned remembering Friday’s first experience with winter and snow in the mountains. The dog had sat his warm bum down in cold snow and jumped up in shock as fast as he could. From then on he’d gone outside to do his business as quick as was doggie-possible.
I pushed back from the table and stood up.
—Come on, Maddie. Boots and his faithful dogs are waiting for us.
15.
FIONA FOUND IT easy to follow Emma, notwithstanding the woman’s constant looking over her shoulder. She made sure to keep her distance. Didn’t act suspicious. Never stopped to pretend to smell the flowers. Managed to stay a couple of blocks away.
It was almost too easy with most of the trees down and buildings destroyed by the hurricane. There were no obstacles to her sightlines. Even if Emma did turn to look, she was too far away to pay any attention.
Fiona made sure to keep her distance even when the woman entered the two story apartment building. She circled the block, checking for doors and windows on the ground floor. There were two entrances and thus two exits. A parking lot in back fronted one of them.
She thought to check for lighting, and saw that it was unlit. Dark was good, and she would need dark for the impromptu plan that was beginning to take shape. She would need a vehicle. She cursed herself for getting rid of the stolen car too soon.
She didn’t want to steal something in this small town. The locals would be on the lookout. They would recognize it in a heartbeat, especially now following the hurricane when looters would be on the prowl for anything that wasn’t tied town. It would have to be Billy’s truck. There was no other.
Many of the back roads were blocked off with downed trees. She’d discovered that when she went looking for a place to dump the stolen car. That wasn’t good. Although it wasn’t bad, either. It would mean a certain amount of privacy if she could find an isolated area that wasn’t well-traveled because of the destruction the hurricane left in its wake.
She circled the apartment block from a distance once more. Satisfied, she walked past again before circling back. She made for Billy’s place. It would have to be his truck. Already she knew how she’d play him to let her use it.
On the way by, she stopped at the coffee shop and ordered. Outside, she took two sips. Decided it wasn’t any better than the first cup. Tossed it and made for the bench to wait out Billy.
16.
EMMA MAYBERRY EXITED the college campus and made for downtown. She hurried, not wanting to be late to work. Miraculously, the hurricane had swept past the coffee shop, leaving it undamaged. As such, it quickly filled with lines of construction workers on short breaks. Locals remained at tables, for it was a gathering place to gossip and share information about damage and insurance. Some had it. Many didn’t. Emma felt sorry for those and commiserated with them over it all.
By the end of her shift she was exhausted. Her back ached and her feet were sore. She gathered her belongings and made for home, passing downed trees and wide-open buildings missing roofs and sometimes walls.
She was fascinated by the storm’s seeming random destruction. While it saddened her that so many people had been affected with lives ruined, she couldn’t stop thinking about how fortunate she had been. Danny, too. They had survived unscathed but for some water damage around windows in their respective apartments.
Tired as she was, she was supposed to meet Danny later. She texted him to cancel and instead invited him over. They would hit the books at her place instead of his, since they were both in the same program.
Emma showered and dried her hair and dressed to wait for Danny. She spread textbooks on the kitchen table and began going through her notes. She liked studying with Danny. He always brought his own notes. Never asked to share hers.
A knock on the door interrupted her studies. She put down the pen. Danny was earlier than he said he’d be and she smiled as she opened the door, glad that he was.
—Yes?
It wasn’t Danny.
—Emma. So good to see you. Aren’t you going to invite me in?
Emma hesitated, trying to remember. It came to her, all of a sudden, as long, drawn-out realization crossed her face. She panicked and pushed at the door. It stopped against Fiona’s foot.
—I thought so.
The woman shouldered the door. The abrupt motion forced Emma back into the small kitchen. She stumbled and caught the edge of the counter. In one motion Fiona slammed the door shut and locked it and whirled to face her.
—We have things we need to talk about, Emma. It’s long overdue.
Fiona charged. Pushed her all the way into the tiny kitchen. She found herself with her back to the sink. Fiona kept coming.
A dozen questions ran through her mind. What was Fiona doing here? Wasn’t she in prison for life somewhere? Emma’s unbelieving eyes looked again. How could this woman be standing in front of her?
—Yes. It’s me, Emma. Did you forget about me? Did you think I was tucked away, rotting in a prison somewhere? Out of sight, out of mind, right?
Sudden realization took over Emma’s face.
—What do you want, Fiona? Why are you here?
—That’s more like it.
Fiona’s evil smile concerned her. The woman was a fugitive. In jail for murder and bank robbery. What could she possibly want now? The knife the desperate woman pulled from her belt didn’t come as a complete surprise. The tip waved and circled in front of her in the tiny kitchen. Cornered in the small kitchen, there was nowhere to run.
—Get down on your knees or else.
17.
FIONA SLIPPED THE backpack off, letting it clatter to the floor. Thinking it a mistake to leave it in front of her quarry, she used a foot to push it away before bending to dig in a pocket. She withdrew gray duct tape and tie wraps.
—Put your hands behind your head.
Emma looked up at her, not comprehending. Fiona screamed.
—Behind your head. Now!
Scared, not knowing what was coming from the crazed woman, Emma complied. Fiona forced a hand down to waist-level and wrapped a zip-tie around it. She did the same with the other, and used another tie to force Emma’s wrists together. She grabbed a corner of the tape and ripped a length before taping her mouth.
—That should hold you for a while.
Fiona stepped back to admire her handiwork. Her eyes widened when she noticed Emma’s unbound feet.
—I almost forgot.
She hummed as she unrolled a length of tape and wrapped it around Emma’s ankles. Satisfied, she replaced the knife in her belt. With Emma secured, she looked around the small apartment. It was neat as a pin. Typical small-town homebody, she told herself, and ran a finger along the counter before holding it up to inspect. It came away dust-free.
A knock on the door alerted Fiona.
—Are we expecting company?
She grabbed Emma’s ankles and struggled to drag her down the hall and into the bedroom. She ran her fingers through her hair before making for the door.
—Hello. Who might you be?
—I’m Danny. Who are you?
Fiona smiled sweetly.
—I’m a friend of Emma’s. I just got into town. It’s a surprise visit.
Her eyes roamed to the cast-iron frying pan on the stove-top. Who else but a country girl would have one of those?
—Have a seat, Danny.
She found a cup in the cupboard and reached for the pot on the counter.
—Have a coffee while you wait.
She placed the coffee in front of him, and from there it was easy. She made a grab for the frying pan. Swung it harder than she wanted. It connected with Danny on the back of his head. He collapsed face-first on the table. She abandoned the zip ties and instead used tape on his wrists and ankles.
—That ought to hold you.
She went back to Emma in the bedroom.
—Your boyfriend came to visit. He’s waiting in the kitchen.
Fiona dragged Emma from the bedroom back to the kitchen. Danny was on the floor, bound and gagged. Tears rolled down Emma’s face.
Fiona stood back to survey the situation. While she had been certain she’d catch Emma unawares, she’d had no idea about the boyfriend. She found herself with two live bodies to contend with and no means of transportation.
She opened a pamphlet on the counter. It was publicity for a cave diving adventure. The map showed an area similar to where she had driven the stolen car to set fire to it.
All right, then. Billy would have to donate his truck to the cause. She tied the bodies together, back-to-back. Emma struggled to get free. She backhanded the woman into submission.
—I’ll be stepping out for a bit. Don’t go away.
She searched Emma’s bag for a key. Found it. She laughed on her way out the door. She made sure to lock it behind her.
18.
FIONA SLIPPED THE backpack off, letting it clatter to the floor. Thinking it a mistake to leave it in front of her quarry, she used a foot to push it away before bending to dig in a pocket. She withdrew gray duct tape and tie wraps.
—Put your hands behind your head.
Emma looked up at her, not comprehending. Fiona screamed.
—Behind your head. Now!
Scared, not knowing what was coming from the crazed woman, Emma complied. Fiona forced a hand down to waist-level and wrapped a zip-tie around it. She did the same with the other, and used another tie to force Emma’s wrists together. She grabbed a corner of the tape and ripped a length before taping her mouth.
—That should hold you for a while.
Fiona stepped back to admire her handiwork. Her eyes widened when she noticed Emma’s unbound feet.
—I almost forgot.
She hummed as she unrolled a length of tape and wrapped it around Emma’s ankles. Satisfied, she replaced the knife in her belt. With Emma secured, she looked around the small apartment. It was neat as a pin. Typical small-town homebody, she told herself, and ran a finger along the counter before holding it up to inspect. It came away dust-free.
A knock on the door alerted Fiona.
—Are we expecting company?
She grabbed Emma’s ankles and struggled to drag her down the hall and into the bedroom. She ran her fingers through her hair before making for the door.
—Hello. Who might you be?
—I’m Danny. Who are you?
Fiona smiled sweetly.
—I’m a friend of Emma’s. I just got into town. It’s a surprise visit.
Her eyes roamed to the the cast-iron frying pan on the stove-top. Who else but a country girl would have one of those?
—Have a seat, Danny.
She found a cup in the cupboard and reached for the pot on the counter.
—Have a coffee while you wait.
She placed the coffee in front of him, and from there it was easy. She made a grab for the frying pan. Swung it harder than she wanted. It connected with Danny on the back of his head. He collapsed face-first on the table. She abandoned the zip ties and instead used tape on his wrists and ankles.
—That ought to hold you.
She went back to Emma in the bedroom.
—Your boyfriend came to visit. He’s waiting in the kitchen.
Fiona dragged Emma from the bedroom back to the kitchen. Danny was on the floor, bound and gagged. Tears rolled down Emma’s face.
Fiona stood back to survey the situation. While she had been certain she’d catch Emma unawares, she’d had no idea about the boyfriend. She found herself with two live bodies to contend with and no means of transportation.
She opened a pamphlet on the counter. It was publicity for a cave diving adventure. The map showed an area similar to where she had driven the stolen car to set fire to it.
All right, then. Billy would have to donate his truck to the cause. She tied the bodies together, back-to-back. Emma struggled to get free. She backhanded the woman into submission.
—I’ll be stepping out for a bit. Don’t go away.
She searched Emma’s bag for a key. Found it. She laughed on her way out the door. She made sure to lock it behind her.
19.
—BOOTS NEEDS TO pick up a few things, Maddie. Are you coming?
I already knew Friday was coming. His ears perked up and his tail wagged furiously at the mention of the man’s name.
—His dog is ready and waiting at the door.
I probably shouldn’t have put it that way. Maddie was a little sensitive about how close Friday and Boots were getting. I knew I shouldn’t when I caught the pouty look.
—I’m sorry, sweetheart. I didn’t mean it that way.
She grinned and I knew she had me.
—Friday is my dog, gumshoe, even if I loan her to you from time to time. He knows where his dog food is buttered, just like you know where to find your food.
She made to squeeze my love handles but I deftly moved out of the way and surrendered by holding up my hands.
—Speaking of toast and jam, we need to go.
I stopped in front of the apartment and made for the stairs to the second floor. A dog barked somewhere in the building and I ignored it. I knocked on the door, expecting Boots to answer. There wasn’t a sign of the man.
I knocked again. Still nothing. The barking got louder. I twisted the doorknob on the unlocked apartment and walked into Emma’s place. Boots’ backpack lay on the table where he left it. The handgun was missing. So was Boots.
I made for the bedroom and opened the door. An angry dog growled a greeting before scrambling past me. Lady was hot on the trail of her missing master. I hurried downstairs and called to Maddie.
—Boots is gone. See if you can use Friday to corral his dog.
It took a few minutes, but we got the frantic dog into the car and hooked to a leash. Friday helped console her and I made for the motel.
—His handgun is missing, too.
—He had a gun?
—Yup. Unregistered. So he told me.
Maddie shook her head.
—Now the woman is armed. And even more dangerous.
I couldn't disagree. We’d come here expecting an easy time locating Emma. When Boots first touched base, I didn’t envision a kidnapping. Now with both Emma and her father missing, things were turning into something more than a missing woman and her boyfriend on a getaway.
Would we be able to get to the bottom of it all in time? I was starting to have doubts.
20.
FIONA RAN AS fast as she could in the humid night air. Her breathing turned ragged. Perspiration soaked through her shirt. As she ran she considered how she would approach Billy. She needed his truck. He was a good guy but more than a bit of a simpleton. She decided on the direct approach, wanting to be sure she got what she wanted.
She spotted the truck in the driveway. Relieved, she pushed the door open. It crashed against the wall as she rushed into the small house to find herself in the middle of a roomful of Billy’s friends.
—Billy. You’re here. I need help. The truck. I have to borrow your truck.
She talked through labored breathing, trying to catch her breath. At lease that wasn’t a lie, not that she was concerned with her lies now.
—Fiona. What’s wrong? What are you running from?
She went on, still winded. Taking deep breaths. Only exaggerating a little now.
—My friend. Her boyfriend. He’s trouble. She needs help.
Like that wouldn’t apply to any of her women friends in a former life. Billy stood up and fished in his pocket before pulling out the key.
—I’ll come with you.
—No. It won’t help. Another man she doesn’t know. It would just upset her.
She made to reach for the key.
—I’ll be back as soon as I can.
—Are you sure?
Billy was eager. Ready to go.
—I can wait outside while you do what you have to.
—No! You’ll only make matters worse.
Fiona considered breaking into tears, and then changed her mind just as fast. It would only encourage Billy. She didn’t want him around for what she had to do. She reached again for the key and he handed it over. Her mouth began to curve upward into a smile. She bit her tongue, hard, and scowled instead. She hoped it passed for a teary thanks.
—I’ll make it up to you. I promise.
She marched out the door and didn’t look back. She was too busy congratulating herself on how easy it had been. She climbed into the truck as fast as she could and twisted the key. She didn’t want time for Billy to change his mind at the last minute. The temperamental truck started first try and she backed out of the driveway. Tires squealed and she steered towards Emma’s apartment building.
On a whim she parked on an off-street and made for the coffee shop. Out of habit she checked the bench across the street. She halted and did a double take. There it was. The dog. The black dog. She rubbed at her arm. Switched to her shoulder.
She almost screamed.
Son of a bitch!
Caught herself at the last second. She didn’t bother turning around. She walked backwards and in three steps she was around the corner of the building and out of sight.
It couldn’t be. It was dark. The street lamp wasn’t putting out a lot of light. She peeked around the corner again. The dog was between them. Licking fingers on joined hands while the pair sipped the shop’s shitty coffee.
The dog’s ears perked up and he stood and woofed before looking in her direction. Fiona double-timed it to the truck. She peeled rubber and took off for Emma’s apartment. No way would she stop now.
Fiona was certain she had been this close to being spotted, and she didn’t want to chance it again. The damned dog. The one that bit her arm. The detective. His partner. He’d been the one that shot her.
She muttered to herself all the way to the apartment and her twin prizes. If only she hadn’t wasted so much time. But she knew now. She had a bonus. Jim and Maddie. And the damned dog. And they hadn’t seen her.
But what were they doing in town? Blue Springs was no place for a vacation, especially now after the hurricane blew through and turned it into a hell hole.
21.
MADDIE LOOKED DOWN at Friday sitting between her and Jim. The dog took time away from licking fingers on their linked hands and returned his mistress’ look. He tested the air with his nose. His ears perked and he stood and turned before sniffing the air again.
—What is it, Friday? What do you smell?
A gentle breeze swept the bench and she inhaled the sweet scent of freshly-cut wood in the humid night air. Jim smelled it, too.
—I wonder what they’ll do with all that wood? It’s going to fill fireplaces for years to come.
Thanks to Friday’s antics, a distracted Maddie changed the subject.
—There was no scuba gear in Emma’s apartment. I would have seen it.
—We’ll take a look anyway. You said there was a brochure for a diving place. If they’re shacked up—
—I don’t think they’re shacked up, Jim.
—Why not? They’re young. They think they’re in love. What’s not to shack up about that?
—Is that the way you spent time with your girlfriend when you were younger?
—Pretty much. Why wouldn’t they?
Maddie resigned herself to a day of checking out spots in the boondocks for the missing pair.
—We’ll pick up Boots and Lady first thing, before the heat and the humidity get too intense. Now come on. It’s time for bed.
—Bed? It’s barely nine.
Jim grinned.
—Well yeah. You need your rest. So does Friday.
—Somehow, I doubt it’s rest either of us will be getting.
—Yeah, but Friday—
Friday chose that instant to test the air again. He tugged at his leash and tried to head off in the direction opposite the car his mistress was leading him towards.
—What’s with him? He’s been skittish for the last ten minutes.
Maddie still wasn’t convinced the scuba thing was worth wasting their time with, and she let Jim know.
—What else do we have?
She let out an exasperated sigh.
—We have someone named Fiona looking for Emma, that’s what. You know she’s out. Boyle confirmed it.
—But what would have brought her here? To this devastation? She wouldn’t have known Emma was anywhere near here. I don’t believe it for a minute.
—What if she was passing through and spotted her? That’s possible, isn’t it?
Jim considered for a moment before answering.
—I suppose it’s possible. If she wanted a coffee. If she spotted Emma in the coffee shop. If she put together a plan on the spur of the moment. If she somehow got hold of Emma’s apartment manager. If if if.
It was true, and Maddie knew it. The chance was slim to none that Fiona was a part of this. Except. Except that bit about the manager thinking she was Fiona when she showed up at Emma’s apartment. Fiona, a friend of Emma’s. From her home town of Escape.
She’d been so certain that she hauled out her revolver and tucked it into her back. And she was still certain, even if Jim wasn’t.
—All right. I’m convinced. Tomorrow we’ll do the scuba thing out in the boondocks.
22.
EXCEPT THEY DIDN’T do the scuba thing out in the boondocks. Dealing with a missing Boots was taking up valuable time. Now they were stuck with another dog that needed managing.
—We should have done this last night.
They were on the way to the apartment with Friday and Lady, intending to walk Boot’s dog around the grounds of the building.
—We’ll be lucky if Lady picks up anything.
—You were just as shocked as I was to discover Boots had gone missing. It’s no wonder we completely blew it.
Maddie wanted to say I told you so, but she knew better. It wouldn’t help, and Jim had to be feeling just as bad as she was.
—I still think we need to check out the scuba places.
 He was still hot for the diving shacks on the lake
—Jim—
She gave up, exasperated, too disappointed to say so, then changed her mind.
—We’re wasting time on that. We’ve got three people missing. I really don’t think romantic diving with a boyfriend takes precedence now, do you?


It took them two long, hot hours beneath a cloudless sky to maneuver the car past downed trees and power poles. Jim ended up putting the convertible top up on the old Packard and turning on the air conditioner. By the time they arrived at the first scuba shop, no one wanted to get out. A sign at the end of the first driveway announced Closed until further notice.
Maddie opened her door and quickly closed it. Even Friday and Lady didn’t want to get out.
—Well, that’s that, wouldn’t you say?
Jim wouldn’t, and so they headed north to the second diver’s roost. The driving was just as difficult. He was forced to maneuver the car past the burned-out hulk of a car on the edge of the road.
—I wonder if someone wanted an insurance claim?
Maddie ignored him. She was still upset that they were wasting time.
—Can we just get this over with?
At the second dive house, they set the dogs free. They ran and jumped and chased down nothing but butterflies. Maddie couldn’t resist rubbing it in.
—See? Told ya. Now let’s get back to town, all right?
She made him stop on the return and loosed the dogs, wanting him to believe they needed a pee break. Instead, she chased them around the grounds of the first dive house. Convinced no one was there, she loaded the dogs into the Packard.
—All right. Let’s go. I’m satisfied too.
23.
WE’D WASTED HOURS on a useless search that turned up nothing. I knew it, and even the dogs seemed disheartened. They were listless in the back, sitting, barely looking outside. Which, come to think of it, Maddie appeared to be doing the same thing.
—I’m sorry. You were right. I should have listened to you.
I slowed, passing trailers parked in a huge paved parking lot that must have been a giant department store before the hurricane tore it apart. A bulldozer was busy leveling what was left. Trucks were laying down piles of sand to be leveled by a parked grader.
—What are those?
Maddie powered down her window to get a better look at the white structures.
—Probably those federal trailers. What’s it called? Emergency something or other.
I took a better look. There were few cars, probably belonging to the workers. The trailers appeared unoccupied.
—I don’t think I’d like to live there.
—When your home is gone and there’s no place to go for shelter, I’d want one.
The devastation was still evident, with downed trees and destroyed buildings everywhere. Construction was slow. Workers were few. I wondered who was paying them. Were they living in the trailers?
—Who gets one of those trailers, Maddie? Do you know?
—No idea. I’ll look it up later. Are we going back to Emma’s for another look?
Hope was slim, and we knew it, but now, with Boots missing too, I was beginning to believe it was all Fiona’s doing. It had to be. Who else could it be?
—Somehow, that woman stumbled onto Emma. She must have been passing through. Stopped at the coffee shop and saw her. Decided on the spur of the moment to have her revenge for what went down in Escape.
Maddie turned to the dogs in the back.
—Finally, boys and girls. He comes around to our way of thinking.
Friday woofed. Lady yelped and nudged the back of Maddie’s neck. She laughed and scolded the dog.
—Lady. Your nose is freezing.
—Now you know how I feel when Friday does that. They’re both Zelda’s offspring, aren’t they?
Not to be outdone, Friday did exactly the same thing to the back of my neck with a cold nose and a sloppy tongue.
—Two peas in a pod, both of them.
I suspected Friday was disappointed that I didn’t admonish him as I usually did, because seconds later he did it again.
24.
THE LOCAL PD recognized us the instant we walked into the building. Following the confrontation with drawn weapons at the motel, they were only too happy to have us stop in. I suspected they were too exhausted by events caused by the hurricane, and welcomed visitors who didn’t have any complaints.
They were sympathetic to our problem with the missing people. I told them about Fiona, and showed her photo. They showed us the bulletin and were on the lookout, but everything they were dealing with because of the hurricane was taking precedence.
Looters. Flim-flam artists. Phony construction companies. Workers who promised to do work and took money and disappeared without a trace. It was overwhelming for everyone, both citizen and police department alike.
—You two have no idea how happy I was to learn you were licensed private detectives when we did that firearms call.
—You and your men handled it professionally, Chief. My partner and I appreciated it, too.
—I’ll have my men keep an eye out, but we can’t promise much more, given the circumstances.
—I understand. We’ll be sticking around until we locate our friends.
I got up to leave.
—Oh. One more thing. Those trailers on the edge of town.
—What about them?
—We noticed them on the drive. Are they occupied?
The chief shook his head.
—Unfortunately, no. Apparently there’s some problem with the feds and the state and we’re told they can’t be occupied until the appropriate paperwork is completed. When that will be, we have no idea.
—I’m sorry to hear that. I’d bet that a lot of people would rather be in them than in a tent on their front lawn beside a destroyed home.
—You’re right about that, although some desert their property only as a last resort. There’s plenty of firearms around, too. We’re hoping nothing happens to cause us to take drastic action against any of them.
—Well, I guess that’s it. Thanks again, chief.
I returned to Maddie out front in the car.
—Well? How did it go?
—As we suspected. The department is overwhelmed with the aftermath of the hurricane. The chief was sympathetic, and he’ll see that they do what they can, but don’t expect much.
—More than they can handle, in other words.
—No doubt about it. We’re on our own.
It was near dark. I headed for the room with Maddie and two dogs.
—We’re going to need another set of dog dishes, Maddie.
—No we won’t. Two bowls are enough. We can feed them at the same time. I’ll rinse the bowls and they can have all the water they need after that.
Friday and Lady had become friends, thankfully. There was no rivalry. I was tickled that Lady had taken a shine to me in Boots’ absence. Even Maddie had noticed it.
—Boots better not find out Lady is following you around like you’re the puppy.
—Ah, puppy-love. She’s no puppy now.
—Neither are you.
25.
DIM LIGHT FILTERED through the curtained motel window. Jim appeared to be fast asleep. Maddie nudged him, wanting to make sure. Satisfied, she crawled out of bed and donned her jogging outfit. She halted at the foot of the bed. The dogs were back-to-back, gently snoring in unison.
She checked the table for the room key and pocketed it before exiting. She eased the door closed. The latch clicked and she put an ear to it and listened. Satisfied she’d disturbed neither man nor dogs, she made for the street. She picked up her pace and headed off in the direction of the trailers.
It took ten minutes beneath the few functioning street lights. Broken branches and small tress presented obstacles in her path. She narrowly missed tripping over them in the dark. By the time she reached the trailers, there were no lights at all. Huffing and puffing, she slowed to a walk to catch her breath. Perspiration rolled down her face and soaked through her top.
No lights in any of the buildings in the complex. So the chief had been right. She hadn’t doubted, only wanted to make sure for herself.
Maddie scoped out the trailers as best she could. She walked the gravel avenues, hesitating, trying a few of the doors. Felt for the latches. The ones she checked were secured with padlocks. She cursed silently for not bringing a light.
The sound of an approaching vehicle caused her to halt. She took shelter out of sight behind a trailer. A half-ton turn into the complex. It slowed before the driver dimmed and then turned out the headlights.
What’s it doing here, she wondered. Making use of a trailer until finding a place to stay, perhaps.
The truck halted beside a trailer. The sole occupant got out. The interior light didn’t turn on. A man, probably. Wearing a ball cap. Dark clothes. She had difficulty keeping him in sight. He had to be checking trailers for locked doors. A watchman.
That settled it, then. Obviously a security guard. And no doubt needed, given that permission hadn’t been granted to occupy the trailers just yet. She headed back to the street. Halted and took shelter from prying eyes when the truck started up. Waited impatiently for it to pass before heading back to the motel. She ran all the way.
She slipped the key into the door and entered the room. No one was up. She breathed a sigh of relief, until a light flicked on. Jim and both dogs were in bed, one on each side of him. Flustered, she said the only thing that came to mind.
—The dogs aren’t allowed to be on the bed, Jim.
—No shit, Sherlock. The dogs are with me to make sure you didn’t come home and slip into bed unnoticed.
She stammered.
—Well, I—
—Well, nothing. They woke me up, all worried you weren’t here with me. I told them you went for a walk, like they could understand. So they jumped on the bed and decided to wait with me since I wasn’t in panic mode.
—Aww. You’re all too sweet.
—Sure. I’ll buy that. Now are you going to tell me about it, or do we have to sweat it out of you?
The dogs were busy keeping an eye on both of us, like they were trying to decide who to believe. Maddie called to them. They wouldn’t budge from the bed, and she knew she was in trouble.
—You’re right. I went for a jog.
—I’m a detective, remember? You were sweating and huffing and puffing when you sneaked into our room. Where did you go?
—I jogged out to the trailers. The chief was right. There’s no one in them. Not a light to be seen. And there’s a security guard, too. He came onto the lot. I waited him out before leaving.
The dogs kept looking from Jim to Maddie. Seemingly satisfied, they jumped off the bed and settled at the foot, back to back so that they could keep a wary eye on the door.
—Thank goodness. I was starting to think I was going to have to rent another room.
Jim’s smiling face looked up at Maddie. She wasn’t happy she’d been caught out.
—You still might if you take off by yourself like that again, woman.
Jim turned out the light and she undressed in the dark, happy that man and dogs had forgiven her transgression.
26.
MADDIE MADE SURE she was out of bed early. She dressed in a hurry. Fed and watered the dogs before Jim was even awake. She sat on the edge of the bed. The huge dogs jumped up and fussed with the covers, trying to burrow beneath them. Annoyed, Jim tossed the sheet aside.
—Good dogs. Now what, my people? Is our woman trying to make good another escape?
The fussing halted. Both dogs appeared to be satisfied he was awake.
—No, silly. I fed and watered the dogs. I thought I’d take them for a walk. We wanted to be sure you were awake before we left.
—Yeah, and that guilty look on your face is no make-up for last night’s folly, woman.
—Folly-schmolly. It’s walk time, boys and girls. Let’s go. I’ll expect you out of the shower by the time we get back.
She closed the door and led the dogs in the direction of the trailers. It couldn’t hurt, could it? Friday was obedient, but Lady put up a struggle, straining at her leash as she walked the dogs down the now-familiar sidewalk.
—What is it, girl?
A half-ton passed them before slowing and turning down a side street. Maddie ignored it and continued on with the dogs. At the last minute, she turned off the main road and headed back to the motel on another street.
—Our man better be ready, boys and girls.
She struggled with the dogs. One, Lady, wanted to keep going. Friday pulled her in the direction of the motel. Frustrated, Maddie called to the chocolate lab.
—Come, Lady. We’re going back to see Jim.
Reluctantly, the dog obeyed, but not without announcing her displeasure with a loud, solitary bark.
—What is it with you today, Lady? Are you still mad I didn’t take you with me last night?
Lady didn’t answer, of course. Maddie slapped her thigh twice in rapid succession. Lady followed her all the way to the motel without complaint. She had been well-trained by her master, Boots.
So that’s the secret, she thought. Lily must have taught the signal to Lady and Friday, both.
27.
FIONA COULDN’T BELIEVE her luck. She recognized the brown dog right away. It belonged to the man in Emma’s apartment. The man, Emma’s father, had been instrumental in her capture in snowbound Escape. She had him in a locked trailer, along with the other two. She’d spared no expense, giving them each a trailer. Bound up as they were, she wasn’t concerned they’d be going anywhere.
She pulled the cap down over her eyes before turning the truck around. She drove past the woman. Recognized her. Maddie. It had been her dog that tore apart her arm. And lo and behold, the woman and the dog were walking down the street. Right here in beautiful downtown Blue Springs.
She turned off the main drag, parked, and got out to follow them on foot. It was plain they were headed to the motel. Where else would they be staying?
Now what? she asked herself. How would she get that damned woman into the trailer complex without alerting the woman’s partner?
And once she had them all there, what would she do with them?
Certainly they were all responsible for her imprisonment. Okay, so maybe the credit union armed robbery had something to do with it. Losing her boyfriend hadn’t helped matters. He’d been shot during the robbery. And killing one of the partners in the robbery in that snow-covered hick town got her a long time in prison.
The more she thought about it, the angrier and more frustrated she became. By the time she made the truck, she was ready to kick rocks down the street. She made her way back to Billy and thanked him for letting her use the truck the only way she knew how.


Fiona finished with Billy and crawled off onto the tangle of damp, sweaty sheets.
—One of the guys with a van wants to take us all fishing tomorrow. You want to come?
Fiona pretended to consider for only a few seconds before blurting out a response.
—I’d like to, but I have things to do tomorrow. If I could use your truck again, it would be perfect, sweetie.
The word passed her lips and she almost grimaced. She forced a quick smile before swallowing hard, barely managing not to choke. With that settled, she made for the shower.
28.
STUBBORN AS SHE WAS, Maddie knew better than to go off on her own. She knew, but still it didn’t seem right. She knew Emma and her father, Boots. Both had been instrumental in Fiona’s capture. Even Friday had played a part when he attacked the woman and bit her arm.
It came to her, out of the blue. Friday had bit her. She was certain the security guard in the trailer park had been cradling her right arm. Favoring it, maybe. As best she could tell recalling the inky darkness of last night in which she’d spied on her.
Of course it was Fiona. Who else would it be?
She tied the dogs to the Packard’s door handle and took off running, headed for the trailer park as fast as her legs would take her. She recalled how the guard had only checked the door handles of three of the dozens of trailers parked in the lot.
Three people missing. Three trailers. One for each. How had it not occurred to her last night?
She cursed her misfortune for not recognizing the woman. She cursed again for being stupid and not telling Jim. She cursed a third time and then gave up. She’d left her phone behind. And her pistol. Both were in the night table by her side of the bed.
Jim would be sure to kick her butt when he caught up. If he caught up. She stopped wasting time and energy thinking and increased her pace. Except. She couldn’t banish thinking. If she could find the exact trailers in daylight. If she could get them open. She would need a pry-bar. An old lug-nut wrench. She’d seen one in the back of the Packard. Sharp on one end. Jim had to explain what it was.
She cursed her stupidity again.
She knew she should turn back. Make for the Packard. Surely Jim would be showered and changed by now. Handguns. She could get her handgun in the night table. Jim would be there to help. Friday, too. Lady.
Dammit but why didn’t I think first before taking off like a teenager?
The trailers. There they were. The half-ton, too. She halted suddenly. Almost tripped over a log half on the sidewalk that she’d somehow missed last night. Exhausted, she bent over. Put her hands on her knees to keep from collapsing. Straightened and wiped sweat out of her eyes. Bent over again.
Dammit dammit dammit.
29.
FIONA KNEW MADDIE would come. The woman had to have figured it out by now. It was only a matter of time.
She made sure to be prepared. With the gun she found in Emma’s apartment when she took Boots. The ugly brown dog made such a fuss she had to force Boots to lock it in the bedroom. Even then it wouldn’t shut up. She considered shooting it, then changed her mind. The gun would make even more noise.
She made sure to take her time preparing. She checked the locks on her trailers. She made sure to open a fourth, just for Maddie. She climbed in and sat with her back to a wall. Stretched out her legs. Faced the door at a ninety-degree angle. It might give her an advantage. If there was gun-play, she’d be out of the direct line of fire. Temporarily, at least.
She hadn’t fared so well the last time there was gun-play with this crowd. She rubbed at her shoulder with her bad arm, remembering. Jim Nash. The private eye. The one who shot her. Maybe it was her fault for not listening. But he pulled the trigger.
Gravel crunched, alerting her to a presence outside the trailer. She tensed. Remembered to pick up the handgun and grip it with her good arm. She allowed it to rest against her thigh. Her arm hadn’t had the same strength since getting shot in the shoulder. At least it was warm here. Hot and humid. Not like that hillbilly town in the mountains.
Footsteps sounded on the iron stairs leading to the trailer. The door opened. Bright sunlight flooded the trailer, blinding Fiona. She blinked. Blinked again. Twisted to see out the door. A shadow crossed her face and blocked the scalding bright sunlight streaming into the trailer.
—Fiona? What the—
30.
—WELL WELL WELL. We finally get to meet once again. Get your ass in here. Where’s your dog?
Maddie took a step back. Panicked and frightened, she reached behind her back before remembering the handgun she’d left in the room. She brought both hands in front of her. Held them out to show Fiona she had nothing in them.
The handgun wavered in Fiona’s left hand. Her good hand. She was forced to use her scarred right to help steady the gun.
—Get on your knees.
Maddie complied. She knew by instinct and experience that Fiona meant business. She suspected the woman already had three people locked away in the tin-can trailers. Before she could say a word, Fiona smashed the side of her head with the pistol. Maddie collapsed onto the floor and stayed there, eyes closed, only pretending to be unconscious.
Fiona stepped away and Maddie opened one eye to assess. Her assailant held the pistol in her left hand while she rummaged through a bag. She pulled out a couple of zip ties and placed them on the counter. Her hand went back in and came out with a roll of gray tape.
The woman returned and bent over her. In seconds, her wrists ended up behind her back, zip-tied too tight to move. A strip of tape ripped and ended up over her mouth. No gag. A small comfort that she’d be able to breathe easily and not end up choking. She inhaled, in and out, taking deep breaths. Tried to stay calm. Succeeded, mostly.
Except.
Fiona paced back and forth. Ranted. Raved. Babbled incoherently. Something about not enough time. Or too much time. Or it was time for something. She cursed. Yelled. Jumped up and down.
The woman appeared suddenly pleased about something.
Maddie was pretty certain she knew what it was, since she was the one bound and gagged on the floor of an empty government trailer on the fringes of a town destroyed by a hurricane.
She closed her eyes and let the woman rage on. And on. And on. Finally Fiona halted. Kicked her. She opened her eyes.
—That man of yours is next. And the dog. I’m going to get you all, bitch.
Maddie looked up at the crazy lady and rolled her eyes. It might not have been the smartest move, but it sure felt good. For her troubles Fiona delivered another kick. Maddie almost blacked out.
31.
I PARTED THE room curtains and looked out more than once. Not that I was getting anxious or anything. Maddie had the dogs with her. Sure, two of them might be a handful, especially Boots’ Lady, but even so. She was experienced. And Friday would certainly look out for her if it came to it.
I checked the nightstand on her side of the bed. Her revolver was there. I flipped it open. Empty. The butterfly had to be in her backpack. Now I was sort of concerned, until I figured if she was off looking for Fiona she’d surely have taken her handgun.
Satisfied, I headed for the shower, expecting her to return any minute.
Shaved, showered, scrubbed and shampooed, I dressed and opened the curtains wide. My eyes went just as wide. Friday and Lady were tethered to the Packard’s door handle, waiting patiently for Maddie to return.
Unlike me. Past experience told me otherwise, damn that woman anyway. I knew better. I cursed before taking it back. I cursed again and ran water to fill their bowls. They were more than glad to see me as evidenced by the whining. I shut them up with the water and grateful sounds of slurping dogs. Maddie wouldn’t be so grateful when I put eyes on her over my knee.
Like that would ever happen.
I retrieved Friday’s long leash and swapped it out for the short one tied to the Packard’s door handle. I left Lady with her short leash, wanting her to be easier to control that way.
Now that we were organized, where to begin? It was obvious Maddie hadn’t run off to pick up coffee. Yet she’d left the dogs. Why? Maybe she was after coffee after all. Coffee and donuts in one of those trays wouldn’t be all that manageable with two dogs dragging her down the street. They were trained to be better than that, though.
I left the worst for last, and somehow knew it had to be. She’d spotted Fiona. Or worse. Fiona had spotted her. Was the woman following her? Or was it the other way around, with Maddie following Fiona?
That would make the most sense. She couldn’t very well traipse after someone with unruly dogs in tow. Thus she dropped them. Why hadn’t she knocked on the door to let me know?
I went back into the room and picked up a shirt with Maddie’s scent. Friday picked up on it right away, but I had to convince Lady to stick her nose in it. Once she did, the dog took off like a shot. I knew right away I should have put her on the long leash.
Friday was no slouch, either. He picked up his feet like he was headed for ice cream, and all I could do was try and keep up. It was a struggle. All those wasted office snoozes with Friday when we were supposed to be working off our love handles didn’t do a whit of good.
I’d be fixing that when we got home.
In the meantime, Maddie was missing and two dogs were leading me down what I hoped would turn out to be the one—way garden path to finding her. I cursed for not picking up my handgun when I had the chance, but convincing the dogs to backtrack wouldn’t be the best idea. They were convinced that they were hot on Maddie’s trail.
What could possibly go wrong?
32.
I WAS BUSY WHEEZING. Trying to keep up with the dogs. Looking down at the sidewalk and my feet to dodge the branches. Trying not to stumble. The farther we got from town, the more downed trees slowed our progress. I slowed and stopped huffing and puffing. The white trailers we’d driven past earlier in the week were coming up.
I called the dogs to heel. Lady obeyed instantly. Friday, not so much. I was sure he thought we were hot on Maddie’s trail. Nothing was going to stop him.
—Friday. Heel. Sit.
The dog knew by the tone of my voice. He sat down beside Lady and woofed a complaint. She agreed with her own woof. They nosed my thighs and thumped their tails, but there was no way I was giving them the lead. With Boots’ pistol missing, I wasn’t taking chances that a desperate and crazed Fiona would end up emptying it on the dogs. Or me.
If it was Fiona. Though why was I still doubting Maddie’s suspicions? With four missing people and no one else in the hot seat, I finally had to admit she had to be right.
To add to the confusion in the impromptu trailer park, a convoy of trucks greeted us. Diesel engines roared as wailing back-up beepers sounded the alarm. Dump gates crashed against lowered truck beds. A grader was busy leveling piles of sand left by the trucks. Men in orange vests waved arms and directed traffic.
—Well, boys and girls, it looks like we have our work cut out for us. Come on now.
I patted my thigh and the dogs acquiesced to heel. They patiently followed me into the maelstrom of exhaust and engine noise and dust coupled with wailing back-up alarms.
I approached a flag man. He informed me that more trailers had started arriving just before sunrise. I thanked him and allowed the dogs to pull me towards the rows of trailers. The dogs marched me up and down rows of blinding, white buildings. We arrived at the beginning of a new row. That was when tails ceased wagging. Noses pointed.
I called softly for the dogs to heel. Surprisingly, they obeyed, given that they must have had Maddie’s scent. And probably Boots’ and Emma’s, too.
—All right, you two. Those doors are all padlocked. I need a tire iron.
Except, they weren’t all padlocked. The dogs halted and wouldn’t go beyond one that wasn’t. They kept silent, too, forcing me to pay even more attention.
We’d struck gold.
—Come along, Lady. You too, Friday. We need to pause and regroup.
I considered myself lucky neither of the dogs started their barking. Hell, even I knew Maddie was here. And most likely Fiona, too. Why the woman hadn’t kept watch was weird, until I considered the noise of the trucks and the dust they kicked up. The strong wind and blowing sand wouldn’t be a help for her, either.
—We have to have a plan, dogs. And I need a crowbar of some sort. Let’s go find one.
I approached a bleating semi backing up to position its load. The driver exited to unhitch and I approached him. I explained I’d lost some of the keys to the padlocked doors. That my supervisor would kick my ass when he found out. I begged a tire iron. A crowbar. Anything. I allowed the driver to fuss over the dogs and he obliged by opening a compartment and handing over a crowbar.
I led the dogs around the front of the semi, and somehow I knew I’d be finding more trouble than any of us needed. Friday and Lady had better be prepared to pull their weight.
I cursed one more time at my bad luck for not bringing my handgun, knowing full well I’d be needing it in the next few minutes.
33.
DUST FLEW INTO Fiona’s trailer past the flapping door. It thundered against its frame and bounced back to slam against the aluminum building’s wall. She made a grab for the handle. It slipped from her fingers and the door bounced. She cursed, made another grab, and was successful.
The heavy equipment noise quieted and immediately she bent to finish taping Maddie. She sat her up against the kitchen counter. Her head banged and the woman groaned.
—That should hold you for a while. How long do you think it’s going to take your partner to twig that I’ve got you?
Fiona ripped the tape from Maddie’s mouth. The woman’s head banged against the cabinet second time in an effort to escape the pain. She grimaced.
—When Jim shows up, you are going to be in dire straits, Fiona. You better count the rounds left in that handgun and save one for yourself.
Fiona grinned an evil smile. An expression of hatred took over her entire face.
—I already counted. I’ve got enough for your dog, too. That black devil ruined my arm back in Escape. He’s not getting another chance to do more damage to anyone if I have anything to say about it.
Maddie smiled when she noticed Fiona absent-mindedly rubbing at her shoulder.
—I see Jim left his mark on you too, didn’t he?
Fiona’s backhander slammed Maddie’s head into the counter. Her hand dropped to her lap and she rubbed her shoulder.
—He’ll pay, too. You’re all going to pay.
She sat down across from Maddie and leaned against the wall.
—I couldn’t believe my luck when I spotted Emma in that coffee shop. I almost didn’t believe it at first. Luckily, I didn’t walk in. I followed her for a bit, learned where she lived, and look at me now.
Fiona placed the gun on the floor and held out her hands.
—I should buy a lottery ticket when this is over.
—You won’t be in any position to buy anything, Fiona. You’ll be dead.
The words came out unfiltered and faster than Maddie intended. Fiona looked across at her with a deadly smile.
—I don’t think so. You’re the one that will be dead. I’ll be just kind enough to make sure I bury you with that dog—if I can find a shovel.
Fiona had enough. She taped Maddie’s mouth before standing up and opening the door. The wind grabbed it, forcing it out of her damaged weak hand. It slapped against the trailer’s outside wall with a loud bang. More dust drifted into the trailer. She made a grab for the door and was forced to slam it closed.
34.
I TURNED AND cocked an ear in the direction of the sound. A door slamming? I couldn’t be certain with the noisy trucks and the wind. In any case, I knew it could only mean one thing, since only one of the trailers was unlocked.
I grabbed the crowbar and made for the last trailer in the line. It was the fourth one from the trailer I recognized as unlatched.
—Come Lady. Come Friday. We have work to do.
I pried the latch, figuring the trucks would mask the work with the crowbar. Aluminum ripped and separated from the wall. I opened the door and peeked in. Someone I didn’t recognize stared up from the floor.
—Danny?
It had to be. I bent over and cut wrists and legs free before tearing off the tape covering the boy’s mouth.
—I’m sorry I don’t have water for you. The dogs took me here in too much of a hurry.
Danny only nodded and rubbed at his throat. He swallowed, dry, and in a faint voice said thanks. He managed to wheeze out a name.
—Emma.
I helped the boy stand and was forced to catch him when he collapsed against me.
—Don’t worry. I’ll find Emma. You better stay here. You’re too weak to help. I don’t want you getting in the way. Understood?
Danny nodded and I helped him slide to the floor. I left him and went outside to find Lady in front of one trailer and Friday in front of another. I slapped my thigh and they rushed to my side.
—Good girl, Lady. Good boy, Friday. Stay with me now.
I busied both hands with patting and head rubbing, and reluctantly, they heeled. Together we proceeded to the second trailer. I popped the latch and Lady rushed up the steps and through the open door. She greeted Emma with a wet nose and a severe tongue lashing. It was all I could do to get Emma’s arms and legs free as both dogs fussed over her. I think Lady even growled at me for getting in the way of her celebration.
—Am I glad to see you, Emma. Your father is going to be very happy. Judging by how excited Lady is to see you, she’s about ready to burst.
Emma’s arms went around Lady and she looked up.
—Oh Jim. That monster—
—I know. She has your father and Maddie, too. The dogs found you all. Danny is free in the next trailer. I want you to go to him and keep him there.
I helped Emma up and half carried her under Lady’s watchful eye to a grateful Danny.
—Remember what I said, Danny. Emma, you too. Stay here and stay safe.
He nodded and the young lovers hugged. Lady worried over Emma, fussing and licking. She wasn’t so sure how to take Danny. He got a nervous, soft nudge before I was forced to convince the dog to follow me out the door.
—Good girl, Lady. Heel.
35.
THE CONSTRUCTION NOISE was too much for Fiona. Trucks backed up. The wind whipped the dust into a frenzy of blowing sand. Trucks pulled away. A grader leveled the dirt, engine groaning with the effort. Diesel engines revved, releasing fumes. A door banged. Maddie stirred.
Fiona went on alert. Was he here? That, or the wind again. She’d already had too many false alarms. She was edgy for some action.
She bent to check Maddie’s bindings. Satisfied the woman was secure, she went to the door. Peeked out the window. Couldn’t see anything but trucks and blowing dust. She waited, anxious. Told herself it had to be the wind.
Nervous and still on edge, she returned to the kitchen and Maddie.
—Don’t get your hopes up. It was only the wind. A false alarm. A truck door slamming.
Maddie couldn’t speak past the tape over her mouth. She held still. Couldn’t do much else but keep her eyes on Fiona.
—You’re not so happy now, are you? Not since you found out I had all your friends. I even have one you don’t know. Emma’s boyfriend. He’s in one of the trailers, too.
Fiona laughed and strutted back and forth in the small kitchen. She was proud of her abilities. Emma and the boyfriend and the old man. And the queen bee of them all. Maddie. Pulling it off all by herself on the spur of the moment.
She started to wonder if she’d forgotten anything. Started to doubt. Went to the door again. This time she opened it. The wind caught it and it flew open. Banged loud against the aluminum and slammed shut in her face.
—That was close. It almost hit me.
She might as well be talking to herself. She looked over at Maddie. The woman wasn’t listening. Her eyes were closed, feigning disinterest, but she knew the woman’s ears would be tuned to the sounds outside of her aluminum prison.
36.
MADDIE WAS ALMOST certain she heard a familiar sound. She tensed. Listened with every fiber in her body. And there its was again. A dog. Maybe. The wind howled, and the sound drifted away. In any case, surely Jim would control them. Friday would obey. She wasn’t so sure about Lady.
Had Jim and the dogs found the others? Were they in one trailer? Separate? Were they still alive? She refused to think otherwise. She shook her head, drawing Fiona’s attention.
—You might as well resign yourself to it, woman. You’re going down hard. And so is your partner.
Did that mean the others were already dead? Maddie’s eyes shifted to Fiona and looked away. She thought back to the hotel room in Escape and the hidden body of Fiona’s boyfriend. A sound caught in her throat.
—Your dog is toast, too. I owe him one for the useless arm he left me with.
Maddie opened her eyes to the sound of Fiona slipping the magazine from the automatic. Watched her check it.
—Emma’s father was nice enough to bring me a present. Don’t worry. It’s full.
Fiona slammed the magazine into the grip. A grin crossed her face, but it wasn’t friendly. It was anything but.
—I ought to get a medal for all of this. Who would have known I’d trip over one of the people responsible for my misfortune in Escape working in a coffee shop?
She sat beside Maddie and joined her in leaning back against the counter.
—The boyfriend was a bonus. You should have seen the look on his face when he saw that cast-iron fry pan coming his way.
She placed the handgun on the floor between them, tempting but for the hands tied behind her back. Maddie’s eyes shifted to the gun and she looked away. It was too much to be so close yet so far.
—Yeah, go ahead and look. It’s all you can do now. Just like you’re going to watch me take out the big fancy private eye and the dog.
Fiona’s lips parted. A crazed laugh escaped the woman’s mouth.
—After all these years. Manna from heaven. Who could have known? Who could have known?
37.
LADY FOLLOWED AFTER me and we joined up with an upset and worried Friday. He sensed Maddie was close. He looked at me, and then at the next trailer.
—Friday. Come.
Reluctantly, he came, but not before running to the suspect trailer. His nose would not be fooled. Finally, he snorted and settled in beside Lady. His ears perked and his tail halted.
—I know, dog. Maddie is close. But we have one more thing to do. We have to help Lady, okay? Help Lady.
I jammed the crowbar against the latch. It slipped past. I pried gently, not wanting the noise to alert Fiona. The latch separated from the aluminum wall and popped off. I opened the door and the dogs scrambled through my legs in their haste to get in.
Lady was ecstatic at the sight of her master, even if he was laid out on the floor. She snorted and nudged and stuck a cold nose against the back of Boots’ neck. Friday was no slouch either when he recognized the man. No doubt he remembered all the time they spent snoozing in front of the man’s fireplace back in Escape.
As I cut Boots free I explained that his daughter and her boyfriend were in the first trailer. He nodded acknowledgment.
—I’ll help you get to her. You have to stay there, Boots. You’re too weak to be any help.
He nodded again, determined to stand up by himself. He couldn’t do it. I helped him straighten.
—See what I mean? I need Lady, too. Is that all right?
He nodded and I helped the man walk to the trailer and his daughter. It was old home week with both dogs and Emma and her boyfriend as introductions were made.
—Jim?
I looked at Emma.
—Danny is going to try to get to a truck and get one of the men to call for help.
It was obvious they’d already discussed it. I certainly wouldn’t talk them out of it.
—If that’s all he’s going to do. We don’t need any more help.
—We?
—Lady and Friday and me. I already asked your dad if it was all right.
Boots nodded. He still couldn’t talk.
—I’m sorry I don’t have water for you. Maybe Danny can get some from one of the truckers.
Boots tapped his thigh to summon Lady. Reluctantly, she left Emma, but settled in in front of the man. His voice wheezed.
—Lady?
The chocolate lab sat on her haunches. Her ears straightened as best they could. Dark brown eyes looked up intently at her master.
—Go with Jim. Do what he says. Stay with Jim. Help Jim.
The dog looked over at me and snorted, and I couldn’t tell if it was one of derision for taking her away from her family. She stood up and approached me. Boots called softly to her.
—Good girl, Lady. Go with Jim.
I had a last word for Danny.
—Try to get to the truckers. Get your hands on a phone and call the police. Get some water, and get back to Emma and Boots. Understood?
Danny nodded and touched Emma’s hand before he walked off on unsteady legs. It was time.
Lady’s tail stopped wagging and straightened. Two dogs accompanied me out the door and down the steel steps.
38.
THE DOOR CAUGHT in the wind. I made a grab for it and missed. It slammed hard behind Danny, and I figured our goose was cooked. Surely Fiona had to have heard the metal on metal of door thundering against the aluminum echo chamber. I ended up muttering.
—Well, that tears it. She knows now.
Boots sat up and mumbled something I couldn’t hear. He tried again.
—I’ll come with you, Jim. Two of us—
I interrupted, careful not to make the man feel like a third wheel.
—No, Boots. I can do it with the dogs.
—What if she has my gun?
As far as I knew, that wasn’t a what if. It was a definite yes. She had the gun. How could she not?
—It’s too late now, Boots. Danny will get us help. I need you and Emma to stay here and stay safe. Keep Danny here when he gets back, all right?
I looked at Emma. She nodded. Judging by the determined look on her face she would do my bidding. Danny’s bindings had been the loosest, thus I’d sent him for help. Emma and her father were still struggling to massage ankles and wrists. But for that, I’d have sent them off to walk as far away as they could get.
—All right. Well, it’s not getting done if I stay here jaw-jacking.
I looked over at the dogs. They were still fussing over Emma and Boots.
—Friday. Lady. Come. We have work to do.
They heeled immediately. Lily had trained them well, and Boots used the opportunity to remind me.
—Our girl Lily did a good job, didn’t she? With both of them.
His face beamed pride in his dog, and I couldn’t disagree.
—I think we’re going to find out. Wish us luck.
I didn’t wait for a response. Neither did the dogs. They followed me out the door and took up the scent leading to Maddie. They slow-trotted, being sure to wait for me.
Like I had a plan.
Were they in for a surprise.
39.
A DOOR SLAMMED. Fiona halted and listened. It had to be caught in the wind. A trailer. Immediately she knew something was up.
—He’s here.
Nash. Who else would it be? Then the noise she had filtered out returned and she remembered they were setting up new trailers on the lot. Was it him?
She stood over Maddie, prone on the floor. Took out the knife. Slipped the blade through the tape to free her feet. She’d need the woman to stand when it was time.
—Don’t try to get up on your own or you’re dead.
Or maybe not. A dead Maddie wouldn’t give the detective a reason to save her. She thought better of it and instead left the tape over Maddie’s mouth so the woman couldn’t scream a warning.
She returned to the front window and peeked around the side. Spotted the black dog. Waited impatiently for Nash to come into view. He was only two steps behind. His lips moved. Probably talking to the dog. Trying to keep it calm.
The dog most likely had the woman’s scent by now. Maddie’s scent. That’s what dogs did. If he thought his mistress was in danger, he’d probably go uncontrollable. Like he had once before.
Fiona thought back to that godforsaken, freezing town in the middle of nowhere buried under a mountain of snow. Remembered how the dog had attacked her, even as she had been retreating out the door. She rubbed her right arm at the memory. The dog had rendered it almost useless.
She cursed out loud and went to the window to check on Nash’s progress.
—All right. It’s time. Get up.
Fiona struggled to get her prisoner upright. With one bad arm and Boots’ handgun in the other, it was a near impossibility. She had to let go of the gun to get the woman on her feet.
—Listen to me, bitch.
She slapped Maddie, making sure the woman’s eyes locked onto hers before she went on.
—You’re going to stay in front of me. I’m going to open the door. Then we’re going to go outside. You will stay in front of me or it’s curtains. Understand?
Maddie nodded.
—Good. I’m glad you see it my way.
40.
I EDGED UP to the trailer door, wondering. Was this the one? There was no lock on the hasp, unlike the other three. I threw caution to the howling wind and sand, and forced Friday to go prone to the right of the door. Lady took up a position on the other side, mimicking Friday. Both dogs were at attention. Tails erect. Ears facing forward and up. Two pairs of brown eyes concentrated on the door in front of them and slightly off center.
—Good girl, Lady. Good boy, Friday. Wait for my command.
If they heard me, they didn’t make a sound. It was as good as it was going to get. I called out.
—Fiona!
Nothing. I called again.
A voice filtered past the wind and dust whipping through the rows of trailers. The door opened. Maddie appeared. Hands and arms taped. She was proving to be a handful for Fiona as she struggled not to lose her grip. In her other hand she held the handgun. It wavered and she struggled to keep it steady.
Maddie kept moving forward on the small landing at the top of the stairs. Her feet reached the edge. She halted, wavering back and forth. Would she stop? Was she going to keep going?
Too late Fiona tried to halt the movement. Maddie stepped off the landing. The open door slammed behind her. Distracted by the sound, Fiona was too late. She made a grab for Maddie and came up with empty air.
Maddie’s feet slipped off the top step and she tumbled out of Fiona’s grip. The handgun went off and a boom echoed down the line of trailers. If Emma and Boots heard it, they’d be on their way, crawling or walking. There was no time left. I yelled.
—Now! Go!
One-hundred-and-fifty pounds of silent black and brown dogs launched themselves into the air. Only a disappearing cloud of dust remained in their wake. Neither made as much as a sound.
Maddie fell. Landed on me. Together we tumbled to the ground. I rolled and made a grab for her belt. Connected. Managed to drag her with me.
In that instant the dogs hit their mark, center-mass. The unstoppable force slammed into Fiona. Forced her hard against the closed door. Her head connected with a bang and she slowly slid down onto the top step. She only halted when she ran out of door.
Both dogs recovered and stood over her, still not making a sound. Judging by the way they hovered over her, I wouldn’t want to be her if she planned on a fight.
—Good girl, Lady. Good boy, Friday. Stay on Fiona.
I found my knife and slit the tape on Maddie’s wrists. I yanked the tape off of her mouth and she glared at me.
—Sorry, baby, but I had to do it that way.
I helped her stand and she leaned against me to allow feeling into her limbs. In the background, wailing sirens sounded.
—Lady.
She looked up at me.
—Find Boots. Find Emma. Go.
The dog trotted off to find his master.
—I hope Danny called an ambulance. It doesn’t look like Fiona is going to move any time soon.
The woman hadn’t moved. She was still on her back. Her neck was at an odd angle against the bottom of the door. I walked up to her and reached. I wanted her in a more comfortable position if she was seriously injured.
—Don’t touch her, Jim.
Emma.
—I told you to stay in the trailer with your father.
Okay, so maybe I was being a bit harsh. But you could never tell with Fiona. She could be faking it.
I got a dirty look from Emma as she went into full paramedic mode. She took the woman’s pulse. Checked her breathing. She didn’t move Fiona either.
—She’ll need a neck brace. If it’s broken—
I didn’t say word one. If Fiona’s neck was broken, as far as I was concerned, she’d be out of business for the rest of her life. I picked up the handgun, slipped it into the small of my back, and pulled my shirt over it. The police were arriving, and I had plans for it that I wouldn’t be revealing to Maddie.
Not yet, anyway.
41.
FRIDAY AND LADY were badly shaken when they slammed into Fiona. The sudden stop caused them to land on the steps in disarray. Breathless and gasping for air, they struggled to stand and stay close to Fiona in the confined area.
Convinced that Fiona was definitely out of action, I sent Lady off to find her master. She returned with Boots and Emma and Danny.
The dogs had done an admirable job, though, and after much petting and stroking and words of encouragement, they eventually settled down and began prancing around everyone. Sniffing and snorting and with tails held high. Happy doggie expressions on their faces told the story. They made the rounds more than once. They even bumped their own noses together and snuffled at each another.
The ambulance departed with a still-comatose Fiona. Emma wanted to go with her, but I and her father soon disabused her of that. She remained behind with Danny and the rest of us. It was Boots who mentioned the sound of a gunshot.
—We heard a shot, Jim. What happened to the gun?
I didn’t mention it was tucked in the small of my back.
—I didn’t find it. You’re sure it can’t be traced, Boots?
Just to be sure.
—Not a chance, I promise you that. I’m from a small town in the wilderness, remember?
That was good enough for me.
Following the on-site police interviews, we were herded into the back seats for a ride to the motel. From there I loaded everyone into the Packard and proceeded to make for Emma’s. I even put the top down for the short trip.
Danny said his goodbyes and was about to depart.
—I’ll see you later, Emma.
He hugged her and shook everyone’s hands, and then kneeled to pet and pat the dogs. Friday and Lady lapped up the attention, snuffling and sniffing and licking and sticking cold noses against bare skin. Peels of laughter echoed in Emma’s apartment and Danny almost tumbled on top of them.
—A good girl and a good boy. It doesn’t get better than this.
The dogs separated and pranced around Danny with tongues hanging out and tails held high as he fought his way to the door past the two dogs.
—Don’t say any more, Danny. We have to get these dogs home eventually.
Boots and I headed for a grocery store for steaks and the fixings to grill on the super’s borrowed barbecue. We thanked our lucky stars no one was hurt. We praised the dogs, and they started all over again with the prancing and tail-wagging and snorting and snuffling.
I was pretty sure both would be sore come morning if they weren’t already. If so, they were doing a pretty good job of hiding it to get all the praise they deserved. Exhausted, they eventually wandered off to curl up together in the relative isolation of Emma’s bedroom.
We left Boots and Lady to stay with his daughter after making arrangements to get him to Tallahassee and a plane home. Maddie and I headed off to the motel. After a quick swim, we hit the sheets and passed out, exhausted from the heat and the wind and the dust and the day’s events.
I was so tired I forgot to put her over my knee and spank her for running off on her own. It was probably a good thing, though, because I stayed wide awake, considering doing something similar.
42.
—TEXT ME WHEN you get to the airport, dad. Don’t forget.
Maddie smiled at Emma’s concern for her father, especially after what they had all been through.
—You know he will.
—And dad, when you get home—
Boots interrupted her before his daughter could finish.
—Text, text. Everything is text these days. These new-fangled phones—
—No, dad.
Boots looked at his daughter and waited, a bemused expression on his face.
—When you get home, call me. It’s still a phone, you know.
He grinned.
—Yes, daughter. I’ll call you.
Emma escorted the crowd of people and dogs out the door. She locked it before following them down the steps to the small lobby and outside. Warm sunshine bathed everyone. The humidity was down. It would be a pleasant day.
—Do you have your ticket, dad? And your driver’s license?
Boots sighed.
—Yes, daughter of mine. I have everything right here.
He held up the airline ticket, took out his wallet, and waved the license.
—I’d wave the bag, too, but it’s so heavy I can barely wheel it.
—That reminds me. Don’t forget you have to check your bag this time. They won’t let you through with all those glass jars.
Emma had packed her father’s bag with some of his favorite preserves she had put up weeks ago. They were the same ones her mother used to make for him.
—I made up a sampler for you, Jim. If you like them, I’ll send Maddie the recipes. You’re going to have to be the one to convince her to dedicate her life to cooking and baking for you.
Jim wouldn’t look in Maddie’s direction. He knew the grin on his face said everything.
—Yeah, no. You better send those recipe instructions to me. I don’t think that’ll be happening any time soon.
Maddie exaggerated making a fist and drove Jim a good one in the arm.
—Ouch. That smarts, woman.
—Maybe she could send you an apron to, sweetie.
He made a face and began rubbing at the spot.
—There’ll be a bruise there for a week. See what you’ve started, Emma?
He shook his head.
—The things I have to put up with.
Boots reluctantly called to the dogs.
—Come, Lady. You too, Friday. It’s time to go.
The dogs pranced after Boots, following him to the huge Packard. Friday didn’t look back. Boots opened the door and leaned the seatback forward. Both dogs jumped in the back and waited. Boots climbed in, and they scrambled to rearrange themselves on either side of him.
—What has that man done to my dog? Boots? You can’t take Friday home with you. I won’t allow it.
Boots handed over treats and the dogs settled in beside him. He looked at Maddie and grinned as she called out to him.
—I saw what you did, Boots.
Emma leaned into the Packard and hugged her father, admonishing him a final time.
—Call when you get home. Did you call Janine to let her know when your flight gets into the city?
Boots rolled his eyes.
—Yes, daughter dear. I did. Twice.
—In that case, I’ve asked Maddie to stay with me for a bit. I hope you don’t mind, Jim.
—She’s right. She needs the company.
I couldn’t argue with that. It made sense.
—And don’t you dare let Friday get on that airplane with Boots, gumshoe.
She smiled sweetly at me.
—I would never do anything like that and you know it.
Good-byes said, I made for the highway, and in an hour we were at the airport.
—So long and thank you for everything. You too, Friday. Thank you for keeping my daughter safe. And me. And Lady.
Tears welled up in Boots’ eyes. Friday barked. Lady sat and waited patiently for Jim to open the trunk to retrieve the luggage.
—Holy mackerel, Boots. You were right. This thing weighs a ton.
I tied a bandanna around Lady’s neck. The dog licked my hand. Boots grinned at his dog’s antics.
—I was lucky to get one of Zelda’s pups. She’s a good girl, aren’t you, Lady?
Boots made for the entrance to the airport. Lady pranced along beside him, tail held high. He halted and pulled out his phone and began tapping. The dog stopped beside him and turned and barked. Friday barked back at her before she followed Boots through the door.
—It’s going to be a long drive home, Friday. Once we collect Maddie maybe we can stop somewhere along the way and make a holiday out of it now that everyone is safe.
Then I remembered I had somewhere I needed to be. I mumbled something about talking to a dog. Friday’s cold, wet nose touched my neck.
—Zelda! I mean, Friday. Stop that. Bad boy.
The dog did it again for spite. For good measure he licked at my ear. I broke out laughing.
—That’s my good boy.
43.
IT WOULD BE a short drive to visit Warren and Allie. I was pretty sure Lily and James would want to see Friday, too. I had little trouble convincing Maddie. She must have noticed his ears perk up when I mentioned Lily’s name. She willingly allowed Friday to go along for a visit.
Emma appeared happy that Maddie would stay a little longer. I couldn’t blame her after the nightmare she’d experienced, thanks to Fiona.
—We’ll be back in no time. You two be safe, okay?
I felt guilty as hell, but I averted my eyes and loaded Friday into the Packard.
—See you in a couple.
Friday plopped down beside me. Maddie reached in to pet him. Friday stuck his head out to bark his good-byes and we were off.
Only a couple of hours later I was pulling into the marina parking lot. Friday, recognizing his surroundings, began barking the instant I let him out of the car. Zoe wandered over to investigate the fuss in the parking lot. Friday ran to greet the dog and the barking intensified.
Finally, Lily and James wandered out of a building. Lily recognized the car and screamed. Together the dogs pranced off to investigate further.
—Max Friday. How’s my dog? Are you still my good boy?
Friday knew where his dog food was buttered. He pranced and snuffled and nudged and fussed over Lily and James. Zoe did the same with me, and it was like old home week. I didn’t have time to waste. I went off to find Warren and Hank before the rest of the women came out to see what the fuss was about.
I spotted the men at the end of the pier, tying up a boat. I figured they had just returned from a charter. I got the pleasantries over with and got right to it.
—I have to take a trip. Can one of you take the car and her dog back to Maddie in Blue Springs?
Warren wasn’t having it, of course. I knew he wouldn’t, but after an explanation he went along. I didn’t tell him the real reason. I had no choice. He’d have Allie on me like a wet blanket.
—I’ll need to take Allie, Jim. Maddie isn’t going to like knowing you’re off somewhere without her.
He was stating the obvious. I only mumbled my thanks. I must have sounded guilty as hell. I purposefully hadn’t told him where I was headed. I didn’t mention why, either.
44.
WARREN AND ALLIE discussed what they would tell Maddie on the drive to Blue Springs to return Friday and the Packard. They weren’t happy the way Jim had dropped it all on them. Even so, they swallowed hard and knocked on the door to Emma’s apartment.
Maddie answered the door and Friday scrambled past three pairs of legs. His nose hovered over the kitchen floor and he completely ignored Emma sitting at the table. He sniffed and snuffled and zig-zagged his way through the kitchen and down the short hallway to the bedroom where he doubled down on the search.
Maddie greeted the couple before moving past them to check the hallway in both directions. She regarded Warren and Allie with a raised eyebrow.
—Where’s Jim?
Friday chose that instant to scramble back to Maddie’s side where he promptly sat down. He woofed once, as though to emphasize the question. Warren looked from Allie back to Maddie.
—We don’t know.
—You better come in if you know what’s good for the both of you.
Emma looked up from the table.
—I think I’ll go for a run.
Maddie used the opportunity to go to the kitchen window and look out. The Packard was parked in the street. The marina van was behind it.
—Give me a minute. I’ll be right back.
She took the keys and opened the trunk. Jim’s handgun and the oversize magazines were in their hiding place. She checked a couple of empty stash spaces in the front before returning to the apartment.
—Well, his gun is there. The magazines, too. Are you sure he didn’t say where he was off to?
She was looking at Warren, but the question was really for Allie.
—No, Maddie. He wouldn’t tell us anything. Believe me, we tried. In fact, he said so little he didn’t even swear us to secrecy.
—I tried, Maddie. He wouldn’t say a word to either of us.
Maddie knew Warren had been Jim’s best friend at one time. If Jim hadn’t said a word to the man, it had to be something bad.
—Well dammit to hell. That man is going to be the death of me yet.
She put the coffee on and they sat around the table. Pleasantries over with, Maddie announced her decision.
—I’ll be staying here with Emma until she’s finished with exams. She has a job offer in the city. She’ll be coming back with us.
She looked down at Friday and scratched an ear. The dog whined, making known his disappointment.
—If you should hear from that Nash desperado, you can tell him we’re waiting.
She reached to slap Friday’s side.
—Oh, and one more thing.
Friday snuffled and nudged Maddie’s thigh, as though to remind her he wanted to know where Jim was, too.
—You better make sure to let him know the story better be a good one, or else.
###
More by P X Duke
Twisted Sisters
Detective Jim Nash has a problem. He has a murder victim in an alley and a dead woman in his bed. His own homicide division wants to charge him with murder. To say he’s got serious commitment problems would be an understatement. He's on the lookout for twins, but he doesn't want to date them. He wants to know who murdered them. A modern pulp short story.

Dreams Die Fast
Frank is headed home after spending a long winter on the Baja. When his motorcycle breaks down, he’s trapped in an old ghost town on the west side of the Salton Sea. A woman takes pity on Frank and invites him over for a home-cooked meal. Before he knows it, Frank is knee-deep in cartel drugs with a woman itching to pull the trigger on the gun she’s pointing at his back.

Dreams Die Hard
Frank is back on the road with a reformed junkie on the run from a cartel hit squad riding bitch on the back of his motorcycle. When the duo end up working at a strip club, the seedy edge of the city finally catches up, forcing Frank to dig deep within to triumph over drugs, greed, arson and murder. Some adult content.

Fast Food Slow Waitress
A biker hits all the high spots (or the low spots, depending on your point of view). These short stories find him at a peeler bar off the 15 in Montana; encountering a hitch-hiker off the 10 in New Mexico; being sweet-talked by his landlady; romancing a truck-driving sweetheart in a sleeper at a California truck stop; flirting with a waitress in a restaurant in the high desert. This is an updated and revised version of First Time and other stories previously published.

Dead Reckoning
During a well-deserved R&R on mainland Mexico, Harry picks up something he doesn’t own that forces him to flee across the Sea of Cortez to the Baja. While hiding out on an isolated beach, two mysterious gringas show up to complicate Harry’s life by attempting to implicate him in their own scheme, resulting in a mad dash up the Baja to escape the consequences of their actions.

Long Way Home
When Harry’s ex-wife, Sasha, and their daughter accompany her oil-company boyfriend on a working vacation to Africa, the trio goes missing. They get out a call for help that will lead Harry on an air and ground chase across the Horn of Africa to rescue his family before kidnappers can move them to their den on the Indian Ocean.

Payback
Harry’s comfortable family life is turned upside down when he gets a phone call from a former comrade he thought long dead. When the second call comes in an hour later, the caller asks for his help. He knows his life will never be the same until he can learn what happened to the woman who launched a rescue mission to save his life after his plane was destroyed during a firefight on a bush landing strip in East Africa. Third short novel in a series.

About the author
Aviator. Motorcycle rider. Vagabond. Drifter. Trouble-maker. Jack of all trades and master of none. I've been riding and writing about the places I've been and the people I've seen for a few years now. Some of my writing is factual; some of it isn't. I like to leave it up to readers to decide for themselves which lies might be the truth.

https://pxduke.com  |  author@pxduke.com


