



FOUND
Second Edition



Kimberly Odum Wells
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2013

*****



Smashwords Edition, License Notes

Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com. Thank you for your support.




****




Prelude

 
The girl was small; the top of her head coming to her father’s waist. She worked with her mother in the garden that grew alongside her family hut on most days, but she also went with her father to hunt for meat. It was unheard of in the village, women were gathers.  The girl, while strong, looked like a strong gust of wind could carry her away. But she was stubborn and absolutely adored by her father, who denied her nothing.  The whole village seemed to hold the girl in high regard, which added to the angel’s overall assumption that she was special. 
Hadraniel was one of the angels whose purpose was to find and protect the Guardian Mothers. Since the cleansing of the Watchers, he’d investigated countless girls and women in search of the ones he’d vowed to protect and until now he had never come across anyone he’d felt was the one.
The day was sunny and hot and the sounds of the forest around them were soothing and nonthreatening.  The angel followed behind the girl as she picked timber for the evening’s fire for cooking. She hummed to herself, occasionally singing a verse or two of the song.   She had a lovely voice and the sound of it lulled her follower, which was why it took him an extra step before he realized she had come to a stop.  Hadraniel stepped aside as the girl turned back in his direction, to give her passage back to the village.  
As short as she was, she was still all arms and legs, scrawny ones at that.  She had not gotten her first markings and her dark chocolate skin was flawless. Her hair was shaved but didn’t take away from her beauty. The multi-strand, bright beaded necklace, the girl’s mother had just given her yesterday, was a nice contrast against her skin. On her slender hips, a piece of sand colored cloth hung precariously. Her feet were bare; her lips full large and intelligent, brown eyes stared in his direction. 
“Why are you following me?”
He’d made no sound and had not revealed himself. Surprised at being addressed, it took a second for Hadraniel to rely. “How is it that you can see me?”
Dropping the armload of wood, that was no bigger than large sticks, she put her hands on her hips. Her tone was that of an older sibling speaking to an annoying younger one. “My grandmother had the sight. Now I am the one who sees.”
Angels were emotionless creations but extended time spent on the surface and prolonged time around humans would breach an angels steely reserve.  Hadraniel was too strong to fall as the Watchers had but something about the little girl stirred things in the center of him. 
“Are you here to kill or to protect me?” she asked. 
Hadraniel cocked his head to the side. There was no fear in her voice as she asked if he was there to take her life. Stories from the surface before the Cleansing said humans were weak and feared the unknown. Maybe the Watchers had been wrong. 
“I am a protector. Yours, in fact.”
The girl gave a single sharp nod and bent down to pick up the wood she’d gathered. She didn’t head back to the village, but continued further into the forest, completely ignoring the angel at her back. Hadraniel had never heard of a human being able to see an angel before a reveal.  Any doubt about whom and what the girl was replaced with certainty. He called out to Sariel. 
Sariel appeared beside Hadraniel and the girl turned before either said a word; both should have been invisible to her.  Sariel was an archangel, almost as strong as Hadraniel in strength and power. 
“How long have you been able to see angels,” Sariel asked before the girl had a chance to question him.
“You are the first two.”
“And are you different in any other way?” he asked, bending down to look at the girl like she was a newly discovered species of insect, or in this case human.
“We are all different in many ways, but alike in others. Are we not?”
Sariel straightened and looked at Hadraniel and then back at the girl. He nodded once and placed a hand over his heart. “My name is Sariel. What is yours?”
“Ife.”
They walked behind the girl as she finished with her chore and returned to the village. They were not seen by any of the other villagers and she didn’t mention them to any of her family or the one or two friends she had.  Sariel had also taken the vow to protect the line, but Hadraniel refused to leave her as Sariel left to report the girl to Azriel. Hadraniel took a seat on the branch of a tree that had grown low to the ground not too far from Ife’s hut. At his feet grew a tiny, white flower and to pass the time he picked some and began to weave them together. Angels may be emotionless, but beautiful things didn’t escape them. It wasn’t until Ife came to him that he saw he had made a crown. 
Ife stopped a few feet from him as Hadraniel stood up. He held his arms out and moved a step closer before stopping. His outstretched hands asking the question he didn’t speak. She bowed her head and he lowered the crown on her head, making contact with her skin. The mighty angel fell to his knees. 
The powerful burst of energy had stolen his breath. He knelt in the flowers, head bowed, taking in great gasps of air as he recovered. He raised his head but didn’t stand. Ife had not been affected the same way but she stared at him in amazement. She had been able to see him but there was one thing that had remained hidden. That was no longer the case. Ife could see his wings. 
“You have brought danger to the line,” she said, her voice low, full of awe as she stared at the massive white wings all higher angels had. “My grandmother said I must leave as soon as I’m finished.”
“The Mothers will be born of this tribe and are of my line. As I am in danger, so shall they be. My grandmother says you will find The Queen Mother and only you will be able to protect her. When she needs you the most, you will be there even if the world should stand against her. You will make sacrifices so that she may live. You will be tested many times but you must never give up.”
The soft incandescent light from his wings lit her face and Hadraniel flexed his wings to open them.  Her breath was warm on his face as she exhaled a quiet gasp.  Her thin arm reached out and he watched her face as she stretched it past his face and touched his wing. 
Hadraniel put one fisted hand on the ground to steady himself. He was created without emotion but recognize what he was feeling. The love he had for the little girl was instant. The previous feeling from the brief touch was nothing in comparison. 
“You must not stop or follow me,” she said. 
She ran her hand over his wing before letting her hand drop back to her side.  “Only when the Mothers sit in their rightful places will the world be whole.”
Ife smiled at him before running into the woods behind him. Hadraniel saw her parents standing just inside the entry of their hut before he turned to see someone standing almost directly behind him. Ife waved before grabbing the old woman’s hand. He didn’t try to stop them. He was still kneeling in the flowers when Sariel came back.

Chapter 1: Wila


Darkness greeted me when I opened my eyes from a dream that I couldn’t quite remember. It wasn’t a nightmare but the dream left me feeling uneasy. I lay staring at the ceiling as I tried to force the memory of a sleeping mind. Declaring it a lost cause, I turned my head to look at the clock on the bedside table. The red glowing numbers read six twenty nine. I rolled over, turned off the alarm before it had a chance to go off, and crawled out of bed. Grabbing my clothes from the chair in the corner, I shook off the last bit of sleep before making my way to the only bathroom in the house. It had been more than a year but I still missed having my own bathroom. We moved into the two bedroom house after my mom decided, for the second time in a year, it was time for a change. I was given a twenty four hour notice, by the next evening we were on the road. 
Showered and dressed, I stood in front of the small mirror mounted on the wall in front of the sink. Did I look any different? I’ve looked older than my true age since I was twelve. My mom said I had an old soul. I pulled my hair back with one hand and turned my head from side to side. Same brown eyes that were almost too big for my face, same tiny mouth that was almost too small for the very same face, skin the color somewhere between caramel and paper bag brown.  Nope – I looked the same as yesterday. I sighed, pulling the unruly, thick mane I’d been cursed with into a ponytail before turning on the water to brush my teeth. 
It was my birthday and I was excited for the usual reason any sixteen year old would be. I was old enough to get my driver’s license.  I asked and my mother approved. We both knew I was responsible enough.  I’d even secretly wished for a car. We’d talked about it, and while not out of the question, no decision had been made. We hadn’t been looking for one so I was uncertain if it was in the works. I took a deep breath before heading downstairs for breakfast. 
 When I was younger I asked about my father. My mother only said she didn’t know where he was. I learned that my mother could not be forced, bullied or persuaded to say or do anything more than what she wanted, so I eventually stopped asking about him.
She was a beautiful woman, my mother, though she was not one to flaunt it. I saw how people reacted to her when we were out – men and women. She had a regal manner about her and strength seemed to radiate from her, it said—don’t mess with me or mine. No…Ruth Freeland was not one to be tried.
 I knew I was loved but there was no teenage angst in my home. I was obedient and quiet, a good student and daughter.  I did what was expected of me before being asked. I was respectful to adults, but had been raised to know I had every right to expect and sometimes even demand respect from the very same adults.  I knew my mother’s standards and tried to meet or exceed them at every opportunity.  No rebelling, no temper-tantrums; her word was final and she never changed her mind.
 “What’s that?” I asked, spying the small present on the breakfast bar as soon as I entered the kitchen.
 "Where are your manners Wila.” 
 “Sorry,” I said as I sat down and grabbed a piece of toast. “Good morning.”
Even on one’s sixteenth birthday, with the possibility of a car seconds away from discovery, I was being reminded of lessons learned.  As she poured me a glass of orange juice, my mom took a deep breath, looked at the box on the table and paused before starting. Butterflies took flight in my stomach as I waited for my lecture on road safety and the statistics on teenage drivers and accidents.
“There are some things I need to tell you, but it’s important that you keep an open mind,” she said.
 For some reason the look on her face made me think about the dream from earlier. My mother words left me feeling off center. I would have fidgeted in my seat but years of training kept me still. I had been reprimanded once already today. 
 “Today is your sixteenth birthday, and there are things that have been kept from you.” 
Whatever excitement I’d had for a new car vanished. My mother actually looked nervous, a new look for her and it made me nervous.  I’d never seen any emotion other than the quiet reserve I’d lived with for the last sixteen years. When I was little I imagined my mother a queen or a princess, watching her graceful movements that were never rushed or clumsy. Each one looking planned and well thought out, whether it is folding laundry or buying groceries, nothing she did seemed spontaneous.
 I put down my toast and sat up in my chair giving her my full attention. I had never seen my mother with a man, nor heard her speak of one. Her beauty said that she was single at her own choosing. The thought of the conversation being about my father, or a new man in her life crossed my mind. The idea put me on edge.
“I am not your mother.”
 Just like that, she spoke these words the same as; Good morning, how’d you sleep?  The statement knocked the wind out of me like a sucker punch to the stomach. I didn’t have a chance to respond before she continued.
“Your mother is the strongest woman I have ever known. Her memory has kept the path clear these last sixteen years.”
Still reeling from the news of being adopted, I was unable to utter a single word. There was a ringing in my ears, my heart rate was elevated and I actually shook my head to clear it, hoping I misheard her.
“You are one of seven children, all girls. Your mother had three sets of twins before she had you; her only single birth.” 
“What?” I finally choked out. Filled with so many emotions, I didn’t know where to start. “You’re telling me that not only am I adopted, but I have six sisters?” 
“You were not adopted,” my mom said. The look of confusion on her face only added to mine. Wait…maybe she kidnapped me. The thought made me sick to my stomach.
“Did you take me from my real mother?” I whispered.
“What...No!” She said quickly. The look on her face was enough for me to believe her.  “Your mother gave you to me. She gave all her children away—to protect you.”
Shaking my head, I looked at the woman I had known as my mother. None of this made any sense. I couldn’t wrap my mind around it… at all. 
“I should have told you sooner.  I kept telling myself next year, and next year turned into many. Last night I realized, as much as I love you, I can’t keep you from your destiny. I’m surprise that I was able to keep it from you this long.”
I gaped…with my mouth hung opened. It took me a moment to compose myself enough to ask a question. The conversation was getting more and more…weird…scary…unbelievable.
 “Destiny,” I said, “What does that mean?” 
“It’ll make sense once I’ve explained it all,” my mom said. She offered me a small, strained smile that told me that while she really wanted that to be true. It was highly unlikely.
“Sixteen years ago your mother came to my parents’ house and asked if they would help protect her children. She asked them to help find new homes and guardians for them.”
“Protect them from what?” I asked. 
Visions of a crazed and abusive father flooded my metal vision. In addition to feeling sick to my stomach, I also felt like I needed to lie down. I wanted to go to my room and climb back into bed. Maybe I’d never even gotten up. Maybe I was still dreaming.
 “There were people who wanted to hurt you and your sisters. The next part is where you’ll need to keep an open mind.” 
 She took a resetting breath, all nervousness that I’d seen in her vanished and her confident and regal demeanor returned and oddly enough, it calmed me. I nodded my head for her to go on. I was ready to hear whatever else she had to say, besides, how much worst could it get? 
“Our people’s history tells the story of the seven mothers.  They are the celestial mothers and guardians of the earth, its realms and universe.  Two that will walk amongst the heavens, these Mothers are identical, one blind and one deaf. They are the caretakers of the universe and the symbols of justice, the authorities and bearers of conscience. Two to rule the underworld; they are warriors; they guard and supervise the world of lost souls and two to watch over the earth and its realms. They will live in the forest and are the keepers of history, educators and guardians of the earth.  And finally the Queen, one that is said to be so beautiful that no human can look directly at her.  She is the center and she alone will connect us all. She will be the Queen Mother and the only one able to walk in all realms.”
My mother finished the story and looked at me. I looked back at her not really seeing how her telling me a fairytale cleared anything up. If anything, I was more confused, what an inopportune time for bedtime stories.  It took a moment for her to realize that I still didn’t get it. 
“Wila, you are the Queen Mother.”
My first thought was that my mom had lost her mind. It was the only thing that explained the words that had just come from her mouth.  The second was that she was mistaken. My head was spinning from too much information, too much still unexplained and too much that was just plain… unbelievable. 
I breathed in deeply, as if the act would take away the madness that was happening. Well on my way to hyperventilating, I took a second breath. The release was not the quick exhale I expected. Instead the slow release calmed me. I closed my eyes at the end of it and found the ghost of the dream I’d laid in bed trying to remember earlier. It came to me easily. I had dreamt of my family. It was as if I’d suddenly been snapped out of hypnosis as the memory of seven small girls filled my vision. 
I was an unseen guest in the dream, as I looked down at the children on the floor of a nursery. The sun bathed the room in bright light. I raised my head from the children at my feet to look around. There were two cribs set up side by side on one wall. A large rocker was next to the window and the sheers were blowing gently as a breeze blew threw them. The small chest of drawers was white and had pink flowers with blue ribbon painted on each drawer front, tiny glass knobs twinkled. The floor was hardwood, darkened by age. There was soft singing coming from another room but I barely notice, but I knew the voice. The children held me captive and the voice was secondary to them. The one in the middle, the youngest, was me. The other six, my sisters, surrounded my small newborn body, two on each side, one at my head and one at my feet. They were patting my legs, rubbing my arms, kissing my forehead. They love me.  
“Where are they?” I whispered. I hadn’t opened my eyes even though I no longer saw them. Like earlier, I was trying to will the dream back and opening my eyes would break the magic. 
“I don’t know.” There was sadness in my mom’s voice that mirrored my feelings and I let go of the dream and opened my eyes. "It was safest if no one knew where the others were going,” she said.
“In all these years you never heard anything?” 
 I wanted to be angry, but I wasn’t. I wasn’t upset at all. I was in shock, too shocked to cry, but the tears were circling in my chest, right above my heart…waiting 
.“I want to find them?”  I said in a voice that I was surprise didn’t catch. Only years of mimicking the woman in front of me held the tears at bay. 
“I don’t know if that’s a good idea,” my mom answered.
“I don’t understand.”  My voice was deceivingly calm. It was at that moment that I realized how much I was like her. I’d often wondered about her past, what type of childhood she had that allowed her to be this person? Now I knew; she’d raised me the same way.
“The threat may still be there now. Trying to find your family, or mine, could put you in danger.” 
The mention of her family opened a whole other world of what-the-hells. There were only a few stories she’d ever shared with me. She rarely spoke of her past and what she told me was short, vague and devoid of any really information. Like my father, it was another thing I’d stopped asking about.
“The prophecy of the Mothers is an old one and its time had passed.  Only a few people still believed. My parents, along with a few other elders, were the last in our village. Your mother found a threatening note and decided to hide you and your sisters.” 
 My mother had been standing on the other side of the small kitchen island and I watched her come around it to be closer to me. She took my face in her hands. She kissed my forehead, something she hadn’t done since I was a little girl. 
“I love you and your safety comes first. I will always protect you, can you understand that?” Her eyes pleaded with me; the fear of something happening to me radiated off her like heat. “You need to understand that the danger you’re in is life or death.”
I understood completely. From the look in her eyes, to the feeling of absolute panic that was passing between us, I had no choice but to. It still didn’t change my mind. I wanted to find my family and hers too. 
“So where do we start?” I asked.
With a sigh and nod, she released my face before she sat down next to me. “We go back to where it all began. We go back to our home town.”
 I stood up filled with nervous energy and excitement. “I can’t believe it.” 
“No, I suppose not, if you weren’t raised in the old ways.”
I bowed my head taking it all in.  “So, me and my sisters are the guardians of the world?”
“My sisters and I,” she corrected me, “But that’s right.”
The words sound ridiculous, but I believed them, more importantly, I believed my mom. I chewed on the inside of my mouth, a bad habit I’d had for as long as I could remember.  My mom teased me on this self-cannibalism. It was worst when I was deep in thought.  My head had begun to hurt a little, like it did when I almost have something figured out but not quite.
 “So when can we leave?” I asked. 
“Right now, let’s pack.”
 We hadn’t touched the food except for the one piece of toast.  I hadn’t even drunk my juice. In the excitement of the morning, I’d all but forgotten the small box on the table, my birthday gift. No longer thinking it held the keys to a car, new or used, I picked up the present.  Slightly larger than a ring box, it was wrapped as only my mother would wrap a present; in handmade paper with a pink handmade paper flower on top. I opened it with surprisingly steady fingers. 
 Sitting on a mound of white cotton was a beautiful locket. At first glance it looked like blackened metal, but it was made of wood. The size of a large silver dollar, it had intricate gold and silver filigree that made the design of a tree. The trunk and branches and all but one of the leaves were silver. The single gold leaf had an extra sparkly, glittery, shimmering thing going on.  I turned the locket over and on its back was a seven pointed star. Each point had a jewel. It seemed very old. I looked up with questions on my lips but my mom stopped me. 
“No more questions. We’ll be sitting here sixteen more years if I tried to answer all the questions you have.”  Coming back around the kitchen bar she took the locket from my hand and slipped it over my head and then pulled my hair out from under the chain. The locket lay directly in the center of my chest. 
“It’s beautiful I know. I’ll tell you more about your present once we’re on the road. Go now, it’s time to pack.”
Four hours later we were on the road. Phone calls had been made to stop the mail and newspaper service. I had set timers for the lights. My gut told me I would never see the tiny, neat house again. I’d looked back only once to say goodbye to my room after I’d finished packing before heading downstairs for the last time.  Between the two of us we had two large duffle bags, my back pack, a large messenger bag and my mom’s purse. We threw all the bags in the back of the Jeep and the purse sat in its customary place between us. We rode with the top off. It was a great April afternoon – cool, but the chill of winter gone. We traveled with the sun on our face and the wind in our hair.  
“I found the necklace once we were settled. I don’t know if it was your mother’s, or if she had it made it for you. I’ve taken it to a couple of places trying to find out anything I could.”
I couldn’t stop looking at the locket and when I wasn’t looking at it, I was touching it.  I couldn’t find a clasp or hinge but it felt hollow. I even shook it once. 
“It was probably custom made.” My mom looked back and forth from the road to me.  “No one has been able to open it for fear of damaging it,” she continued to yell over the sound of the wind.
 I’d been holding the locket and rubbing my fingers along the front. It was comforting. I’d found yet another habit.  “Do you really think we can find them, our families?” I asked.
“We will never stop trying.” 
I thought back on the vision—I no longer thought of it as a dream. Could you dream awake? The seven children on the floor of the nursery with the sound of our mother’s voice, so soft it was part of the air around us. I couldn’t have been older than a few weeks old, maybe a month. My parents didn’t waste time. It seemed my sisters and I was separated by no more than a year, if that.
“Their names,” I asked.
“The oldest are Enid and Amala, Enid is deaf and Amala blind. Then there’s Sveva and Amara, and the youngest are Oneta and Alma.”
Enid and Amala were the guardians of Heaven and if the rest were named in order of the story then that would make Sveva and Amara the earth guardians, leaving Oneta and Alma the ones for the underworld. They would be only a year older than me. The thought of two seventeen year olds controlling what I thought of as hell was…crazy. 
The empty, two lane highway stretched out in front of us with no signs of civilization. I looked to the side, watched the trees as they blurred into a shade of green that was iridescent. How many times had I pretended that one of our moves was an adventure? But we’d always moved to remote, out-of-the-way places, never to a city or anywhere exciting, now I knew why. My mother had kept me hidden; afraid for my safety. It was all so surreal.   I didn’t know where we were headed but the adventure was on the horizon. 
“What realms?” I asked turning back to my mother. 
“The only one I know of for certain is fairy. The fae sent a couple who took Amara and Sveva.”
“Who took the others?” 
I turned my body to point towards my mom, tucking my leg under me and grabbed the seatbelt to loosen its choke hold. 
“Our village’s elders took the oldest and their grandson took Oneta and Alma.”
“What did the note say?” 
Mom shook her head. “I don’t know, but my parents called a meeting and word was sent to Fairy the same night. By the next day there were guardians for all the children.”
“What was she like? My…mother?”
I wanted to whisper the word. It sounded wrong but right. The woman sitting next to me had raised me but I couldn’t call the unknown woman, whose voice rang sang softly in my head anything other than mother. Mom said she’d kept all this from me because she didn’t want to let me go. I didn’t know if I was ready to let her go either. I did know I didn’t want to hurt her. To my relief she didn’t look hurt at all. She smiled. 
“Tiny,” she said. “But you look a lot like her.”
I was tall. Five eleven and a half to be exact. I had been the tallest child in my class since first grade. Last year was the first that a few of the boys had finally caught up with me, finally hitting growth spurts. Now that the subject of looks came up, I thought of how much I favored my mom. Her skin was the color of dark chocolate; mine several shades lighter, but there were enough similarities between us that I never looked at her and thought I belonged to anyone else. Our hair texture was similar, her curls were softer and shiny and she wore her hair in an afro that haloed her head.  My hair’s curls were tighter and I grew it out longer. It required a bottle of conditioner a week to keep it manageable. We had the same shape eyes and nose but her mouth was wide and her lips thick. I’d always envied that. I knew I was pretty but I was far from vain, because even with the shared characteristics, standing next to my mother I looked plain.  
We’d been traveling down Highway 11 and decided to stop to get something to eat and fill up on gas. The wood building’s exterior was painted dark beige with a complimentary dark brown trim. The gravel crunched under our feet as we made our way to the door. My mom held the door open for me and I entered the dim diner. It had a western motif. There was a blown up photo of a man on a horse riding in a parade on one of the walls.  Stenciled ivy and cowboy boots bordered the ceiling. The place was deserted except for the lone waitress sitting on a stool behind the counter next to the cash register. It was one of those places you didn’t want to look too close or you might leave. I was sure that the food would be good.  We sat in a corner booth and my mom picked up the well worn menu. The plastic cover was cloudy from age. 
“We’re going to start with the small town that was once our village.  It’s a few hundred miles from here but we’ll reach it today.”
The middle aged waitress wore a pink uniform and a surprisingly pristine white apron.  She smiled and nodded her hello before putting silverware on the table. She’d also brought a couple of glasses of water and straws. Her name tag identified her as Alice. 

Chapter 2: The Angel


There are many types of angels: warrior, guardians, even those that mankind would call scholars, or historians. There are angels that are meant to aid humans and those who are never meant to see the surface. There are big angels and small angels and some angels that have no form at all but each has a purpose and when the Watchers fell it changed the course of the world and universe they lived in. Nothing was left unaffected by the rebellion, not the formless angels that filled the night sky, or the heavenly angels whose great white wings could block the sun or light the dark of night.  When the Great Creator returned, it was to destroy the world, but instead the new world was given a second chance, and some angels a new purpose. An oath was taken, a vow sworn, one of protection and aid. 
Mankind had their theories and beliefs – the angels had the prophecy of the Mothers. 
He had taken on many names since his banishment. In this time he was called Lucius. He was as old as time but you wouldn’t know it. He appeared to be in his late teens or early twenties. Lucius sat on the edge of his bed. He didn’t’ require much sleep; needing any was something he had gotten use to. It still annoyed him. Standing up, he walked the short distance from the bed to the small bathroom. Generic white tiles, shower stall, toilet, vanity sink with square mirror mounted on the wall; the bathroom, like the rest of the apartment, was tiny but immaculate.
The pipes didn’t protest much as he turned on the water to the shower. He kept a tube of liquid nails under the sink for the times it seemed like a freight train was coming through the pipes instead of just good old H2O. 
He stepped into the stall before waiting the ten minutes it took his water to heat to lukewarm and if he had been still sleepy, the ice water that covered his body woke him right up. He was getting out by the time the temperature had gotten closer to something a person wanted to bathe in and not something pulled out of a refrigerator. He dried and pulled on a pair of jeans that were so old and faded, they felt like something you slept in instead of denim. 
The coffee pot was programmed and brewed while he was in the shower. After pouring a cup he went to the large antique desk that took up much of the floor space in the living room area. It was too big for the studio apartment, but he’d grown fond of it. It was the only piece of furniture that had been with him for any amount of time. He moved around a lot; searching for signs, going from place to place following myth, folklore and legend in an attempt to keep his vow.
Sitting down in an old office chair that should have groaned from his weight, he pulled open one of the large bottom drawers and took out a massive leather book before turning on the computer. He had come up with an elaborate record keeping system that only he could make sense of. There were times he was sure his place had been searched. A piece of paper out of place or a drawer not left in the same half opened position; little things that would have gone unnoticed by almost anyone else. No one could decipher the code, so he was always amused on those occasions when someone had been sent to check up on him. 
While he waited for the computer to start he reached into the middle drawer and pulled out a worn black and white speckled journal. It matched the countless others that lined the bookshelves that took up every available inch of wall space. Lucius was about to type in the password to his computer when there was a knock on the door. 
“I know you’re in there.” 
The voice from the other side of the closed door was one that he knew well.  Lucius unbolted the numerous, useless locks and opened the door. 
“It’s been a long time,” he said as he stood back to let the angel enter. “What some coffee?”
Sariel was the same height as Lucius but that’s were their similarities ended. Lucius dark brown hair that would turn blond around his temple if he spent too much time in the sun, hung down his back and was tied with a piece of leather. Sariel’s ginger hair fell in soft curls around his face. Lucius eyes were hazel but sometimes looked gold or green, depending on what he was wearing or his mood. Sariel’s eyes were pale green, so light that only the dark ring around the iris kept the color from disappearing into the whites of his eyes.    Lucius had broad shoulders and a thick muscular chest that matched equally impressive arms and legs. Sariel was built lean, like a long distance runner or swimmer. 
“Honestly, I don’t know how you can stand the stuff. Do you have any soda?” 
“Soda…” Lucius repeated, opening the fridge and moving Chinese take-out boxes and other assorted containers around. “No, but I have some orange juice. Will that do?”
Sariel let out an exaggerated sigh from the desk where he thumbed through the notebook Lucius had left opened. “Sure.” 
He went through several more pages before he gave up and turned back in Lucius’s direction. “You’re still looking?”
“Have I given reason for you to believe I had given up?” he asked, handing Sariel his juice. 
“No, but I still wonder what your plan is, if you find her.” 
It was no longer an argument, nor was it a debate. Each visit started the same. Did it matter that sometimes sixty, even seventy years passed before they were in the same room? No.  Sariel knew the banished angel would never stop looking and he didn’t doubt that he’d find the Queen. He was worried.  
Already tired of the game Sariel played, Lucius took a deep breath before he answered. “When I find her…I plan on keeping her safe.” 
“And how do you plan on that when Azriel sends his most powerful?”
If Sariel was angry he didn’t show it. He’d spent enough time on the surface in his lifetime that the stoic, robotic ways of an angel had left him. Now he looked as serious as those who had never left the heavens. 
“And where do you stand? Who has your allegiance?” Lucius asked; his own expression blank.

Sariel smiled behind his raised glass before taking a long drink. “I stand with you of course.”
Lucius walked to the desk while Sariel sat in a small chair in the corner next to the room’s lone window. He played with the leaves of a small potted plant on the window sill. 
“I have good news and better news,” he said. 
The plant was dead from neglect or maybe the inadequate skills of its owner. He touched one and watched the plant bloom. Sariel was an archangel, Lucius, his best friend. He’d found Lucius within the first century of his banishment and knew the consequences if he were ever caught, but he had stayed loyal. 
“So?” Lucius said, tired of waiting. 
Sariel looked at the plant for a moment longer before turning and answering. “I know where one of the Mothers are, quite possible the Queen.”
Lucius sat up so quick he was almost thrown from the chair. “What did you say?” He stood, knocking the large leather book from the desk and was standing in front of Sariel in two strides. “What...When...For how long?”
“Sit down and I’ll explain.” 
Sariel stood, putting his hand on Lucius shoulder. He could feel the muscles jumping beneath the fabric of his shirt. Lucius was taller than Sariel, outweighed him and appeared to be physically stronger. He was not. Sariel was still a heavenly angel, with his full powers. Lucius could wipe the floor with any human man but he was about as menacing as a gnat to Sariel. Not that he’d ever fight Lucius.  Showing him back to his seat, he picked up the book and put it back on the desk before returning to his own seat. Lucius sat on the very edge of his chair. 
“A year or so ago a lower angel brought back a story about a woman who was in possession of a locket. She was looking for information. The locket was made of black wood with a tree on one side and a seven pointed star on the other.
“The axis,” Lucius whispered in disbelief.
Axis mundi were ordinarily places; sacred and holy locations spread across the earth surface. One had been created as a piece of jewelry; a gift for the Queen Mother, thrown from the heavens by the Creator. 
“The woman received the necklace from a family friend and was going to give it to her daughter on her sixteenth birthday. She wanted to know the history behind it, if there was one.”  Sariel was relaxed, leaned back in his chair with his legs crossed at the knee. He plucked at a piece of imaginary lint on his all white outfit as he toyed with Lucius. 
Lucius had to restrain himself from trying to yank the angel up by the collar of his shirt as he waited for the rest of the story. He hoped the end was soon coming. He didn’t know how much longer he could hold out. Already he was itching to get on the road. 
“I’m not sure how the angel happened to find the man but I’m certain he’s not told Azriel. Things are getting bad. He’s banished so many angels for bringing him useless information that, half of the leads are never passed in fear of the punishment.” Sariel finished with sadness in voice. Lucius could have cared less. The look of frustration on his face got his friend back on track. 
“I questioned the man myself. As it turned out he was very helpful. He’d taken the phone number of the woman and a photo of the locket.”
“What are we waiting on?” Lucius all but yelled.
Finally annoyed with his desire to rush into certain death, Sariel closed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose. “I know you’re anxious. I suggest you stop interrupting.”
 The statement and angel’s tone was enough to get Lucius to sit back down. Sariel rushed through the rest of the story and finally opened his eyes. Spending so much time on the surface, watching over his friend had allowed human emotions to plague his body, but at least he could return to the heavens. Lucius had been on the surface for centuries with no reprieve. It was to only thing that made Sariel patient with his friend as he looked into his angry face.
“Are you sure?” Lucius asked.
“Yes… well fairly sure. I felt her presence before I saw her. I’ve visited often as I tried to figure out what to do.” 
“What to do?” Lucius said, pushing up from his chair, sending it flying behind him. He paced the small area in front of the desk. “So you’ve known where she was for two years and you’re just now telling me.”
“Not quite two years, and I knew once I told you where she was you’d go to her.  Azriel is still watching you and it would only be a matter of time before one of his angels found you and her.” Sariel ran his hands through his hair.
“You have no real powers to protect her and you…will…fail.” Sariel stressed each of the three words. He would never give up trying to get his friend to listen to reason; a friend whose shocked and angered stare made him wonder why he even bothered sometimes. “So I decided to find out if there was a way to get your wings back.”
The last words shocked Lucius out of his anger. 
“The one you vowed to protect had the ability to give you back your wings.  She has the ability to do all things.”

Sariel walked to the bed and reached under it for the suitcase he knew was there. He was throwing it on the bed when Lucius stopped pacing and joined him. Lucius didn’t say anything as Sariel went to the closet and began to pull clothes off hangers. He stood behind him as the angel threw random clothes on the bed, trying to control his breathing. Was he short of breath from the news of the location of the person he’d traveled the world several times over looking for, or from the shock of the idea of having his wings back after a thousand years? Either way, impatience was a real thing, it drew his body tight. He willed each muscle to relax and flexed his fingers after uncurling his fisted hands. 
“First we pack, and then we leave,” Sariel said, with his back still to Lucius. 
Grabbing the last pair of jeans in the closet, he turned. The two looked at each other across the small space, both frustrated for different reasons. Sariel knew Lucius didn’t have a death wish. But where time on the surface had made Sariel fun loving and laid back, it had made Lucius…angry. Or maybe that had something to do with the banishment. Either way, Lucius had never wavered from what he believed to be his purpose. It was something a lot of heavenly angels could no longer boast. There was change on the horizon and had been since the prophecy was set in motion. But it was getting closer and Sariel knew that Lucius had an important part to play. He couldn’t go rushing off hot-headed with no plan, no powers and a chip on his shoulder the size of Atlas’s celestial sphere. 
“I know you’ve waited for a long time for this but we can’t just run off and try to save the day. We’ll both end up dead, or worse, get her killed.” The thought sent chills along his spine. “We’re going to take whatever information you’ve gathered that may help us and then we are going to leave for her house. Along the way, we’ll figure out a plan where the ending includes all of us alive.”
Lucius calmed down. Of course Sariel was right. Lucius had great strength and speed, he could offer protection from any mortal but anything else would be impossible. He cursed the human emotions that ran unchecked in him and the weakness of being bound.
 “Okay.” He tried to expel the anxious and nervous energy of knowing where she was in a single long breath.  
“My wings… why do you think she can give them back to me?” He neatly folded the clothes Sariel had thrown behind him as he raided the closet.
“Yes and I can’t believe that neither of us thought of it before.” Sariel walked over to the window picking up his half full glass of orange juice.  “The Queen Mother is the one that rules. She would have the ability to do all things. Her power would be second only to the Almighty’s. She would have the ability to give you your wings.”
Lucius didn’t ask why Sariel had him pack most of his clothes, didn’t ask where they were going or how long he’d be gone. When he finished packing he cleaned the refrigerator and picked up the potted plant that Sariel revived and walked down the hall. He gave the plant to the landlady and paid his rent for the next three months and followed behind Sariel as he led the way to the front of the building. , Waiting on the curb was a brand new white Range Rover. 
“Where’d this come from?”  It was just like Sariel to drive something so over the top flashy.
“What,” Sariel said, walking around the to the driver’s door, “Too much?”

The lulling comforts of the leather seats in the luxury SUV went unnoticed as Lucius sat in the passenger seat trying hard not to push down on Sariel’s knee to get him to go faster. They made the trip in silence, each deep in thought.  They drove through the night but Lucius was surprised just how close he’d been to one of the Mothers and if Sariel was right – the Queen Mother. He wondered how many other times had he been within driving distance. The thought made him want to scream.
It was still dark but the new day was a whispered promise in the sky when Sariel parked the car on the side of the road near the wooded area that surrounded the home they were headed for. A symphony of frogs, night birds and cicadas was music that only country living could make a person appreciate. They were silent as they made their way through thick underbrush and low handing tree branches until Sariel stopped Lucius by putting a hand on his arm. 
It was four in the morning when they finally came to a spot where they could see the house but were hidden from view by surrounding trees. The small wood home was painted white.  It had black shutters and a red door. Even with the hour being early there was an upstairs light on. No one passed in front of the window but they hadn’t been standing there long when a second, downstairs light, came on. Sariel and Lucius stood side by side, shoulder to shoulder and waited. As the sun came over the horizon Lucius felt the second person in the house get up and knew without seeing her, she was the one.
It had been a thousand years but he would never forget the feeling he’d experienced kneeling in the bed of flowers in front of the little girl that had shown no fear. It had taken touch to bring him to his knees. Fifty feet and a wall stood between him and the one he was destined to protect, but it was no different. The air was thin and hard to breath or maybe that was caused by the sudden tightness in his chest. His shoulder blades where his wings would have attached to his body itched and burned.  Sariel had described the pull but it was so much more and Lucius fought his body to stay in place. He had searched for so long and she was just across the road. His whole body tensed as he concentrated on not moving a single inch for fear of bolting from the wooded area. He knew Sariel could stop him if he was not strong enough. Minutes felt like hours; hours felt like weeks as they waited until finally the front door of the house opened.
Her hair hung down her back in long corkscrew curls almost touching her waist. She was tall, almost six feet. Her skin was the color of caramel and even from where he stood Lucius could see it was perfect. He wasn’t as powerful in his bound state but he was still and angel and that afforded him strength and heightened senses. Large, almond shaped, brown eyes, slim nose with a narrow bridge and slightly wide nostrils, her mouth was wide and would show a lot of teeth when she smiled. She was beautiful. 
“That’s her,” Lucius whispered the statement but Sariel nodded, having heard his friend. 
She stood next to the Jeep after throwing a bag in the back. She looked in the direction of the two hidden angels before lifting her head to the heavens. She fingered, what must be the axis as she took a deep breath before going back in the house. Lucius only allowed his own breath when she was no longer in sight. He was still reining in his shot control when the girl and a woman came out of the house. The woman was carrying a bag and a large tote. The girl followed with a rolling cooler and pulled off when everything was loaded.
“I’m going to follow them. You check out the house.” 
The rest of the instructions dried up in Sariel’s mouth as he turned to look at Lucius after the car was out of sight. His hands were fisted at his side and every muscle was coiled tight. Sariel could almost feel the angels overriding emotions. He was like a trapped animal backed into a corner. He had no doubt if he tried to touch his friend they’d end up fighting. 
Taking a deep breath he spoke in a soft voice, full of understanding. “Lucius you’d never get back to the car in time to follow them.”
He was being unreasonable, he knew, but it didn’t stop him from being so. Lucius didn’t trust himself to speak so he simply nodded. Without a word Sariel disappeared. He’d never missed having his wings more than at that very moment. Turning back to the house, he looked in the direction the car had driven off in before leaving his hiding place. Crossing the road he headed for the rear of the house and entered it through the back door. 

 The house was dark and had the lingering smells of breakfast. The kitchen, a small den and half bath was all there was to the downstairs area. He took the stairs two at a time to the second floor. Lucius went into what must have been the woman’s room. It was dark because the sun was on the other side of the house. Without turning on a light he looked around. 
A bed, night stand, chest of drawers and rocking chair next to the window, with one of those large swivel mirrors next to, made up the room’s furnishing. He left the room and passed the opened bathroom door to the room at the end of the hall. Unlike the first room and bathroom the door was closed. 
Lucius placed his hand on the door before resting his forehead on it. He took in a deep breath. The smell of breakfast had grown fainter even in the short time he’d been in the house but he still picked up traces of it upstairs. He could smell soap and a second floral smell that could have been shampoo or maybe perfume. Beneath that, coming from the closed room, he smelled things that should not have had a scent: sunshine and rain, moon light and a night’s breeze. Those were coupled with the smell of green meadows full of wildflowers, honeysuckle and dark, fertile soil. He took a second breath, to commit the scent to memory before lowering his hand and grabbing the doorknob. Raising his head he turned the knob and opened the door.
The room looked like any other teenage girl’s room. A very neat teenage girl. There were no posters on the wall and the bed was made, there were no clothes thrown or lying around. Everything was in its place. The twin size bed had a matching white night stand with a glass lamb with a blue and white shade. There was a small vanity and desk with a neat stack of school books on it. 
Lucius walked over to the vanity and traced the edge of it. He turned in a slow circle, trying to figure out what would be making him feel like something was off with the tidy room. Nothing jumped out as wrong but he couldn’t shake the feeling that something wasn’t right. He sat down on the bed, ran his hand across the pillows. He closed his eyes and breathed in the smell no chemicals could ever reproduce. He opened his eyes and figured out what was wrong when they landed on the stack of books on the desk. 
He ran from the room pulling his phone from his pocket before jumping over the banister. He grabbed the knob of the front door and sprinted down the dirt road while he dialed Sariel’s number, who answered before the first full ring had finished and started talking before Lucius could get a word in. 
“I think there leaving,” Sariel said.
“I know.  Where are you?”
“Still following them, how did you know something was wrong?” 
“Her books are still on the desk in her room.”
“If I turn around I’ll lose them.” 
“No, keep going. I’ll catch up.” 
Lucius ended the call before Sariel could say anything else and pushed himself to run faster. Quick reflexes kept him from tripping and sharpened sight help him navigate the area without getting his head knocked off as he ran. He’d never had to push the limits of his earthbound strength. His breath still came easy as he all but ran out in the street when he emerged on the stretch of road he and Sariel had parked on earlier. He had to find a car and quick. At the end of the dirt road he looked in both directions for any sign that might help him figure out which way would be the best direction to take off in to find a car. Both looked equally unpromising. He was about to call Sariel back to find out what direction he needed to head in when he saw a car coming. Behind the wheel of was a teenage boy. 
“Perfect,” Lucius said aloud and start waving his arms around.
The boy, about seventeen, pulled over not too far from where Lucius stood. Lucius thought how lucky he was that the Queen lived in a place where people still trusted enough to pull over and offer a stranger a ride.
“Need a lift?”  The boy asked, leaning out the window a little.
“I’ll give you a thousand dollars if you let me borrow your car. Give me your number and I’ll call you with the location after I drop it off.”
The boy opened the car door so quick that he almost hit Lucius with it. “Sure thing mister, the car’s not worth a thousand dollars but it runs great and the tank’s full.”
Lucius handed the boy the money, thanked him and pulled off before the door was all the way closed. 
“Okay, I have a car.” Lucius had the gas pedal to the floor. “If you’re going the speed limit I should catch up to you in the next half hour or so if I can keep this speed, forty-five minutes if I can’t.”
After a moment of shocked silence Sariel spoke, “What… how?”  
Lucius ignored Sariel’s befuddlement. “Do you know where they’re going?”
“No, did you find anything at the house?”
“No personal effects. No one would be able to tell who lived in the house if they don’t go back.”
“After all this time, the line of that little girl is still on the run.”
There was silence on the line as both men thought back on the little girl Lucius had found a thousand years ago.  He’d had little doubt after speaking to her and absolutely none after she’d brought him to his knees with a touch. Ife words had become prophecy for Lucius. He’d remained kneeled in the bed of flowers and said a prayer, one for strength and patience. 
“I don’t have a charger and I don’t want the phone to go dead. Call me if you stop or change directions.” Lucius said, swallowing down the emotions raising like the tide and hung up without saying goodbye, willing the car to go faster.

Chapter 3: A Chance Encounter


 “I’m going to fill up the Jeep, why don’t you go and grab some snacks before we leave.” 
We’d finished eating and were getting back on the road. My mom was one of those people who hated to stop when traveling. So I took her suggestion more like an order. The diner had an adjoining convenience store and gas station. It only had two pumps and the roof over us sagged dangerously. I wondered if my mom was worried about being flattened, I know I was.  
We would drive until we reached the outskirts of the town where I was born and check into a hotel since it would be too late to start knocking on doors and questioning the locals. It seemed like a sure thing – to find someone who’d lived in a small town for sixteen or more years, but neither of us spoke of what we would do if we didn’t find anyone.  I allowed myself a brief moment to wish that my mom and dad may even still be in the town.  But wishful thinking soon lost out to good old common sense. If my birth mother was smart enough to know we needed to be hidden, she would have been smart enough to get out of town too. 
I was deep in thought when I walked into the store. I hardly registered the tinkling of the bell above the door when I pushed it open and entered the just barely air-conditioned store. Walking up and down the aisle, chewing the inside of my mouth, I rubbed my fingers across the surface of my new necklace. I day-dream shopped, not really looking at the rows of bagged two for a dollar candy. I was about to make my second pass through when I noticed him staring at me from the far corner over by the drink coolers.  I had a feeling he’d been watching me for a while. I’d never paid attention much to the opposite sex. My general attitude on dating was – Why bother? With my mother’s nomadic moving tendencies we never stayed anywhere long enough for me to take an interest in anyone or them me. But I had about as much chance of ignoring him as I did the feeling growing in my center.
In the place right below my heart and right above my stomach, it felt both heavy and fluttering. As if stone butterflies were bouncing around in my chest cavity. As I stood there, staring back at this point, the fluttering stopped but the weighed feeling spread until my arms and legs felt heavy. Weighed or not, my legs started to move. I was being pulled to him. I could feel it like a rope attached to my midsection. I would have looked down to confirm but I couldn’t seem to stop looking at him. He had the same problem. It saved me from being embarrassed about gawking at him.
I was tall, he was taller, at least six three. His skin was shades darker than mine. His hair was pulled back and I wanted to touch it to see if it really was as soft as it looked. His eyes were small but intense. They were hazel and reminded me of a large predatory cat; a lion or tiger maybe. He had a prominent nose and thick full lips. He was…beautiful. He was also out of my league. The closer I got, the older he looked. By the time I’d stopped, a foot was all that separated us and I’d gone from thinking him a few years older than me to thinking he was a whole lot older, although he still looked the same. There was something about his eyes. 
“Hi, I’m Wila, you from around here?”
I could have slapped my forehead for such a cheesy pickup line. It was totally unlike me. The guy continued stare. I wet my lips and was about to work my magic with the equally classic: Cat got your tongue, when a second guy walked up.
“No, just passing through, how about you?” 
I tried to smile but in the end I’m sure the look I had was more in line with puzzled. The feeling had intensified to include a tingling and the pull or attraction I had was stronger than ever. Neither of them commented on the look on my face. I’d forgotten I asked a question when the first guy spoke. 
“Hadraniel,” he said in a voice that was both low and filled the tiny space we stood in. 
“But you can call him Lucius,” the other interrupted quickly, “I’m Sariel.”
“You’re named after the angel of love?” I asked completely ignoring the other guy whose name I didn’t catch. 
I was still waiting on Hadraniel to answer my question when the bell over the door went off. 
“Ife.”
My mom had come looking for me, which meant I’d been standing there longer than I thought. I looked over my shoulder and saw her stalking our way. Her lips had almost completely disappeared as she tightened them in frustration. 
“Let’s go.”
Ife was my first name and my mom had called me by it until third grade. It was the only argument I’d won. I’d begged her to call me Wila after being teased. Now she only called me by it if she was really trying to get my attention. Both of the guys looked liked they’d been slapped and did double takes, first looking at my mom and then at me. 
Ordinarily I would have obeyed my mother, but something held me in place. I couldn’t move. I didn’t even acknowledge her. I turned my head and looked at Hadraniel or Lucius or whatever he called himself; waiting on him to say something else. 
My mom arrived, stood next to me, looked between the three of us and waited for me to get moving.  When it became obvious I wasn’t, she tried again. 
“Now.” 
I knew she was annoyed and fast approaching upset, not quite mad but close, because I hadn’t heard her use that voice since I was a younger. 
“I thought you said it was Wila,” he finally said. 
In a voice unlike any that I had ever spoken in, I continued my conversation, completely ignoring my annoyed, slightly mad mother. “It’s both. Ife Wila Freeland.” 
I could hear my mother’s gasp from beside me. We had just had a conversation about me being in, not only danger but mortal danger, and there I was in the middle of nowhere giving a complete stranger my full name.  Two of them in fact, the second guy was still there too.
“Mom’s the only person that ever calls me Ife. It seems too old for me, like someone’s grandmother’s name.” 
If I had been in my right state of mind I would have stopped but I wasn’t. I hadn’t been since I’d set eyes on tall, dark and menacing. I was smitten, a word I didn’t think I’d used in describing myself…ever…in life.  But even smitten didn’t seem like the right word. Bewitched maybe?
“Lucius we have to get going ourselves,” Sariel spoke up.  “It was very nice to meet you Wila. I’m Sariel by the way.”
My mom turned her attention to Sariel and gave him a smile that was both, rude and polite simultaneously, “Very nice to meet you, and you too, Lucius.” Completely ignoring Sariel’s outstretch hand, she turned her attention back to me. “Ife, I’ll not ask again.”  She walked to the door and held it open, waiting on me to join her.
Lucius extended his hand. “It was very nice to meet you Wila.”  
I was not sure if he meant to shake it, kiss it, or take in and run for the hills.  I would have happily taken any of the three. I was suddenly very excited at the opportunity to touch him. I looked into his eyes, feeling like the unspoken words that were on my lips were about to be passed to him through touch.  I lifted my hand and touched his. 
For a moment the world seemed to stand still. I took in a quick breath and saw him do the same. I was surprised the handshake wasn’t painful because we both were holding on tight, like with a stranger should last.  He released my hand, turned and walked away without saying anything else. I stood there for an extra moment looking at him leave. Sariel offered a small smile before following his friend.
My mom was still holding the door open, waiting for me. She had a strained look on her face as I grabbed the snacks I’d come in for in the first place. I looked over my shoulder one last time, but the two guys were gone. I paid for our snacks, shaking off the last of the daze. Man was that strange. I was probably never going to see him again. 
“Teenagers,” I heard my mom mutter under her breath as I passed her. 



“Man that was strange,” Sariel echoed Wila’s sentiment. He was walking in a small circle. 
In his haste to get some distance between him and the girl Lucius had opened the wrong door. Instead of the bathroom he’d led them into a utility closet. The smell of cleaning products and moldy mop water was eye watering.
Lucius was bent over at the waist with his hands on his thighs and his head down. He looked like a man trying not to pass out. How could she not know how powerful she was? Lucius felt like a dump truck had been parked on his chest. Knowing they had to move or risk losing her, Lucius straightened and actually shook his body in a vain attempt to clear it of the residual effect of meeting the Queen Mother. He looked at Sariel who motioned with his head for Lucius to lead the way. 
Sariel didn’t ask any questions when Lucius held out his hand for the keys. He threw them and the angel caught them without even looking. The car he’d borrowed from the kid was parked on the side of the store. Sariel still hadn’t gotten the whole story, all he knew was that it took about fifteen minutes for Lucius to catch up with him and they both had followed the women to the diner. The two had sat mostly in silence as the two ate their lunch and they went into the store for sodas when they saw the two exited the restaurant. Neither angel had expected to meet the Queen. 
They had to be careful now. Sariel couldn’t risk Azriel looking at Lucius any closer than he already was. It was the just the two of them. Sariel went through a list of angels he could trust. The Queen would need protection now that she was found and contrary to Lucius belief of the words spoken thousand years ago by a child, he was not going to be able to do it alone, at least not without the restoring of his angelic powers.  If Azriel found out it would end bad—as in—everyone dead bad. 
“I think you should leave as soon as possible,” Lucius said, reading Sariel’s mind.
“Do you have anyone you can trust?” He was white knuckling the steering wheel; trying to stay at least three cars behind the Jeep. 
It was hard. Every fiber of his being wanted to not only catch up with the car, but to stop it and either get in or put the Queen in his own car. Lucius gritted his teeth as the car rounded a curve and was out of sight for more than five seconds. The woman had a bit of a lead foot. Did she not know she was carrying the most important person in their known universe?
“A few,” Sariel said bracing himself as Lucius slammed on the breaks. The traffic had come to a crawl after the curve in the road that Lucius had taken way too fast when he’d lost sight of the Jeep. “Want to talk about it?” he asked. 
“No.”
Sariel didn’t say much else as they followed behind the Jeep. He’d seen the reaction that the Queen Mother and Lucius had with each other. When they’d touched Sariel thought his wings would become visible, cementing further his idea that she could give Lucius his back.  Sariel was an Archangel but Lucius was a Power or Authority; a warrior angel, and before he was bound the only heavenly angel more powerful was a Seraphim. Both had taken the vow to protect the line but it had been Lucius that found it after two thousand years of searching. It had been Lucius that allowed the girl to leave. Sariel had wondered if he would have done the same. They had no way of knowing how Azriel would react. Watching Lucius as his wings were tied in light that looked like golden rope before he was thrown from the heavens had started a change in Sariel, in some of the others as well. It was then that he’d begin to think that Azriel had not shared with the angels the real reason behind the search for the Mothers. 
The women they followed didn’t stop again until they came to a hotel and by then it was twilight. Lucius circled the small parking lot and they both looked at the women as they entered the lobby area. Wila looked back at their passing SUV but the tint was dark enough to ensure she didn’t see them. They waited until the women came back out and got their luggage before going in. Lucius insisted on getting the room right next to the Queen. It was dangerous, being so close, but Sariel didn’t trust Lucius not to do something stupid if he didn’t agree. Sariel followed the two to dinner and then called Lucius when they were on their way back upstairs. He was leaving the surface but would send help. It would be tricky for Lucius to follow the women without his ability to become invisible. 

Lucius was too wired to lie down. It wasn’t just the fact that only sheetrock separated them. He could feel her power. The constant hum of the magnificent power called to him. He wanted to go to her. He had never felt this way before, not even with the first Ife and it was a little unnerving. 
Lucius walked around the room. The room had double queen size beds and all the furnishings were dark imitation cherry wood. The big cabinet that the TV set on was had a hidden compartment that held a mini-fridge and microwave. In one corner was a small round table with two chairs and a room service menu on it. Next to it was a small chase lounge and opposite that, a desk and rolling chair for the traveling business person. It wasn’t too bad a set up.  The bathroom was hotel standard, with a long countertop with an inset sink and inlaid facial tissue holder and the large handicapped toilet. The bathtub had handrails and a white a shower curtain. Lucius walked back into the room and sat down on the fluffy white comforter.  
He could hear them moving around but they were silent. He’d half expected them to talk about the encounter at the store but all he could hear were two people preparing to for the night. Two hours later the women in the adjoining room were asleep and Lucius was still sitting ram-rod straight on the bed closest to the divider door. The knock at the door startled him.
“I am Maalik.”  
He was young for an angel, probably among the last created.  He was also tall, seven feet, if he was an inch. Lucius didn’t recognize him and he tried to relax. Having someone so powerful that close to the Queen made his muscles tight. 
“I’m Lucius.” He stepped back to allow Maalik to pass into the room. 
Lucius could be quiet when he moved, Maalik was silent. Another perk of being an angel. He didn’t look around the room, he turned once inside and started talking a the clipped, stiff dialogue that told Lucius the angel had spent very little time on the surface.
“I am to help you in any way I can. I will pass any communication between you and the angel Sariel.” 
Lucius closed the door and walked passed Maalik and stood next to the bed he’d just been sitting on. Maalik spoke like an angel but he was dressed like any other young adult male in blue jeans and a plain green t-shirt. His hair blond hair looked like spun gold and hung just past his shoulders. He was thin but no human man would mistake him as weak. 
At some point he must have dozed off, because he was being shaken awake by Maalik. Lucius stood up and stopped mid-stretched. Unable to keep the menace out of his voice, even though he knew he was being ridiculous, he asked, “Did you go into their room?”
 “You did not instruct me to watch over their physical bodies.” Maalik answered.
Even if Maalik had gone to the other room he would have only been doing his job. If Lucius had been able to go to her he would have stood by her side every moment of every day. It owed the angel an apology. He brushed his teeth taking out his frustrations of being bound with each stab of the toothbrush. 
An hour later Lucius and Maalik were five cars behind the Jeep. As they drove, Lucius filled Maalik in on everything. He had to at least attempt to have some type of working relationship with him if they are going to be a team. They drove twenty minutes before the Jeep turned off the freeway into a small town.  Sariel had left the cell phone in the car, so Maalik and Lucius had a way to communicate. It was agreed that Maalik would follow the two women since he could do so unnoticed and report back. Lucius knew he would eventually have to find a way to become a part of the two women’s lives. He could not continue to lurk in the shadows as if he didn’t belong there – belong to her.  
“The older woman is the guardian of the younger one, who is the Queen Mother,” Maalik said, suddenly sitting at Lucius side.
 Sariel seemed to be the only angel who knocked. Lucius was going to have to have a talk about angel etiquette when his heart stopped working double time 
Maalik continued, “The Mothers were separated shortly after her birth.  The Queen has just recently been told who and what she is. They are trying to find the rest of the Mothers.” 
“Wait…stop. Are you telling me that the Mothers are sisters?”
Had he known that?  Was this a part of the foretelling that he had forgotten somewhere along the way while looking for the Queen. Did it even matter? Lucius sat with his head down, concentrating while the younger angel waited.  Azriel had banned the telling of the prophecy. Lucius ran his hand through his hair in frustration. Why were they separated?  What had happened?  He took a deep breath and looked at Maalik signaling him to continue.
“They have not had much luck this morning. No one remember their families. They were given information from a couple about an older lady. She is the town’s unofficial historian. They are planning on going to her tomorrow.”
“Get word to Sariel and ask him to come back as soon as possible.”
Lucius watched the two come out of the diner. Ruth was not an angel but there was a warrior in her, a fierceness about her that would give many pause. She was just as much a guardian as the angels that had sworn to protect the line. He watched as the tall elegant woman scanned the area as they made their way to the car. Her purse was one that hung across her body, to keep her hands free. Lucius wondered if she was a skilled fighter. Lucius started the car and followed the two back to the hotel. 

Chapter 4: Amara


We hadn’t found out much and I tried to keep a positive attitude but with each dead end my heart got heavier. Just as we were calling it a day we caught a break. I wanted the kiss the couple who told us about the woman who lived on the edge of town. I’d begged Mom to go to the woman’s house but she insisted that we wait. It was too late in the day. 
We went to the hotel restaurant, where I tried to ask my mom more about our families but she didn’t want to discuss it out in the open. She promised to pick up the story when we were back in our room. After that we didn’t speak much after being seated while we looked over the menu or after we ordered. I would have wondered what she was thinking about but I knew it was probably the same thing I was thinking about. Family… hers and mine. 
I’d gone to bed last night thinking of the little girls. I’d actually tried to have a dream or vision about them, my sisters. I tried to conjure up a different image of the six little girls so that I could see their faces more clearly. I’d also tried to picture my mother, but a face to the voice I’d heard singing. Nothing. 
I watched the waiter as he placed our plates in front of us and the extra long look he gave my mother as he straightened and offered us freshly ground pepper for our food. My mother offered a polite enough smile but conveyed loud and clear she was not interested. My mother never dated and the reason why lay in the pit of my stomach and I focused on my food to stop the saltiness in the back of my throat from becoming tears. 
My food could have been dirt for all the enjoyment I got out of it, what little I did eat. Mostly I pushed the mushroom ravioli around on my plate and rearranged the lettuce of my salad. My stomach was doing dangerous things as I looked forward to meeting the woman the couple back in the diner suggested we visit. I don’t know what kind of information I thought she’d have but I was ready to get any I could that would point us in the right direction to find my sisters or parents. I wondered what they were doing. Did they know about me? Were they wondering what I was doing? Did they know about our place in the world? When my mom asked for the check I just barely held in the sigh of relief.

“You said that my mother kept you strong all these years?” I asked.
 We had just walked in the room. The door wasn’t even shut, before I turned to my mom and started in with the questions. She locked the door, threw her purse on the desk and sat down on her bed. I sat on the opposite bed folding my legs under me after kicking off my shoes. 
“Yes, she was very brave to have done what she did.”
“Tell me exactly what happened. I want to know everything,” I drilled her.
“Okay,” she said, pulling off her shoes and getting comfortable as well. “There was a time when I was the official keeper of our people’s history. Our stories say we are the oldest in existence. My mother had me late in life and she and my father feared there would be no boy born to them. It was custom for the histories to be passed from father to son. I was fifteen when my brother was born.”
I looked at my mother with wide eyes. It was the first time I had heard this brother. My whole life it had only been the two of us. Us against the world, that’s how I saw us.  
“It was on my nineteenth birthday that your mother came to us asking for help. My parents agreed without hesitation. By the end of the night there was a new guardian for each set of twins but none for you. So it was decided that my mother would take you.”
“What?”  My mom held out her hand to stop me. 
“My brother, Thomas, was not taking the news of our mother leaving very well.  He was, after all, still a child, and wanted and needed his mother.  My parents knew how important it was to keep you safe and my mother was fully prepared to leave her children, even with her youngest heartbroken and distraught.
“It was not until the other children had been given to their new guardian that your mother turned to me. With the sound of my brother’s cries and the quiet comforting of the women trying to calm him and the tense uneasiness of the men weighing down the room she asked me.  You were the youngest and would have no memories of her. You would never know her face if she couldn’t get back to you.  We stood there facing each other, the eyes of the room on us. I was not a full day into my nineteenth year, being asked by the mother of our Queen to take and keep you safe.”
I closed my eyes in an attempt keep the tears at bay. I found comfort in the memory of the night my mother spoke of.  The house was dark, some of it was because it was dark outside although it was daytime the rest was the dark interior of the house and its furnishing; deep brown leather sofas and chairs, dark hardwood floors, bronze colored lamps with burgundy and emerald shades.
A storm had turned the day dark grey and the sound of rain competes with the cries of a boy saddened by the news of his departing mother. I stand in a corner, away from the action of the room, next to a fireplace. There is a large group of people in the center of the room. I see two double strollers and a set of twins that are standing with an old couple. My birth mother and father’s backs face me in the middle of a circle formed by the new guardians. To the right of the circle are Thomas and his parents. His mother holds him in her arms, his head is on her shoulder and his father runs a comforting hand up and down his back. He is loved and he loves his mother. My breath catches in my throat as the first tear frees itself and runs down my cheek. 
I see my nineteen year old mother; standing alone in the doorway of the room. If she’s concerned about what is going on with her brother she doesn’t show it. She is the regal presence that I have known and loved my entire life.  The picture is fine but there’s no sound. I see the circle part and my birth mother walk forward.
“I had no children of my own, but I loved my mother fiercely.  I could only imagine what your mother was going through. Your mother kissed you and then your sisters and walked away from her children.”
“I’m so sorry,” I said. Each word catching as the tears gathered strength. 
I heard my mother get up from her bed and seconds later I was pulled into a tight hug.  “There’s no reason for sorrow. It has been my great honor to watch over you.”  She wiped the tears from my cheeks and kissed them both. “Now is not the time for tears. It’s a time for bravery. You are the Queen. You are stronger than these tears you cry now. Do you understand?”
I straightened. The words seemed harsh but were true. I had been raised by a strong woman, to be a strong woman.  My mother was not being unkind or uncaring; she was simply preparing me for what was yet to come. 

We made it to our first and hopefully last stop of the day.  The house had been white but now was a sun bleached grey. The paint was peeling badly and the yard needed mowing. The roof and porch sagged and both looked more than a little dangerous. The screen door hung from its hinges and the screen was torn in several places.  There were green or black shutters closed on the second floor windows. The ones of the first floor were as shabby as the rest of the house; some were missing slats, while others hung at angles. One or two even lay in the grass beneath the windows they’d fallen from. The house appeared empty or abandoned. Either way, it was ready to be demolished. As impossible as it seemed, if the information given to us yesterday was accurate, someone lived here.  
I got out the car first and look over at my mother, who was staring down the street.  I turned, looking in the same direction but only noticed a few parked cars. One had a young man in it that was looking down; probably adjusting the radio before pulling into traffic.  The feeling that I’d had since meeting the two guys at the gas station was stronger momentarily, but I figured it’s because the guy in the car was the same age. Or I guessed that he was from what I could see of him; which was the top of his head. The car looked strangely familiar, it was a Honda. I dismissed the feeling. Wasn’t it like a billion of those around? 
Mom walked around the car, headed up the sidewalk that had weeds coming from ever crack. I followed behind, doubting anyone would live in the condemned looking house. The house became ominous the closer I got to it. By the time I was half way up the walk I was fully prepared for a hand to shoot out of the knee length grass and grab my ankle. I was glad I had on jeans but cursed the bright yellow flip flops I’d worn, they didn’t offer enough protection for my feet; from the feel of decayed flesh on said pretend arm shooting out of the grass or if I should have to run. I looked at my mother’s back to stop the images of raising zombies.  Mom waited for me to catch up before knocking on the door. I had to skip the first step because the board was missing.  To our surprise the door was opened. 
The woman who answered the door back was slighter bowed with age but she still managed to look graceful. Her white hair was in an intricate updo that I couldn’t see the bent fingers of her arthritic hands having the dexterity of doing. The bright yellow dress she wore, was fifties house-wife retro that stopped just past her knees. She wore a pair of white ballerina flats and topped off her outfit with simple gold jewelry. She so did not match her house. 
“Oh, hello, I’m Ruth Freeland and this is my daughter Wila.”
The old woman looked at my mom with a pleasant enough expression.  Her polite smile was one that I was sure she reserved for just the occasion; two strangers knocking on her door first thing in the morning, selling magazine subscriptions or the latest greatest vacuum cleaner. 
“How can I help you?”
“Well my daughter and I are looking for our family. We lived here about sixteen years ago. I left unexpectedly and lost touch and now we’re trying to reconnect.  A nice couple told us you might remember them or someone that would.”
The woman opened the door wider to let us in her home. The inside of the house was nothing like the outside. Neat and immaculately furnished, I tried not to be offensive in my gawking as we stood in the large foyer waiting for the woman to lead the way. The wallpaper was fabric, probably original to the house and silk. The floors were blond hardwood and waxed to shiny perfection. There was a staircase to the right of the door that started just past a set of closed. In the middle of the foyer was a large round table that had a huge fresh flower arrangement on it. The woman went through a set of opened pocket doors on the right and pointed to a small overstuffed beige couch.
“Would you like something to drink, coffee or tea?”  The woman offered.
“Yes please,” my mom answered for the both of us. 
I’m not sure if I could have said a word. I was still trying to figure out why she would let the outside of her house fall into such disrepair while the inside looked like a palace. Maybe she was widowed and didn’t want anyone to know what nice things she had. Maybe she was the town’s proverbial crazy lady. I immediately start looking for a bunch of cats.  
“Well, which is it dear, coffee or tea?” She said, ignoring my continued impolite inventory of her home.
“Coffee,” I said. 
“Tea,” my mom said at the same time. 
“Coffee and tea.” She left the room through a pair of saloon type doors in the back of the room.
 I walked around the room eventually finding myself at a pair of matching chairs on either side of a window that looked out into the front yard. I was dumbfounded when my eyes registered what was on the other side of the lace curtains.  The window should have looked out into the yard that I’d just walked through to get to the house. The yard outside the window was just as immaculate as the inside of the house. The grass was a beautiful deep green and there were several flowerbeds that were well cared for.  In my mind’s eye I could almost see the old woman pruning back weeds and planting new tulips.  Our jeep sat at the curb; confirmation that I was indeed looking at what should have been a weed choked yard. I went back to the couch and was just sitting down when our host came back. The silver coffee and tea service she sat down on the low table that separated us matched the rest of the décor. The tiny fine china looked paper thin and the thought of handling something so delicate added to the nervousness I already had. 
“Freeland, you say?” She poured coffee into a cup and handed it to me. I sat back and focused entirely on not damaging the heirloom cup and saucer.
 “Yes, I think I do remember some Freeland’s living around here, they’re long gone now of course.”
“Of course,” my mom said, holding her own cup, but not drinking from it. 
I’m looked at the women over the rim of my cup wondering what was going on. There was definitely a weird feeling in the air and Mom was eyeing the pleasant older lady suspiciously.
“Relax young Ruth. I would never harm the Queen Mother or her guardian.”

I almost spit my coffee out. 
“You know who we are?” I sat the china down, not trusting myself to hold it. 
“Of course I know who you are. I knew as soon as I opened the door. I also recognized Ruth. She’s grown into quite a beautiful woman.”
Forgetting all manners, I cut in, “Well why didn’t you say that from the beginning?”
She did two things at once. She shrugged her shoulders and then she changed. That’s the best way I can put it. Before, sat a lovely old woman of about eighty or so, then between sips of her tea she’d turned into a woman slightly younger than my mother. I don’t think I even blinked. I was glad I was no longer holding the china.
Not at all stunned at the sudden transformation of the nice old lady, my mother joined the conversation. “Emily, you haven’t changed a bit.”
I didn’t even attempt to figure out how they knew each other. “Someone please explain to me what is going on.” I said looking between the two women. 
“I’m a guardian, same as Ruth,” She said and then winked at me.
“I don’t’ understand. You’ve been here the whole time?” 
“No of course not,” Emily said.
My mouth was already open with another question. “Give her a chance to explain Wila,” my mother cut in. I sat back in the comfortable plush loveseat and let Emily tell me the part she played in the life of my family.
“My mate, Fredrick, and I were given the middle twins Amara and Sveva.  We are of the Summer Court,” Emily said, the sweet smiled offered was one that I couldn’t help but return.
“Fae have remained hidden from human since the creation but the Guardian Mothers bind us all. When word was passed that they were in need of aid, Summer’s queen bestowed upon us the honor of guardians. We were sworn to secrecy before we were taken to the home of this village’s elders and given the very ones that were to watch over the fairy courts.
“Fae are older than humans and almost immortal. The Summer and Winter Queens are oldest among our kind. Your tribe is the oldest in human existence but the world had moved on. Your mother grew up knowing the story of the Mothers, not many remembered. Your memories are as short as your lives.” 
I felt like I should apologize for mankind. I was glad when Emily continued with the story.
“We were to raise the twins as our own until they reached the age of ten. Then they would live with our queen. When Amara and Sveva turned eight we learned a truth that made us leave the realm of fairy. The two courts are always on the brink of war and the only thing that brought the queens together were the birth of the twins meant to rule over them and their decision to stop them. Fredrick overheard a conversation between two guards and we left that very night. We decided to live in earth’s realm, as it would be harder to find us.”
 As I sat in stunned silence Emily turned to my mom. I’d told myself after last night I wouldn’t cry. I was made of stronger stuff but the look on the fairy’s face told me that I may have to eat my words. 
“I think of that night often and how brave you were, still a child yourself with no husband or mate to help you. The birth mother saw something in you and trusted you with our most precious gift. I remember you cried when she touched you and how my heart broke for you both.  Thank you Ruth.” Emily words were filled with awe and reverence and when she finished she bowed her head in respect to my mother. 
I loved her even more. The sacrifice that I thought I knew paled in comparison of what I’d learned from the fairy. My mother was alone. Each of my sisters had been given to a couple and I was given to a lone girl, who had grown into a woman that never dated or married or showed any interested at all in anything or anyone except me and my well-being. She had never been touched in love by a man or loved one in return. She had given up her life for me.  The lump in my throat stopped me from speaking and I was glad when mom asked the question I was unable to.
“There is a twin here now?”
“Amara.”
I stood up as Amara came from the back entrance that old Emily had gone through to get the coffee and tea. I had not remembered her just two days ago and the only memory I had was that of a baby.
She was dressed in a long cream dress with a round neck with a length of gold chain around her waist. There was a band of gold around her forehead that disappeared in her shoulder length hair that was the same color and texture as mine. We stood for long moments, each drinking in the sight of the other and both ran to the other at the same time. Amara threw her arms around me and hugged me tight. Our two guardians stood side by side. Emily cried—my mother—true to form, did not.
“Do you know where our parents are?” I asked. I couldn’t keep my eyes off Amara. I kept looking at her to make sure she was real. 
“I’m afraid not. I came back, not really expecting to find them but disappointed when they were not here.”
“I’m sorry that you had to leave your home and your husband.”
“Fredrick and I will see each other again. We’ve been together four hundred years. What’s a decade or two when you have eternity?” 
I watched Emily speak the words but my heart still went out to her. She had been with her true love for four hundred years and had to leave him to keep my sister safe. Her sacrifice, like my mother’s, had been great. 
“So who’s the angel?” Amara asked.

Chapter 5 Revelations


The living room was three times the size of the sitting room but decorated just as grandly. The focal point was a large painting of the earth guardians, Amara and Sveva. The toddler twins had on matching dresses of with lace and blue ribbons. They looked like cherubs. Lucius saw Amara squeeze Wila’s hand before gently pulling her the rest of the way in the room when she’d stooped at the threshold after seeing the life size painting. 
Maalik had come back to the car to inform him that he had been seen. If Lucius had not experienced it before with the first Ife he would have thought the angel had been mistaken. For the first few seconds Lucius could not make sound, let along form words. Two days ago he hadn’t known the location of one Mother and now there were two. He’d instructed Maalik to send word to Sariel. They were in over their heads and Lucius, who had never been ill a day in his existence, felt sick to his stomach. If Azriel found them...
After gathering his senses he decided that the best course of action was to make contact with the women in the house. The last thing Lucius needed was for them to plot an unnecessary escape. How he had been wrong.  When he and Maalik knocked on the front door, it was answered by two very calm guardians.  The time it took for Sariel to arrive had been spent in uncomfortable silence. With Amara and Wila sitting on a couch across from him and Emily and Ruth, each standing next to the Mother they guarded, both ready to throw themselves in front of their charge if Lucius so much as moved an inch. 
He’d wanted to kick himself for jumping the gun. It seemed like a good idea when he came up with it. But in truth, the fairy was good protection…better than he was in his current state. So he’d sat there, every fiber of his being wanting to go to Wila and him exercising an angel’s restraint to keep himself seated until Sariel had arrived fifteen minutes after the large warrior angel he’d sent as added security.
The look on Sariel’s face went from company pleasant after introductions, to all business in a matter of seconds once they were seated. 
“I hardly know where to start,” he said. 
“The beginning is always nice,” Emily said. Her smile lightened the comment and the room.
“Yes…the beginning,” Sariel muttered to himself and stood up. He paced the room as he thought of how far his beginning should go. “In the beginning God created the heavens and–”
“Really Sariel,” Amara said. She was the first to catch on to his weird sense of humor.
“Sorry, I couldn’t resist.” The angel sat down and started over. 
“The one that made the universe has many names: The Almighty, The Great Creator, God, Buddha, Allah, many others, but It is just one entity.
“Angels were created first to help with its ‘construction’. There are different orders of angels and we follow a hierarchy of sorts. Watchers or Guardian angels are the only ones usually known to humans. Their purpose is protecting mankind. There are two types of archangels; one whose purpose is to oversee the Watchers, I am that type of angel. The other, oversees all the lower class of angels. They are also Seraphim and they are the caretakers of God’s throne. Three were created at the beginning. Our three were Armaros, Azazel and Azriel.”
“And what type of angel are you Hadraniel,” Wila asked. 
It had only been two days but Lucius wondered if she would remember him from the gas station. He was shocked at being called by his heavenly name and then pleased that she’d remembered.
“Call me Lucius. I’ve not known that name for a very long time.” 
“Lucius is a Power or Authority, a warrior angel,” Sariel answered for his friend before continuing 
“The Watchers rebelled and started to mate with human women, creating a new race called nephilim. The three Seraphim were conflicted. Armaros left the heavens. Azazel thought that humans should be ruled, and on occasion laid with human women also, leaving Azriel in heaven alone. In the end the Creator came back to rid the surface of the earthbound angels and their children. Azazel was cast from heaven, Azriel was spared and we were given the prophecy of the Mothers. Hadraniel, a favorite and trusted angel was the only one to ever find one from the line. A young girl, who was able to see angels, her name was Ife.”
First everyone looked at Wila and then they all looked at Lucius, who had been sitting quietly. He picked up the story where the other angel left off: 
“When I found one that I thought was of the line, or a Mother herself I called Sariel. Once meeting the young girl he agreed with me that she could be one from the prophecy. I stayed behind while Sariel went to Azriel with news of my discovery. She came to me that night and told me that I would find the Queen; protect and sacrifice all so that she may live. I believed her and allowed her to leave. Enraged, Azriel forbid me entry into heaven and bound my wings as punishment.” 
 “That doesn’t explain why our mother thought we were in danger,” Amara said.
When Lucius did not speak up Sariel answered Amara’s question, “Unbeknownst to us, Azriel shared in Azazel’s beliefs that angels were superior to humans. Being spared and with no replacements of his counters, he felt he was meant to rule all. With the passing of the millennium his behavior has become more erratic. He’s banned the telling of the prophecy and ordered almost all the higher angels to help in the search for the Mothers. While he’s never come right out and said it, we fear he plans on destroying you.”
“How is this something that their mother would have known?” Ruth asked as she looked between the two angels. 
“That remains a mystery. I’ve been trying to find out since I located the two of you,” Sariel said. “But it’s a daunting task. There are millions of angels and a time span of a thousand years. It could be as simple as one of us warning your mother.”
“No, I was there when their mother brought the note, it was not a warning, it was a threat.”
“Your life and that of your sisters are still in danger. Azriel looks for you still.” Lucius said.
“What protection can you offer fallen angel? If now is the time that the Queen needs you most.”
Ruth’s venom filled words were shocking to everyone present but it was Sariel who answered for Lucius. Sariel’s words were not said in anger but were frightening just the same. 
“Ruth it would do you well to remember he has searched tirelessly a millennium for her. There are some of our kind that have given up and others that are on the wrong side and want her dead. While he may have superior strength and speed, it is nothing compared to the power of an angel and would mean certain death for him if he should ever have to fight one. He is my brother and I love him dearly. I would want no harm to come to him, but I know he would gladly die to protect the Queen and the other Mothers.”
For the first time Wila could remember her mom looked flushed and had been shocked silent by the anger she had brought out in Sariel.
Emily changed the subject. “I guess it’s safe to say you don’t know the location of the others?”
“No, it was luck that we found Wila. Lucius and I both were shock to discover a second so soon.”  Sariel said.
“Can you tell me anything about my locket?”
“The locket was created by the Almighty and left as a gift for the Queen. It’s an axis and links the worlds; heaven, hell, earth realms and anywhere else in this known universe,” Lucius said.



It just kept getting better and better. Every story I was told threw me deeper into a world of…unknown. I’d wanted to think make-believe, but that wasn’t right. It was…well unbelievable. Yet I believed. From the very start, I’d believed it all. What did that say about me?
After the long drawn out silence at Lucius announcement that I should be able to travel anywhere in the known universe with the locket hanging around my neck, Sariel suggested that they give Lucius and I some time alone. I didn’t’ think my mom would go for it but after her rude outburst and Sariel’s answer she’d left with the rest of them. She gave me a nervous look over her shoulder before Emily took her by the elbow and showed them all to the kitchen where they were cooking….Lunch? …Dinner?
I looked around the room, and noticed that lights were on. I turned around to look out the window behind me and saw it was getting dark out. I turned back around and ran my hands down the front of my legs feeling underdressed in my jeans, yellow tank top and flip flops.  
Through it all, Lucius and I hadn’t taken his eyes off me. Ever since I’d met Lucius and Sariel at the store I’d been plagued with a toned-down version of the feeling I’d had in the store. What I’d thought were nervous jitters about everything that’d happened in regards to my family was actually Lucius, and to a lesser extent, Sariel and Maalik. Amara could see angels; I could sense them. 
The beautiful angel sitting across from me was my very own guardian angel that had been searching for me for a thousand years. He’d never given up, had sworn his life for me. WOW.
“So you’re not named after the angel of love you are the angel of love?” I finally asked after the quiet of the room threatened to make me insane. 
“Yes.”
There was little emotion in the short answer. Already I was thinking of Lucius as my angel and the hurt hidden in the word made me want to pull him into my arms and offer some kind of comfort. 
“I was cast from Heaven,” he said, still staring at me. 
Being on the receiving end of such an intense stare was unnerving. I worked on keeping my breathing normal. My heart raced in my chest. 
So many people had sacrificed something. I was starting to feel like a bit like some kind of life sucking leach. No one had said or done anything to make me feel that way and but there it was. I didn’t know what I could possibly do for all the people who had put their lives on the line or on hold for my family but I was going to come up with something. I’d start with making the exiled angel next to me feel better.
“You are my guardian—” I started.
“I was your guardian,” he corrected me.
It was my turn to stare. There was so much strength in the man that sat across from me. Correction—the angel that sat across from me. I wasn’t an angry person. For a matter of fact, I couldn’t remember a time where I’d ever experienced the emotion but sitting across from Lucius, with his stare that made me want to fidget, I was suddenly mad. For a brief time it overrode the strange pull I felt for him. It covered my body in heat and pulled my skin tight. Lucius felt it too. He drew his body up in the chair he was sitting in and took in a deep breath. 
“So you don’t want to be my guardian anymore?”  The words came rougher than I’d meant them. The plan had been to make him feel better not to argue with him.
“My Queen.”
The title stole my breath. I looked down at my hands, blushing. The look on his face was somewhere between apprehensive and torn.
“You look like you need some fresh air.” I stood and pulled him up and walked around the table that separated us and pulled him from his chair instead of answering him.
The back yard was more beautiful than the front. The house sat at the edge of some woods that gave the house the feeling of sitting on the edge of a magical forest.  We walked shoulder to shoulder as we cross the threshold of Emily’s back yard. It was darker in the wooded area but the moon was full and we could make out our way as we walked. Being alone with him outside was more intimate than inside and I was second guessing my decision when we came to a large tree with a stone bench at its base.  This was where we finally stopped.  Lucius sat down first and looked at the ground.
“A thousand years ago I made a crown of flowers for Ife,” he said, “From these very flowers.” 
I followed his gaze to the white flowers that were growing around our feet. I’d lived a lifetime in wooded areas, but country living hadn’t taught me a thing about plants and I had no idea the name of flower. The tiny white flowers were pretty. My mind’s eye struggled to picture Lucius’s large hands weaving the delicate blooms. 
 “Beautiful,” he whispered.
I was surprised to see him looking at me. I sat down. The bench was meant for two which put our bodies close together, I could feel the heat of him.
“There were not many who took the vow on the day the Almighty asked. Angels are not created with the emotions of humans, our existence is preordained; our purpose does not require the complexity of feelings. I felt compelled to take the vow and I’ve had a long time to think about why I decided to take it and why it was presented as a choice. The choice question I was never able to figure out and gave up on, who am I to question the Almighty? The second, I thought, was simply my new purpose. I was the second gatekeeper and then I was the Guardian of the Mothers, the most important people in our known universe. I promise to do all that is in my power to keep you safe. It’s the vow I gave three thousand years ago and the promise I made to a little girl two thousand years later.”He looked off in the direction of the house. “We should go back.” 
He held out his hand. I sat an extra moment and looked at his offered hand; afraid and excited to take it. My hand, my whole body was on board with it, but whatever was happening was more than just him being my guardian. Wasn’t it?
We went back to the house in the same quiet that we’d walked away from it. Lucius hand rested on the small of my back, it was not an intimate touch but that didn’t stop me from breathing faster than usual. It was the first time a guy had ever touched me. Strange, but true.  His touch comforted me. 
We walked into the kitchen and everyone stopped. I reddened from all the instant attention, painfully aware that Lucius hand was still me. Amara, Sariel and Emily smiled. My mom’s lips were a thin straight line. I knew them to be her worry lips. There was definitely going to be words but not now.  Maalik had been sent back to the hotel to check us all out. When he returned with all our stuff he lugged it upstairs. Mom was shown to a guest room and my things were put in Amara’s. We sat in the kitchen and ate dinner.  It was the last day Amara and Emily would be together. The next morning we were going to a small town that Sariel thought would be safe. We didn’t know for how long but we all hoped it would be short. Amara was trying to be strong and so was Emily.  Amara announced that we are going to call it a night. We both kissed our mothers good-night and left them in the kitchen. 
The inside of Amara’s room was like a dream; pink,fluffy and very girly. The canopy bed dominated the room. There were pictures of her and Sveva everywhere, from the day they were taken to the summer court, all the way up to their separation. They had been happy children. I couldn’t imagine how hard it must have been on Amara, beneath her strong and silly exterior. Amara took me to her closet. It was as big as the bedroom in the house that I’d just left. I had a moment where I was a little jealous of the life Amara had. The closet was full of beautiful gowns like the one she wore. One side held a section for nightgowns, sheer and soft.  Amara grabbed one from its satin covered hanger. After changing, she sat me at her vanity and brushed my hair. It was always unruly, thick, curly and wild, which was why I usually kept it in a fat ponytail. Amara braided it in two French braids before we climb into the soft folds of her bed.
I woke up thirsty.  Gently I removed myself from the tangle of Amara’s arms. Careful not to wake her, I walked as softly as I could to the door. To my surprise Lucius was standing right there. 
“Have you been standing there all night?”  I whispered. It had not occurred to me before that Lucius really meant to guard me. I thought of what Sariel said earlier about him being strong but not strong enough to fight an angel.  The determination in his eyes silence any protest.
“Why don’t you go to bed? You must be tired.”
“No…too wired to sleep.”  We stood in uncomfortable silence for a moment, each giving the other an opportunity to say any number of unspoken words until it became awkward.
“I’m going to get some water.” I said.
We entered the kitchen and stopped in our tracks. Emily was sitting at the bar crying. I was saddened by the separation of my sister and Emily, but that’s not what stopped me, it was her wings.
The low light made it impossible to determine their color but her transparent and delicate wings looked paper thin but strong and I knew they were iridescent. They were larger version of a dragonfly wings and they were open laying flat against her back. The backless night gown she wore lung to her body like a second skin and looked like silk.  Her hair was longer than mine and hung just past her waist.  
I looked at Lucius. How could he not be affected by something so beautiful?  He only looked sad for her. He went to her first and stroked her hair. Just as I’d struggled to see his hands make a delicate crown of flowers I don’t know if I could have pictured the tender touch he offered Emily.  
“You’ll be back with Amara before you know it. Sariel has gone for scouts to start looking for Fredrick and Sveva.”  
“I know. I’m sorry for being such a baby about all this.” Emily said and wiped her face with the lace handkerchief she had balled up in her hand. “I’ve worried about them but I’ve had Amara to focus on. Now that she’s leaving I won’t have anything to keep my mind from wondering.”  She composed herself and looked at Lucius. “There are some human emotions that I could live without.” 
“I understand,” he said. 
I was an outsider watching the two magical creatures in what felt like a very private moment. I stood there trying to figure out a way to make a graceful exit when Emily looked at me.
“Are you sure you won’t come with us?” I asked, going to her. 
“Someone else may come trying to connect the dots, maybe even Fredrick and Sveva.” Emily pushed away from the bar. 
The dimmed lights added to her mystique and I was intimidated by her beauty. Self-conscious of my own appearance I crossed my arms in front of me in an attempt to make myself smaller, less noticeable in the presence of such exquisiteness. 
“You two make a lovely couple. I wish you a long and happy pairing.” 
I couldn’t speak as she gave me a hug and left Lucius and I alone.  I could feel his gaze but didn’t look up. My heart was doing crazy things inside my chest and I my breathing sounded shaky in my own ears. I hoped that he didn’t notice. I looked up as he touched my hair. Lucius picked up one of the braids that lay over my shoulder and then drew his hand away. I watched and wondered about the frown on his face. What was behind the mask that was so close to coming off? He went to the sink for my glass of water.  I took the glass he offered me, drank my water in silence and we walked back to Amara’s bedroom. 
“I’ll see you in the morning. Try to get some sleep.” He said as we stood outside her bedroom door. I only nodded. I didn’t trust myself to speak. When I fell back to sleep I dreamt of my angel.

Chapter 6: Going Home


The next morning Emily seemed in better spirits.  I suspected it was for Amara’s benefit. We ate breakfast in relative silence getting ready to say our good-byes. Sariel and Maalik would not be going with us. They were sending Ruth, Amara and I to the village with Lucius as our guardian. Sariel promised he’d send more. It was important that he selected carefully. He didn’t want Azriel to find us. I’d asked about our parents. Sariel assured me that he would start looking for them right away.  Emily had called ahead and told the village we would be coming.  Our contact was a woman named Sarah.  We helped Emily clean up the breakfast dishes as Maalik carried the luggage to the Jeep. Amara’s was loaded in the back of Sariel’s SUV, due to the sheer volume.  Emily promised to ship the rest. We all took turns hugging Emily in the foyer and we walked to the Jeep with heavy hearts. 
Amara suggested that I ride with Lucius and my mom shot it down faster than an Olympian skeet shooter. I was embarrassed. Amara looked was devious. My mom whole body was tight with tension. We hadn’t had a second alone since Lucius and I came back from our walk last night and I was glad. I’d been raised to be an obedient daughter but something about my angel told me I was getting ready to rebel.  Scary. 
We drove until we needed to pull over for gas. We decided to grab some lunch as well. I stepped out of the car and Lucius was by my side before I could move out of the way for Amara to climb from the back seat. When she saw him she changed her mind and crawled to the other side to exit the car on my mom’s side.  
I held my breath as Lucius looked down at me. He grabbed my ponytail and ran his hand down the length of it before laying his hand on my shoulder briefly.  His hand on my back the night before was not an intimate touch. This was. I swallowed my heart and waited.
“Don’t get out of the car before I’m next to your door.”
The instructions were spoken low, and sounded as intimate as the touch. I nodded. “Okay.” 
We entered the restaurant behind my mom and Amara. Mom had already given me the evil eye that promised a very long talk as soon as we had a moment alone. Good luck with that. Amara was better than any Tackle to my Quarterback.  
The restaurant was crowded for lunch and we had to wait twenty minutes to be seated. I knew Lucius didn’t like it—to many people. We were seated in a booth in the back with Lucius sitting in a seat that allowed him to see the entire establishment.  Amara sat next to him, on the inside. After eating we drove a block over to the nearest gas station and grabbed the customary snacks. As I walked in I thought of the last time I’d stopped for snacks and smiled. I didn’t think I’d ever travel again and not think about the first time I saw Lucius. We stopped for the night after driving for more than fourteen hours. I wanted to be too excited to sleep, but after we sat our overnight bags in the closet cubby I peeled off my clothes and was asleep before my head hit the pillow. 
My mom was the first up and was in the shower when I opened my eyes. My first thought was of Lucius. He had the adjoining room. I turned to look at the door that separated the rooms. It was open. Lucius’s was closed. 
“You need to talk to him,” Amara said.
I sat up in bed. Amara was sitting at the desk. Her hair was the same texture as mine, which meant that it should have been standing up all over her head since she’d slept with it down, but it wasn’t. I thought mean thoughts at it as I threw my legs over the side of the bed. Amara had taken the time to put on one of her nightgowns. She looked like a princess and me…a poor substitute. I wasn’t jealous. Really—I wasn’t.
“Yeah,” I finally said, standing up and going to get my bag. I threw it on the bed and pulled out something to wear. 
“I’ll get Ruth to take me downstairs to breakfast while you’re in the shower,” Amara said and walked over to the bed. She surprised me with a hug. “I love you.”
The three words were shocking. Amara had been raised with a sister, a twin no less. We’d known each other for forty eight hours but already being with her was easy. 
“I love you too,” I said hugging her tighter.
When I opened the bathroom door the room was empty, our bags were even gone.  I had no idea what Amara had to do or say to get my mom to leave but I owed her one. I felt a little guilty because Amara had no protection. I was fairly confident that no one was following us. Not from stealth observations, or any special training. It was a hunch. Besides, I really wanted to talk to Lucius 
I opened the door that separated the room. Lucius sat on the bed closest to the door on his side. He was dressed already including his shoes. Dressed in all white and camel colored loafers, his attire gave away his advanced age if his looks did not.  His hazel eyes were serious and fierce and I almost lost my nerve before even opening my mouth. Either the bed had not been slept in or he had gotten up and made it. Who makes up a hotel room bed? I stood in the doorway afraid to cross the threshold into his room.
“Sleep well?” He asked. 
The very sound of his voice added to my nervousness and I started to regret my decision to speak to him about my feelings.  I couldn’t put it off any longer. I had to know where I stood; even if it was nowhere.
“Yes,” I said and looked around his room as I tried to figure out where to start. Lucius walked over to the small table in the corner and I followed.
“Amara and Mom are at breakfast. Are you hungry?” 
The small talk sounded forced and phony, even to me. I’d been on pins and needles since we’d left Emily’s. I didn’t know what to say now that I was sitting with him. When Lucius started the conversation I was relieved.
“I don’t know how to explain my feelings for you. It’s more than being your guardian. I’ve asked Sariel to see if he can look into it.” 
My heart dropped from the sound of formality in the words, they were cold. I looked up from my hands. Lucius was staring at me. 
“Do you care about me at all?” 
The words sounded ludicrous. The person that sat across from me wasn’t a person at all, he was an angel. My guardian angel created before the world was made. I tried not to think of mummified remains dating back a million years and knowing Lucius was older than even that.  To think that I’d half planned on declaring my unwavering love. What on earth had I been thinking? 
My life seemed to be stuck in warp speed but there was so much I still didn’t know, so much I still didn’t understand. My school girl crush seemed childish in retrospect and I pressed my palms together as I tried to think of a way to take back the last few minutes. 
“Of course I care about you. I care that you’re safe and I care that you’re sad, I care very much that right now I am the reason for your unhappiness. Look at me please?”
Slowly I raised my eyes. Embarrassment was not the right word. It wasn’t big enough. If the floor beneath me opened up and swallowed me hold I would be eternally in its debt.
“I think of you all the time, but that’s not any different from the thousand years. I am protecting two of the most precious things on earth. My full attention and focus has to be making sure nothing happens to you or Amara. Please tell me you understand this?”
“I do,” I whispered, nodding my head too fast ready get past all the buffoonery that I’d initiated. I was about to stand up when Lucius took my hand in his. His words had cleared up any misunderstanding but that didn’t stop me from feeling the way I did. He pulled me up from my chair and stood in front of me so close a deep breath would have made us touch. He put his finger under my chin to raise my head. He didn’t say anything, just looked at me, making me uncomfortable with each passing second. 
“I need to touch you.” 
His words were warm on my face. I could only nod. I understood what he meant. I was comforted by his touch too. He gave me one of his signature nods. A quick jerk of his head and took my hand. We were still holding hands when we entered the hotel dining room. I spotted Amara and Mom right away. Even though I had tried to get myself under control, I didn’t fool Amara. She looked at me with pained eyes when Lucius and I approached. As we walked into the room he put his hand on my arm. 
“I’m glad you changed your mind and decided to get something to eat,” my mom said, turning back to her food. She was unhappy but made no further comment. 
“I just want some coffee.”
I went to the coffee station with Lucius by my side. I sat next to my mom fiddling with the rim of the Styrofoam cup while Lucius stood next to my chair.
“Take a load off Lucius. You don’t have to stand there looking all secret service. You’re going to give us away.” 
I couldn’t help but smile. No one could change the mood like Amara.  Lucius sat down, pulling a chair from a neighboring table.  He sat as close to me as he could. To anyone else in the room we looked like a young couple in love. But that wasn’t the case. He wanted me safe and cared about my well-being which is not the same…at all.

When Emily and Sariel said village I’d hoped that it in their own weird way everywhere was a village and we’d end up somewhere exciting, or at least busier than the places that my mom had dragged me to over the last sixteen years. Unfortunately, it was the type of place where people probably slept with their doors unlocked and I imagined had maybe four traffic lights, if it had any at all. One look at the place and we knew everyone knew each other on a personal level.
 We stopped at a gas station for directions to Sarah’s house. The attendant, an old man with a heedful of thick, wavy, white hair and a smile that rivaled Emily’s, told us she lived at the end of the road on the left. He welcomed us to town and to our surprise addressed each of us by name. When I laughed after she pulled off, my mom gave me a questioning look that I shrugged off. At least I didn’t have to get use to big city living.
The town was a fairy community, but humans live there also. Sarah age gave her away as human. Short, round and extremely happy, she waved at us in from her front porch.  No doubt warned by the gentleman from the gas station. Sarah welcomed us into her small cottage-style house, ushering us into a small sitting room. Her house was neatly kept. There were doilies everywhere.
“Was the trip bad?  I hope not. I’ve been waiting for you all morning. Would you like any tea or coffee?”
“No thank you Sarah. We’ve been on the road for three days and more than anything else, we just want to get settled and rest for the day,” my mom answered for us all.
“Of course, what was I thinking?  You’ll be staying in two houses not far from here. I’ll take you there straight away.”
We were all relieved that we were not putting Sarah out. It was obvious she was prepared to work herself ragged at our expense.  The houses were the same small cottage style as Sarah’s home and they were perfect.  Amara didn’t even complain about the size of her room, which was roughly the size of her closet back at her house. I laughed thinking of where she was going to put all her clothes. There were only three bedrooms and no other room available to be a substitute closet. We would have to call Emily and tell her not to ship anything else…or so I thought. Amara corrected me quickly announcing Lucius house also had three bedrooms.  He only needed one and the rest of her clothes could be stored at his house.
While Amara was busy giving instructions to Lucius on which of the bedrooms in his house would act as her closet, mom took Sarah back home and I escaped. I went to my new bedroom and found the bed incredibly soft. It had been a crazy week for me. My birthday seemed light years behind me. I lay on the bed and looked at the ceiling. I was alone for the first time since we’d left our house. Just days ago I was excited at the possibility of a new car. I had no intention of going to sleep. I’d dozed off and on the whole way. Long trips in cars had that effect on me. I don’t know how long I’d been asleep but when I woke up Lucius was standing at the foot of my bed watching me. I was surprised, but not startled. Before I opened my eyes I knew he was there. Because he was there meant I couldn’t have been out for long.  My mom would never have allowed Lucius in my room while I slept, or any other time for that matter. Lucius sat down near my feet. I ran my hands over my face and through my hair.
 Lucius gaze was both unnerving and calming.  The mixed signals were getting a little out of hand or maybe it was all wishful thinking. Either way I was happy to be near him, so I didn’t comment on what I perceived to be his continued show of affection. 
“Did you rest well?”
“Not long enough.”  My heart was beating too fast in my chest. My mouth was dry and I could hardly catch my breath. I’d have to figure out how to be around him and not make a fool out of myself. Wishful thinking aside, he’d made it clear that there would be nothing romantic between us.  
“Ruth will be home soon.  I think it best if I go home.”  He looked like he wanted to say something else but didn’t. 
“Oh,” I mumble. I wanted to pout but didn’t. 
“I’ll be right next door.” Lucius said, getting up from the bed and walking out of the room. Leaving me breathless, confused and missing him already. 
Amara came in as I was getting off the bed. “Hey sleeping beauty.” She flopped down on the bed in the exact spot that Lucius had just left. 
“How long was I asleep?”  I asked, heading for the bathroom to splash water on my face.
“Only about thirty minutes, but you sleep like the dead… and you snore.”
“I most certainly do not.” I almost screamed in embarrassment at the thought of it. Had Lucius stood there looking at me sleep; with my mouth hung open, snoring like a beast?
“No, you don’t, but it was fun watching that look on your face,” Amara said from the bed. “It’s nice to have a sister again.” 
 Her voice was somber and the expression on her face was forlorn. The combination of the two was enough to make anyone instantly sad.. Amara had started life with a mate.  I didn’t pretend to know what she feeling.
“I’m really sorry about Sveva and Emily.” 
 We had been alone only once since we’d met and hadn’t really talked about Sveva or our family. The time in the car we spent filling each other in on our lives. Amara only talked about the time she’d been with Emily. Never about the time spent together as a family, when Sveva and Fredrick were a part of their lives. 
 “Let’s surprise Ruth with dinner,” she said over her shoulder as she left the room. 
I quickly joined her and dinner was ready before Mom came home.  Her trip to Sarah’s had taken longer than we thought and I was getting a little worried. Just as I was about to cross the yard, to ask Lucius to drive us to Sarah’s house, the front door opened.  Three hours had passed since she’d left.
“What took so long?” I asked from the table I was setting for dinner. 
“I think I was set up. When we arrived back at her house it was full,” she said laughing, throwing her purse on the couch. “You cooked?” 
“Amara cooked, I watched.” I said going over to the countertop to pick up the bowl of salad to put on the table.
“Don’t be modest Wila, you chopped too,” Amara called from sink. 
“I’m so sorry girls but I’m stuffed. If I never see another pettifore or cheese straw again it will be too soon.” 
My mom told us how nice our new neighbors were. They had been looking forward to our arrival and were disappointed that we were not there. Sarah told them that we were resting from our long journey. We stayed up late into the night, the first day of our new life. 

Chapter 7: A Declaration of Love


After tossing and turning I finally fell into a sleep that was far from restful. I opened my eyes in what seemed like thirty minutes later from a dreamless sleep. It was still dark out and there was no clock for me to check the time. A year had passed since my mom had shared the secret of who I really was. So much had changed; so much had stayed the same. Amara and I remained the only Mothers to be found. The search for our parents and my mom’s family proved just as challenging. Emily visited some, but she still looked for Fredrick and Sveva.
Like so many other mornings I sat on my bed and missed my angel. I could be called a lot of things; a quitter was never going to be one of them.  I was never going to accept Lucius words but I had been able to master fake indifference towards him when we were together. 
In the weeks after our arrival my mood became dark and I was withdrawn. I’d spend most of my time in my room. When I did come out I hardly spoke. Mom and Lucius were like a trick coin, the same on both sides. They both wanted the same thing, but for two very different reasons. In the end, it had been my mom that changed my attitude. I remembered the weekend like it was yesterday. I’d been in my room for the entire weekend; my mom came in to remind me that having such a great responsibility also meant I would have to make sacrifices too. 
“The circumstance of your existence will rule your life. There will come a time that the weight of the world will rest solely on your shoulders.” 
I sat next to her dry eyed, waiting for her to leave. The last thing I wanted was a lecture.
“I don’t understand why it would deny me love.”
I regretted the words as soon as they were out of my mouth. Of course I was loved. Her mother loved me; both of them; my birth and guardian mothers. A whole world of people loved me according to everything I’d been told in the last year. But there were moments when I felt utterly alone. 
“I’m sorry that you hurt Wila.”
I’d sat for hours thinking. I’d listened to the prophecy but not heard it. That night I realized just what it meant. But understanding brought me no comfort. The next morning, I saw the world differently. By month’s end I was as regal as I had always thought my mother to be. 
There were changes in Lucius too. The human behaviors that he’d adopted since his banishment disappeared.  Sariel had come with a group of angels that would stay. I didn’t know if it was the increase in angelic presence that changed him or if he wanted to show them he was still one of them. Either way, there were no more mix signals. The stoic expression on his face was identical to the others that now patrolled and guarded us. He still escorted me everywhere and touched me. He’d placed his hand on the small of my back, on my upper arm or occasionally took my elbow. His touch was like fire on my skin. 
There were times when I thought the façade would come crashing down around me. The pull that always started somewhere in the middle of me would spread to my limbs. Plenty of nights I lay in bed keeping the tears at bay by pure force of will. But I endured. I’d lie perfectly still and remember my mother’s words. With great responsibility came great sacrifice.   My mistake tonight was that I moved. 
I knew Lucius wouldn’t be asleep. I hadn’t seen him sleep since we met. No longer able to fight the urge to be near him I decided to find him. I dressed quickly and gently opened the door to my room, nervous about sneaking out of the house. I’d never done anything like it before but I was determined to see it through. Besides, I wasn’t the same person; I had no intentions on professing love. I just wanted to see Lucius.
 I made it down the hall, stopping every time I thought I heard something. After an imaginary self- congratulatory pat on the back for making it to the front door unnoticed, I opened the door and almost screamed. Lucius was standing right outside the door. I should have known.  
“Do you ever sleep?” I asked after I could form words around my labored breathing.
“Of course I do. I just don’t require much.”
Closing the door at a rate of one centimeter per minute I turned to the person I’d come in search of. Over the last year, one of the things that made the new me possible was we were never alone. I don’t know if it was a decision we’d made independently or if my mom had something to do with it. But it worked. Standing on the darken doorstep of my house suddenly seemed liked playing with fire. Since my skin already felt inflamed I rolled with it.
“I came to see if you would like to go for a walk?”
“I don’t think Ruth would approve.” Lucius said but moved to let me pass him. 
“No. I suspect you’re right about that. But at least I’ll be safe.”
Expecting him to take my elbow or put his hand on my back, I was shocked when he took my hand, placing it in the crook of his arm. We walked out of the yard at a nice leisurely pace, like it was a Sunday afternoon and not in the middle of the night. The houses were all dark. The street lamps lit the way on our midnight stroll.
“Remember when we first arrived?” I asked, breaking the comfortable silence. I laughed thinking of Amara bossing Lucius around, taking over one of his bedrooms and turning it into a closet. 
“Amara?” Lucius said, reading my mind. 
The cool breeze made me wish for a jacket, but wasn’t so cold that I wanted to turn around. 
“I have to say, you are handling all this very well Wila, you’ve gone through a lot in the last year.”
“I was just thinking about that tonight, before I came out to find you.” 
I didn’t elaborate. I was glad I’d decided to go to him when it was so torturous to be away. I was surprised how relaxed I was. I was aware of the hand that was placed lightly on top of mine and for the first time, it didn’t feel like the world conspired against me and I was destined to live my life alone. I breathed a sigh of relief at the absence of the crazed hormonal teenage emotions that had gripped me when I first met him. There was still something there, but I had grown up. Now we were two friends just taking a walk. It was nice.
“Happy Birthday Wila,” Lucius said in a low voice. 
I would have missed it if it hadn’t been in the middle of the night and all was quiet. I smiled at him as he looked at me. I was surprised that he knew. 
“Thank you.” I said and squeezed his arm a little as we continued our walk.
We came to the end of the street and turned into a park. We didn’t speak, just enjoyed each other’s company. I gathered the courage to actually touch Lucius’s face. Something I wanted to do since I first laid eyes on him. When I raised my hand he caught it. There was a second when I panicked; Lucius had found peace in the new me. The look in his eyes stopped the apology that was forming on her lips. He slowly raised my hand to his lips and kissed it, first the inside of my wrist and then my palm before bringing it to his face and resting it on his cheek. Lucius closed his eyes and breathed in deeply. I felt like he had waited to receive this touch for as long as I had wanted to give it.
“I love you Wila.”
The whispered words were so unexpected that I jerked my hand back. The feelings that I had for him hadn’t changed but I had. I understood responsibility, I understood purpose. What I didn’t understand was why now. Now, that I had finally gotten to a point where I could tolerate his touch without falling to pieces. He opened his eyes and met my perplexed and confused ones. Lucius leaned over and kissed my forehead. It was such a sweet gentle show of affection, with his lips still resting on my forehead I knew we had been made to love each other. 
“How is this possible?” Lucius said in a low voice. He pulled me into his arms and put his chin on the top of my head, “I traveled the world several times over looking for you, lived lifetimes with the thought of you in my heart.” 
I stayed silent in his arms. I didn’t care about the why or the how. I’d thought I was alone in my fight.  His declaration of love freed me. I could have sat there a thousand years happy in his arms.
“I’ve never known a love like this. I knew the first time I saw in you the store. I could feel it then and when I touched you…” 
“It was the same for me. I didn’t want to leave you and now when I’m away from you I feel like I’m not whole, a little hollow.” 
“To be away from you physically pains me,” he said. I knew he was fishing. He wondered if it was the same for me.  I nodded and I felt his body tensed. 
“You are the Queen Mother and here you are being protected by someone who can’t protect you. The thought of someone hurting you haunts me.” 
I pulled away to look at him. I’d worried about him too. I hadn’t forgotten what Sariel said that day at Emily’s. Lucius would choose death to protect me. The thought had been unsettling then and now I was filled with a new kind of terror. 
“What can I do?”  I asked.
“It would be better if we could be in the same house.”  Lucius said.
We both were silent, thinking of how my mom was going to take Lucius moving into the house with us. My mother’s attitude had improved tremendously but why wouldn’t it? I hadn’t pined over Lucius in months. 
When we approached the house we could see that someone was up. We had been away for a while but it was three in the morning, still too early for anyone to be up. I didn’t bother with a stealth reentry. Mom was sitting in an armchair and she looked dangerously calm. She never took her eyes from us as Lucius and I made our way to the couch. I sat on the end, between them, ready to extinguish the fire that was smoldering between my love and my mother. 
“I would like to move in Ruth.”
Even ready to stand firm when I had the chance to speak to her about the new living arrangements, I was shocked by his straight forward approach.
“Is that a fact Lucius?” My mom’s reply was calm and the fact that she had not said yes or no right away made me nervous.
“Wila’s safety is of the utmost importance. As I am Wila’s guardian it only makes sense that I am in a place to protect her. I cannot do this from a house away and I love her.”
The last part made me laugh out loud. This was going from bad to worst and fast. I watched entranced, unable to speak.
“Do you now?” Her words were slow, as if she was pondering their meaning. 
“Yes and she loves me as well.”
I thought the words would make my mom hit the roof. I did love him but everything was suddenly moving very fast.
“And so your answer to this is for me to let you move in?”
“No, I think I’ve adequately argued why I should be here. The last part is simply fact. It has no bearing on the first part.  I simply wanted to be honest with you as one of her guardians.”
Through gritted teeth Mom tried and failed to control her anger. “Make no mistake; I am Wila’s only guardian. I may not be an angel but I am more than capable of keeping her safe. I have for the last seventeen years.” 
Mom stood up, and I while an ordinary person would have found her six foot frame intimidating, Lucius did not.  He raised his head from his seated position and continued to look at her as if she was standing to wish him a good night.
“I will take Amara and Wila away if I have to. We were all doing perfectly fine before you found us. For all I know your presence alone is putting us in more danger. Azriel knows you. He doesn’t know me.” She was almost yelling as she towered above a seated Lucius. He still looked as calm as ever, which probably fueled her anger. 
“I wouldn’t go and I wouldn’t let you take Amara,” I finally spoke. My mom looked at me in shocked disbelief. I could see the hurt in her eyes. My mother, who had given up everyone she knew and loved for me. 
“I have always done what you asked with no questions. You have given up everything to make sure I was safe. You kept your word to my birth mother and honored her in every way imaginable. But I am tired of running.”
 I sat there between my two loves with my voice strong and true, surprised that this strength came from me alone. I stood to face my mother. 
“No one can take away what you’ve done. I trust you completely but I trust Lucius too. Do you think it will be as easy as you packing me up and leaving? He will follow me and I will always fight to be by his side.”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” she said dismissing my words. She walked around the couch to leave the room. 
Lucius stood up but I silenced him by putting my hand on his chest. “The decision has been made.” I called out after my mom. 
“Yes?  And who made the decision?”  She asked as she turned back to face me. 
The look in her eyes would have scared me a year earlier but I was no longer the girl that had been brought to the small town a year before. I was never going to be that person again.
“I did.”
She turned without saying another word and went to her room. Lucius took my hand and we sat back on the couch. I let out a slow shaky breath as he took me in his arms.  Still feeling brave from taking on the wrath of my mom and winning I climbed into his lap. I’d expected him to protest but he didn’t.  He cradled me in his arms as I dozed off listening to his heartbeat. 

I woke up surprised that I was in my bed. I was fully dressed and a blanket covered me. Sitting on the edge of my bed I thought about last night.  Lucius loved me. I hugged myself thinking about it. Then I remembered the argument with my mom. I opened the door and almost ran into Lucius. My heart started to beat faster at the sight of him. The frown from worry I had smoothed. I smiled. Nothing was as bad as it seemed with him by my side. There was no way this was wrong or false. My mom would have to see that… right? 
The familiar, comforting smells of breakfast greeted us: coffee, pancakes, eggs and bacon. Amara was in the kitchen eating and she had company.  Sarah was there. I walked into the room, headed for the pitcher of orange juice on the counter and Amara smiled at me around a mouth full of food. 
“Good morning Sarah. You didn’t have to do all this.” I said.
“I don’t mind. It’s nice cooking for more than just one person.”
“Well thank you for doing it.” I said passing the plate I’d made to Lucius. “Eat” I instructed.
 I couldn’t do anything about him sleeping but he’d eat. Lucius took the plate from my hand and sat at the island. I made a second plate and sat at the table in front of Amara.
“So, Ruth’s pretty mad at you,” she said wasting no time. I would have been surprised if she had not known. Mom had been pretty loud last night.
“I know.”
 I was worried about her. She’d never gone anywhere and not told me where she was going. I was about to ask Amara if she had maybe told her where she had gone when she came in.  She looked in the kitchen and walked past us without speaking. Lucius got up and stopped long enough to put a reassuring hand on my shoulder before following her.



Lucius left Wila headed for a fight he felt would be tougher than any other obstacle he could think of; an overprotective mother. Lucius had not been born, had not been raised. He looked the same now as he had on the first day of his existence.  It had taken him a while to grasp the concept and understand the bond between a parent and a child and particularly that of a mother with her offspring. Human or animal you just didn’t threaten a young with the mother within striking range and Lucius was not only in range, he was moving in. 
He’d stayed his feelings for Wila out of a misguided attempt in honoring the vow he’d taken. After all the years on the surface and the development of emotions he’d stayed mostly to himself, he was, after all an angel.  He had a purpose and his instructions from the Almighty were crystal clear.  He never envied his friend, Sariel, who was plagued with feelings of joy and sadness. Lucius knew the Archangel thought him rough and once he’d thought he’d rather be tough than experience: fear, sorrow and yes—love. But he’d been wrong. Emotions could make you weak but they also made you stronger. 
His announcement that he was in love with Wila had been unexpected. The whole night had been unexpected. He’d stood at her door every night since they arrived. He’d looked at her thousands of times, he felt like he knew every strand of hair on her head. He’d kept himself at a safe distance, not because he was afraid to be alone with her, but because he thought it was truly the right thing to do. He was to protect her, not fall in love with her. 
The love he had for her hadn’t gone away, dimmed or changed, if anything, it had gotten stronger, even with them both putting up a valiant effort. He didn’t understand but he’d start to think that maybe…just maybe it was part of his purpose and if not…
He approached Ruth’s door prepared for battle. Wila had fought and won the first round last night, he would make the woman see reason this morning. He’d win, because like everything concerning Wila, failure was not an option.
There was a knock on the door and Ruth, fully expecting to see her daughter, was ready to apologize for her behavior.  She was surprised to find the angel standing there instead. Her disappointment showed in her body language, starting with the fall of her hand from the door knob.
“May I speak with you please Ruth?”
She stepped aside to let him in. Ruth went and sat on the edge of her bed. “Have a seat,” she said, pointing to the only chair in the room, a small delicate thing, sitting in front of its matching vanity. Lucius crossed the room and sat down. 
“I will give my life without hesitation if it means she’s safe but these words are true for you too. I’ve not said anything you have not promised yourself.
“For a thousand years I have chased the dream of one day finding her. The words of the first Ife, a constant reminder ringing in my ears, I would find her only when she needed protecting the most. There were bigger things in play than the pettiness of who can protect Wila.”
Ruth had not told Wila of her birthright in an attempt, not to keep her safe, but to simply keep her. Somewhere, along the way, her sacrifice had become selfishness. Lucius was there to help. The angel spoke the truth.
“Even if the world should stand against her I will sacrifice all so that she may live.” Lucius repeated the words of the first Ife. Azriel had bound his wings and barred him entrance to heaven for it. It was his first sacrifice made for the Mothers. 
“I never knew fear before she came into my life. Now it consumes my every waking moment. Fear that I will not be enough to protect her. Fear that I will not be enough to stop whatever works against her. But it was the fear of living one more day without her knowing my love that was too much to bear.” His eyes never left Ruth’s. The words he spoke sealed his fate with Ruth. There was no denying that he loved her. 
“Once I saw the power of a great love,” Ruth said. “I saw it give immeasurable strength and might equal to no other. It is just as beautiful to see a second time.” It was Wila’s mother, Maia; Ruth remembered and spoke of now. “I fear only for those who dare stand against such a love.” 
Ruth took in a deep breath, “I’ve behaved badly and I apologize to you angel.”  



Amara and Sarah started cooking around three that afternoon for my birthday dinner. Whatever they were making smelled divine. Both of the women threatened anyone who entered the kitchen. So my mom and I went outside to set up the patio where we would be eating. 
The night was chilly but lit torches and a fire pit provided enough heat to make it comfortable. The intimacy of the small fenced backyard was perfect. It was enough that I had family but I was pleasantly surprised when gifts were brought out. 
“Presents,” I said, clapping my hands. 
“Mine first, since it was my fabulous idea to have you a party.” Amara handed me the first present, a small, black, flip-top box. 
 On the black velvet interior was a charm bracelet. Large silver rings, had seven silver leaves of identical size and shape. Each leaf at its base had a different jewel. The leaves matched those on the front of my locket and the gems matched those on the back. 
“When did you have this made?” I asked. I couldn’t take my eyes off it.
“I received the finished piece back about a month ago. Do you know how hard it was to get a picture of your locket when you never take it off?”
“Then how did you?” Mom asked looking at the bracelet.
“Wila sleeps like the dead,” she said in good fun. 
Amara would the light that kept all the dark at bay when it came to the endless and fruitless search for our missing parents and siblings. She never let anyone be in her presence without a smile. He was hard to imagine not finding them when Amara’s faith was so unwavering. There was never any doubt when she assured me that we would find everyone and one day our family would be whole again. 
“Thank you Amara it’s beautiful.”  
“Ok mine next,” Sarah spoke up. 
Sarah was old enough to be Mom’s mom but strangely enough she felt like a sister, instead of a grandparent. Even Mom treated her more like a daughter. She’d been adopted into our little family almost from the start. You could find her in our house more often than hers. 
She may old but she was strong and after a year of living with her we all knew not to try to help her with the large wrapped present she sat on the table in front of me. She straightened and put her hands on her hips with a smile that brightened the darkening day.
“This is so exciting,” I said, ripping the wrapping paper off the second gift. It was a framed painting of me. 
“No fair Sarah your gift is so much better than mine,” Amara said playfully. 
“Sarah it’s beautiful, did you paint it,” Lucius asked. He moved close behind me and was looking over my shoulder. His closeness did wondrous and joyous things to my heart.
I had not sat for the painting, nor did I recognize the clothes, or the location. I stood next to a great tree, in a cream gown with gold trim. On my head was a crown of flowers. One hand was on a branch and the other over my heart.  My hair was down, and true to life, unruly and wild. 
“Sarah, I don’t know what to say, It’s so…” 
“Perfect,” Lucius finished for me. 
“Thank you Sarah. Really it’s wonderful,” I said, standing up to hug her. 
“Well I guess it’s my turn,” 
Mom put the last present on the table. It was a small box, larger than the box she’d given me last year but the wrapping was still one of a kind.  The first layer of paper was cream colored. The second was a black die-cut scroll designed. To top it all off, the lid had a red tissue paper peony looking flower with glittered edges. Inside the box was a single hair comb. The wood comb was only about three inches wide. The teeth were very long. The top of the comb held a single burnt orange-red gemstone. 
“It was my mother’s,”  
“Mom, I…” 
“You can and you will,” She said cutting my refusal off. “My mother gave it to me the night we left. I want you to have it.”
I didn’t know what to say. I’d gotten three beautiful gifts all better than the car I’d wished for last year. I was surrounded by people that loved me and I loved in return. Our small family of two had grown and I couldn’t have been happier.
“I have something,” Lucius said, “But it’s not wrapped.” 
Maybe I could be happier. I turned and felt more than saw the others do the same. My heart was a drumbeat in my chest.  He pulled his hand from his pocket and held it out to me. In his palm was a ring. The thin band had a continuous ornate pattern. The gold was dull from age. Lucius took my right hand, placing the ring on the middle finger. It fit perfectly. I had no words. 

Chapter 8: The Oath


Lucius was off the grid for now but we didn’t know for how long. Emily called regularly and promised a visit soon. She’d decided to leave the house after all and go out to look for Fredrick and Sveva. So far nothing…but she was still in good spirits. We went months at a time with no word from Sariel but that wasn’t unusual, he didn’t want to lead any of Azriel’s angels to us. 
Lucius and I went on daily walks, sometimes at night, sometimes in the day. We were getting to know each other and I had become comfortable in our love for each other. I knew he struggled with it because he didn’t understand why it was, but he didn’t doubt his love for me. Today we broke from the norm and walked in relative quiet. Ordinarily there was a barrage of questions from both of us as we got to know each other.  The day was nice and we made our way past the familiar houses of our neighbor. Lucius led us towards the park that I’d come to think of as “our place”.  Sitting at our usual bench that was also “ours”, I put my head on his shoulder. We looked over the field where a group of kids were playing on the playground. We were far enough that the sound of their laughter was muted. 
“I’d like to be your knight Wila.” 
“You already are, aren’t you?”  I asked, not lifting my head. Lucius had explained his purpose reassignment to become a guardian. It seemed to be pretty much the same as what he was asking.
“Yes but I would like to make the oath to you. It would mean a lot to me.” 
I raised my head to look at him, an oath sounded a lot like a vow.  Of course he had been watching me the whole time. He almost never looked anywhere else if we’re together. He stared at me endlessly and the way he looked at me always took my breath away. A cross between adoration and worry, it made me both happy and sad. I knew he worried about his inability to protect me from anyone stronger than a human.
“I’d like to do something for you too, we’re protecting each other remember?”
“There’s no oath that I know of for a woman,” He answered.
There was only one oath I knew of for a woman to make to a man and without thinking I blurted, “Oh, there’s one.” 
I knew that we loved each other but there were a lot of things going on. Did I need to add more? First, a look of confusion crossed his face and then it cleared. The seconds that passed before he spoke felt like hours.
“You’d walk by my side for eternity?”
I was hurt that he doubted that I would. “Yes, if you would have me,” I said looking away from him, back towards the playground full of happy kids.
“I love you Wila. I would like very much for us to be married?”
It took my breath away each time I heard him say he loved me, but I had just enough air in my lungs to say one word. 
I could not keep the smile off my face. We’d only sat a little longer before heading back home. As we entered the gate that surrounded our house Lucius stopped me. 
“I would like to ask Ruth for your hand.”
In my giddiness I had not thought about my mom; more importantly I had not thought about her reaction. If she was mad about our love and him moving in; she was going to be furious about us wanting to be married. I could only hope that our constant togetherness and obvious affection for each other would soften the blow. She had warmed considerably, but marriage was pushing our luck.
“Okay, if that’s what you want to do.”
It was the first time I’d seen him smile since I’d met him and it was beautiful. It took me a moment process that he meant to ask right then. I panicked.
As soon as the door opened mom looked up. She and Amara were on the couch reading, Amara lying with her head in Mom’s lap. Looking at them made my heart glad. She didn’t make a move and Amara didn’t even acknowledge our entrance. 
“Ruth, I would like to speak with you, please.” 
Mom patted Amara’s head and she sat up. They both looked at us. I was having heart palpitations. I was sure I’d drop dead before Lucius got a word out and certainly before my mom replied. Lucius gave my hand a reassuring squeeze that settled my nerves – a little.
“I would like to ask for Wila’s hand in marriage.”  
“You have my blessing. May happiness be your constant companion and your days together are long and true.”
We all looked at her as if she had grown a second head. None of us could have guessed her answer or speed and delivery of it. She seemed almost happy. 

Amara called Emily and shared the good news. Three months had passed since my birthday dinner. The yard was now full of flowering trees and bushes. The grass was tall and filled with wild flowers. Butterflies and honey bees flew lazily about. The impromptu engagement dinner was just as nice as the birthday dinner. After hours of talking about the type of wedding Amara thought would be appropriate Ruth and Amara retired for the evening. 
“How are you?”  Lucius asked.  My head was on his shoulder and he played with a strand of my hair. 
“Happy… very happy…overjoyed…nervous… excited.” I smiled as I tried to describe something that was so indescribable. 
“But not tired,” Lucius asked, kissing the top of my head.
Holding my thumb and index fingers up with a half-inch space in between them, “Maybe a little,” I said and protested when Lucius stood up, pulling me with him. “Not that tired.”
“I would move heaven and hell to be with you; to keep you safe and by my side.” He whispered into my hair. 
I didn’t have a chance to respond, before his lips were on mine. They were soft and smooth and felt just as I imagined. Our kiss was short and gentle. Chaste – but full of longing and passion and love. It was over way too quickly. It was my first kiss and it was perfect.
Amara was still up but the lights were off when I came into the room for bed. She had moved in with me and Lucius had taken hers. It was fun having a sister. We sat up for hours talking.
 “You’re glowing,” she said as I entered the room.
“I know. I’m just so happy Amara. I can’t believe it”.
“Me either,” she said, “But I mean you are literally glowing.” She dipped her head before pointing at my body. 
Back in the living room, we all stood in the dark room looking at the soft golden glow of my arms and hands. Everyone took turns touching them. I was asked if I felt any hotter and my mom even took my temperature which was crazy but no one had an explanation or guess as to why my skin glowed. Lucius had already made a call to Sariel. As if his plate wasn’t already full enough.  
Back in our room Amara sat on her side of the bed as I went to the closet to find something to sleep in. 
“Crazy day,” she said. “Do you think you’ll get married soon?”
 I hadn’t really given it much thought. Lucius had been adamant about getting in touch with Sariel, which led me to believe sooner than later. 
“We didn’t really talk about a date.” I answered, turning off the closet light and climbing in bed. My hands were still glowing but they were getting dimmer. 
“What do you think he wants to ask Sariel?” Amara asked.
“I have no idea. I’m tempted to say he wants to ask permission but if Lucius needed it he would have asked before.” 
We lay down and watched as the soft glow of my skin finally went away.
Two days pass before Sariel showed up, taking us all by surprise. I liked the angel more and more, he reminded me of a magical Amara. He appeared from behind a tree directly in front of us while we were out walking. After the initial shock wore off and hellos were over, he and Lucius walked ahead. After about fifteen minutes they stopped and hugged each other. Sariel slapped Lucius on his back and they waited for us to catch up.
 “Congratulations,” Sariel said as I approached the two angels.
“Thank you Sariel, I’m glad you were able to come so quickly. Any word?”
There was no reason to elaborate on who I was talking about. Missing sisters, mates and parents; they all fit in the same bowl.
“Sorry, but I can’t say. It’s still too dangerous.”
Sariel contacted Emily regularly with updates who would relay anything that was permitted to be shared which was not very much. She constantly reminded us that no news was good news. Even with the excitement of getting married I was still concerned with the progress of finding our families.  I took Sariel’s answer with a grain of salt and didn’t let it spoil my mood.
“Let’s find somewhere to talk. There are a couple things that we should discuss,” he said, smiling and taking my hand. He knew I was upset that he couldn’t share any information. I liked him more for trying to smooth it over with me.
After making it to our original destination, which was a large tree, Amara laid out a blanket for us to sit on. Lucius and Sariel stood.
“It seems that my brother has been on the surface too long,” Sariel started.  “There are a few things that may be…complicated. 
“First, knighting is a human notion, but involves an oath and an oath taken by an angel can only be broken in death.This has never been done and so we really don’t know what will happen. 
“Because Lucius is still an angle and Wila is the Queen Mother his oath should bind him to her, meaning all things he does will always revolve around the promise to protect her even if it means his life.”
“That’s so romantic,” Amara said. Her dreamy-eyed smile was too much. She hugged me and I laughed at her enthusiasm.  
“But…” my mom added. She was happy and would soon be caught up in the fairy-tale of it all, but she was a mother first, and her motherly instinct told her there was more.
“Their marriage will be a life-vow. If one of them should die then so does the other.”
“Is there no other options?” she asked. 
“The life-vow is what Lucius wants.”
I looked at Lucius. The nice day had gotten hotter and it was harder for me to breathe. I heard Mom in the background but not the words she was saying. Amara too, had her say. Nothing else mattered to me at that moment. The connection I felt for Lucius was strong, even with no oaths or vows taken. I didn’t know if Lucius knew about the life-vow before Sariel’s arrival or if he’d simply chose not to tell me. There was only one answer. There was no me without him. 
“Yes,” I said, accepting his proposal a second time. 
Mom and Amara shut up simultaneously. I had spoken in a normal speaking voice. I was surprised either of them heard me. Mom opened her mouth and then closed it. Amara mouth hung open as if the hinges of her jaws were broken. All protest ceased. The decision had been made and there was nothing else to be said.
“The next pro—“
“You’ve got to be kidding me, there’s more?” Amara said. 
“The next issue,” Sariel started over looking at Amara, “Is Lucius would like to be married as soon as possible. 
“As soon as possible,” my mother said. I wasn’t sure if she was still happy for us with the life-vow just thrown at her. I’m sure she had held out hope for a long engagement. 
“Yes, but there are certain precautions that we would like to put in place. We have no idea what effect an oath between Lucius and Wila will have on the realms.” Sariel said.
“It may be no more than the oath taken by a human man or woman. It could open the heavens. Or any number of other things,” Lucius added. 
“Now that sounds complicated,” mom said.
“Well we were planning on something a lot smaller than that,” Amara said playfully. For her, nothing topped the life-vow, even the thought of the heavens opening.
“There’s one more thing.” 
Amara turned to tease Sariel again but stopped when she saw the expression on his face. It matched Lucius and no one did serious face like my angel. I don’t’ think I’d ever seen Sariel without at least the hint of a smile on his face. It worried me.
“If the oaths should alert the heavens of the location of Lucius or Wila then the people who live in this village will need to be prepared.”
“Of course,” Mom said.
“How dangerous will it be?” I asked.
We’d been there a little over a year. We tried hard to stay separate from the close knit community but it was almost impossible when everyone you met was as sweet and kind as Sarah. After awhile they kind of wore us down. The only thing we knew for certain was that Azriel wanted the Mothers destroyed, would it make a difference to him if he had to kill a few hundred humans and fae to do it? Somehow I thought not. 
“I’ll bring in some angels that will offer protection but I can’t risk letting too many know about you,” Sariel said looking at Amara and I. And still he didn’t’ answer the question. Either sensing I wasn’t satisfied with his answer or continuing he added. “I just don’t know what lengths he will go.”
There were rituals of protection that could be performed and the timeframe for the wedding would be determined by how long it took us to find someone to perform them. We decided to enlist the help of both Emily and Sarah.  
No one in the small village had been told our secret.  I’d insisted on telling them. I owed them that much. If we were asked to leave we would, but I couldn’t in good conscious, bring harm to the people who had taken us in and treated us like family from the first moment we arrived. So we broke the news to Sarah first.  She had become like a member of the family and it felt right. She took the news with no doubt and in true Sarah form; the task of helping consumed her. My mom and Amara had no intention of being caught off guard and went into full wedding mode. I gladly handed over all arrangements, putting every detail in their capable hands. Sariel called for more guardians to watch over us. Maalik and the menacing looking one from Emily house, whose name was Samiel, showed up the next day. Maalik was happy to be with us. Samiel, or Sam as I called him, was anyone’s guess. It was hard to get past the ominous look. 



Lucius passed a seated Ruth and they nodded their acknowledgment and agreement. He walked down the narrow hall and didn’t knock on Wila’s door, just opened it up and walked right in. At the great tree she’d insisted on telling the town’s people who she was. He and Sariel had gone to the house he’d lived in before moving in with Wila and went over worst case scenarios. The arrival of Maalik and Samiel was a start but nowhere near the numbers needed if Azriel launched a full scale attack.  He hadn’t voiced his objections then but he had every intention of letting her know how he felt. He was struck still when he saw her.
The white halter dress was backless and the display of flawless brown skin from her shoulder blades to the small of her back made him swallow. Wila was a jeans and t-shirt type of girl, the most he’d ever seen of her, besides her head, was her arms and feet. He was still standing in the doorway with his hand on the knob when she turned around. 
He’d thought she was beautiful before, he was certain of it now. Her hair, which she always wore in a ponytail, was pulled up in soft waves adorned with flowers. The front of the dress had a cut out that framed the axis around her neck.  The white was a lovely contrast to her caramel colored skin. She looked close to the picture Sarah painted and had given her for her birthday. 
They’d been in the village for more than a year and while ninety nine percent of the people, not only knew the stories of the mothers they believed it in, no one suspected that two walked among them every day. Looking at Wila now it wasn’t hard to believe. She belonged in the heavens, she was mother earth, all souls, good or bad, lost or found, were hers. 
“You look beautiful,” he said closing the door gently behind him as he stepped the rest of the way in the room. 
He hadn’t been angry when he walked in the house; he thought of it as forceful determined. Now he was just determined. The thought of losing her had been great, now it seemed unfathomable. She belonged to the world, there was no way he would…could let anything happen to her. Not without the world knowing how truly special she was, including her beauty.
“Thank you,” she said looking down at her dress. 
Lucius could tell she was uncomfortable in the dress, he’d never seen her in anything so…delicate. He took small steps to her. He raised his hand and touched her shoulder, ran it down the length of her arm until he could take her hand in his.
“I think you should only let Amara step forward as a Mother.”
He felt the slight increase in pressure as she tightened her grip and then she loosened it until only he kept their hands joined, but she didn’t try to pull away.
“This is about me, not Amara,” Wila said looking at him with a determination he’d never seen before.
“It’s too dangerous Wila. If even one person is on Azriel side…” 
She silenced him by placing a finger on his lips. “People have been doing dangerous things for me my whole life. The only difference between the people in this village and Ruth and Emily and Fredrick, even you, is that you all were given a choice. I can’t take that away from them.”
Lucius kissed the tip of the finger pressed firmly against his mouth. She moved her hand and laid it on his chest, right above his heart. Her touch was a brand upon his soul. He would die for her and it had nothing to do with any oath or vow. He’d kill for her; die for her because he loved her. 
“I won’t lose you. You’re too important.”
“I’m not more important than anyone risking their life for me,” she said.
“I wish that was true Wila, if it were than your life wouldn’t be in danger.”
“Even so, I can’t endanger the people in the village without them knowing. The sacrifices of those who know is enough, I can’t add the death of innocents. You took an oath, all the people who agreed so long ago on a rainy night made a promise.  I may be a Queen but I won’t be a tyrant.”
Lucius felt a first. Pride.  He allowed himself a kiss. She closed her eyes as he kissed her cheeks, a soft brush of lips on both sides and she smiled for a few seconds before opening her eyes. 
“My Queen,” he whispered in her hair as he pulled her close to his body. “I cannot lose you,” he amended his previous statement. 
“Then keep me safe,” Wila answered. 



At six forty five we left our house on the way to the park for the town hall meeting called to make the announcement and give the people of the town a choice. Were they willing to but their safety on the line by allowing me to continue to live in their village if there was a chance that a crazed angel may wage war on it in an attempt to destroy me and maybe Amara?  I honestly didn’t know but I was okay with whatever answer they gave us. 
The talk I’d had with Lucius had gone better than expected. I almost felt sorry for him. I knew Mom had been counting on him talking sense into me about the big reveal. But both of them should have known better. Sacrifice should always be a choice, or at least that’s what I thought.
Maalik smiled at me as I joined the rest of the group already congregated in the front room. He bowed at the neck before taking the lead. Sariel and Amara followed, then Lucius and me, and last but not least, Mom and Samiel. 
As we made our way down the sidewalk passing the familiar homes of our neighbors I thought of all the people we’d come to know since we’d arrived, the men, women and children that had become friends and in Sarah’s case, family. The threat of Azriel suddenly felt real. For a year he was the boogieman or any other invisible threat, but when my mind’s eye brought up the images of the smiling people I knew, the ones that I loved more than life itself as well as those that offered us food and shelter, it was enough to take my breath away but this time when I exhaled I wasn’t calmed. 
“Are you well Wila,” Lucius asked. 
I looked into the eyes of my angel. My angel who was ready to die for me, ready to swear an oath that could only be broken in death, the one I loved and wanted to bind myself to in every way. Lucius stopped and turned my body so we faced each other. 
“What is it?” he asked. He cupped my face in his hands. 
Everyone had come to a stop. Sariel, Amara and Maalik turned and came back and together with Samiel and Mom, they made a circle around the two of us. 
“I love you,” I said. 
I’d said the words a thousand times but the strength behind the three words stilled my heart. Lucius took a deep breath of his own. I turned to Amara who held out her arms and I stepped into her embrace.   
“I love you Amara.”
“I love you too Wila.” She squeezed me extra tight before releasing me. 
My mom was right there and my body barely had a chance to register it was in a different set of arms. My mom was inches taller than me and I laid my head on her shoulder. Our hug was more of an embrace and I found comfort in her arms, just like I had countless other times. 
“Thank you.” I hugged her and snuggled into the hold. “Thank you for taking care of me, thank you for being so strong.”
My mom wasn’t a crier. I can’t remember a time I’d ever seen her cry and she didn’t cry then. She held me in arms that felt prepared to do so for an eternity. Would my life have been the same if her mother had taken me? I didn’t think so.
Once, at Emily’s house, I made a promise to do something for all the people who had made a sacrifice for my family. But it wasn’t about what they’d done or what I thought I owed. It was about responsibility and purpose…it was about love. If the people of this village told us to leave we’d leave but I’d protect them, not because I owed them and not only because it was part of my destiny, but because I loved them.  I could do this, I had no choice, I was born to do it and I would take on the great honor wholeheartedly.
I let go of my mom and she didn’t look concerned, she kissed me on the forehead and joined Samiel and we returned to the formation we’d been in before I had my mini-epiphany.  We didn’t speak and as we turned the last corner I could see the hundreds of people that had come out. Sarah had been right, everyone had come, I knew without a head count. 
Amara, in front, looked like the queen that she was. Her posture was perfect and her dress had just the right amount of train. The band of gold around her head finally looked like the crown that it was. Emily had given Amara her birthright in the small circle of gold; she’d taught her what it would be like to be adored and the responsibility of ruling and guiding the fae. I could never pull that off. I didn’t’ have the same regal demeanor as Amara and Mom.
I didn’t know if someone told beforehand or if the people figured it out but the second Amara approached people started to bow and curtsey. Sariel had taken Amara’s hand and put it in the crook of his arm and as he escorted her through the aisle of people she smiled at everyone and no one. Tomorrow everyone would swear she’d looked right at them.  
  The truth of who I was had been kept hidden from me. There was no blame; my mother had done an extraordinary job raising me. With my sister leading the way I took my first step into the masses but instead of passing them by I stopped. I am the Celestial Queen Mother, my birth affected the world. There had been peace in places that had only known war and offerings had been left at long forgotten temples.  The prophecy said I am the center of the heavens, the earth and it realms and the underworld but I would love earth above all others.  
I let go of the timeless angel at my side and reached out and touched the first of the people in the crowd. My people. 

Chapter 9: Unbreakable Vows


The sun had just passed the horizon when Lucius and I reached the arms of the great tree. It was the spot we were to be married. Sariel and Lucius had explained that the tree was an axis that linked the realms. Like my necklace, it too seemed dormant.
“Is there no way to activate it?” I asked laughing at the word I finally came up with after struggling for the right one. 
“I don’t know…maybe. We’ll ask the priest when they arrive.” Lucius said.  He watched me as I walked around the tree running my hand around its truck. We matched; the bound angel and his all powerful, yet dormant bride. 
 Being in the branches of the tree was magical. It was a great climbing tree and I wondered how many of the village children and done just that. A breeze shook the leaves and for a moment I could hear the laughter of the untold numbers that had found the wonders of the tree.
“It’s beautiful,” I said taking Lucius’s hand and walking to one of the many branches that were low enough to the ground to sit on.
“You’re beautiful.”
My hands were glowing and we stared at them. The mystery of why they glowed was still unsolved. I had noticed that they glowed at times when I was at my happiest; hearing the love that my angel had for me in those two words made me very happy. 
I closed my eyes and breathed deeply as his warm and soft lips met mine. The feeling of love that we had for each other embraced us even though we didn’t hold one another, our lips were the only thing that touched. Just like before he was the first to end it.
“I will never stop wanting to do that,” he said breathlessly.
“Then don’t.”
Sadly he moved away. Lucius was nothing if not honorable and old world traditional. Anything other than that chaste kiss was off limits. He was probably breaking some self-rule in even allowing it. 
 As I stood, he dropped to one knee. I smiled down at his bowed head thinking he was going to propose to me—again. He had not gotten on one knee before. I tilted my head in confusion when he put a fisted right hand over his chest.
“Great tree of life I ask that you bear witness I am a true and good warrior, worthy of the honor to become the Queen Mother’s knight.” 
I was surprised by his actions and more so by his words but I am truly shocked by what happens next. The limbs and branches of the tree began to move. Leaves from the great tree started to fall around us and roots sprouted from the ground. Before my eyes they folded and braided until a throne was made.
I looked at Lucius but he had not moved from his kneeled position, nor had he raised his head. So I sat. A spray of beautiful wild flowers bloomed on its headrest as I did. Once I was seated Lucius continued.
“On this day, for all times, I render homage and fealty to the Queen. By right of arms, from this day forward, no blow meant her harm shall go unanswered. I will serve faithfully by her side. This is my solemn oath. This I do swear, Hadraniel, gate keeper of the second gate to heaven.”
His words stopped my heart and as I looked down upon his bowed head, the words that he had spoken so fiercely rang in my ears. They echo on the very branches of the tree we are under. Movement and a small flicker of light above Lucius’s head drew my attention up.  The limbs were moving. There was something being lowered or falling through the branches.  I looked at Lucius again but he still had not moved. Looking back up, I saw a small crown being handed from branch to branch.
 It had no color and was all colors, sometimes it sparkled with jewels and then it was a simple band of gold. It changed a dozen times before it finally made its way to me, until finally, hanging in front of me was a silver crown. The design was of tiny flowers, no doubt the same that my angel had made a thousand years before. In watching the descent of the crown I had not seen Lucius move. He took the crown from the branch. 
“Having sworn my solemn oath do you accept my vow?” Lucius’ expression was unreadable. There was something electric building in the air that had nothing to do with the bond that Lucius and I shared.  I knew the moment was bigger than just him making an oath to protect me. 
“I do.”  Lucius didn’t put the crown on my head and it was a second before I realized that he waited for permission. I bowed my head.  
When the crown touched my head, I lit the night sky. Not with the soft glow that I’d first noticed after our engagement, but with an almost blinding light. Every hair on my body stood up and every inch of my skin tingled. A slow build of heat covered me and the pull that I’d always associated with the connection between me and my angel built inside me. My limbs became heavy but there was no pain. The glow had become so bright that Lucius turned and covered his eyes with his forearm. 
I was born the Queen Mother. It had lain dormant inside me my whole life. The love of my angel set it free. Everything about me and my life was magical and I’d believed most of it without question. The one thing that never made sense was the whole, she will be so beautiful that no human can look directly at her, bit. I was attractive but last time I’d checked people had no problem looking at me. Lucius hardly took his eyes off me. But as I looked at my angel, it fell into place; the last piece of the puzzle for me was the first of my abilities to manifest. I had no idea how I was to walk between realms, or be this great and all powerful guardian but my skin glowed and now it shined like a thousand suns. 
The light that engulfed me dimmed and then disappeared. Lucius knelt once more and said in a voice full of reverence, devotion and love absolute and never ending, “My Queen.

“Couldn’t wait,” Sariel said, coming from behind the tree.
I turned at the sound of his voice.  He bowed, going to his knee before standing and walking to Lucius. It was weird to have anyone bow to me and I was a little uncomfortable but I acknowledged his show of respect with a nod of my head. 
“What damage have I done,” Lucius asked Sariel.
“Well, you can be certain that Azriel knows that the Queen Mother has been recognized by the realms.”
“What happened?” I asked, moving closer to Lucius, who took me in his arms.
“You know, the usual—heavenly choirs, thunder, lightning—the works.” 
I hadn’t seen or heard any thunder or lightning but I had my own light show going on. Ignoring Sariel’s playfulness Lucius spoke in his usual businesslike tone. “Does he know Wila’s location?”
“No, but it’s just a matter of time,” he said, all playfulness set aside.
We went back to our house with Sariel to explain to everyone what happened. We were greeted at the door by Sarah, who’d been making calls in the quest for the seven people who could perform the rituals of protection. 
Sarah had thrown open the door and whatever sentence on her lips fell flat. She looked at Sariel first, who she was not expecting. When she a saw the crown she fell to her knees. “My Queen.” 
“Sarah, is that Lucius and Wila? Have you told them the good news?”
Amara came from the back followed by my mom. Amara seeing Sarah knelt before the three of us standing in the doorway looked confused and then saw the crown and stopped so suddenly that mom bumped into her. 
“What the…”
Amara instantly dropped to her knees cutting my mom’s words off. My mom walked around Amara’s bowed body. Her look was not one of confusion but one of disbelief.  She stopped just behind Sarah. “You looked so like Maia for just a moment,” she said before joining the other women. 
“Okay, please stand up.” My voice was shaking not only because of the bowing and kneeling but from the words that my mom.
After explaining Lucius’s impromptu oath taking and resulting events that took place in its wake, we all sat in the kitchen trying to figure out what to do next. The room was filled with excitement and worry. Lucius could be still. That’s the best way to describe when he became so motionless he seemed like a living statue. Now he sat next to me with the consequences lying heavy on his heart. He was worried that he had put me in greater danger. Sariel tried reasoning with him until Lucius, in a tone that reeked of finality, ordered him to stop.
“Azriel has started rallying the troops and I need to get back before he misses me,” Sariel said. “I’ll send word when I can.” 
“Thank you Sariel,” I said, when it became obvious that Lucius was not going say anything, or maybe that was my job now.
“You’re most welcome.” Sariel left the four of us sitting in the kitchen.
“You’ll continue making the arrangements for the wedding. I’d like to get married as soon as possible.”  I expected to get some type of reaction from Lucius from the announcement but he didn’t say anything. The silence in the room weighed me down as I waited for Lucius to say something, but he was determined to beat himself up.
“I’ve put you in danger.”  The hurt and fright in his voice would have made me sad or afraid but I was stronger now. 
“I was in danger all alone. No -- you’ve made me a queen.” 
Lucius head snapped up and he stared at me. I kissed him lightly on the lips. Who was he to deny the queen?

Sariel sent word that Azriel was chomping at the bit to find me and his behavior had finally left little doubt of his intent. As a result Sariel felt there would be an influx of angels to join our side.  It sounded like good news but it was plagued with problems. First, Azriel was the only Seraphim left after the destruction of Armaros and Azazel, so it wasn’t a stretch to think that Azriel did indeed have absolute rule over the heavenly angels, which meant that some angels would follow him with no questions asked. Second, choosing sides was seen as being dangerously close to rebelling and it was rebellion that had gotten the angels in trouble in the first place, so the fear factor cut into the numbers of who may come to our side. Third, the longer Sariel stayed in heaven the chances of him getting caught and sharing Lucius punishment or worse increased. Even with Azriel erratic behavior working in our favor it wasn’t like Sariel could just go around taking a poll or asking for defectors. He was working in secrecy with less than handful of trusted angels who had, for all intent and purpose, had already began to change the hardwiring of the reason for their existence—their purpose. 
Heavenly and angelic politics were confusing to say the least. Man had been given grey areas, we called it free will. Angels were not afforded the same and because their world should have been black and white the situation seemed like a computer program that had been given conflicting data and was short-circuiting as it tried to figure out which command to follow. I so wasn’t looking forward to the crash if the system failed.  
I was worried; about Sariel and Maalik and Samiel. The thought of anything happening to the three angels that had been with us from the start was so scary I tried not to think of it too hard. Maalik and Samiel were with us almost full time but they still went back to heaven sometimes as to not raise suspicion.  Sariel, having a higher station than the other two, only came to visit for snatches of time. I think I was more anxious during his short visits than even him. 
In the middle of all of this, I discovered my crown was permanently attached to my head. It wasn’t tight or even snug, I was aware of it if I remembered it was there but for the most part it was a forgettable comfortable fit. Oh yeah, it also changed. When Lucius placed it on my head, it had been a wreath of flowers; by the time we made it back to the house it was a single band of gold that matched Amara’s. In the scheme of things, it seemed ridiculous to worry about and so I didn’t. 
I woke in a pool of sunshine ready for the day to get started. I couldn’t remember a time I was so excited…or so nervous. I felt the angel standing on the other side of the door. If it had been darker in the room I would have been able to see the soft golden glow of my skin that seemed to be constant now. I could feel the pull of him as soon as I opened my eyes; in my stomach. It cut my breath off. I threw my legs over the edge of the bed and willed myself to walk in the direction of the bathroom instead of to the closed door that separated us. I smile as I passed the door; knowing Lucius’s felts it too. 
I was brushing my teeth when the weight of everything happening hit me. That happened a lot these days. In what world did I deserve such an extraordinary life and the love of an angel?  There was still so much unfinished and unknown, but the things that had happened so far made me hopeful, even with a full year and a half having passed with no word of the others missing from our happy family. I shook my head to clear my thoughts. The bond that I shared with Lucius was letting me know, enough was enough. I’d been away from him for too long.
The building pressure caused by our prolonged absence from each other could get painful, although we were almost never separated by more than a room. Lucius had taken Amara’s room when he came to live in the same house. Amara had moved in the room with me, which was fine, since she spent so much time in the room anyway. We had been roommates long before Lucius arrival. Amara moved next door, to the house assigned to Lucius, stating she was tired of bumping into the angel every morning.
I opened the door and forgot how to breathe.
I knew he was there. The bond was better than any GPS but the sight of him was overwhelming. Before Lucius, I would have described angels as: golden haired, peaceful-looking, flowing-gown-wearing, glowing, harp-playing creatures. Boy had I been wrong.
Before me stood more than six feet of solid, seemingly unmovable, muscle. His milk chocolate colored skin was smooth and flawless. His hazel eyes looked more gold today, sometimes they were greener. His hair, usually held back from his face was loose, and his waist length dreadlocks fell around his shoulders in thick ropes. His gaze was so intense it was almost threatening. Anyone that didn’t know us may have thought he meant me harm.
Lucius was the first to move. He took the single step to close the small distant that separated us and was standing so close I could feel his breath on my eyelashes. His touch was always so light. Like a whisper on my skin. I knew it was because he was afraid of accidentally hurting me. He didn’t have the full strength of an angel but he was stronger than any human man. He raised his hand but it stopped in mid-air, his brow creased in frustration. I put my hand on his chest, over his heart and he closed his eyes and breathed a slow calming breath. My hand was glowing bright and was getting brighter with each second it laid on his chest. The light never bothered us, didn’t make us have to squint or look away. We stood there looking at each other, our eyes and bodies speaking what we no longer had to say aloud. We belonged together. After what seemed like an eternity, he took me in his arms and literally took my breath away. I knew it was harder for him to be away from me. His worry had been constant since Sariel announcement that the realms had recognized me and Azriel knew I lived.  He worried I would be taken away from him and so I bared the embrace for as long could. I rested my head on his chest and he released the tight hold enough for me to breathe and placed his chin on the top of my head. 
“Is she up?” my mom yelled from the kitchen.
My mom wasn’t a yelling woman but it wasn’t every day your only daughter was getting married to a warrior angel. So she was allowed.
“I’ll give you a moment,” he said, kissing my cheek.
I walked in the kitchen and found my mom sitting at the kitchen table. She started talking as soon as I walked into the room. 
“It is customary for the mother of the bride to sew a piece of clothing that the bride will wear during her ceremony. I’ve made you a slip to wear under your gown.
” She pulled hard, breaking the thread and stood up holding a gossamer thin piece of fabric, “What do you think?”
The white slip was made from the sheerest fabric I had ever seen. The straps were white ribbon that tied at the shoulders. The bottom of the slip was embroidered with small white flowers that started sparsely at the halfway point and then got thicker as they reached to bottom. 
“It’s the most beautiful thing I will wear today,” I said, hardly believing my eyes. I’d never known my mom could sew.
 Lucius entered the kitchen while I was still hugging my mother and she hid the slip by turning her back to him, holding it close to her body. 
“It is not your people’s custom for the groom not to see wedding attire.” Lucius said.  
“I know I’m being silly but I can’t help it,” she said, gathering it up and leaving the room to put the slip away. 

The search for the people who would perform the rights of protection had gone quicker and smoother than any of us thought, and once they arrived, the seven men had stood for the last seven days in a circle blessing and protecting the site. They had come from all walks of life; although most were “traditional religious” all were spiritual. Our group included a Tibetan monk, a Roman Catholic priest, a Native American holy man and an African tribal shaman. The one that touched me the most was the homeless man named Woodrow. He had been a street preacher traveling the country, an outcast in a modern society that no longer believed in the possibility of someone being in touch with a higher power. He was always in good spirits and had the most infectious smile. He hugged everyone when greeting or leaving them. He was an absolute joy.
The soft whispered prayers of the priests felt both menacing and soothing as they called upon the heavens to bless the site, and at the same time, put in place wards against evil. They all wore plain burlap colored robes, tied at the waist by a length of rope. They’d sat in the same position for the last seven days; cross legged with their right hand over their hearts and their left held out from their bodies with the palm facing out as if stopping someone or something from advancing. Each had their heads slightly bowed and their eyes closed. Their lips never rested from the prayers they recited.  
I had come out a few times since the blessing had begun and watched them in awe. I was touched by their dedication and tenacity in the ritual, and like every other time, I became teary eyed to be honored in such a way by these men who never met me, had only the story of a prophecy, but prepared nevertheless…for me. Lucius put a comforting arm around my shoulder.
“You shouldn’t be so upset,” he said, kissing the top of my head.
“I know,” I whispered.
Lucius had already explained that they were in a trancelike state and while their physical bodies remained, their spirits actually traveled through the realms. I thought about the old saying about leaving childish things behind. Magic would definitely be high on the list of things you believe as a child but one day don’t, and for some unfortunately people faith in the unknown was the equivalent of magic. I really started reevaluating my belief system. How could I not. I was now in same the league as countless other mythological deities. I wondered how many others forgotten gods were real. 
Lucius had timed it perfectly and within minutes of our arrival the prayers were over and the men all “woke”. There were other people at the sight that offered them food and water. We had packed food ourselves that Lucius unloaded when we arrived. The area surrounding the site was buzzing with activity as people worked setting up the space that was to be used for the reception. Once the blessing was done at the ceremony site it was quickly overtaken by people who busied themselves preparing it.  Seeing it all come together was like a dream. I walked amongst the people that had taken us in and then made the choice to stand by us if things headed south. They smiled as they greeted me. 
I had given no instructions on anything. I would have gladly married Lucius the second the blessing was done but mom and Amara insisted on something a little bit more extravagant. I marveled at the lanterns and lights being set up and the thousands of flowers that were being strung up everywhere in every color until Ruth announced it was time to leave. Lucius and I walked back to the car, nervous about being apart. It was going to be the longest since he’d found me. There had been no threat on my life since my birth, but Lucius guarded me as if there were assassination attempts on a daily basis. 
 “I love you very much Wila Ife Freeland. I am yours forever.” 
As always his declaration of love left me lightheaded and breathless.  I let him pull me into an embrace to calm us both. He breathed in heavily and then let me go; turning to walk away without another word maybe afraid he’d not leave if he did. I hadn’t said anything but knew that I didn’t need to. He knew I loved him. 
After watching him walk off with one of the seven men who’d performed the blessing, I turn and was shocked to see everyone around had stopped what they were doing. In unison they all touched their hearts and then blew kisses to me. 
“It is an acknowledgment that we have witnessed true love, that we are honored to be in its presence and love more because of it.” My mom answered the unspoken question.  
I found myself on another level of excited as I began my own preparation for the day. Ruth and I made it back to the house to find two seamstresses in my room removing my dress from a large garment bag. 
The dress was made of black silk. I was stunned by the muted elegance of it. A short sleeved wrap dress with a matching black sash, it had a small train about three feet long, embroidered with black silk ribbon that was the same pattern used on the slip my mother showed me earlier. It was perfect. I actually jumped up and down and clapped my hands. It was so beautiful. 
 After everyone had cleared out and I was given a few moments alone, I thought about my family. Finding Amara was like a dream come true. We fit together like hand in glove, the bond of sisterhood strong from the very beginning despite us not knowing each other. I thought about my parents and my mom’s family. I had no memory of my birth parents and had only “met” Mom’s once, but they were missed dearly. I thought of Lucius and his history and all the things that he’d gone through. I thought of all that had happened that led us to this moment. 
Lucius told me of the places he went while he searched for me. How the world changed as it evolved. The customs and traditions that had developed as mankind’s time on the surface grew longer. He was the ultimate historian. The customs and rituals that we were using today were all his idea. He’d worked personally with Amara and Mom to make sure everything was just right. 
The blessing of the circle was old and powerful, full of a magic that hardly existed anymore. There were other parts that he included just because they were beautiful to him: the ceremonial bath we’d both take in a nearby lake, his eight hour prayer vigil, my escorts for the day, and our wedding ceremony. All were his doing; a collective of interpretations of religion, devotion and love.
My mom came in wearing the same plain white gown that I was wearing for the ceremonial bath. My mother had never been one to let emotion rule her. She was so strong. She’d taught me grace and had given me the strength I’d need to be the person she knew I was meant to be. We left my bedroom to join five women and Amara. All were dressed in the same white gown. I would be escorted by six guardians. I differ only in the emerald green robe that was draped across my shoulders and the crown of wild flowers on my head.  
There were two sets of guardians followed by Amara.  My mom was behind me in the place of the greatest honor. Only the strongest walked behind the bride and this lone guardian would protect her from any evil spirits.  It was a mile walk to the lake. As we got closer, crowds of people began lining the path throwing flower petals. So many that they carpeted our path. When we reached the banks of the lake, four of the holy men were there and four of guardian women join. To my delightful surprise Woodrow stood just in the lake. I stopped on the bank only long enough to have my robe removed before joining him. Woodrow started my wedding with a prayer.
“Great Creator, whose breath gave life to this world, and whose voice is heard on the soft breeze, for strength and wisdom, to help us to walk in beauty and accept all things with open arms and full hearts, so when life fades, our spirits may leave this realm without shame.” 
Woodrow removed the crown of flowers from my head and handed it over my shoulder to my mom. I took his hand and he led me just a step or two further into the water before turning me. He put one arm around my shoulders and the other over my heart. I brought my arms up and laid my hands over Woodrow’s before he submerged me completely in the water. As I lay there, eyes closed, I thought about Lucius. Not long before he’d been in the lake, maybe in the same spot. I reached out through our bond and felt his calming presence. My angel, the angel of love, the gate keeper of the second gate of heaven—and very soon—my husband. 
When we’d all gotten back to our house, I was allowed to change into a bathrobe. Big and puffy –my favorite kind.  
Hey there,” Amara said. She’d changed into a robe too, same style, but in pink. She was holding a large case and I eyed it suspiciously.  She was going to do my hair for the wedding but I hadn’t expected her to show up with a duffle bag sized container full of who knows what. I don’t know why I hadn’t. Amara’s personal motto was, Go big or go home. 
I wasn’t allowed to dry my hair with a blow dryer and Amara dried it as much as possible with a towel before she fixed it into a low hanging chignon. It felt oddly light, seeing as my hair was damp and thick. Soft waves lay close to my head. I had been adamant about wearing a crown of Spirea. It was the small white flower that Lucius had given to Ife. It was my only contribution and was going to be a surprise for Lucius. 
Mom came in seconds after Amara was done and together they rubbed ceremonial oils on my arms and legs before helping me with my dress. I turned around and almost didn’t recognize myself; funny how clothes and a simple crown of flowers can do that. I ran my hand over the smooth slick material of the gown. It was the most beautiful thing I had ever worn.  I marveled at the thought of all the hard work that had gone into making the clothes I wore. Nothing was machine made, not the fabric or ribbon; not even the thread. Everything had been handmade and dyed using natural materials. Amara had worked very hard in getting everything here in time. 
The dress was black. I had thought marrying in black was weird until the custom was explained. The colors symbolized that I would be faithful until death; and then mourn the loss of my true love until my own passing. . The vow I’d take today meant that I would leave this world with my true love but the color still felt right.
“Ready,” my mom said in a low voice. 
I nodded. I didn’t trust myself to speak.
Mom and Amara both had honored positions. This time my mom was in the front as elder of our family. Amara was behind me; a lady in waiting. We walked to the ceremony site.  The butterflies in my stomach were in full flight. Since Lucius’s oath under the tree, I’d begun to see the world as I’d never seen it before. The grass seemed greener, colors of lime and emerald in the leaves of the trees and bushes. Vibrant orange, yellow and red in the flowers that seem to bloom all over and the stark white of the pedals that carpeted the ground I walked on as people threw them as I made my journey.  There were smiles on each of their faces, from the oldest in front, to the small children on the shoulders of their fathers; all coming out to get a glimpse of the bride.  
The sun had begun to set by the time we made our way to first branches of the great treat. They spread out wide and inviting like comforting arms. Lanterns provided soft light and even with hundreds of people, it felt like a small intimate gathering. The people that were standing in a circle parted as we arrived. Standing in the center of the circle, dressed in all white, was my angel. 
Lucius touched the crown of flowers on my head before taking my hand, turning it and kissing the inside of my wrist. His warm lips resting on my skin made my heart do crazy things in my chest. We closed our eyes at the same time and we take mirroring long, deep breaths.  I dare not touch him, too overwhelmed by his simple touch. When we opened our eyes he gave me one of his seldom seen smiles before he turns us. Our hands were bound with a rope of plaited grass; my right to his left, my mom was given this honor.
“Now there will be no loneliness, for you will be each other’s constant companion, she said before kissing us both on each cheek and stepping back.
 Amara stepped forward, smiling and looking older and wiser than her eighteen years. She placed her hand on top of our bound ones.  
“There is but one life before you. May those days together be good and true.”Amara kissed each on us before backing away.
Next were the seven blessings. We walked around the circle to receive a blessing from each of the men who had come to bless the site. Each placed a beaded necklace long enough to “bind” us together. Once done, Lucius and I went back in the center of the circle and faced each other. We hadn’t written vows but decided to speak from the heart. There were no pre-written words that could join us. A true vow is only as strong as the person that gives it. Only we knew the depth of our love for each other. Lucius put his free hand over my heart and recited his vows.
“I am yours eternally. I hold my own life as little, but our love as all. I ask that you stay at my side in life and in death.”
Everyday our bond grew stronger; starting with that fateful day in the convenience store. Since his oath, we could feel each other’s emotions and they wrapped me in their warm embrace as he spoke his vows.  Before me stood a man who had spoken the utter truth. He was mine…in all ways. Everything he had to offer, he gave me willingly, even his life. Was it too much for me to offer the same? No. Never.
Placing my hand over Lucius’ heart I answered, “With deepest joy I receive you into my life so that we may live it as one. I give you my living and my dying.”
 Someone untied our hands and I bowed to Lucius. Not the simple act of a slight dip of my head, or even lowering to my knees. I lowered her body to the grown and leaned forward bringing my forehead to the ground and putting her hands in front of me. I would share all things with Lucius, spend eternity with him or die by his side. He would be my mate in all things. Lucius would be my King.



They were married and their love was being honored with a sweet salute as each guess put their hands over their hearts and blew kisses. Lucius looked down at his new bride and queen. If he was shocked by her actions, he didn’t show it but his expression was far from unreadable. Their love would give him the strength to take on all things that meant to do her harm. His mouth and jaw were set with determination, his stance and posture was a warning to anyone who dared. 
He had searched for her so long. It had been his purpose, then his promise. He looked down at her with the power of their vows still in the air around them. She was waiting for his acknowledgement and acceptance. No words were needed, a simply touch would suffice. With arms that felt like they were wrapped in lead, he reached out and gently placed his hand on the crown of her head, with his other hand he helped her to her feet. He pulled her in his arms and kissed her. 
The flowers bloomed around them; the grass began to grow beneath their feet, even the Great Tree stood taller; all things making itself its most beautiful in witness of such a great love. With this kiss Lucius gave Wila her full powers and Wila gave Lucius his wings. 
The soft golden light that grew around them started directly over Lucius’ head. There was no pain, just a feeling of being untied for Lucius as his wings were suddenly freed. His angelic strength and power flowed through him so strongly for a moment he thought he’d take flight. His wings were incandescent and the purest of white. He wrapped them around their joined body and rested his forehead on hers and held Wila tightly. Ordinarily, she would have braced herself, but she was stronger, she matched his strength.  He could feel it, the power that had lain dormant and the potential of it. He could feel her fear and hopes. When their lips met in their first kiss as man and wife their heat beat became one. 

“Hadraniel,” Sariel addressed his dear friend by the name assigned him in heaven.
“Brother,” Lucius said. 
A thousand years had passed since Lucius had allowed himself to think of himself as an angel. He hadn’t realized it until the single word passed his lips. Azriel had taken so much more from him than just his wings; his strength. The woman he belong to gave it back…and more.
He remembered how it’d felt to be an angel full of power. The strength he’d gain by binding himself to Wila was immeasurable. It was almost frightening. He went to his friend, still holding Wila’s hand, and hugged him in a one arm embrace. When he backed away from the hug, he saw Sariel’s throat working as he reined in his emotions. 
“My queen and king,” Sariel said, “Your army awaits your instructions.”  Sariel took a step to one side to reveal the guests he’d brought to the wedding.
The clap of thunder was loud enough that Lucius saw the majority of the wedding guest jump and a few cover their ears. With the arrival of the angels Lucius knew that a line had been drawn and it was time to pick sides. Those standing in the field beyond the great tree had chosen. The numbers were better than Lucius had ever hoped for. The sea of angels seemed endless. They moved as one and were silent as the grave, as they all kneeled. Their voices filled the night air as they swore their oaths. 
“I do render homage and fealty to the Queen, by right of arms from this day forward I shall serve her faithfully and will remain true in all ways.”
Lucius watched as Wila stepped away from him, towards the mass of his kneeling brethrens.  To his right Sariel had also knelt. Wila approached the first line of her new army and he watched with great pride as she touched the shoulder of an angel and felt the electric shock of the contact through the bond that they shared. He didn’t need to see her face to know she was crying. He could feel the joy and hope, the love and fear. They would fight until death for her. She knew it and it wasn’t sitting well with her.
“Then having sworn these solemn oaths, I accept your vow of shield and sword.”
Had he expected her voice to waver?  It came from the very heavens. He’d watched her; a girl that became a woman. He watched her as she became the celestial Queen Mother from the prophecy that the world had waited on for three thousand years.  He watched his wife stand before an army of angels and he knew fear like he’d never known it before. 
“Rise, my Knights of Light.” 
With these words their wings were revealed. It was a sight to behold. So beautiful, so strong, even Lucius’s breath caught in his throat. 



We’d walked to the new house given to us in silence, with the sky taking on the pre-dawn light that announced the arrival of a new day. The house was larger than the one we’d shared with my mom. The door unlocked and a surprised yelp escaped me as Lucius picked me up to carry me across the threshold of our new home. I was lost in a kiss as he carried me up the stairs to a bedroom that I vaguely remembered being covered in the soft glow of a lot of candles. The world disappeared in our first hours as man and wife.
Before I opened my eyes I knew he was there; standing next to the bed, looking down at me. I’m not sure how long I slept but I could hear the shower running in the bathroom. Lucius bent down and took me in his arms and walked to the bathroom. The room was steamy and Lucius headed straight for the shower big enough to accommodate us both.  To my surprise he walked right in and started washing my hair. With gentle of hands, Lucius soap my hair that had grown out to my waist.  My back was to him and I closed my eyes and enjoyed the feeling of his hands in my hair. He rinsed it before moving on to wash my body. There was nothing sexual in what was happening. Lucius didn’t speak and I didn’t interrupt as he preformed what felt like ritual, even with the intimacy of what he was doing. When he was finished he turned off the water and took a large towel and dried my hair and then my body. He led me to a door on the other side of the bed that was my closet. 
It was big enough to have a vanity. I sat down and he surprised me further by brushing my hair. I closed my eyes, reveled in his touch and surrendered completely to him and opened the bond between us. We didn’t know a lot about our bond but knew shielding was not something we did consciously.   It was part of the growing unknown when it came to me and my abilities. Finished with my hair, he turned me to face him before he knelt at my feet.  He took a bottle of oil from the vanity and rubbed it on my feet and legs before moving to my arms and hands. He stood up and pulled me to him. I was in the strong embrace of my husband who had so lovingly washed me. I hadn’t thought I could love him more but I did. 
“You have honored me in a way I never thought possible.”
In a voice I’m sure only the ears of an angel could have heard, I answered. “Until I am no more I will love you.”

Lucius came into the kitchen in that purposeful stride that I had grown to love and took me in his arms. I slid my arms around him and hugged him back. He released me, just enough to pick me up so that he could kiss me.
“Hey you” I said, when we were finally able to get ourselves under some kind of control.  He lowered me to the ground but didn’t let me out of his arms. 
“Making breakfast I see.” Eyeing the uncooked food on the counter, Lucius smiled at me."It’s more lunch time than breakfast and we need to go to Ruth’s.” 
 “What time is it?” I asked a little surprised that it was lunch time. I would have guessed brunch at the latest.  
“Two, my love” he answered while planting kissing in my hair and around my temples. 
“So late” I groaned. “It seems that we never have enough time.”
“We have an eternity.” 
He lifted my chin and kissed me gently on the corner of my mouth, and for reasons unknown, or maybe a slew of them that were, my eyes filled with tears. I loved him so very much and I just wanted our life together to start. Why was it so hard? Why couldn’t we just be together like any other couple? I realized how silly these thoughts were. We were anything but an average couple.
There was a knock on the door before it was thrown open by Sariel before either of us could open our mouths, let alone call out for him to come in. Amara was on his heels.  As soon as she saw me she ran to me. I had just enough time to untangle myself from Lucius, before she threw her body into mine. 
“Why are there so many people in my kitchen on what is the first office day of my honeymoon?” I asked, as I hugged my ever over-enthused sister.
“We’ve come to walk you to Ruth’s,” she answered backing away from me. She hugged Lucius before turning and spying the breakfast food I’d yet to start cooking. “I can help,” she offered and just like that, took over making breakfast for the four of us.
There were people out working in their yards, some just out. All curtsied or bowed as my sister and I passed. I knew this small quiet village as home and the people were still a little shell-shocked to have two Mother’s living within the small community. Small kids ran out to the road to give me flowers or to touch me. We walked down the small sidewalk talking to people. Lucius gently nudged me through our bond if I took too long at one fence or another, sometimes he would walk close and put a hand on my shoulder, or around my waist as he joined a conversation. My favorite was when he put his hand low on the back of my neck and rubbed his thumb from just behind my ear into my hair line or down the base of my neck depending on which hand he was using. 
There was a lot to go over at Ruth’s and it was important stuff or we wouldn’t have been on our way to her house on the morning after my wedding. Sariel showing up with an army of angels and then the oath they’d taken had set the board and the game had finally begun. Whatever the consequences of last night’s events they weren’t so bad that they needed immediate attention and I took the time to stop and connect with the people who had come together and made my wedding perfect. 



“Azriel is furious.”
Okay—not the best way to start the meeting. Learning that one of the first three angels ever created was not mad, but furious, was a little bit more than scary.
Sariel counted the list off on his fingers.  “Two Mothers found, Lucius bond with the Queen, her loyalty to him, and the defection of a substantial number of angels.”
“And you’re certain he knows all these things,” my mom asked, holding on to hope. I felt the dread building in the pit of my stomach.
“Not the circumstances of how the Mothers were found, but the other, yes, I am certain.” Sariel answered. “He looked for you, hoping to find you as a child, when your strength would have been at its weakest. You are an adult, with a beloved angel by your side. He is unsure of just how powerful you are.” Sariel went on, as he tried to make me see the silver lining. 
“I have no control over the powers I have. Last night I was scared to death.”  Lucius grabbed my hand and calm washed over me like a cool breeze.
Sariel turned his attention to Lucius.  “He fears Lucius as well, having been the greatest of Authorities and a trusted angel of the Almighty’s. He knew that banishing him from heaven did not make him a fallen. He had not wronged or broken any laws or ordinances. Azriel overstepped his boundaries.”
I was still not convinced, even with Sariel’s certainty. There was too much unknown: my powers and lack of control of them, those of Amara and my other sisters, if they even had any. I was deep in thought and realized that all conversation had stopped and everyone was looking at me. 
“I’m sorry what?” I asked, giving the meeting my full attention again.
 “With no way of knowing how your powers work you have the ability to destroy everything.”
“What do you mean everything,” I asked, knowing full well what he meant. 
“If you are as powerful as the prophecy proclaims you can destroy everything; the earth, its realms; the universe that holds it all.”
We all sat around and let the words sink in. It was Amara who broke the uncomfortable silence.
“Why would the Almighty do this? Give one person or any number of people the ability to destroy what he made.”
 “Earth and its universe was not the first created, nor the last. Once all is created the Almighty leaves, moving on to create the next universe. Only two angels are Its constant companions. The Almighty has returned only once to a universe after its creation—ours, to rid it of the nephilim children fathered by angels. The half human, half angel children were killed and their fathers bound in darkness until the rapture, to suffer until the end of this earth’s time. The prophecy of the Mothers did not exist until after this time, to guarantee that the Great Creator would not have to return.”
“Why?” I asked. 
Sariel speech was mindboggling. Worst in some way than the news of me having the ability to accidently destroy the universe. 
“The why was not shared with us,” Lucius said, taking my hand.  Outwardly I was doing my mom proud with my calm exterior, on the inside I was a wreck. There was no way I could keep my rattled emotions from my angel. 
“The Watchers rebelled, along with two of the three Seraphim. The Great Creator spared the world, all heavenly angels and fae, as they’d kept their promise to stay out of the affairs of humans.”
“So our world was given a second chance,” Amara said and stood up. “My sisters and I are to take over all the realms in this universe if something happened but whatever it is couldn’t have anything to do with Azriel. His plan was to find and destroy us after we were born. The fact that we were born at all says that something bigger is about to happen.”
“Yes,” Lucius and Sariel said together and then were silent. 
“But we don’t know what that is.” Sariel said. 

Chapter 10: Enid and Amala


The knock at the door made me groan. I grabbed my robe and followed close behind Lucius as he said something about duty calling. Sariel, Maalik and the menacing angel, Sam, stood on our porch.
We all walked to the formal dining room. The table seated twenty two people. I’d wondered who on earth would ever entertain that many at once. The house was huge and I had only been in the room once. 
Maalik was seven feet tall, I didn’t have to guess or estimate I’d measured him myself after I’d asked and he said he didn’t know. He was the tallest being I’d ever seen, human or angelic. He was slim like most people who had that kind of height but the ropes of veins that mapped his exposed forearms spoke of hidden strength for any human who didn’t know Maalik could bench press army tanks. Since the defection of the angels Maalik had become a semi-permanent fixture at our home, although he took turns in Amara’s security detail. He was still a little stiff to pass for human but he was acclimating to the surface quite nicely now that he didn’t have to return to heaven. 
If Maalik was stiff, Samiel was...resolute. His time on the surface hadn’t softened him any. The scar that ran the length of the side of his face had ruined his eye and he wore a patch. He was the only angel I’d seen with any imperfection and when I asked Lucius about it he said he didn’t know and he wasn’t going to ask. Enough said. Samiel was my mom’s permanent security lead, he’d asked. Who was going to say no? He wasn’t as tall as Maalik but he was big, bigger than my impressively bulked up husband. He was just…more. He rarely spoke but he had the respect of every angel, or maybe it was fear. 
“Maalik returned late last night with news of two twins, one deaf and one blind, that are attending a small college in the south,” Sariel said, as we took our seats.
“What makes you think its Enid and Amala,” I asked.
“I’ve watched them for two months and even for twins they are eerily the same. They move as if one is telling the other what to do but no words pass between them when they are alone. I am certain that they are the ones,” Maalik said.
“When are we going to make contact?” Lucius took my hand because he could feel my anxiousness.
First my heart fluttered and a feeling of complete panic took over me. Then the iciness of fear washed over my body to the point of being unbearable and actually shuddered in my seat. Our bond had grown exponentially. We’d been drawn to each other before, but now we shared our emotions and could communicate through it. Not actually speaking, more of an understanding or feeling. These were not my emotions. They were my husbands. These were the emotions that he felt at the thought of being away from me, for fear of my safety and at the thought of anything happening to me.  
“Lucius, I think you and I should be the one that make first contact with the Mothers,” Sariel said.
 “Sariel wouldn’t ask if he didn’t think it was important.” I said, still struggled against the assault of his emotions. 
“I would be happy to watch over the Queen Mother and act as her guardian while you are away Lucius,” Maalik offered, and I couldn’t help but smile. I liked the young angel.
“See, my love, we already have a volunteer.” 
I could see the wheels turning in his head. He would go because he knew I wanted him to, but it would not stop him from feeling anxious the whole time he was away from me. 
“She’ll five guardians at all times when she leaves the house. There are to be angels posted outside each window and door and around the perimeter of the house.”
Lucius’ request would have been comical except for two things; I have not seen an angel laugh and the look on my angel’s face. Lucius pulled me from my seat. We walked out of the room without saying good-bye but only made it as far as the hallway before Lucius turned and took me in his arms. His heart was beating too fast and I concentrated very hard on trying to get it so slow down. Lucius saw my struggle and I was released from the vise of his emotions as he calmed. 
“As long as you exist no one will hurt me,” I said in a low voice. 
 He put his nose in my hair and breathed deep. I pulled away from him. I kissed his cheeks, his eyelids, his nose and his forehead before kissing his lips. He looked only slightly less pained.
“If anything happens to you...” My angel could not finish the sentence.



The two women were definitely Enid and Amala and Lucius couldn’t believe their good fortune in the twins still being together. They were students at a small private college, one studying art and the other history. They were liked by their classmates and lived on campus sharing a dorm room. 
To say that they were close was an understatement. They’d pushed the two twin beds in their dorm together so that they could sleep together and when they went to the bathroom they would use the handicapped stall so that they both could fit. Maalik had been right on the eerie oneness that had going on as well. They both spoke to people while out but alone their mouths didn’t move even thought it was obvious they communicated.
They went to class, the cafeteria and sometimes the library. They did everything together. On Friday nights they would treat themselves to a night out. They were exceptionally good students both having received scholarships when they graduated from high school. Enid, the deaf twin, was an artist. Amala, was studying ancient history. Scout angels were sent to their address on file before coming to the school. As it turned out the twins were only with the elders for five years. Lucius guessed there had been no plan B discussed and the address was for a foster home.
As soon as Lucius saw them he knew. They favored Wila, he didn’t know how the others had missed it. But they didn’t approach them right away, instead they watched. Making certain that Azriel hadn’t found them as well. After a week of following them, tonight they would make contact with the twins on their regular end of the week dinner out. The girls left the dorm at their usual time. They had standing reservations at a small restaurant named Angelo’s.  
Sariel and Lucius decided that one angel would follow from the dorm and the other would be waiting at the restaurant. Lucius thought of the last time they were together in a similar circumstance. He wondered if that kid ever got his car back. They were smarter this time. When Lucius saw a cab followed by the Range Rover, he crossed the street and headed for the sidewalk where he would wait for Sariel’s turn at the valet.  As he passed the yellow cab he decided to open the door for the twins.  
“Well isn’t he quick.” Lucius heard Amala say.
“No sister it wasn’t the driver that opened the door but a very nice, and I must say, attractive young man.” Enid said to her sister.
“Good evening, ladies,” Lucius said and held his hand out to help Enid out of the car. 
“Thank you kind sir,” Enid said as she stepped out the cab. She turned to Amala who took her sister’s waiting arm. 
Lucius stepped back, clearing the way as the sisters stepped on the curb and walked into the restaurant leaving him waiting next to the valet station for Sariel. Sariel pulled in and got out of the car before the valet could get off of the curb.
The restaurant had a small podium in its front entrance. Each table had a small lamp that produced most of the lighting for the restaurant. Three walls of the restaurant were exposed red brick; the fourth was floor-to-ceiling windows. The restaurant was not filled to capacity, but busy. Sariel and Lucius were not shocked when they are taken to the twin’s table. They sat opposite the twins, who were sitting so close together that their shoulders touch. 
“Good evening gentlemen,” the twins said in perfect unison. 
“Ladies,” Sariel and Lucius said together.
Amala had taken off her dark glasses. Her eyes were tiny worlds. Enid sat, watching the two closely.
“We were about to go to Wila on our own.  We know that she was recently found and wed.”
Lucius body tightened. The feeling was indescribable and uncomfortable only because he knew it was tied to Wila. He knew she wasn’t hurt, or in danger because her emotions didn’t say she was. If he hadn’t been sitting across from a set of Guardian Mothers he would have called Wila. If the feeling changed or intensified he didn’t think the Almighty himself would be able to stop him. 
“Congratulations Lucius, I think you’ll be my favorite brother in law,” Amala said alone.
‘Your favorite…meaning there will be more,” Lucius said.
“Oh yes, Sariel will be the second by next year’s end.” Enid picked up where her sister left off. 
“We’ll talk later,” Sariel said barely moving his lips before Lucius had a chance to question him. Leaning forward he asked the twins, “You know who we are and more importantly who you are.”
“Oh yes Sariel, we’ve always known.”  Enid confirmed looking between the two of them.
“Enid and I were four years old when we were separated from our family.” Amala said.
“We were born with the sight and for as long as either of us can remember we have had visions.” Enid picked up.
“We told our mother that we would need to be separated if we were to live,” they said together. The spooky tag-teaming speech was unsettling. 
“Our parents, the elders that raised us, were very old when they took us. But their line lives a long time. Claire, our mother, took us to the village her sister lived in. It was cut off from the old ways. Five years passed when we saw that our lives were in danger. We had no time to wait for a second, better outcome.”
Lucius wondered if the twins could help with their hunt for the remaining missing twins.
“No,” they answered as if he had spoken out loud.
“You can hear my thoughts.” Lucius asked surprised.
“Of course we can.”
Sariel opened his mouth to comment and noticed Lucius was no longer sitting next to him. He knew if Lucius risked exposure by winking out of existence or moving faster than human eyes could register something was wrong…and with Wila. 
“Well, that was expected,” Enid said turning her head to look at Sariel. “Are you ready to order, I’m starved.” 

Chapter 11: A Crown of Spring Blossoms

The crown had taken the shape of spring blossoms.  I sat in my closet the better half of an hour willing the crown to change back to its regular thin ring. After that, I was willing to accept anything at all. I huffed in frustration and stood from the dressing table and decided if anyone asked I’d tell them the truth. I had no control of the blasted thing and leave it at that. 
Lucius had only been gone a week and Amara had spent the night three times so far. We would spend hours talking about our childhood. Telling every possible story we could remember.  We would fall asleep in each other’s arms and dream of our sisters, more often than not, waking with tear dampened faces the next morning. 
I’d tried several times to get Maalik to watch movies with me but he saw it as a dereliction of duty. Of course, he never came right out and said it, but I could almost feel the divide in him while he was sitting next to me. That was the problem with having two bosses that gave conflicting instructions. Lucius would have had conniptions if he caught Maalik sitting down on the job and I just wanted a friend to hang out with. Not that I took the threat of Azriel lightly, it was just that there were no fewer than forty angels surrounding the property, surely they’d be able to warn us.  Wouldn’t they?
I opened the door to the bedroom to find Maalik standing across the hall at attention. Funny how when you learn about guardian angels you think singular and here I was with a thousand at my beck and call. 
“Going to get a snack,” I said.
I walked passed him so he could walk behind me. I didn’t argue, I knew what battles to pick. He didn’t make a sound but I knew he was no more than one step directly behind me. I flipped the light switch in the hall that turned on the lights in the front room as well as those above the island in the kitchen. I looked at the clock on the microwave. It was only eight so I decided call Amara. We could watch a movie before calling it a night.  I picked up the phone to dial her number and there was no dial tone.

“Hello?” I said into the receiver and saw Maalik tense. He walked over and stood close behind me.
“Wila?” Amara said. “I didn’t even hear it ring on your end,” she said.
“That’s because I was about to call you. I’m sorry for being so needy but do you want to come over and watch a movie?” I asked, I didn’t add the spend the night part. 
“I was actually calling you to see if I could come over. A slumber party is just what I need.”
“I’ll meet you halfway,” I said already excited. Never mind I’d just seen her hours ago. Who cared, we were catching up on sixteen missing years.
“Perfect,” and with that Amara hung up the phone, no good-bye or see you in a second. I was still getting use to Amara’s phone manners.
I turned to Maalik knowing he’d overheard the entire conversation but keeping it as formal as possible, I asked that he inform the patrol that accompanied me whenever I left the house that I would be leaving in five minutes to meet my sister.

Five minutes later I was walking down the street surrounded by angels. All sides of me were protected from any sneak attack. Lucius was adamant. I gave him what he needed to feel confident that I was well protected while he was away. The only thing that made it tolerable was that I insisted all but Maalik remain invisible.  It didn’t take long for us to meet up with Amara and her detail. She was escorted by a young angel named Simone.  We hugged and Maalik moved to the front while Simone fell behind us. It appeared that we had two escorts, but the combine number or our protection was ten.
Amara filled me in on the happenings of her life since we’d last seen each other, which was six hours ago, and I reported that nothing had changed for me. I had always been odd man out from the other kids in school so finding Amara was a double blessing of sorts. We decided to watch a save-the-world-in-the-nick-of-time movie. It seemed appropriate. The movie was good but neither of us could get into it. We turned it off without our usual banter and headed up to bed. 
 We were both in melancholy moods. Amara put her head on my shoulder as I rubbed her hair. She hummed a melody that matched our moods. I missed Lucius. Sariel was with him, but in truth I worried about them both. I was not sure if, even together, they would be enough to keep each other safe.  
I could feel dampness through my gown but I didn’t comment on it. I knew Amara would not want me to; she was trying so hard to be strong for me, for the people in the village.  She was a guardian and she did not like to show weakness. Her normal, flippant and nonchalant disposition was a defense mechanism. I knew she was afraid of what could or would happen. What may, or may not be, on the way.  I was afraid too. I just had the good fortune of being raised by a woman that hid her feelings and therefore I did the same, although recently I was always a weepy mess. 
“I miss Sariel, I love him.”  Amara said out of nowhere catching me off guard by her declaration of love. I didn’t quite know what to say.
“Have you told Sariel how you feel?” 
“No, to be honest, I think he would think I’m too young.” 
“Well, the very first piece of advice I have for you is to tell him how you feel. You will only suffer more not knowing where you stand with him. He will either love you or he won’t, either way you will know and then we can figure out where to go from there. Let’s call him right now.” I teased my sister and made a move to get up off the bed. Amara grabbed me in a panic but realized I was just playing around and for once, it was me that changed the mood.

I suggested that we use the warm day wisely by going on a picnic. Winters could be brutal and after last night I figured both of us could use a little sunshine in our life. Amara called Mom trusting my meager culinary skills being able to pull off a couple of sandwiches. 
Even with Maalik, his customary, and probably instructed, one step behind me, we never bumped into each other. He walked behind me, offering help. I knew he’d more than likely overheard the conversation Amara and I had last night but he didn’t’ mention it and I didn’t either. If no one asked or told him to he wouldn’t give away her secret. Angels just weren’t gossips. 
Amara reported that we would walk to down to Mom’s and she would drive us to the Great Tree for our picnic. I’d been thinking of somewhere closer, the park maybe, but the Tree sounded perfect. After she stealthy inspected the sandwiches, which she deemed worthy since she didn’t remake them we loaded the basket up with chips, fruit and bottles of water before we set out.
I’d started to dress like Amara, and we matched in long flowing gowns, hers a deep burnt orange, mine an emerald green.  We shared the weight of the basket between the two of us after refusing help from Maalik and Simone. We approached Mom’s house just as she was stepping out of the front door. Holding the door was Samiel.
Samiel was one of those people whose presence made him bigger than he really was, or maybe everything around him smaller. He and mom were the same height which meant he was a full foot shorter than seven foot tall Maalik but I swear it didn’t seem that way unless the two were standing directly beside each other and even then there was more of Samiel. 
The dark angel was like a shadow behind my mother. I knew he was on our side but I don’t know if I could have helped myself from looking behind me if Samiel was my guard. I didn’t think he would hurt my mom or anyone else in our group, you just didn’t turn your back on someone that dangerous. If my mom was uncomfortable she didn’t show it. She came to us with a smile on her face and opened her arms halfway to us. I hugged her with the heat of Samiel on my arms, he was that close, before Amara took my place for hers. 
There was only room for four people in the Jeep and I thought there would be a disagreement –angels didn’t argue—about who would be the angel to ride with us but Samiel, in a voice that finality that promised pain if disobeyed, announced he would accompany us and neither Maalik nor Simone said a word. Amara and I climbed in back while mom took the driver’s seat, with her angel sitting shotgun.
The Great Tree was fast approaching my favorite spot to be. It was like greeting and old friend when we approached it. The leaves shivered as a gentle breeze blew through them and I was sure I saw some of the branches move. The tree should have blocked out the sun once we stepped into its shadow but there was a spot not too far in that was spotted with sunlight. Amara spread out the blanket in a patch of sunshine and I pulled out the food. 
The guardians formed a semi-circle around us, we were up to fifteen, and our moods were light as we enjoyed each other’s company.  When we were done eating, we all realized in the sun enjoying the rest of the day. My head rested in mom’s lap and Amara’s was on mine.  I was dozing lightly when I felt it. Mom was gently stroking my hair, pulled her hand away on when I jerked in her lap. 
Since our wedding our heartbeats not only matched but we each could feel the synchronized organs. Lucius’s heartbeat was a strong steady pulse was a soothing presence inside me. The quick fluttering that was banging away stopped my breath. I searched through our bond to find him. The cell phone, he insisted on me having, was not needed. He did call, and often, but our bond acted as if we were only a room apart instead of separated by several thousand miles. I jumped up, dumping Amara from my lap.  I was becoming frantic trying to connect with him, despair rising in me like a tide coming in. The sky grayed and there was thunder and lightning. The guardian angels, mom and Amara were looking at me with anxious and concerned stares.  
The heartbeat was stronger now and faster and I willed myself to calm down so I could concentrate on finding Lucius. I smiled when I realized what was going on. I placed my hands on her stomach. I laughed and looked down at the concerned faces of my mother and sister. 
“I can feel the baby’s heartbeat,” I said. 
The sky cleared but the glow of my skin was brighter. I knew Lucius was on his way, I could feel his approach. I separated the now trio of beats inside me and focused only on the strongest of the three but I couldn’t calm Lucius’s heart.
“Lucius will be back soon and I want to be at home when he gets there He felt the baby’s heartbeat too but he is not calming himself enough for me to let him know what’s going on.” I said grabbing plates and throwing them in the basket. 
“Wila Ife Freeland. How long have you kept this secret?”  Mom asked, as she scrambled to pick up the remains of our picnic. 
“About thirty seconds, and we can talk more in the Jeep, Lucius is going to be here shortly and I’m afraid of what he might do if he reaches the house and I’m not there.”
Amara jumped up and down, clapping her hands. “I knew it when I saw that silly crown.” 
Amara grabbed the basket and Ruth took up the blanket, balling it up in her arms as we walked hastily to the Jeep, where we threw it all in the back without a second glance. My mother climbed behind the wheel and peeled out, leaving a cloud of dust in our wake.  
She drove fast and hard back to the house. She knew that Lucius was uncompromising when it came to my safety and he would do anything to get to me. Amara and I sat quietly so she could concentrate on driving. I was a nervous wreck thinking what state Lucius would be in if he beat me to the house. I couldn’t take my hands from my stomach or the ridiculous smile from my lips. I felt as if my face would split in two. Mom pulled up in record time and I leaned over to hug her before getting out of the car as quick as I could. 
“We’ll be over later tonight.”  I’m out of the car before she or Amara could say anything.
 I could feel Lucius presence stronger now, he was really moving. I stood just in the kitchen doorway so he wouldn’t knock me down. I just hoped he stopped long enough to open the door.  With that thought I quickly opened the door. 
Wait, what if he thought it’s odd that the front door was open? With visions of him coming through the roof, I decided to wait outside. It’s safer for the house.  I stood right in the doorway so he was sure to see me. Seconds later I was in his arms.  



 Lucius knew the most powerful among them, the Seraphim, only had to think of a place and their bodies were carried to it. Every second it took to reach Wila he’d prayed for the ability. When he saw her standing in the doorway…relief didn’t begin to cover the feelings that all but dropped him from the sky. It wasn’t big enough.  
One minute he was landing the next they were inside the folds of his wings. Like so much about angels nothing man made could penetrate his wings. There was no safer place. Breathing fast, his whole body shaking, he held her tight to his body. The fill of her body reassuring him she was safe in his arms. 
“I was so scared. Our hearts have been one since we married, what happened?” He put his noise in her hair, breathed in the comforting smell of her, it helped calm him. He ran his hands up and down her back. 
Wila laid one hand on his chest the other she took his and placed on her stomach. “Our baby,” she whispered. 
Slowly Lucius opened his wings and pulled Wila in the house, closing the door. He made his way to the couch, maneuvered Wila to the front of it and helped her sit down, all without taking his hand from her stomach. He looked at it in wonderment.
“Where were you?” She asked, stroking his hair trying to take the last of his panic away. 
“Small town in Alabama,” he said in a low voice finally peeling his eyes away from her midsection and looking at his beautiful wife.
“It only took you ten minutes to get here,” she said, smiling down at him. 
“Nine minutes and fifty nine seconds too long.” Lucius had been working on his angel’s demeanor and he was rewarded with a smile.
I was so sure something had happened to you. Something bad enough to…”
She cut the words off with a kiss. “You’re upsetting the baby. Do you feel her?”
Lucius hand still rested on Wila’s stomach and the fluttering beat that had set his flight home in motion was  irregular but still strong. 
“Yes,” he said, still speaking in a low voice, he didn’t have the breath to speak any louder. “Wila, why didn’t you tell me before I left?”
 “I didn’t know before you left. I only just thought it could be yesterday when the silly crown turned into a wreath of flowers.”
Lucius laid his head on her stomach and closed his eyes. 
“I’m sorry you worried, I promise if I had known I would have called you yesterday,” she whispered while she rubbed his hair.
“I never imagined in any world, in any lifetime that I could be deserving of you or your love. You are my reason for existing.”
“It’s the same for me.
It had been difficult for him to leave her before. There were enough angels to offer her protection. There hadn’t been a real threat on her life, or on Amara’s, but with the defection they no longer had any way of knowing what was going on in heaven.  
“I know,” Wila said, reading his mind.
He would not leave her again. The thought of it made his chest tight and the place on his shoulders where his wings were itch. He trusted every angel on their side to give their life for her and their unborn but there were something’s that a man…a angel had to do for himself and protecting his family was one of them.



I stood in front of the mirror in my closet closely inspecting her midsection. I knew it too soon to show but I was so excited. I couldn’t keep my hands from my belly and the constant beat of the baby’s heart was the sweetest kind of torture. In seven months I slipped the dress over my head and heard squeals of delight from the front of the house—Amara. Amara stopped short before throwing herself into my arms.
“I am not a fragile flower about to be crushed by either of you. I’m just pregnant,” I said in mock frustration. I smiled at my sister and opened my arms.
We stood there in the hallway holding each other. We were still standing there when I saw Mom come in the front door. I reached for her.  She dropped her handbag on the floor and rushed to me. Amara tried to step away, to give her space, but I held on to her tight. I loved these two people so much.  I could not imagine going through life without either of them. My heart was full. My mom took my elbow and led me to the kitchen. I rolled her eyes at Lucius. Really, this was going to have to stop. I was like five second pregnant and everyone was treating me like I was about to go into labor any minute.  
“Good morning, all,” Sarah said in her regular sing-songy voice. 
She came to cook for us. We had long since given up trying to get her to stop. Sarah was preoccupied with removing her coat and hanging it on the coat tree next to the front door. She didn’t see Amara and Mom until she’d turned to walk into the kitchen.  
“Oh my, we have guests. I love guests. I hope you’re all hungry. Today is the first official pancake Tuesday.” Sara pulled her apron from the peg on the wall next to the phone. She was tying it behind her when Lucius offered to help her with it. 
“Sarah, Wila is with child.” I looked at Lucius. My mouth hung open. We had not discussed telling anyone. 
She was the first person not to treat me like an eggshell. Her hug was strong and rough and welcomed.
“Queen Mother, I am very happy for you and King Lucius.” She took Lucius in a bear hug he could not help but return. She was the older version of Amara; I think that’s why we all liked her so much. 
“Sarah, please. Call us Wila and Lucius.” 
 She insisted on addressing us with formal titles. This fight we continued to have. 
Sarah straightened, looked my husband straight in the eye and said, “I most certainly will not.” She went to the cupboards and started taking out ingredients for our first official pancake Tuesday. 
“How do you feel?” Mom asked.
“I feel great, I’m sorry that we didn’t come over last night but Lucius was in such a state when he got back.” I looked over at him. 
“Of course he was,” my traitorous mother said, and patted Lucius hand that was still holding mine.
“She’s so lucky to have someone so devoted to her,” Amara’s joined.
“We should all be so lucky,” Sarah put her two cent in.
I sat, opened mouthed and looked around the room—four against one. The odds were not stacked in my favor. 
“Okay. You all win.  From now on I will let you wait on me hand and foot. I will let you all dote and smother me with all the love and over protectiveness you can muster.” I thought that my little speech would help them see how ridiculous they were all being, but all I saw was four faces full of relief. 
“At last,” Lucius said. 
I felt through our bond a feeling of calm I had never experienced before.  I’d been joking, but to feel such peace in him was enough to make me know I’d have to try. He leaned over and kissed my cheek.
“I’ll give you some time with Ruth and Amara.”  I knew he wasn’t going far. Yesterday was too much for him. I counted myself lucky that he was willing to let me out of his sight.
I put my hand on his forearm to stop him. “Will you go and speak with Maalik please, I think he’s worried and I forgot to ask you to go to him last night.”
“Of course, ladies, if you would excuse me.”
I watched him walk off, strength radiating from him like a physical thing. He stared at me endlessly, I always felt like I gawked when I looked at him for longer than a few seconds.
“Tell us everything. When did the crown of flowers show up? Did you know as soon as you saw them? What did Lucius say when you told him?” Amara was so excited she squirmed in her seat.
“The crown changed as I was getting dressed for bed.”
“And did you know what it meant,” my mom asked.
“No, not at first, it was confusing. It hadn’t changed since I knighted the angels.
Lucius told me that the crown changed to a large spike crown on the night of our wedding. The night Sariel showed up the defectors, our army. By the time we’d made our way back to the house it was a slim band of gold again. It was the default shape for the crown. I was glad. I didn’t know how I’d feel if it’s regular shape was too big. Not that it mattered since it didn’t come off.
“When did you guess?” Amara asked, and I noticed Sarah listening from her place at the counter.
“Come join us Sarah.” I said, motioning for her to come and sit next to me. She didn’t argue.
“Well, let’s see. I don’t think it was too long, because I spent about thirty minutes trying to get it to change into something else.”
“Why?” Sarah didn’t miss her turn at asking a question.
“Well, I wanted Lucius to be the first to know, and I knew that someone would ask about the crown when they saw it.”  
“That’s sweet,” my mom said. “
Amara rubbed my mom’s arm. She’s always so attentive. My mom had an angel’s reserve. She almost never let her feelings show. I was being taken from her a little at a time. I was grateful for Amara. They’d kind of adopted each other and Amara was just as much a daughter to mom now.
“So tell us what Lucius was like when he got back,” Amara asked.
“Well, I came in and stood in the kitchen doorway because I didn’t know if he would knock me down coming in the house.”
“Smart girl,” Sarah said nodding in agreement. She knew how Lucius was.
“But then I worried that he would break the door down, so I opened it for him”
“That was really taking a chance. I would have thought something had happened if I saw the door standing wide open in the middle of the day,” mom said.
“I would have come straight through the roof,” I’d felt him return and we all turned to look at Lucius. Standing next to him was Maalik and a couple of other angles that were on Amara’s and mom’s protection detail. 
“I know my love, which is why I decided to stand in the door. So that you could see that I was okay, and not ruin our lovely home.”
 Sarah moved out of the seat and Lucius took the five steps to get to me as if he had not seen me in an eternity. 
“I couldn’t get back to you quick enough. I will never leave you again.”
“I would have it no other way.”
Lucius didn’t sit he stood above me, staring at me with a gaze that promised safety and love everlasting. I knew my expression mirrored his. 
“You were right, Maalik was very worried, but not about me or my wrath, but only for you and your safety,” my husband stared at Maalik, who had not entered the kitchen, but stood in the hallway with the rest of the angels. They’d all taken a step back from him. I was a little worried and I planned on defending him if I needed to. He had been an excellent guardian to me.
“Wila, I’d like for you to see something.” Maalik came into the kitchen and stood next to Lucius. 
Maalik wasn’t as old as Lucius, he had been created after but still he was timeless, millions of years older than me, but I felt like he was a younger brother. I don’t know how to explain it, it just was. He walked in the room, making the room seem smaller with all his height. Maalik slowly unfurled his wings. They were not the wings he had yesterday. 
Every pair of angel wings I’d seen had been beautiful, but yesterday his wings had been smaller. The tops stopped at the top of his head and the bottoms, just behind his knees, their color a soft bluish grey.   They were not the same wings. They were as impressive as Lucius. He rolled his shoulders as if he was still getting use to them. They were bright and pure white, with a tint of pale blue. The tips of his wings brushed the tile floor and the tops brushed the ceiling. It was amazing for something to look so soft and delicate but at the same time so strong. 
“Only the most dutiful of angels are honored with these wings.  These are the wings of a Warrior Angel.”
“What happened?” I asked.
“I worried that I was not strong enough to keep you safe and hoped only strength enough to fight until Lucius could make it back to you.” His voice was low but he looked in my eyes as he gave the answer.
 My sweet Maalik was ready to fight to the death—for me.

Mom and Amara convinced Sarah to let them help cook breakfast. We’d invited the angels to join which made our head count twenty.  The dining room was too formal and the kitchen area too small, so we decided to set up the food buffet style outside. 
“I’m glad everything was okay.” Maalik took a stack of plates that I was carrying. 
The humans weren’t the only ones fascinated by the large white wings Maalik now sported. As it turned out, no angel had gotten new wings since the destruction of the fall. That had been over three thousand years ago.  
“The first half of my existence I hunted you and the second half I pretended. No one really knows Azriel’s plans. But I think he’s very dangerous. We may all be underestimating him.” Maalik’s brutal honestly was refreshing—terrifying, but appreciated. 
“You’re very strong. I saw that the day of your wedding and again yesterday, but so is Azriel.”
I stopped Maalik by placing my hand on his shoulder.
“Maalik, my whole life has been dictated by this one angel. Not one second more will I give him of my life, including this one. Yesterday I realized I’m pregnant .” The angel’s eyes widened and he looked at my stomach. “My child will not enter a world where I have to hide her.”
“My love I didn’t know we were telling everyone,” Lucius joined us and placed a protective arm around my waist. I gave him the evil eye. Had he not told Sarah? 
“Maalik isn’t everyone he’s my guardian, and the guardian of our unborn daughter.”  
“True. I suppose it’s only fair that he knows what’s at stake and what he protects.” Lucius said looking at Maalik.
The expression was what I called angel blank. It had the ability to look both menacing and neutral. It wasn’t a good look. Since his return home yesterday Lucius emotions were off the chart. I didn’t need him to say with words that his over protectiveness had grown. I could feel it covering my body like a warm embrace. 
“I trust Maalik with our life,” I said. My eyes never leave Maalik’s. 
I wanted him to understand that we were one but I trusted Maalik to protect me. He had proven himself. His new wings were testament to this. 
A feeling of doubt washed over me and I felt Lucius’s hold tighten around my waist. His wings came out and so did Maalik’s. They both looked at me. I smiled.
“Welcome Maalik, you now share our bond.”

Chapter 12: Sveva


“It sounds like major renovations going on out there,” I said opening my eyes to what sounded like an army of people running around my house. 
Amara had come up with the idea of having a party, a celebration of all the good things, to balance all the bad. Also, it put to good use the endless string of nice days we were having. No one argued with her, we all needed something to take the edge off. Besides, Sariel and the twins were scheduled to show up and what better reason to celebrate. I didn’t know about Amara but I was nervous and excited about meeting our older sisters. Lucius had explained that they could be…intense.  That’s how he said it, with a pause at the end. Thoughts of Samiel filled my mind’s eye; he was the most intense person I knew. Either way, they were my sisters and I was ready for our family to grow by two.
“They started showing up three hours ago,” Lucius said.
I looked at the clock, it was a little after nine in the morning. “You’re kidding. How could I have possibly slept through the noise since six?”
“No…I threatened to throw everyone out if I heard a peep before eight.”
I had no idea what on earth needed to be done that early, but I was curious on how they had pulled it off without making sound. I swung my legs over the side of the bed, ready to go inspect Amara’s handy work, or at least her instructions.
“Amara asked that we come to Ruth’s after you woke.”
Lucius kissed me before getting off the bed. He went to the bathroom to turn on the shower. Dressed in one of the beautiful gowns I’d adopted wearing since I’d arrived, I went downstairs and saw that Amara had gone all out; caterers, florist, there was even instruments laying around. No detailed had been overlooked. Large arrangements seemed to cover every surface. There were enough people in the kitchen that it was obvious they’d worked together before or they’d be bumping into each other. The house already smelled of wonderfully delicious food and my mouth watered as I watch a loaf of bread being taken from the oven. Didn’t bread take all day to make? 
Lucius was holding out a light jacket for me while I plotted on how to get to the fresh baked bread. No one would have stopped me but I walked over to my waiting angel and put my arms in the jacket and followed Amara’s instructions.
I was shocked when Samiel opened my mother’s door. He was the lead on her protection detail but he’d never answered the door before. He nodded and stepped out of the doorway. Amara, Sarah and Mom were the scaled down version of what was going on in my house. 
“Breakfast’s in the formal dining room,” Sarah called out without looking up from the board she was chopping on.
Mom looked up only after Sarah addressed us. She and Amara hadn’t heard us come in or were too busy to care who it was. They both wiped their hands on their aprons after looking up. They took turns kissing both my cheeks, the unanimously voted and universal new greeting for me, as I was now too delicate to hug. I still had to stop myself from rolling my eyes.
“Go eat, we’ll join you in a minute,” My mom instructed. It was food; she didn’t have to tell me twice. Sam escorted us to the dining room. I was seated and eating by the time they joined us.
“Amara, if this morning’s preparations are any indication to tonight’s event, I think it will be a spectacular party,” Lucius said.
“Thanks, I certainly hope so.  It’s been so much fun planning.”
I put my fork down. I looked at Amara, then mom and finally at Sam. He stood behind her chair with his hand on the back of it. I couldn’t see it but if it matched the rest of his body I imagined the wood was about to splinter. Every muscle in Sam’s body looked bow tight. He wasn’t looking at us; he was looking at the top of my mother’s head. Even with half his face exposed I could see the scowl. 
“What’s going on?” I asked, but really though –What now?
“We have a request,” the dark angel said. 
Samiel voice was low, not soft or quiet—low. He didn’t whisper the words. His voice was deep and velvety. It would have been a great singing voice. 
“Ruth and I would like to marry.” Sam was looking at Lucius. 
I went to my mom. She stood so I could give her a congratulatory hug. She had been alone for so long. It had taken Emily to make me see it. She’d become my guardian the day after her nineteenth birthday. Had never married or dated. I couldn’t wait to find out just how the relationship started.
“This is wonderful,” I said, releasing her, and my happiness changed to concern and confusion when I saw the look on her face. The same look was mirrored on everyone’s face. “What am I missing here?”
“Angels are forbidden to marry human women,” Amara answered.
Flabbergasted, I looked at each of them. I waited for someone to tell me that it was some sort of sick joke.
“There is a way,” Sam said.
“No.” 
My mother’s adamant refusal of Samiel’s unheard solution confused me further. Sam touched her shoulder to comfort her before kneeling next to her chair. 
“Ruth, it is my decision to make.”
I looked around feeling like an outsider. What was Sam talking about and why did Maalik have a look of complete disbelief and awe on his face. I looked at my angel for an explanation but he looked pained. I was about to ask what the hell was going on, when Lucius raised his hand and saluted their love. Maalik and Amara followed suit. Whatever was going on was enough to pay homage to. 
Still the odd man out, I asked again, “Will someone please explain to me what is going on.”
“Queen Mother, I would like you to take my wings so that I may be allowed to marry Ruth.”
What?...Wait…No!” 
The love deserved tribute. Sam was willing to sacrifice his wings, his place as a heavenly angel, so he could marry my mother. I thought my heart would break. Sadness swept through me with a force that left me light headed, dizzy and short of breath. Lucius was at my side in seconds and took me in his arms. Maalik, bless his heart, looked sick, having felt my despair through the bond that he now shared. I felt sorry for him and wanted to apologize but I couldn’t speak. He stood brought me a chair so I could sit next to my mother.
“There must be another way,” I finally said. 
“It is forbidden. It was the reason for the return,” Lucius said softly, as if whispering the words would make it better.  It didn’t.
“No.”
I turned to the sound of my mother’s voice. I knew the tone and the look. She had made up her mind and nothing was going to change it. I felt sorry for Sam on a whole other level. For my mom too. I was seconds away from tears. My mom turned to me. She pleaded with her eyes for my help. I didn’t know if I could offer her aid. I was holding it together with Lucius emotional help. 
“Not too long ago you made the first declaration as Queen as far as I’m concerned. You refused to be separated from your true love, even if it meant defying me. I know I am nothing—”
“Don’t ever say that,” Amara and I said together.
How could she say such a thing? Or even think it? She was everything to me and had become that for Amara. She stopped further interruptions by raising her hand.
“I know that I am nothing but a human woman, asked and honored to have kept you safe but I see the sadness you and Amara feel for us; Emily, Fredrick and I. It lingers behind your eyes and haunts your very soul.  You see it only as a sacrifice but it was out of love that we did it, the love that only parents can have for their children. You two understand how that feels now.” She looked at Lucius and me and we could only nod. 
“Even having said this, I know that your heart is still heavy. I cannot ask Samiel to give up his wings. Even in love. The sacrifice is too great.” Her voice was firm. 
I don’t know how I missed it but the obvious was a beacon in front of me. Samiel and my mom were perfectly matched. Both strong and determine to a point that they were unmovable. I didn’t know Samiel well, he hardly ever spoke and people generally steered clear of him, but as I looked at him, his face told me my mom had met her match. Sam moved quickly. I didn’t see him rise at all. One second he was kneeling at my mom’s side, the next, towering over her. 
“So help me Ruth, I will rip them from my body myself!”
His voice was a boom that filled the room like thunder. The sound of a thousand birds taking flight filled the room. My hair blew back from my face as a strong gust of wind passed me. Samiel wings were larger than Lucius’s, whose wings were the largest I’d ever seen. We all stared, in horror, at the thought of them being torn from him. They didn’t lay flat against his body, or even stand out behind or beside him. They were spread out, filling the room. His face held the look I’d seen no less than a couple of thousand times on the face of the angel standing next to me. I raised my hand to yell for him to stop when a voice came from behind me.
“That won’t be necessary Angel.”
We all turned in the direction of the voice or voices; I wasn’t too sure. In the doorway was a pair of identical twins. Sariel was standing slightly behind them. We all stood at once. Amara and I look at each other and then slowly made our way to our sisters.  
Amara stopped in front of Enid and I went to Amala. Amala was the first to move forward; she reached out and touched my face, running her hand and fingers along my face. She tilted her head a little, “Wila.” It was a statement that needed no answer. She turned slightly and Amara stepped forward allowing her to do the same. “Amara.”
“And where is Sveva?” Enid asked.  
Amara and I look at each other wondering who would be the one to tell them that Amara had been separated from her twin. 
“We don’t know,” I said. 
“She’s in the house, call to her,” they instructed us. Before I have a chance to speak, Amala said, “There she is.” We all looked in the direction but the only people behind her are Sariel and Sarah.
Sarah changed before our eyes. She was no longer the old woman we had come to know and love but a girl the same age as Amara. Amara passed between Enid and Amala going to her mate. Neither of them cried, as Amara and I had when we first met. They looked much like Amala had moments before, discovering each other through touch. Amara ran her hand down her twin’s hair while Sveva touched her twin’s face.

We all sat at the dining table, Lucius at its head with the oldest twins on his left and me on his right. As pleased as we were to have Enid and Amala, it was Sveva’s sudden appearance that had us all stunned. She had been with us the whole time. 
“Why didn’t you say anything,” Amara asked.
“I didn’t know. When Enid and Amala came passed the kitchen, I knew them instantly. I didn’t know why until Amala called my name.  And then I saw you and I remembered everything.”
“Your concern is that your union will bring a nephilim child into the world and therefore cast you among the fallen.” The twins said together.
“Ruth can still bear children.” Samiel said, neither confirming nor denying the statement. 
Sam’s words shocked me and I looked at my mother with wide eyes and my mouth open. I thought this was about them getting married no one had said anything about children. My mom was only thirty six, still within child bearing age for certain. I would have smiled at the thought of a brother or sister but worry was still stamped across Mom’s face. It made my heart break. After all this time, she’d finally found someone and now this. It was almost too much.  Stupid Watcher angels. 
“Wila, you are going to have to make far more difficult decision than this and while it saddens us to think that true love would be denied any creature, you must rise above your human emotions.” 
I could feel Lucius’ anger building. I looked at him and took his hand. They were right. It was good that they reminded me that I couldn’t be an emotional wreck every time something happened. 
“I won’t hold that against you. You are still my favorite,” Amala said to Lucius. I’m confused by the statement but Mom spoke before I could question it.  
“This is new to her. She was not raised to know her place in this world.”
Completely ignoring my mother, they continued with their explanation of why Samiel and she could marry. “There is no punishment for unions that are created in love.”
“What?” Samiel, Lucius and Sariel all said together and all three leaned forward at the same time.
“True love was revered on that day, and from that love came absolution; for the angels whose unions were of love and for their children.”
“Impossible.” Samiel looked between Amala and Enid. “I saw the water rise to cleanse the earth.”
“You saw only what you were meant to see and nothing more.” Enid and Amala said together. 

Our party had now changed to an impromptu wedding. We had four hours to get everything in place. 
“Man you Freeland women sure do marry quick,” Amara said, as we went through her closet looking for a black dress.
We were in an extra bedroom, the one she had taken over when it was the house assigned to Lucius. It seemed as if we’d been flipping through the hundreds of dresses that Amara had in her “closet” for the last hour. Amara had given last minute instructions to some of the women that were helping with the original party. They were now at the great tree making the necessary changes to accommodate a wedding. 
“Found it!” Sveva yelled from the very back of the converted bedroom.
“Thank goodness. Who needs so many clothes,” I said, collapsing on an ottoman that was in the center of the room.
“Hey, you should be happy, where else was she going to get a gown for a wedding on such short notice,” Amara said in mocked offense.
Sveva brought the dress out that she’d found in the actual closet of the room. It was a one shouldered. The skirt of the dress was made up of layer upon layer of delicate ruffles. We all kissed each other goodbye. Mom was stopping next door to get a few of her things before getting ready at my house. Lucius, Samiel and Sariel were standing in front of Mom’s house. Samiel broke from the pack and came to her in the same determined stride Lucius did when he’s been away from me more than two seconds. He took her hand and brought it to his lips. She placed her free hand on his face. I quickly went to Lucius and Sariel feeling like an intruder on such an intimate moment. 
“It’s good to see him this happy,” Sariel said. 
“It certainly is,” Lucius said.
The words of the angels made me turn. The gentle touches Sam gave my mom, how she looked at him with complete adoration. I knew how everyone must have felt when Lucius and I were together. I’d not been on the outside, it was wonderful and I did make me want to love more for it. We left Sariel and Sam. Lucius and Maalik escorted us home and Lucius left us to get dressed in a spare room. It was the first time I’d been alone with my mom since Sam’s announcement.
  We looked at each other for a moment not really knowing where to start. Our relationship had changed and for some reason I felt like we were saying good-bye.
“The night we left our families there was another decision that I had to make; whether to raise you as my sister or my daughter. It took me days before I decided.” 
I didn’t speak, I don’t think I could, she was letting me go as her daughter and I didn’t know how I felt about it.
“In the end I think I choose to be your mother out of selfishness.”
 I went to speak but she silenced me by putting a finger to my lips.
“I was selfish. I didn’t dare trust anyone for fear of them bringing you harm. But how long would it be before you were safe?  How long before I would have to say good-bye?” She rubbed my hair and laid her hand on my cheek for a moment before continuing. “I couldn’t fail my parents or the world; but most importantly, I could not fail your mother, who made the greatest sacrifice of all. If she could bear to live her life, even for a moment, never knowing if she would be reunited with her children, then I owed it to her to live mine making sure her sacrifice was not in vain.”
I cried for Ruth, even with the words of Enid and Amala in my head. But these were not tears of weakness. I loved this woman and owed her the moment and the tears of gratefulness and reverence. 
Ruth allowed me to speak, “I am honored to have been able to call you my mother. Thank you Ruth for everything you’ve done for me. There is no one more deserving of the love that Samiel has for you.”

The wedding went off without a hitch. Thank goodness. There were no surprise announcements or excitement other than the joining of two extraordinary souls that left us all in awe. Emily had scheduled a trip and was pleasantly surprised to find herself at a wedding.  Amala and Sveva were inseparable. They wore matching gowns in different colors. They were fraternal twins but they moved like one being. They finished each other’s sentences and talked together, or over each other, in their excitement. Both had the same extravagant and animated hand gestures. 
But it was Samiel and Ruth that stole the show. They received their guests standing side by side, with Samiel’s hand always placed on Ruth’s back. The smile of pure happiness never left her lips and Samiel’s expression, slightly less stoic, was proof of his happiness. 
“What is it with that look?” I wondered aloud. I was in my angel’s arms, enjoying the mood of the crowd.
“What do you mean my love?” he whispered. 
“You and Sariel said it was good to see Sam this happy, but how would you know?” I turned to face Lucius and wrapped my arms around his waist. “He looks the same to me. You’re only slightly better. Why is it that he doesn’t laugh or smile.”
“I’ve known happiness longer than Samiel. Give him time.” Lucius answered before giving me a quick peck on the tip of my nose.
“But he looks older than you?”
Guessing and angel’s age was like trying to figure out if it really only took God three days to create the world. Was it literal or does time work differently. I knew angels were not all created at the same time but Samiel wasn’t “young” looking like Lucius, he was actually the oldest looking angel in our group. Lucius laughed lightly and our daughter’s heart fluttered. She liked the sound of her father’s laughter as much as I did.  We both put our hands on my belly. 
“That’s not what I mean. We were all created for a purpose. We were not meant to love. I’ve known happiness longer because I’ve been in love longer.”
“That’s the sweetest thing I’ve ever heard.” 
“And dangerous.” 
Amala and Enid spoke from behind me in the spooky way that only they did. I felt Lucius’ arms tightened around me. I didn’t comment as I turned to face my sisters. 
“Dangerous?”
“Powerful love can be a dangerous thing.”
I didn’t say anything and neither did Lucius. The twins were obviously finished on the topic because they didn’t continue. Enid and Amala shared the same expression as the rest of the angels. They would fit right in when they were in heaven.
“Yes, I suppose it is.” I finally said and hugged Lucius closer to me. I really didn’t want to know what it meant, even if it did feel like some type of warning. I wanted the day for Ruth to be perfect, and my memory of it the same. I would let Enid and Amala keep the meaning of their cryptic comment. I was happy and content and wanted to stay that way for the rest of the evening.
“Very well, Queen Mother,” they acknowledged my unspoken wish.

Chapter 13: The Reunion


The day after Ruth and Samiel’s wedding found our ever growing group sitting at my dining room table. Not too long ago I wondered who would or could have so many people at one time. Our group had grown and now almost all the chairs were taken. Who knew?
The reunion under better circumstances would have been a time for celebration, but that ended the moment we’d left the reception. No breakfast was offered, no polite conversation broke the tense silence of the room. We all sat and waited for the set of identical twins to start.
“Azriel knows that you have found us. He increased his efforts to find the last.” 
I appreciated their candor but the news was a bit like a band-aid being ripped off a sore not quite healed. 
“How?” Sariel asked. 
“What is important is that he will find Oneta and Alma first,” they said.
“Can’t you tell us where they are?” Lucius asked.
“No.”
Everyone looked at me as if I could force the twins to tell us the location of the last set of lost twins. I put my head down in concentration. Enid and Amala had explained their “sight” to us. The future changed all the time. A vision seen today may not happen tomorrow. They could and did try to see it, but they did not always get an answer. Their sight seemed like both a blessing and a curse to me.
“Who sides with Azriel,” I asked.
“The Winter Queen will promise him aid.”
“And the Summer Queen,” I asked.
“That is yet to be seen.”
“How long do we have,” Samiel asked.
“Spring.”
We sat; processing the information we’d just been given. Spring. I would be large with child by then. My hand went to my stomach. Lucius rubbed the back of my neck. I felt like time was moving too fast, slipping through my fingers like sand. I looked around the table at all the people, at my family; from those who had been chosen, to the ones that had just joined us. Each person’s expression was different, but the same thought was on everyone’s mind. It weighed on all our hearts. So little time. Little time for me to enjoy the wonders of creating new life, little time for Ruth to experience the joys of being someone’s wife, little time for us to find the others.
“Do you know where Fredrick is?” I asked. 
“He comes now.”
Emily jumped from her chair as the rest of us turned to look at the entrance of the dining room. We heard the front door open and footsteps coming down the hall. A man of about thirty rounded the corner. His eyes went straight to Emily. Tall and well muscled under his tunic top and drawstring pants, his hair dark blond hair was long and loose, the curls hung around his ice blue eyes. Emily walked slowly to her mate as he held his hand out. She took it and he drew her into his arms, giving her a passionate kiss. Amala and Sveva giggled like two school girls while the rest of us looked away. Fredrick released Emily, who stayed in his arms. She pushed his hair back from his forehead and touched his face. He took her hand kissed it once before taking it and walking over to Amara and Sveva. He let go to take them both into his arms. 
“It’s so good to see you two again,” he said.
“But how is it that you’re here?” Emily asked once we were settled again.
“I brought Sveva here when we separated and we’ve been here ever since.” 
Fredrick looked at Sveva and Amara, smiling. “I put glamour on us to age us and a spell wiped our memory.”
“Brilliant,” someone said.
“Why didn’t you come to me yesterday?” Emily asked. 
“Because I had not seen the twins, only Sveva had.” Fredrick explained his ingenious plan about having to see both of the twins together before any memory was triggered. He added parts that even Sveva didn’t know.
“It took a set of twins to break the first part of spell, the part that released limited memory. That is why Sveva knew who the twins were.” Fredrick said. He looked around to make sure we were all following him. “Then she would have to see her mate in order for her true form to appear and lastly we’d both have to free of the spell for either of us to regain full memories.” Fredrick finished, looking quite proud at the complexity of the spell. “I’ve been here the whole time.” 
“Where…In the village?” Amara asked amazed.
“I own the gas station you stopped and asked direction from on your first day here.”
“No,” Ruth said. He was the attendant, the first person to welcome us.
“Enid and Amala came to me this morning and told me that Sveva and Amara were together. But they did not tell me that you were here.”
“Our surprise to you,” they said together. 
Excited conversation erupted in the room. I watched my family as they all talked over each other. How quickly the mood in the room had changed. The room was filled with something that even the word love didn’t seem quite big enough to describe. I looked at my oldest sisters and was the only one to see them smile. It was full of joy and hope. It was gone too soon. Their words to each other both gave me hope and filled me with terror.
“Who could stand against such a force?” Enid asked her mate.
“No one,” Amala answered.
I was still staring when Lucius took my hand. Comforting me as only his touch could do. I wanted to turn away from the hidden meaning in the question and answer session I’d accidently witnessed. First dangerous love and now love as a force. I’d heard the saying, love conquers all, but my sisters were giving it a whole new meaning. It was as if they were speaking for war. They couldn’t be. Could they? 
We didn’t know what Azriel end game was but Sariel and the rest of the defectors all felt that it was the destruction of the Mothers that he was after. Certainly that didn’t equate to war. Did it? 
“Nephilim are man’s warriors now. Remembering the Almighty’s mercy, they fight in the shadows. But they are not alone. Some of their fathers are with us still.” The twins picked up their story as the last of the chatter died down. 
“And these angels, why would they hide their existence for so long,” Samiel asked.
“These guardians have protected the line from the very beginning. They have battled these last thousand years making sure Azriel was never able to find us.”
“To say that implies that they knew your location. How is that possible?” 
Lucius had been the only angel to make contact with the line that we knew of. Hearing that there were always guardians was just…
“They always knew.”
The same look of confused astonishment covered all our faces. I felt like it was a requirement anytime we were in a group larger than four. Would the surprises ever stop?
“And where are they now? Why do they not protect Alma and Oneta?” Samiel asked.
“They do.”
Confusion was turning into frustration at our round table. For the second time, I found myself irritated with the boundaries of my sisters’ abilities. All of it was good information, piecing it together scrambled my brain and made my head hurt.  
“Is there one that we can call on now,” I asked.
“Armaros.”
I remembered the name. Armaros was one of the seraphim that disappeared before the return. They all assumed he had been destroyed with the rest of the fallen. Every angel in the room looked at Enid and Amala, their bodies as still as statues. It was unsettling to see.
In the corner of the room, behind where the eldest twins sat, an angel appeared. It was not quick, like the transformation of Emily and Sveva. It was more like watching him materialize before our eyes. A shadowy figure appeared and took shape. It grew both darker and filled with color, until an angel of great stature stood before us.
“Hadraniel…Sariel.”
The angel’s voice filled the room. It was impressive, it reminded me of Samiel. He was taller than even Maalik and appeared to be older than Samiel. His wings were not visible but I had little doubt they’d fill the room. None of the angels said a word. Lucius was the only one to stand, but he moved no further.
“Queen Mother.”  
Armaros voice was filled with pride I didn’t understand. In my short reign I had seen awe, astonishment, disbelief, even fear, but this was a first for pride. 
“How is this possible,” Lucius finally spoke but it was little more than a whisper. 
Armaros walked over to him and took Lucius by the shoulders. “You did well.”
Maalik was taller but Lucius somehow always seemed bigger to me, even when they were standing side by side. If Lucius was big Armaros was huge. It had nothing to do with weight or height; it had everything to do with presence. Armaros was the first created, the oldest, his presence was so strong it was almost a physical thing. His head was dangerously close to the ceiling and there were some light fixtures he was going to have to look out for if he left the dining room. His skin was tanned and his black hair was shoulder length and wavy. He eyes were the color of denim and set deep in his face, crowded by a pair of very thick eyebrows. His clean shaven jaw sported a strong chin, complete with dimple. He was a living statue. The sleeves of the white shirt were rolled up to display thick muscular forearms; the rest of the shirt was snug but not tight. His pants, loose and linen looking, held the secret of equally impressive legs. 
“Sit. I’ll explain everything.”
He took an empty seat. No introductions were made before he started.
“I don’t know how long after the completion that Azazel and Azriel started to fail in their purpose, only that I grew tired of it quickly. For a long time I pretended that it was the rebellion of the Watchers that started it all. But the longer I sat and listened to their constant rationalization of two very wrong ideas; I realized I alone remembered my purpose and the purpose of all the lower angels. First I tried logic and then reasoning in the end I sought refuge on the surface.”
We were all spellbound children.
“I’d watched the surface created from the heavens. It was a lot different being on it. I wandered the world in its entirety and then revisited my favorite places. It was at one of these spots that I first saw the woman I would fall in love with. This came years after me just watching. She married and had a child. It was in their death that I finally went to her.”
Armaros looked around the room as he spoke, making eye contact with his enamored audience. The relaxed pleasant look on his face told me that he had known happiness for a very long time.
“Every emotion was foreign and I struggled to make sense of each new one. There was no name for the way I felt. I did not associate my own actions with those of the Watchers. I stayed by her side in secret. I watched her son grow into a find boy. Her son and husband died. Heartbroken and alone, she chose to end her time and it was then that I showed myself.  We left her small village when she became pregnant, our first of five.”
There was a collective intake of breath from the four other angels in the room. Lucius and Sariel looked at each other. To confirm with each other that they heard correctly before turning their attention back to Armaros.
“Afi, my mate, had given birth to our fifth child the night before the Almighty returned. I begged for her life and for the lives of my children. I could not bear the thought of them hurt. I tore my wings off as an offering, in hopes of sparing them.”
We all looked sick. The very thought of what he’d said was unbelievable even though just yesterday Samiel had almost done the same thing.
“As I lay at the feet of the Almighty, Afi came to me, our children followed. She said that there was no life for her without me. She did not ask for my life to be spared or for our children. She asked that we all be taken from this world together.”
Lucius touched my arm but there was no comfort for what I’d just heard. The story was so amazing, so terrible, and so beautiful. It made me afraid to hear the rest. 
“‘Your tears and those of your wife and children will wash this world clean. Only true love could do such a thing.’ I greet each new day with these words.”
We all stared at the angel whose love allowed our world to go on. The enormity of what I’d heard kept me silent. Was I worthy of the power that this angel’s love afforded me?
 “Wila, I have been with you since your birth, watched you grow, watched as you took your rightful place and as you married.” 
 “What happened to Afi?” I asked. 
“I’ve not left her since I first went to her. I cannot bear to have her anywhere but by my side.”  
Before we could ask the question, Afi made her presence known. She appeared by his side as if his words had summoned her.
 “My love,” she said.
Afi didn’t take a chair. She sat on her angel’s knee. Her hand rested on top of the one Armaros had on the table, his other hand was on her back. It was hard for me to take my eyes from her. The rest of the room seemed just as memorized. The tiny woman looked around completely comfortable in all the attention she was getting from our group. 
Every woman in our group was five ten or taller. Afi was maybe five feet, if that. The white dress she wore was made out of a material that looked both rough and soft. The sleeves hung long, covering her hands and there was a hood in back that spread from shoulder to shoulder. Her skin was the darkest I’d ever seen. No other color could be used to describe it but black. It was smooth and flawless. Her hair was cut short, close to her head, almost bald. She wore no jewelry. 
 “How are you even alive?” Amara had no filter on her mouth; she asked the question we all wondered.
“We were given the gift of immortality,” Afi answered. 
“Your children too?” Sveva asked.
“Oh yes, Makeba watches over Oneta and Alma with the help of Aliyah and Sati. Nandi is standing guard with the angel at the front entrance.”
“And Ife?” I asked, knowing their last would be named Ife. Not the one that Lucius had found but one that was much older, the very first.
“I am here young one.”
She was an older version of me or I was a younger version of her; same skin tone, hair color, texture even length was the same, same facial features. We were even the same height. 
“Ruth you have brought great honor to my daughter Alleya’s line. As immortal guardians, my sisters and I have endured the loss of our children and mates. I mothered two daughters Alleya and Ife.  I watched the night Maia gave you Wila, daughters of my daughters, standing together again. Maia was stronger only because she was of the line that would carry the Mothers, but you my dear one, was brave on your own accord. I watched as all around touched you, giving you the strength you needed to take on the great task. It was the only time I allowed myself to touch any of my daughters line.”
Spellbound we watched as Ife walked toward Ruth and Samiel. Even Samiel seemed affected by Ife. The menacing angel face was full of reverence. For the first time I saw just how beautiful he was. His scar, which added to his fierceness, ran the length of his face. He’d never shared with us how he’d received the scar and no one knew why it didn’t heal.  Now his face was soft. The first I’d ever seen it so. He stood and knelt at Ife’s feet as she approached and she laid her hand on his shoulder. 
“I don’t remember my father’s offering of his wings. My oldest sisters do, and it is a story I never tire of. Yesterday I saw how he must have looked on that day. I watched as you stood; ready to offer all for love. The same love that saved this world. Today, I gift Ruth my immortality, so that she will always be by your side.
Ruth was up in a flash. “I can’t!” she said in a low voice. I think she meant to yell it but the words had stolen most of her breath. I know it had mine.
Ife didn’t move her hand from Samiel shoulder and Ruth’s new husband didn’t move from his kneeled position, he didn’t even raise his bowed head. Ife smiled at Ruth. 
“Just yesterday I watched you explain to Wila and Amara the love of a mother for her children.”
I don’t’ know if I’d ever seen the woman who’d raised me cry. But her soul shaking sobs had my throat tight and salty with tears. I wasn’t the only one, Amara and Sveva were crying openly, as was Emily. Even Fredrick had silent tears running down his face.
“Thank you,” Samiel said. He stood and bent so Ife could kiss his forehead. She touched Ruth lightly on the shoulder before he took his distraught wife to offer comfort.
Ife walked to her parents and they stood. Her mother opened her arms and Ife walked into the embrace and hugged her tight. Afi didn’t cry. I was shocked to see tears falling from the mighty Armaros.
“I am so proud of you Ife,” Afi said, “No mother could be prouder of a daughter.” 
The two women broke from there embrace and Afi kissed Ife on her forehead and both her cheeks before they pressed their faces together so that their noses touched. 
“I love you,” Afi said before releasing her daughter. There was no sadness in her face and she smiled lovingly at her.
“Father’s have that love too Ife,” Armaros said. 
Ife was taller than her mother but nowhere near tall enough to reach her father’s face so he knelt before her. She took his head in her hands and kissed the corner of his eyes, kissing his tears away. “I love you papa.”
The first Ife came into our life only to say goodbye. She walked around the table thanking all of us. We all stood waiting our turn. My heart rate increased with every step she took that brought her closer to me.
 “Guide her well. She will need your strength. Love and protect her above all else,” Ife told Enid and Amala.
Amala reached out and touched Ife’s face. She stood still and allowed her to see.
“We will,” they answered together. 
It was Emily and Fredrick turn now. “My sister Makeba told me of your sacrifice and it pained me when you that you had to part. Thank you for that sacrifice, for walking away from your own kind and leaving each other to keep them safe.” 
“It was our honor”. Fredrick answered for both of them. 
Emily was standing next to him crying silently but too hard to form words. Ife rubbed her hair, smoothed the waist long satin strains before giving her a hug and going to the next person. Maalik
“Our newest guardian,” she smiled brilliantly at him. “What a sight it was to see your wings change. Thank you.”
 “I am honored,” he whispered.
My heart was a lump in my throat as she headed my way. I would have runaway if my feet hadn’t grown roots and planted me in the spot I stood in. It wasn’t about right or wrong or if I was strong or weak. I was afraid for so many reasons but first and foremost I just didn’t want to do what Ife was about to ask of me. It wasn’t right on so many levels. Yes, I had the ability and it was her gift to offer but who was I to take what the Almighty had given?  Even when it’s offered freely. I watched her go to Sariel and then Amara and Sveva, who bowed before her. I watched her mouth move as she spoke to their lowered heads. They both stood at the same time and each received a hug. 
It was even harder for me to breathe as she finally came to stand in front of me and Lucius. I was glad when she spoke to Lucius first. I had time. 
“You were the first to find my line. I watched as you crowned your Ife and then let her go. I saw you cast from Heaven with our wings bound and stripped of all your power. From time to time our paths crossed and I watched as you searched.  I owe you thanks two times over,” she said to Lucius. 
“It was and is my great honor,” he said. Ife touched his cheek before turning to me. 
I would have to take her from this world to give Ruth her immortality. I tried to calm down as I stepped into her embrace. I remember the story Ruth told me about the night I was given to her. That Ruth had cried when she touched my mother. I thought of Emily words that it was because Ruth had taken on the burden of the sacrifice that my mother made in giving her children away. The two women were daughters of Ife. They’d both came from a line blessed by the Creator. So was I. 
Every facet of my life had been preordained and everything that had happened in it had prepared me to take my place as a celestial guardian, a protector of earth, its realms and its universe. None of it made what I was about to do any easier. 
“My daughter,” she said in a low voice. 
When she released me she was an old woman. Agelessness has taken the place of the young woman that had just stood before me.  I wished for wise or comforting words but none came. Everything we needed to say to each other was passed through our touch. I was filled with a love so great that my heart stopped. It didn’t skip a beat, or flutter, but stopped in my chest. Lucius came to me as Armaros took his daughter.
I couldn’t move but I wasn’t afraid. I knew I was safe in Lucius arms.  He took my hand placing it over his heart. I could feel it beating, so strong. My breathing slowed and then stopped. I saw Lucius mouth open slightly as he struggle to take his next breath but he didn’t’ panic. He stroked my cheek and then my hair before leaning down to kiss me. As he pressed his lips against mine I could feel his heart strengthen. He placed his hand above my heart and exhaled our next breath. My cheeks puffed out slightly as I took in the breath my husband gave me. I took a gasping breath as my heart started to beat again.
 The sky outside was dark but it wasn’t raining; no thunder or lightening, just a grey somber day. This was my tribute to a light that was no longer in this world. Lucius helped me to my feet and walked with me as I made my way to Ruth. With a finger that had the light of the sun, I touch her forehead to give her the gift of immortality.
We buried Ife’s body under the great tree, just the ones that were in the room that day. We honored her with seven days of silence. 

I smiled before even opening my eyes knowing the first thing I’d see was my angel. I felt the pressure of his lips on mine as he gave me the first kiss of the day. He kissed my belly next before resting his head on it. Putting a hand behind my head I rubbed his hair. Early morning sunshine came through the window and we stayed that way for a moment, laying in silence, enjoying the moment. For now there were no thoughts of missing Mothers, impending wars or life threatening decisions. Right now there was only the three of us.
Fall became winter fast, it was almost skipped entirely. The days were shorter and if you blinked you’d miss the daylight altogether. It had snowed sometime in the night and the white powdery dust covered everything.
We walked hand in hand to the kitchen. I heard my sisters before I saw them. They were loud and happy. I shook my head at the vision them moving around the kitchen while making breakfast. They were two peas in a pod, and though not identical, matched perfectly. No one would have been able to tell that they had been raised apart. Of course being able to read each other’s thoughts helped. 
Sveva spied us first and ran to me, hugging me tightly. “Good morning Wila, I thought I was going to have to come get you myself,” Sveva said. “But I’m sure Mr. Overprotective would have fought me tooth and nail.”  
I laughed because Sveva was right. Sveva had changed from when we’d known her as Sarah. Sarah had been all prim and proper, refusing anything other than formal titles. One thing hadn’t changed; she stilled hugged me with the same crushing embrace. 
Lucius hand tightened lightly and I knew that he is losing his patience with Sveva.  “That would not have been very much of a fight little sister,” Lucius said, but there was no threat in his words. I wrinkled my nose at him for the feelings he was having but didn’t say anything. 
“So what’s for breakfast,” I asked moving away from my sister. 
“Its pancake Tuesday,” Amara yelled from the stove where she was adding pancakes to a plate already piled high. 
The kitchen table was set. I noticed that there were a lot of place settings. The door bell rang and Sveva made a move, but Maalik beat her to it. He opened the door and greeted Ruth and Sam. 
“Wila, how are you,” Ruth asked as she released Sam’s hand to kiss my cheeks. Sam’s hand immediately went to Ruth’s back. He touched her always. 
“I’m feeling good.”
Ruth’s hand made a beeline for my belly. I had only just begun to show. My small round belly was the constant center of attention. I didn’t mind, I could hardly keep my hands away from it either. 
“Good morning to you too baby girl,” Ruth coo’d at my belly.
To my happy surprise, no word was mentioned on the impending war. We sat and ate as a normal family. 
“So have you thought of any names yet,” Sveva asked
“Maia,” Lucius said.
 I was surprised that he had been thinking about names and just as surprised that he’d chosen my mother’s name. 
“It’s perfect and she’d be honored,” Amara said.
“Yes she would be.” I didn’t know if she meant our mother or my daughter, but I felt she meant both. I agreed.
Once breakfast was finished I dressed for the day and before lunchtime the house was filled with family. It was not often that we did not see each other every day but it was seldom that we didn’t speak of the Azriel or Oneta and Alma. 
Emily and Fredrick were as cute as a couple still in young love, even though they had been together for four hundred years. Emily’s small petite build, with her long hair and dark bronzed skin was a sharp contrast to her mates but they fit together perfectly.  Their wings were small and delicate but also looked strong and matched in color and size. I wondered if it was because they were paired. 
Sariel was there in what I had come to think of as the angel’s uniform; tunic shirts and drawstring pants. Sariel mingled with the whole room but he stayed closest to Amara. I wondered if Amara had shared her feeling with him yet. Lucius had told me what the oldest twins said, but neither acted as if their relationship was anything other than friendship. Anyone looking at them could tell they obviously like each other. 
Ruth and Samiel stood with Amara and Sariel deep in conversation, Sam’s hand on  Ruth’s back and hers gently rubbing his arm or sometimes around his waist. Ruth no longer had the stern and disciplined demeanor that I had been raised with. She laughed and smiled more. While her movements were still regal, she was more animated. She was in love. 
Enid and Amala were right; nothing could destroy such a thing. I looked over at her oldest sisters. They sat on the small chaise lounge, shoulder to shoulder, speaking together in that spooky way of theirs. They shared the same expression as the angels in the room. Most of the angels were drawn to the oldest twins. They were the guardians of heaven and the angels revered them. Even the ones that I considered mine: Maalik, Sariel and sometimes even Lucius. They wore identical dresses of emerald green today and had a small band of gold around their foreheads that matched Amara and Sveva’s. 
A knock at the door drew my attention away from the eldest twins. Armaros and Afi entered, behind them was their daughter Nandi. Sveva was the first to call Armaros’s wife Nana, which meant mother of the earth. It stuck and now this was her official name in the village. Afi had on her usual white flowing gown with hood, Armaros is in the angel’s uniform and their daughter Nandi had on her usual jeans, white tee, hoodie and a pair of combat boots.  
It was hard to believe that tiny Afi had given birth to a race of Amazonian women. Nandi stood an impressive six five. Her skin was maybe a shade lighter than her mothers. Her hair was long and hung behind her in a tight plait. She had a pretty impressive physique. She looked as strong as all the angels.  
The couple came to me first.  Afi rubbed my belly acknowledging the baby first. 
“Hello sweet darling,” she said to the round belly. She was slightly bent over as she talked to Maia. “You’re not giving your mother any trouble yet are you.”
I smiled. “No Nana, Maia is already the perfect child.” 
“Oh the time will come, but you will love her anyway,” Armaros said laughing but the sadness that in his eyes since Ife passing was there. “How are you Wila?”  Armaros was such an attentive and loving man. It was easy to see why Afi loved him. 
“I feel fine.” 
“Good, good,” he said. 
“Good morning, Nandi how are you?” Lucius asked the young woman standing at her parents’ side. 
She was a fierce woman who always looked battle ready. She was the only one of Afi and Armaros’s children that had never married or had children. 
“Fine, thank you Lucius.”
“Maalik has been waiting for you. He wanted to go over some security details with you. I think he’s in the kitchen.” 
“I think I’ll go find him, please excuse me.” She kissed her mother and father before leaving.
“Thank you for that Lucius. She’s never liked being seen, always preferred to be in the shadows for some reason,” her mother said.
 I think Maalik might have a little bit of a crush on her,” he said.
I looked up at him shocked. No one had told me this.  
“Well, I wish him luck, Nandi’s a hard nut to crack, we haven’t been able to after all this time,” Armaros said, shaking his head and his wife agreed as he pulled her into his arms.
And this is how their lazy Tuesday went, in a house full of laughter and joy, full of love.

Chapter 14: Oneta and Alma


It was hard to believe that just yesterday they had been normal teenage girls; enrolled in high school, popular, well liked by their peers and teachers. 
Oneta and Alma rushed around their room packing with the type of efficiency that rivaled seasoned veterans. Both girls had the bodies of athletes. Oneta stood six feet five inches and her sister Alma was an impressive six. They’d shared the same room their whole lives and moved around it as if in dance as they packed. Neither girl spoke as they packed.
The day before Isabel had called them down from their rooms. Sitting on the couch were three women that looked like warriors in the girls eyes. The women stared at them in an approving manner.
“Oneta and Alma, it’s time,” Marcus said. 
Marcus had been a young man when he and his wife had taken the girls. He had been strict and firm with the girls but never mean, preparing them for the day when they would have to leave his house.
 His profession called for him to be away, so he had made sure that they could defend themselves. He enrolled them in sports to make their bodies strong, did military type training when he was home and signed them up for martial arts classes.
“These women will take you to your family,” Isabel added.
Isabel and Marcus had decided not to raise the girls under the pretense of being their children, but had never had children of their own. They loved the twins but prepared themselves for the day they’d no longer be a family, or so they thought. 
“Hello Oneta and Alma.” One of the women finally spoke. 
“Hello,” they said together. 
“This is Makeba and Aliyah,” the woman said, pointing to the two women on each side of her. “My name is Sati.” 
“Where are we going?” Oneta asked, looking at Marcus and Isabel.
“We’re here to take you to your sisters,” Makeba answered.
“And our parents?” Alma asked.
“We’ve not found them yet,” Aliyah told the girls
“When do we leave?” Alma asked, when none of the women said anything else.
“Tomorrow,” all three answered. 
The girls had no other questions, and the women offered no other answers. After a brief uncomfortable silence Marcus told the girls to go pack. The girls went to their rooms and pulled out their bags and did as they were told.
 They’d shared a last dinner with Marcus and Isabel that was mainly in silence. It was Marcus that finally broke the quiet. 
“I want you both to know what an honor it was for us to have been asked to be your guardians.” 
“No parent could be more proud of their children,” Isabel added. 
“Thank you,” the girls said. 
There was no usual talk of school, or homework or track meets. No one really ate, just pushed their food around on their plates until dinner was over. Oneta and Alma cleared the table like always. But Marcus and Isabel went to their bedroom. Oneta and Alma followed suit once the kitchen was done. The girls didn’t speak to each other as they moved around the house, each saying goodbye to the only home that they had ever known. In bed they lay silently, each preparing for the next day, they could hear the sounds of Isabel’s muffled cries and Marcus consoling his wife. The night was long and the morning greeted four people who had not slept. They’d heard the door bell and the hushed conversation of the adults in the other room. Between the two of them they each carried large duffels with only the essentials. 
“Ready?” Oneta asked her sister. Alma nodded.
Just as Oneta opened the door it was slammed in her face. The girls looked at each other, surprised and confused. Both their heads snapped back in the direction of the door when they heard a crash come from the front of the house. Oneta tried the door again but it didn’t budge. They heard Isabel yell and the girl doubled her efforts to open the door with Alma standing behind her bouncing lightly from foot to foot. Marcus may not have told the girls that he was preparing them for battle, but both were ready to fight and there was a fight going on in the other room.
Oneta stopped trying the door and turned, shaking the backpack off her arms. Alma dropped hers as well. Oneta had been trained to fight with a staff and she grabbed the long stick from the corner as she went to the window. Alma realized what her sister meant to do and was hot on her heels. Both landed in the side yard almost at the same time and took off for the front of the house. At the corner of the house they could see the front door. They were shocked still by the sight of the two people that came falling out of it.  
Sati's hands were around the throat of a man.  The fight itself was surprising, but was not the thing that had the girls standing side by side, frozen in place. The wings were what held them in their spot. 
The man had large iridescent wings. They fluttered in short burst, at times disappearing they moved so fast. Sati let go of the winged man’s throat. Being as tall as the twins, she had a height advantage and she brought her elbow down on top of his head and then punched him in the side. He let go and Sati pulled out the largest knife the twins had ever seen. 
“What the…” Oneta said and instantly had the attention of the winged man that hovered about three feet from the ground. 
His focus now on the girls, he dove at them. Both sidestepped easily enough. As he went past them Oneta swung her staff behind her back before bringing it back around across the front of her body so fast it was a blur and then struck the winged man on the back of his neck. Sati was at their side before he hit the ground.
“You two have to get out of here.”  Before she could say anything else the winged man got up.
“We’re not leaving Marcus and Isabel,” Oneta said moving away from the man. 
He hissed at the group of women, showing a mouth full of pointed teeth which would have been unnerving for both of the girls if not for the confidence that only well trained people have. 
“Go inside. We got this,” Oneta instructed her sister. 
Alma ran to the house without looking back; leaving Oneta standing ready, holding her staff and Sati with the crazy big knife. She pressed her back flat against the front of the house and took a quick look inside, making sure that no one was going to come flying out. Marcus and Makeba were fighting another winged man.  Aliyah had her hands full with a third. There was a racket coming from the kitchen. Alma took off to find Isabel. 
Isabel was being backed into a corner by two winged people, a man and a woman. Isabel had in her hands, a large butcher knife and of all things, the metal tea pot from their stove. The woman advanced first and Alma watched as Isabel swung the knife cutting the woman’s shoulder and then smashing her over the head with the tea kettle.  Following Isabel’s lead, Alma grabbed the first thing she saw, a lamp. Without stopping to take the shade off, Alma ran up behind the man and brought it down with all her might on the back of his head. 
Shocked but not injured, the man spun around. Alma leaned back, trying not to be hit by his wings, and was hit with a blow that sent her flying across the room. Her back hit a wall, and if it were not for adrenaline she would have fallen to the floor. Instead she grabbed a pair of scissors that were lying on the small desk and straightened. 
 Her legs slightly apart and bent at the knees, she had a firm, but light grip on her weapons.  She was ready for the advancing man. Just like the one outside he underestimated her. He advanced to grab Alma. She ducked under his arms, turned and slashed one of his wings. His scream filled the house. 
Alma was advancing when she was grabbed from behind. The winged man that she had cut walked over and slapped her. Alma could hear Isabel moaning from somewhere behind her and only had a second to be glad that she was not dead before the winged woman spoke from behind her.
“The queen will not be happy if you kill her.”
“She cut me,” the man said, and while he was still angry, some of the fury had left his eyes.
“Dain, our job is to bring them back alive,” the woman reminded him.
“Take her, I’ll get the other,” Dain said and Alma was being pushed in front of the woman, headed for the front door. She’d tried planting her feet and stomping on the woman’s, but it was no use. The woman was too strong. 
As she was led through the front room she saw that Marcus and Makeba had succeeded in killing or knocking out the one they were fighting when she first came in. There was a look of pure horror on Aliyah’s face when she saw that Alma was captured. 
As Alma and the woman exited the house, she saw the winged man that she’d cut go help in the fight Sati and Oneta were still in.  Oneta was bleeding but still fought. She and Sati were tag-teaming the winged man. Sati screamed in her efforts as she lunged at him with her knife moving it in a large X. The man, backing away from Sati, was met by Oneta’s staff from behind. In quick succession she jabbed him in the back twice; first high at the base of his neck and then in the small of his back, before swinging the staff around, hitting him on both sides. 
Alma struggled harder, but the woman laughed. She bent her knees and jumped in the air. Alma, held in the arms of the wing woman, saw Dain overtake Sati and then saw no more, relieved only in the knowledge that her sister would be taken prisoner and not killed.

*

I woke with a feeling of nervousness. I opened her eyes as other emotions took hold of me as well; those of loss, sadness and anger. I quickly sat up and turned on the bedside lamp. It was still dark outside but Lucius stood at the foot of the bed.
“They’ve been taken,” he said. 
“What… when…” I asked as I threw the covers aside and Lucius came to help me get out of bed. 
“Makeba just called. They were ambushed at the twin’s home.” Lucius released my arm and I grabbed my robe, headed for the door. 
The angel outside our bedroom door turned quickly and bowed his head but didn’t speak. I hardly noticed him. I could hear talking downstairs and I rushed to get to the rest of my family.
“How long ago,” I asked Lucius.
“About ten minutes ago.” Lucius went to my other side as I grabbed the banister. 
“Is everyone up?”  
 “Yes, they are all here, Armaros and his family as well.” Lucius let go of the breath he’d been holding since I’d taken the first step. 
They had all congregated in the kitchen instead of the dining room. The area may have been too small for us to eat in, but no one was sitting. As I entered everyone stopped talking and turned to me.  
“Are they alive,” I asked Enid and Amala. There was no reason to beat around the bush. If they weren’t we’d need to know.
“Of course,” they answered. 
“And will they stay that way,” I asked.
“For now”
I breathed in and let it out the breath slowly. Being mad at the twins was going to get me nowhere. I understood that any number of events could change the future.
“Do you know where they are,” I asked.  I wasn’t sure if anyone had already asked the question but I was playing catch up and didn’t really care. 
“In winter’s court,” they answered. 
“Then we go get them,” Maalik spoke.
I could feel the fight building in him. He was ready to go now. Our emotions were on par in this regards. 
“It will be a lot more difficult than that.” Armaros said. “We have no idea where they’re hidden or how many we fight.”
He was right. We couldn’t just go barging into fairy blind. 
“Then we go to the Summer’s queen and ask for aid,” Sveva said.
“How can we know it’s safe?” Amara asked.
Both set of twins held each other, but while Amara and Sveva always drew comfort and strength from each other; Enid and Amala looked more like conjoined twins. Touching for them seemed a necessity. 
“Because Ife trusted her,” Nandi said bringing all eyes on her. “She’s promised and therefore bound by her word. Ife told me she has a role to play and we may not be able to proceed without her.”
“Then we leave right away, as soon as I dress,” I said. Lucius opened his mouth and I silenced him by raising my hand. 
“I want my sisters as safe as you want me. I’m sorry my love, but I can’t always sit in the safety of this house while people continue to make sacrifices.”
 “With the youngest taken we must pool all resources in order to get them back.” Armaros said.”
“If that is all then I think I’ll go get dressed,” I said rising.
“Well there’s one other thing,” Armaros said, stopping me in me in my tracks.
 “I think it time for you to meet with Azriel.” 

Epilogue


The war between the courts started the same reason any war does – power. Summer and Winter were the Queens of nature. Their purpose was to guide the changing of the seasons.  Parts of the earth were always under the control of one. Winter felt that not enough of the surface was under her reign. Summer was not willing to give in to her demand for more. So began the constant battle and age old war between the sisters.
Summer and Winter were created at the same time –after the Seraphim but before the Archangels. They were exact opposites, to keep balance. 
Winter, tall and thin, had long, straight, white hair that hung past the back of her knees. Her sharp, narrow and angular features made her intimating. Her grey eyes were cold and unforgiving. Her court feared her. She liked it that way.
Summer was shorter, but by no means short, her six foot frame was a full two feet shorter than that of her counter’s.  Her skin was dark, the color of wood, and her hair was curly and jet black. Her features were rounded and soft, she had eyes that were sometimes brown, some time gold. She was, by far, the nicer of the two. Her court loved and revered her. She was a good queen. 
Fae started their existence as angels. They were the architects of the earth surface. If they had joined the other angels in heaven Summer and Winter would have been Seraphim as well.  The Great Creator granted their request to remain on the surface as long as they stay hidden and did not interfere with man. They were given long life; the first two – true immortality. 
 In their constant exchange for dominance of more territory or more time, only once had Winter won. It was the only time that the heavenly angels had intervened in the affairs of the fae. A land of only snow and ice was not what they wanted either. With their help Summer overthrew Winter. This time was what man would one day call the ice age.
 Summer and Winter knew the prophecy, but neither worried. As it was proclaimed, they would not exist until needed. Surely the angels had learned their lesson. Both were shocked with the Mothers were born.  
“Idiot!” Winter yelled at her sister. 
The Great tree had been called a neutral meeting area by the sisters. Neither went to the others home and their paranoia refused them to allow even one guard or additional fairy; there was no way to know if they were of equal strength. The ice in the tree was melting as fast as it formed. Winter was cloaked in ice and Summer in fire. Summer didn’t think about the tree, one of the originals. She was finally mad. 
“How dare you,” she yelled right back at her sister. “Do you know what you have done to us with that ridiculous plan? If the angels should ever find out…”
It had been Winter’s idea to kidnap the earth guardians, the word made her cringe but why sugarcoat it? That’s what they’d done. What had she been thinking?  They had been specifically told to stay out of the affairs of humans but she’d seen nothing but determination in Winter’s eyes and so she’d reluctantly agreed.
“And whose fault is that?” You were supposed to watch them.  I knew it. I knew you would fail,” Winter said through gritted teeth. “When first I heard of those silly crowns, I knew you would not see it through.” 
Summer was mortified. “You’ve spies in my court!” Too flabbergasted for the statement to be a question, the temperature in the small space increased as waves of anger radiated from her.
She’d commissioned bands of gold to be made for each of the girls. Crowns to be worn with the hope that if their plan failed the act would put, at least her, in favor of the angels, who were still leery of Winter after her attempt to take over the surface.  As soon as the twin girls were before she knew they’d made a mistake and the wrath of the angels would be great. 
“Of course I did. Did you think I would have no eyes on them? ”
“A lot of good it did.”
The agreement had been that the twins would be raised in Fairy; spending the first half of their life in Summer’s Court, before being passed off to Winter. But the guardians, Emily and Fredrick, took the twins and disappeared. There had been scouts looking ever since but the fairy couple was doing a fine job hiding them. Now the realms had recognized the Queen Mother and their time to find the earth twins had grown short. 
“I’ll have no parts in any new plan,” Summer said. 
Winter turned from the other side of the tree. “Oh, someone will have to answer and your court is the only that ever had possession of the twins. I would hate for the angels to find out.”
Summer moved so quickly Winter had no line of defense before she found Summer’s hands around her neck. The Summer’s Queen pinned the Ice Queen to the old tree by the throat. Winters height advantage didn’t save her, and she couldn’t break Summer’s hold. 
“If you ever go to the angels and suggest such a thing,” Summer spit in her sister’s face, her hands engulfed in flames. “I swear I will make sure that we both are taken from this world. I will not go alone.”
The weight of the promise bore down on them both, but Summer didn’t relent. Fairies could not lie and they could not break an oath. Summer’s words were no doubt, just that. 
“You’re hurting me.” Winter knew she had gone too far. Her sister’s hands were burning her and she saw power in her counter she’d never seen before. Winter and Summer could not destroy each other, a safeguard to keep the balance.
Summer released her sister but was still too angry at Winter’s words and her body remained in flames as she left the great tree. In was engulfed in flames.
“No more plans. I will try to right this wrong before the angels find out.”


####
