Friends...
(Extended Version)
Heather Mar-Gerrison



Heather Mar-Gerrison Copyright 2014
Revised 2021

Smashwords Edition

Beautiful front cover design by: 
selfpubbookcovers.com/Tigerlily


No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronically or mechanically, including photocopying, recording or by any information storage and retrieval system without the written permission of the author, except where permitted by law. This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance of characters to actual persons, living or dead is purely coincidental. The Author holds exclusive rights to this work. 



I’ve been asked many times if I would make ‘Friends” into a full-length novel, So, here it is… Friends, The Extended Version – I hope you like it…


If you’ve ever been ‘friends’ you’ll understand…




Chapter 1 – First Impressions

James

Okay, I admit it. I’m in love with my best friend. I’m only admitting this to you, of course. I couldn’t possibly tell her...
We’ve been best friends since high school. She was the first person I ever laid eyes on, on my first day at Horseley High School. I was kind of shy and had always been a little awkward around meeting new people.
So, I’d seen her long before she approached me; in fact, I’d spotted her as soon as I was shown to my form room. She was kind of fascinating to me. I’m not sure if it was the vibrant shade of her hair or if I was just attracted to her in general, but I’d picked her out of the whole crowd in seconds – and her hair was pretty vibrant – a mass of bright red curls. She was wearing glasses and was concentrating hard on the white board. I’d had trouble tearing my eyes away as the teacher showed me to the only available seat left in the room. Lucky for me it was near the back and gave me a perfect diagonal view across the room to my mystery red-head. Things were looking up…
It took me a while to navigate around the school, but eventually, day by day, it got slowly easier. I didn’t need to use the handy guide quite so often a week later and after another two weeks I pretty much knew my way around.
Those first couple of weeks proved to me that I was every bit as invisible as I’d been at my last school and I was bracing myself to suffer the next couple of years before I could move on to college in complete obscurity – friendless and quite likely to lose the power of speech for lack of communication when it happened…
I was leaning against the wall, enjoying the warmth of the sun, whilst waiting for break-time to end when she seemed to just appear in front of me like a vision. She was leaning against the wall opposite – alone – and I was a little startled that I hadn’t noticed her before. I was usually hyper-aware of her every movement around the place.
She was watching me, I realised with a little thrill. To my delight she pushed off from the wall she was leaning against and for want of a better way to describe the way she walked, she sashayed across the playground until she was right in front of me, sending my beating heart into complete over-drive.
“Hello,” she said, smiling at me, showing braces on all of her teeth, “I haven’t seen you around before. What’s your name?”
I stared at her, momentarily dumbstruck at her forthright manner. No one had ever come over to check me out before. Not least, I guess, because of the way I looked. I was kind of geeky back then, with my terrible glasses and curly black hair that just sat on top of my head like some kind of bird’s nest. It just never occurred to me to do anything with it. Still, at least I no longer had the brief case…
I stammered a response – or at least I think I did. Maybe it was all in my head. “Um, James,” I managed. I was so nervous it didn’t even occur to me to ask her name… and that wasn’t the worst of it, either. I totally couldn’t take my eyes off her mouth. I’d never seen braces on both top and bottom teeth before and I was kind of fascinated with the fact that she had bright purple bands holding the wires to the little clips on each of her teeth. Honestly, they kind of suited her…
Finally wrenching my eyes away from the teeth and towards the rest of her face, I remember thinking she was really rather pretty in a quirky sort of way. Like I’ve already mentioned she had (still has, mind you) shocking red hair. It was positively glowing in the sunshine too, like a halo of mist around her head. It was the sort of red hair that is always too curly and fly-away. (Not that I had any room to talk with my mop-top!) Her face was covered in freckles that kind of joined up over her cheek-bones and nose and the bluest eyes I’d ever seen. Her eyelashes were long – but so pale they were hard to see. These were teamed up with a pert little nose and rosebud lips – too pink to be natural. (Again, maddeningly, they still are!) All set in a slightly rounded face. I thought she was a goddess sent from above to rescue me.
As it turned out she wasn’t actually a goddess but she was pretty damned cool and she had a great circle of good friends that welcomed me into their fold without prejudice and they all became really good mates of mine too. They were Carry-Ann, Joshua and Kyle. It was the first time in my life that I’d had really good friends – friends I could count on – and I was happier than I’d ever been.
Amazingly we all stayed in touch over the years, all through school, college and university and not just a card at Christmas, either. I guess it made it easier that we all went to the same college – and then three out of the four of us went to the same uni…

Angelica

James. Even his name makes the hairs on the back of my neck stand on end with excitement – and it’s always been the same for me too. I love him. There. I’ve never admitted that to anyone else – it would be stupid to, really. We’re just mates and that’s all it’s ever been.
I remember with clarity the first time we ever set eyes on each other. He’d just started at our school and I was fascinated at first sight… I was thirteen – almost fourteen and I must have looked such a sight. I had really bad hair back then. I hadn’t discovered the necessary conditioning serums to control my frizzy tangle of curls and I don’t think I’d even heard of straightening irons…
Anyway, my teeth were pretty terrible back then, too but thankfully our dentist was a forward-thinking man and he sent me for braces to get them sorted out. I had to have four teeth removed and then those braces that are actually glued to your teeth and wired up with little coloured bands to make you feel better about the whole thing which, to be fair, you do, to start with – but after two years of having to brush and floss and swish with mouthwash and avoid all your favourite sweets, well, you just want them off and you actually start fantasising about toffee apples and rock. No, really...
Anyway, back to James. He had quite bad hair back then too, which may or may not have been a deciding factor in wanting to make him feel welcome. So, I decided to make the first move out of all of my friends and I went over to him one break-time after thinking about it for far too long. Well, someone had to welcome him to the school…
I think I probably frightened him half to death thinking back to the expression on his face, but anyway, he didn’t run a mile. In fact, we became quite firm friends from that very first encounter.
I grinned at him, “Come on,” I cajoled him, “come and meet the others,” I grabbed his hand – it was warm and soft and big and lovely. I’d never tried holding hands with a boy before but the death-grip he had on my hand, showing how nervous he was, made me want to hang on to him forever. He didn’t let go as we walked back over to the others and he grinned at me gratefully as I introduced him, giving it one last little squeeze of thanks before he finally let go. I beamed around at Carry-Ann, Kyle and Josh, feeling really pleased with myself that I’d found him first, “Guys,” I said, “This is James and he’s gonna be joining our group.”

*

James fitted in really well. He might have looked like a total science nerd but he really wasn’t. In fact, he was terrible at the subject – something else I was delighted to find that we had in common. No, he was definitely nothing like the way he looked. He was funny and cool and if you ignored the bad hair and bad glasses – he was really good-looking too. He was into art and English and I shared his love of English but my real passion was History, which he wasn’t quite so enthusiastic about. 
We spent a huge amount of our time together as we just naturally gravitated towards each other. If he wasn’t at my house in the evenings after school – I was usually at his. I preferred going to his house. His mum made the most fantastic shortbread – and we were allowed to make ice-cream milkshakes – something my mum wouldn’t let me do in a million years.
Of course, we couldn’t spend all of our time together and he played football with Joshua and Kyle. They bonded over that sort of stuff and I discovered make-up and clothes with Carry-Ann.
“Do you fancy James?” she asked me one day. We were about sixteen, I guess, and I was all embarrassed about the way I secretly felt about him. I swallowed nervously. How should I answer this? What if she went and told him? I was petrified of him finding out. I didn’t want to ruin anything between James and I – our friendship was utterly perfect and I absolutely loved him to bits but to imagine becoming boyfriend and girlfriend – and ultimately breaking up and falling out, was terrifying. It was even scarier than the thought of him meeting another girl and forgetting all about me… Well, no, actually it wasn’t but I tried my best not to think about that happening at all. I didn’t want to lose him – ever.
I went for the ‘let’s-dodge-this-question-for-as-long-as-possible’ routine, “Why?”
She rolled her eyes, “You make such a good couple,” she said with a shrug, “what with all the chemistry you’ve got going on… I just don’t get it. I don’t understand why you’re not going out with each other.” She looked totally perplexed and I wavered. Should I tell her?
I sighed. How could I explain to her my terror at losing him if it all went pear-shaped? No. She’d think I was being silly – and then she would embark on a program of match-making so mortifying that I would have to take to my room and never come out again. So, I swallowed back what I was going to say and I lied through my teeth instead, “I just don’t see him that way.” I said, trying to look as if I meant it. But the truth was quite the opposite. He was all I could think of if I was honest. I doodled my married name (Angel Mugford) all of the time. I’d worked out how much he loved me by counting all the L’s, O’s, V’s, E’s and S’s in our names and then doing a ridiculous equation (that I’m certain is rubbish, but still…) and got so excited to get to 97% That had to mean something, surely?
Her next words sent a thrill right through me and gave me hope for the future, “Well, I think he sees you like that.” 
Prom was coming up and I wondered if he would do anything about it then. Josh, Kyle and James were getting a ride there in a tank. Josh had been in the army cadets since he was small and had arranged the whole thing. Kyle was a little scared but he bravely went along with the whole thing. My lasting memory of the night was James’s huge grin as they passed us on their way to the venue. He was standing with Josh and Kyle (who looked like he was going to be sick) looking out of the top of the tank and he looked absolutely on top of the world.
I felt very pretty that night – and James even told me I looked beautiful – but even though loads of girls and boys around us were hooking up, he still didn’t do anything to change our relationship from friends to anything else and I’m not complaining – not really – because I could have made a move on him but I didn’t because I didn’t have the guts to admit the way I really felt about him, either. I’ve kicked myself about that night along with all the other missed chances over the years...
You see, there was a moment. It was fleeting but it was when he called me Angel. He’d had a bit to drink I think. We weren’t supposed to have alcohol at the prom – but contraband always managed to find its way in with some kids. He came over to me with a massive smile on his face.
I grinned back at him. “Hey, where’ve you been?”
He slung an arm around my shoulder and put his finger to his lips, “Shhh,” he said, pulling me in to him conspiratorially, “I’ve been outside,” he nodded his head towards the doors.
I was mildly horrified. All the smokers were out there, “You’ve been smoking?” I asked incredulously. Surely not? He was far too sensible for that sort of thing.
He shook his head vehemently, “Nah,” he said with a rather impressive snort, “someone’s got a load of booze.”
I wrinkled my nose. Jeez, they could have put anything in it. “Oh, right.”
We stood awkwardly together for a moment just looking around the room at some of the most surprising hook-ups ever. I was watching Samuel Smith and Helen Watson slow-dancing. Honestly, I don’t think those two had ever uttered a word to each other in the whole five years we’ve been at Horseley Academy (yes, they changed the name of the school in our final year there). “You look beautiful tonight,” James slurred, “Like an angel. You’re my Angel.” He gathered me to him and hugged me. He was really tall now and he actually lifted me off the ground and twirled me around in a big circle before planting me back down. It wasn’t the most graceful of moves but I was thrilled. Yes! This is it! This is the night he tells me… or not.
We stood and smiled shyly at each other – and then Kyle came over in tears. John Baker, who he’d been dating on and off for months dumped him – and so our tentative steps at getting closer were forgotten as we united, along with Josh, who was supposed to be with Katie Robinson, and Carry-Ann, who dumped Greg Forsyth for being unreasonable about it and comforted our broken-hearted friend instead...


Chapter 2 – Going our separate ways…

James

“You’re not coming to Leeds uni?” I looked at her horrified. We had pretty much been planning which one we were going to since we met and now she was welching on the deal?
She looked at me apologetically, “I’m so sorry James,” she said, “I know the English course at Leeds is brilliant – but the History course was just better at Liverpool...”
I swallowed the lump in my throat painfully and nodded; she’d made her mind up – and I didn’t even feature in her plans. We’d been friends since that first day in the courtyard and I’d been secretly in love with her from day one but obviously that was all it was to her – friendship. She clearly wasn’t looking for anything more from me and I berated myself for my perpetual hope that things might one day change. How I ever thought they were going to if I never told her how I felt, I don’t know…
In all that time, even though I wanted to more than I can tell you, I never once told her the way I really felt about her. I’d confessed all to Carry-Ann one night at a party when we’d moved on to college. She was dating George Davies at the time – one of the science geeks – and on this particular occasion, Angelica wasn’t able to attend which was a total bummer.
Anyway, George Davies got drunk and stuck his tongue down one of the cheerleader’s throats. Carry-Ann was beside herself that George had cheated on her and sobbed all over me.
“I can’t believe he did that, Mugsy,” she cried. I suppressed a sigh at the stupid nickname I’d been unfortunate enough to be saddled with. Why did stupid nicknames stick? Why couldn’t I have been given a cool one? Anyway… I still put my arm around her awkwardly and tried to comfort her; I was totally out of my comfort zone but I guess I couldn’t have been all that bad because she stopped crying after a while and then totally floored me by asking when I was going to tell Angelica how I felt about her. I really thought I’d been all cool about the whole thing and I honestly didn’t know anyone else knew…
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” I blustered going all red, “I don’t feel anything about her.”
She snorted and gave me such a disbelieving look I was worried that Angelica knew, too. “Did she say anything to you about it?” I asked, “Does she know?”
She shook her head, “Nah,” she scoffed disparagingly, “the girl’s blind when it comes to love,” she sighed mournfully, “She’s too slow to catch a cold, that one…”
Sadly, that wasn’t strictly true. It was just me she was blind to. I quite clearly gave off the wrong vibes.
Josh stumbled into the room at that moment. His eyes were a little blurry from the alcohol coursing through his veins but he homed in on Carry-Ann like she was the target and he was the missile… “George Davies is a total dickhead.” He said with feeling, sitting down right between the two of us, “You can do better.”
It had never occurred to me that he fancied her up until that point and I guess that was how easy it was to miss. Until he got drunk and confessed how much he loved her, he’d hidden his feelings for her perfectly.
Luckily for him, Carry-Ann had been waiting to hear those words for years – George Davies had obviously just been a distraction – and luckily for them both, I beat a hasty retreat for them to show each other how much they’d been missing out on…

Angelica

So, Josh and Carry-Ann had started dating. Well that wasn’t all that surprising really. She’d been rabbiting on about how buff he’d got for months. And I couldn’t agree more – Josh had turned out okay. He’d changed from a scrawny, ratty-looking boy into a confident, handsome and muscular guy with a six-pack to die for. His new-found fanciable status, however, hadn’t gone to his head. He hadn’t decided that he had to go and sleep around with all the girls who showed an interest. No, instead he waited for Carry-Ann to become single – and then he totally went for it. I guess it didn’t hurt that he’d had a little help from a fair few beers to boost the confidence levels – or for the fact that George Davies had been a right fool…
I have to admit, I was jealous. Not that she went out with Josh. No. My jealousy was that Carry-Ann and Joshua had been able to admit their feelings for each other – and then totally made it work. The friendship group didn’t suffer one bit for them becoming an item – and it made me wonder if it would work just as well if James and I were to do the same – only he never asked...
There was one time when I really thought he was going to say something of significant importance when I had to finally come clean and confess that I was going to Liverpool university instead of where the rest of them were going. He looked so devastated that we weren’t going to be together all of the time anymore. I waited, searching his face, dying for him to say something – anything that would show me what he really felt. But I guess he was either far too shy – or simply not interested in me that way and being the fool that I was, I totally assumed it to be the latter.
He smiled eventually, “Well, we’ll just have to visit each other all the time instead, won’t we?”
I nodded enthusiastically, “Of course we will,” I agreed, “we’ll be friends forever, won’t we?”
He nodded, “Through thick and thin.” He said with a sad little smile.
I smiled back at him, “Thick and thin, yeah, I like that.” I agreed.

Chapter 3 – Just tell her….

James

I was thrilled for my friends that they’d found each other – not as thrilled as they were I hasten to add. They were totally smitten. It was a beautiful thing to see.
Carry Ann however, being completely loved up, wanted the same for Angelica and me.
“When are you going to tell her, James?” She asked one day when we’d been at uni for around eight months and Angelica and I had been visiting each other once a month throughout. Every time I went, I promised myself that I would ask her to be my girlfriend – and every time I arrived back at Leeds, Carry would raise her eyebrows and look at me hopefully only to sigh and shake her head when I smiled ruefully and shrugged my shoulders.
“I’m not.” I said, blushing with acute embarrassment.
She shook her head, “She’ll give up and meet someone else if you don’t pull your finger out and ask her out on a date.”
I nodded. I knew she was talking total sense. It was just that we were at opposite ends of the country to each other and things were always a little bit awkward whenever she came to visit. It took us a while to get reacquainted with each other and then for me to dive right in and ask her for a date always seemed wrong, somehow… maybe I was just being a right moron – or maybe I was just afraid of rejection. I don’t know what it was, it just never seemed to happen for me.
“Give him a break, Carry.” Josh interjected with a warning frown on his face, “He’ll ask her in his own sweet time.”
Carry-Ann rolled her eyes and snorted. “Yeah, right – course he will,” she said disparagingly, “And by then she’ll have found someone else. Someone who won’t be right for her but it’ll still be too late.”
I sighed, I was quite pathetic and I knew she was right. And just as if she was seeing the future and proving her point to perfection, the following weekend went totally pear-shaped…
Angelica came to visit the very next weekend and she’d been so delighted to see me she’d flung her arms around my neck and kissed me full on the lips. Wow! She’d never done that before – maybe something was finally changing...
I’d closed my eyes and kissed her back but it wasn’t a full-on snog, more’s the pity…
We broke apart, both looking a little embarrassed. I didn’t know what to do with my hands. I shoved them in my jeans pockets and just kind of stared at her, wondering what I should say. Thankfully, I didn’t say anything because it was right at that moment when she broke her news – along with my heart…
“I’ve met this guy…”
My stomach turned over and I felt my heart turn to a solid lump of lead in my chest. A guy? She’d never met a guy before. Before it had always been just the two of us against the world… I glanced across at Carry-Ann, who looked back at me with wide eyes, “A guy?” I asked, “Cool,” I swallowed and forced a smile. I couldn’t hide my tears behind my glasses anymore, since I’d gotten all cool and had a haircut and started to wear contacts, but right now I was wishing for those specs – as much as I’d hated them all my life before... I blinked. “What’s his name?”
“Steve,” she said with a bit of an affected sigh – or maybe it was an ‘I’m-in-love-with-him’ sigh and I was just being picky, I don’t know… “He’s so intelligent…”
I was a little affronted, “I got straight A’s, you know,” I said before I could stop myself, “I’m intelligent,” I added completely unnecessarily, “What’s so fabulous about him?”
Carry-Ann gave me a warning glance. I nodded and decided to keep my mouth shut after that. There was absolutely no point in making a total fool of myself.
“So, when do we get to meet the wonderful Steve?” Carry-Ann asked.
I froze and stared at Angelica. Don’t let him come here, please. Leave me the odd weekend to pretend and live in perpetual, futile hope…
She grinned, making my knees turn to jelly – and something else about my person start to throb… “I’ll bring him to meet you all next week.”
I nodded, suppressing a sigh and allowing my heart to sink to my really rather trendy and fashionable boots. Great – I was going to meet the man of Angelica’s dreams…


Angelica

“I’ve met this really nice guy.” I twirled my hair around my finger as I chatted on the phone with Carry-Ann.
She was silent for a moment and then she asked, “What? You’re going out with him?” was that tiny silence significant? And was she sounding more horrified than merely interested? Should I ask after James? Did I really want to jeopardise any hope of being his girlfriend by accepting a date with Steve?
“Not yet.” I said with a sigh, “But he’s really nice, you know – and well…” I trailed off. James has never asked. 
She asked me all about him then and I got quite excited to be able to talk about a guy that was actually interested in me like that. As much as I loved James – more than anything in the whole world if I’m going to be honest, he’d never once shown me any sign of wanting me to be anything more than friends – and I wanted so much more than that.
I left it for a few days. Surely Carry-Ann would tell the others that I’d met a guy? Surely, if James wanted me, now would be the time for him to stake his claim? I stared at my phone willing it to ring. Please call me.
It never rang. I went to class and Steve smiled at me, sending a little thrill through me that he really liked me.
He came over to me after class, “I’ve got tickets to that band you said you liked.” He grinned hopefully.
I looked at the tickets. Oh, my God… One of my absolute favourites. I grinned up at him. “That is so cool,” I replied excitedly. And that was it – we were going out…
Being in Liverpool, it was easy to forget just how much I felt for James. Visiting him however, was a very different kettle of fish – and admitting to him that I was going out with some guy from uni was damned near excruciating. I didn’t love Steve but I really liked him. He was sweet and gorgeous and intelligent – if a trifle boring but now I’m just being picky. I was however, in love with James and it was really difficult to keep my feelings for him under wraps.
Carry-Ann had invited me down for the weekend after I’d told her about Steve asking me out and I’d gladly accepted.
I was so excited to see James I could hardly contain myself. As soon as I saw him I ran over to him and flung my arms around his neck. Without even really thinking about what I was doing I kissed him.
He was quite clearly stunned, but he did at least hug me back and he didn’t break the kiss off instantly. If I could have frozen us in time at that moment and taken a picture to store away in my memory banks forever I seriously would. 
I pulled away fractionally before he’d opened his eyes and stared at him. He opened his eyes, his expression hungry – was that hunger for me?
I felt compelled to tell him straight away that I’d got a boyfriend, “I’ve met this guy…”
He didn’t say anything. He just stared at me with his mouth slightly open before glancing accusingly at Carry-Ann, who looked back at him a little like a rabbit caught in headlights. I understood immediately – she hadn’t told him anything about Steve. It wasn’t that James hadn’t wanted to stake his claim – he hadn’t known... I suddenly felt so confused. 
The moment passed as soon as he looked back at me and grinned, “A guy? Cool.” He nodded, looking as if he didn’t care one way or another and confusing me even further, “What’s his name?”
“Steve,” I said, forcing myself to look as though he was the love of my life. Well, if that was his reaction he clearly didn’t really give a shit about me – and probably never had. It was all in my own head. Idiot. “He’s so intelligent…” I added for effect.
It was the first time James had ever got in a snit with me over anything, but he seemed really annoyed about that one sentence, “I got straight A’s, you know,” he snapped, “I’m intelligent.” My jaw dropped as I looked at his scowl deepening, “What’s so fabulous about him?”
I opened my mouth to answer but Carry-Ann jumped in – probably to save any further embarrassing outbursts from either of us, “So, when do we get to meet the wonderful Steve?” she asked.
I was so happy they were pleased for me. Well, okay so James wasn’t pleased exactly, but I didn’t really get the impression he was all that bothered, “I’ll bring him to meet you all next week.”


Chapter 4 – Meeting Steve…

James

“This is Steve, everyone.” Angelica beamed at us all. It didn’t even occur to her that this was breaking my heart. I couldn’t blame her. How was she supposed to know? I should have spoken up months ago – years even…
We were in the Guild; the student union bar that was frequented by most of the student body most weekends.
Steve smiled around at us all nervously. He had his arm around Angelica in that passive alpha-male dominance kind of way guys like him always seem to do. The ‘I-don’t-have-to-smash-your-face-in-to-show-that-I’m-her-guy-but-I-know-you-want-her – and-I’m-watching-you’ look. Do you know what I mean or is it just me and my wild imagination?
Anyway…
She was quite clearly smitten with him but she was still going to torture me. She squeezed into the seat next to me so that she was actually pressed up against me. I closed my eyes and tried to take in deep breaths without anyone noticing – it was too much; my jeans were thankfully the baggy style that a lot of guys favoured – and I was beginning to understand why. Something was going on down there again and let me tell you, I wasn’t gonna get up right now for anyone if you catch my drift.
I concentrated on thinking of anything that was completely boring. Quadratic equations – always a winner…
“Mugsy?”
I jumped. I was doing rather well with working out what ‘y’ had to be, “Uh, yeah?” I looked up into her beautiful eyes and had to concentrate on not sighing with pleasure just at the sight of her. This was bad. This was very, very bad…
She grinned, showing her perfectly straight white teeth. Those adorable braces when she was only thirteen had really done the trick… “Tonight? We thought we’d go into town to that new nightclub?”
My heart sank. Great. I’d be sat at the bar on my own while she danced the night away with Steve, “I think I’ve got a thing…” I said pathetically, “I might be busy.” I trailed off as the look of disappointment on her face tore a hole in my heart. Sighing and shaking my head, I totally caved, “Fine, fine – count me in.”
Carry-Ann winked at me from across the table and Josh shot me a sympathetic glance. Kyle looked at me as if I was on another planet, “It’s a nightclub, dude,” he said incredulously, in all his obtuse glory, “You hate nightclubs.”
I nodded; he was really quite unbelievable sometimes, “Yeah,” I agreed, “I know – thanks for that, dude.”

Angelica

Something was going on here. Carry-Ann and Josh were giving off a vibe. They were like cats on a hot tin roof and they kept shooting strange looks at James. Carry-Ann’s were all warning glances – and Josh just looked like he was carrying the weight of the world on his shoulders. What the hell was going on?
Steve was nervous about meeting my friends. I’d told him all about them and he’d been quite keen to meet them. Well, all of them except James, who he seemed to be a little jealous of. 
“You’re obviously very close to James.” He observed.
I frowned at him, “No more so than the others,” I lied.
“Right,” he nodded, raising an eyebrow, he added, “course not.” He narrowed his eyes at me and bit his lip. He wasn’t done with the questions, “I’m guessing you guys have a past? Did you break up because you went your separate ways or something?”
My jaw dropped, “Uh, no – absolutely not.” I said, “We’ve only ever been mates.” That was sadly so true.
Steve looked a little taken aback but he didn’t say anything else about it.
When he set eyes on James he glanced quickly back at me, before sticking his hand out, “Nice to meet you James,” he said, “I’ve heard a lot about you.”
James took his hand graciously and shook it. He raised an eyebrow in my direction and grinned, “All good, I hope.” He laughed.
Steve just laughed with him. I squeezed myself in between him and James. I don’t know what was the matter with me – but I just had to be with him. Maybe it was simply because I’d been missing my best friend – or maybe it was because in that moment, right there when he pasted on that false grin for my boyfriend and pretended like his heart wasn’t breaking, I realised that I loved him more than I would love anyone else ever – and it terrified me that sooner or later he was going to be introducing me to his girlfriend and I would do the same – paste on a big happy smile while my heart shattered, too…


Chapter 5 – The fat flamenco

James

Dressed up to the nines, well, you know – my version of it, anyway – as in, my best pair of jeans and shoes instead of my Converse All Star’s, I nervously set off to meet the others.
I really wasn’t looking forward to this. The last thing I needed was to see that jerk Steve with his tongue down Angelica’s throat all night. Not that they’d shown any signs of being all over each other up to now, but still…
Josh and Carry-Ann were waiting for me on the corner, having gone for a drink together earlier, “hey guys,” I smiled as I jogged towards them, “Where’s Kyle?”
Carry-Ann pursed her lips looking a little annoyed. “He’s got a date, apparently.” She said, “like he couldn’t have told us earlier.”
I frowned at her, my shoulders sagging as I realised that the numbers were no longer even, “Aw Carry,” I groaned, “I don’t think I can do this… I think I might give it a miss, then…” I made to turn around but she grabbed my arm firmly.
Josh was no help either. He shook his head, “What if you meet the girl of your dreams tonight?”
Carry-Ann looked at him as if he’d just grown another head, “Are you kidding me?” she asked incredulously, “He met her already.” She snapped, “He’s in love with Angelica!”
Josh’s face fell a little and he nodded, “Yeah, I do know that,” he muttered, “I was just rooting for my guy, you know? Trying to be supportive.”
Carry-Ann gave him an apologetic little smile and nodded turning back to me, “Yeah, I know,” she sighed, “He deserves to be happy.” She squeezed my arm affectionately.
I was happy… kind of. I’d have been a lot happier if Angelica was mine but the dice had landed wrongly somehow, which was a total bummer but what could I do?
We got to the nightclub. We’d been for a few drinks at the Guild before we even set off and I was feeling pleasantly fuzzy. I’d never really been any good at drinking before we got to uni, but tonight I felt the need for the slightly dulled senses – it was the only way I was going to be able to handle a whole night watching the woman I loved with someone else.
And that someone else had to be the most boring guy on the planet. Seriously? What did she see in him?
I watched them surreptitiously from where I was sat. Josh and Carry-Ann were both pretty drunk and were making out together quite embarrassingly to my left. I must have looked like a total dork sat there alone while my two best friends were all over each other but other than make an excuse to leave, there was little I could do about it.
I considered my rather limited options… I could depress myself completely by watching the way Angelica and Steve danced together or I could get up and go. The problem was that I just couldn’t stop looking at her. She was so damned beautiful and she could really move – as could I when the fancy took me. Steve on the other hand? Well, let’s just say rhythm wasn’t his ‘thang’…
As I sat there watching them, I eventually became aware that Angelica had noticed me. Damn! How long had I just been gawping at her? I tried to look away but she was smiling and beckoning me over.
I stayed where I was. She was surely looking at someone else – wasn’t she?
Ah, maybe not. She was walking towards me and then she was right there, “Come on Mugsy,” she held her hand out to me, “come and dance with me.”
I stared at her for a moment, my jaw slack, “No – I can’t…” I argued feebly.
She grabbed my hand, sending heat all up my arm and down through my stomach where it made me begin to feel a little light-headed. What she could do to me with just the slightest touch…
That song by Five Star popped into my head the slightest touch and I go crazy with desire… Don’t give me that look – my mum was a fan, okay? And besides – it’s a great tune…
I got up. She definitely had that look on her face that told me she wasn’t going to give up – and the idea of dancing with her was suddenly the only thing that mattered.
Steve frowned as we approached and I realised with a bit of a start that I was still holding her hand. I’d always loved holding her hand – from that very first day… I tried to let go but she was holding on pretty damned tight which, on reflection, was rather nice.
I loved this song that was playing, too – it was one of my current favourites and we moved well together.
Steve skulked back off to sit with the others and for a little while I allowed myself to imagine that she was mine…

Angelica

It was so wrong of me. I knew it was wrong but I couldn’t help it. Steve already thought I had a thing about James – it was the cause of most of our little disagreements and I was totally giving him even more ammunition to use against me in any future arguments we may have as a couple.
I really didn’t have a whole lot of faith in my relationship, did I?
Anyway, I was dancing and I suddenly had an idea that I was being watched.
I turned towards where James and the others had been sitting and my eyes locked onto his. He had a brooding look on his gorgeous face and a thrill of desire shot through me. He was watching me. He might not look all that happy about it but he was definitely watching me.
I smiled and walked back across to him. “Come on Mugsy,” I grinned at him. I knew he hated it when any of us called him that and I did it deliberately just to wind him up, too. “Come and dance with me.”
His eyes widened and he shook his head, darting a look over my shoulder towards Steve. He was right of course; he wasn’t gonna be exactly pleased with me, “No I really can’t.” he protested.
I looked at him and then pulled him firmly to his feet.
He followed quite happily in the end and we danced for the rest of the night. It was wonderful and reminded me of a better time – a time before I screwed everything up by not going with him to Leeds, a time before we went to separate universities and lost the special bond we’d had. I closed my eyes as I slow-danced with him at the end of the night and wished he was mine. The idea of him being with anyone else so painful that I could physically feel it. A lump had formed in my throat as he held me in arms and rested his chin gently on the top of my head. 
I squeezed my eyes shut even tighter, trying my best to stop tears forming but it was pretty useless. Thankfully it was dark enough that he didn’t notice – and I scooted off to the ladies without arousing any suspicion to dry my eyes and recompose myself.


Chapter 6 – Next morning

James

Carry-Ann groaned, as she shuffled into the kitchen in her PJ’s and slippers, “Ugh, why do you let me drink so much?”
Josh, who had been up a few minutes longer, mumbled something back at her that was completely unintelligible and I grinned, having quite a clear head.
“Anyone wanna coffee?” I asked chirpily getting up and putting my empty cereal bowl into the sink. I’d enjoyed myself the night before. Angelica and I had stayed to dance for the rest of the night. Steve had fallen asleep, allowing me to have plenty of time to talk to her and we’d really seemed to connect again the way we had before she’d gone to Liverpool.
“I miss you,” she sighed as she looked up at me with those magnificent eyes.
I nodded, trying to slow my beating heart; and commanding myself to stop reading things into what she said; she’d only meant it as a friend because that was all I ever was to her. I took a deep breath, “I miss you, too.” I admitted. What was the point in pretending otherwise? I’d been silent about my feelings for her for so long, she’d found someone else; if there was the slightest way back from that gargantuan mistake, I was taking it.
“I kind of always thought…” She trailed off, biting her lip.
“What?” I asked, looking at her puzzled.
She shook her head, “Nothing,” she gave me a bright smile and sipped on her bottle of WKD, “it doesn’t matter.”
It damned well mattered to me, but if she wasn’t going to tell me, there was little I could do about it.
A slower song came on and I gathered her to me. Putting my arms around her I closed my eyes and rested my chin on top of her head the way I always had – well, since I got tall enough to do so, anyway. To begin with we’d been practically the same height but puberty being what it is, shortly after we met, I started to grow and thankfully, I ended up quite a bit taller than her. For a perfect few minutes I pretended that it was just her and me and that Steve didn’t exist.
She put her arms around my neck and leaned her head against my chest; actually, she was a lot shorter than me these days – even in her heels and yet she still managed to fit… perfectly.

*

I shook my head. She wasn’t mine and she wasn’t with me. In fact, I frowned as I glanced at the bedroom door that was still closed, she hadn’t even surfaced yet. They were both still in there – sleeping in my premium-priced double bed accommodation – and I was on the floor in the lounge. I know; you don’t have to tell me. I’m a class one idiot; a sap, a walkover. I’ve called myself every name known to man – and a few I even made up…
Still, I was pretty confident that they wouldn’t be having sex in there. She wasn’t drunk when we got back last night – but Steve, the total lightweight, had been totally wasted. There was no way he was going to be able to perform…
The door opened a crack and her achingly familiar mass of red curls popped out. Her eyes fixed on mine immediately and her impish grin had me grinning back like a fool, “Morning,” she said in a loud whisper, “My boyfriend is still fast off. Any chance of a cup of coffee?”
I nodded bristling at the term ‘boyfriend’ he so totally didn’t deserve it. “I was just making drinks.”
She padded across the room. I watched her. She looked gorgeous in her pyjamas and bed socks – who knew they could totally rock? She leaned in close to me and kissed me on the cheek, “Thank you for being so lovely,” she said.
My heart cracked a little. I didn’t want thanks – and I didn’t want to be called lovely. I just wanted her…

Angelica

I left Steve snoring softly, flat out asleep in the room. We’d had a whispered argument the night before – about James.
“Oh, just admit it, Angelica! You want to be with him. It’s obvious.” He slurred as we made our way home – or rather, back to James’s, Josh’s and Carry’s digs.
I should have just come clean and admitted it right there and then but I was a coward – and half-way across the country from where we currently lived, with no one to go home with should he have decided to leave me. I was clearly drunk because if I’d really thought it through properly, of course I’d have got back to Liverpool safely. The others would have made sure of it, still… I was obviously in denial about the whole thing. “No, I don’t!” I insisted, “We’re friends.”
He snorted and mumbled something under his breath that I didn’t really catch but I thought it was best ignored anyway.
We all got back and bless him, James had vacated his room so we had somewhere to sleep. Steve just walked straight in, got into bed, turned his back on me quite pointedly – like withholding sex was going to really bother me – and went to sleep. I went back out to the lounge where James was preparing the sofa for his bed for the night. I stood there watching him, wondering what to do. It was all a little awkward if I’m honest. He finally realised I was there.
“Thank you.” I smiled up at him, “This is really nice of you. Are you sure you’ll be okay on the sofa?”
He smiled at me and nodded, “Sure,” he said, “Now you’d better get in there before he thinks you and I have something going on with each other.” He put his hands on either side of my waist and turned me around, pushing me gently towards the door playfully.
I rolled my eyes and tried my best to pretend that his touch didn’t send shock waves of desire through my entire body, “Yeah, okay,” I agreed a little shakily and went to bed. I spent the entire night going over the night before – every touch of our hands, his arms around me as we danced, his chin resting on my head in that achingly familiar way. Everything… Not once did I think about Steve.


Chapter 7 – Getting through….

James

Over the next couple of years, she visited a lot. Mostly with Steve but sometimes without and those weekends – the ones without him – were the best times of my life. Did I ever date anyone else? Well I’m not going to lie to you; there were a few one-night-stands after some very drunken nights, which I’m not particularly proud of but neither do I think I should be ashamed. I kind of learned to drink in the three years I was at uni – and there were a couple of girls that I dated for a while but nothing too serious.
Carry-Ann seemed to think I should date and she actively encouraged it, too. “Angelica is still going out with Boring Steve. It doesn’t seem to be a flash-in-the-pan, babe.” 
Boring Steve – that was our name for him and it was totally unkind, but sadly true. If ever there was a guy who could talk a glass eye to sleep, it was him. God only knows what Angelica saw in him… I didn’t really want to think about it.
I nodded miserably. I couldn’t understand it, but there was nothing I could do about it – even if I went to her and told her how I felt, what was she supposed to do with the information? She clearly loved the guy – and I was most definitely not on her mind. It wasn’t her fault that she didn’t feel the same way about me. It was just a cruel twist of fate that I’d fallen in love with her. I just had to accept that I was going to have to live without her being mine and carve my own way through life.
So, I dated. And I compared. And I got bored. And ultimately, I finished with them – all of them…
None of them were right... Because none of them were her.

We graduated. Joshua asked Carry-Ann to marry him and she accepted. Kyle was still going out with his boyfriend – the one he had the hot date with and never came with us to the Fat Flamenco – and, unhappily, Angelica was still with Steve…
It was her twenty-first birthday soon though and I’d got tickets to see her favourite rock band. I was thoughtful enough to buy three tickets. I wasn’t obtuse enough to think I could get away with taking her away for a weekend alone with me – but unbelievably, that was exactly what happened…
Not that it turned out the way I wanted – that was the weekend she told me she was going to marry Steve…

Angelica

“Are you serious?” I shrieked as I saw the name of the band on the tickets.
James grinned at me and nodded, his eyes dancing behind his glasses. He hardly wore them anymore – only when he’d forgotten to put his prescription in at the opticians on time and I’d forgotten how good he looked in them. They were really stylish these days, too. In fact, pretty much everything about James was pretty damned stylish these days. He was a Very Hot Dude and I might well have agreed to marry Steve – but the truth was that I was still in love with him and I probably always would be… He leaned over and kissed me on the cheek, “Happy Birthday, bezzie mate,” He said softly, “I can’t wait!”
The date of the concert was the following week. I showed the tickets to Steve excitedly. Now, I’m sure he didn’t mean to, but he definitely put a damper on things, “The twenty-seventh?” he pulled a face, “Babe, I can’t come.”
I stared up at him in dismay, “What do you mean you can’t come?” I asked, sounding like a whiney child, “What am I gonna do then? They’re, like, totally my favourite band – James’ too. He’ll be absolutely gutted if we don’t go…”
“I’m not stopping you going.” He said reasonably, “Go with James. You two will probably prefer it without me there, cramping your style, anyway.”
I frowned. He didn’t sound bitter, which was actually quite nice for a change but I sensed that something was wrong. “Well, if you’re sure…”
“I’m sure,” he smiled at me and kissed the top of my head, “So, go. Have a great time and then come back and we’ll maybe arrange a nice weekend away of our own.”
Well, that sounded pretty much perfect. I was really looking forward to going now…
 

Chapter 8 – The bombshell…

James

“I’m really glad we’ve got this weekend together.” She beamed at me over her steaming cup of coffee. 
I sipped my tea and nodded – a big silly grin on my face. I was ecstatic. Our favourite band, just the two of us and the whole weekend for me to work on her? Maybe, just maybe, she would see that I was the better option. 
“Because I wanted you, my best friend in the world, to know first...”
Oh, God. I just knew what she was going to say – I’d been expecting it for years – well, dreading it more like… My heart started to beat at double time, my palms started to sweat. No – please, not a panic attack, not now – not in front of all these people and Angelica. I closed my eyes and forced myself to breathe deeply. Thankfully, I didn’t go into meltdown. I was actually okay… “Oh, right?” I forced a well-practiced smile. I’m the master of the poker face. I’ve had years to perfect it. “What’s that, then?” Please don’t tell me you’re marrying him… please!
She nodded enthusiastically, “Uh-huh,” she smiled, “Steve proposed.”
I almost spat my tea all over the table. Instead, I swallowed it painfully – it was incredibly hot and I’d taken a huge gulp, “What did you say?” I asked hoarsely. Whether that was because the tea had been so hot, or the fact that I was trying not to cry, I’m not all that sure.
She smiled shyly, “I said yes, of course.” She said.
My world fell apart… Of course, she’d said yes. Why wouldn’t she want to marry the most boring man on the planet? Why would she want to give her best friend, who’d been in love with her since he was thirteen years old, a chance? She’d never known – and she’d never cared enough to check, either… Jesus, it really was time to move on…
Anyway, call me pathetic, but I was still happy that we’d got this one night. Okay, so it wasn’t going to make her fall madly in love with me and ditch Boring Steve, but at least it gave me the chance to have this one night to enjoy her company for the last time before I let her go once and for all. One last night before I had to finally pack up all my feelings for her and find somewhere to tuck them away in a little corner of my heart that would always belong to her – and hopefully, in time, I might find someone else to fill the void. One last night to watch our favourite band and for me to hold her while she leaned back against me and sang her heart out, just like she did every time we came to see them...
We made our way back to the hotel. I could have taken her hand but I no longer felt comfortable doing that. She didn’t belong to me; she never had, really and now it was painfully obvious that she never would.
She belonged to Steve. She’d chosen him. I was just her friend. I could do that. I could be friends. Hell, I’d been playing a blinder for pretty much the last ten years… but I couldn’t hold her hand anymore. It stirred up too many feelings in me that I could never now act on – and it was just too painful having to acknowledge that. “I’ll meet you down here at seven then, okay?” I pasted on my brightest smile.
She looked back at me a little disappointed, “Oh, okay,” she said, “I thought you might want to go for dinner first, or something…”
I frowned, “I thought you’d want to call Steve?”
She shrugged and nodded, “Yeah, I suppose so…”
I nodded and turned away from her. I couldn’t do this anymore. I needed to be by myself. She was too beautiful and far too painfully attached to someone else. I had to get away from her, “I’ll see you later,” I tossed back over my shoulder and then I made my way quickly to my room. I dialled Carry-Ann and Josh’s number.
Josh answered, “Hey, James,” he said, “how’s it going?” he sounded so upbeat and hopeful for me it made my mood sink even further. 
I pinched the bridge of my nose between my finger and thumb. I was getting the beginning of a headache and I really should have been taking something for it. It was bound to be a migraine by the end of the night, if I didn’t. “Honestly?” I said swallowing hard to try to get rid of the lump in my throat and fighting the tears that were stinging my eyes, “It’s bad. It’s really, really bad.”
I heard him draw in a sharp breath, “Go on,” he said, “What’s happened? Has Boring Steve made an appearance after all?”
Well, yes and no… “Not physically,” I growled, “but he’s here in full technicolour glory, anyway. He’s only gone and proposed to her…”
“No,” Josh breathed, “Oh God, mate,” he sounded almost as gutted as I felt, “that’s terrible.” 
I could see him in my mind’s eye; the look of disappointment on his face for me, and my heart stuttered, “Yeah,” I managed to choke out, “Is Carry there?”
“Yeah, she is – I’ll put you on speaker,” I heard a rustling noise and then I knew I’d been put on speaker as their replies sounded all echoey.
I put my head in my hands and ran my hands through my hair, “Did you know, Carry?” I asked, “Had she mentioned anything about this to you?”
She sounded as horrified as Josh did, “Honestly, mate,” she said, “I had no idea. What did she say?”
I repeated everything I could remember from the conversation. It didn’t make me feel any better really to have them both commiserate with me. “Well, I guess I should go.” I sighed, “I’m supposed to be meeting her again in half an hour.”
When I saw her later on she looked relieved to see me, “I wondered if you’d come,” she said, chewing on her lip nervously, “You seemed a bit freaked out earlier and I wondered if I’d upset you or something. Have I been a pain?”
I smiled and shook my head, “Of course not,” I said, “I was just tired…” And so utterly miserable that I might just die from a broken heart… and still so in love with you it’s killing me that you’re marrying someone else….
She smiled back at me and slipped her arm through mine. “Oh, good,” she said, “You have got the tickets, haven’t you?”
I nodded and patted my jacket pocket, “Yup,” I managed – still fighting that damned lump in my throat that seemed to have taken up permanent residency.
“Let’s go then,” she beamed up at me, taking my breath away just like she has done from the first moment I set eyes on her.
“You will come to the wedding, won’t you?” she asked as we walked down to the train station.
I nodded, my heart sinking at the mention of weddings when I wasn’t the groom… I cleared my throat, “Of course I will,” I assured her, although I wasn’t really sure I’d be able to go through with it, “I went to Josh and Carry-Ann’s – why on earth wouldn’t I come to yours?” Apart from the glaringly obvious matter of being in love with you, that is…
She just shrugged. “I just don’t really get the impression that any of you really like him…” she trailed off, looking a little embarrassed and rather hurt.
“Of course, we like him,” I said, hearing the lie in my voice even as I said it. The truth was that none of us had ever really warmed to him but it wasn’t for our lack of trying that he remained on the outside – he just didn’t seem to want to mix with us. Take tonight for the perfect example of that. He had a ticket but he just didn’t want to come. He preferred to stay at home and allow her to come away for the weekend with his biggest love rival. Okay, so that was only in my head. He, of course, was completely comfortable in the knowledge that he had absolutely no competition and could trust her implicitly…
She just shot me a small smile. “Well, the train should be here any second now.” She said peering down the tube station platform the wrong way. I chuckled; she had no idea. “What?” she asked, looking back at me indignantly.
Still chuckling I managed to answer her, “It’ll come from that way,” I pointed in the opposite direction and sure enough, it pulled in seconds later.
She laughed; her deep throaty giggle that made my stomach flip and other parts of me start to respond. I tried my best to think about equations again. This was too hard – no pun intended…
Disappointingly, the first support act weren’t great – which was a real shame because the last time we’d been to see them, the support had been absolutely superb. Anyway, it wasn’t the end of the world and it gave us a good excuse to have a drink. We made our way to the bar while they were on.
I got us a couple of bottles of beer each and passed hers to her.
The second support band started and it became almost impossible to speak to each other – thankfully they were a lot better than the first ones… We’d got a spot to stand in that had a barrier just in front of us and it was the perfect place to put our beers. I reached for mine at exactly the same time as she did. I’d been careful not to touch her since she’d told me about the wedding and so when our hands brushed together, I snatched my hand away quickly. She looked up at me questioningly. I blushed and tried to look away but my eyes seemed to have developed a mind of their own and they just wouldn’t leave hers.
She edged closer and I leaned in involuntarily. This was getting intense. I had to tell her; I opened my mouth to just blurt it all out, I love you – it’s always been you. I’d been practicing it in my head for the past seven years at least… “Angel…” I started and she looked up at, her eyes bright with anticipation.
Suddenly there was a bit of a kerfuffle behind us and we got jostled. The drinks got spilled all down us and onto the floor. I steered her away just in case it all kicked off. We didn’t want to be thrown out for being in the wrong place at the wrong time and miss her favourite song...
By the time we’d found somewhere else to stand the moment had been lost and we were back to being just mates at a gig…

Angelica

“Angel…” My heart took off at a gallop. No one ever called me that except James – and he reserved it for really special times, my fourteenth birthday when he presented me with the new album of our favourite band – the one we were here to see tonight actually; our prom, when he told me I was the prettiest girl in the room and when we were leaving each other for university… That was when I almost told him how I felt – and I so wished now that I had…

He was holding me in his arms and I had mine wrapped around him, feeling that I never wanted to let go – because nothing would ever be the same again once I did… “Angel, I’m going to miss you so much.”
I nodded, “Me too, I can’t believe I’m going to be on my own – and you three will all be having a wild time without me.” I closed my eyes; what had I been thinking going to Liverpool without them all?
He loosened his arms and leaned away from me, smiling his beautiful smile, “You’ll be fine,” he said, “You’ll probably meet Mr Right and he’ll sweep you off your feet – and you’ll wonder why you wasted so much of your time with me.”
I shook my head, “I doubt that,” I said with a chuckle. The truth was I didn’t want or need to find Mr Right. He was stood right there in front of me. My very own Mr Right was James Mugford – or Mugsy as we’d affectionately nick-named him within hours of finding out his surname.

That was so long ago now but I had the same feeling as I looked up at him; a sort of hope that he was going to tell me something life-changing… “What?” I asked. We’d just gone to get a drink since the support bands were so awful (well, the second one was okay I guess) and we’d found the perfect spot to watch.
I know he was about to say something really important to me when a fight broke out just behind us. Well, wasn’t that just flaming typical?
James, being first and foremost a total gentleman, steered me away from them to safety. I looked up at him expectantly as soon as we were away from any problems but the moment had been lost. He grinned back down at me, “And we didn’t spill a drop,” he quipped as he clinked his beer against mine even, though we’d both lost about half a bottle a piece.
I felt frustrated that he never said what he was going to say. I had a sense of foreboding that I’d missed out on something – on someone – that meant more to me than anyone else. I’d agreed to marry Steve and I had absolutely no idea why, now that I was leaning up against James with his arms casually slung around me as we swayed to the heavy rock beat. This was where I belonged, right here, with James. I just knew it my heart of hearts. I had to put things right, somehow. I just didn’t have a clue how to do it…


Chapter 9 – Devastation…

James

“So?” Carry-Ann stuck her face in mine as soon as I walked in to their house.
I sometimes felt a little bit like the sad-git mate that they felt obliged to have around on an almost constant basis – but really, I knew they didn’t feel like that about me; they really did care.
So, what?” I asked miserably as Josh handed me a beer and sat back down at the kitchen table.
I pulled out the chair beside him and sat down too. Carry-Ann flitted around the kitchen for a couple more minutes and then taking the offered glass of red wine from Josh with a loving smile she turned to me, “What happened?”
I sighed and shook my head, “Nothing, as usual – apart from the fact that she’s agreed to marry him.”
We all still mostly manage to meet up once every couple of month for drinks – all with the exception of Kyle, whose job had taken him off to Australia but we even manage to keep in touch with him – and his boyfriend Serge, through Skype. I see Josh and Carry-Ann far more often than the others of course, only living around the corner and – just like now – popping in most days.
Carry-Ann shook her head, looking absolutely gobsmacked, “She’s really still marrying him?” she squawked, “After spending the weekend with you alone? You’ve got to be freaking joking?”
I shook my head miserably. I’d had such plans to sweep her off her feet, charm her with my sparkling personality and then finally, confess that I loved her more than anything in the world and ask her to be my girlfriend. Of course, all those plans were quashed she instant she mentioned Steve and his proposal… “Nope,” I said thickly, “the invitations are on their way apparently. She wanted to tell me first because I’m her best friend.” I said it sarcastically to cover the wobble in my voice but I didn’t pull it off all that well; Josh and Carry-Ann still gave me that sympathetic look they’ve been giving me for the past God knows how many years. I blinked a couple of times and took a swig of my beer.
Carry-Ann shrugged, she never usually lets me forget how stupid I am about her – and she still bangs on that I should tell her most of the time, but for once she kept her counsel. She looked at me, a steely glint in her eye and shook her head confidently, “It’s not over till the fat lady sings.” She said.
I fixed her with an exasperated look, “Oh, sure,” I said, “right. Okay – let’s suppose I tell her?” I banged my bottle of beer down with a little more force than I intended to, making them both jump; smiling at them apologetically I continued with my little rant a tad more quietly, “what’s she gonna do? Call the wedding off?”
Carry-Ann bit her lip. “I don’t know.” She sighed, “She might. I’m damned sure she would if you would only tell her. She loves you. She always has! You should have told her years ago.” She grumbled. “Then I’d be being a bridesmaid to my two favourite friends instead of just one of them.”
What she’d just said struck a nerve with me. Had they actually discussed this between the two of them before? “Has she ever given you any idea that she likes me that way?” I asked in bemusement. After all Carry-Ann has always liked to tell me what to do, but I don’t recall her ever saying that it was a sure thing…
Carry-Ann looked away uncomfortably. It took her a few moments to answer, which actually made me wonder if Angel had ever said anything… “No, I don’t suppose she has. Not as such… but still…”
We pulled a face at each other. She was right of course, I should have told her years back – it was far too late now. Because really, how was I supposed to tell her now that she’d sent out the invitations to her wedding? Talk about awkward.
Not least because I’m not even sure she has ever seen me in that way. And why would she? I’ve never given her an inkling of the way I really feel about her. I’ve never asked her on a date. Sure, we’ve been to the pictures together a few times when we were younger but pathetic idiot that I am, I never even held her hand – and I loved holding her hand.
In the past, I felt awkward about my feelings and I was so afraid of her rejection and the possibility that we may not even be friends anymore if she knew just how much I fancied her that I kept my mouth shut and stupidly pretended that I only liked her as a mate.

*

Kyle and Serge were back from Australia for a few weeks – amazingly they were still going to be around for the wedding and had of course agreed to go.
“I always thought you two might end up together,” Kyle grinned at me. We were out for the evening – the six of us and I was sat next to Angelica, as usual. Steve had bailed out, saying he had some work thing – well, that’s what he said anyway and as long as he wasn’t there, I’ve got to admit, I didn’t really care.
I shook my head and forced a grin, “Nah – we’re just mates – always have been, always will be.” Soulmates…
Angelica was a bit quiet. I guess with the wedding looming, she might have a lot on her mind. I was still hoping she might have a change of heart but deep down, I knew that wasn’t likely. They’d been a couple for a long time; they must have really loved each other – and it was far too late for me to tell her now.
Talk about your bad timing. Now I know how wrong it would be to open up about the way I felt – had always felt about her. I would never want to ruin her relationship with ‘The One’…
This of course brings me to my next point. In fact, this is what bothers me the most. This is the whole point, actually. What if I am really The One? What if it really is me she’s been waiting for all her life and Steve coming along has just complicated matters – muddied the waters somehow. What if he’s just a fly in the ointment?
Am I just deluding myself or should I tell her and give her the benefit of having all the facts to make a properly informed decision?
Yeah, I know what you’re thinking. I go over it all the time in my head – too late. Honestly, you don’t have to tell me that...
I was pondering this very point when I was surprised to see a text message from her. She wanted to meet me alone – at Starbucks… Our favourite haunt. My heart skipped a beat…

Angelica

I got home. Steve was there waiting for me. “Good night?” he asked brightly.
I nodded. I’d been out with the guys and it had been absolutely wonderful – as usual. Steve never wanted to come out with us when we had our nights out. He used to get all jealous and snippy about me going without him but just recently he’s stopped complaining about it and goes out with his own mates instead.
“Who was there?” he asked,
I smiled, “Everyone,” I said. It was true – even Kyle and Serge were there. They’d come home for six weeks to see their respective families, which was fantastic because it meant they’d be able to come to our wedding before they went back.
He smiled and nodded, Cool,” he said, “Coming to bed?”
I nodded again and forced a smile. I was fighting the feeling of utter desolation that the weekend I’d just had with James would likely never be repeated. It was our last ‘date’ – not that we’d ever dated but I felt almost bereaved… The devastation that I’d never come home to James like this was threatening to overwhelm me. It felt so wrong being here. Steve was a lovely guy – but he wasn’t James… and I loved James. I loved James so much the idea of not being with him was beginning to crush me. I wanted him more than I can actually explain – it was like a physical pain being apart from him and I wished with all my heart that he was here now so I could tell him that I loved him.
And it was at that moment when it hit me with such force that I loved James. The words actually popped out of my mouth, quite against my will… I stood there in the doorway and just blurted it out, “I love James.” I gasped and stared at Steve with my hands over my mouth – as if that was going to change anything. I couldn’t believe I’d just done that.
Steve smiled sadly at me and nodded, “I know you do.” He said, “I’ve actually just finished cancelling everything.”
I stared at him, my mouth open, “What?”
He let out a huge sigh and nodded, “I cancelled the church, the cars, the reception,” he looked at me a little apologetically, “splitting it fifty/fifty, that means you owe me around two hundred and fifty quid…”
I nodded. Two hundred and fifty quid was nothing compared to making the biggest mistake of my life, “How did you know?” I asked quietly, “About James, I mean…?”
He rolled his eyes, “Oh, Angelica,” he sighed, “I’ve always known…” he smiled sadly at me, “I’ve tried to convince myself that I’ve been being paranoid – but the way you two light up when you’re together,” he shook his head and sighed, “it’s almost like the light goes out again when you come home. I don’t want to be the guy you’re settling for – I don’t want to be the guy anyone settles for. I want you to love me the way you love him – and I know you never will, so…”
My eyes filled with tears. I hated that I’d done that to him – but I couldn’t deny it either. “I’m really sorry…” 
His grin broadened, “Come here.” he held his arms out and I flew to him.
His arms came around me and he hugged me close. It was comforting and warm – but I felt nothing other than friendliness from him – and that wasn’t enough – not for either of us. “Better to cancel now than in another couple of months when we have to pay the full price for everything.” He murmured. 
I nodded, “True.” I mumbled.
“Coffee?” he asked.
I nodded, and we wandered through into the kitchen. He snapped the kettle on and turned to me with a smile, “I guess I’ve always known that I couldn’t compete with him. To begin with, I thought it was just me feeling like an outsider to a really tight group – but it went so much deeper than that. You two, I don’t know – it’s like you’re… soulmates or something.” He passed me my coffee.
My heart leapt in my chest. He was absolutely right. James was my soulmate. I adored him – always had. I put my hands around my cup and closed my eyes. A vision of James’s beautiful eyes flashed behind my eyelids. I needed to tell him…
I jumped as Steve spoke up again, “You belong with him – not me. He lights you up and that’s when you’re at your best.” He sighed, “I love you Angelica – but probably not the way he does. I think you deserve to be loved like that – and I think I need to find someone who makes me feel the way James feels about you.”
I nodded with my mouth slightly open. It was the best way to be dumped ever…


Chapter 10 – Oh wow!

James

She’s always running late, whatever the occasion, so I’m sat on my own in the middle of Starbucks sipping my tea. (Yes, I know it’s a coffee joint, but I prefer tea thanks very much and they do a very nice one here too).
“Mugsy!” 
I turn in my seat towards the doors. My heart starts thumping a little faster. There she is all pink nosed from the cold air outside, with her bright pink bobble hat clashing horribly with her red hair.
I wave and grin and she bounces over to me. The colour of her hair has changed subtly over the years. Where it used to be totally carrot coloured, she now enhances the colour carefully and she is a vision of rich auburn-red beauty before my hungry eyes.
I’ve got to say, I was more than a little surprised by her text, asking to meet me.
She was very cryptic – said something about wanting to ask me a favour. I’ve no idea what that could be, but I really hope she isn’t going to ask me to give her away or anything. I don’t think my poor broken heart could take that. 
Anyway, I’ve decided that it’s now or never. Either I tell her how I feel now or forever hold my peace... “Hi Angelica,” I try to sound upbeat, but my heart isn’t in it and I just know she isn’t convinced.
“Hey, what’s up?” she frowns at me with her head on one side. (See what I mean? She always was very perceptive).
“I uh, I’m glad you called, ‘cause I really need to talk to you,” I can hear the wobble in my voice and I really hope I can hold it together long enough to tell her – if I don’t manage it now it’s all over. She’ll marry him and I’ll have to leave the country…
I look up at her, trying to gauge her reaction. She’s looking at me through slightly narrowed eyes and my nerve almost fails me... almost.
I take a deep breath. “You know I love you, Angelica.” There. I said it. I grant you it didn’t come out quite the way I intended it to. It’s still too much in the ‘friend’ zone.
You see that’s the problem when you’ve been friends forever – you can’t get out of the zone. Still she might have caught on to the desperation in my voice and in any case, I did say the words “I love you.”
Aw, who am I kidding? They were so well disguised you’d have to be Einstein to realise what I meant, but still – it’s out there now and I can’t take it back.
She looks at me hard. I can’t work out what she’s thinking. “I love you too.” She says, quite matter-of-factly. 
She takes me quite by surprise with that. I’m starting to over analyse everything again. My face is probably screwed up in concentration. What am I supposed to say now? I decide to keep schtum. I can’t risk saying something wrong now. “Um, okay.” (Well, I had to say something...)
“Mugsy,” she starts again. I give her a pained expression at the use of my stupid nickname from school. “Sorry, I mean James.” She amends, grinning ruefully.
I smile. She is instantly forgiven. “Yes, Angel.”
She takes a deep breath and lets it all go again. “I’m not getting married, after all.”
My mouth drops open. The Wedding was the event of the decade. It’s all I’ve heard about for the last few months. What’s going on? I can’t deny I’m high-fiving myself in my head, but still, she must be hurting.
“You’re not?” I try to look serious but I just know my lips are twitching into a smile. I press my lips together, willing myself to remain solemn. The whole time my mind is singing that Blur song that goes “Woohoo”.
I’m dying to jump up and dance around like an idiot, but somehow, I manage to remain in my seat. I’m stirring my tea with the little wooden stick for something to do with my hands to prevent them from punching the air in victory...
“I’m not,” she agrees firmly. “We called it off – because, you see… there’s someone else...”
Of course! How silly of me – someone else. Isn’t there always? The clouds start to form above my head again as I sink into a new, all time low. I might have known. There’s always someone else in the picture. I’m always on the outside with my nose pressed against the glass…
Oh, well, I try to comfort myself with the fact that at least she had all the information at her fingertips and she made her informed decision. A life of being single was all I was destined for obviously. The Eternal Bachelor...
“Oh, I see...” I drop my gaze to the table. My eyes are getting hot. Thank God I’m wearing my glasses and she won’t see the moisture gathering. I blink a few times to clear them again before I chance a glance at her.
She smiles at me with that knowing look of hers. “I’m not getting married to Steve,” she says gently, “because... well... when I really look at my life and my... future, I see myself with someone else.” She is gazing at me with those hypnotic eyes and I’m drowning.
“Someone else?” I murmur, trying hard to not look too hopeful. 
There’s something about the way she’s looking at me that’s giving me the distinct impression I could be that someone else, but, hell, this could just be my own wishful thinking. It could still all go horribly wrong here and who knows, she might have met David Beckham or someone equally as impressive...
She rolls her eyes and swears softly under her breath. Then she grins at me, “You, you daft git. It’s you. You’re the one I see myself with,” She has gone bright red all the way down her neck.
I’m blushing too – and grinning like the village idiot. “You mean it? Me?”
She reaches across and takes my hand. Her hands are warm and soft. I definitely wasn’t imagining that moment back at the concert.
“I mean it.” She’s still all pink in the face and looking heartily embarrassed.
I don’t need any further invitation. This is the moment I have been waiting for all my life. Pushing my chair out, I stumble to my feet and move around the table to her side. I pull her to her feet and gather her to me. Then I kiss her right there in front of all the other customers. There’s a huge cheer from them all and we break apart and laugh, just staring into each other’s eyes in wonder.
“So, how long have you felt like this?” I ask, feeling all at once elated but at the same time, a teensy bit sorry for the heartbroken groom.
She looks me right in the eye. “Oh, James,” She says with a little sigh that makes my legs feel all wobbly and I have to sit back down, “It’s always been you,” She shakes her head and smiles, “It just took me a while to figure that out. I think it was when we went to the concert, you know. We just...”
I nod, grinning. “I know what you mean. We just…connect.”
She smiles. “Yeah, we always did.”
I couldn’t agree more.


Angelica

All the way to the coffee shop I’m bricking it. What if he doesn’t turn up? What if I get there and he tells me he’s met someone else? These questions just keep going round and round in my head. 
I get to the door and without checking if he’s in there or not, I take a deep, steadying breath and grab a hold of the handle. Almost immediately I spot him. He’s sitting in our favourite spot. Thank God. At least he’s here…
I walk over to him on slightly unsteady legs. This is the most nerve-wracking thing I’ve ever done in my life. Still, if something like this doesn’t make you nervous, then it isn’t really worth doing, I guess.
I start by confessing all; in fact, I couldn’t get it off my chest fast enough, “I’m not getting married after all…” I blurt out. I’m trying to gauge his reaction but he’s being incredibly poker faced about the whole thing. Come on James – give me a sign… 
“You’re not? He asks, but he doesn’t even follow it up with the ‘why?’ I was banking on. I was going to come back with ‘because of you…’ and see where it would take us. He was playing hard-ball and he wasn’t even aware of it…
“I’m not,” I agreed firmly. “We called it off – because, you see… there’s someone else...” Phew. I knew I’d be able to get it in somewhere. Now I could totally tell him how I felt.
His face, which I have to admit, looked slightly hopeful a second ago – has changed. His eyes have gone all dull again and he’s giving me that look – the sceptical one he reserves just for me when I say something he doesn’t want to hear… “Oh, I see...” he mumbles and he won’t even look at me anymore. Suddenly the table seems to be the most interesting thing in the room as he stares at it. I can’t help it, I look down to see what he’s looking at. Seriously? A drip of coffee is more interesting than me?
Finally, he looks back up at me. His eyes look a little watery. I try again. Please don’t let him have already moved on. Please… I smile at him, hope filling me with a confidence I’m not all that confident about. “I’m not getting married to Steve,” I say softly, “because... well... when I really look at my life and my... future, I see myself with someone else.” My heart is going nineteen to the dozen. I can feel myself getting hot all over and I’m quite unable to tear my gaze away from his. It’s like there’s this magnetic field surrounding us and holding us there.
“Someone else?” he murmurs, a little frown creasing his brow. His eyes are brighter but he looks scared. I’m scared too. Are we really both on the same page here or is it all in my head? Is it totally my wishful thinking? 
Finally, I can take it no more. I’m going to have to confess that I’m his – if he wants me. And I wouldn’t blame him one bit if he decided against me. Still, I have to try. A moment of acute embarrassment and shame if I’m wrong about this is nothing compared to all the wonderful things we might have ahead, so I take another deep breath and give myself an internal pep talk before I look at him again. He’s definitely not on the same page – he thinks I’m going to tell him there’s someone else that isn’t him. I can tell – he’s got that exact same defeated look about him he had when Rosemary Fisher told him she’d rather go out with Kyle back in year nine…
Poor James. It had taken him weeks to pluck up the courage to ask her out. I said I’d go with him for moral support.
He made me stand around the corner so he didn’t lose his nerve. I didn’t really get that. I’d have wanted him there holding my hand while I did the asking – but then again, I’d have been asking him so I guess the point is moot…
He came back around the corner, his shoulders sagging and his face forlorn. “She said no.” he tried to smile but it really wasn’t happening on his face.
I smiled back sympathetically, “Oh, never mind,” I really tried my best to sound as though I was sorry but I couldn’t have been happier. Rosemary Fisher wasn’t the nicest of girls – and she was far too experienced with boys too. She’d have corrupted him…
“She said she’d rather go out with Kyle.” He gave me an incredulous stare and I started to giggle.
“Do you think she was joking?” I asked, “Can’t she tell?”
He shrugged and started laughing with me, his beautiful eyes crinkling at the edges the way they always do when he laughs.
Anyway… I can’t help the silly grin spreading over my face when I finally, after all these years of knowing he was the only one for me, I’m actually telling him the way I feel about him. It feels so good to finally say it… “You, you daft git. It’s you. You’re the one I see myself with.” I must be blushing like a beacon but I don’t care. I’ve been in love with him since I was thirteen years old – and it’s way past time he knew.
He’s gone a little pink too. How cute is that? “You mean it? Me?” he sounds so utterly shocked it’s adorable. Why doesn’t he see himself the way I do?
I reach for his hand. I’ve always loved holding hands with him. His hands are so big and soft and warm.  “I mean it.” I say with utter conviction.
I watch with wide eyes as he shoves his chair out backwards and stands up. He comes around my side of the table and pulls me to my feet. His face is inches away from mine and my heart is thumping in my chest and I swear I can hear angels singing – oh, no, it’s the piped music through the shop but still, this moment is magical and it will remain imprinted on my brain forever… Our first kiss.
His lips are soft and warm – and they caress mine perfectly. I realise we’re in a coffee shop in the middle of town and the place is heaving with shoppers having a quick break but I don’t care, I slide my arms around his neck and twirl my fingers in his dark hair. Damn, I’ve wanted to do that for years… Finally, as the whole place is cheering, we break apart, both laughing a little with embarrassment.
James takes a little bow and I grin around like a fool before we both sit down again.
 “So, how long have you felt like this?” he asks.
I don’t know how to explain everything to him. I don’t even really know myself why I went out with Steve for so long and I really don’t know what possessed me to agree to marry him– I think it was because I was away from James for so long and Carry-Ann kept telling me he was okay and that he was dating other girls – and whenever I asked if he was really happy, she sounded quite convincing when she told me that he was.
Anyway, I’m not blaming Carry-Ann. I made all of those decisions – as bad as they were. It was time to tell him the way I’d always felt about him though, “Oh, James,” I let out a sigh, relieved that I’m finally telling him mixed with a little sadness that it’s taken so long to get to this stage, “It’s always been you, it just took me a while to figure that out.” I smile sheepishly at him, “I think it was when we went to the concert, you know. We just...”
The wonderful thing about falling in love with your best friend that you’ve known for years and years is that you kind of almost communicate telepathically. He grins and nods, “I know what you mean.” He says entwining his fingers with mine, “We just… connect.”
“Yeah,” I agree, “we always did.”


Epilogue


Two years later

James

“Do I look okay?” My tie won’t tie properly – well, it’s one of those stupid cravat things actually and I’m getting it spectacularly wrong.
Josh looks at me and rolls his eyes. “Dude, she fell in love with you when you looked like a cross between Will McKenzie and Maurice Moss – I really don’t think you have a problem.” He says as he expertly changes the useless piece of fabric around my neck into a perfect cravat. How the hell does he do that?
I nod, nice analogy – thanks for that Josh. I was being silly but this was a really big deal for me. I was marrying the girl of my dreams today – and somehow or other she felt the same way about me and it was finally our reality.
Of course, us being in love with each other had been our perfect reality for two years now. We’d confessed our love for each other after years of pretending otherwise and it has been the best two years of my life so far.
When she’d agreed to marry me, it was a bit of defining moment in our lives. “Seriously?” my jaw dropped. She really was saying yes to me?
She looked at me a little perplexed, “Uh, yeah.” She nodded, “Why? Have you changed your mind already? You only asked me, like, two minutes ago dude.”
I laughed, relief flooding through me, “Definitely not but you know – I was just…” I bit my lip and trailed off. It wasn’t exactly fair of me to bring up her past disastrous engagement…
She had that knowing look on her face again – a downside perhaps to the ‘we’ve-been-best-friends-for-years-and-now-that-we’re-lovers-we-know-exactly-what-each-other’s-feeling’ thing we’ve got going on… “I never loved Steve.” She said firmly, “I was fooling myself. I thought you knew that.”
I nodded, “I know, I’m sorry.”
She squeezed my hand, “You don’t have to be sorry, James,” she said softly, “I’ll never be able to put right what I got so terribly wrong for all those years. I can’t tell you how much I regret going to Liverpool instead of coming to Leeds with the rest of you – but I can’t change it either.”
I hugged her to me. It didn’t matter one iota anymore. She’d made her decision – it was the right one for her at the time. And I certainly never considered changing my options, either. I was going to Leeds and that was that. I could have changed courses and gone with her – a decision I’d come to regret too but only if I dwelled on it for too long, which I tried my best not to. “No regrets.” I said firmly, squeezing her hand back gently and kissing her on the end of her cute little nose, “So, you’ll definitely marry me then?” She rolled her eyes and nodded. I couldn’t help it, it just slipped out, “Wow.”

Angelica

“You’re sure I don’t look like a tomato?”
Carry-Ann – who is six months pregnant and glowing like only a six-month pregnant, utterly beautiful and confident young woman can, gives me an exasperated look. “For goodness sake, Angelica, you look stunning.”
“But the redness,” I wail as I looked at myself in the mirror, “The hideous blotches,” You see this is the problem of being a redhead. Oh sure, it’s the most sought after colour for women to choose to dye their hair – but for us ‘au naturels’ it’s a bit of big freaking pain in the rear end. You see it’s not just the bright red hair – it’s the paler than pale skin, with the propensity to turn red at the slightest of triggers – and today I’m nervous and so the redness emerges in all its technicolour glory.
“You look radiant,” Carry-Ann says with a grin, “And James is going to be blown away.”
I sigh at the mention of my wonderful man. I nod, feeling the nerves start to melt away in that moment. “I wonder what he’ll look like,” I say dreamily.
Carry Ann shrugs, “Just like he always does, I’m guessing, Will McKenzie from ‘The Inbetweeners’.” I throw a cushion at her.

*

Dad clears his throat and looks at me with slightly glassy eyes, “Ready?” he asks.
I nod enthusiastically, “Oh hell yeah!” I reply, bouncing on the spot with ill-concealed excitement.
“Really, Angelica,” he admonishes me gently, “It’s a church. Watch your language.”
I stare at him, wondering what I’ve said that could be deemed as swearing.
He gives me a look and I work back over the conversation. Hell, yeah – ohhhh, right. I nod and shoot him an apologetic smile. No doubt he’s worrying that we’ll be struck down by a bolt of lightning any second now…
Carry-Ann has agreed to be my maid of honour even though she’s the size of a house – her words not mine – and she is stood just ahead of me, dressed in the most flattering pale lilac dress and looking absolutely beautiful; the swell of her stomach only just visible. Her dark hair looks fabulous in swirling curls all down her back. She is carrying a small bouquet that matches my slightly bigger one.
My dress is white. I cannot pull off cream for love nor money and the other options, pink or yellow – err, no thanks…
The music starts up. I start to march down the aisle, dragging my dad along behind me. Dad has to put a steadying hand on my arm to stop me from breaking into a full sprint. I honestly cannot wait to marry James!
I see him standing there, facing the front; Josh turns around and smiling broadly he nudges James in the side. James turns. My breath catches in my throat, Will McKenzie indeed, he looks utterly stunning. His dark hair is slightly shorter than usual and for once, perfectly neat. His suit, that matches Josh’s and my dad’s and his dad’s, oh, yes – we’ve gone for the whole ensemble, looks absolutely perfect on him.
I am by his side long before I’m supposed to be. I grin up at him, “Hi,” I say, unable to keep the excitement that is coursing through me out of my voice.
He grins back at me, “Hi,” he replies, amusement in his voice at my exuberance, “You look beautiful.”
“So, do you,” I say. Josh clears his throat and looks at us both expectantly. “So, do you,” we say in unison making him chuckle.
The vicar smiles down at us indulgently and then he gets started, “…We are gathered here today…”
I say my vows word-perfectly, as does James and finally after all the singing of the hymns, the signing of the registers and the photographs (not forgetting the ‘you may kiss your bride’ – which he does – with gusto) it’s time for our reception. 
Neither James nor I are really comfortable with being centre of attention but we rise to the occasion magnificently – dancing to ‘I won’t give up’ by Jason Mraz for the first dance. I sway along with him in time to the music and he sings the words to me, making me get all tearful.
“Hey, why are you crying?” he looks at me in concern, “You’re not having second thoughts already are you?”
I laugh and punch him on the arm, “As if?” I scoff, “You just never fail to surprise me.”
He cocks his head to one side; I smile up at him, “You’re the best thing to ever happen to me, do you know that?”
He nods, smiling at me knowingly, “And you’re the best thing that ever happened to me too,” he says softly catching a stray lock of hair and tucking it behind my ear before he leans in and kisses me softly on the lips, “I love you, I’ve always loved you – and I will always love you.”
I smile back at him and nod, “Through thick and thin.” I say.
“Thick and thin,” he agrees.


The End




Just before you go…

A request from the author…

Thank you for reading Friends. If you enjoyed this book, I would be grateful if you could help others enjoy it too. Please help other readers find it by recommending it to your friends and/or discussion groups. Please tell other readers why you liked it by reviewing it. Your help is greatly appreciated.


Out Now…

Operation Boyfriend

“You know, I’ve been thinking…”
I lifted my head off the cushion I was all nestled up on and looked across at my best bud and confidante, “What?” I asked.
Dallas looked up from his task – he was painting my toenails for me – bright red – and yes, they looked absolutely fantastic. His beautiful hazel eyes danced and the corners of his mouth were curved up in a cheeky grin, “It’s really quite a plan,” he said gleefully, “– I’m very proud of myself of thinking up such a fine plan,” he paused for effect. Seeing that I was completely intrigued his grin broadened, “Well, to be honest,” he shrugged modestly, “– it’s a total no-brainer really. You just have to make him jealous.” He was referring to my very recent break-up with my boyfriend Danny Tanganelli. A very good-looking but very untrustworthy guy that I’d fallen head over heels in love with during the first couple of weeks of starting uni. He’d been really attentive to start with, but as the weeks passed he seemed to spend less and less time with me – and more and more time with other girls – one girl in particular… Dallas put the brush back in the bottle and screwed the lid shut. He held up my foot and blew lightly across his handiwork to aid the drying. It felt nice.
“Jealous?” I looked at him doubtfully. “Danny slept with someone else, Dal, so I’m not sure jealousy is going to rate very highly in his range of emotions towards me – and I clearly wasn’t good enough for him to wait for,” I blushed as I spoke; it wasn’t easy talking about my total lack of sexual experience – even to Dallas, who was about the most understanding person I knew – and have ever known come to that, “– what on earth could I do to make him want me back?”
Dallas shrugged, “He just needs to see what he’s missing,” he grinned confidently and leaned forward slightly to grab my other leg so he could make a start on the next foot – his enthusiasm was catching. I found myself grinning back at him as he planted a little kiss on my ankle.
I loved it when he really grinned – it was the only time the dimple in his right cheek was obvious – and I’d always loved that dimple…
I raised an eyebrow, “Go on then,” I said with a laugh, “– I’m listening.”
He leaned in towards me conspiratorially and lowered his voice to just above a whisper, “If you’ve got a new boyfriend – one that loves and adores you – one that positively worships the ground you walk on – and tells everyone how absolutely fantastic you are – he’s gonna want you back, like that.” Dallas snapped his fingers. The snap was very impressive.
I looked at him bemused; his plan sounded pretty good – but how the hell was it gonna work? “Well, okay – that’s as maybe,” I agreed, “but where am I gonna find myself such a perfect boyfriend?” I looked at him perplexed.
My jaw dropped as he pushed my leg off his lap, stood up and swept a bow. “Look no further – I’m right here.” He said sitting back down and pulling my leg back onto his lap. He picked up the bottle of nail polish and gave it a little shake. Unscrewing the lid he very precisely got rid of the excess and carefully started applying the bright red polish to my big toe, a big sappy grin on his face.
I gaped at him; Dallas and I had been friends for a long time and between you and me, I’d always suspected he was gay – well, he was painting my toenails like it was an every-day activity for him – and he was incredibly good at it too… my toes looked almost as good as his finger nails which were a perpetual shade of high gloss black…
We met during the first few hours of fresher’s week at uni – we literally ran into each – and we’ve been really good friends ever since. I really liked him – the idea of us being ‘together’ together, however, was frankly absurd and not something I’d ever considered – I grant you he already had a girlfriend when we met – or so he said but I honestly thought she was just a cover... Like me, he’s single right now; I guess that’s why he’s spending so much time with me, since they apparently finished a couple of months ago, but even then, it never occurred to me to think about him in that way. We were just mates – and I rather thought things were pretty much perfect the way they were between us. No one would believe it if we suddenly announced that we were ‘together’ together… most people thought he was my gay best friend – although in all fairness that was probably because it was the way I described him to everyone, but still… “You?” I asked doubtfully.
He nodded, “Me.” He said looking totally smug. He screwed the cap down on the bottle and blew my toenails again on my other foot, making a shiver go up my leg. There was no denying it – gay or not, he was a sensual guy… “Are you up for ‘Operation Boyfriend’ or what? Because I promise you – I’ll be the best boyfriend you ever had.”
Well, that I could believe since I only had one other guy to compare him to and that was Danny the cheater. I couldn’t help it – I grinned back at him, “Hell, yeah.” I said. This might actually be kind of fun… 

*

It didn’t occur to me that it was a rather strange thing for Dallas to suggest – there was absolutely no love lost between him and Danny – in fact he spent most of his time with a scowl on his face whenever I mentioned him – so why he thought it would be a good idea for me to get back together with him was anyone’s guess.
Anyway, like I said; we met on our first day at uni – I was hurtling around the corner of the library trying to catch up with my two new friends, Celeste and Sinead; he was coming the other way – a takeaway cup and cake in his hands. I crashed straight into him and the drink and cake went everywhere. 
“Whoa!” he yelled backing up quickly and taking in the mess that was left of his cake – all over me… “Oh, my God! I’m so sorry…” he looked down at me in concern. 
I looked up and almost swooned – it’s not every day you crash into Adonis… The first thing I noticed was his hair – dark and long and kind of curly – well, it was really damp and drizzly that day and it was beginning to curl up. He offered his hand and I took it eagerly. 
He pulled me up and smiled apologetically, “Are you okay?” he asked, his eyes searching mine, “I know I’m not exactly your rugby player type but you’re tiny!”
I smiled back at him, “It’s fine,” I laughed at his worried face, “I wasn’t watching where I was going either.” I glanced at his coffee spattered tee shirt and jeans in dismay; here he was all concerned about me and I’d made such a mess of his clothes – you could hardly tell on me with my dark jeans and equally dark tee shirt, but he clearly took care with the way he dressed – red jeans and a checked red white and blue shirt – with red Converse All Stars.
“I’ll buy you another drink and cake,” I offered, “It’s the least I can do – and I’ll wash your clothes when I go to the launderette,” I added for good measure.
He grinned at me and shook his head, “Thanks – that’s really kind of you but I’m good – I can’t take advantage of you like that – it was just an accident – I’m Dallas by the way.” He stuck out his hand.
I grabbed his hand and shook it, smiling back at him and wondering where I’d seen him before. He was so familiar but I just couldn’t put my finger on it – and then it hit me – I had seen him before – the last time I’d come to look around. I’d seen him on the train; my heart sank as I remembered. He’d been sleeping, his head had been tucked right into his friend’s neck and his mouth had been slightly open. His friend, who was taller and built like a Greek God had been looking out of the window with his arm securely around this guy’s back. They hadn’t looked like friends – they’d looked far too intimate for that. Dallas was gay – I was sure of it.
So – that was how we met and we got chatting over a coffee together. I never mentioned seeing him on the train – and he never mentioned having a boyfriend. I told him what I was studying and to my delight, I found he was going to be in my English class. Obviously since neither of us knew anyone else in the class, we ended up sitting together…
He smiled shyly at me and stuck out his hand as I approached him in the lecture theatre, “Dallas McKenzie,” He said, “Pleased to meet you properly.”
“Oh, hello,” I smiled at him, noticing how pretty he was; something I hadn’t noticed so much when we’d had our first encounter. He had the most adorable dimple in one cheek when he smiled and his eyes were just gorgeous – a really unusual hazel, and I swear he was wearing a little eyeliner – and his lashes were so long – were they actually real? “I’m Faith – Faith Kennedy.”
He smiled a little more broadly. “Well, it’s very nice to meet you, Faith Kennedy.” He said. He seemed to mean it – and my heart skipped a beat. But then it depressingly struck me that as well as snuggling on trains; guys didn’t usually wear make-up and that he might just be a little too feminine to be interested in me as anything other than just a good friend…


And just so you still have the original – here’s Friends, A Short Story… 

If you’ve ever been ‘friends’ you’ll understand...


Okay, I admit it. I’m in love with my best friend. I’m only admitting this to you, of course. I couldn’t possibly tell her...
We’ve been best friends since high school. She was the first person I met on my first day at Horseley High School.
I’d seen her long before she approached me. I’m not sure if it was the vibrant shade of her hair or if I was just attracted to her in general, but I’d picked her out of the whole crowd in seconds. She’d been watching me and then she pushed off from the wall she was leaning against and for want of a better way to describe the way she walked; she sashayed across the playground until she was right in front of me.
“Hello,” she said, smiling at me, showing braces on all of her teeth, “I haven’t seen you around before. What’s your name?”
I stared at her, momentarily dumbstruck at her forthright manner. No one had ever come over to check me out before. Not least, I guess, because of the way I looked. I was kind of geeky back then, with my glasses and curly black hair that just sat on top of my head like some kind of birds nest – it just never occurred to me to do anything with it. Still, at least I no longer had the brief case…
I was kind of fascinated with her. “Um, James.” I managed to reply. It never occurred to me to ask her name…I couldn’t take my eyes off her mouth. I’d never seen braces on both top and bottom teeth before and I was kind of fascinated with the fact that she had bright purple bands holding the wires to the little clips on each of her teeth – they kind of suited her…
Finally wrenching my eyes away from the teeth and towards the rest of her face, I remember thinking she was rather pretty in a quirky sort of way. She had (still has, mind you) shocking red hair. The sort of red hair that is always too curly and fly-away. (Not that I had room to talk with my mop-top!) Her face was covered in freckles that kind of joined up over her cheek-bones and nose and the bluest eyes I’ve ever seen. These were teamed up with a pert little nose and rosebud lips – too pink to be natural. (Again – maddeningly, they still are!) All set in a slightly rounded face. I thought she was a goddess sent from above to rescue me.
As it turned out she wasn’t but she had a great circle of good friends that welcomed me into their fold and they all became really good mates of mine too. They were Carry-Ann, Joshua and Kyle. Amazingly we have all stayed in touch over the years, all through high school, college and university. 
In all that time, even though I wanted to more than I can tell you, I never once told her the way I really felt about her. Carry-Ann knew – and she had quite a lot to say about it on occasion too.
“When are you going to tell her, James?” She asked.
“I’m not.” I said, blushing with acute embarrassment.
“She’ll give up and meet someone else if you don’t pull your finger out and ask her out on a date.”
“Give him a break, Carry.” Josh interjected. “He’ll ask her in his own time.”
Carry-Ann rolled her eyes and snorted. “Yeah, right – course he will.”
I never did, and she was right of course – whether she ever did have any feelings for me – she didn’t hang around waiting for me and finally, she went and met Steve…
Anyway, the five of us are all still in touch with each other and Carry-Ann – who is now married to Joshua, still has a lot to say on my inability to tell her how I feel about her. Thankfully she keeps it reined in whenever she’s around. 
We still mostly manage to meet up once a month for drinks – all with the exception of Kyle, whose job took him off to Australia – but we even manage to keep in touch with him through Skype.
The fact that we’re all still so close brings me to my current dilemma – we are all, of course, invited to The Wedding. Yes. The Wedding. It is the event of the year. She is getting married. 
Now don’t get me wrong, Steve is a nice enough bloke, I can’t deny that, but he’s kind of two dimensional if you know what I mean. He’s never wanted to get to know the rest of us, preferring to keep her entirely to himself – again, I can’t fault him on that one – I want her all to myself too.
But he doesn’t even share many of her interests. It makes me wonder what they actually have in common. For instance – he refused point blank to come to the rock concert with us last month – I mean – what’s that all about – wouldn’t you just go with her anyway, rather than let her go alone with another guy? Depressingly, I obviously don’t look like any kind of threat…
I’ve got to admit, it was really nice to have her all to myself that evening and we had a great time. It was then that I almost told her – there was a moment between us – it was fleeting but it happened…
You know when you have a moment, and you just kind of know? We’d both reached for the drinks at the same time and our hands touched. It was like an electric current flowing through the two of us – I’m absolutely sure she felt it too. We stared at each other for what seemed to me to be ages, and I suddenly knew it was the moment to tell her. I opened my mouth to blurt out my undying love for her...Unfortunately for me, someone bumped into us right at that moment and the opportunity was lost. I guess it just wasn’t the right time – and it probably never will be...
She met Steve at university. She was studying History and didn’t go to the same one I did, as we were studying such different subjects – a decision I have grown to regret over the last few years as I’ve watched her get closer and closer to Steve and further and further out of my reach. It’s my own stupid fault. I do know that – I should have just told her how I felt years ago.
Carry-Ann never lets me forget how stupid I am either – she still bangs on that I should tell her. “It’s not over till the fat lady sings.” 
I fixed her with an exasperated look. “Oh, sure – right – okay – let’s suppose I tell her – what’s she gonna do? Call the wedding off?”
Carry-Ann bit her lip. “I don’t know.” She sighed. “You should have told her years ago.” She grumbled. “Then I’d be bridesmaid to my two favourite friends instead.”
“Has she ever given you any idea that she likes me that way?” I asked in amusement. After all Carry-Ann has always liked to tell me what to do, but I don’t recall her ever saying that it was a sure thing…
Carry-Ann looked away uncomfortably. “No, I don’t suppose she has…but still…”
We pulled a face at each other. She was right of course, I should have told her years back – it was far too late now. Because really – how was I supposed to tell her now that she’d sent out the invitations to her wedding? Talk about awkward.
Not least because I’m not even sure she has ever seen me in that way. And why would she? I’ve never given her an inkling of the way I really feel about her. I’ve never asked her on a date. Sure, we’ve been to the pictures together a few times, but pathetic idiot that I am – I’ve never even held her hand.
In the past I felt awkward about my feelings and I was so afraid of her rejection and the possibility that we may not even be friends anymore if she knew just how much I fancied her. Talk about your bad timing – now I know how wrong it would be to open up. I would never want to ruin her relationship with “The One”.
This of course brings me to my next point – this is what bothers me the most. This is the whole point, actually – what if I am really “The One”? What if it’s really me she’s been waiting for all her life and Steve is just a fly in the ointment?
Am I just deluding myself or should I tell her and give her the benefit of having all the facts to make a properly informed decision?
Yeah, I know what you’re thinking. I go over it all the time in my head – too late – honestly, you don’t have to tell me that...
I was pondering this very point when I was surprised to see a text message from her – she wanted to meet me – alone – at Starbucks. My heart skipped a beat…
*

She’s always running late, whatever the occasion, so I’m sat on my own in the middle of Starbucks sipping my tea. (Yes I know it’s a coffee joint, but I prefer tea thanks very much and they do a very nice one here too).
“Mugsy!” 
I turn in my seat towards the doors. My heart starts thumping a little faster. There she is all pink nosed from the cold air outside, with her bright pink bobble hat clashing horribly with her red hair.
I wave and grin and she bounces over to me. The colour of her hair has changed subtly over the years. Where it used to be totally carrot coloured, she now enhances the colour carefully and she is a vision of rich auburn-red beauty before my hungry eyes.
I’ve got to say, I was more than a little surprised by her text, asking to meet me.
She was very cryptic – said something about wanting to ask me a favour. I’ve no idea what that could be, but I really hope she isn’t going to ask me to give her away or anything. I don’t think my poor broken heart could take that. 
Anyway, I’ve decided that it’s now or never. Either I tell her how I feel now or forever hold my peace...
“Hi Angelica,” I try to sound upbeat, but my heart isn’t in it and I just know she isn’t convinced.
“Hey, what’s up?” she frowns at me with her head on one side. (See what I mean? She always was very perceptive).
“I uh, I’m glad you called, ‘cause I really need to talk to you,”
I look up at her, trying to gauge her reaction. She’s looking at me through slightly narrowed eyes and my nerve almost fails me...almost.
I take a deep breath. “You know I love you, Angelica.” There. I said it. I grant you it didn’t come out quite the way I intended it to – it was still too much in the ‘friend’ zone.
You see that’s the problem when you’ve been friends forever – you can’t get out of the zone. Still she might have caught on to the desperation in my voice and in any case I did say the words “I love you.”
Aw, who am I kidding? They were so well disguised you’d have to be Einstein to realise what I meant, but still – it’s out there now and I can’t take it back.
She looks at me hard. I can’t work out what she’s thinking.
“I love you too.” She says quite matter of fact. She takes me quite by surprise with that. I’m starting to over analyse everything again. My face is probably screwed up in concentration. What am I supposed to say now? I decide to keep schtum. I can’t risk saying something wrong now.
“Um, okay.” (Well, I had to say something...)
“Mugsy,” she starts again. I give her a pained expression at the use of my stupid nickname from school. “Sorry, I mean James.” She amends, grinning ruefully.
I smile. She is instantly forgiven. “Yes, Angel.”
She takes a deep breath and lets it all go again. “I’m not getting married after all.”
My mouth drops open. The Wedding was the event of the decade. It’s all I’ve heard about for the last eight months. What’s going on? I can’t deny I’m high-fiving myself in my head, but still. She must be hurting.
“You’re not?” I try to look serious but I just know my lips are twitching into a smile. I press my lips together, willing myself to remain solemn. The whole time my mind is singing that Blur song that goes “Woohoo”.
I’m dying to jump up dance around like an idiot, but somehow, I manage to remain in my seat. 
I am stirring my tea with the little wooden stick for something to do with my hands to prevent them from punching the air in victory...
“I’m not,” she agrees firmly. “I called it off – because, you see…there’s someone else...”
Of course! How silly of me – someone else. Isn’t there always? 
The clouds start to form above my head again as I sink into a new, all time low. I might have known. There’s always someone else in the picture. I’m always on the outside with my nose pressed against the glass.
Oh, well, I try to comfort myself with the fact that at least she had all the information at her fingertips and she made her informed decision. A life of being single was all I was destined for obviously. The Eternal Bachelor...
“Oh, I see...” I drop my gaze to the table. My eyes are getting hot. Thank God I wear glasses and she won’t see the moisture gathering. I blink a few times to clear them again before I chance a glance at her.
She smiles at me with that knowing look of hers. “I’m not getting married to Steve,” she says gently, “because...well...when I really look at my life and my...future, I see myself with someone else.” She is gazing at me with those hypnotic eyes and I’m drowning.
“Someone else?” I murmur, trying hard to not look too hopeful. 
There’s something about the way she’s looking at me that is giving me the distinct impression I could be that someone else but, hell, this could just be my own wishful thinking. It could still all go horribly wrong here and who knows, she might have met David Beckham or someone equally as impressive...
She rolls her eyes and swears softly under her breath. Then she grins at me. “You, you daft git. It’s you. You’re the one I see myself with.” She has gone bright red all the way down her neck.
I’m blushing too – and grinning like the village idiot. “You mean it? Me?”
She reaches across and takes my hand. Her hands are warm and soft. I definitely wasn’t imagining that moment back at the concert.
“I mean it.” She’s still all pink in the face and looking heartily embarrassed.
I don’t need any further invitation. This is the moment I have been waiting for all my life. Pushing my chair out, I stumble to my feet and move around the table to her side. I pull her to her feet and gather her to me. Then I kiss her right there in front of all the other customers. There’s a huge cheer from them all and we break apart and laugh, just staring into each other’s eyes in wonder.
“So, how long have you felt like this?” I ask, feeling all at once elated and a teensy bit sorry for the heartbroken groom.
She looks me right in the eye. “Oh, James,” She says with a little sigh that makes my legs feel a little wobbly. “It’s always been you.” She shakes her head and smiles, “It just took me a while to figure that out. I think it was when we went to the concert, you know. We just...”
I nod, grinning. “I know what you mean. We just…connect.”
She smiles. “Yeah, we always did.”
I couldn’t agree more.

The End


Other books by Heather Mar-Gerrison

Short Stories 


Friends
Zoe’s First Date with Fate (including bonus Novella’s Zoe’s Wedding & Zoe’s Baby)
Something Stupid (A Gay Christmas Story)
Maybe Never…
Sage’s Christmas Miracle (A Gay Christmas Story)

Stan... (Stan #1)
Stan... Remember Me... (Stan #2)
Stan... New Beginnings (Stan #3)
Molly... Stan in his own words (Stan #4)

White Water (White Water #1)
Phase 5 (White Water #2)
Kallie’s Secret (White Water #3)
The Watchtower (White Water #4)

Could it Be Magic...? (Magic #1)
Do You Believe In Magic...? (Magic #2)

Kiss the Boy (Boy Next Door #1)
Are We Good...? (Boy Next Door #2)
Equal Measures (Boy Next Door #3)
Some Kind of Paradise (Boy Next Door #4)
Without You... (Boy Next Door #5)
Looking for Trouble (Boy Next Door #6)
Best Boyfriend Ever... (Boy Next Door #7)
Racing Hearts... (Boy Next Door #8)
I need a little time... (Boy Next Door #9)

What If... I Belonged to You? (What If? #1)
What If... I want commitment? (What If? #2)
What If... I told you a secret? (What If? #3)
What If… We could start again? (What If #4)
What If… I remember? (What If #5)
What If… This Was Real? (What If #6)

Desperate... (Last Christmas #1)
Oblivious... (Last Christmas #2)
Determined... (Last Christmas #3)

The One That Got Away
If I Can’t Have You
Operation Boyfriend (Operation Boyfriend #1)
All Kinds of Trouble (Operation Boyfriend #2)
The Trouble with Tyler (Operation Boyfriend #3)
What Happens with Vegas (Operation Boyfriend #4)

Tomas… Enchanted (Riverside #1)
True… Love (Riverside #2)
Tatum… Undercover (Riverside #3)
Toby… Captivated (Riverside #4)
Trey… Unbelievable (Riverside #5)
Sam… Distracted (Riverside #6)
Riverside… The Weddings (Riverside #7)

Peyton... Protected (Studs & Steel #1)
River... Redeemed (Studs & Steel #2)
Alfie... Abused (Studs & Steel #3)
Buzz... Bedazzled (Studs & Steel #4)
Looking Out For Lorenzo (Studs & Steel #4.5)
Stake Out (Studs & Steel #5)
Dangerous Love (Studs & Steel #5.5)
Simon... Spellbound (Studs & Steel #6)
A shoulder To Cry On (Studs & Steel #6.5)
Seth... Saved (Studs & Steel #7)
Back For Good (Studs & Steel #7.5)
Thai... Troubled (Studs & Steel #8)
The Retreat (Studs & Steel 8.5)

When Danny Met Horatio (The Band #1)
When Noah Met Tobias (The Band #2)
When Justin Met Max (The Band #3)
When Karl Met Devon (The Band #4)

Heaven Sent (Behind the scenes #1)
When I Wasn’t Looking (Behind the scenes #2)
Nowhere to Hide (Behind the scenes #3)

Best Man (Marina #1)
Denial (Marina #2)
Sunk (Marina #3)
Finally (Marina #4)
Identity (Marina #5)



Check out my blog at https://www.heathermar-gerrison.blogspot.com for news of my upcoming books.
Follow me on Twitter: @hmgwriting
Follow me on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/heather.margerrison.5
Follow me on Pinterest: https://uk.pinterest.com/heathemg


About the Author


I live in Nottingham, England with my lovely, long suffering and incredibly patient husband and my two beautiful daughters. We also have two cats that we adopted from the RSPCA, Bella and Romeo... and Enzo, our Border Terrier...
When I’m not looking after a wayward dog – I’m generally writing a book, any spare time I get between these two pursuits, you can either find me curled up with a good book that someone else wrote and a cat or a dog on my knee in place of the laptop, or I’ll be pottering about in the greenhouse, whilst plotting my next storyline in my head, muttering to myself like a crazy woman.... It’s not easy living with all the voices of my characters in my head!

