
Gathering Storm
Order of the Anakim


Cecily Magnon


Text copyright 2014 Cecily Magnon
All Rights Reserved

12 Angels Publishing

Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.





Table of Contents
Dedication
Prologue
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Author’s Note
About the Author
Books from Cecily Magnon



Dedication

For the loves of my life; Chris, Brandon, and Cameron; you are my world.


For my besties, Nancy and Alita, thank you for believing in me.


Back to top



Prologue
Six Years Earlier

“Mom?” The voice on the phone sounded surprised. “Where are you?” 
“In Bimini.” Sarah giggled softly. 
“Mom!” the voice gasped. “What in the world? When did you get there?”
Sarah Amalfi chuckled at how her daughter, Ellie, always worried about her. “It was a last minute invite from a friend. How could I say no to paradise? Anyways, it’s absolutely gorgeous here and I just wanted to let you know where I was. Don’t worry. I’ll be there for graduation! I can’t wait to see you. I love you.” She flipped her cell phone closed before Ellie could protest. 
Sarah shielded her eyes from the midday sun as she sat back in her luxuriously padded lounge chair and took a slow sip of her iced cold Pina-Colada. Why didn’t Pina-Coladas taste like this on the mainland? It was so refreshing and natural-tasting; sweet, but not overwhelmingly saccharine like in the States. 
She pushed down on her floppy straw hat as a gentle breeze rustled through, bringing in the balmy fragrance of the Bahamian island. She closed her eyes and snuggled deeper into the bright orange cushion of the lounge chair as a lazy smile spread across her glossed lips.
The air smelled like a vacation. It was warm and moist, with the hint of tropical flowers and the saltiness of the sea lacing the air. Sarah could feel the fringes of her white sarong dance atop her thigh, making her giggle softly with the tickling sensation.
She opened her eyes slowly and looked toward the horizon. The water looked perfectly still, its layers of blue meeting the sky in the distance. 
She thought about how Ellie would love it here. Bimini had one of the best snorkeling sites in the world, in addition to fascinating local lore about the lost continent of Atlantis. Ellie loved anything connected to Atlantis. When she was little, she would make believe that she was an Atlantean princess who could speak with all the creatures of the ocean. 
Time sure has flown by, Sarah thought, setting her drink back down in the soft white sand. In just another week, her daughter would be graduating from college. Sarah smiled to herself. Ellie was the pride and joy of her life and she often wondered how she’d been blessed with such a great child. 
Ellie practically raised herself. Yes, Sarah was there for everything, but the girl had developed her own ideas and personality -- all of her musings were wonderful and great. And, now, that little girl was blossoming into an amazing young woman. 
Ellie would love it here. Sarah decided that this would be her graduation present to Ellie -- a trip to Bimini. She would make sure that her daughter took some time to have fun and relax before continuing with her post-graduate studies. She could already hear Ellie arguing with her, and that made her smile even more. They really were not arguments, but rather her daughter’s presentations about the pros and cons of certain actions and decisions. 
Sarah always got her way in the end, but she did enjoy hearing her daughter’s analytical mind at work. She missed her. She let out a sigh and closed her eyes to let the sun warm her skin as thoughts about Will took over. 
Was it just last night that Will came knocking? She’d known it was him even before she opened the door. She could feel his energy coming through the threshold, enveloping her in an embrace that only he could give. It had been nearly five years since she last saw him, last talked to him, last held him. 
She wanted to find him, but there was no way to do it. He was undetectable. In her nightmares, he’d been killed or, worse yet, tortured. All she could do was pray that he was alive and well.
Her heart leaped the moment she opened the door and stared into those eyes that always held her captive. She cried with the rush of emotions that assaulted her at that instant -- joy, love, relief, pain, sadness, regret.
It was so long ago and they had been so young. How could they have known that one choice would forever alter the course of their lives? Was it so wrong? No! She could not believe that. As hard as it had been without Will, she had to believe there was a greater reason for all the trials they’d gone through. Will was here now; he was alive. They were together, even if only temporarily, and Ellie… Ellie, most importantly, was thriving. Ellie and Will were her family and she would lay down her life for them. The choice hadn’t been wrong.
She could sense him nearing. He walked to her slowly, the stretch of his shadow reaching her relaxed figure before he physically could. “Hey, gorgeous,” his deep voice delighted her senses. “How about we go on an excursion?” 
“That sounds fun. Where to?” she asked with curiosity, before turning her head to look upon the man who had taken ownership of her being so long ago. The way his ice blue eyes glinted in the sun reminded her of silver reflecting light, and the soft fall of his raven hair over his brow made her breath falter. Time had strengthened his features, taken away the innocence of youth, and replaced them with handsomely hewn lines of experience. 
“Snorkeling at the Bimini Road.” He smiled and handed her a glossy tourist brochure. “Come on. We could take scooters there.”
Nothing was hurried in Bimini and the scooter ride was no different. It was slow, leisurely, and much like the local cane syrup used to make rum… smooth, easy, and sweetly flowing. 
According to the tourist brochure, The Bimini Road was a famed underwater rock formation that resembled an ancient road. A road that leads to nowhere? Sara wondered. Locals have said that the road was part of Atlantis, while others have said that the road leads to the Fountain of Youth. 
As they got closer, Sarah could clearly see the mysterious road underneath the clear waters of the Atlantic. It extended about a half-mile from the shore before it curved, ended, and became a part of the ocean floor. She kept her head turned toward the water as they passed the sunken road and Will led them further down the beach. 
They stopped at a section of the shore where the tide greeted the land with frothy waves. It was not as busy there and not as pristine as the main tourist area, with the little cove littered with dried coconut fronds and chunks of browned husks. 
“Bimini Road, huh?” Sarah teased. “Looking for the yellow brick road to take you home?”
“You’re my home.” Will smiled broadly, his silvery blue eyes outshining the sun itself. He ran into the water without waiting for her. “The water feels great! Hurry up!” he called out before submerging below the surface. 
She undid the knot on her sarong as she looked down at her painted toes. Her polish was holding up nicely a week after her pedicure. She wiggled her toes playfully, liking the way the pink paint shone under the sun. 
She was stalling and deliberately slowed her actions before meeting up with Will. She needed just a moment to clear her head before going to him. 
Will was the only man who had ever owned her heart. He was the only one she would truly ever belong to. She would always care about him; he was her first love, her only love, and the father of her only child. Their history was complicated and it was one that she’d rather not have Ellie exposed to. 
Who was she lying to? Her daughter needed to know -- eventually. 
There was just too much that she still had to tell Ellie, but there was never a right moment to bring up something so heart-breaking. 
Ellie grew up thinking that Will ran out on them before she was born, but that hadn’t been the case. Will had tried to stay, but he eventually had to go. It was the only way. It had torn him apart to leave his wife and child, but what choice had there been? 
He had never been too far away.
It was only in recent years that he’d been completely absent. Something had happened that took Will far from them. To say that it was a surprise when he’d shown up last night at Sarah’s doorstep would have been an immense understatement. 
She hadn’t asked where he’d been. Did it matter?
“What are you waiting for?!” Will yelled out, happily. “Come on! You should see all the fish!”
Sarah shook her head and marveled at Will’s delight. It was truly the simple things that he loved so this small slice of freedom must have been heavenly for him. 
****
It had been a fun-filled day with night arriving gradually, like the slowing pace of a graceful waltz. Sarah was glad they were back at the resort where she could go back to her lounge chair and enjoy the many colors of the sky. 
With a mango iced tea in one hand, she lounged, waiting for the splendor of the purples, pinks, fiery oranges, and magentas of the sunset.
The glorious colors came and deepened into the beauty of the night sky, the stars were shining brightly like diamonds on a velvet canvas. She sighed deeply, remembering moments of Ellie as a little girl, singing her favorite childhood song, “Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star”. 
Her little girl would dance and twirl and inevitably ask about her father. “Where is daddy?”
“He’s dancing with you up there, in the stars.” That had been good enough for the little girl, but that little girl grew up and started demanding real answers.
Sarah couldn’t respond. She would change the topic and distract her daughter with other things. She avoided telling her the truth. The truth that she knew would change her daughter’s life forever. Sarah knew that, eventually, she would have to tell Ellie everything about her father, her lineage, and what happened. But not right now, not yet. The time would come soon enough. 
“Ssssarah…” 
She bolted upright from her lounge chair. She looked around. In the distance, she could make out the swaying of the tree tops against the brilliance of the starlit sky, but the beach was still and devoid of any movement. 
Silence settled in as a strong breeze whipped around her, encircling her in a sandstorm. 
“Ssssarah…”
She raised her arm to shield her eyes. “Who’s there?! Show yourself!” Sarah gasped at the biting chill that instantly permeated her blood and bones. Her heart struggled to pump, gurgling with effort from the thickened blood depleted of precious oxygen. 
Sarah steadied herself and ground her bare feet into the sand. She prayed for protection and focused on her prayer; its rhythm, its cadence, and her connection to powers of light. Slowly, she began the invocation. Her voice was no more than a whisper against the deep strain she felt within her chest. 
The once soft grains of sand accelerated around her, a mutated whirlwind turned to miniscule shards of glass -- sharp-edged, crystalline fragments that cut her skin and rubbed her raw. She felt the jagged grit embed into her skin, burrowing deep into her flesh, and tearing her muscle fibers apart. 
Searing pain wracked her body and she screamed, frantically seeking out Will with her mind, calling for him to come. She looked up from within the vortex of her prison and saw a figure running toward her. A glint of silver sparked in the darkness, bringing with it hope and relief from the fear that had encroached her. His rope, with the gleaming titanium tips, was the beacon she needed to hold on to. She felt the strength of Will’s power come at her with a force of a tidal wave, washing away the darkness. 
Her plea for help had been heard. 
The cyclone that kept her trapped quickly died off with a fading cackle that dissipated into the eerily quiet night. 
He gripped her shoulder as he looked her over. “Are you okay?” Will was breathing hard, his eyes dark with anger and concern. 
She was shivering, her teeth chattering furiously from the chill that had invaded her body. She was shaken, her mind reeling from the assault she was attempting to deny, and couldn’t respond.
He looked into Sarah’s eyes, holding her gaze. “I am so sorry. I shouldn’t have come back. I’ve put you in danger.” His eyes were heavy with sorrow. He cupped her face tenderly, “I love you, Sarah. I love you. My selfishness to see you again…” He dipped his head, unable to finish his words, as he tried to quiet the anger she could see still raging underneath the calm façade. 
His energy surrounded her in a curtain of protection as he wrapped his arm around her and led her back to their suite. 
He looked her over, lifting and turning her arms carefully, infusing her with healing mist that gathered in his palm as he tended to her wounds. Sarah watched him and the painstaking attention he poured out to clean her wounds.
His touch was familiar, tender, intimate, waking her heart with a rush of emotions she felt for the man. She buried her tear-stained face into Will’s broad shoulder and he held her tight against his chest. She could feel his heartbeat speed up; running after hers, joining hers, finding her rhythm, and then slowing them both down toward a place of peace that only he could bring her to. 
“I love you, William Koraki -- from the very first moment I saw you. And I will love you over and over again… in each lifetime that you allow me to be in your heart.” 
They looked at each other, their souls and spirits intertwined… forever connected, yet physically separated. Sarah could have stayed in his embrace all night, but she had to warn him, “Will, that demon was trying to possess me.”
He looked at her with deep concern. His brows furrowed and his eyes shadowed with fear.
“Promise me something,” Sarah said with a heavy heart.
Will was quiet, his jaw tensed. 
“If something happens to me… the Anakim must enter her life.”
“What? I thought you didn’t want that for Ellie?”
“I don’t… I didn’t, but she can’t be alone. Eventually, they will find her, too. She’ll need to learn to protect herself. If I’m not there to shield her presence…” 
“I can protect her, Sarah. I’ve been able to do it for this long. Besides, nothing will happen to you.” Will forced a smile as he held Sarah in his arms. “I’ll shield you both. They won’t be able to find you,” he growled out.
“I’ve been found. You know how relentless they get. They won’t stop. We’ve managed all these years, but they’re getting too strong, even for you. I felt the strength of that demon. The Anakim are good people and they will help. I trust them,” she whispered.
“Sarah…”
“Will, maybe the Anakim can help us, too. You can’t keep doing this alone. I can see it in your eyes. Your soul is tired.” Sarah hesitated before continuing, “I’m already a Watcher for the Anakim and I’ve learned a lot. Maybe they can help us find a way to free you, to free us, from this.”
Will let his eyes fall as he leaned in to kiss Sarah -- softly, tenderly.
“I love you, Will. With all that I am, I love you. Please don’t ever forget that.”
“I love you, Sarah.”


Back to top



Chapter One
Friday, December 7th

Six foot tall speakers stood prominently at each corner of the club’s floor, the large circular cones on the speakers’ face visibly thumping in time with the soulful crescendo of the vocals declaring, “This is God’s house!” 
He smirked at the irony as he looked around the club that was reminiscent of a medieval hall. Sheets of cheap black satin hung from the ceiling, framing vaulted archways. Around the bar, large, heavy wooden chairs with harsh angles served as barstools. The walls were painted black with some areas bathed in black light to illuminate the club’s gothic-style insignia. Up above, gargoyles perched on overhead ledges, their distorted smiles mocking the people below, and up higher were fake flying buttresses giving the illusion of curvature and height to an otherwise flat roofline.
Strobe lights pulsed through the darkness. The environment was hypnotic and sensual as the sweet scent of artificial fog perfumed the air 
“God’s house,” he mumbled absently.
He looked at the DJ bobbing behind a mixing table as the music thundered within the converted warehouse. The walls rumbled and the bass boomed, throbbing in time to the beat of the music. The DJ was the puppet master and the music was his strings amongst a crowd lost in a drug-induced high. They gyrated in pleasure, the look of ecstasy apparent on their faces as they surrendered to the heightened seduction of the music.
He watched in silence, an invisible sentry hidden in plain sight. 
His eyes swept through the ever growing crowd, his enlarged pupils darkening his heterochromic eyes -- one blue, one green, both gleaming with dutiful purpose. His ability to see beyond the physical world revealed a crowd bathed in a grey haze. Auras that would normally burn bright were obscured by a taint of synthetic toxins flowing through their bloodstreams.
He cut through the haze clouding the crowd to seek out a sign. Somebody here was his target, but who? The Elders had put a priority on this task. He didn’t understand why, but he tried to tell himself it didn’t matter; he had his orders and it was important that he complete his duty.
Impatience gnawed at his gut, the night was growing late and the crowd was getting thicker, making it more difficult to see. He moved within the shadows of the club, keeping a low profile, making his way to a set of stairs. He needed to get away from the main floor and get a better vantage point. He flicked a makeshift sign warning VIP Room, Under Construction. It spun haphazardly on a damaged stand that blocked his entry to the stairs.
Perfect, he thought, better for me. 
He went around the sign and ran his hand on top of the railing as he made his way up the stairs. He turned his head toward the crowd, not wanting to lose sight of any activity. The second floor opened to a wide open space, with one wall covered in thick plastic that billowed from the exposed air ducts above. He walked to a pony wall overlooking the main floor below, resting his hands on the wooden balustrade; he could feel the wood vibrating from the music. He wrapped his fingers over the railing and scanned the crowd again, annoyance rising from the absence of the signs he was looking for.
He’d been sent here with his team and they’d been here for hours with nothing to show for it. He was getting agitated.
As he skimmed through the crowd again, something caught his eye. There, near the entrance of the club, was a group in conversation -- four females and three males. They had just arrived and were waiting in line to pay. Three of the women seemed to have attached themselves to the men; the fourth woman stood back, arms crossed over her chest and looking completely irritated. 
Even in her annoyance and a frown on her face, her beauty outshone those of her female companions -- exotic with delicate features and hypnotic cat-like eyes that blazed with streaks of gold and amber in between a sea of green. 
He watched the group with more interest, especially the fourth woman. He tuned in to her energy. Her aura was incandescent in its brightness. The air around her vibrated and sparked with electricity and, most importantly, her energy carried a unique signature only present to those of his kind.
The corner of his lip rose in amusement. Target located.
“She’s here,” he communicated through a small silver com-disc on his jacket lapel. He readied to make his approach, but was gripped by a tightening in his gut. He creased his forehead as he felt the energy in the club shifting. The air was growing thick, heavy, forbidding.
“Damn it.” He stepped away from the railing and into the shadows of the second floor. He closed his eyes, willing his light to gather to his chest; light that was fed by the same unique energy that sparked his target. He felt the energy swirling in a fast moving centrifuge, readying to separate from his body, pushing out into a pulse of white light from his chest. 
The light hovered momentarily in front of his face and sought out his life force. It glowed bright and throbbed in time with his heartbeat before disappearing and reappearing in the center of the club’s ceiling. 
The flashing strobes made his light invisible to the crowd below. His light worked to detect and seek out the disturbance he was feeling, serving as a remote probe to reach out to every corner of the club to explore areas he physically could not. 
His gut clenched in pain when his light touched upon the edges of a gap hidden behind one of the speakers. The gap was expanding and coalescing to serve as a doorway for dark energy to enter into this world. 
He pushed more of his energy into the light, commanding the pure energy to slow down the formation of the dark gap. The light ebbed becoming liquid in its ability to transform and reshape itself to consume the darkness escaping from the gap. 
The void resisted and pushed back, its murky blackness stretching and folding upon itself. It squeezed to wring the light out of its crevices. The void grew in strength and hissed at the interruption of its opening. In a flash, the gap unfurled and exploded open, extinguishing all traces of Jarron’s light energy. 
His eyes shot open the same instant his light was nullified. A demon was about to break through the shroud of the human world and he needed to stop it. 
His years of training automatically activated to prepare his body for a fight. His body functions slowed down to preserve his strength and stamina, while his expression morphed to take on the cold impassive mask of a dealer of death.
He threw a burst of energy underneath a ceiling sprinkler head, causing it to sputter and rattle before it let loose a torrent of indoor rain.
Screams rose from the panicked crowd. It was instant pandemonium from the onslaught of water pounding down on the scuttling bodies. He looked down from his perch, his irritation growing as the crowd formed a stampede, a delirium-driven rush crashing through the door. 
He cleared his mind and focused his intent. With his hands, he gathered energy from the air and molded it to form a glistening sphere, its translucent shell almost invisible in the darkness.
He released the sphere into the crowd and watched the energy contained within infuse into people’s skin. The crowd calmed. They became orderly, clear-headed, and dispersed calmly out the exit. 
Relief spread through his chest as he watched the crowd thinning out. The club was almost empty, except for his target. She stood aside, letting everyone else out and waiting until everyone was safely outside. 
Her forehead wrinkled as she swallowed, her gaze fixed on the location where the gap was growing in size. She held still, back pressed against a wall, her gaze intense with fear and determination to take tentative steps toward the growing void.
He hiked himself on top of the railing. “What the hell is she doing?” His balance was perfect on the narrow beam, his sight locked on the woman. 
With one push from his strong legs, he launched himself from the second floor railing and landed without a sound in a crouched position in front of her. He stood up slowly, not wanting to add to her fright. He looked at her soaked clothing, her chattering teeth, and the fear that she was attempting to hide. She was brave, reckless, and stunning, and he felt an instant need to shield her and to get her to safety. 
He felt the presence of The Order nearby. They were outside. 
He swooped down, threw her over his shoulder, and took her outside. His brethren were waiting in a van idling at the corner. The door slid open as he got near. Inside, three men garbed in black tactical uniforms waited for his approach.
He handed over his target and with a bow of his head, dismissed himself quickly to return to the interior of the club. The air was shifting in greater intensity, the demon was getting close. The club was smothered with malevolent energy seeping from another dimension -- evil. It thrived from the world’s suffering and did not need a form to exist. It simply needed a place to be. Its presence lurked out of the void -- disembodied, dominating, turning the very air to venom. 
He couldn’t allow anyone to enter. It had become too dangerous. He sealed off all access behind him; his energetic barrier would prevent any human bystander from wandering back in. He couldn’t take a chance on an innocent getting hurt. A quick scan and he knew his energetic shields were working. He felt protected from the darkness surrounding him. His more immediate problem was the demon that he could feel charging out of the portal. It was coming fast.
He reached for the M9 holstered on his back -- a sleek, semi-automatic pistol that fit perfectly in his hands. He gripped the squared handle, his long fingers wrapping around the grip that housed specialized bullets The Order used against demons. His index finger was poised and ready to unload a full cartridge at whatever came out of the hell hole. His hands were steady and aimed dead center at the swirling black cavity crackling several feet in front of him. 
He took a deep breath. Patience, he thought, steadying the pace of his heart. There was no point wasting ammo shooting into a hole.
Before he could finish his thought, a beast flew out of the gap. It was a four-legged demon with rippling musculature on its front and hind quarters. Its hide was thick, smooth, and darker than tar. It radiated with crushing power -- heavy, dark, and suffocating. It was a shadow beast fortified with solid form.
He fired. The sharp smell of gun powder tinged the air as he felt the steady reverberations from the modified M9’s chamber. Each bullet ejecting from the barrel was on target to blow apart the creature’s chest. 
He swore under his breath as he watched the spent casings fall off the creature’s hide like dead fleas falling off a dog. The staccato pinging of the shells hitting the concrete were bells tolling a warning.
Its upper lip convulsed with a growl, showing fangs dripping with mucus. It looked down on him, contempt filling the black eyes. 
The golden-haired guardian angled back, but not quickly enough. The beast moved faster, with calculated precision as it charged for another strike. It swiped its claws at his chest, slicing through his shirt and shearing his flesh. 
The beast bounded past him, sitting on its haunches as it reared its head back, its thick chest heaving as it sent a bellowing cry overhead. He saw the violent waves emit from the beast’s guttural cry, exploding everything in its wake. 
The faked buttresses, and smiling gargoyles came crashing down in chunks. Light fixtures burst and live wires dangled down in a curtain of electricity, sending charged sparks drifting below. 
Jarron shielded his head as he ran to dodge falling debris. The creature, eyes glowing white, twisted to look at him. It was pissed. It charged toward him, legs pushing with raw power. It leapt in the air, front legs out-stretched; claws raised and ready to cut him again. 
He stopped and, with a snap of his wrists, matted silver sheaths slid out from underneath his sleeves. He crossed his arms to grab for the grips and pulled them out swiftly, the scraping sound of metal on metal vibrating through his palms, prickling his senses to ready for a strike. He stood waiting, stance wide, blade tips pointed behind him, his fists clenching and unclenching around the grips.
He could feel the beast’s energy changing, recalculating for another attack. 
Snarling, the beast charged in his direction. He sidestepped the attack and the creature hit a wall, which cracked on impact, stunning the demon momentarily. Its massive head shook, dribbling mucus from its fangs. It roared with frustration and anger, charging a brutal force of energy against Jarron, sending his all-too-human frame flying across the room, pummeling him against a wall.
He dropped heavily, a pained grunt escaping him. He’d lost his grip on the dagger and now he stared at the blade skidding on the floor. He cursed through gritted teeth, biting back the pain shooting from his broken shoulder that hung limp and useless at his side. 
He waited.
Jarron held the remaining blade in his right hand -- a double-edged, small kodachi, best suited for close proximity combat. It was a blade both light and strong with razor edges finer than a scalpel, but unlike a kodachi’s slightly curved blade, his had been modified and was perfectly straight; a weapon better suited for his style of fighting, and one that served as a lethal extension of his arm.
He spun the streamlined hilt around his palm. He knew exactly where his hand needed to be to give him the best grip. There would be no wasted movement to his deadly delivery. He was one with his blade, and he knew which way to turn his wrist and his hand to angle for a stab, a slice, a cut, or a kill. He knew how much pressure was needed to inflict damage and either allow survival or deliver a swift death. 
He pushed up from the floor, his fury seething at the creature who glowered at him with black charcoal eyes. He felt the creature’s rage matching his as he ran to meet the demon head on. He slid on his knees, getting underneath the creature’s belly. He connected his blade with the creature’s underside, momentarily holding his breath in anticipation of his blade going through flesh. 
He bit out a curse, quickly readjusting his grip when his knife’s edge slid on the leathery skin, but did not penetrate. The hide was armor, composed of impenetrable layers of fascia, a protective covering of connective tissue so strong that it repelled both bullets and blades.
The demon’s responses were quickening, not giving Jarron time to readjust. The creature rapidly turned to charge him again, slamming into his torso. He felt his ribs fracture and his lungs deflate from the blow. He flew back, sailing into the club’s gothic-style furniture, the bulky furnishing exploding from the strength of the collision. 
Intense pain surged from his back and shot through his chest. A spasm rushed through his body, his muscles locking tight as his nerve endings went haywire, electrifying him from within. He was badly bruised, his side was painful, and breathing hurt. He tried to stand, but couldn’t rise to his full height. His damaged ribs kept him bent, looking broken and subservient to the gloating demon. 
He stared the beast down, knowing that his barriers were weakening. He was not afraid of death. He welcomed it. Death would reunite him with those he’d lost. He accepted that his life was forfeit. The fingers of darkness were coming upon him. He wouldn’t fail, not again. The lives of too many were at stake. The beast had to be overcome, regardless of the cost. 
He needed to tap beyond the limits of his life force to make his intentions work. He would die, but it was a small price to pay to rid the monster from this dimension. 
He closed his eyes and willed power into the light. The light bloomed and escaped his chest, pulling his broken ribs outward before flying toward the ceiling. The light formed into an orb, brilliant and blinding -- white purity. It pulsated and grew, harnessing power from everything it touched. 
It formed a radiant siphon that sought out the beast’s immense power. It searched out the dark energy like a tree root in search of moisture. It found a weakness in the creature’s armor and pierced through to hungrily drink from the beast’s dark fount of powers. Jarron willed all his remaining energy into his light, diverting all his remaining power for a last attack. He needed the orb to overload, to reach critical mass and, when it did, the warehouse and everything in it would be destroyed. 
The beast roared in pained fury. This was an invasion it did not anticipate. Its strength waned while the light’s grew, a volatile mix of light and dark power swirling inside the club. 
His energy was connecting with that of the beast. His heart clenched with the overwhelming dread that consumed him from the heavy darkness of the beast’s ruach -- life force. He had to sever the link, but not before he could use the connection to his advantage.
He looked to the beast stumbling around like a drunkard trying to find his bearings. This was his chance. The beast was impaired and distracted. Jarron gripped the hilt of his blade tightly, his knuckles whitening.
Everything slowed as time and reality bent unto itself, allowing him to see beyond the limitations of his physical sight. The beast no longer appeared solid in form, but a nebulous black mass. He focused all his attention and honed in on the beast. The mass ebbed, and in the place where its mouth would have been, a grey shadowy film floated -- a weak spot.
His vision snapped back and he was looking at a charging beast bent on his death. It was on the attack -- jaws open, bearing fangs dripping with clear liquid. He lunged for the creature in a full frontal assault, meeting the dark beast in midair. He pushed his arm into its mouth, twisting his blade to impale the roof of its jaw and into its brain.
The beast howled, accursed in agony as it fell on top of him. It snapped its jaws together, its fangs piercing deeply onto his arm. He pulled, feeling his skin and muscle rake off with every tug. He was unafraid and would risk the loss of limb in exchange for freedom, but it was useless. The weight of the beast crushed him, while his arm remained inside its mouth. He was trapped. 
The warmth of his blood, cascaded down his arm and onto to the floor, pooling around him and carrying him into oblivion. Calm descended over his senses and peace filled him as he let his eyes close. He heard the sound of his slowing heartbeat and he knew he was listening to the coming of his own death, each fading thump signifying his procession toward the end. 
****
Caleb had taken the woman from Jarron. “All your questions will be answered. My name is Caleb. These are my brethren. We mean you no harm. We simply want to talk to you.” The woman was about to scream when he gently placed two fingers upon her forehead and whispered, “Sleep.”
City emergency vehicles were arriving on the scene as more people began to mill around the club. Caleb scanned the area for Jarron. He should have been out by now. “Nic, take the target back to the estate. Adam, Marcus, Maya… come with me.” 
The Order couldn’t be here when investigations of the disturbance started. The first units on site were medical emergency responders, who attended to the dazed crowd outside the club. A quick perusal and Caleb knew that no one sustained any significant physical injuries. This was likely thanks to their still absent friend. Where the hell was he? 
He needed to find Jarron before police arrived and demanded access inside the warehouse.
He crept closer to the building and could feel an energetic barrier around the club, but it was wavering, faltering. Whatever was inside was strong enough to disrupt the barricade. Not good; not good at all. 
Caleb ran for an alley behind the building to find a back entrance. He broke through the protective shields and exploded through the back door. Something was seriously wrong. He shouldn’t have been able to break Jarron’s barricade that easily.
He ran for a hallway where he could feel Jarron’s energy emanating. He reached the end and was immediately succumbed by darkness unlike any he’d ever experienced before. The darkness dominated and encroached on every fiber of his being. He dropped to his knees in sheer agony, feeling a wave of darkness rush at his mind, trying to unlock secrets that he kept heavily secured. He fought against the crushing pain engulfing his skull in a vice of torture. 
As Jarron’s team rushed to his aid, he saw them drop one by one. Each one was overcome with fear, their faces twisted in anguish. Each one was paralyzed by private terrors that had wrapped around them in an inescapable nightmare. 
A cackle drifted in the air, a baleful delight at the Guardians’ suffering.
Caleb fought through the pain and blocked the assault on his mind. He accessed the deepest recesses of his being to give him strength. He strained to elevate his head from an invisible force that held him down. He could feel the veins of his temples throbbing with pressure. 
Points of light penetrated the curtain of darkness, its brightness seeking him and the other Guardians out. He focused all his energy on the light, concentrated on it, attracting the light to find him and the others. He felt its warmth approaching him, its purity containing him. He allowed its sway to embed his mind. It broke through the hold of the foul energy that had him trapped and dissolved the torture he felt.
He felt the light vibrate around him, expanding to gain power over the darkness, but all too soon, its strength started to weaken. The light began to flicker and fade, and the fingers of darkness reached for him again. 
He fought against the darkness while the effects of the light lingered within his consciousness. It left enough of his mind clear and protected, and allowed him more control, even as the pain began to rise and take hold once again. 
He focused all his life force and combined it with the light that remained within his essence. He channeled the pure white energy and concentrated it into a source of power that grew within his mind. He could feel the energy building, surging to propel his telekinetic powers with devastating force.
Waves rippled out of his head like a halo, its destructive force doubling with each deadly ring of energy that echoed out of his mind. The waves cascaded out, bringing destruction to everything it passed through, devastating everything in its path. Dust clouds rose, light and dark receded, leaving behind a quiet stillness that only came after a tumultuous event.
Caleb rose up, concern charging the remains of his energy. He could barely detect Jarron’s location. His friend’s energy signature was fading quickly. He roused the others. “Let’s go. We need to find him. Now.” 
The Guardians scrambled through the warehouse, finally bursting into the main room where the tangy smell of copper assaulted their noses. They found him pinned underneath a mountain of flesh, unconscious and bathed in a pool of his own blood, his life force barely palpable. 
Caleb’s stomach dropped. “Get him out! Get him out! We’re losing him!” 


Back to top



Chapter Two
Friday, December 7th

Ever since she was little, Ellie had a love for the ocean. Her mom always called her a water baby, her “little mermaid”, who learned to swim even before she could walk. The ocean was Ellie’s life. 
She respected the ocean’s immense power to create and destroy, to give and to take. Ellie saw both life and death in the ocean. She felt a part of it. None of her friends understood; not that she’d tried to explain, but the ocean called out to her, spoke to her. There had been nights when she woke from murmurs coming from the ocean. 
She couldn’t be away too long; she had a tether to the water. The ocean beckoned to her soul. It was where she felt safe and comforted.
When it came time to decide on a future life, she knew she wanted the ocean to be a part of it. Going into Marine Studies and Oceanography seemed like a great idea, and her mom encouraged her 100%. Ellie dreamed of all the adventures she and her mom could have. She would become a PhD and would be able to contract her own studies. She could then take her mom with her on her expeditions and they would explore the world together. It all sounded great, and she and her mom would daydream about all the exotic places they could visit. 
It seemed like their dream was coming true. She was set to graduate with honors from the University of Hawaii. She and her mom had made plans. Her mom had a crazy idea of sailing their boat from San Francisco all the way to Hawaii, rather than just flying in. She tried to reason with her mom and warn her about the dangers of sailing that distance alone, tried to entice her about having more time together if she just flew in, but her mom’s mind was set and there was no changing it. 
Her mom never made it to her graduation. She never made it home. A search and rescue was conducted by the Coast Guard, but they couldn’t find a trace of her or the boat. No explanations as to how or why she disappeared. Her mom was an experienced mariner and there were no storms that could have affected her travel, no signs of wreckage, and no distress calls. Eventually, the case was closed and Ellie was left to presume that her mother was dead.
Ellie poured herself into her studies to escape the painful reality of losing her mom. She lived and breathed school and, after graduating, she came back to San Francisco and completed her doctoral program in a mere three years. She closed herself off to everything else and only allowed room for academics. It was a world where she had control. Every detail of her academic life was planned and scheduled. There was no room allowed for randomness or surprises. She took comfort in the predictability and she carried on with the same philosophy in her professional life. 
Ellie dedicated herself to her job because that was all she had. Her mom was gone and she never had a father. For the longest time, it had been just her and her mom. Now she was alone.
Her lab became her sanctuary, a home away from home. She governed her projects with meticulous detail. Her keen senses allowed her to hypothesize and produce results that supported her theories. She quickly gained respect from her colleagues and was considered a rising star in her field.
They had family in San Francisco, but her grandparents and uncle hadn’t approved of Ellie’s mom and her carefree ways. They always thought that she wasted her life when she could’ve had such a promising future. Ellie felt she was blamed for the destruction of that future. 
How often did she hear what her mom could have accomplished had she not become a mother at the age of seventeen? It was a constant stab from her grandparents that she endured throughout her life. 
Ellie personified all the regrets and resentments her grandparents harbored. Their daughter should have had a successful life; instead, she chose to be a mom when she should have terminated her pregnancy. 
Her grandparents had never shown her any affection. They were extremely rigid, cold, and “proper” to a fault, and it drove her crazy. Her uncle was the same. He never had any children of his own and often took it upon himself to give Ellie the lectures he felt his sister should have been giving her bastard child. 
She never heard from them, her “family.” Ellie figured they probably blamed her for her mother’s death. Why wouldn’t they? She certainly did. Her mother was coming to see her. If she’d tried harder, if she’d just convinced her mother to fly rather than sail, she would still be alive.
Her mother was the only person who hadn’t left her. Her father abandoned her, her grandparents despised her, and her lovers cheated on her. She had few friends but, lately, most of them felt more like acquaintances. She had grown away from them and had a hard time relating to their interests. Perhaps it was because she’d been keeping to herself more and more lately. Her friends tried, they really did, but she felt a growing chasm that she found difficult to bridge and understand. 
Isolation became easier than trying... anything. 
Memories of her mom had been invading her thoughts lately. She missed her terribly. It’d been six years since her mom had died, but the hole in her heart never healed. It was still painful to think of her. 
She often wondered if her life would be different if her mom had lived. Would she be happy? Would she be fulfilled? Would she have a purpose? 
Most days, all she wanted was to get away and be consumed with so much work that she would have no time to think, no time to feel. 
She had that, just a few months ago, when she and Gina had been invited to an archeological project off the coast of Greece. 
A colleague of hers had been part of a primary team exploring a sunken city’s remains. It was a huge project with ambitious goals and limited funding. Extra hands, especially hands with expertise in ocean research, were needed to meet the strict deadlines imposed by the project directors. Her colleague begged for her assistance, but couldn’t guarantee any type of payment. 
She and Gina were honored to have been asked to be a part of such an undertaking. The research and data collected from the project would provide valuable information to Marine Archeologists and Oceanographers like her. It was the kind of project that could provide the much needed clues as to why these ancient cities sunk, and hopefully prevent current island countries from suffering the same fate. The data from the project could potentially save millions of lives. They gladly accepted and had no problem working for free.
They’d spent a month in Greece, their days mostly spent diving in the topaz blue waters of Southern Laconia to help catalog and set up grid systems in and around the sunken city. It was energizing. She enjoyed the work immensely. She felt refreshed and nourished by the ocean’s energy. 
Ellie loved the ancient history of Greece, as well as the culture that was still so steeped in legends and mythologies. There was reverence and honor from the townsfolk when they spoke of their history. They would beam with pride and spread their arms in gesticulation of the grandness of their history, the depth of their bloodlines, and their union with the divine.
When they had any time off, she and Gina would spend the time exploring Laconia and the nearby regions of Arcadia, where the blue waters of the Mediterranean sparkled and reflected off the bright white stucco of the simple block-style homes that lined the hillsides and the small fishing villages along the coast.
It was easy to imagine the likes of King Leonidas walking around in his armor in such a beautiful setting. Of course, Gina would change the visualization from Leonidas wearing Spartan armor, to a toga, to a short toga, to a really short toga during a windy day, and they would both burst out laughing as they plodded along the ancient cobblestone streets that still graced the townships. 
Ellie sighed as she reminisced, wanting that kind of fulfillment again. She felt at peace in Greece, as if she belonged there. 
Her childhood friends called first thing that morning before she left for work. Their excited shrills of laughter greeting her before she could even say “Hello.” They joked at their fortune that she actually answered the phone rather than letting her voicemail pick-up. They begged her to go out after work. Her friends were fun and crazy and were the complete contrast to her life. They missed her and, she had to admit, she missed them, too. 
To lure her out of her apartment, they promised her a night of girly debauchery. She was intrigued. Her friends were getting more creative with their invitations. She found herself smiling at her friends’ enthusiasm and promised she would think about their proposition.
What “girly debauchery” consisted of, she had no idea, but a night of dinner, drinks, and getting caught up on her friends’ misadventures sounded good. She knew she would be guaranteed a laugh by spending time with them, regardless of what they had planned. After much deliberation, she convinced herself that a night out with the girls was exactly what she needed to get out of her funk. She called her friends back before she could change her mind. 
Gina recognized the crinkle on her forehead the moment she walked in and immediately started probing for answers. Gina was incredibly astute and there wasn’t much that escaped her notice. 
Gina’s long, wavy auburn hair matched her fiery personality. She was beautiful, tall, and had the perfect athletic body of a beach volleyball player. She had the smarts to be Dr. Gina Banton by now, but she wasn’t interested in further studies to prove her intellect. She loved the flexibility her life offered her and she wasn’t about to screw it up for a piece of paper. Her friend did not want a pedigree behind her name. She wanted her freedom.
Ellie admired that about her. She was carefree and fearless, a lot like her mother. Gina was unstoppable and could do whatever she set her mind to. She only worked at the lab part-time to satisfy her “internal geek.” Ellie always enjoyed the days when they got to work together. Gina had a wicked sense of humor and her laughter was always a welcome addition to the hum-drum of the lab.
Ellie looked at Gina and only had to say, “I’m going out tonight, but…” and her enthusiastic friend took charge. Gina assured her that she would oversee her work and would kick anyone’s ass who fucked it up. That was all the reassurance she needed. She trusted Gina and knew that her specifications would be adhered to. 
Gina was finally able to shove her out of the lab at 7:30. She rode her bike home, enjoying the fresh air against her face. She pedaled faster, enjoying the burn she felt through her legs as she psyched herself up to get mentally prepared for her evening out. 
She hadn’t been out in ages and could feel the butterflies starting to flutter in her stomach. She told herself that it was just nervous excitement and hurried to get back to her apartment.
Ellie took a long, leisurely bath to calm herself. Her uneasiness was growing, causing her intestines to twist into knots. It was more than nervousness, but she shrugged it off and busied herself with getting ready. 
Several hours later, she found herself standing outside a club with her friends breaking the news that they were meeting up with some guys. What?! What about dinner? She was starving! They’d promised her food. Ellie’s mood quickly turned sour. Her blood sugar was dropping fast and she was ready to bite someone’s head off. 
She feigned a smile when her friend cheered, “This is going to be great!” 
“Yay,” she muttered.
They got closer to the club entrance and one of the guys answered his cell. He later returned to whisper into her friend’s ear, making her friend’s mood deflate just a little. She looked at her, apologetically. Apparently, the date they had set up for her flaked at the last minute, leaving her the seventh wheel. She wasn’t sure if she was relieved or irritated about that. 
She began to think that going out was not a good idea after all. She was hungry, irritated, and her nerves were acting up again. She volunteered to take a taxi home and made excuses that she didn’t feel well, that she was starving and needed to eat, and that she had tons of work and had to get to the lab early in the morning. Her friends ignored her and made her wait while they paid for her entrance to the club. 
She told her friends that she’d make it up to them another time, but they were having none of it. They were determined to keep her out, despite her pleadings. While she stood there, thinking about how to get home, a sense of foreboding seized her, sending chills down her spine. She crossed her arms over her chest to warm herself, though she knew the chill wasn’t coming from the air. 
She felt queasy and on edge. She wanted to run as far away as she could get. Something was causing her fear to rise, but what? She looked around and nothing seemed out of place, but she knew something was seriously wrong. She knew there was danger. She could feel the heaviness of it weighing down on her, undeniable in its certainty. She looked toward the furthest corner of the club where something was pulling at her attention like a magnet pulling at flecks of metal. There was no way to resist. 
Her internal reasoning was screaming for her to flee, but it was being overridden by a much stronger call to action. 
She started heading further into the club, leaving her friends with their companions, when chaos erupted. The sprinkler systems activated and water came down in torrents, creating small puddles on the club floor. 
She was getting soaked, but she needed to find out what was behind the speakers. She got away from the crowd as a sea of bodies tried to crash through one small exit. 
She looked around in panic for her friends, her concern for their safety rising above that of her own. She was relieved to see that they were already outside, safe and dry. She looked down at her own clothes, thankful that she wore black. She was soaked to the bone and there was no relief in sight. The sprinklers continued beating down on her, making her hair stick to her scalp in thick clumps. 
The club was soon empty. This was her chance to find out what was drawing her in. She headed toward the darkness that had grown dense and endless. It penetrated into the walls of the club, an abyss that seemed to continue into eternity. It was ominous, threatening, like Death himself had come and proclaimed dominion over the club.
She found it difficult to breathe and could feel the air being pulled out of her lungs. Her feet were lead and her head was swimming. She shook it off, willing herself to step forward, only to be stopped by a man who appeared out of nowhere. 
She was startled by him. He was tall, imposing, striking, and his glare burned into her. He grabbed her and threw her over his shoulder, the strength of his arm keeping her secure against him as he ran her outside to safety. 
She started to open her mouth to say something, but couldn’t. She felt ill, nauseous, about to vomit, the sudden change in position intensifying her sense of imbalance. She could feel the bile rising in her throat, making it react to the noxious fluid, instigating her gag reflex. 
He took her to a van where another man, having the same unreadable expression, took her and she fell asleep.
****
Ellie woke up in a plush room worthy of a five star hotel. The morning sun was filtering softly through the luxurious fabrics that draped beautifully over the large picturesque windows of the bedroom. The décor was warm and inviting with big cushy pillows on the bed, flowers on the bedside table, and a chaise with a broad wingback that looked like it wanted to hug you. The room was in different shades of butter and cream, with highlights of gold sprinkled around. She rubbed her eyes, making the tiny flecks of dust floating in the air sparkle and twinkle in her vision. 
For a moment, Ellie forgot her predicament as she nuzzled within the clouds of pillows around her. Realization suddenly hit her… she’d been taken! She popped up and quickly got out of bed. She tiptoed across the room, feeling the coolness of the wood travel up her legs, making her shiver. She reached the door and pressed her ear to the smooth, polished panel to listen for activity.
She needed to find out what was going on. She could hear footsteps and voices walking past. Oddly, the noise did not harken danger. It was the typical noise you would hear in any home -- people talking casually, a light giggle from a young female voice, and the frustrated calling of someone before a door slammed shut. 
Slowly, she reached for the knob, her heart catching in her throat as thoughts of being tortured and killed crept into her mind. She took a deep breath and turned it. It was unlocked. She slowly pulled open the door, praying that it wouldn’t squeak to alert her abductors. 
The door moved fluidly on its hinges. She opened it just wide enough to squeeze herself out and sidestepped into a massive hallway. She wasn’t sure which way to turn, but knew that hesitation could mean trouble. She had to get moving and decided it would be best to head away from the source of the voices. 
She inched down the hallway, thankful that the floorboards were as well maintained as her door. She was light on her feet, but a floorboard didn’t need much pressure to squeal and reveal someone’s presence. She stole further down the hallway and to an alcove, where she came upon the biggest artwork she’d ever seen. 
One wall proudly displayed a grand painting of angels getting ready for battle. The leader stood in front of his army with a mighty sword raised above his head and his golden armor blazing in the sun. The master painter captured the leader’s expression of resolve, while his eyes showed anguish over the blood he knew that was to be spilled on that day. Ellie could almost imagine the words the great general spoke to his legion as they entered into battle. She could almost feel his pain, his respect and admiration for his brothers, his eternal love and loyalty to each of them.
Ellie was mesmerized by the beauty and majesty of the painting. It took her breath away. She was caught in its glory, feeling like she was watching a moment in time, captured in perfect exactness. The scenery felt alive. She reached out and could feel love coming from the painting. It tugged at her, making her tear up. It was a true masterpiece. 
She reluctantly tore herself away from the painting and continued further down the hall. She came upon a door that was slightly ajar. Her nerves spiked and her heart beat louder as hushed voices came from the room.
“He needs to rest,” said a female voice, grave with concern. “He’s lost a lot of blood. His life force was barely present. We almost lost him.”
Ellie heard someone sigh heavily.
“The Healers will be back. They’d been called away. For now, we must keep him comfortable. Keep your spirits up,” the woman said to someone. No one responded.
Ellie heard light footsteps heading toward the door. She panicked, not knowing where to turn. She didn’t have anywhere to hide. She was about to run past the door when a woman stepped out into the hallway. She was a vision in white, making Ellie step back, feeling like she would taint the pureness coming of off the woman if she got too close.
She was beautiful, a picture of elegance and grace. Her shimmering white hair was pulled back in a loose chignon. Her skin looked soft and radiant, perfectly matching the gentle smile on her face. Her brown eyes crinkled at the corners and were filled with kindness. Ellie could feel the depth of wisdom behind those eyes. 
She extended her hand to greet Ellie, her smile widening. “Come, my dear. My name is Isabel.” She looked at the interior of the room, gesturing toward its occupants. “I believe you’ve met Caleb?” 
Caleb was the raven-haired soldier who spoke to her last night in the van. He was reclined in a chair next to the bed, his head resting on the back of it, his arms crossed over his chest. He looked over at her and gave her a slight nod of acknowledgement before turning away. Unlike the expressionless face she remembered from last night, his turquoise blue eyes drooped with trouble and concern. 
Isabel’s voice rang with worry as she whispered, “And I believe you have also met Jarron.” 
The man seemed to be in a deep sleep, and was hooked up to monitors and a couple of IV bags, one of which contained a thick, crimson liquid that dripped slowly into a clear line. 
“Elysa, please come with me,” Isabel said evenly. Ellie looked at the woman curiously. How did she know her name? She frowned, but her interest was piqued. 
Isabel walked next to her and guided her down the opposite length of the hallway. They walked past the painting of angels to descend upon a splendid staircase that curved and sloped elegantly like a ballerina in repose. Ellie took notice of the glistening deep chocolate color of the mahogany banister, a stark, but lovely contrast to the velvety white walls of the house’s main foyer. She looked up and was dazzled by a chandelier hanging from the center of the high ceiling, the crystal strands reminding her of an intricately designed diamond necklace, the cut stones playfully reflecting the morning sun in prisms of light around the room. 
Isabel led Ellie to the kitchen. It was massive with multiple industrial-sized stoves and ovens flanking one wall, and a large butcher-block island in the center of the kitchen. To her surprise, the area felt cozy and warm, the type of kitchen where everyone always gathered and was the heart of the home.
“Have a seat, Elysa. Make yourself comfortable.”
Isabel turned her back on Ellie to head for one of several refrigerators that occupied another wall. She pulled out a large clay pot, scooped out some hearty stew, and put it into a smaller bowl.
She held up the bowl and smiled warmly. “Leftovers from last night’s dinner. I hope you don’t mind.” Isabel warmed the bowl of food in the microwave and headed to another pantry, where she pulled out a long loaf of bread. She returned to the refrigerator that held the clay pot and took out some fruit and cheese. She returned to Ellie and began slicing the bread, cheese and fruit, and arranged it all on a small platter. 
“Would you like some coffee?” Before Ellie could answer, she was already heading toward a cupboard to retrieve a cup. 
Ellie sat, quietly observing her flutter around the kitchen like a white butterfly gathering nectar from flower to flower. Isabel answered the beeping call of the microwave to return to Ellie with a steaming bowl of stew and a cup of coffee. Her stomach growled loudly, reminding her of its empty state. She was famished, but hesitated to eat, unsure of what was going on. 
“It’s quite alright, Elysa. You need to eat. I can assure you that we mean you no harm. Please, eat up. I promise the food is safe. You are not a prisoner. We simply want to talk. I’ll leave you to eat in peace. When you are finished and if you wish, you can find me in the library.” Isabel held her hands loosely in front of her chest and bowed to Ellie before taking her leave.
Ellie looked around. She was alone in the kitchen. She was confused. What in the world was going on? She felt an internal war raging between her logical mind, telling her to run away, and her heart, urging her to stay and find out what was going on. 
She should run right now, but why wasn’t she making a move to escape? Instead, she reached for the steaming bowl of stew. Her mouth was salivating and her stomach was gurgling, demanding that she take a bite and start eating. 
She stared at the food and smiled, the delicious aroma teasing her hunger until she finally had to give in and take a spoonful. She looked around in between each delicious bite and confirmed that her only company was the buzzing and humming of the kitchen appliances. 
Ellie’s instincts had always been good and she didn’t sense danger from these people. If they’d wanted to harm her in any way, there had been plenty of time to do it. Why go through the trouble of letting her sleep in an elegant room, then serve her a meal? 
As crazy as it sounded, she liked Isabel. She felt a connection that she couldn’t explain and she felt safe somehow. The house felt like a haven and she believed Isabel’s words. They meant her no harm. 
****
The crunch of gravel echoed underneath the weight of his boots as he walked guardedly through the salvage yard. His sword was gripped within the palm of his right hand, the blade pointed behind him, as he scanned the perimeter. To his left, he could see the silhouette of the moon peering through a crushed frame of a decaying sedan; to his right were stacks of tires and crushed cars, their shadows resembling a cityscape against the night sky.
Silence surrounded him. He stopped his approach and focused on the change he’d detected. The air was fluctuating, coalescing and growing thick; his ears filled with pressure as he moved forward; his lungs struggled to breathe in the thickened air that felt devoid of oxygen. He could feel the presence of a dark energy near him, causing the air to chill. The darkness brought with it sensations of fear that were reaching for him worse than a desiccated man reaching for the life-saving force of water -- hungry and desperate.
 Jarron swung his sword at an unseen foe. He could feel the cold, invading talons of darkness burrowing into his skin. The Fear wanted him. It wanted to feed off of him. It wanted to tear apart his soul and his spirit and leave him an empty shell. 
“Come here, come here,” a taunting voice hissed through the darkness. The voice was diffused and distant. It was a whisper echoing and bouncing in between the skeletal remains of the crushed cars, as it cackled and faded; he couldn’t tell from which direction the voice came. 
Jarron stopped and gripped his sword in both hands, his awareness attuned to every bit of energy fluttering through the yard. He widened his stance, readying for the force that he knew was coming at him. 
He felt a current of air coming from his right side. He instinctively brought up his sword to block the oncoming attack. His sword screeched as it hit and scraped against a metal weapon that he could not see -- the weapon and its wielder invisible to him. The creature was hidden, made of shadows that slid in and out of the dark recesses of the yard. 
He felt air rush at him again from behind; he readied, arcing his sword next to his right side and looping it back toward his left, he dropped to one knee. He thrust the tip of his blade backward, penetrating flesh. He felt the resistance of skin and muscle pierce the tip of his sword, impaling the creature. He let go of the blade and let the creature drop to the ground in a crumpled heap.
He turned slowly and looked down on the demon curled around the blade. His sword fell to the ground with a clank, the body that it once penetrated now completely gone. 
He squatted down, picked up his blade, and inserted it fluidly within the aged leather sheath strapped behind his back. He spoke into a com-disc on his collar, “Maya, what’s your location?” No answer, only silence.
His surroundings flickered around him as he waited for his team to arrive. Where were they? He felt pulled out of his location, unbalanced, the earth beneath him caving in and he was falling into a sinkhole. He regained composure and found himself readying to deliver a fatal blow to a demon when he saw her run by. Jade! 
Jarron was behind her, running after her, but not closing the distance. He was only a few seconds behind her. He saw them coming out of the shadows of the alley. He yelled out, warning her, but she didn’t hear him. They’re surrounding her! Shots rang out of his pistol and suspended in the thickness of the air. 
He’d finally reached Jade -- ten seconds later. 
She was gone. Jade’s body was left and discarded like trash by the demons. All her life-force had been extinguished. In ten seconds, his friend and his bride-to-be were but a memory. In ten seconds, dreams of a future life were shattered. In those ten seconds, he felt the darkness within him rise as he picked up Jade’s lifeless body. 
He screamed for the demons to attack. He wanted them to come after him. He wanted a fight. He wanted destruction against those who took his family and his future bride. He was left alone to live through the pain of their deaths.
His waking mind was haunted from the nightmare that still lingered. His muscles tensed and tightened. It was just a dream, he reminded himself as he stirred in bed. He blinked, his eyes feeling gritty and blurry. 
He forced himself to wake and found himself in The Order’s compound outside of San Francisco’s city limits. The property was completely private and secluded within the hills of Mill Valley. The compound -- or, perhaps more accurately, the estate -- was surrounded by hundreds of acres of land owned by The Order of the Anakim. 
He woke in the main house where Isabel, the current leader and High Mother of their Order, resided. He looked around and saw that one of the guest quarters had been converted into an infirmary room for him. Isabel did not like to take chances with her warriors and when any one of them got hurt, she made sure she was there to assist and to provide whatever care was needed to rehabilitate them. 
He felt heavy and drowsy. Breathing hurt and his throat felt dry. He hurt all over. He glanced down, catching the fuzzy white haze below his chin. His entire torso was wrapped in a thick bandage. His ribs were cracked, and his arms were seriously injured and barely usable. 
He tried to grab for his shirt on the nightstand and was immediately stopped by a rush of pain shooting through his left shoulder blade. 
He desperately wanted to sit up to clear the fog from his head. He pushed himself up to a reclined position, grimacing with the painful throbbing of his right arm. Flopping his head down on the pillow, a frustrated breath escaped him as he looked to his shoulder and found it harnessed in a sling
He groaned in exasperation as he looked at all the tubes, wires, and electrodes that were sticking out of him, keeping him ensnared in a tangled mess. He took a breath, the pain from his ribs a welcome distraction from the incessant beeping of all the blasted monitors that had activated and were screeching an alarm whenever he moved. 
“Took you long enough,” a deep voice rumbled. 
Jarron turned his head slowly toward the door and saw Caleb leaning casually against the frame, arms crossed over his chest, smiling from ear to ear. Caleb’s infectious smile was working its influence, making Jarron hold back a snicker before wincing in pain. 
He shut his eyes and straightened his head. “How long have you been standing there, ass wipe?” Jarron retorted weakly.
“Long enough to see you slide your injured ass up the bed.” Caleb was holding back a laugh.
Rather than responding, he just smiled and shook his head. Caleb was one of the best warriors with The Order, a High Guardian. He was strong, fast, and could generate turbulent power with his mind. His skills and abilities were unmatched within The Order. 
He was deadly, and Jarron was glad that they fought for the same side. He was also Jarron’s best friend. More than just a friend, he was like a brother.
Caleb had watched over him from the very first day they met when they were seven. Caleb had already been with The Order for a year when Jarron came along. He took it upon himself to act like the big brother, even though they were only a few months apart in age. He showed him the ropes during training, mentored him in their studies and, like any fearless friend with a penchant for mischief, Caleb also got him into some trouble. 
He approached the bed and sat on the large recliner propped against the wall. His mood turned serious. “That was close; too close. Next time you decide to play with a shadow beast by yourself, don’t. Wait for reinforcements. We were coming.” Caleb was curt, holding back what he really wanted to say. “You still trying to get yourself killed?”
Jarron had nothing to say. He felt foggy and couldn’t get his mind to come up with an argument. He kept his eyes closed. He knew Caleb wanted to rip him a new one for almost getting himself killed so he changed the topic. “Is my target…?” Jarron couldn’t finish his inquiry before a coughing spell gripped him, his broken ribs stretching and cracking with each heaving force of the cough.
Caleb firmly pressed his fingers to his forehead. “She’s safe. Isabel is with her.” Jarron closed his eyes and a deep sleep descended upon his weary body.
****
Ellie finished her meal, grateful to be full. She cleaned up after herself and started to look for Isabel. She left the kitchen and headed toward the direction of the hallway that Isabel had taken her through. The house was huge. She wondered how she was going to find the library. She returned to the foyer and saw Caleb descending the stairs.
He wore a plain white t-shirt that fit him perfectly. It was loose, but showed off his sculpted chest and arms. His jeans hung loosely on his hips, accentuating the narrowness of his waist. He was tall, well over 6 feet, with thick thighs flexing with each step he took. No movement was wasted, like a tiger stalking his prey. 
He ran his hand through his rumpled dark hair and beamed at Ellie with an ear to ear smile that stunned her in her tracks. Caleb was a dark-haired deity. Ellie guessed he could charm his way into any woman’s bed with just that smile. Who was she kidding? He probably didn’t even need to do anything but gaze at a woman and she would gladly take him to her bed. 
Ellie suppressed a smile, feeling like a dork when a tiny snort escaped her. Her girlfriends would go crazy for him. 
Caleb reached her and offered his arm to act as her guide. “My lady. Are you lost?”
She couldn’t tell if the chivalry was an act or not, but she enjoyed it. “Isabel said to find her in the library.”
“Ah. I shall see you to the library safely then. This way, please.”
Ellie hooked her hand gingerly around the bend of his arm as he led her to another hallway off the foyer. It was bright and airy and seemed to sparkle with the morning sun. One side of the wide hall was lined with floor-to-ceiling windows that showed off the beauty of a courtyard garden. Caleb slowed his pace and remained quiet during their walk. She looked outside and let the loveliness of the garden soothe her. 
They reached a double door with beautifully carved reliefs of angels on the raised door panels. Ellie started to reach for the carvings, unable to resist the plump cheeks of a cherub, when Caleb knocked on the door to announce their arrival. 
He opened the door for Ellie to enter and gave her a slight bow before turning to leave. She watched him pad quietly away and admired the way his jeans hugged the chiseled contour of his behind. 
“Elysa, please come in.” Isabel’s voice was soft and even, snapping her out of ogling Caleb’s posterior. 
She entered the library, her eyes immediately appreciating the dark wood paneling of the walls. There were big leather seats and beautiful Persian rugs of various sizes layered on the floor. She could hear popping and crackling of burning wood, and caught the faint smell of cedar in the air. 
Isabel rose from behind her desk and led Ellie to the large leather couch opposite the fireplace. “Do you know of the Nephilim, Elysa?” Isabel looked inquisitively at Ellie, waiting for her answer.
Ellie had never been religious and preferred science over faith, but in her quest for knowledge, she’d attended a variety of lectures. She remembered one in particular where a friendly debate escalated between panel members -- one a scientist, the other a priest. She remembered the priest talking about the Nephilim. “Not much. Only that they were evil half-angel, half-human giants.”
“Bear with me, Elysa, for I will have to give you a bit of a history lesson in order for all of this to make sense. Much of what is known about the Nephilim came from the holy texts. These books are considered honored and sacred, and have shaped the lives of countless generations, cultures, and countries. The effects of the holy word upon the people of this world have been profound.” 
Ellie was quiet, meditative, and wanting to be open to what Isabel was about to say.
“Elysa, please understand that I am not here to talk about religion, nor beliefs. It’s not about whose lessons and whose beliefs are right. In the end, the only thing that will remain is the truth. What I’d like to share with you is our story, the story of the Anakim.” 
“Anakim?” 
 “A celestial war between brothers was fought, an ancient war between the angels of heaven. One side, intent on proclaiming themselves god; the other side fought to preserve the cardinal commandments of the Creator.” Isabel recited her tale with practiced perfection. “A great angelic warrior led legions of angels into battle to cast out, Satan, The Great Dragon and his followers. Many suffered on both sides and the heavens were fractured for eternity. The Fallen were exiled from the heavens and condemned to reside within the bowels of the earth. They lost their glory and were reduced to the shadows of existence.” Isabel stopped and watched her. “It is said that these Fallen became demons.” 
Elysa’s eyes sparkled, a moment of recognition seeming to glaze over her hazel eyes. “The painting in the alcove upstairs?” 
Isabel nodded. “The story is as old as time itself. Whether The Fallen became demons, we cannot know for sure. Some say that The Great Dragon took dominion over the demons -- gathered them, unified them, amassed their power for his purposes.” Isabel stood up and walked to the fireplace. She stretched out her arms and rubbed her hands in front of the flickering flame behind the metal mesh shield. “What we do know for sure is that demons are not mindless. They act with purpose and with intent. They are driven and nothing is done without motive.” Her shoulders slumped. “So many have perished...” She straightened, snapping her attention back on Ellie and continued her story with a period of rebuilding, when hope was renewed and restored, when ‘humans’ were given rule over the earth. 
Ellie’s brows creased at the mention of ‘humans’. A chill came over her as a fragment of a dream clawed at her mind.
“The Creator showed favor on man. The Creator’s youngest progeny, and also His most fragile, inherited a most prized possession. This sparked anger and jealousy amongst His other children, including those that had fallen. Humans became targets for all sorts of devious and reprehensible deeds brought about by the Others.”
Ellie could feel her chest tightening as a tormented scream from her dream echoed in her mind, making her hold her breath. 
“… to protect His beloved children, the Creator sent a host of angels, His Watchers, to act as protectors and guardians. The Watchers were tasked to live on the planes of earth and safeguard the people, but the influence of darkness and the Fallen was strong upon the earth and some of the Watchers were corrupted… they fell in love.” 
Ellie’s strong mind was working, her forehead wrinkled in contemplation. Falling in love was wrong? What kind of god would be against love? 
“Some of the Watchers banded together to become leaders of a mutiny. These Watchers shunned their heavenly duties to live as men. They taught men about vanity, weapons, and warfare -- the very things that the Creator did not want His children to be burdened by. The Watchers took on wives who bore them children. Those children are known as the Nephilim.” Isabel twined her fingers together as she continued her tale. “As a group, the holy texts have made the Watchers look as if they were evil, but that’s not completely true.” She shook her head slightly. “As with any other group, the colors you see painted on the canvas is because of the actions of some; a convenient omission of certain truths by those who want to propagate their perception of events. It is not the complete picture you see.” 
Ellie nodded her head as she looked down on her lap and a heavy veil of darkness skated in her mind’s eye.
“Elysa, I need you to listen. The Watchers… yes, some of them did great wrongs -- unforgivable, but others continued in their task to protect, even while living their lives as ‘men.’ This was their self-imposed penance for having lost their way. For those few Watchers, their regret was too great and they were anguished by their separation from the Creator.”
Ellie looked up and focused on the fire dancing in the fireplace. What was it about Isabel’s story? Why was her recurring nightmare, nagging at her now? 
“The Nephilim were the same. Those that were fathered by the evil Watchers grew up uncontrolled and destructive, while those raised by the Watchers that continued to honor the Creator’s decree grew up virtuous and honorable. Unfortunately, they were in the minority.”
Isabel made her way back to Ellie and sat next to her. “Many of the Nephilim were corrupted by greed and power, destroying everything in their path, abusing the advantages they had over humans. The people of earth cried out in despair. The damages being done were so horrendous that the Great Angels themselves asked the Creator for help.” Isabel looked up to the ceiling, seeming to look for an answer. “The Great Angels begged the Creator to save His children from the hybrid abomination that were the evil Nephilim. When the Creator could no longer watch His human children suffer, He commanded a cleansing of the earth to rid it of evil. The Great Angels were then tasked to bring about the heavy edict of the Creator.” 
Ellie’s curiosity was piqued. “Cleansing? How?”
Isabel looked at her, truth lighting her eyes. “The Great Flood.” 
Ellie’s eyes widened with interest. “Noah’s flood?” she asked for confirmation.
Isabel nodded, “Before torrents of deadly rain were set upon the earth, the Creator decreed that the few Nephilim who held true to the covenant be saved. The Nephilim that were saved were taken by a Great Angel and allowed to hold temporary court in what you and I refer to as ‘heaven’. When the waters receded, the chosen few were sent back to earth. The few surviving Nephilim were forever bound to earth to help rebuild, to protect and watch over its inhabitants. Their immortality was lost, but the Creator did not vanquish all of their extraordinary abilities for He saw purpose in their presence.” 
She could feel her head tingle and the pores in her arms rise up when a certain knowing opened up in her heart. She was having a hard time with the overpowering sensation spreading throughout her body.
“The few Nephilim that survived were allowed to have families. They continued on and lived their lives as ‘men.’ The children of these Nephilim are the first of the Anakim.”
A stab of knowing pierced her heart, making her tighten at the word. She was agitated. “The Anakim,” Ellie whispered. 
“As it was, the children of the Nephilim, the first of the Anakim, became the heroes of legend, endeavoring feats that only the sons of heaven could bear. But because of fear and misunderstanding from the people of earth, the Anakim were persecuted. They chose to retreat from society. The holy texts cite that the Anakim were defeated.” Isabel smiled tightly. “It would be more accurate to say that the Anakim allowed defeat and disappeared, to be forgotten and forever lost.” 
“What happened to them?” 
“The Anakim dispersed, living in peace and in small clusters all over the world. They never forgot and kept true to their promise to uphold the Creator’s decree -- to watch over and protect the people. They watch in silence and protect in secret. The Nephilim fathers are long gone, but generations of Anakim continue to uphold the covenant that the ancient fathers took on. Each Anakim will feel an internal calling. It burns and screams. It is as if the Creator himself pulls at the very soul of the Anakim to remember the promise of so long ago.” She stopped for a long moment. “Elysa, you are one of us. You are Anakim.”
Ellie sagged, her shoulders drooping heavily. 
“Elysa, each of us has a purpose; each of us has a part… Last night, at the club, did you feel anything? Did you feel a pull? A feeling so compelling that you couldn’t ignore it?” she asked.
Ellie stared at her in surprise. “I need to leave,” she muttered softly.
“There is an invisible world around you, Elysa. A world that you belong to by birthright. We need your help. Our history is complex and simple at the same time. Our purpose is much the same. Elysa, I am asking you to join The Order; to join us, the Anakim.” Isabel looked gently at her. 
Ellie stood up abruptly, cutting off the conversation. She remained silent and couldn’t look at Isabel. 
“I will have someone take you home. Thank you for listening.” Isabel gave her the traditional bow that they exchanged amongst each other, and then left the library to give Ellie time on her own.
****
Isabel liked the serenity and quiet of the garden when she had much to think about… like now. Ellie did not need to be pressured. She had to come to a decision on her own.
Isabel’s mind was laden with worry as she took a seat under her favorite tree, feeling a breeze whip through its branches to stir the last of its dying leaves. The leaf lost its fragile hold on the branch and drifted gently to her lap. She sighed heavily, cupping the withered leaf in between her palms -- the last leaf and the last vestige of a normally radiant tree that had receded into dormancy. 
Isabel, as High Mother, bore the burden of her Order’s covenant. The Anakim were not afraid to choose death over life, but could she push her people to make that kind of sacrifice and to tear them away from their families, friends, and loved ones.
Anakim, above all else, understood that death was not an end, but a beginning of another life. Perhaps even a life of eternity, to finally shed their mortal binds. 
She looked to the heavens and prayed for strength, for courage, for clarity… 
Her heart was heavy as she contemplated the future of her people. Her kin were dying, being extinguished and hunted down by demons. The Anakim banded together, but their numbers were small in comparison to the hordes of demons that stalked them.
Darkness was gaining strength. The world was troubled, and more and more people were falling into hopelessness and fear. Human souls were ripe for the taking… souls desperate for answers, easily manipulated and turned, forever lost to the forces of the dark.
The Anakim, Guardians and Watchers alike, were soldiers in the fight of good against evil; warriors and sentries in a war that had been raging for ages. Elysa was strong, special. She would make a great addition to The Order.
The Anakim were one of the last strongholds preventing demons from taking over the very structures that men have forged and protected with their lives -- family, freedom, happiness; the simple and cherished liberties of life. 
Her people, her kin, fought to preserve those liberties, but could they endure against such trying times that were only going to get more difficult?


Back to top



Chapter Three
Monday, December 10th

“Dr. Amalfi, I need you to sign off on this invoice. Dr. Amalfi? Ellie, are you ok?”
“What? I’m sorry, Gina. I must have been spacing out.” 
Gina studied her friend closely. “Are you sure you’re ok? You’ve been distracted since you came in this morning.” 
“Yeah… no. I don’t know.” Ellie took the invoices from her and started back to her office. She looked frustrated and preoccupied.  
“Uh-hmm.” Gina cleared her throat to get Ellie’s attention. “Ellie, my invoices?” She hadn’t seen Ellie like this before. She always had a full schedule and worked herself to the bone, but distracted? No, more like hyper-focused and obsessive, but never distracted. That had never been a word she would use to describe her friend… until now. 
She had also been sensing Ellie’s unhappiness and discontent lately. She respected Ellie’s need to explore and study what many of the other professors considered pseudo-science. She wanted ‘out of the box’, wanting to spread her wings and go into uncharted territory, but they always managed to squash her enthusiasm. Gina wanted to lash out at the snobs. Their heads were stuck too high up their asses and couldn’t see or hear anything outside of their own ‘greatness.’ They were idiots and she would have told them so, but she needed a job, and she wouldn’t dare get fired and risk leaving Ellie alone with the buttheads.
She’d tried to reach out, but Ellie was fiercely private and would often give her excuses or completely change the subject when things got too personal, smiling it off and acting like everything was okay. Gina worried about her and wished that she’d open up. She didn’t believe in lone wolves; all living beings needed a connection and she was certain Ellie was looking for hers. 
She’d understand, more than anybody. Gina did not have family, either. She was raised by her aunts after her parents had passed away. They died when she was just a kid. She doesn’t remember much of her parents or her childhood. At times, she would have a flash of a memory, or an instance of a smiling face that was blurred, but familiar. She could never recall things in great detail and always wondered why her memory was so spotty. If it weren’t for the stories her aunts told her, she would have no connection to her parents and her past. 
She missed her aunts, but they lived across the country in Marblehead, Massachusetts. They were eccentric, funny, vivacious women who had the most contagious laugh. She missed not having the traditional set of parents, but she was always thankful for the love and kindness her aunts had bestowed on her.
It had been too long since she visited. Maybe she could plan a trip with Ellie and get her away from San Francisco for a while. She felt some shame creeping up at her neglect. She made a mental note to check on her aunts when she got off work that night. 
In the meantime, it was time to grill her friend for answers.
****
Ellie sat at her desk, staring at the piles of paper waiting for her attention. She enjoyed what she did, but being surrounded by stodgy scientists talking about weather patterns, plate tectonics, and oceanic chemical trends all day was, at times… dare she say it? Boring. 
What if there was more to this life -- more that needed to be discovered? She couldn’t get the thought out of her head, especially after her meeting with Isabel.
She remembered her time in Greece when her interest in mysteries and legends was further fueled. Seeing that sunken city after everyone had said it was a myth opened her mind and she craved to learn more. Ellie had often tried to start conversations with her colleagues about it, but all she got were warnings not to go chasing after fantasies and things that could damage her reputation as a serious scientist.
Ellie dismissed her colleague’s admonitions and thought about how rogue waves were once thought of. Those destructive forces of the sea were long thought to have been folklore -- fishing stories that were shared to captivate one's imagination about the dangers of the sea. But after numerous accounts citing massive destruction, more studies were done to explain the phenomena. The myth of the rogue wave was no more. Now they were considered scientific anomalous events requiring study. 
Ellie scoffed. She leaned her head back on her chair, feeling the torn vinyl scratch her scalp. She felt pathetic as she stared at the water spot on the ceiling. She could hear Gina’s footsteps coming closer and readied for the barrage of questions that she knew would be coming shortly.
“Ellie, something’s wrong. Don’t lie to me, either. I know when you’re lying.”
“I’m fine. I just have a lot on my mind.”
“Like what?” 
“Do you remember when we were in Greece?” 
“Yeah, that was so much fun! I wish we could have stayed longer. Why?”
“Just been thinking about it lately. About the work that was being done mapping out the sunken city. Do you remember our trip into Sparta? When we met that guy who made the weapon replicas?” Ellie brightened as she remembered the moment.
Gina laughed. “Yeah, I do. That guy was pretty intense. Do you remember his eyes?” She smirked at the memory. “They were gorgeous, like a silvery blue.” Gina crinkled her eyebrows. “He took a real interest in you. He asked us to come back. Why didn’t we go back to see him?” 
“I did,” Ellie said quietly.
“Huh? And… you’re just telling me now? What happened? When did you go? Where was I?”
Ellie snickered before answering, “You, my friend, were out on a date with Christos.”
“Oh.” Gina giggled, remembering her date. “Well, why didn’t you wait till the next morning or something?”
“Because we were scheduled to work on the boat all day. That night was really the only time I had free to go talk to that guy.”
“So, how did it go? What did you talk about?”
“Nothing and everything. It was like he just wanted to listen to me talk. I spent a few hours with him. He served me tea and some desserts, then I went home… and you were still out.”
“This isn’t about me. What else? That can’t be it.”
Ellie shrugged. “I don’t know. He just seemed really concerned and wanted to teach me. I guess being a weapons guy…” Ellie remembered her meeting with the weapon maker. He talked to her about being on guard and having her defenses up at all times. “We got into a sparring session. He gave me some pointers. Oh, he gave me a gift. I completely forgot to tell you. We were so busy after that.” Ellie started looking around her office. “I think I have them here somewhere.” 
She rummaged through her desk drawers and file cabinets. She flipped up stacks of papers, and moved files until she came upon a beautifully wrapped object that had been hidden underneath a small mountain of folders.
“Here it is!” 
“What is it?”
“I don’t know. I haven’t opened it. I’d forgotten about it. Well, till now.” Ellie carefully placed the black velvet cloth on her desk. She could easily make out the shape of two tubular rows parallel to each other. It was too long and too heavy to be a scroll. Ellie peeled the soft cloth away, excited to see two gleaming silver sticks, each one measuring about twenty-six inches in length and about an inch in diameter. 
The sticks were beautifully hand forged and hand polished. Ellie ran her fingers along the length of the sticks, feeling the indentions where the hammer struck to bend the metal into shape. Each stick was finished off with smooth golden tips on each end, reminding her of double-tipped arrows. They were beautiful.
Gina stood next to Ellie to take a closer look. “Wow! Those are amazing, but they aren’t replicas. I can tell you they didn’t use that kind of weaponry in ancient Sparta. Looks like those were made special for you.” Gina winked at her.
Ellie smiled and lifted the weapons out of the soft velvet cloth. She held one in each hand, and felt for weight and balance. “These feel really good. Solid. Strong… and not too heavy.” She started to spin the stick in her right hand, allowing the momentum to increase, making the sticks blur in the air.
Ellie moved back from her desk and got into a fighting stance, the sticks poised on either side of her body. Slowly, she remembered the weapon maker’s lessons coming back to her and, without thought, she began to mimic the images that were flashing within her memory. She felt the air buzzing around her, warming her hands as she executed the defensive blocks and maneuvers.
“Dang, girl! That was incredible! Where did you learn that?” Gina was clapping as Ellie finished her exercise.
“From that guy, except we were using broken spears at the time. These are better.”
“Well, be careful with those things. You can poke someone’s eye out with those sharp tips.” Gina laughed.
Ellie laughed with her friend. This was why she enjoyed Gina’s company so much. She could be herself and Gina accepted her completely.
“Yeah. We need to go back there for a real vacation. No work, just fun. Can you imagine? Ahh.” Gina sighed dreamily and started to twirl on her tiptoes. 
Ellie chuckled while she watched Gina’s auburn hair cascading in the air, as she flourished around the table, pretending to dance under the sun. 
She stopped and flopped herself on a chair and turned to Ellie. “So… what’s really on your mind? Don’t think I can’t tell when you try to distract me. It only works for a little bit.”
Ellie pressed her lips together and shook her head. “I don’t know myself, but I want to find out.”
“Find out what?”
“Angels.”
“What?! You’re not making much sense right now. Talk to me, Ellie. Since when did you have an interest in the celestial? This part of your fascination with the weird?”
Ellie sat back down and sighed. She covered her eyes with the backs of her hand as she spun around in her chair. Gina’s left eyebrow raised in scrutiny. 
“Um, why don’t you go ahead and go. It’s late. I’ll finish up here. There’s not much left to do anyway,” Gina offered.
“You’re probably right. I need to clear my head.” Ellie got up and walked to her friend and gave her a hug. “I owe you one.”
“Get outta here. You need to give me a raise!” Gina teased, waving her away and out of her office. 
She rode her bike home in a hurry. She couldn’t pedal fast enough and the limitations of the bike’s capacity felt intolerable to her. She got home and ran to her closet. She remembered that she had carelessly thrown her jacket on the floor the other night. Caleb had taken her home after she had talked with Isabel. He’d given her a card, beautifully scripted with a phone number and nothing else -- no name, no address. Ellie figured it must have been a number for Isabel. 
She had stuck the card in her jacket pocket after Caleb had handed it to her. She watched his black SUV drive off, thinking that she would never see them again. That she did not want anything to do with them. That she would go back to her normal life after one weird and freaky night. But something had been nagging at her, and she couldn’t focus on anything. She needed to see Isabel again.
She grabbed the jacket and started patting it down, feeling for the card. Nothing. 
She stuck her hand in all the pockets, anxiety rising at the thought of having lost the card. It was not there. She started looking around her closet floor, tossing everything aside to clear whatever spot she was looking through. Finally, she saw a white corner peeking out from under one of her boots. She grabbed for the bright white card, relief filling her.
She’d left abruptly and didn’t know if Isabel would talk to her again. She prayed that she would. She stared at the beautifully scrolled number for a long time, her nerves twisting her gut. 
She clutched her phone tightly, contemplating the worse responses that might be coming. It seemed like hours had passed before she started to dial. She closed her eyes, trying to gather her nerves. Why was she so nervous? 
She’d spoken to panels of top scientists, had made presentations to request grants, and taught large classes. She had no problem talking. Why were her nerves fired up about this? She blew out, hoping her nervousness would settle. It was now or never, she thought. 
The number connected quickly, the ringing on the other end confirming a working number. On the third ring, her call was picked up. She immediately recognized Isabel’s soft voice. 
“Hi, Isabel? It’s Ellie.”
“Hello, Elysa. What can I do for you?”
Ellie was quiet, hesitating. 
“Is everything alright, Elysa?”
“Um, yeah, yeah, everything is ok. I’ve just been…” She was stammering. She suddenly felt like a little kid. “I apologize for my behavior the other day. If it’s alright, I’d like to come by.” 
“Of course, Elysa. You’re welcome here anytime. I’ll send a car for you.” Ellie smiled, feeling the sincerity in Isabel’s voice coming through the phone. 
“Thank you, Isabel.”
It was an hour later when her apartment intercom buzzed. “Miss Elysa? Isabel sent me.”
She walked out to see a black luxury sedan waiting for her. The lines of the car were classically designed -- sleek, smooth, and clean. The car boasted an understated profile that hid a lot of horsepower underneath the hood. She could feel the motor vibrating through the concrete and up the soles of her feet. 
Ellie hesitantly walked toward the passenger door. She bent down to look through the window and waved. The heavily-tinted window rolled down to reveal a friendly face smiling at her. The driver was a younger man who could have easily been a freshman in one of her biology classes. He had a full smile that made his dark brown eyes squint and twinkle.
He adjusted his knitted cap away from his forehead. The wooly hat did nothing to contain the heavy waves of thick, chestnut brown hair. He waved for her to get into the car, and she heard the distinct pop of the doors unlocking. 
Ellie got in the passenger seat and stifled a chuckle. Was she sitting in a recliner? Ellie was by no means short, at 5’8”, she felt taller than most women, but the bucket seat was slung so far back that she might as well have been lying down. 
The soft leather seat was warm and comfortable, and she feared that she’d fall asleep if she didn’t find a way to bring the back up a little. 
She reached under her seat and around its perimeter, feeling for a lever, a knob, or some other mechanical device to adjust it. She felt nothing but a hard plastic covering that blocked the bottom. She studied the multiple buttons on her door panel, but felt like she was looking at hieroglyphs.
“Miss Elysa?” She looked over her shoulder, her search for the elusive seat control gizmo interrupted. Her face flushed at the chuckle the young man was trying to repress. 
She must have looked ridiculous. “Could you help me? Pretty please?”
“Yes, ma'am.” The young man pressed a button on the door on his side. Ellie felt the smooth whirring of gears underneath her as the seat slid forward and her back rest rose to fluidly meet her spine. “Is that better, Miss Elysa?”
“Yes, thank you.” She smiled at the young man, relieved that she didn’t have to arrive low-riding in the passenger seat. What an impression that would make. She needed a second chance and looking ridiculous in the car wasn’t a good place to start.
The drive from her apartment to The Order’s estate took about 45 minutes, her attentive companion slowing down to point out a marker designating the start of Anakim lands. “Look there,” he was pointing to a fat eucalyptus tree shedding its outer bark. “That’s where our border starts.”
The car climbed an incline. Giant redwoods, ancient spectators to a host of human angels, stood tall on the sloping hillsides of the property. She looked up at the sweeping height of the trees, amazed at the size of the long-lived conifers. The treetops swayed in the breeze, sending birds squawking out of the highest branches. 
The young man stopped at a silver gate sculpted with fine filigreed swirls that reminded Ellie of lace. The gate opened smoothly, like curtains being swept open on a stage.
The two-story colonial mansion with a sweeping arched entry and large windows all around was a beautiful sight. It was postcard perfect up to the meticulously manicured lawns adjoining a cobblestone driveway that curved gently toward the front of the house. 
The mansion was impressive and almost surreal in its perfection. The last time she’d been there, she hadn’t bothered to look at the exterior of the house when Caleb drove her away. She’d been rattled by what Isabel told her. 
She didn’t understand why she was affected so deeply. She was a scientist by trade and, by nature, highly curious. She liked to think that she kept an open mind and allowed room for exploration. That’s how things were discovered and new things learned. So why was she having such difficulty with the notion of the Anakim? Did she really have a problem in believing in the divine? 
Maybe it was not the Anakim that troubled her thoughts. Maybe what troubled her was that Isabel thought she was one of them. How was that possible? The Anakim seemed to know their destiny. They were born into it. The last thing she felt was a connection to a god. It didn’t make sense. Maybe Isabel was wrong. Ellie couldn’t even wrap her head around it.
Angels, demons, a war? 
The cobblestone crunched underneath the tires as it came to a stop. “Here we are, Miss Elysa. By the way, I’m Josh. Hope to see you around.”
Ellie smiled warmly and looked out her window before opening the door. She drew in a long breath to steady her nerves and got out of the car. She watched Josh drive away until he exited the silver gate. She turned toward the front doors, heart beating wildly.
The doors were unlocked and she instantly recognized the main foyer. From the front door, the room was a half-circle with a hallway radiating out from each side, and two more toward the northwest corner. The grand staircase substituted for a fifth curly ray projecting in the northeast direction. 
She stood at the entrance looking around, unsure of how she would find Isabel. She thought about heading to the library, but then heard voices coming from the second floor. She climbed the wide mahogany staircase, unable to resist gliding her left hand over the highly polished wood of the banister. 
She reached the second floor landing, her breath catching at the sight of a golden god walking toward her. Her heart jumped into her throat, preventing her from breathing. 
The man was tall, shirtless, and regal in his bearing. She could see the prominent definition of his deltoids where his broad shoulders nicely rounded out and met the cut of his biceps. 
Her eyes took on a mind of their own, perusing the specimen in front of her like she had just discovered a new species of man. She could see the definition of his lower abs below his belly button, the deep angled lines of his oblique’s drawing her eyes lower down the lose pajama bottoms that hung precariously on his tight, narrow hips. 
He was injured, but she saw no trace of weakness. The man bore the smooth, steady, and assured gait of confidence, and he was getting closer. 
He looked at her, holding her gaze. She couldn’t breathe. His eyes were absorbing her, pulling her into his world and she succumbed. She wanted to swim in those eyes and get lost in them. They were mesmerizing and… heterochromic -- one a deep indigo while the other, equally rich, was a dark emerald green, both with rays of gold bursting out from the center of the pupil. 
Her heart pounded wildly. 
He stood in front of her and looked down upon her face. Her mind went hazy in his nearness. The corner of his mouth curved up as he continued to study her, savor her. 
She should say something.
She gasped slowly for breath. Her mind was lost and she couldn’t seem to find the words to articulate her purpose. What in the world was going on with her brain?
“Elysa, there you are. Josh told me he got you here safely. I am sorry I wasn’t there to meet you at the entrance.” Isabel stopped, noticing the interaction between the two. She smiled, recognizing the connection. “Elysa, this is Jarron. Jarron, this is Elysa,” Isabel introduced.
“Please, just call me Ellie. It’s good to meet you.” She extended her hand to shake his, but instantly reprimanded herself for forgetting that both his arms were injured. He was in a sling and heavily bandaged, and probably couldn’t shake her hand. Why couldn’t she think around this guy? 
He reached for her hand and bent down to kiss the tops of her fingers. The feel of his lips on her skin set her aflame. The warmth spread across her cheeks and down her neck, making her sun-kissed skin look rosy pink. He raised himself slowly, never letting go of her hand. Ellie could feel her skin tingling and heating where he chose to let his eyes linger. 
She was paralyzed under his gaze. 
“Elysa, I have some things that I need to finish up. If you would please do me a favor and accompany Jarron back to his room? He needs to rest. Maybe he will listen to you.”
Why would he listen to her? Jarron didn’t look like the type that took orders from anyone. He looked like he commanded situations and was the one giving orders. “Uh, yeah, sure,” was all Ellie could think of to say. She wasn’t about to argue with Isabel, even though she really didn’t know what she was supposed to say or do with him.
It wasn’t like Isabel asked her to take a pup out for a walk. This man left her completely ruffled and she was supposed to take him back to his bedroom? Her mind wandered feverishly at the thought of his bedroom and of him taking command of her. Good lord! She felt her face redden as her thoughts continued to stray. The man was injured and all she could think of was what lay underneath those sexy pajamas. Great, she thought reprehensibly to herself.
She looked up at him to find that he was smirking. She glowered at him. What was so funny? He cleared his throat and slightly dipped down his head, his eyes still locked on to hers.
“You can meet me back in the library when you are ready.” Isabel waved as she descended down the stairs.
“It’s okay. He shook his head, “You don’t need to take me back to my room.” His voice was labored, weak, and this jarred Ellie. He looked so sure and so strong, but his voice revealed something else. She looked at him and wished that he would smile again and ease her worry. Instead, she saw the fatigue that was taking over. He bowed graciously and turned away to head back to his room. 
“Wait! Isabel said to make sure you’re okay. Let me walk back with you. Please.”
He didn’t utter any arguments. Ellie figured that was as close to an agreement that she was going to get. She caught up to him and they walked back to his room together. She felt surrounded in his warmth, his closeness making her want to caress the smooth skin of his chest. 
Her heart raced faster, her breathing faltering with each step they took.
They arrived at his door and she let him walk inside without following him in. She told herself that it was to give him space but, in reality, it was so she could calm herself. She felt disoriented by the rush of emotions dancing within her. She’d never felt like this with anyone. 
She stood quietly by the door and watched him get back in bed. Ellie held back, unsure of what she could offer him, but eventually found the courage to walk in and stand by his bed. 
He closed his eyes, his breathing staggered with effort. She looked at him, her protective nature rising, and wondered what happened to him. She wished she had more to offer as she carefully reached down to help reposition his pillows and readjust his covers. 
Realization dawned on her as she looked at the handsome face. The man in the club! He had carried her off and stopped her from going into something that she knew was dangerous. He saved her. Was this her fault? She hated to see people get hurt, but to get hurt because of her? 
Ellie was turning to leave when she heard Jarron whisper. “Thank you.” Her shame kept her from responding. She was the one who should be thanking him, not the other way around. But if she tried to speak now, she would break down crying. Instead, she quickened her pace out of the room. 
Ellie knocked on the open library door before entering. Isabel looked up from a large and weathered book, her small rectangular glasses slipping from her nose. She waved for her to come in. “I’d like you to take a look at this.” 
She pointed to the open page of the book. The pages looked thinned, brittle, and had the unmistakable smell of dust and timeworn paper. Ellie fingered the page lightly, afraid it would tear under pressure.
She looked at Isabel, confusion wrinkling her forehead. “What am I looking at?”
“The Anakim bloodlines. Centuries of information are contained within these pages.”
“What does this mean?”
“It means you are Anakim through your mother’s line.”
Ellie could hardly fathom that her grandparents and uncle came from angels. They’d always been cold, judgmental, and unforgiving. Even after her mom’s disappearance, they hadn’t bothered to show Ellie any concern. No phone calls, no visits, no holiday cards, nothing. If they had exerted any effort, it was in separating themselves further away from her. She might as well have not existed. 
“I don’t understand. This can’t be right.” Ellie shook her head, fighting the urge to cry.
“Read further, Elysa,” Isabel urged gently.
Ellie scanned the page further to find that the lines denoting her mother’s parentage contained two sets of names. Was that a mistake? Ellie was struggling to find the answer, refusing to accept what she was looking at, but the truth was before her. 
One line was clearly labeled “biological parents” and the other “adoptive parents.” She let the tears fall freely as the fragile shell around her world began to crack. The reality of who she was, was beginning to reveal itself to her. 
Ellie steadied her voice to ask. “What happened to my mom’s biological parents? Are they still around? Can I find them?”
Isabel looked at her, sadness filling her eyes. “They were killed soon after your mother was born. That was how your mother came to be with the Amalfis.”
“Did she know about you?” 
“Yes, Elysa, she did.”
“Did my mom know? I mean, about her adoption?”
“Eventually, yes, she did.” Isabel’s voice was gentle, quiet. 
Ellie’s mind was buzzing with millions of questions, her emotions welling, threatening to flood what little composure she had left. Who are these people? How do they know about my family? Why didn’t my mother say anything to me? Her heart twinged at the thought. That was perhaps the biggest hurt of all; that her mother, who she shared everything with, would keep this secret. She felt a sense of betrayal from the one person that she completely trusted. 
Ellie felt like her world was spinning out of control. She didn’t like being left in the dark. She’d always had a need to know, a need to solve. That was partly why she was so eager to investigate, to explore, and to understand. She wanted to find that missing element that would make sense of a mystery. With known quantities, you can plan, prepare, and adjust. That was how she’d been able to maintain some semblance of control in her life. Unknowns had a way of ravaging reality, of paralyzing progress. 
Ellie broke down, unable to contain her feelings any longer. Isabel held her as a mother would. She said no words and simply offered comfort and compassion.
Her mind started working and her inquisitive nature went into overdrive. She had to find answers; she needed to know what this was all about. What more was Isabel going to share with her? Did she want to know? Was she ready? The line of questioning she was rehearsing within her mind calmed her down. It saved her from her heart and she was going to take advantage.
“Isabel, please tell me about my grandparents. My real ones.”
Isabel looked at her and smoothed her hair behind her ears. She took a deep breath and clasped Ellie’s hands in hers.
“Elysa, you are Anakim, as was your mother and your grandfather. You carry within you generations of information that date back to ancient times… to the times of angels upon this earth. Your grandfather was very gifted and served as one of our High Guardians -- like Jarron and Caleb.”
Ellie looked at Isabel, wanting her to continue.
“Your grandfather and I grew up and trained together. He was a dear friend, someone I could always count on. I served in his unit and we fought many battles together. He saved my life more than once. He never let me forget it, either.” Isabel smiled before continuing. “We had been sent on a mission to help one of the Wiccan communities in the city when Raijin, your grandfather, met Thea, your grandmother. It was a fiery meeting… and I don’t mean heat and passion.” 
Ellie was holding back a smile as she listened to Isabel speak about her grandparents.
“Your grandmother was incredibly beautiful, highly skilled in her art, and not afraid to stand up to a hulking Anakim Guardian. Your grandfather was trying to save the ‘fair maidens in distress’…” Isabel rolled her eyes playfully, “and wanted your grandmother to get out of the way so he could do his job. But your grandmother was not about to be bossed around or, worse yet, be kept from helping her Sisters. The battle with the demons that night intensified. Our side was losing terribly. So many people suffered. Your grandmother, in a last stand, conjured a flame so intense that it engulfed her entire sanctuary and all the demons in it. She would’ve died in that battle… had your grandfather not gone back into the burning building to find her.”
Ellie’s eyes were wide with interest.
“One would think that, after such a trying encounter, they would find an amicable place to agree. Oh no. Your grandparents argued like the dickens, each one trying to out-do the other. Perhaps that’s what happens when you get two leaders together. Until one day, they finally admitted that they were actually in love. Sure took them long enough.” Isabel chuckled. “I must say, you come from a very stubborn line, my dear. The rest is history. They married and later had Sarah, your mother. I’d never seen them happier than when they brought her home.”
Ellie enjoyed the thought that her mother’s and her own stubbornness were inherited from two amazing people. It made her feel connected to a real family.
“Unfortunately, it was shortly after that when the demon attacks increased. At first, it seemed like the attacks were random -- simply to cause confusion and chaos, but it soon became clear that the demons were targeting Anakim families and alliances within the community.” Isabel’s eyes darkened with grief. “We lost so many kin. So much blood was shed.”
Ellie’s smile was fading in anticipation of the sad turn in the story.
“Your grandparents feared for the safety of their child. They wanted her to have a chance at life, whether or not she was with the Anakim. They wanted your mom to live a life, a life of hope and promise. They came to an extremely difficult and painful decision. They gave her up for adoption to hide her identity.” Isabel took a deep breath. 
“The day they gave her up… perhaps it was because of their broken hearts or maybe they were distracted, or… or… ” Isabel slumped heavily. “They were attacked -- murdered. Your grandparents were each powerful in their own right, but together, they were just about unstoppable. They shouldn’t have been approached so easily. To have been so vulnerable… It didn’t make sense.” 
“Murdered?” Ellie was stunned.
Isabel wiped a tear from the corner of her eye and gathered herself again. “It didn’t take long before the Amalfis adopted your mother. We continued to watch her from a distance. We could not get close or allow for any signs that would connect her to the Anakim. The Amalfis were a good family and seemed to have given your mother a safe and stable upbringing.”
Ellie had to admit that “safe and stable” certainly described the Amalfis. Her mother was brought up in a well-to-do family and, although her mother had all the material wealth she could wish for, she often craved affection from her parents. Her mother often questioned her parents’ love, or perhaps their ability to express it, to express anything… emotional.
“Our numbers, both inside and outside of The Order, had dwindled greatly. The demons’ staged attacks were effective and almost extinguished us. The remaining Anakim families were fearful and hid. It was a critical time and my predecessor made a decision to rally the remaining families together and fight for our very existence.”
“How did she react to all this? My mom.”
“Your mother grew up into an incredible woman. Many years passed before we tried to communicate with her. She was, of course, troubled at first. Upset, much like you are.”
“I’m guessing she turned you down?”
“No, Elysa, she did not. She accepted her heritage. She knew in her heart that it was the truth. Her truth. Your mother helped us immensely.”
“I… never knew.” Ellie felt like she was about to succumb to tears again, but fought it back. “What did she do for you? How? We were always together. When would she have…?”
“Your mother was a Watcher. She studied, was trained, and knew how to identify things that are out of the ordinary. She was a gregarious student, wanted to learn everything -- our history, our abilities, our ways to protect. She was a force of light, as strong as they come. She chose to be a Watcher, but she could have easily been a Guardian.”
Ellie’s composure was crumbling. What else had been kept from her? Why hadn’t her mother trusted her?
“She was able to live her life with you and also work with us, alerting us to strange happenings. Like your grandparents, your mother also wanted you to have a good life; a normal one, one where you were not under constant threat. This was more important to her than anything else. She loved you dearly, Elysa. She often said that you were her life.”
Ellie could no longer control her tears. 
“Why now? Why talk to me now about all this? Why not just let me live my life?”
“Because you are needed. We do not take this lightly. We understand the dangers that come with this association. That is why it is a choice. Your choice. If you want nothing of this world, then we will honor your decision; if you would like to join us, then there is much to learn.”
Ellie could not provide Isabel an answer right then. She excused herself and asked for a few days to think about their conversation. She was definitely curious about the Anakim and The Order. They seemed like good people, but were they for real? Was there really an invisible war of good against evil raging amidst humans? Angelic descendants? Her family? Was it all possible?
She walked slowly down the hallway to find Caleb waiting for her. “Isabel said you might need a ride home.”
“Yes, thank you.”
“Did you just find out you’re an angel?” Caleb asked.
Ellie was still lost in thought. “I’m no angel.” 
Caleb chuckled. “You said it, not me!”
Aghast, Ellie looked at him, but caught the mischief behind his turquoise eyes. “Come on. I better take you home before I say anything else that’ll get me in trouble.”
****
It didn’t take Ellie long to decide. She would join The Order and learn about the Anakim. She would find out about this other world that had existed all around her, but had been blind to. It was a world where her mother belonged, a world where she could, perhaps, find a place to belong.
The time was right. 
Maybe this was the change she needed. The winter quarter was coming to an end. She would finish up with finals and take a sabbatical. 
The director of her department was not happy with her abrupt notice, but he wouldn’t dare deny her request. The Amalfis were generous contributors to the university and their steady funding was the sole reason why some projects even existed. Her director would not want to take a chance at severing that lucrative relationship. She didn’t bother to tell her director that her family couldn’t stand her. 
She made it a point to let Gina know before everyone else. She’d been a good friend and someone she felt a solid connection to. Ellie was not sure what was ahead of her and she needed her to know how much she’d meant to her. 
“Okay, Ellie, you’re scaring me. Is everything okay? Why are you acting like you’re not coming back?”
It had always been difficult to hide her feelings from her friend. Gina knew her better than anyone and she was afraid her friend’s keen senses were picking up on intent that she was denying -- even to herself.
“It’s nothing. Really. I just need to take a break to find myself,” Ellie joked. “I’ll be in touch.” She gave her suspicious friend a hug, feeling Gina tighten her hold around her. She was truly touched and held on longer than she meant to, realizing how much she cherished the friendship that had grown between them over the years. 
Gina wasn’t buying it. Her frown said it all.
“Listen, actually, I do need to ask you something,” Ellie said hesitantly, not sure how Gina would react to her request. “Could you house sit for me while I’m away?” She had a feeling that Gina would welcome time away from her roommates and she hoped the offer would also keep her from asking anymore questions.
Gina brightened, the frown was gone. “Yeah, sure… anything.”


Back to top



Chapter Four
Monday, December 17th

The week passed quickly with finals, processing scores, and calculating her students’ grades. She felt elated and excited, but nervous, too. She found herself humming as she packed up her personal items from her office, said her goodbyes, and waited for Josh at their appointed hour. 
His friendly face was a ray of sunshine that melted the nervousness off of her. Ellie watched the young man load her bags into the trunk of his car, his thick, curly chunks of hair falling down his forehead whenever he stooped to grab a bag. Ellie giggled, watching him try to blow the hair out of his face. It was a completely endearing gesture that accentuated his youth. 
He refused to let Ellie help. 
She looked closer at Josh and could see years of wisdom behind his youthful eyes. They were clear with the knowledge of who he was and his purpose in this life. He seemed so grounded and was so unlike many of her students, who seemed to walk around lost and confused. 
He must have felt her staring and looked up with a smile. A thought crossed her mind about the Anakim men she’d met so far. They were all tall and handsome and she wondered if that was just a fluke or something inherent to this group.
Josh expertly navigated the winding roads, taking a much slower pace to the estate, making sure that he pointed out important landmarks nestled amidst the forest. “It’s important that you know where these are, Miss Elysa.”
The landmarks now seemed so obvious that she wondered how she’d missed them before. One in particular, was a simple white orb resting atop a pedestal. The orb’s surface was smooth and polished like marble, but had a translucency and a certain clarity that was unlike any marble she’d seen before. In certain angles, when the pedestal was lost from her sight, the orb appeared to float in midair. It was absolutely surreal. She fixated on it as they drove by, trying to take in its simple but fascinating beauty for as long as possible. 
“That ball is a good one to remember. It’s really powerful,” Josh stated, his eyes fixed on the road.
“What are they for?”
“Some are shields, some are totems. That one you just spotted is an amplifier. It increases the strength of our shields.” He slowed as he came upon a bend.
Ellie looked outside her window and enjoyed the passing scenery of the majestic woods. The light dimmed momentarily as they passed under a thick canopy of leaves. The sound of a raven’s call echoed from the treetops, diverting her attention to find the bird. She looked up and glimpsed the swaying of branches and the silhouette of a large black bird flying across the sky. 
She caught motion from the corner of her eye and turned her gaze quickly. In her periphery, she saw a figure of a man standing near a giant redwood. 
Uncertainty crinkled her brows. Unsure if she had indeed seen a man there, Ellie turned to look by the tree as the car glided forward. Maybe the shadows were playing tricks on her. She looked to the same area again before they were too far ahead. No one was there. 
“Josh? Do you have statues around the property?”
“Umm, yeah. Why? Did you have something in mind?”
“I just… I thought I saw someone standing over there, but when I looked again, I…”
“I don’t remember any statues out here, but there are some cool ones in the estate’s garden. I can show you, if you want.” 
Ellie felt the car slowing to a stop. “We’re here!” Josh announced brightly.
They reached the ornate silver gate leading to the estate’s driveway. The gate sparkled in the sun as it slipped behind an ivy-covered wall. Ellie marveled at the grandeur and beauty of the place. She felt its splendor greet her. Were things about this property more vibrant and lush because of what she knew about its inhabitants? Or was something in her changing that allowed her to see more clearly?
Isabel was waiting for Ellie outside the main entrance, her face bright with the full smile of an expectant host excited for the arrival of an honored guest. She greeted her with a hug the moment she exited the car.
“Welcome, Elysa. We are truly thrilled to have you with us.” Isabel led Ellie inside the foyer, which had been expertly decorated in holiday trimmings. Greens, reds, and golds were skillfully arranged in wondrous designs. It was so festive, she half expected little cherubs to descend from the ceiling.
“It’s so beautiful, Isabel. It looks amazing in here.”
Isabel nodded to Ellie in acknowledgement. “You’ve come just in time. Tomorrow we are having a party to celebrate. It will give you a chance to meet the rest of the household,” Isabel informed her as she marched Ellie up the stairs. “I’ve prepared your room from your last visit.” She opened the door and motioned for Ellie to walk in. “Since you will be staying with us for a time, I thought you might enjoy having some additional things in your room. There’s a small bookshelf by the window. Feel free to go to the library and get any book you wish to fill your shelf. I’ve also had a writing table brought up for you. You’ll find a television inside the armoire, as well as a laptop, and the bathroom has been stocked with various toiletries that you might need.” Isabel smiled warmly and bowed before leaving.
 “Thank you. This looks perfect.”
“We’re having an early supper tonight. Be ready in an hour. Do you remember where the kitchen is?” 
Ellie nodded. “I’ll be there.” She got busy putting her things away and re-acquainted herself with her room.
The last time she was here, Jarron had been injured and was staying down the hallway. She let her mind wander and sheepishly smiled to herself as images of his pajamas slipped through her mind. Ellie, focus! The man was injured and all you can think of are his pajamas, she thought.
She looked around her luxurious surroundings and mumbled, “This will be home for the next few months.” 
She went to the bedside table and placed a picture of her mom holding her when she was just a toddler. This was her favorite. Her mom was sitting on the wooden deck of their boat, her arms completely wrapped around her as they both smiled for the camera. Her mother looked radiant and so happy. She was a natural beauty of mixed heritage. Her passion and zeal for life spoke volumes through her expressive eyes. Eyes that many have said are just like hers. She ran her fingers tenderly down the frame. “Love you.”
The hour passed quickly as she meditated about the potential of this new life. Was this going to be her future? By the time she realized what time it was, she was fifteen minutes late for dinner. She hated to keep people waiting and prided herself on being punctual. 
In her rush, she slid into the kitchen and was relieved to see a bevy of activity.
Josh spotted her and waved her in. “Sorry, Miss Elysa. We’re running a little late.”
She smiled in relief and was amused to see a bunch of teens happily fixing dinner. One group seemed to be in charge of the salad, while another watched over some pots on the stove, and another group was setting up the dining table. Josh and his bouncing curls was the runner between each group.
Ellie chuckled at Josh’s exuberance and speed as he answered calls from each group preparing tonight’s meal. “Can I help?” she asked.
“Noooo. We are totally good. Almost done, in fact.” Josh beamed proudly. “Just have a seat and relax. We got this.” He pulled out a bar stool resting underneath one of the counters and flamboyantly curtsied to her before gesturing for her to sit. 
Ellie suppressed a laugh as Josh’s exaggerated bow was met by a flying rag from one of the teens. From the cohesiveness of their activity, she could tell that this was something they were used to. Ellie wondered who everyone was. Did Isabel always have this many people in her house? 
Isabel came in shortly after Ellie and coordinated the last phases of dinner preparation. Soon, everyone was gathered at a farm-style dining table decorated with fresh cut flowers and the sumptuous meal that the teens had prepared.
Isabel asked Ellie to sit next to her. Once everyone was settled in, she made the introductions. The twins, Tess and Theresa, prepared the salad. Joy and Ryan set the table. And, finally, the chefs’ du-jour were Julian, James, and Nel. Each teen glowed with a certain kind of innocence and enthusiasm, the freshness of their faces reflective of a life full of happiness and belonging.
The table conversation was lively with the teens bantering back and forth about various topics of interest, many causing Isabel to raise her eyebrows in warning and Ellie to snort in laughter. 
****
Jarron spent most of the day at the manor’s underground facilities. It had been dubbed “Haven” by The Order’s early members and the name stuck. Haven was a network of underground rooms connected by a system of tunnels spread out between three levels. It was wired with multiple layers of security, both techno and magick.
Unwanted visitors did not get far. Most of Haven was underneath the hill situated behind the manor and was where the Guardians spent most of their time. This was where they trained and practiced, got intel, prepared for missions, and were debriefed. It was the heart of their operations.
He decided to go to the Control Room. He was feeling a lot better, but the Healers still had him grounded from field work. The heavy glass doors hissed open to allow him entry. The Control Room’s main operator, Sirius, was at his usual station, leisurely reclined with his feet up on his desk, watching a wall of monitors. At the moment, his ever watchful eyes were focused on one monitor that was filling up with codes as the tech genius pounded away at a keyboard balanced on his lap.
Sirius was gifted in all things electronic. He connected with tech data the same way Jarron connected with physical energy. Sirius waved to him without turning away from his work.
“What have I missed?” Jarron asked.
“You really want to know?”
He walked to the back of Sirius’ chair to get a closer look. Sirius pointed to a screen where he wanted Jarron to focus. “Look there.” It was a surveillance video from the commercial port off of the Embarcadero. The video was grainy and stalled every few seconds. The images were hard to discern for detail, but good enough to watch for activity.
He watched four men milling around, smoking. They were wearing hard hats and safety vests over a company uniform. The men clearly worked at the port and were probably on a break. “Keep looking at the big guy in the middle,” Sirius directed. 
Jarron leaned forward to get a closer look at the screen. The man Sirius pointed out dropped his cigarette on the ground and squashed it with his boot. He seemed to be getting ready to leave, when suddenly, he collapsed. The other workers immediately rushed to help him. Two men knelt next to the collapsed man, their backs to the camera. The third man stood on the other side, talking frantically into his cell phone. 
“Heart attack?” 
“Waaait for it… There! See it?!” Sirius blurted out.
“Play it back.”
Sirius played it back to the moment when the collapsed man was coming around. His friends were helping him up to his feet and the man rose slowly, shaking his head, trying to find his balance. He looked up toward the camera and that’s when Jarron’s hackles bristled. The man’s eyes glowed for the briefest second before returning to normal.
“What was that? Some sort of reflection?” Jarron asked, wanting to hear another explanation.
“I’ve been running diagnostics on the video to check for any possible glitches. Everything is negative. I looked at the light sources in that area, too. All the lights are pointing down. A slight bounce back into his eyes could cause a small light reflection, but they wouldn’t make that guy’s eyes glow like that. I even thought it was a sort of red-eye effect. That ain’t it, either. His eyes were completely lit!” 
“Demon,” Jarron gritted out, voice low.
“It’s got to be. The glow was a short burst, but intense. Plus, it was isolated to the guy’s eye sockets. No external sources.”
“Do we have information on him?” 
“Yeah, ran it first thing this morning. Nothing out of the ordinary. Name is Clyde Winsdale. Been working at the port for the last 20 years. Lives out in Suisun. No family. No criminal record whatsoever. He’s clean.”
“When was the video taken?”
“Late last night.”
“Do we have any other information?”
“Not yet. Caleb and his unit went out this morning to poke around. They’re not back yet.”
“They haven’t checked in?”
“Listen, Jay. That’s not all. There’s been other occurrences all throughout the city. People collapsing for no reason, getting up as if nothing happened, then…” Sirius was hesitating.
Jarron looked to his brethren, whose thick brows were creased with concern.
“They’re gone. Disappeared. Vanished. Poof. Every single person that we’ve tracked who has suffered this same non-explainable collapse has gone missing.”
“How many?”
“Eight. We can’t say for sure when each one disappeared. By the time we got wind of them, it was too late. They were already gone.”
“What about the eyes? All the same with the others?”
“Mr. Winsdale here is the first we’ve captured on film with the glowing eyes. The others might have had it, too.” Sirius shrugged. “Who knows? On the other films, the subjects were blocked from view.”
“Where’s my team?”
“They’ve been dispatched to Golden Gate Park. Maya’s been given the lead in your absence.”
“What’s the assignment?” Jarron was frustrated, his fists clenched behind Sirius’ chair. He could feel his temper rising. He should have been out there. He’d trained Maya himself and was confident in her abilities, but it was his duty. His team. His responsibility. Their safe return was his priority.
“Recon. Lots of weird reports coming in from people at the park about sulfuric smells and low-hanging black clouds.”
“Where are the others?”
“Kingston and Thorne are not back from Chicago, but they should be coming in on the red-eye tonight. Kash and his group are still in Reno. Same ETA… hopefully. ”
“Where’s the data?”
“Over there on the conference table. I was compiling the information last night to run schematics this morning. I haven’t had a chance to go through it yet.”
Jarron walked to the large conference table made of the same beautiful mahogany that was present throughout the manor. The table was thick and old and had seen many years of wear. He liked this table. The energy within its cells still vibrated with strength. Generations of guardians had sat around this table, doing exactly what he and his brethren were doing now. 
He sat in one of the high-backed leather chairs and began studying the information that Sirius had pulled together -- eight occurrences, including Mr. Winsdale… five males, three females of varied ethnicities. Interestingly, each one appeared to have no family. 
Other data gathered also seemed to indicate that each person had a significant position within the companies that they worked for. One was a vice-president, another was a CEO of a small start-up company, another was a senior partner in a law firm. The credentials went on and on amongst the eight people, including charity work for various organizations. For all intents and purposes, all eight seemed to be good, hard-working people. 
The first seven had been reported missing by co-workers, citing that it would be out of character for each not to call and not to show up, especially given their positions within the companies. All seven went M.I.A. right after the shadow beast appeared at the club. There had to be a connection. Jarron stared at the paper. There was something missing. “Run more data.” 
“Sure thing. What’re you thinking?”
“Pull the locations where the Watchers have reported activity this week. Look for patterns -- any kind.”
“You got an idea about this?”
“I don’t know yet. I need more information. We gotta start digging. Get me more info on the victims.” 
“I’ll get right on it.”
“I’m going to the armory. I’ll be back.”
“Take your time. You look like you’re itching for action. I don’t have any other plans but to watch my beauties all day.” Sirius threw Jarron a teasing waggle of his eyebrows and bent over to kiss his monitors. Jarron laughed as he headed out of the Control Room.
Jarron was a master at manipulating energy and bending it to his will, but he had to admit that he’d never been interested in using energy for healing. He relied on the Healers for that. Now, things were different. 
With his insistence, the Healers had reluctantly agreed to teach him how to center his energy and use it for healing. They warned him to take things slow, to gain an understanding of the flow of life and universal energies, and the balance needed between each force. Then he could use these energies to heal his body gently and to allow nature to do her work. 
They emphasized that healing was different from the weaponizing of energy that he often did with his abilities. 
The tinctures that the Healers had given him had done their job in ridding his body of the beast’s toxin, but his physical injuries were healing too slowly. He wasn’t about to let nature flow gradually. He didn’t have time for gradual. He fully intended to speed things up and get himself out of being grounded. 
For every minute he had, he used what he learned from the Healers. He focused his energies to visualize his right arm healing. Every sinew, every fiber, every vessel that was shredded, he reconstructed back to being whole and complete. He did the same for his broken left shoulder, his broken ribs, and the lacerations he’d sustained from the demon’s claws. He doubted that was what the Healers had in mind, but in just a week’s time, he accomplished what would’ve normally taken a couple of months to heal on its own.
He still felt residual pain, but it was nothing that would slow him down. He was ready to test his body. He felt his muscles twitching for activity. If he could prove to the Healers that he was fine, then he could be released from his grounding. 
Early on, he had learned that the Healers were not to be messed with. Their priority might have been in nursing the ill and injured, but they were a formidable group of witches who could inflict serious damage when provoked, and the last thing he needed was to be on the bad side of an angry witch.
He was agitated; too much pent up energy. He headed down to the armory, a level below the Control Room. He walked in and welcomed the distinct smell of gunmetal and cleaning solvents, the acrid smells reminding him of his purpose.
The lights flickered on, following his path, as he trudged deeper into the weapons vault and toward the section that housed the scepters. Each blade had a specific use and purpose, depending on the kind of assault needed for battle. He stopped in the center of the room, eyeing the various swords, knives, daggers, and throwing blades that hung on the wall. 
He admired the simplicity of the weapon. A knife or a sword was nothing more than a sharpened metal edge affixed to a handle, but that’s where simplicity ended and creativity began. Those edges could curve, be straight, be one-sided or double-edged. The blade could be long, short, thick, thin, or jagged. The modifications could go on and on.
He preferred the feel of a sword or a knife in his hand. He felt at one with the blade. He could feel energies embedded from its forging. The traditions, knowledge, and skills harnessed by the sword smith and poured into the shaping of the metal to melt it, bend it, and solidify it -- to make it strong, but not brittle. It was a craft that took focus, dedication, and time.
He could feel those energies become one with him, could feel the blade’s energy resonate with his. With just a touch, he knew if a blade would do well in his hand. In close combat, the agility of a blade was unmatched. It was graceful and fluid with every twist and every turn of its edge. It was a perfect orchestration with his intent to do damage. 
He took down a broadsword from the wall and extended it out before him. He leaned his head to the side to glimpse the blade from this angle. He noted the ancient sword’s symmetry and weighted balance… a general’s steel in impeccable condition. The grip bore the sigil of Archangel Michael, a symbol that reminded him of sword strokes that would take down an opponent quickly and efficiently, with fatal cuts that resulted in swift death. 
He swung the blade, making arcs on either side of his body. The blade made a whooshing sound as it swept near his sides. Jarron continued tracing Michael’s sigil in the air with the blade as his pen. He felt the sword coming alive in his hand, its humming getting stronger with each stroke he took to complete the sigil’s form. He intensified his practice, increasing his speed, practicing both defensive and offensive forms against an imagined foe. He could feel his energy rising and swirling, his hands warming and tingling as he went deeper into formations, challenging his muscles to work hard to lead the blade in a deadly dance. 
He felt the current of the universe going through him, energizing each movement with power. He felt no more pain, only vibrant energy coursing through his limbs. This was exactly what he needed. It was the final phase of his healing process. He was ready.
****
Caleb and his team returned from Suisun late in the afternoon. They’d gone to Winsdale’s house, only to find that he was already gone. The inside of the home had been ransacked, and Winsdale’s car was missing. Caleb and his team then spent time at the port, talking with people about the missing man. 
Winsdale was a well-liked guy, a staple at the company, and someone who everyone could count on. The other men in the video confirmed the incident from last night and reported that Winsdale was fine afterwards. 
He continued working, but seemed to be more quiet than usual. Given what had happened earlier, everyone thought it was understandable. 
They saw him leaving that morning at the end of their shift, and that was the last they’d seen or heard from him. They hadn’t really figured anything was wrong and were expecting him to report for duty tonight. 
Caleb and his team reached the Control Room to find Sirius buried in paper. “Got anything?” Caleb asked.
 “Jarron asked me to pull some reports.”
“Where is he?” Caleb asked, not surprised that Jarron would be up and about.
“In the armory,” Sirius said over his shoulder. 
Caleb went down to Level 2 to find Jarron in the gym, beating a speed bag. “What’d that bag ever do to you?” 
Jarron smirked, but ignored him, not wanting to lose pace with the bag.
“What’s on your mind?” 
“Sirius told me about the disappearances…,” Jarron caught his breath, “all this week.” He stopped the bag, holding on to it with taped hands. Sweat dripped into his face as he turned to Caleb. “What’d you find out about Winsdale?”
Caleb shrugged, frustration in his voice, “Nothing. He was gone. The house was tore up, and the car? Gone.”
“Anything in the house?”
“Looked like there was a struggle. All sorts of things broken, tossed around. There was no blood and it seemed like all the valuables were still in place.”
Jarron waited as Caleb combed through the details in his mind. Caleb looked at him, his brows knotted in question. “Water. There was water inside the house. Not a lot; small pools here and there. I noticed it on the kitchen floor and in the living room, like someone had walked around with a leaky cup or something. I don’t know. At the time, something about it struck me as odd…” Caleb shook his head as if trying to unlock something within.
“You don’t think so anymore?”
“I don’t know. I feel like there’s something right there. Right at the edge of my thoughts, but I can’t get it out. There was something…” He pinched the bridge of his nose and looked at Jarron. Caleb looked exasperated and tired. “It’s all foggy now.” 
Caleb’s gift allowed him to recall things with absolute clarity. He had a connection with the mind and its working that allowed him total control over it. It was Caleb’s greatest strength.
Something was wrong. Jarron stepped back and looked into Caleb’s energy. His friend’s normally light energy was weighed down, burdened, erratic. It was his turn to worry. 
“You okay?” Jarron asked. 
“Stop. I know you’re reading me,” he snapped.
Jarron didn’t want to press the issue and he didn’t want to argue. He folded his arms across his chest and scowled. Caleb was always the first to help everyone out, but always the last to ask for help. 
Caleb frowned. “Yeah…I’m okay. Just tired. I haven’t been sleeping lately.” As if wanting to emphasize his point, he yawned and scratched his head. 
He knew if he pushed, he would piss Caleb off. He would have to keep an eye on him from a distance – to respect his space. He’d talk when he was ready, but not before. 
“Come on, Sleeping Beauty.” Jarron wanted to lighten the mood. “I wanna see what Sirius came up with.” 
****
They headed back to the Control Room where Caleb’s team had gotten a head start and were already going over information. 
Sirius was still busy retrieving information from his network’s database. It was a complicated system of tables that he designed himself. It took a while to perfect, but was completely worth it. The database continued to grow with every activity that the Anakim encountered. 
He had an incredible sense to see and feel technology. He spoke systems language as if it were his native tongue. He could hack into and program anything. There were no such things as digital firewalls in Sirius’ world. He could break into anything. This gave The Order an advantage. Access to information was a weapon in and of itself, and Isabel charged him with the operations of the Control Room.
Sirius groaned and rubbed his forehead, disturbed by the data. He blew out as he pounded commands into the computer. The servers whirred into action, flashing information on multiple screens, his golden eyes following the trail of information filling the monitors line by line. 
His forehead knotted. This couldn’t be right. He ran the data again to make sure he had set the right parameters. The database produced the same results.
“Damn.” There had been a lot of reports, much too many from Watchers all over San Francisco and the surrounding cities. Why hadn’t he seen this before? “Take a look at this.”
Sirius gathered some paper off the printer and passed them out to the Guardians. Caleb’s team had been looking at a map that Sirius had laid out on the conference table. Red dots marked each locale where irregular activity had been detected over the past week. The map looked like it had come down with a bad case of chicken pox.
Sirius pointed to the map. “If you take a look at the locations where the Watchers have reported activity, they are concentrated in certain areas of the city.” Sirius rubbed his forehead again, wanting to slow down his thought process so that he could explain what he wanted to say. 
He started to pace back and forth. “In each of those areas, the Watcher that reported stayed to monitor for additional activity. But in each of those calls, and after a quick blip on the Watcher’s radar, there was nothing. Things fizzled out. Each of those ended up being a dead call, false alarms.”
“Did the Watchers lose track? Get distracted?” Ryder asked.
“No, that’s what’s strange. As you know, the Watchers are all over the place. No one is assigned to any one post or area. They go wherever and whenever they want. They have regular lives and report activity when they detect it. Very good for us. We have anonymous eyes out there. Lots of them.” Sirius paused to gather his thoughts. “Each of those calls was from a different Watcher.” 
The guardians were listening intently, knowing that more was coming. 
“We never get this many bunk hits, especially not from so many experienced Watchers. And the locations, the frequency… I think something was giving our Watchers the creeps out there. That’s why they made the report, but why every single hit turned out dead. I can’t make sense of it.”
“What else?” Caleb asked.
“I also ran data on the areas where the guardians were dispatched. During this same week, all the areas where you and your team have been, and where Jarron’s team has been have all been a significant distance away from where these dead calls were occurring. We didn’t have any Guardian units anywhere nearby.” Silence settled over the table and the Guardians exchanged troubled glances with each other.
“Do we have surveillance in any of these areas?” Jarron asked.
“I’ll tap into the city’s surveillance system; see what I can find out.”
“Can you get the Watchers to provide you more info on those dead calls? Get more details on what they observed?” Caleb asked.
“Yeah, no problem. I’ll start making contact.” 
“We were being diverted, but why?” Caleb questioned. His turquoise eyes looked troubled.
“What kind of activity did you run into this week?” Jarron asked.
Caleb’s energy was unstable. “All sorts, but mostly minor level demons going ballistic all over the place. Nothing like that shadow beast at the club.” He looked at Jarron, warning.
Jarron turned his attention away from Caleb. “What about my…?” he started just as his team came walking into Control. Maya saw him, a bright smile immediately spread across her face, and she came running to give him a hug. 
Jarron couldn’t help but feel warmth and affection for her. She was a sweet girl who always gave 110%. She was the same age as his baby sister would have been. Maybe that was why he felt protective of her. He regarded his team with pride; they were each highly capable and completely committed to their duties and to The Order. They watched each other’s back better than family. They protected each other like brothers in arms and… 
He’d failed them before. 
His energy darkened as thoughts of Jade and his failure to protect her slipped across his mind. Now there were only four in his team. He hadn’t bothered to replace Jade’s slot. He couldn’t bring himself to do it. It would make the reality of her death an even heavier burden to carry. 
Markus and Adam walked in behind Maya, giving him a nod in greeting. “What’d you find out at the park?” Jarron asked.
“We talked to a lady that goes there every day. She reported seeing a big black cloud hanging over the park at the beginning of the week. Said she thought that it was rain clouds, but said it was too black and too thin -- like ribbons. She said she smelled rotten eggs around the park when the cloud was there,” Markus reported.
“The same lady reported that she tried to take pictures of the cloud, but none of the pictures came out,” Adam added. 
“The witness pointed us to the Dutch Windmill. She said that was where she saw it and where the smell was strongest. Said she thought the smell might have been coming from the beach, but she said it was distinct and smelled foul, strong, rotten. We went around that whole area, but didn’t detect anything; no visuals and no smells,” Maya concluded.
“Were there other sightings of this cloud?” Caleb asked.
“Yeah, City Parks and Rec got bombarded with complaints about the smell. Not as many reports about the black cloud, but enough to confirm that it was there,” Sirius chimed in from his computer.
“Maya, take the team back out tomorrow and see if you can catch some of the park workers. Get their stories. Find out if Parks Administration did any kind of investigation. Try and find more witnesses,” Jarron ordered. “Sirius, find out if any of the Watchers saw this black cloud.”
“I don’t like this,” Caleb blew out. “People are disappearing, we’re getting played, and we have no leads.”
The two teams spent the rest of the afternoon at Haven. After getting a briefing from Sirius on some suspected activities around the city, the teams were back out for night patrol, leaving Jarron and Sirius behind to pour over more data from the database. 
“I feel like this is the calm before the storm,” Jarron said to Sirius.
“I know. Things are not computing. Something’s up.”
“It’s late. I’m gonna head upstairs. You okay down here?” Jarron asked.
“Yep. I just got to put my baby on autopilot, then I’m off to beddy-bye,” Sirius snickered. He didn’t like to be too far from the elaborate computer system he’d put together and managed to convince Isabel to convert one of the unused storage rooms near Control into his living quarters.
It didn’t take much convincing. Isabel understood that Sirius was the only one who could fluently work the Control Room’s computers and she was more than happy to accommodate the request. His quarters might have been underground and had no windows, but it was no hovel. 
Isabel converted a large storage room into an apartment according to Sirius’ exact specs, which resulted in a techy’s playground. The furnishings were minimal, consisting of only the basics, but the electronics and computer set-up were impressive. 
Jarron missed being at his cabin. He hadn’t realized how much he liked being surrounded by the woods and hearing the sounds of nature around him. He felt grounded in his home. It was a hearth that stabilized his internal fire, which he’s had to hold under tight control lately. 
Tomorrow, after he showed the Healers his progress, he was confident that they would release him. He wanted to be ready to leave. One more night and things would be back to normal.
Being at Control felt good and the day passed quickly. It was well past midnight before he realized what time it was. The house was quiet on his way to his temporary quarters. Everyone was asleep, except for one. A smile came to his face as he walked toward the wide open door that poured out light in an otherwise darkened hallway. 
Jarron stepped to Elysa’s door and was about to say something when he stopped. She was kneeling down on the floor, bent over a journal she’d been furiously writing in. She wore a short white cotton camisole that perfectly accentuated her sun-kissed skin. The bodice hung loose and low, allowing him an unrestricted view of her full, firm breasts. His energy stirred, rousing desires he hadn’t felt in a long time. His thoughts quickly turned to what he could do to her while in that position; things he could do to make those beautiful breasts bounce and heave as she screamed out his name. 
He cleared his throat. “Hi,” he said, catching her by surprise. Her cheeks blushed a rosy pink as his eyes roamed over her chest. She quickly secured the bodice of her camisole with a trembling hand and stood up carefully, pulling down on the short slip that barely covered her bottom. 
He locked his eyes with hers, one corner of his mouth rising to a half-cocked smile. His eyes darkened as he studied her every movement and waited for her to say something. 
“Hi.” Her voice was almost a whisper. 
“I wanted to thank you again for your help the other day.” 
“I should be the one thanking you. I’m pretty sure you saved my life that night. Thank you. I owe you.” She walked tentatively in his direction, her long legs crisscrossing sexily with each step.
She stopped just on the other side of the door frame and looked up at him. Her hazel eyes swept back and forth studying his face. He slowly bent down. “Good night, sweet Elysa,” he whispered in her ear. She smelled lovely, like the night jasmine that grew in the forest… exotic, fragrant, and only bloomed when touched by the night.
“Good night, Jarron.” she muttered nervously as she backed away and closed the door.

Back to top



Chapter Five
Tuesday, December 18th

Sirius got up early, his pot of coffee already half-empty. He needed to hack into the city’s surveillance systems and that was going to take some finesse. He loved this part of the job. He was outsmarting a whole network’s security system and leaving a clean trail behind. 
He got his babies dialed in, and soon, the monitors started flashing data from various parts of town. He leaned back in his chair, anticipating good information to start filtering in. A monitor flashed, indicating that all information had been downloaded. “What information? There’s nothing there!” 
He twined his fingers together, hands capped over his ebony black hair, frustration rising. 
“Come on,” he muttered. Sirius leaned forward and began typing into his keyboard to alter his search parameters. His servers began whirring and churning as the screens flickered with new images. “That’s it. Now we're working.” 
He studied the monitors closer, his golden eyes dashing back and forth furiously. He punched in a row of commands to slow down certain frames and to speed up others. He focused on the ones he wanted and enhanced them. He pushed his chair to another set of keyboards where he entered more commands to activate a printer. 
He picked up the stack of photos that fell from the printer’s tray. He studied the photos one after the other, realization dawning as a pattern materialized. “Gotcha.” 
Sirius cradled his cell phone between his ear and shoulder as he flipped through the pictures. “Jay, I have something to show you.”
“On my way.”
Jarron walked into Control and found Sirius at the conference table, sipping a cup of coffee.
Sirius handed him a stack of pictures with dates and locations handwritten on the bottom corner of each picture… snapshots of the same man hidden within a crowd. The man didn’t stand out upon initial glance, but after seeing his image from different angles in each of the pictures, Jarron began to pick him out quickly. The mysterious man was no longer hidden. 
“Who is this?” 
“Don’t know. I’ve tried cross-referencing his picture with police data base, both state and federal, and I come up with nothing. Not even a background check of any kind. It’s like the guy is a ghost -- totally off the grid. If he’s a bad guy, he’s never been caught.”
“Human?”
“Hmm.” He sipped his coffee. “I have my doubts. He was in every location where the Watchers reported a dead call. That’s no coincidence.”
Jarron continued to study the face in the picture. “We need to find out who this is.”
“I’ll work on it. I’ll go out and snoop around myself. I’ve got a funny feeling about this guy.”
“Did I miss something? Did hell freeze over?” Jarron joked.
“Shiiiit. I didn’t say I was gonna fight the dude! I’ll leave that to you! Besides, I’m too pretty to fight.” He took a slow sip of his coffee, inhaling the spicy chicory smell he loved so much. “It takes work to look like this, you know.” Sirius mocked seriousness.
His friend laughed. He knew that Jarron understood he was kidding. He avoided being embroiled in battles, but if called upon, he was more than capable of taking down the baddest demon. He was still a Guardian, and protecting his kind and the innocent would always be his first priority. 
He volunteered for recon on the mystery guy because something about the man caused the hairs on his arms to bristle. He wanted to find out why. Sirius pulled out the best picture of the dark- haired man… a clear shot of his face when he’d caught sight of the surveillance camera and was looking right into it. He seemed to be looking right at them. Who are you?
“Keep me informed on what you find out.” Jarron clasped him on the shoulder and left Control to head upstairs. 
****
The house was bustling with activity, preparing for the night’s party. Isabel mentioned that it was a good time for Elysa to meet the rest of the household. Apparently, “household” didn’t mean people who actually lived at the house but, rather, people considered “kin” to The Order. Isabel welcomed Ellie’s help and she was set to task right away. She got busy picking winter vegetables from the garden, preparing them for dinner, and helping set up additional decorations all throughout the house. 
She enjoyed the hustle and bustle of the day, but found herself trying to catch glimpses of Jarron. His visit to her door last night had been a heart-palpitating surprise. A man had never looked at her like that before. It sent her entire body into a tizzy, and trying to get back to sleep after he left had been impossible.
The daylight hours flew by. Before Ellie knew it, Isabel was shooing her back to her room to get ready. She told her not to worry about her attire and to wear whatever she felt comfortable in. She snorted at the thought of showing up in her favorite sweatpants and t-shirt. Probably not a good idea, especially if Jarron might be there. 
The party was held at the back quarters of the house where the sun room was located. The sun room was anchored by three walls composed of clear, pristine crystal tiles, along with the ceiling that allowed the sky to be experienced from within the room. It was a grand illusion of invisible walls and of being gathered outdoors. 
The room was elegantly lit with small, clear lights, making the room twinkle and sparkle amidst all the golds and whites used for decoration. The night felt festive and everyone was smiling and having a good time. Isabel took her and introduced her to everyone. In between each group, she would explain that in addition to the Guardians, there were Watchers, Wiccans, Witches, and a handful of humans at the party. ‘Humans,’ …that sounded so strange to Ellie. Was she still considered one? 
Dinner was held in the grand dining room adjacent to the sun room. Very spirited conversations clamored all around her, filling the air with laughter and merriment. At one end of the table, a consensus was reached. She looked over to see the group beaming, their glasses held up in the air as they proclaimed a triumphant, “Agreed!” and the celebratory clinking of glasses reached her ears. 
She didn’t see Caleb or Jarron during dinner. Why hadn’t they attended? Maybe she’d ask Josh about that.
Josh was fast becoming one of her favorites and she welcomed his company. She’d found out during dinner that he was going to be joining Caleb’s unit as a new Guardian soon. She was frightened for him.
She looked at Josh and asked, “Aren’t you scared? What about your family?”
“We’re all scared, but we do it because it’s our calling. There are bigger things at stake. One life over that of many… what would you choose?” 
“I don’t know. Isn’t one life just as important?” Her heart was heavy. She cared about Josh and to think that something bad could happen to him…
“No more serious talk, okay? We’re at a party. It’s time for fun.” He smiled, a curly tendril of hair poking his eye. He took her hand and pulled. “Come on.”
“Where are we going?” 
“You’ll see,” he said in a sing-song voice.
Ellie remembered that she was going to ask about Jarron and Caleb. “Are all the Guardians here?”
“No, most of the Guardians are out on patrol, and the other two units are still out of town. They were supposed to be back already, but got tied up.”
“So how many units are there?” 
“Four. There’s Caleb’s, Jarron’s, Kash’s, and Kingston’s. You haven’t met Kash and Kensy yet, but I think you’ll like them.”
“Is Jarron out on patrol?” Ellie asked, trying to sound as neutral as possible.
Josh smiled, easily picking up on Ellie’s attempt to hide her interest. “No, he’s here. But he’s not one for parties. Doesn’t really like ‘em.” Josh was pulling her towards the Library hallway, “Come on,” he urged, as he flashed a knowing smile at her. “There he is.” Josh pointed to the lone figure, standing in the beautiful garden. “Maybe you can distract him for a while.” 
“Am I that obvious?” she asked jokingly.
Josh laughed his merry voice fading as he trudged back to the party.
****
Markus gripped the steering wheel tightly as he waited at a red light. “I thought Sirius said this is where the Watchers were reporting activity.” He sounded irritated.
Maya looked to her brother, noticing the growing edginess in his whole posture. “It is. We’re in the right area.” She shook her head. “I’m not picking up anything, either. This area is clean.”
Jarron’s team had been patrolling Japantown for hours and there had been no signs of demonic activity anywhere.
“We being diverted again?” Adam asked.
Maya turned around to look at him. He was sitting casually in the back of the van, his long, powerful legs stretched out and crossed at the ankle. He reminded her of Jarron… blond hair, intense, and overly protective. But Adam was her love and her fire. He was the reason she felt desired, cherished.
Adam locked on Maya’s gaze, his stare penetrating her mind. I love you. His thought was a caress on her consciousness, a feathery stroke that warmed her entire soul. 
“Aww. I love you, too, man! I didn’t know you cared so much.” Markus sniffled and fluttered his eyelashes playfully. 
Maya was aghast and punched her brother on the shoulder. 
“It’s not my fault he forgets we’re twins and have the same abilities.” Markus chuckled. “I’ll hear him in my head unless he blocks me out.” He looked in the rear view mirror. “Fair warning, my friend. If you decide to do the nasty with my sister, I can sense what she senses.” 
“So I’ll be rocking your world, too. Is that what you’re saying?” Adam replied with a straight face.
“You both need to stop before I beat the stupid out of both of you!” she cut in, causing Adam and Markus to roar with laughter.
“I’m going to The Embarcadero. There is nothin’ goin’ on here,” Markus blurted out after laughing at her.
“Yeah, we better,” she replied, scowling at her brother. “We’re not doing any good way out here.”
They reached The Embarcadero, near Hyde Street Pier, when they witnessed a woman cornered by a man under a tree. Their senses prickled, picking up the dark energy surrounding the demon. The van neared the struggle occurring in front of them. They quickly parked and approached on foot.
“Here we go,” Adam warned.
The woman screamed and the man turned his head to leer at the Guardians, then took off running toward the pier at an incredible speed. 
They chased him down the length of Hyde Street Pier, where they found him waiting, his head bent down, rocking side to side. They approached cautiously, Adam leading the line. 
“Be ready.” Adam held up an arm, slowing their approach. 
They had their pistols aimed, ready to fire. The man looked up, eyes ablaze. He shrieked, his mouth opening wider than a human mouth should open. He spread out his arms and fell backwards into the water with hardly a splash.
Somewhere nearby, a group of sea lions barked an alarm. The hairs on Maya’s arms lifted, even as her breathing began to slow. She rushed pass Adam and to the edge of the dock in search of the demon. She swept her gun along the same arc of her visual scan over the murky waters of the bay. She couldn’t see the demon. 
As she turned to look at her team, she felt a rush of air behind her. She turned quickly to see liquid forms shooting out of the water with a loud crack. The forms moved with power, like torpedoes breaching from the depths of the ocean.
Maya fired at the forms, the bullets piercing into the liquid, displacing only at the point of entry. Oh, god, she thought, as she watched the bullets suspended inside the creatures. 
Maya backed away, her pistol still aimed.
Eight columns of water splashed down on top of the deck, flooding the concrete surface of the pier. The water rippled and split into streams, snaking their way in between each of the Guardians. The eddies rose, fanned out, and separated into humanoid figures. The Guardians watched in disbelief as the forms morphed and took on the appearance of people. 
“Go! Go! Go!” Maya yelled. 
The Guardians backed away and ran for their van.
The demons leered, hissing at their presence. They stood still, waiting, calculating, and then bedlam ensued with an orchestrated trail of explosions following the Guardians’ retreat. The pier was getting leveled.
Markus was thrown to the ground from a blast that shook his feet out from under him. He quickly rolled, avoiding falling debris. He started shooting as the creatures advanced. He shot with expert precision, hitting the most critical areas of a normal human body. His shots exploded through skin and flesh, only to have the body instantly heal over.
He clawed the ground, connecting his energy with Gaia, Mother Earth. He prayed for her assistance. He felt energy rise from the ground and into his palms, a solid force that strengthened him and his resolve. He willed energy back into the ground to slam into the energy that Gaia was freely giving and the ground began to rumble and shake, causing cracks in the pavement. 
The demons stumbled, their balance lost. They shrieked in fury and fell into puddles of liquid. They rushed at him like a raging river and immersed him in clear, thick liquid. They were drowning him, forcing their way into his nostrils and into his mouth. They tossed him and beat him with fists made of ice as he tumbled around in the deadly pool. 
Down the pier, Adam had been scooped up by a towering column of water. He was thrown ten feet into the air and landed with a rib-fracturing thud over the hard surface of the pier. His insides were battered and collapsed from the impact. He was trying to rise to his feet, despite the excruciating pain that surged through his body. 
He was forced down to his knees, his arms held out to the sides. He felt his tendons and ligaments tearing with every popping sound that signaled the complete destruction of his shoulders. The demons’ grip felt like steel -- immovable and unbreakable. 
He was not going to relinquish control. 
Adam’s head rolled forward, bloodied spit spilling out of his mouth as they made a game of his torture. His joints dislodged from their sockets while the demons fought to out-do each other. They laughed at every second of his pain. They taunted each other, causing short-fused tempers to erupt amongst the four male forms holding him captive. The leader delivered the most damaging blows from hands that transformed between whip like coils to fists that felt hard as ice. 
His rage was growing, heat rising within his gut. He contained it and kept it from escaping… a sealed reactor set to destruct. He gathered his life force, concentrated it, as more of his bones were shattered from the attack. He couldn’t escape. 
Adam looked over his shoulder. Maya was struggling and fighting to break free. She was screaming his name, attempting to run toward him, but her captors punished her every time she’d try. Maya, stay back! Adam commanded through his telepathic connection with her.
Maya’s sharp cry intensified as she fought harder to break free. “No! Adam!”
A distance away, he could hear Markus’ pistol firing. He was cursing and putting up a fight, but he was losing. Adam could sense the team’s energies weakening. They were in trouble. 
His eyes watered, his body heated, and he burned with pure thermal energy. The fire was rising within him. It needed release. His chest expanded, his lungs seared with thermal heat, and his throat was scorched. He bellowed, his mouth serving as the opening for an eruption of blistering heat that domed around him, evaporating everything in its path. 
His skin was hot and painful, and his heartbeat was slowing down. His breathing became shallow and his vision began to fade. He could hear the faint voices of Maya and Markus calling out to him.
He wobbled on his knees as the remains of his energy seeped out of his body. He fell forward; limp, unable to do anything but allow his eyes to close in surrender to the peace he felt enveloping him. 
****
Jarron had been in the courtyard garden, adjacent to Isabel’s library. Down the hallway, a party to celebrate the season had begun, but he couldn’t bring himself to attend. He wanted to be out in the field. He’d been cooped up too long. He was getting twitchy from sitting around and needed to ground himself with the steadying energies of nature. 
He’d been standing by a silvery-blue tree that radiated the glow of the moonlight, when he felt Ellie’s energy nearby. His lip hooked on one side as he heard the soft crunching of gravel behind him. She was taking tentative steps. He could tell she was nervous as her energy washed over him the closer she got.
He turned to her and extended his hand to assist her over the gravel. He didn’t say anything, but led her carefully to stand in front of him. He bowed to place a kiss on top of her hand, his gaze caressing her. 
“Jarron, come quick!” Maya exclaimed.
He turned quickly, his brows furrowed in concern. Maya was ragged and had the signs of a hard battle on her. He looked at Ellie regretfully. 
“What happened?” Jarron asked. He looked at Maya’s dirt-covered face and the deep cuts on her lips, and his stomach twisted in anger. “What the hell happened?!”
“It’s Adam. He’s hurt,” she responded in a sob.
His stomach fell, and he felt the weight of Maya’s energy collapse around him. “Where is he?”
She was trying to hold herself together. “With the Healers… in Haven.” 
They ran to the underground depths of Haven where Adam was laid up in the infirmary. 
****
Long hours went by before Jarron and his team were given any news. They hadn’t been allowed to get near his room and had been forced to wait outside in the hallway. Markus refused to leave to see a Healer, insisting his place was with them. Maya was curled up on the floor, with her head on his lap. The twins looked helpless, broken. What did this to them? 
He rested his hand on Maya’s shoulder, wanting to give her some comfort. He understood what she was going through. He looked down at her soiled face, her dark lashes still wet from tears she had shed just minutes before. He knew that she was breaking inside; he knew the pain and the fear that she was trying to control. 
He leaned his head back against the wall, praying for a miracle, when a Healer finally came out to speak with them. “Adam is stable, but sustained critical injuries. He needed strong magick and strong medicine. He is alive, but in a coma.”
Maya gasped, tears streaming down her face. She looked at Jarron, who was unable to speak. His spirit dimmed over the news. His jaw tightened and his heart quickened. Another Guardian, another friend, had been taken down during his watch. He wanted to lash out, to vanquish those responsible, and to fix what had been badly broken.
He took Markus back to Control, after the stubborn guardian refused to be treated. He had numerous cuts and bruises all over his face, one eye was completely shut, his bottom lip was cut open, and he moved with obvious discomfort. If Jarron had to guess, he would say that Markus had several broken ribs.
“Get eyes on what happened tonight,” Jarron commanded.
“On it.” Sirius immediately tapped into the city’s grid to find a network. The monitors flashed and blinked with scenes from everywhere in the city. Sirius scanned until he saw what he wanted. “Got it.”
One monitor showed three figures running across the frame, dodging debris that came at them from all sides. On another screen, the scene picked up with the same three figures separated and surrounded. Suddenly, the film flickered, then abruptly ended.
“Keep it running!” Jarron demanded.
“That’s it. That’s all there is. Something stopped the camera,” Sirius stated.
“Yeah, those bastards,” Markus gritted out.
Jarron’s fists clenched, his knuckles whitened. “Markus, I want to know everything that happened tonight. Start from the beginning. Don’t leave anything out.” 
Markus struggled to sit up in the chair, his upper body crooked and tight, his voice hoarse. “It started out quiet enough. We decided to head out to Jefferson Street by the park when we saw this woman. She was struggling against a guy. We all sensed that the dude was a demon so we got out to help. The guy took off before we could even get near him.” Markus paused to catch his breath, a grimace contorting his already swollen eye. 
“If you can’t do this right now…” Jarron started.
“It’s okay.” Markus shook his head weakly. “The guy ran for Hyde Street Pier and we chased him on foot. He turned onto one of those docks off the pier and was waiting for us… then he fell off. The bastard was smiling at us, creepy as hell. That’s when those demons came shooting out of the water.” Markus pointed to the still-frame on the monitor. “There were eight. They were fast, strong. There was no way to hold them off.” He held his breath and shifted in his seat. 
Jarron looked at Sirius who was furiously pounding on the keyboard, trying to hack into other surveillance systems around Hyde Street Pier.
“They were made of water. I hit one in the face...” He shook his head, disbelief heavy in his dark eyes. “It felt like I hit my fist into a pool.” His voice lowered. “Bullets did nothing.” Markus leaned his head into his palms and sank into his chair. “How do you stop a tidal wave from crashing? That’s what it felt like, Jay. Like getting beat with a freakin’ tsunami.”
“What about Adam?” Jarron asked.
“Maya and I both had two on us. Adam had four. We tried to get to him, Jay!” Markus was fighting back his fury, his jaw tightening in anger. “Those fuckers dragged us further and further away from him. They were beating the life out of him and we couldn’t help! I tried to get to Adam, tried to get to Maya… They were beating her bad. She kept fighting, and Adam…” Markus’ fists were clenched as hard as his jaw. “I could see Maya. She’d get away, get dragged back and beat again. Same shit was happening to me. We had nothing to stop them.”
Jarron felt his own rage building, fueled by guilt. He should have been out there to protect them. This was his team, his responsibility, his duty. They shouldn’t have been out alone. He’d been out too long and it was causing harm to his unit.
“I don’t know what Adam did, but the demons on him screeched. It was loud, piercing. I thought my eardrums were gonna burst. Next thing I see, steam was rising out of the ground around him. That’s when the demons holding us disappeared back into the water.” Markus paused and wrapped his arm around his ribs.
He walked toward Markus, his fists clenching in a poor attempt to temper his rage.
“We ran to him. He was barely breathing. He had burns all over. His clothes were shredded. I drove us back as fast as I could. Maya alerted the infirmary before we got in.” Markus hunched over, elbows resting on his knees. “Jay, we haven’t seen this type of demon before. These things were… impossible.”
Markus looked up from his seat as Jarron placed his palm on the center of his back released healing light into him. 
He lifted his palm off of Markus and turned to Sirius. “I want all the visuals you can get off of those surveillance cameras. I want to see faces.” He looked at Markus, his light seemed to have helped a little. His breathing was steady, but he still needed more medical attention. “Markus get checked and get some rest. You did good.” He stormed out of the Control Room and headed for the lower levels of Haven. He wouldn’t allow Markus to go unchecked. The headstrong Guardian might not want to see a Healer, but he wouldn’t refuse a direct order.
Quietly, he went into Adam’s room. Maya was resting her head on the bed. Her hand held Adam’s, caressing his fingers with her thumb. He was unrecognizable. His normally chiseled face was in different shades of purple and green, and was swollen beyond normal proportions. Tubes stuck out from his nose and arms, as he lay motionless in the bed. The steady beating of the heart monitor was the only signal that he was still alive.
“He’s sleeping,” Maya said quietly. “I’m not sure if he’ll wake up again.” Her eyes were bloodshot and red-rimmed. Her face was streaked with tears and dirt from the night’s battle. 
He knelt down to look into her face. Her coffee-colored eyes were glassy from tears that were welling up and ready to spill again. He cupped her face tenderly. Her cut up lips quivered as she tried to suppress a sob. 
He leaned in and kissed her on the forehead. He held her free hand in his, infusing her with healing light. “I’ll make this right.” 
His team was nearly killed tonight… while he’d been stuck at the estate. They’d been vulnerable, outnumbered. It was only by some miracle that they’d escaped.
He traveled down the long corridors of Level 3 to find the Elders already in discussion. The Council was an elite group that had been entrusted with their secret. The Elders included Isabel as High Mother of their order, but also included the leaders of their alliances from the Wiccan Order, leaders from the Watchers, and leaders from a specially selected group of humans. 
The Chamber of the Elders was circular in shape, with each of the Elders occupying a seat around a curved table shaped like the symbol Omega. In the middle were three rows of wooden seats in the same deep chocolate wood that lined the walls. The Chamber was formal and well-appointed with intricately carved columns standing tall on either side of the double doors securing the entrance.
The tile mosaic on the floor depicted the cardinal directions, a compass bearing twelve minor points contained within a sphere, with the much larger dominant points of the sacred directions of North, South, East, and West extending beyond the enclosure of the circle. The cardinal points sparkled and were inlaid with jewels -- amber gems for North, deep blue sugalite stones for South, gleaming copper metal for West, and malachite green for East. 
The Elders were in heated deliberations. He could tell by their attire that they’d been at the party earlier. 
Jarron could feel the energy in the air sizzle with tension and anxiety. Each elder bore the heavy burdens of obligation toward their community and their people. A lone seat was taken in the audience area. It was Elysa. She had been summoned to this meeting. She would not have been able to enter, let alone find the chamber, if she had not been allowed in. He sat behind her. She looked over her shoulder and gave him a weak smile. 
“It must be done! There is no other choice!” proclaimed one of the Wiccan leaders.
Isabel shook her head furiously. “No! She does not know our ways. There has to be another.” 
“You know she can help, but you keep her for yourself!” the second Wiccan elder accused.
“You know for a fact that I do no such thing! The safety of all our people is what is important to me, to all of us!” Isabel exclaimed
“Then why do you shield her?” the Watcher elder asked.
“She is not ready. She has just come to us only a day ago. What would you expect of the child?!” Isabel demanded.
“Isabel, in the end, it is not your choice, but hers and hers alone… and you know this,” the Elder of the human community stated.
“Do not ask such a heavy burden of her. I beg of you. She needs time.” 
“It seems that time is the one thing we cannot give, Isabel,” the first Wiccan leader answered.
“The threat is growing. We can all feel it. Everyone is needed now. We must come together in this.” The second Watcher leader looked to the others.
“Regrettably… she must be presented with the choice, Isabel,” the human leader stated.
The debate continued to escalate with Isabel seeming to be outnumbered, but she would not give in. 
Elysa stirred in her seat and looked back at him. There was fire behind her eyes, a look of determination. It was the same one he’d seen at the club. Slowly, she rose from her seat. “Ask me,” she stated. The argument continued as if they didn’t hear her. “Ask me!” she exclaimed, catching the attention of the entire Council, stunning them into silence. 
Isabel looked at Elysa, bowing her head to hide the grave concern that now shadowed her face. She could no longer protect Elysa from whatever it was that the Elders wanted. The debate had been terminated with Elysa’s choice to stand up for herself.
The Elders would hand over the choice to Elysa directly. It was a decision she needed to make and one that would alter her life forever.


Back to top



Chapter Six
Wednesday, December 19th

“You will not touch her!” Sarah screamed as gravel and stone lashed at her from a whirlwind spiraling around her.
She closed her eyes, her focus penetrating beyond the depths of her consciousness. She pulled from every source of power she knew of and prayed for those beyond. She chanted in an ancient tongue -- rhythmic and pulsing with power. Her energy was building as she poured her life force and her love into the chant that would protect her family and shield them from the eyes of darkness. If this was the last thing she did, she would die satisfied, knowing that her family was safe.
Her entire body burned from the power that was being drawn into her spell. Luminescent energy radiated deep within Sarah and exploded beyond her physical bounds until it shimmered into nothingness and Sarah dropped to floor, spent of all her power. 
The whirlwind slowed as a set of dark talons stretched out from within its hollow center. “Ssssarah… that was very naughty. Tsk… tsk… tsk...” 
“Go to hell!” 
The demon cackled, sending ungodly coldness shooting through her spine. “Oh, yessss. Hell. Hell issss boring. We like it here better.” The demon cackled again, its taloned hand shooting out to grab Sarah by the skull, disappearing with her into a black void. 
Sarah screamed, her cries evaporating within the vacuum of darkness.
Ellie woke from the dream. All her senses buzzed with cold fingers of dread. No, not fingers… talons. She dreamed of her mom. She had been laughing and playing near the ocean’s edge. She was dancing underneath a blanket of stars, waving for Ellie to come to her. Then the dream wavered and spiraled, and her mother was glowing like a beacon in the darkness before she was thrown into a stone prison. It was dark, wet, and cold. Her mother was rocking herself while she chanted something indiscernible. She could feel her despair. She wanted to die. Her mother’s mind was clouded and fevered from anguish. Ellie started to reach for her and the dream ended. 
Ellie had been having this recurring dream over the last few months. Each time, it ended in the same place and left her questioning the dream. Tonight, she could not shake it. She felt heavy and dizzy from it. It felt so real. She could still feel the dampness in the cell and the smell of pungent brine. She could feel her mother’s devotion, her determination to protect her, her love, her torment.
Ellie turned her head into the pillow, her eyes catching sight of the clock flashing 3:33 a.m. She groaned. She was wide awake and restless. She pushed up from the bed, no longer wanting to lie down. She had to get up and go for a walk.
She crept out of her room to pad quietly downstairs. She sat outside on the deck behind the kitchen where she could look at the tree line bordering the woods that surrounded the property. She needed fresh air to rid herself of the acrid smell of the prison cell from her dream. She took deep breaths, relishing the cool crispness of the air. She looked up at the stars and prayed for her mom.
She hugged her knees up to her chest and laid her head on them. She tuned everything out but the sounds of nature around her. She heard the flutter of wings coming from the nearby woods and imagined a bird launching itself from a tree to begin its nightly hunt. From a distance, she heard the faint call of a raven, its shrill cry somehow grounding her. She wanted to hear its song echo through the woods and reach her ears to fuel her imagination of its plight for survival, an intrepid hunter of the night -- a hunter with no fear of the shadows or of the dark, but uses it for its purposes.
She didn’t hear his light footsteps approaching, but felt gentle warmth slowly surround her. She peeked to her side to see Jarron sitting next to her, looking at her with curiosity.
“What are you doing out here?” he asked softly.
She could not respond. He always took her breath away.
“Want company?”
Ellie looked at him. “Wanna go to the beach?” her voice caught. 
“Yeah, sure. I’ll drive.”
She stood up quickly, dusting herself off, glad that her night chemise covered more than the previous one Jarron had seen her in.
“Where to?”
“Muir Beach. Do you know where it is?”
“Yeah. Come on.” He led her to the front of the house, where several cars were parked in the driveway. Jarron pointed to a gleaming black SUV, seemingly awaiting their arrival. He opened the car door and helped her in. “You still haven’t told me why you’re out here.”
Ellie wasn’t quite ready to answer. She still felt heavy from the dream. Her mother’s pain had been so real. If she were to tell Jarron now, she wouldn’t be able to explain herself. She needed to calm down and clear her mind. 
She hoped that being near the ocean would help wash away the drowsiness. She felt muted, and felt part of her consciousness separated from her and was held within the dream world. “I will.” She wanted to tell him, but uncertainty and muddled thoughts of the dream kept pressing down on her. She needed to be near the water. Hearing the sound of the waves lapping on the shore would soothe her, restore her; always had. 
Jarron started the car and drove out of the property. The drive was quiet, giving her time to gather her thoughts, her nerves, and her courage to try and speak coherently. She was lost in thought, but so was he. 
Jarron parked in a small cove near a rocky hillside. She could see the waves shimmering under the moonlight. Come child, she heard in her mind. The ocean was calling and her spirit lifted. She looked at him as he stared out the window. Would she be able to talk to him when his mere presence caused all her senses to overload? Why now, when she was already emotionally disturbed from a lingering dream?
Come child, she felt the ocean’s pull on her will. She jumped out of the car and headed straight for the water’s edge. The tides reached for her, stroking her bare feet. 
She could feel her energy shift and bubble, becoming effervescent as a dark cloak seemed to fall away from her, releasing her of its heavy burden. She felt Jarron coming closer, his energy warming her, exciting her. He placed his hands lightly on her shoulders and leaned into her ear whispering, “Ready to talk?”
She didn’t answer. She wanted to feel him next to her, comforting her, his warmth surrounding her. He nestled into her and wrapped his strong arms around her, answering her unspoken request to be held. This felt right and her anxiety was peeled away as she leaned into him, feeling her back pressed firmly against his torso. 
“Jarron? Why do you fight?”
“Because it’s what I chose. Because it’s what I’ve trained for. Because there’s too many lives at stake if I don’t.”
“Is that all?”
“What do you mean?” 
“Your answers. They sound like it’s what you’ve been trained to say. I don’t mean any disrespect…” She hesitated, not wanting to ruin the moment, but unable to stop herself from finishing her thought, “but it feels like there’s more… more that you’re not saying.”
He tightened his embrace and spoke softly in her ear, his breath tickling her sensitive nape, “You mean, like how you’re not saying why we’re now at the beach?”
“Yeah, something like that,” Ellie replied softly. She turned in his arms to face him. Under the brilliance of the moonlit night, his eyes gleamed… and asked her for trust. 
She reached up and cupped his jaw tenderly. He held her hand to his face, keeping her from letting go. She could feel the rough grizzle from his five o’clock shadow as his jaws tightened before he placed a soft kiss in her palm. 
Her heart was quivering, she was overheating, and her most sensitive parts were warming, making her aware of his very male and very intoxicating presence. 
The crashing waves beckoned for her. She sighed when she felt the ocean’s cool stroke reach her, calling for her to immerse herself within its depths, giving her the strength to pull away from him. 
“It’s freezing cold in the water.”
“I like it actually.” She could feel the water charging her, the coolness felt refreshing, delighting her senses and making her feel excited. 
“You’re gonna get soaked,” he warned.
She looked at him, beguile shimmering in her eyes. “I think I already am.” 
He rushed at her and scooped her up in his arms, running with her into the water. She laughed as he lowered her carefully into the waves. She felt playful and wanted to dance underneath the moonlight. She hadn’t felt like this in a long time. 
She felt him staring. 
She walked slowly to him, knowing that her wet clothes hid nothing from his observing eyes. She felt exhilarated, energized, and alive! The ocean had always soothed her, but tonight it excited her, as if all the feelings she was attempting to suppress about Jarron were only being amplified. The ocean was feeding her desire. 
She reached him. She could feel his body reacting to hers, his heat surrounding her. She touched his abdomen, feeling the tight, raised ridges that sculpted him beautifully. His breath caught, making him tighten at her touch. She slid her right hand up to his broad chest, feeling the erect bud of his nipple. She reached for his neck, wrapped her graceful fingers around his nape, and pressed her body to his.
He grabbed her waist and pulled her tight against him. She could feel his hardness press against her, rousing more of her desire. He bent down, his breath caressing the curve of her neck and the swells of her breast, making her core tremble.
“Ellie…” He whispered her name, his lips sliding over hers. He splayed his fingers over her neck, his fingertips over her jaw. He arched her head back exposing the supple skin of her neck to him. He leaned in and suckled the sensitive spot just above her collarbone. He worked his way back to her lips, his tongue licking, coaxing her to open for him and join him in a sweet, delicious entanglement.
She’d lost control over her body in the wake of his honeyed taste in her mouth. She opened for him, surrendering and allowing their kiss to deepen with each pass of their tongues. It was magic and she was helpless. 
A tide crashed into them, rocking them both out of their growing need. He held her tight, keeping her from falling into the water. 
“I should take you home.” His voice was husky.
She pulled back, breathless and exquisitely lightheaded. She was shivering, her teeth chattering as she nodded in agreement. She was confused, not understanding why she’d been so lusty with Jarron. Being around the man made her brain melt, making her completely dysfunctional. She couldn’t deny her attraction, but she normally would not be so… daring. 
Tonight, after being in the water, she felt so sure, so uninhibited, and so unlike herself. But now she could feel all her normal walls flying back into place and closing up whatever had been pushed ajar inside of her.
She chastised herself for losing control, unable to even glance his way as they walked back to the car. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have… back there… That was wrong.” Ellie paused to gather her thoughts. “I’m not like that. I don’t just… I don’t… Please, I don’t want you to think…”
The corner of his lip rose. “You can kiss me anytime you want. So, wanna tell me why you were outside alone?”
“You first.” She was stalling.
“I was in Haven, checking in on my team and going over some reports with Sirius, and I lost track of time.” Jarron’s energy dimmed at the thought of his team. It was his nightmare come to life. He hadn’t been there with them, he’d let them down and because of him, they’d almost been killed. He was feeling useless and burdened with guilt when he had seen her sitting alone on the deck. 
Earlier that night, the Elders had asked a heavy task of her and he had wondered if that was the reason she couldn’t sleep. In all his years with The Order, everyone was always given a choice -- a choice to decline or to serve in what method the person felt compelled to. That choice was not given to Ellie. She was asked to do one thing and one thing alone… to be a Guardian, to be a warrior and a protector. 
He had been tasked to train her. The other two teams had finally returned and there would be enough Guardians in the field. His team needed time to recover and this would allow him a few days to work with her. He had scoffed at the Elders. A few days?! What did they hope she would learn in a few days? 
It took years to hone the skills needed for battle, for defense, for tactics. What could he teach her in a few days? If he failed in her training, she would die and it would be on his hands. 
He couldn’t let another Guardian perish under his watch, especially her. She roused feelings in him that he thought had long ago abandoned him, feelings that he no longer felt worthy of, feelings that he thought were dead. 
“Adam is in bad shape. Maya won’t leave his side. I wanted to make sure that she and Markus got checked by the Healers. I was on my way back to my cabin when I saw you.”
Her eyes sparkled with curiosity, “You have a cabin? Where?”
“In the woods on the estate’s property.”
“Do the other Guardians live in the woods, too?” 
He chuckled lightly, forgetting Ellie’s unfamiliarity with the estate. “Sirius is down in Haven. The kids are at the mansion.” A warm smile spread across his face. “Isabel likes to keep them close. We’re all on the property, but everyone is spread out. The estate sits on hundreds of acres. Caleb and I are located closest to the mansion.” He waited for more questions, but none came. “My turn to ask you a question.” 
She looked at him, her eyes wide with uncertainty. 
“Why didn’t you say ‘no’ to the Elders?”
She shrugged. “I don’t know. It felt like the right thing to do.”
“It’s dangerous work. Many lives have been lost. You could die.” He was watching for her reaction.
She quipped with a nervous snicker. “Hopefully, I’ll die later rather than sooner.” 
Wrong answer. His mood turned serious. His face went blank, and the intensity behind his eyes raised a hundred fold. “This is not a game,” he ground out. “I’ve seen the destruction that demons leave behind. They want blood and death. They don’t care whether it’s an Anakim warrior they’re shredding to pieces or a new born babe!”
“I… I’m sorry. I was only kidding. I’m terrified, but I need to do this.” 
“No, you don’t. You could quit and no one would think any less of you. Go back to what you know. Be safe. Save your life.”
“You don’t think I can do this?” Her voice was quiet, but on edge.
“I think you can do anything you want. But being a Guardian… I don’t think you should.” He tried to soften his tone, catching that his anger had risen too quickly. He was usually in better control, but the thought of her dying in battle unnerved him. 
She remained quiet during their drive home, staring out the window. They reached the estate quickly; the drive back was a blur. He opened the car door for her and helped her out. “Try to get a little bit of sleep. We start training in a few hours.” 
He followed her back up to her room, his thoughts lost on the painful memory of Jade’s death, his battered team, and Ellie… He reached for her hand before she entered her room and held her fingers against his lips. She needed to rest and be ready for training. He could at least give her sleep. “Good night, Elysa.” He pushed calming energy through his breath as he kissed her hand and felt her energy relax. She needed rest.
****
Ellie woke up feeling rested. Unfortunately, her nerves were anything but calm. She could feel her gut twisting and beating inside her abdominal cavity.
She took a long, hot shower, hoping to still her nerves. The pounding of the water on her body soothed the tension -- a little. She stayed under the hot stream for as long as she could and now the water was cooling, prickling her skin with goose bumps, urging her to get out and meet what lay ahead of her.
She slipped on a pair of black yoga pants and a black tank top that perfectly hugged her fit and feminine form. She shivered from the droplets of water running down her back from her wet hair. She didn’t bother with drying it. It would take too long and she didn’t have much time left. She pulled it up in a ponytail, struggling to pull her thick hair through the small hair band that she’d found in the bathroom.
She was sitting on the bed, about to put on her cross-trainers, when a knock sounded at her door. “It’s 7 a.m., my lady.” That wasn’t Jarron’s voice. She opened her door to find Caleb smiling brightly, even though he had tired, red-rimmed eyes. 
She smiled, unable to resist his charm. His positive energy was catching and it helped to momentarily calm her nerves. “Caleb. Good morning,” she said brightly.
“I have been asked to escort you to Haven.” 
“Where’s Jarron?” 
“Setting up the torture chamber for you, dear lady.” Caleb crooked his elbow and offered it to her, his smile still on full beam. She hesitated and thought about what Jarron had said to her earlier that morning. You should quit. 
 “Ellie, what’s wrong?” Caleb asked.
“Jarron is angry with me. I don’t know what I said.”
“What happened?”
“We were out this morning. We were talking and I said something about me dying later rather than sooner,” Ellie blurted out.
“Ah. And let me guess. Our dear friend blew his lid?”
“Yes. I was just joking. I get so nervous around him. Half the time, I can’t think straight. I didn’t mean to say anything to offend him.”
Caleb took a deep breath and took Ellie’s hand. “Jade was in Jarron’s unit. She was very special to him. They were going to get married.” Caleb paused and looked at her, but she couldn’t face him. Hearing about Jarron with another woman made her uncomfortable. “She was killed by demons almost two years ago. Jarron saw it all happen and he blames himself for her death. He thinks he failed her. He thinks he could have prevented it somehow. It’s been eating at him for a long time.”
Her heart dropped. She understood the pain that Jarron must be feeling -- the sudden loss of someone beloved, someone he was going to marry…
“There was nothing Jarron could have done. Jade was ambushed. He wants to save everyone at the risk of his own life.” Caleb turned her head to face him. “He’s got Superman Syndrome.”
Ellie found herself smiling, even though she didn’t want to.
“Come on. I better take you down to Haven before he sends out a search-and-rescue party after us.”
He offered his elbow again and she held on, timidly. She still worried about Jarron and how he would react to her this morning. 
“Should I be scared?” 
Caleb laughed heartily and laid his hand over hers. “No worries, my lady.” He chuckled and looked reassuringly at her. “All kidding aside, you’ll be fine. The most important thing is for you to absorb the lessons that he’ll be teaching you. I know Jarron and he will do everything in his power to make sure you’re ready. He’ll get intense and, like it or not, he’ll demand from you like no one ever has. But keep this in mind, Ellie.” He made sure he was looking into her eyes. “This is what he must do. Learn fast.” Caleb patted Ellie’s hand, reassuring her again before urging her on. “Go ahead, grab your shoes. I’ll take you to the gym.”
He took Ellie through the kitchen, where she swiped an apple from one of the counters. He led her through another hallway, and stopped to access a hidden security panel hidden within the wall. He stepped aside as a four foot section of the once seemingly solid wall skated open to expose a small elevator.
She got in the elevator and gave Caleb a puzzled look. “Is there more than one way to get to Haven?” she asked.
“Yes.”
“When I’d been in the Elders’ Chamber the other night, I don’t remember going this way.” Ellie paused, trying to remember. “In fact, I don’t remember how I got there at all,” she whispered to herself. She wrinkled her forehead, trying to remember how she got to the chamber the other night but, for the life of her, she could not recall.
She remained quiet until the elevator signaled their arrival on Level 2. 
“You ready?” Caleb asked with a small smile. He gestured his arm, motioning for her to get off. 
Ellie stepped out of the elevator slowly to take everything in… or perhaps the nothing that was before her. The warmth and comfort of Isabel’s house was gone. 
She faced a long, white hallway that seemed to go on indefinitely. The floor appeared to be tiled in huge slabs of stone that was shiny and looked wet. There were no markings or signs on the walls; they were just velvety smooth. Ellie looked up and noted the clear etched crystal decanter lights hanging at various heights from the ceiling. She squeezed her eyes into a squint, blurring her vision, and the lights started to look like fireflies playing in the wind.
She gulped, unsure whether she should continue to move forward. She looked at Caleb with worry in her face. 
“It’s okay. Come on.” He offered his arm. “Here, hold on.”
The dark-haired Guardian escorted Ellie down the hallway that seemed to curve, undulate, and veer off to the right. Did the hall really curve, or was it just her perception? She felt woozy and incredibly unbalanced. Everything seemed to be spinning around her, making it difficult to find her equilibrium. She held onto Caleb for support, fearing that she would fall and land on her face. 
He squeezed her forearms lightly and pressed his lips to her temple. He was whispering something against her skin, something she couldn’t understand. All she could feel was the warmth of his breath absorbing into her skin, making her scalp tingle as her senses slowly started clearing. 
“Better?” he asked.
“Um… yeah. I don’t know why I felt so odd back there. I’m okay better now.”
“Good. We’re almost to the gym.”
“Did you…,” she pointed to her head, “do something?”
Her guide just smiled and continued walking. Ellie followed behind him until they reached the gym where Jarron was waiting inside a boxing ring. He was leaning casually, his hands resting on the top rope, a single spotlight shining right above his head. 
Caleb smiled playfully before bowing and turning to leave. 
She turned toward Jarron, proceeding slowly, her nerves rising with each step. He looked serious. She gulped trying to slow the racing pulse she felt beating the side of her throat.
She was headed for trouble.


Back to top



Chapter Seven
Wednesday, December 19th

Jarron bent down and smoothly ambled in between two ropes. He jumped out of the ring to meet her. “Did you get some sleep?” He was looking her over carefully.
“Yes, thank you. You?” She tried to avoid his gaze. She felt like she had better control of her emotions when she was not getting lost in those pools of blue and green. 
He reached for her hand and placed it on his chest. She could feel his heart thundering under the strong, taut muscles of his chest. He bent his head to kiss the tips of her fingers. The touch of his lips sent shivers up and down her spine. She wanted to melt. 
“Come on. Let me give you a tour.” Jarron held on to his new trainee’s hand and led her away from the boxing ring. 
“What did you have in mind for today?” she asked.
“There’s some people I want you to meet before we get started. It’ll give me a better idea about you.”
“I don’t understand.”
“I need you to meet with Anya. She’s one of the Oracles. She’ll be able to read you and let me know what I need to focus on.”
“Read me?” Her forehead crinkled, worry obvious in her eyes.
“We don’t have much time and I need to be able to concentrate your training as much as possible.”
“Read me?” she asked again.
“You don’t need to worry. She’ll only tell me what I need to know for your training.”
He took her through the gym and down a spiral staircase that descended to Level 3. They reached the landing that looked out toward the middle of a large room that reminded her of a lab. She quickly noticed beakers, flasks, and condensers on several tables where brightly-colored mixtures in tubes were slowly heating from torch-like burners. 
Beyond its normal appearance, she felt an ancient wisdom permeating the studies that were conducted in this room and she wanted to look around. The space was open and airy and didn’t have the imposing hoods that were often used in traditional labs for the more toxic experiments. She wondered how they contained the unstable mixtures. 
Several people walked around, oblivious to their arrival. They looked like scientists with their lab coats and safety goggles propped on their heads. Her mood lightened, immediately feeling at home in the space. She had to fight the urge to walk to a table to investigate the active studies. 
She took a step away from Jarron and was immediately stopped by the same woozy feeling she experienced upon entering Level 2. The room began to spin around her and she grabbed on to Jarron for support.
Her breathing became irregular and her heart began to race as a cold sweat spread throughout her body. He tucked her in his arms, resting her head on his hard chest. She could hear his heart beating, its steady rhythm soothing her while he secured her gently in his arms. 
****
Anya looked up from her miniature cauldron and saw Jarron and Elysa by the spiral staircase. Elysa looked ill, green, and ready to vomit. Anya waved at Jarron. “Bring her here.”
Jarron carried Ellie into the sitting room and placed her gently on the couch. “Is she okay?” His voice was full of concern.
Anya knelt next to Ellie and hovered her small hands a few inches over her abdomen. Anya closed her eyes and continued her scan of the sick woman from head to toe. Jarron knew the Oracle was seeing Ellie’s energy pattern in her mind’s eye. She was seeing where the hot spots and troubled areas were, as well as areas of strength and power. 
“She is very sensitive. This is why she feels so sick. She has not yet acclimated to our environment. She is overloaded.”
“She was alright upstairs, and she’s been in the Elders’ Chamber,” Jarron stated.
“Yes, yes, upstairs, she is good. The energies and powers up there have room to move. Down here, no. If she was in the Elder’s Chamber, she was summoned and, therefore, protected from our shields.” Anya shrugged as if to say it was no big deal. “The energy down here is very concentrated. I’m surprised she has not yet thrown up.” Anya smiled at Jarron, the corners of her bright red lips seeming to reach the lobes of her ears. “I will make her tincture. It will help her adjust better.”
“What about her abilities? Can you tell me where her powers lie?” He needed to know about her powers to maximize her training.
“Yes, of course I know. But she is too ill right now. Let me make her tincture, then all three of us will talk.” Anya smiled brightly before leaving to go back to her table. She returned shortly with a small glass of clear liquid. It looked innocuous, like water, but Jarron knew it was not. 
“Anya, why are you wearing that rubber apron and those goggles?” 
Anya loved to wear tank tops with baggy jeans cut off at the knees. She was known for her spiked hair that often changed in color. Currently, it was the same persimmon color of her combat boots. 
She smiled. “In case she hurls, I don’t want to get my clothes dirty.” The petite oracle crinkled her small ski-sloped nose and motioned for Jarron to come next to her. “Sit her up, please. It is time for her to drink.”
“Ellie, I’m going to move you. You’ll need to sit,” Jarron said softly.
Ellie groaned, but cooperated. She sat up and cautiously opened her eyes. Jarron could see her focusing on Anya’s bright red lips, smiling at her. Ellie opened her eyes wider and was soon eye-to-eye with the woman kneeling in front of her, handing her a small glass. 
She drank the entire thing, probably thinking it was water; but the moment she swallowed, she coughed and gasped. “Oh my god, that burns!” She took deep breaths through pursed lips, “Woo!” and almost instantly, she snapped out of her delirium. 
“See? Much better. Now we talk.” Anya looked extremely pleased with herself as she got up from the floor and headed out of the room.
Anya took them to a large study near the lab. It was simple and comfortable with oversized, tufted chairs. Ellie ran her hand over the rich fabric of the chair in front of her. She bent down, looking at the material closely, picking at it with her fingers. She looked curiously at Anya, “This is so nice. What kind of cloth is this? I’ve never seen anything like it before.” 
Anya straightened, pride swelling her petite frame. “It is by my own crafting. A new skill I’m practicing.”
Ellie turned her head and took a deep breath, “It smells lovely in here. Do I smell cinnamon? Incense?” 
Anya’s smile brightened even more. The two women were definitely forming an instant friendship. “Yes, thank you. It is my very own special blend. I’ll give you some, if you like.”
“Anya, I hate to rush this, but I need to get Ellie’s training started. What can you tell us?”
“Yes, yes. Elysa is very sensitive to energies. That’s why she gets nauseous so easily. It is her body’s way of cleansing itself, of ridding itself of the stuff that is not hers.” 
Anya motioned for them to take a seat while she sat cross-legged on the tiled floor as if getting ready to meditate.
Anya looked at Ellie directly. “Elysa, you are an Empath. You feel things. When you feel energies, emotions, thoughts, you absorb them and you feel imbalanced. You get sick. You need to learn to better control this -- to block, but still flow.” Anya chuckled. “It may be very satisfying to vomit on a demon, but it is not very effective weapon, is it?” 
Ellie looked at Jarron. She seemed uncertain, but looked back at Anya with interest. 
“Your strongest element is that of water. You are grounded in the cardinal direction of the West under the rule of Archangel Gabriel,” Anya declared proudly.
Jarron looked at Ellie, his blue and green eyes filled with pleasant surprise. 
Anya continued, “You are very gifted, but you have yet to find your strengths. Let down your walls. Remember that everything you are meant to become is already inside of you. Unleash it. Embrace it. Remember the proud heritage of your family.” Anya stopped, closed her eyes, and rolled her head back. When she began to speak, the energy of the voice was no longer hers.
“Elysa, dear child. Hear us, feel us, for we are always with you. Our strengths, our powers, our skills, our abilities have all been passed down to you. Do not be afraid for we are here with you. You are our child, our descendant. We exist in you; we continue with you.” Anya opened her eyes, the bright smile back on her face. She looked at Ellie, who was stunned and speechless. 
“Are you feeling okay, Elysa?” Anya asked.
“Who was that that was just talking? It wasn’t you.”
“No, no, not me. That was your grandparents, High Guardian Raijin and Priestess Thea.” Anya exaggerated a shiver. “Woo. They have stroooong energy. I still feel prickly all over.” She giggled.
“Is that everything, Anya?” Jarron asked.
“Yes, yes. Well, there is something else, but I cannot say right now. I have to do more study.” At that, Anya got up, walked over to Ellie, and plucked out several hairs from the top of her head. Anya looked at the strands of hair she held between her fingers and looked very pleased. That bright smile appeared on her face again as she turned to leave, leaving Jarron and Ellie on their own.
Anya turned to Jarron before exiting. “Water; her powers deal with water. Find out how it works for her. Maybe she can give you a clue.” 
Jarron gave Anya a bow as she left them.
****
They left the lab and strolled down the hallway, passing the grand double doors of the Elders’ Chamber. Past the chamber and down another corridor was the infirmary where Adam was being monitored and treated 24/7. 
As Jarron had expected, Maya kept her post next to Adam’s bed. She looked tired and deprived of sleep. Her normally vibrant energy was muted with worry and sadness.
Jarron made the introductions. He planned to come back later in the day to spend some time with Adam and help in his healing. His newly-learned abilities were coming in handy, but he wished he didn’t have a use for them at all. Adam’s injuries were probably beyond his abilities, but he wasn’t going to just sit and do nothing. 
He took Ellie back to the Gym on Level 2, while contemplating Anya’s words about her source of power. Water, much like fire, runs deep. It must be balanced. Too little makes the element weak and easily extinguished, but too much causes grave destruction. But, unlike fire, water is essential to all life -- to start it, to create it, and to sustain it. Water is eternal and has cycled through this world since the beginning of time, ever flowing and always present in one form or another.
The element was rare amongst the Anakim. They hadn’t had a water strong Guardian since Elysa’s grandfather, Raijin. Could he, a fire-strong Guardian, be able to guide his elemental opposite? 
Jarron laid out some mats and asked Ellie to sit down. “Come on, let’s talk.” He held on to her hand lightly. “I apologize about earlier today. I lost my head.” 
“It’s fine. You have a lot on your plate, and now you have to deal with me, too.”
“It wasn’t fine and you’re not something I have to deal with. I’m honored to have been asked to do this. Don’t start out with defeat already stifling you. I know what I said; unfortunately, it’s the truth. But you need to go into this with your eyes wide open. As Anakim Guardians, we’re not exactly dealing with the usual suspect of bad guys. We are fighting evil and there is no other way about it. You will see and experience things that will scar you and leave you with nightmares.”
Ellie was listening. She needed to hear this. He wasn’t going to sugar coat anything to try and protect her feelings… not about this. A small lie could lead to her not being prepared and lead to her death. He flattened his tone, his voice steady, as memories of Jade threatened his mind. He lowered his gaze to shield the heaviness he felt dancing across his lids.
“You know, you’re a bad liar. Your eyes always give you away.” Jade giggled as she cuddled him. She knew he was keeping something from her, but he couldn’t tell her. Not just yet. The moment had to be perfect; it had to be right when he asked her to be his bride.
Jarron continued, “It’s a war and just like any war, some will die, and some will live and move on. I will do my part to make sure you live and move on, but I need your help.” 
“I’ll do everything you tell me to do.”
Her voice brought him back to his present thoughts. Jarron locked onto her eyes. “About this morning… I never did find out why you were sitting outside.”
Ellie was hesitating, seeming to consider her words carefully before speaking. “I had a dream about my mom. She disappeared a few years ago and her body was never found. I’ve been having the same dream over the last few months. I know this sounds crazy, but I’m starting to think that, somehow, she survived. That she’s alive.” Ellie’s eyes darted back and forth, her eyes seeking what her mind was trying to search for -- an answer. “When you saw me earlier, I just woke up from the same dream. It was so real. I couldn’t shake it. I felt like I was there with her. I could almost touch her.” 
Jarron considered and understood the difficulty Ellie was having talking about her mother. He knew all too well the emotions that she was attempting to control. He lost his family when he was a child. His parents had been Watchers for The Order. They were peaceful people who only wanted a normal life for their family. His parents did their best to educate him about demons and their existence so he could protect himself, get away, and leave the fighting to the Guardians. 
He could remember his dad talking about the Guardians with such praise and admiration. As a child, he learned that the Guardians were the soldiers of the Anakim -- warriors sworn to defend their safety. It was the Guardians that made it possible for their people to have normal lives. Watchers did not interfere, only observed and reported. Watchers were anonymous, distant, and safe. Of course, now he knew that the Watchers were just as significant to their community, that their roles were no less important to the survival of their people. 
His parents and baby sister had been out running errands in town. He was in school when his family had been attacked by a demon. The demon had somehow identified his family as Watchers. They were killed in cold blood, brutalized. He’d only been seven-years-old at the time, but he had sworn that he would do everything in his power not to let innocent blood be spilled again. He couldn’t bear the thought of anyone else going through the depth of sorrow and confusion that he felt as a child. His parents were good people and his sister was just a baby. 
Isabel had taken him in and became his second mother, but not even Isabel’s kindness and guidance kept him from self-destructive behaviors. He got older and his sorrow turned to anger, then to rage. For a time, even Isabel questioned his ability to remain with The Order.
He sought out the shadows, then Jade came along and offered him the light that he so desperately needed. She simmered his temper. She opened his eyes and helped turn his life around. He learned to control his anger, became a devoted member of The Order and, eventually, rose to the rank of High Guardian. He learned to accept his pain, while no longer letting it rule him… and then Jade was killed. 
Now Ellie was here, another innocent -- beautiful, intelligent, determined, and completely untrained. 
The thought of Ellie dying, being killed by demons, affected him more deeply than he’d expected. By pledging herself to the Anakim, she was helping out The Order. He struggled with his feelings of loyalty to The Order and understanding they needed help, but that help was coming from Ellie… the woman who was making him feel alive again. 
He looked at her and saw the light in her. She was entering a world completely unknown to her, but yet, there she was, ready to risk her life for it because she wanted to do the right thing. 
He needed to get her trained and combat ready in a matter of days. He swallowed his frustration.
“Isabel told me that the Anakim are descended from angels -- that they help protect the balance between good and evil. But I really don’t know what that looks like, and where I’m supposed to fit in to all this. I don’t understand your ways.” 
“You’ve been asked and you’ve sworn yourself to be a Guardian. Do you know what that means?” Jarron knew exactly what it meant for him. He grew up knowing that evil existed and if left unchecked, the world would be extinguished of all its light, goodness, and hope; that, this world and this dimension might as well be Hell.
“Yes. It means I will have to fight.” 
“We don’t fight for the sake of fighting. We are not zealots who go after everything and everyone that is demonic. We understand the value of life… all life. We know what it’s like to be persecuted and to be condemned because of fear. We are all here, sharing this space, this realm. There are battles going on all the time. It’s not just about us going after demons. There are Others and they have their own issues and drama. We stay out of it.” 
Ellie’s forehead creased in question, but no inquiries came out. She was waiting for him to finish. 
“We protect when there’s a need, when innocent lives are at risk. The crazy thing is that demons walk around us every day. There are those who prefer to live an ordinary life, a normal human life. Everyone deserves a chance… including demons. But there are those who choose to take advantage, manipulate, harm, kill, and destroy the very essence of humanity, exterminating those that are deemed weaker. Those are the ones we go after. The ones who try to tip the balance, a balance that hangs on the precipice of every decision and every action we all make.”
“There are Others?” Ellie asked.
“Yes.”
“Are they demons?”
“No. They’re their own thing.”
“So what makes demons different?”
“They come here from another dimension, like angels come here from another plane of existence. But demons come from a much darker place, a place that thrives and feeds off of the negative energies of our realm. Some demons have form, some don’t. Some look human while others are more like beasts and creatures.”
“What about the ones who live here? The ones you say live normal lives?”
“They have chosen to cross over and live here permanently. Most have been here a long time and have absorbed the virtues of our world -- both good and bad. It is not easy, and is an extremely difficult and exceptional thing to accomplish. Many cannot make the transition. The darkness runs too deep and too strong. But for those that do, they live harmoniously with society and even have families, each generation becoming less demonized. I guess you could say that, in a lot ways, they are like the Anakim.”
“How will I know the difference?”
“Your heart, your instincts. Darkness can rule any being. There’s good and bad in all of us. As strange as it may sound right now, some demons have a purpose, and not necessarily for destruction.” He studied her reaction. Her energy was erratic, matching the contemplative war she seemed to be having with herself. If she had any chance of surviving in this new reality that was unfolding before her, she was going to need to take the steps necessary to let go of her past. “And, secondly, and this is where I need your help.” He locked onto her hazel eyes. “I need to know about your connection to water.”
She furrowed her eyebrows as she thought about his question. She took a deep breath, still hesitating. “I can feel the ocean. I can hear the water calling to me.” Nervously, she rubbed her hands together. “Earlier this morning, I wanted to go to the beach to calm my nerves. The ocean has always been soothing to me, but…” She couldn’t look at him and was diverting her gaze to the wall.
His lips rose to a smirk, remembering the fire that he felt surge within her while she’d been in the water. 
Ellie sighed, pink flushing her face. “I know. I practically attacked you. I don’t know what happened. That’s never happened before.”
“How did you feel? I need to know… for your training.” 
Jarron was thinking about the nature of water. Water was a powerful element and could be deceiving; a calm surface often hid churning waters beneath, powerful tides, with a force that could move mountains.  
She looked more nervous. “I felt… different.” 
“Tell me more about hearing and feeling the water. What’s that like?” He looked at her as her energy brightened. She looked exquisite.
Her smile punctuated the relief that seemed to have washed over her, “I feel like I have this connection to water, like I’m a part of it; a drop within the millions. I feel protected by it. I get energized by it. I don’t know… The ocean gives me what I need. Like when I was in Greece, I could dive for hours and never get tired.”
He got up from the mat and extended a hand to Ellie. “Let’s see if I can make you tired. We start training now.” He had the information he needed to get her started, but he was going to need more.  
Ellie stood up, waiting for instruction, when his expression went completely blank and unreadable. She flinched at the instant change. 
He’d admitted that it would be a jarring change to anyone unfamiliar with their ways. He explained that the façade the Guardians bore during times of battle was that of a kill mask -- cold, expressionless, and lethal. It was the last face they wanted emblazoned within the eyes of an opponent, a face with no judgment and no emotion.
“I’m going to have you do drills. Do exactly as I tell you,” he instructed.
For the rest of the afternoon, he focused on physical training to get a better assessment of her fitness. Ellie was coordinated, fit, agile, and fast. She had no trouble keeping up with all the exercises that he threw in her direction, not even the more complicated offensive boxing combinations that had her throwing jabs, uppercuts, and cross-hooks. 
She was a fast learner with good instincts, and was able to duck and bob to avoid his punches, even turning around to land a few blows on him, which got her smiling from ear-to-ear; the student besting the teacher.
During training, he felt her energy brighten and charge. Her energy would burst like beams of light coming through a crack in the wall, then something would pull her back and it would flicker and burn out.
He pushed, trying different things to get the light to surge, but something was holding her back. She was afraid, but not for the obvious reasons. It wasn’t demon fighting she feared. There was something more that kept her from showing all that she was. Why did she hide, even from herself?
He needed to break down her walls, but how? 
He ended training a little past noon to give Ellie a break. He needed time to talk with Anya again. There had to be a faster way for Ellie to get in touch with her hidden warrior. He saw the spirit there; during times when Ellie was completely immersed in the moments of a routine and was focused only on the movement and flow of the exercise, her energy crackled and an almost imperceptible layer of mist began to form around her. Her powers had increased.
It was like watching a storm gather; like feeling the crackle of power in the air as a storm neared -- right before a deadly tempest roared down from the heavens. 
He headed back down to Level 3 to find Anya sitting at her table. She had her back turned to him and was completely unaware of his approach. Her head was bobbing to the same beat as the bass escaping from the muffs of the large headphones she wore. 
He tapped her on the shoulder. She spun around, head still rocking to the beat of her music. “What?!” she screamed.
He motioned for her to take her headphones off. She smiled brightly and slid them off her head.
“Sorry, Jarron. I was enjoying my music. Is quite good. You wanna listen?” She handed him the headphones, like an offering.
“Can we talk for a minute?” 
“Yes, yes, sure. About?”
“Earlier, you said there was something else about Ellie, but you couldn’t say what.”
“Yes, yes, that’s right. I almost forgot.” Anya shrugged.
“Anya…” 
“Oh, yes, yes. I’m so sorry. I’m a little distracted. Got lots on my mind, you see. Yes. Elysa. I plucked out her hairs to test.”
“Did you discover anything? Any information that could help with training? There isn’t much time and…”
Anya cut him off, “No, there isn’t much time, at all. There are more battles to come. More deadly, more trying. We will be tested to our very limits. We must be prepared. Elysa will be strong. We need her.”
“Anya, I need your help. I need to know how I can teach her. I need to know how to release her power. We have not had a water-strong Guardian since Raijin. I don’t know if I can…”
“You will help Elysa release her power. You must and you will.”
“I need help. Please. Tell me what I must do.”
Anya looked into Jarron eyes. Her hold was unyielding. She was reaching into his mind, going into the depths of his consciousness to bypass all barriers and speak to him telepathically. There is more to learn about her. She is extremely strong, but she has no clue. She is being shielded, protected by very strong powers. But the shields are weakening and she will be vulnerable unless she learns to protect herself.
He looked at Anya. He wondered about the shields that Anya was speaking of. 
“She is Anakim. She is a witch, although she doesn’t know it. And she is... something else. Something I have not yet encountered. I don’t understand what the something is. What I know is that she thrums with enormous power!” Anya smiled brightly as if a cloud were just lifted from her. “She’ll kick serious ass. Lots of demon asses! I can’t wait!” Anya clapped and jumped up in glee.
“Anya, could Ellie’s powers be bound? You said she’s being shielded.” 
“Sure.” Anya chuckled. “Maybe that’s why she’s so uptight!” She slapped the tabletop, impressed with her own joke. “Ahhh, I’m just kidding. Her powers could be bound, but I would have to do more tests to confirm. Do you want me to?”
“I might.” 
“If her powers are bound, it would have been done by someone very strong. Elysa is no weakling, and to contain something like that… Oy, that takes a lot of hutzpah!”
Anya reached underneath her table and grabbed a silver vial out of a drawer and handed it to him. “Here. I made this for Elysa.”
“What is it?” 
“Potion. Don’t worry, it won’t kill her. Might make her scream, maybe squirmy… but kill? No!”
He asked patiently, “What is it?”
“Potion, I said. Give it to Elysa and tell her that it will help with her training. Once she drinks it, she will know what to do, but you must stay with her. Don’t leave her. She cannot be alone.” 
He looked at her.
Anya read his concern. “She will be safe. Be there for her. She must take the potion willingly. It cannot be forced on her.” Anya grabbed his hand. Her petite hands appeared child-like next to his large, battle-worn hands. “If she is willing to take the potion, make sure she is near water. A full moon would strengthen the effects…” Anya shrugged and smiled at Jarron. “But it is not necessary.”
She put her headphones back on and got back to stirring something in a test tube, a clear sign that she was finished with their conversation. 
He shook his head, thinking that the problem with this Oracle was that, for all her talent, she had the attention span of a five-year-old. Maybe that was a trade-off for experiencing more than one dimension at a time.
He returned to the gym to find Ellie practicing with what appeared to be silver rods. He held back, wanting to observe. She was fluid in her motions and was going through clear defensive stances with the rods. She worked deeper into her exercise and found her connection with the rods. He felt her energy spark the moment it happened. The air around her crackled as she arced the rods simultaneously to her sides. She transitioned to linear slashing movements to her sides, front and back, pushing each motion with power and force. He could see energy within the rods, sizzling and building with current. The storm has come, he thought.
He waited until she was finished. He was impressed. “Good. I see you’ve already chosen your weapon.”
Ellie gawked at him. She raised the sticks, to make an X in front of her chest. “My weapons…” she whispered, out of breath.
“I’ll take you to the weapons vault tomorrow and you can pick out a harness. I’ll modify one for you. Those rods are impressive. You’ll need to be able to carry them with you.” 
Ellie was breathing heavily, her hands clenching and unclenching the sticks. Sweat trickled down the side of her face, her lips tight. “Jarron, what if I can’t do this? What if I can’t go and do what I’m supposed to do? What if someone gets hurt because of me?”
He needed to get her ready. He saw the potential waiting to come out. He’d bring it out. He knew she had immense power. He could feel it. If he was going to ensure her survival, he would have to find a way to release that power. Not only for her sake, but for the sake of The Order and everything they upheld to protect. “I spoke with Anya again,” Jarron said evenly. “She made you a potion.” 
Ellie looked at him curiously. “Potion? For…?”
“She said it would help you with training.”
“How?”
“She didn’t elaborate. Just said that once you took it, you would know what to do.”
Ellie eyed the vial he held up, apprehension clearly etched on her face as she rubbed her throat absently. 
“It is your choice to take the potion or not.” He handed Ellie the small, silver vial.
She held it up to her face and scrunched her eyebrows together. “What’s it supposed to do?”
“I don’t know. Anya just asked that I not leave you alone if you decide to take it.”
“Thank you.” She looked at the vial tentatively before tucking it underneath her tank top. “Let me think about it.”

Back to top



Chapter Eight
Friday, December 21st

What the hell did she get into? What was she thinking? She was a scientist, not a fighter.
Training was extreme on all levels. She often forgot her attraction to Jarron amidst the expletives that came out of her mouth as he threw her down on the mats or pushed her up against a wall. He brought out a level of strength and ferocity in her that she hadn’t realized she possessed. 
She felt her power rising to the surface. 
He pushed her to her limits and beyond, sometimes pushing her to tears of frustration. She thought that he was trying to break her. If she stopped at fifty, he would force another thirty on her. It didn’t matter what exercise, what drill, what time, nothing. He pushed and he pushed for more. He didn’t take excuses, and he challenged her determination. 
Ellie collapsed on the floor, her knees bent in the air. She gasped for air, the stinging in her lungs making her cough. She let her head roll heavily to the side to look at the self-satisfied smirk on her punisher’s face. She wanted to kick the pretty right off of him.
His heterochromic eyes brightened as he clapped slowly to punctuate the completion of her last drill. “Come on, get up! Do it again!” he commanded. 
She rolled to her side and tried pushing up from the floor, but felt every muscle go into shock. Oh god, her whole body was about to cramp. Pretty boy was going to get his ass beat as soon as she could move. She slumped back down on the mat, letting gravity roll her head side to side to signal defeat. She’d kick his ass tomorrow… when she could move again.
He smirked. “Catch your breath. You can take a break.” He walked out of the gym, his backside looking sexy as hell. That’s it. Exhaustion had fried her mind, too. 
She was delirious, but knew that something more needed to happen. She felt it gnawing at her gut. She could feel the power coursing through her like waves crashing against a rocky harbor -- a building tidal wave of energy that was guiding her instincts and waking the forgotten abilities of a warrior. But the warrior inside was trapped and needed to be released. 
Her eyes opened and closed slowly, her exhaustion making her whole body go limp on the mat. She surrendered to the heaviness of her lids and would have taken the power of Atlas to lift them open. Her vision became hazy as dreams quickly began to unfold. 
She could see the light dancing on the surface of the water. It was beautiful, peaceful. She was sinking in frigid water. Her hair lifted above her face, while the underwater tides cradled her descent. 
Schools of fish swam past and away from a pod of dolphins giving chase.
“Elysa! Rise! Your power is within your grasp. Rise to the surface! Claim the light! Rise, Elysa!” a dim voice echoed from a distance.
She was alone. Who was there? She thrashed against the force pulling her down. She struggled to swim to the surface. She needed air. She needed to breathe. She gasped. She was drowning.
Ellie jerked out of her sleep, looking around in panic. She was still in the gym. She sighed in relief as she pushed up from the mat. The Order and everyone in it had become special to her. They have become the family she’d always longed for, especially after her mom’s disappearance. The Order had shown her more kindness and love in the short time she’d been with them than in the lifetime she’d spent with her own family. Even the ‘drill sergeant’ was special to her. Her heart skipped.
The Order believed in her and had tasked Jarron to take her out in the field to elevate her training. Did they have the same blind faith in everyone? In her opinion, it was like setting up a child to drive a bus through a busy street. It was too soon and had disaster written all over it. She worried for Jarron. She didn’t want him hurt because of her. He would protect her. She knew it without a doubt. 
The dream came back to her with a twinge in her heart. The voice resonated in her mind, rise. She swallowed, coming to terms with the realization that there was no other choice. She had to take the potion. She had to trust in Anya. If the potion would help her training, if it meant that she wouldn’t have to risk Jarron’s life, she had to take it. 
Slowly, she lumbered back to her room and sat at the foot of her bed, staring at the phone across from her. She needed to call Jarron. 
The phone rang on the other end for the third time. On the fourth, an automated voice asked her to leave a message. “Hi, it’s Ellie. I’m going to take Anya’s potion.” 
****
Jarron was crouched in the boxing ring, reaching for his phone, when Caleb walked in. He greeted his friend with a quick nod and waited for Jarron to finish his call. “Hey. I got your message. Where are you…? Yeah. I’ll be there. Give me a few minutes.” 
Caleb leaned against the wall, his head dipping in between his arms. He felt depleted in every way. He could feel Jarron looking into him from the ring. He knew he looked like shit and he felt like shit. He looked up, feeling Jarron get closer. 
“Something’s wrong. ‘Fess up.” He could feel Jarron reading his energy, again.
He ran this hand through his dark hair, “What? No hello?” he asked, innocently.
Jarron smirked. “You sleeping?” 
“Stop being such a girl.” Caleb clasped Jarron on the shoulder and gave him a weak smile. “Sounds like you’ve got somewhere to go. I’m fine. Go. I have to go back to Control. We’ll talk later.” 
Jarron didn’t move. “We can talk now.”
Caleb shook his head. He didn’t want to talk. He just wanted to sleep. If Jay got too pushy, he might end up exploding his ass. “No. Go.”
He hung back, waiting for Jarron to leave the gym. His head was pounding, the pain spreading over the crown of his head. He squeezed his eyes shut and thought back to the night at the club. 
He’d been having night terrors since then. The nightmares were getting worse and becoming paralyzing. They were beginning to invade his waking hours. The visions were so real that he questioned what was real and what was imagined. He thought he had his mental barriers well secured, but something from the darkness had gotten through.
He finally straightened and blew out, his frustration making the pain worse.
****
Ellie felt refreshed after a long, hot shower. She let her wet hair drape over her shoulders as she got dressed in what she now considered her uniform -- her yoga pants and tank top. She walked to the large panoramic window in her room and lifted her arm to move the curtain. She rolled her shoulders back, wanting to loosen the tightness in her arms from the day’s workout. 
Peering out the window, a smile spread across her face as she watched the Sisters gathered in the back. It was Winter Solstice and she’d been told that the sacred night marked a time of change, of renewal, of coming abundance from a period of sleep. It was a blessed night that was honored with offerings to the Beings of Light. 
She watched in wonder as each of the sisters took the utmost care to arrange the offerings. They sat within a circle of torches illuminating their preparations, each beautiful maiden looking luminous as they worked joyously under the radiance of the moon. Numerous baskets were filled with bountiful harvests from the gardens around the estate -- vegetables, fruits, and flowers. 
She recognized Anya, as well as the twins, Theresa and Tess, within the group and smiled to herself. She was witnessing a blessed event and she felt privileged. The sisters were beginning to line up and start a procession into the woods. They began to march slowly and a voice, she couldn’t tell whose, carried in the night air, singing a most evocative aria. 
It sounded magical as she felt her spirits rise with the crescendo of the song. One by one, the sisters disappeared within the borders of the forest and, much too soon, their presence became too distant for her to experience. Reluctantly, she let the curtain drift from her fingers, still trying to catch a hint of the beautiful melody that touched her so deeply. 
Jarron would be there soon. She paced her room nervously, wishing she had something to do -- like prepare, but for what? She didn’t know. She had no clue what to expect or what would happen. Normally, she wouldn’t ingest anything that she didn’t recognize, but there was no other choice. She had to do this. She couldn’t risk the people she cared about. 
Before he even knocked on her door, she felt his presence nearing. It was warm, soothing, as if to say that everything would be okay. She was no longer a nervous wreck around him. She opened the door and greeted him with a special smile that only he brought out in her. 
“You ready?” He remained by her door.
“Ready as I’ll ever be. What do I need to do?”
“Come on. Let’s go out by the creek. Anya said you have to be by water.”
“Where is it?”
“It’s close. We’ll go by my cabin. It’s not too far from there. I’ll take you to my favorite spot.”
They walked to the east side of the house and headed into the woods surrounding the estate’s property. His cabin was neatly tucked in a clearing about a quarter-mile from the house. It was a lovely log cabin, large enough for a family. 
“Your cabin is beautiful,” she remarked.
“Most of the logs are from the estate.” He looked up, pride filling his eyes. “Just let me grab a few things and we’ll go. The creek is not too far from here.” 
She waited while he put some things into a backpack. She looked around and took notice of the interior. The furnishings had strong wood frames with clean lines. The couch was a soft, overstuffed cloud of green that, at first, seemed out of place amongst all the straight edges of the tables and cabinetry, but after she sat down, she quickly realized that it was an island of comfort and it didn’t matter what it looked like. 
She was running her hand over the soft fabric, liking the feel of the soft chenille under her fingers, when Jarron returned with the backpack in his hand. 
He reached into the side pocket and pulled out a flashlight. He handed it to her and they set out to walk east into the woods. The walk was easy, but Jarron took it slow, being careful to pick out the right footing as he led her forward. 
She could hear the gentle flow of the creek lapping over rocks as a mild breeze swirled around her, rustling the leaves strewn on the forest floor before emptying back into the night. 
She slowed as she spied a projection extending from the side of the creek on top of a boulder. It was a deck. Jarron offered his hand to her and led her to the landing. “This is my favorite area. If it was daylight, you’d see how peaceful it is here.”
“Did you build this?” Ellie asked, pointing to the sturdy platform beneath them.
The corner of his lips pulled up slightly as he took the lantern out of his backpack. She hadn’t seen one of these old-fashioned lanterns in a long time. She didn’t think they were even made anymore. 
He lit the wick and the fire burned high and bright. He turned the little knob to adjust the height of the wick before he set the lantern down at a corner over the water’s edge. 
She looked at Jarron. The flickering flame played upon his features. She smiled, liking the way his five o’clock shadow darkened his chiseled jaw and framed his full lips. 
She walked toward him. 
“Are you sure about this?” 
“Yes.” Ellie stuck her hand in her jacket pocket, feeling the cool metal of the vial brush against her fingers. She held it, noting its small size. 
She lowered herself to a kneeling position on the deck and pulled out the vial. She shook it gently, feeling the liquid slosh inside the metal capsule. It felt nearly full. She held the small tube in front of her. She raised the vial in the air in a toast. “Cheers,” she said lightly.
She downed the contents of the vial in one gulp, surprised at the sweet flavor flowing down her throat. She could almost identify the taste, when she began to feel drowsy. She felt her eyes closing as she slowly sagged forward. 
Jarron caught her and kept her head from hitting the ground. He felt for her pulse and checked her breathing. Her vitals were steady and strong. He laid her down and grabbed a blanket out of his backpack to cover her. 
He leaned back against a tree next to the deck. The woods were secure, all Anakim lands were protected, and the estate had the strongest shields that could be crafted. There was nothing left for him to do but watch and wait.
He was watching the sky, enjoying the silence, when Ellie bolted upright into a sitting position. “How long was I out?” She looked dazed.
He straightened a little to stretch his back. “A few minutes. What happened?” 
“It felt like I was gone for hours. I was elsewhere. I saw you. I saw me. I was with my grandparents.”
“Did they say anything?”
“Yeah…” She paused, trying to remember. “They told me how I can speed up the process. You know… of releasing my power.”
She’d been with her grandparents. They explained that she had the ability to astral project; that her powers were waking, gathering, and needing release. “My grandmother, Thea…” Ellie was trying to find the words. “She said that tonight was the best night to try and do this. That the barriers between worlds were at their thinnest. That if I opened up, I could tap into this cosmic knowledge and access my abilities.”
“Did she say how?” He needed to know to improve her training. 
“Yeah, she did. Energy.”
Her grandmother’s words came rushing at her, like she’d been sitting in front of Thea again. She could clearly hear her voice in her mind. She closed her eyes, opening up her essence as her grandmother instructed her to do. She could feel the energies beginning to flow into her, unrestricted and free flowing. 
Her hands began to warm and tingle. The energy was coursing through her limbs, like rapids flowing down a river. She felt deep parts of her waking up, like a wilted flower being showered with life-giving water. She bloomed and felt engorged. 
She blew out slowly, trying to acclimate to the feeling of expansion she felt all over her body. She looked at Jarron with heightened interest. “Do you feel like this all the time?”
He chuckled. “Like what?”
“It feels like everything is alive and awake and I’m a part of it.”
Ellie remembered her grandmother trying to repress a smile as she told her about needing to tap into nature’s creative energy because that’s where all life began. That she must mix the elements of water, fire, and energy. That flesh and spirit must unite in a sacred union. That she must surrender and relinquish all conscious control and give over to the Universe. Ellie was not sure what her grandmother was trying to tell her during their time together, but now that she was back in her physical body and could feel every part of her, she understood what she needed to do to unlock her powers. She felt the energies caressing her, exciting her, awakening deep sensations within her. 
She savored everything that she was feeling. She felt euphoric and was craving to be touched, to be held, and to feel skin next to hers. The smells of the forest sharpened, intoxicating her senses with the sweet fragrance of night jasmine and the strong woodsy scent of pine. 
Slowly, she stood up, enjoying the sway of her hips as she prowled toward him. All her focus was on him and the sculpted perfection that bulged in all the right places. She licked her lips, remembering their kiss and his tongue going into her mouth, completely disarming her inhibitions. She wanted him. He was the fire she needed to ignite her energy and wake her still waters.
She swung her long legs over his, doing it slowly to give him a chance to stop her; he didn’t. He wrapped his fingers over her hips and guided her on top of him. She stared into his eyes, looking for any excuse not to go through with her purpose. She found none. He wanted this as much as she did.
She caught her breath at the prickle that shot from her center, a delicious stab that heightened her senses to his all-male presence. She felt him growing underneath her, his desire pushing at her, seeking her, exciting her sensitive core. She centered herself on his hardness, wanting to deepen the sensations she was feeling. 
She was panting as she pressed herself against him, hungrily tasting the sweetness of every part of his mouth, his lips, and his tongue. She pulled back, her lips tender from their kiss. 
“Jarron…” She was trembling.
He pulled her close, securing her against his chest. She felt the air whoosh around her and suddenly found herself on her back. He was taking control, just as she thought he would.
The tips of his fingers stroked her skin as he slid off her pants. He raised her leg, resting it on his shoulder and kissed his way down the length. His eyes were on fire, matching the waves of energy coming off of him as he tore off her lacey, soaked panties. He reached for her center, his fingers rubbing her expertly, making her quiver under his touch. She was dripping with moisture as he strummed her hardened bud into ecstasy. 
She arched her back and her neck, exposing the soft supple skin she wanted him to devour. He swooped in, nipping at the delicate curve behind her ear. 
He stretched her arms over her head and pulled her shirt off slowly, making her shiver as the fabric of her shirt caressed her skin. Securing her wrists with his hand, he moved his attention to her chest and licked her nipples. 
She trembled, her breath faltering as he devoured her breasts. Her entrance was throbbing as his fingers continued their magic, making her body tighten. She tried to squirm out of his hold, wanting to grab him and touch him all over, but he gripped her wrists tighter. “Release it Ellie,” he whispered into her skin. The warmth of his breath spread into her flesh, making her buzz with pleasure, stimulating her beyond anything she’d ever felt before. She was going mad. All reason was gone and all that was left was her need to be filled. 
He lifted from her, his strong legs keeping her caged. She was staring, her eyes wide, as he slowly unzipped his pants, letting them slide off his trim waist. His abs dipped low, creating that perfectly shaped “V” that led straight to his… magnificence. She gulped, her breath catching. Rise, Elysa. Claim your power, the voice from her dream rang in her mind once more.
He adjusted and pushed her legs open with his knees, exposing her center to the cold night air, and sending shivers up her spine. She felt the silky tip of his magnificence meet her opening, but he held back, maddening her.
It was too much. The energies rushing through her demanded she be taken now. She would beg, she would plead, she only cared about one thing; every female part of her screamed out, wanting to be taken. “Jarron, please.” She was breathing hard, her chest heaving under his burning stare.
He teased her with his tongue, exploring her nape, her ears, and her cleavage. He left behind a trail of pleasure, making her skin vibrate. His very breath became an erotic tool against her. She was writhing beneath him, her hips meeting his to let him know exactly what she wanted. He plunged into her, filling her cavern and stretching her to her limit. He groaned, sexy and very male, exciting her, making her drip with dew. She held him tight, clasping his length within her silky tube, reveling in the fullness. He filled every part of her, making her nerve endings come alive.
He pulled out and softly nipped her ear. “Release to me,” he moaned against her ear as he trapped her arms above her head again. Her breasts lifted, her abdomen stretched tight, and her legs spread wide on either side of him. She felt exposed and a servant to his touch.
He entered her slowly, making her feel every inch of him, leaving her thighs trembling. He went deeper… “Jarron, please,” she said breathlessly. “Let me touch you.”
He released her hands and she ran them over his back, feeling ripples of hard muscle flexing as he pistoned in and out of her. He pulled out, leaving her feeling empty suddenly. He leaned down and possessed her lips, his tongue expertly caressing the inside of her mouth and making her breathe his own. 
He lifted from her and held her captive under his gaze. His heat was rising around her, encapsulating her, as his eyes darkened with hunger. 
He grabbed her ankles and kissed each leg greedily before he threw them over his wide shoulders. He leaned forward, stretching her legs back over her head making her gasp as he buried himself into her. She arched her back, wanting him even deeper, as her cavern gripped him tight and his magnificence reached parts of her that had never been touched before. She was lost in her body’s shameless need, loving the pleasure that filled all her senses. She moaned his name, “Jarron…” 
He quickened, increasing the delicious friction he was delivering to her center. He penetrated both her core and her very essence, breaking down her walls, making her lose all control. “Release to me,” he moaned.
She felt him drive into her, pushing the breath out of lungs. Her moans echoed through the forest floor as he hit that most sensitive spot that sent her careening over the edge, screaming out his name into the starlit night. 
She was breathless. 
Her eyes traced across their glistening skin. Her skin was cooling, making her shudder. She felt delicious and free, even as her thighs quivered from the exquisite attention she’d just received. A contented smile spread on her face and she squeezed closer into his embrace, her euphoria holding her enthralled past the point of release.
Spirits and flesh united. 


Back to top



Chapter Nine
Friday, December 21st

Caleb and his unit were out on patrol at the SOMA district of the city. The black cloud had reappeared and had been reported by several Watchers. In the last couple of days, it had concentrated itself over a large storage facility in the district, causing an upheaval in the area -- crimes seemed to have spiked in the last two days around the focal point, the community was distressed, and paranoia was spreading quickly.
The last time the black cloud appeared there had been a rash of disappearances all over the city. He wondered if more had happened that had gone unnoticed by The Order.
Caleb had been studying the surveillance videos from the attack on Jarron’s team. The demon forms looked human in the videos -- demons could possess people. If a suitable host was found, the demon would take over that body and extricate the original soul. 
The body became a suit for the demon to hide in, able to blend in with the human world while doing horrendous evil. Identifying those bodies was significant. If they could ID the human form, they could potentially capture the demon possessing it. 
Through some tech wizardry, Sirius was able to clean the film and show the demons’ faces. Not all of them were captured on camera, but enough were identified to let Caleb know that the demons were, in fact, the eight civilians who had disappeared. He needed to get to those civilians. Maybe some of original soul still remained. He doubted it, but there was a chance. A strong soul could survive an invasion like that. The soul would be weakened, but there could be enough for them to question and gain leads. 
None of the eight had ties to demons. They were upstanding citizens who did more charitable work than the average person. Why them? There had to be a reason.
Their internal resources within the FBI, reported that the Feds were suspecting that the case with the eight was more than a mass kidnapping and were closely watching. Their mole, his younger brother, reported that everything and anything concerning the eight was locked up tight. Security access was only granted at the highest levels of the agency and every transaction concerning the eight, were being closely guarded. 
With that kind of scrutiny, making contact with any of the eight civilians would be extremely difficult. If the Feds started snooping around in their backyard, it would make things more difficult. 
The Order’s assets were well hidden and their identities masked underneath layers of false aliases and networks that led to nowhere. Proving existence of The Order would be difficult on paper, but their demon-catching ways would be problematic to suppress. The public eye was not looking for activity and could be easily fooled with glamour and magick -- illusions to create what the mind wanted to see, but for eyes looking and searching for anomalies like the Feds might be, hiding their activity would not be so easy. 
The risk to make contact with the eight survivors would not be worth it. Eventually, the demons would reveal their hands and they would have to be ready.
Caleb squeezed his eyes shut and pinched the bridge of his nose, trying to relieve the building pressure that he felt behind his eyes. He shook it off and prepared as the SUV slowed to a stop at a large storage complex. The block was too quiet, the night sky, dark. Josh pulled the SUV to a stop and looked out the window, his face scrunched up in question. “What the hell?”
It was strangely still. 
They exited their vehicle cautiously, all of them feeling the change in the air -- ominous, heavy, intrusive in its presence. The disturbance was everywhere. They were surrounded by it as the heaviness of the air bore down, shredding any feelings of lightness out of them. 
Caleb creased his brow as he looked around, his eyes straining to focus. The vein on his temple was beating hard, matching the unease that was growing in the pit of his stomach. The storage units wavered in and out of his vision, the surrounding buildings swaying and bending from their foundations. The city block flashed out and jagged mountain ranges flashed in within a blink of his eyes. “No…” he gritted out. He pushed the heels of his palms into his eyes, squeezing the hallucination out of his mind. “Be on guard!” Caleb commanded.
He stretched out his arm to signal his team to stop. With a flick of his wrist and quick gestures with his fingers, they all knew -- shields up, spread out, cover more ground. “Josh stay in the car.” Caleb ordered. 
Josh looked surprised, but didn’t argue as he, Ryder, and Nic moved ahead and spread out, stalking toward a row of storage units where the air felt dense. “Over here,” he called to the others. “There’s a barrier.” The barrier buzzed as his team mate got closer. “It’s adjusting.” He informed them. Caleb examined protective barricade. It was a thick, viscous invisible shield that felt like slime as it worked to defend against their energy signatures. He looked at his team, “focus your energies, shield yourselves, then push through.” Ryder and Nic gave a quick nod, and collectively, they pressed through the boundary, their joint strength piercing the dark shield. 
They’d walked into a vacuum, their ears closing and then popping for release.
Flashes of his nightmares appeared before him, clearly materializing into reality. His head was tightening, the pressure increasing behind his eyes. He shook his head and blinked his eyes hard. Focus. Blood ran down his nose and into his mouth. He cursed underneath his breath. “Damn it, not now.” He wiped off the blood with the back of his hand, smearing the crimson liquid across his cheek. 
He concentrated, sensing for any thought patterns lurking in the shadows. There was a demon here. He could feel it digging into his mind. It got to him first, and kept its location masked from him. Where are you, demon? 
He looked back. Ryder was approaching, signaling an all-clear. Ryder was one of four men under his lead, and the one who charged into missions with him. Nic served as their sniper, their distant eyes, who took care of everything within their perimeter. Josh had joined his team. The young Guardian was full of promise and enthusiasm, but he wasn’t ready to have him go face-to-face with a demon yet. For now, he used Josh’s incredible skill behind the wheel. His time to face a demon in battle would come soon enough.
Ryder had his pistol pointed forward, his sight aimed and ready to shoot whatever target crossed his path. He never missed. He and Nicolas were equal in accuracy. But unlike Nicolas, who liked to scout from a distance and guard their backs, Ryder thrilled in the action of a pursuit. 
Ryder’s gait was slowing down. Caleb looked over his shoulder, noticing the big blond Guardian was clenching his jaw and his breathing becoming erratic. “Shit. Fight it Ryder. Fight it.” Caleb ran to him, sensing the fear rising inside his mind, making him unresponsive to anything else. 
Caleb quickly slipped his pistol in his thigh holster and gripped Ryder’s head. He dug into his mind, connecting with the light that was his friend… seeing what Ryder saw, feeling what Ryder felt -- the cold fingers of dread creeping up his spine, freezing his blood and strangling his lungs. Ryder was shaking as Caleb witnessed the shadows rising around them, enclosing them in a suffocating cocoon, slowly cutting off their air. “Listen to my voice, Ryder. What you’re seeing is not real. Fight it. I need you here with me.” 
Caleb watched the warrior fighting his nightmare, struggling to regain control of his mind. He watched the knuckles around his pistol turn white, Caleb paying close attention to the trigger finger poised over the guard. He reached slowly for Ryder’s arm. “Listen to me, Ryder. Ignore everything else and focus on me. Hear me out. Follow my voice.” Caleb needed to break through the nightmare gripping Ryder. A demon was nearing, its strength gathering. They didn’t have time.
Caleb pushed his thumbs into Ryder’s temples and sought out his consciousness, lighting it and shredding all illusion away from it. He fought through the darkness trying to overtake and cloud his friend’s will and dissolve his courage.
Caleb fought to clear Ryder’s mind, while his hold on his own terrors weakened, making him vulnerable. His friend’s blue eyes grew wide as the darkness seeped out of his mind and he regained control. Caleb clasped him on the shoulder. “Good to have you back. Let’s move.”
****
Nicolas stood on top of a storage unit, a stationary post set up. He had a bird’s-eye view of the property and would be able to easily send his shots in any direction. Nicolas’ sharp eyes kept watch as he observed Caleb and Ryder’s approach. Something was wrong. Why were they stopped and not watching for an attack. From his periphery, he saw movement, a black sheet wavering in the wind, then nothing. He scanned the area and held his bow taut, ready to fire at the first demon that appeared.
Nicolas leaned his head to the side and spoke into his com-disc. “We have movement to the south and north. Watch your backs. I’ve lost sight of them.” Nicolas scanned the area again, seeing the creature as it emerged from the thickened air hovering over the storage units. It was on the attack! “Caleb… report! Ryder… report!” Nothing. “Shit,” Nicolas ground out.
The demon was moving with blinding speed, frustrating Nicolas. Getting a solid aim when the creature was in motion would be impossible. He would not be able to match the demon’s speed. 
****
Caleb felt the rush of air coming up behind him and turned quickly. He was rammed by the beast, sending him slamming into a light post. He dropped to the ground with a groan. He got up to his knees and pulled the semi-automatic pistols out of his shoulder holsters. The beast quickly turned and was coming for him again. He sent a few bullets flying before the creature had him pinned to the ground. 
The creature pushed its claws down on his chest, puncturing his skin, the pad of its front paw as large as Caleb’s chest. The creature leaned down, its wet muzzle almost touching his face. He could smell the acrid breath coming out of the demon’s mouth, the rattling from its throat vibrating wildly as the creature sniffed him. “What the hell?!” 
Ryder was running toward him, pistol in each hand, bullets flying at a ferocious pace. Spent rounds landed all around him, the shells still steaming as they hit the ground. 
The creature snarled, its thick mucus dripping on top of Caleb. It watched the hail of bullets bounce off its hide. The creature hissed, the corner of its lip convulsing in small waves. It eyed Ryder, instantly bounding in his direction. The large beast was on top of him before he could adjust, slashing across his chest, its claws digging in, taking hold of flesh as it tore across his pectorals, sending Ryder flying into a tree. 
It roared, a triumphant bellow resounding throughout the lot. 
Nicolas aimed for the creature’s open mouth, launching a volley of arrows. He needed to be quick before the beast closed its jaws. He only needed one to connect and to embed in flesh. He emptied his quiver, all his projectiles failing in their mission. He threw down the bow and grabbed for his rifle, firing until the magazine clicked empty.
The beast turned its massive head toward Nic and roared a destructive, sonic force aimed at the sniper. The energetic waves crashed into him with the blow of a wrecking ball crashing into the side of the building. He felt his gut cave in, and air leave his lungs as he went soaring and smashing into the windshield of their SUV. 
Josh jumped in his seat, startled from the loud crunch. Nic’s body lay sprawled across the shattered glass. He scrambled out of the driver’s seat to help Nicolas. “Holy shit! Nic! Caleb! Caleb! Ryder! Come in. Report your location!” Josh frantically cried into his communications mouthpiece. “Nic?! Nic?!” 
Nicolas opened his eyes, groaning and clutching his torso as he rolled off of the SUV’s crunched hood. “Grab more weapons. Let’s go! Caleb and Ryder need help.”
The men armed themselves and ran back to the center of the storage units where Caleb and Ryder remained trapped. The teammates stood, side-by-side, weapons drawn, their eyes following the beast circling them, sneering at them, its snout convulsing and dripping with toxic saliva. Both men had been battered and beaten, each one bearing deep cuts on their torso and arms, their faces caked with blood and dirt, their breathing visibly heavy from the struggle. 
Nicolas and Josh rushed toward the creature. It bristled with their approach. Its eyes shining bright as it glared at them, waiting for them to get closer. The beast reared back, unleashing a deafening bawl like Tarzan calling to the beasts of the jungle. 
Nic looked at Josh, “Shit, that can’t be good.” 
Heavy winds whipped through, sending debris swirling in the air, preventing Nicolas and Josh from moving forward, cutting them off from Caleb and Ryder. The winds howled and twisted around them, sending jets of water to lash at their bodies, burning their skins with corrosive liquid. They held up their arms to protect their faces, while the skin on their arms sizzled from the poisons that ate at them. 
The howling slowed and the winds died down to reveal eight demons. The creatures were condensing, their forms becoming more viscous and thick; tightening into humanoid vessels encasing rushing water. 
The demons strode forward, their steps, heavy and loud like water falling off a cliff. They left behind pools of water on the pavement; small demonized versions of themselves that slinked to surround Josh and Nicolas. The Guardians backed into each other, their paths completely blocked on all sides, extinguishing all possible attempts at getting to Caleb and Ryder. 
The demons rushed at them, their forms bending forward at the hip, to shoot out geysers against Josh and Nicolas. They were being drowned where they stood, unable to escape the flood being directed at them.
****
Ellie bolted upright, gasping for air. She couldn’t breathe. She reached for Jarron, unable to speak, her lungs feeling like they were filling with water.
Jarron cupped Ellie’s face and stared into her eyes. “Ellie, look at me. Look at me. Come on, look at me.” Jarron released calming energy through his hand. He guided her through the phantom panic that gripped her until she found her own peace again.
“Oh my god. Jarron. We have to go. We have to go now!” Ellie felt pain all over her body and her head felt like it was about to explode.
He looked confused, but concerned. “What happened? What’s wrong?”
“It’s Caleb… and Josh. They’re in trouble. We have to help. We have to go.” Ellie was in a panic. She couldn’t ignore the overwhelming feeling that came over her. It clutched at her heart and made the blood drain from her face. She quickly pulled on her clothes, surprised that Jarron was dressed, and already on his cell phone in full command.
“Markus. Meet me in Haven’s garage. Get the van ready. We’ll be there in five minutes.”
Jarron and Ellie ran quickly to the house and down to Haven’s Level 3, where The Order kept a fleet of vehicles. Markus was loading a black van, its side door open, exposing the bags that he had carefully arranged on the van’s floor. 
Jarron motioned for Ellie to take a seat in the back, his eyes not letting hers go for a long time. She sat in the back, clutching her chest. Her heart was tightening with pain, making it race, assaulting her with too many emotions. She closed her eyes, filtering for the only voices she wanted to hear… Caleb’s or Josh’s.
“What’s goin’ on?” Markus asked. “I thought I was grounded.” 
“You were. Not anymore.”
Markus smiled, his brown eyes brightening, with excitement. He had healed from his injuries quickly, thanks to Jarron, and had been going crazy being off-line. “Where to?” he asked.
Jarron turned to look back at Ellie, his expression unreadable. “Ellie, where are we going?” 
“SOMA District. Hurry. Please.” Ellie was a nervous mess; her stomach was turning and twisting as they barreled past the bridge and through the streets of San Francisco. “Slow down.” She pointed toward a city block that looked cloaked in black ink. She gasped at the sight, her voice shaky as she confirmed the location. “There. Caleb and the others… they’re there.”
She was pointing in the direction of the storage units and Markus veered quickly, causing the tires to squeal, tossing her against the side of the van. She braced herself, her nails digging into the thick vinyl seat as the van turned sharply. She looked down at her feet and prayed that she doesn’t fall on top of a duffel, full of daggers or other blades. 
Markus spotted the SUV and parked near it. He eyed the damaged hood and windshield, his demeanor immediately going cold. Ellie watched as they scrambled out. Both men were unreadable, their bodies coiled and triggered for action. The van door slid open, Jarron and Markus pulling the canvas bags toward them. 
Jarron reached for one of the bags and started pulling out a variety of pistols. He lined them on the floor and chose his favorite ones. He slipped his chosen firearms into their holsters in practiced order -- one to the side of each thigh, one under a shoulder harness, and the last at the small of his back. He donned a thick leather harness over his shoulder, tightened the buckle over this chest, and slipped a gleaming broadsword behind him. Ellie looked him over; knowing that underneath the long black sleeves of his shirt hid a pair of streamlined, blades that would retract from their sheaths with a flick of his wrists.
He looked into Ellie’s eyes, his heterochromic ones momentarily revealing his concern before dissolving into the cold stare of a battle ready Guardian. He handed Ellie a pistol and unlocked the safety. “I’ll throw a shield around the van. It’ll suppress your presence and make it difficult for the demons to detect you. Stay here.” 
The men ran toward the storage buildings, immediately feeling the energetic barrier enclosing the perimeter of the units. It was weakened and unstable, and Jarron could detect his brethren’s energy signatures disrupting the cohesion of the barrier, but it was still strong and needed a concentration of their energy to push through. 
Jarron recognized the dark presence. It was the same feeling coming off of the beast at the club. He threw a shield of light around Markus, an added protection that would help delay the demon’s attack. “Keep your blocks up. All of them.”
“It’s hella dark in here,” Markus’ eyes swept back and forth. 
Jarron remained quiet and scanned his surroundings. He felt evil presence everywhere. “Stay close,” he directed. 
Markus nodded and signaled for Jarron to stop. He squatted down, spread his hand on the ground, and felt for vibrations traveling through the dirt. He stood, and cocked his head in the direction they needed to go.
They lurked in the shadows until they were close enough to hear gunshots, a chorus of pops riddling the air with the smell of gunpowder. 
Markus pulled a shotgun from behind his back. The sound of the slide clicking into place was a small measure of reassurance, a small amount of defense against what Jarron knew they were about to face. “If you can, aim for the mouth or eye sockets. There’s a weak spot inside. It’s the only place that’s vulnerable on the beast.” 
They advanced to the middle of the aisle, exposing themselves to the struggle before them. They saw Caleb and Ryder trying to fend off a shadow beast. Its attacks were lighting fast, its movement blurred and barely traceable with a naked eye -- seeming to start at one end and end up in another in the blink of an eye. The beast was similar to the one Jarron fought at the club, but this one was faster, more calculating, more precise, more deadly.
Down the aisle, Nicolas and Josh were also trapped, surrounded by water demons and getting thrashed from all sides. Nicolas was hit and ambled back, giving himself some distance from the water demons. He recovered and called upon the forces of wind and air to aid him. He gathered gusts and squalls to him, pulling and twisting at the invisible strength of the life-sustaining element of air to him, charging it with his own, until it felt ready to tear down what lay in his path.
Nicolas blasted the demons with the power of a cyclone strong enough to tear down the storage unit down the alley. The demons dispersed from their forms, shrieking as they fell into massive pools of water… they were delayed, but not destroyed.
Nicolas and Josh were temporarily free and started running to Caleb and Ryder. The puddles of water rippled and slithered, snaking their way together to reform into humanoid forms. They stopped. The eight forms stood side by side, forming a wall of water. One by one, coils of liquid stretched out of their foes, reaching for them, wrapping around their necks and ankles, and dragging them on the ground. 
“Shit.” Jarron cursed under his breath. He hadn’t detected the eight water demons. He looked at Markus. 
Markus’ energy was twitchy. “It’s those fuckers from the pier,” he bit out. 
He placed a hand on his shoulder, holding him back. “We need to split up.”
“I know.” Markus smiled and took off running to Nicolas and Josh.
Jarron twisted and leaped into the air toward Caleb and Ryder, his broadsword drawn. His aim was to impale through the eye sockets and pierce through the weak spots that he’d detected before. 
The creature turned quickly and charged him, a spark of recognition glazing over the black eyes. It snarled, bearing its fangs, as loathing oozed from its pores. It wanted him dead.
“Get out, get out! Leave now!” Jarron yelled at Caleb and Ryder. The demon’s full attention was on him and he’d lead the beast away from his brethren. He glanced from his periphery, they weren’t listening, both were poised and ready to follow his path. 
Caleb had closed his eyes and was gathering turbulent energy into his mind. Jarron could feel his life-force pulsing as he collected more power into his oncoming attack. His eyelids snapped open, seconds before a concentric wave of destruction blew out from his mind and into the creature. 
The force of energy blasted into the units behind the creature, shredding them into gnarled pieces of metal, while the creature was only stunned by the force of the blast. The demon leered at them, gloating evident in its eyes. 
It prowled slowly, eyes glowing white and aimed at Jarron. The creature connected with his mind. Its evil clawing at his barrier, ripping it, and penetrating beyond his consciousness. He jolted at the demon’s voice inside his head. Your turn to die, warrior! 
****
Ellie sat in the van, keeping post behind the wheel as she watched for the Guardians. Her anxiety was growing by the second. She couldn’t just sit there. She had to do something. She felt that same compelling call and had to answer. She had to help. 
She shook her head as she slammed her fists against the steering wheel. She moved to the back and started searching through the duffel bags. She found her rods and the harness that Jarron had modified for her.
She slipped on the soft, black leather bustier that lay flat against her fitted tank. She ran her hand down the front, impressed at the perfect fit. The bustier-style harness secured under her breasts, pushing them up better than the fancy bra she had on underneath. She slipped the rods behind her, feeling them slide into the sheaths smoothly. The stiff “X” the rods formed against her back felt like a rigid brace, straightening her posture. 
She slid the van door open and jumped out. Adrenaline was surging through her system, making her heart flutter wildly. She could still feel Jarron’s light surrounding her as she walked away from the security of the van. 
She looked up at the sky, her mind calling out to her grandparents. If you can hear me, please help me now. 
Ellie held onto the pistol Jarron had given her earlier as she made the approach toward the dark barrier. It was invisible, but she could feel it vibrating and sizzling as she got closer. She placed her palms against the shield, running her hands along the viscous material that was shifting under her touch. Her hand dipped into a hole and the material hissed. She’d found an entry point and forced her way through.
A stab went through her heart the moment she breached the barrier. Her friends’ struggles assaulted her as deadly as any physical attack. She doubled over, feeling all the pains and nightmares that the demons were leaching out of them, battering both their minds and their bodies. 
Her heart beat hard against her sternum. It was pushing out, its suffering increasing the closer she got to the Guardians. Blood rushed through her veins, calling for her to help. This was all she could hear; the call to action she could not ignore. It ignited her resolve and nothing else mattered. 
She heard Raijin in her mind. We’re here child. They answered her call. They’d come to help. His voice was calm, in command, and she filled with relief knowing she had the help she desperately needed. 
Raijin was instructing her, guiding her, telling her how to call forth her powers. Visions of lightning striking out of the heavens permeated her mind. She tuned in to the force of the vision, and felt the sizzle of electricity charge her. She connected with that cord of power within the depths of her soul and called for the power to rise. 
She looked down on her hands. Her fingers were spreading apart as shards of horizontal lightning traveled from her palms to the tips of her fingers. She felt the warmth of it, without the burn. She was reminded of a Jacob’s Ladder as the shards of lightning left her fingertips with a crack.
Her fingers were curling, coming together in the center to bring the electrified shards of light together to form a sphere in each hand. She looked down at her palms, amazement widening her eyes. She was holding lightning in her hands. She and the lightning were one, each one feeding the other for strength, each one connected to the other in mind and spirit. 
The spheres began to hover above her palms. She tightened her curled fingers around them, attempting to keep them contained. The spheres sizzled and hissed from the imprisonment. Release! She heard in her mind. She became an observer to her own actions, watching her arms wind-up one at a time to sling the balls of lightning at the water demons. 
They traveled fast, torpedoing toward their target like a beacon with charged bolts extending out of the spheres, seeking out the water demons. The bolts pierced the demons through the chests, the shards multiplying instantly inside the liquid vessel, until the demons were reduced to vapors. The air burned and continued to sizzle and pop, the electrified heat preventing the demons from gathering and reshaping.
Josh and Nicolas whipped their heads in her direction, surprise written all over their faces. Ellie didn’t move as she felt more power surfacing inside of her. It was begging to be called forth, to make itself finally known to her, another ally at her disposal. She invoked the continued guidance of her grandparents. Thea answered the call. 
Ellie could hear Thea’s chanting in her mind. She concentrated on the rhythmic sound, loving the melodic wave that danced through her and swirled her energy. She felt herself slipping into a trance, giving into the beautiful lilt that was carrying her into another place. She was separated, yet still connected to her body. She repeated the ancient song word for word in perfect unison with Thea, her voice becoming louder, stronger, imbued with more energy and power. 
She pushed out her arms, her palms turned to the sky as a blue-white flame appeared. Heat and brilliance radiated from the mesmerizing fire and expanded quickly. The flame grew in strength as it sucked the air from its surroundings. It was feeding, growing, and seeking more. 
The power of the flame did not pull from her essence like the lightning did. It felt sentient and separate from her. She was merely a vessel and did not direct its power. It was directing her, and it wanted to consume and annihilate… for its hunger to be quenched, and its purpose to be fulfilled before it rests within her again. 
It directed her toward the beast.
Heat enveloped her heart and she felt her face go blank and a solitary thought crossed her mind. Vanquish. She had but one purpose -- to unleash the punishment she kept contained within her hands. She would do everything to fulfill her objective. She stalked toward the shadow beast and the flame flew from Ellie’s palm, a white blur that struck the beast’s dark hide. 
It burrowed and melted through flesh, a hungry white leach on the blackest, thickest hide of armor that proved useless against the living flame’s attack. The beast screeched in agony, stumbling and rolling around in a pointless exercise to extinguish the unyielding flame that was eating its flesh. 
She watched as the flame grew rapidly, burning bright and heating the air as it encased the beast and devoured it of all its life-force. 
The blue-white flame swayed, seeming to relish its feeding before it reduced to a flicker. Its bidding was done. She called it back and the spark jumped to her index finger, dissolving into her skin and fading back into her essence. 
****
She stood by the van and looked at the stillness the night had taken on. She could not ignore the destruction that the demons had caused to the area and to the Guardians. 
Jarron was coming, his face strained with the effort of supporting Caleb and another guardian under his arms. The other men were barely walking, their heads dipped down, swaying side to side as Jarron heaved them forward, supporting most of their weight as he pulled them toward her. Behind Jarron, Markus was helping Josh and another man. This was Caleb’s team. 
She swallowed as the gravity of her new reality settled within her mind.
She ran to Jarron and helped him with Caleb and the other man. “Careful. His ribs are broken.” Jarron cautioned as she took Caleb’s weight onto her shoulders. 
Jarron slid open the van door and spoke to the big blond guardian. “This will help a little,” he uttered while his hand glowed against the injured guardian’s ribcage. The man groaned softly as light infused into him and he started breathing evenly. “Are you able to climb in?” 
The warrior nodded, making his long hair stick to the open cuts on his face. “Thank you,” he groaned as he climbed inside the van, sitting himself against the side panel.
Jarron scooted toward Caleb and lifted him inside. “Hang in there.” He palmed Caleb’s side and the same radiant light glowed within his palm. He pushed the healing light inside his friend and watched his breathing intently. It was slowing and evening out, and Jarron looked a little relieved. 
Ellie watched Jarron check Caleb carefully and thought that he looked more broken than the first man. 
Jarron confirmed Ellie’s suspicion with a shake of his head and worry in his eyes. “Let’s get you guys back home.” He helped Caleb in and sat him next to Ryder. Jarron twisted on the balls on his feet and helped Markus get Josh and the other Guardian into the van. 
He pulled them in, offering up his strength and energy to ease some of their pain. He brought Josh and the other guardian -- another blond, to the back seat. He looked them over, his lips tightening with every cut and bruise he discovered. He twisted to look at Ellie. “Stay with them. Tend to the wounds that you can. There’s a first aid kit in that box.” 
It wasn’t a request. It was a command and one that she gladly obeyed as Jarron ran to the driver’s seat to take them back to the estate. Markus quickly jumped out, shutting the door behind him, and ran for Caleb’s SUV. 
She was inching toward Josh, when he mumbled, “No, take care of him.” His gaze was locked onto his leader’s injured body. 
She peeled back the torn fabric of Caleb’s shirt. It was sticking to the wound and was soaked in blood. She inspected the largest cut on his torso, her heart clenching at the sight of so much damage and the pain she knew he must’ve been feeling. 
The gashes were deep and she could see a hard white surface underneath a layer of muscle that brought tears to her eyes -- it was his rib and he was bleeding profusely. She instinctively placed her palm on his forehead. He was clammy and hot, an infection was already starting.
She could feel a charge coming into her hands. The swoon she felt from the white fire was gone. This time she felt grounded and flowing at the same time. Her body was cooling and she could feel the drift of gentle waves springing from her heart and into her arms. She looked down at her palms and asked for help once more. Heal them, her grandparents urged, but they didn’t say how. 
Her palms began to feel moist as fine mist began forming within the cup of her hands. She inspected the small cloud. Healing waters. It was a knowing that came over her, as sure as the beating of her heart. She felt guided. From whom or what, she didn’t know, but it had been a night of both horror and miracles, and she had to trust that this was one of the miracles she’d opened up to. 
The small clouds began to descend from her hands, floating closer to the open gashes, waiting for her next move. Her hands were trembling with doubt and worry creeping in. She didn’t want to cause Caleb any more harm, but she knew she had to help. His struggle was increasing by the moment. She squeezed around the perimeter of the cloud, feeling a ring of energy resist and rebound against her fingers. The invisible ring pushed against the cloud, coaxing droplets of water to wring out and into the wound. 
The open gashes were mouths waiting for a healing drink. The water absorbed quickly into the wound, making them bubble and foam around the edges. Ellie’s eyes grew wide as she witnessed the blood slowing and the edges coming together. She dipped her head in relief. 
Caleb was still in pain. She could feel erratic energy coming off of him, especially around his head. He was fighting for control, but losing his grip. She placed her hands on either side of his temple, willing the healing mist to absorb into his crown. She leaned down and whispered into his ear, “I hear you.” 
Caleb’s lids fluttered open, his long dark lashes fanning his cheeks for a second. He held her gaze. “My team…?”
“We have them. Get some rest.”

Back to top


Chapter Ten
Friday, December 21st

The Infirmary’s staff, four beautiful women that seemed to have stepped out of a painting, waited patiently. Their light blue dresses swayed around their ankles from a light breeze blowing in from the open garage bay. They rushed to the injured men and, with an elegant flourish of a hand, quickly transferred them onto gurneys. Ellie watched them in awe, respect and wonder filling her as each Guardian was immediately whisked away to disappear into a long corridor. 
Markus excused himself with a deep bow to both Jarron and Ellie, and followed the rest of the Guardians back to the Infirmary.
“We have to speak with Isabel,” Jarron stated. 
****
Isabel sat at her desk in the library, her hands steepled up to her lips, her eyes staring in the distance. She had been wrought with fear and concern when she’d been informed about Jarron and Ellie taking off with Markus.
Jarron had been adamant that Ellie was not ready. What happened? Ellie may have only known Isabel a short time, but she had been keeping watch over Ellie her entire life. She cared about her and felt protective of her as her own. She’d watched her grow into a beautiful, capable young woman and it broke her heart to have watched her suffer through her mother’s death; and Jarron… Jarron was her son. What risks would he take to ensure Ellie’s safety? Isabel observed the interactions between the two and knew, as a mother would know, that they both deeply cared for each other. 
Too many people she loved had been slain by demons, had lost their lives in service to keep their oath. Isabel was feeling her years and she was growing weary. She did not know how much more hurt her heart and her spirit could take. She may have been High Mother of their Order, but each Guardian led their own battles, made his or her own decisions to best meet a goal. If they chose to fight, she must honor that decision. 
The Watchers kept some distance from battle, but they were being targeted now, like Jarron’s family and so many others. They took on significant risks by choosing to help and by answering the call. None of the Anakim, her people, were truly safe.
How could she maintain the covenant they’ve been sworn to… to watch in silence and to protect in secret? When hada secret ever been resilient to the burden it brought with it? Eventually, all those sworn to it would crumble under its encumbrances. With so many lost, so many good people gone, she felt the blood of her kin on her hands. And the battles were only going to get worse.
Isabel was jogged out of her thoughts from a rap on the door. “Come in,” she called out.
Jarron opened the door for Ellie and led her to the couch. Isabel was filled with relief to see both seemingly unharmed. Isabel sat next to Ellie and took her hands in hers. “Elysa, what happened?”
Ellie looked at Jarron, who was standing by the fireplace. Isabel knew that he would offer an explanation, but it was Ellie that she was looking to for answers.
“I found my powers,” Ellie said weakly.
“That is wonderful news!” she replied in relief.
Ellie looked troubled and wouldn’t make eye contact with her. “Elysa. Please, what happened?” She was faltering, her eyes kept on the floor. Her words barely audible, “I killed… tonight.” 
“Oh, dear child,” Isabel said softly, understanding Ellie’s struggle. “Our calling is not an easy one. We must, somehow, find a way to leave our humanity behind to do what must be done.” Isabel paused and looked into her eyes. “But we must also cherish and feel these pains and honor them… or risk losing the very same humanity that we must tuck away in times of battle. It is this pain that makes you a force of light, Elysa. It is this hurt that protects you and keeps you from becoming like the very things that we fight.”
The young woman was struggling. “Isabel, the demons tonight… Some were made of water. My abilities… Anya said that I was water strong.”
“Dearest Elysa, do not be afraid. You are nothing like those demons. We all have elemental ties. It is a part of our being. In Anakim, in the demons, in the Sisters, in Others, and in gifted humans, these natural elements appear as abilities, as powers, as magick. But for whatever it is called, it is an inherent part of our make-up -- all of us. It is within our very DNA, much like the color of our eyes. These gifts, these abilities, are neither good nor bad. They simply are. But it is how you choose to use these gifts that will determine the nature that your gifts will take on.”
Ellie’s forehead creased. “What do you mean?”
“All of us are susceptible to darkness. We are not perfect, but we try to live the best life we can.” Isabel stood up and walked to the fireplace. “We have been given incredible abilities. Powers. Powers that can be harnessed for creation or destruction. It would be easy for any one of us to succumb to the influences of darkness and use our gifts for dark purposes. Sometimes the choices that are set upon us seem benign, but there is always a chain of events that takes place with each choice. When these choices start getting stacked on the side of darkness, your abilities will transmute toward darkness, as well.” Isabel walked over to Ellie and sat down beside her again. “Choose well and follow your heart, Elysa. When in doubt, follow your heart, for it is good. Believe it. Trust it.” Isabel leaned in to hug Ellie and cupped her face. “I am sorry that this has been placed upon you, Elysa. But, for whatever it is worth, we are all in your gratitude.”
Isabel looked at Jarron. “Take her. She needs rest.”
****
Jarron escorted Ellie back to her room, but she stopped him before they reached the grand staircase leading to the second floor of the mansion. “I don’t want to be alone,” Ellie said quietly. She was shivering.
“I can take you to my cabin after I check on Caleb and the others.” 
“I’d like to go with you. I need to see them. See how they are.” 
So much had happened tonight -- it didn’t feel real. Maybe she’d been asleep and was caught in a brilliant dream she couldn’t wake from. They headed down to the Infirmary, her thoughts jumbled and swimming with so many questions.
They were turning toward the hallway leading to the rooms when a loud explosion reverberated down the hallway, shaking the solid walls of Infirmary. They both broke into a run toward the unexpected disturbance and found themselves in Caleb’s room.
The large observation window to his room cracked with an ear splitting pop as they ran in; the glass splintering into a web before they reached his bed. The television was hanging off its hinges, and the monitors’ circuitry was fried. Every alarm with sound and light had been activated and more personnel were rushing to the commotion. 
“What happened here?” Jarron asked.
The old doctor was clearly rattled. “We have him sedated…” The doctor’s voice shook as he ducked while another monitor exploded behind him. “…but the drugs are only incapacitating his body. His mind is still active.” He spread out his arms to emphasize the obvious. “He’s blowing everything up!” 
“Where are the Healers? Get them here, quickly!” Jarron instantly reverted to commander mode. 
Ellie stood watching Caleb from the foot of his bed. She was being pulled to him. She could feel his call pull at her mind, connecting their consciousness together. He was trapped and couldn’t get out. She walked to the head of his bed and placed her fingers on his temples. She leaned down and whispered in his ear, “Please, let me help you.” 
Ellie felt a wave of energy leave her body -- pulling out her essence. 
She looked around, but she was no longer in the Infirmary. She was in an emptiness, a void where there was nothing to be seen, heard, or felt. She took a step forward and the space spun around her. She was the axis that the void spun from. The spinning slowed down to reveal one single door at the end of a long dark path… a door that was leaking light from around its frame. She took a step toward the familiar object, displaced in an unfamiliar place, and was sped to its threshold.
The door was pulsing outward. Its solid façade looked viscous as its surface bowed toward her, reaching for her with the shape of a hand forming out, pushing from the other side. 
Her heart jumped to her throat, making her feel every racing beat as fear crept up her spine. She backed away, feeling the ground slipping from under her, keeping her from distancing herself from the door. Her eyes swept past the door, she was no longer in the vast emptiness. No other path could be taken. The only direction was through the throbbing door.
She was hesitating, not wanting to release whatever was trapped inside. The hand pushed out with more force, stretching the door to its limits, thinning the only barrier to its freedom. She thought she heard a voice… a voice that felt familiar, though she could not make it out clearly. The call pulled at her, letting her set aside her fear. 
She opened the door, prepared to fight for her life, when she was taken aback to find herself in a stone prison. Her heart started pounding. She knew this cell. She had seen it in her dream many times. She knew the smell and the dank feeling that surrounded her. Her eyes were welling up as she turned toward the direction she knew her mother would be, but there was nobody there. The cell was empty. 
Outside the cell, she heard screams and cries of pain. Oh god, her mother; her mother was here. She felt alarm, laced with the cold dread that always gripped her in her waking moments course through her veins. She was fueled with the need to find her and save her. 
The cave was full of stalagmites dripping rivulets of water in small individual pools on the cave floor. There was no smooth surface to traverse over. She heard screams echoing through the caverns. She could see prison bars blocking other caverns, their occupants hidden from sight. Her mother was in one of the cells. But so many voices were calling out, begging for mercy, that she couldn’t distinguish her mother’s voice. 
She headed for a dim light escaping one of the prison cells. That had to be her mother’s. She began inching her way forward, taking careful, measured steps over large pools of water that were scattered on the cave floor. The pools began to ripple and the cave began to shake, creating gaping fissures in the ground.
The ground caved in all around her. She couldn’t crawl away fast enough to escape the rapidly moving crack that reached her and pulled her into a crevasse. 
Darkness sped past her. She was falling for what seemed like hundreds of feet before she hit the ground, the back of her head hitting with a dull thump. Her brain sloshed around from impact, making her dizzy. She groaned, feeling a large goose egg forming on her head as she struggled to sit up. She felt every bone and every muscle protest her attempts to move. 
She turned her head slowly, looking around at her new surroundings. She was in a foreign field. It was a moonless night and a desolate field stretched out all around her. Along one horizon, the field gently sloped up a hill, where a small house sat by itself. There were no lights on in the house, but she could make out a thin ribbon of smoke coming from the flume of a stone chimney.
Frustration nipped at her. She was no longer in the cave. She’d been so close, her mother… She’d felt her mother’s presence in the cave and, just like her dream, she couldn’t get to her before she was ripped away. 
She knew the drill. The obvious target was where she had to go. She walked toward the house, which was shimmering in and out of her vision. She questioned if she was hallucinating from hitting her head, but kept on. She reached the small house and cautiously entered. 
Caleb was sitting in the middle of the empty cabin. He’d been stripped of his clothing. The same wounds she had healed just earlier were gaping open, bleeding, drenching his trunk in red-black blood. He was gagged and wore a heavy iron collar around his neck. He was bound to an iron chair, his wrists cuffed to the arm of the chair and his ankles to the chair’s legs. His head was bent forward, limp and lifeless. 
“Oh, god.” She ran to him, her heart tearing at the obvious torture he’d endured. 
A black figure appeared behind him, female and curvaceous. A demoness made up of shadow, its features as mysterious and beautiful as the night. 
The demoness stretched her fingers over Caleb’s sagging head and yanked it back with force, exposing his neck; his skin was raw around the collar and seeping blood down his chest. The creature ran her talons down his face, cutting his flesh open. She bent over him and lifted her head to stare with veiled eyes in her direction. 
The creature sauntered to the front of the chair and sat on Caleb’s lap, grinding herself on his manhood as she cackled like a maniac. The creature swung her legs to the side and hooked an arm around his neck and leaned back, like a bride being carried over the threshold.
She sat up and bent her face down toward Caleb’s chest. She turned, making sure Ellie was still watching, and made a show of lapping up the blood oozing out of his wounds. Caleb began to convulse and breathe erratically.
“Mmmm.” The creature stared at Ellie. “He tastessss good. Would you like a lick?” The demoness crawled off his lap and walked provocatively around the chair, trailing her talons around his upper body. Deep cuts opened and bled following the demoness’ trailing claw. 
Ellie’s head was pounding with the boiling of her blood. The walls that she had built over the years to temper her anger had been blown apart tonight. Anger was now an emotion she needed to honor and use to squash her fears. It was no longer something she had to hide. 
She held the creature’s stare, her expression going blank.
The creature stopped behind Caleb and ran her talons slowly down his arms, causing more lacerations. “Mmmm. Do you want him, Elyssssa?” The creature suckled on the fresh wounds. “Are you jealoussss?” The creature cackled in hysteria as she jumped up and over him, landing in a straddled position on his lap. The demon spun to face Ellie, her dark head thrown back as she gyrated her hips over his manhood. “Do you wish it wassss you riding him now?” 
Ellie clenched her fists, attempting to remain still and not charge at the demon. “Get off him!” she demanded. 
“Nooo. I like it here. You should try it, Elyssssa. You might like it.” The creature spun around on Caleb and bent over his chest again. She cringed at the sound of flesh tearing. She turned slowly, a large chunk of flesh dangling from her mouth. She locked onto Ellie’s angered stare. She shook her head wildly, rattling the chunk of flesh against her face. She spat it out and cackled in glee. “You look like one of my favorite toys, Elysssa.” The beast cocked her head to the side and studied her. “Alassss, my toy is wassssted and ussssed up. Let me take you, Elyssssa. Give me your body. You’ll feel power and pleassssure like you’ve never imagined.”
“You’re sick!” 
The demoness sneered in contempt at her. “Your lossss.” She turned around deliberately, her hips pushed down on his center. She spread out her arms and stretched out her hands and watched her fingernails grow into talons. She threw her head back and cackled, sending a cold dread over Ellie. The talons were mutating into needles, long, thick, clear needles dripping with some yellowed liquid.
She drew her arms in quickly and with ferocity, buried her needle-like talons deep into Caleb’s side. She bounced on his lap repeatedly, grunting and moaning with pleasure while she stabbed into his ribs --a crazed female bent on gratification and murder. 
Caleb’s head rolled back as gurgled moans escaped his throat. 
Ellie leapt in the air, caught the demon’s head in between her legs, and flipped her to the ground. The demoness threw her off with a hiss. Ellie flipped back, her heavy boot catching the demon underneath the chin. The demon flew back from the impact, but quickly got up and charged her, the demon’s deadly hands aimed to separate the guardian’s head from her shoulders. 
Ellie deflected and landed a kick on the demon's chest, sending the she-demon skidding on her back across the stone floor. Ellie chased after her as she reached for her rods. She had them secured in her hands when she quickly leapt on top of the demon and drove the rods through the demon’s hands and into the floor, trapping her. 
The beast howled in pain, her body thrashing in agony. She stepped over the demon’s legs, her hands poised around the rods. “You will not hurt my friends again!” Ellie growled out as she tightened her grip around the rods and sent lightning coursing down the shaft and into the beast. 
She poured more of her energy into the lightning, charging it with more power, blocking out the blood-curdling screams from the beast convulsing viciously in between her feet. The demoness’ seizures intensified before the thrashing slowed and a lifeless, burned heap was all that was left on the dirty stone floor.
Ellie was breathing hard, her energy spent to sustain the lighting’s power against the demon. She felt her shoulders sag with fatigue before she slipped her rods into her harness. The metal cooled fast and seemed to be charging her as it pressed against her spine and straightened her posture. 
She turned to see Caleb’s chains falling off, the heavy metal clanking as it hit the floor. Ellie ran to him as he hunched over. She caught him and eased him to the floor. 
Her hands were trembling, the charge of her lightning still coursing through her system. She fisted her hands and slowed down her breathing, willing herself to find the sway of the calming waves she’d felt earlier. The peace that flowed through her brought the healing waters she desperately needed. 
She felt a damp cloud forming in her hands as she hovered her palms over his gashes. “Heal,” she whispered, as she pushed the fine droplets of moisture into the lacerations. Caleb convulsed. It wasn’t working. The wounds were festering, oozing, and draining him of life. 
“Oh, god.” Her tears fell as she held on to his tremoring body. “Caleb! Caleb!” she cried out.
He started to calm and his eyes fluttered, his lids trying to open. He was reaching for her face. 
Ellie looked around; trying to find something she could fashion to put Caleb on. She would drag him out of there if it was the only way. She would get him out. The house was completely empty, except for the iron chair that held him captive. 
She started to rise when Caleb’s body began to waver and flicker. “No, no, no!” What was happening? “Caleb!” 
Caleb was gone and she was alone in the house. 
She looked around and the walls of the house began to fade to nothing. She ran outside and screamed for Caleb. She scrambled to look everywhere, even as the entire horizon began to spin furiously around her. 
She was jerked back. All the planes she had seen blurred past her and all the emotions she had experienced in each place shredded through her being, she re-lived each moment with gut wrenching intensity. She felt her soul cut up as she was ripped through the vortex of time-space.
When it finally stopped, she was back in the Infirmary, collapsed and losing consciousness on the floor.


Back to top



Chapter Eleven
Saturday, December 22nd

The morning sun filtered softly through the window with the sing song calls of woodland birds. She woke gently, enjoying the warmth and comfort of the bed. She stretched and felt Jarron’s strong frame next to hers. She snuggled next to him, loving his intoxicating scent. 
She sat up slowly, trying to recall what happened last night. She couldn’t remember much of what happened after… “Oh, my god! Caleb! He’s hurt!” Her jaw clenched and her whole body stiffened. She’d watched Caleb get tortured. She was trying to help him when he disappeared. She searched everywhere and couldn’t find him. As soon as she left the stone house, it had also disappeared and she was hurled back through some kind of a vortex. 
She’d failed. She sagged onto Jarron’s chest. His arm wrapped around her and the other stroked her hair. She felt his voice rumble into her ear, soft and still hoarse from just waking up, “Caleb is alright. He’s still in the Infirmary, but he’s stable. I’m not sure what you did, but you saved him. I’m forever in your debt.”
She lifted her head and stared at his still sleepy eyes. She shook his chest gently, wanting to hear the news again. “He’s okay?” 
He kissed the top of her head and chuckled. “Yes, I promise you.” 
She couldn’t believe what she was hearing. Last night still felt like a bad dream full of monsters -- the kind of dream she used to have as a small child. She laid her head back on his firm chest, remaining quiet, and listened to the steady beating of heart. 
She traced the scars on his chest; four gashes -- pale, thickened lines on his tanned skin. They were clearly where a demon’s claws had raked against his flesh. It was an imperfection to an otherwise smooth and flawless chest. She pressed a kiss right above the top gash, right where his heart beat the loudest. She lightly fingered the scar, knowing that if that line had been any higher, the demon would have ripped out his heart. 
She sat up and found him looking at her. The feelings she felt for this man could not be measured. How could she love someone she barely knew? She could tell herself it was lust, merely physical, but she knew better. She would give him her heart if he wanted it. 
She felt like she could sleep for days, but knew that was not going to be an option. Caleb and his whole team were down, as was half of Jarron’s team. She was asked to be a Guardian because The Order needed help. She’d never turned her back on anyone that needed her assistance, especially not people she cared about. 
“I should get back to Isabel’s,” she said sleepily. “I need to take a shower.
He sat up. “I have a shower here.” He tipped up her chin and kissed her. “You don’t have to go.” 
He swung his legs over the side of the bed and got out. She let her gaze linger on his broad shoulders, his muscles flexing as he stretched out his arms in a hearty yawn. His skin was supple, perfectly tanned, and showed off every muscle. His broad back tapered to a narrow waist that was punctuated by a perfectly molded behind.
He grabbed a pair of grey pajama bottoms sitting at the foot of the bed. He stood up and slipped them on, not bothering to secure the ties at the waist. He turned to face her and the loose pants dropped low on his hips. He was reaching for a shirt on the bed when she spied the golden line of hair that led to his magnificence. She was unable to peel her eyes off of the light material tenting so near her. 
He caught her looking and dazzled her with that smile that made the blue and green gems of his eyes brighten with fire. “I’ll be right back,” he whispered in her ear. He lingered his lips on her lobe and lightly nuzzled his face into her hair. “You relax. I’ll make breakfast.” He walked away, leaving her all tingly. 
She felt heat rising in her cheeks and her lips pulling into a smile. She couldn’t help it. Her body took on a mind of its own around him. He woke so many emotions in her that left her all aflutter. She’d never felt this with anyone before. It felt right to be with him, even if everything else in her world was completely confusing and unreal.
She sighed contently and scooted out of bed to find the shower. Jarron’s bedroom was huge and his bathroom was no less impressive. 
She walked into the open-style shower and turned on the water. She stepped back and, one by one, the five shower heads came to life -- four on one wall and one large one up above. She smiled, marveling at the shower’s design. The floors were tiled in a light-colored natural stone perfect for a cabin. She sat on a small wooden bench next to the shower wall and peeled off her dirty clothes. She looked at the patches of dirt on her arms and felt the nest that had become her hair. She would need hours of scrubbing and untangling. 
The water heated quickly and she was soon surrounded in thick clouds of steam. The floor surface looked smooth, but had enough grit under her feet to keep her from slipping. The shower felt like a grotto as she stepped in and felt the gradual sloping of the floor forming into a basin. 
The sleek, chrome panel on the shower wall caught her attention. It listed two columns of different settings for the shower. “Hmm.” Ellie read the options with a grin. “This could be fun.” She chose “massage” and the water sputtered momentarily as it adjusted to change its force to deliver the setting she ordered. She turned, enjoying the heavy drumming of the water against her back. She closed her eyes, thinking the shower heads sounded like a sweeping sprinkler sputtering out a heavy staccato of water. She let the water do the work on her sore back, letting the pounding jets hit those areas that she couldn’t reach to unravel a knot in her muscles. The rushing streams against her back felt so good and she could’ve stayed there all day.
She turned to face the shower wall again, peeking with one eye to change the setting back to “rainfall” and waited for the soft cascades of water to pour gently over her. It felt luxurious and relaxing as she leaned her head down, enjoying the fall of water over her curves. 
****
He’d been thinking about last night, wanting to enjoy the brightness Ellie had brought back into his life, but also feeling the trepidation of the shifting energies he was feeling. More battles were coming and he needed to focus on his duties. He couldn’t afford distractions, not now. The demons that had been coming had been stronger, more powerful, and more deadly. In a matter of days, two teams were almost wiped out, yet the same demon managed to come back unscathed. Demons were immortal and although the physical form can be killed, they had no true way of killing a demon’s soul, only temporarily banishing it. Demons had the capabilities of returning back to this plane and they do, but once vanquished, it normally took a long time for them to re-enter. That hadn’t been the case recently.
He’d come back into the room for his cell phone, wanting to call Sirius to ask about his investigations, when he noticed the bathroom door open. He was reaching to pull it closed when he caught sight of her perfectly silhouetted curves within the clouds of steam. He could see the rounded swells of her breasts and the graceful dip of her hips. He hesitated for a moment, wanting to respect her privacy, give her time to unwind, relax, and wash away last night’s trials, but his manhood was stirring, searching her out, making him forget everything else as he watched her bend over to lather her long sexy legs.
He felt pulled to her, her energy drawing him in, beckoning his to radiate and swirl into a dance with hers; fire and water, heat and ice, yin and yang. Did she know how she affected him? She caught him staring and she blushed -- the rosy hue making her more alluring. He prowled to her, his gaze holding her as he untied his pajama bottoms and let them slip to the floor. He could feel her energy spark and wrap around him, her own growing desires melding with his, intensifying his needs to be one with her. He stepped inside the shower basin behind her, pulling her against him. He pressed into her, wanting her to know what she did to him. She sighed a quiet release that softened her against his body.
The sun’s rays pierced through an overhead window, catching the beads of water on her skin, making them glisten like liquid jewels trickling over her curves. She looked beautiful surrounded in the steam, a water goddess glowing bright under the morning sun. The scent of jasmine permeated through the open windows of the bathroom. He’d forgotten that a large bush was thriving right beneath the window. He’d never noticed the fragrant scent in the morning hours; he smiled remembering their night in the forest, maybe it was simply his memory. 
He kissed the top of her shoulders and trailed his lips to the curve of her neck. He slid his fingertip down her spine, following a trickle of water down to the sway of her back. She tensed lightly and twisted around to look at him with eyes that drowned him in her lure. He bent down, capturing her mouth in his, the softness of her lips disarming him. Her body felt supple next to his, every curve fitting him perfectly. She reached for him, her fingers light against the roughness of his unshaven face. He reached around her, gripping her full breasts, loving their firmness and perfect fit in his hands. 
He smiled, unable to hold back the smirk that hooked his lip. “Good morning,” he groaned into her ear. She giggled as he teased her nipples into hard peaks. His hands were glowing, his light coming through and radiating with the same sexual energy he felt surging through his body. He trailed his hand down her front and to her center, working his finger into her core, expertly stoking her fire. His light was expanding, pulsing into her, making her insides throb around him. 
She grabbed his other hand from her breast, and teased the tip of his index finger with her mouth and tongue. He moaned, liking the feel of her tongue against his skin. It roused his nerve endings, shooting lust-filled twinges straight to his groin. 
He bent her forward, feeling the slick honey around his fingers. He wanted to feel that around his shaft, lubricating him as he pistoned in and out of her tight tunnel. He tickled her swollen bud as he slid into her from behind. She groaned in pleasure, sexy and demanding, as she wiggled her bottom into him, deepening his entry. She slapped her hand on the tile wall as he drove into her, giving her what she wanted. He pulled out and thrust into her, undulating, rotating, changing his angle, finding those spots that got her shaking, panting, dripping wet, and calling out his name. He pushed deeper, grinding further, feeling her clamp tight around him, her slick cavern deliciously constricting his shaft. He threw his head back, his eyes wanting to roll into the back of his head as her body took his to feverish heights of pleasure. 
He pushed more energy into her core, unable to contain the sexual force that was near climax. Her whole body tightened as he hammered into her, his pace making her scream out. She caught her breath and dug her nails into the wall. He rode her and she met his every thrust with her own. He was blind with pleasure. He was a pressure cooker of stoppered sexual energy and he was ready to erupt. “Aaaah!” he gritted out as he pumped faster, her wanton claim of his body demanding that he go faster and faster. He exploded into the abyss of her body and his vision darkened as her insides vibrated and shook around him; her slick tunnel choking every bit of dew from him. 
She let out a pleasured sigh and wrapped her arms around his. He felt dizzy from the release as he pulled out of her. She was turning in his arms to face him, her body trembling despite the warmth of the shower. She captured his mouth, kissing him hungrily, reigniting his vigor to claim her again.
****
She was still feeling tingly and elated from her morning with Jarron. She couldn’t help but smile as they walked back to the estate to see Caleb. She felt light and free, and finally right in her own skin.
The Infirmary was quiet with only the rhythmic beeping of the monitors echoing in the hallway. They were walking to Caleb’s room when her anxiety started fluttering. Jarron grabbed her hand and squeezed lightly as if sensing her tension.
One of the Healers was exiting his room and she’d greeted them with a friendly smile as they passed. That eased her some, but nothing like seeing Caleb sitting up in bed. 
She was flooded with joy and relief at the bright eyes that met hers. She’d never felt happier to see anyone. She rushed to his side, giving him a hug, wanting to confirm for herself that he was truly well. 
Caleb reciprocated, squeezing her tight. He pulled back to look at her. His eyes looked tired, but the gleaming behind his pools of blue was vibrant with life; his smile was wide with renewed dynamism. “Thank you, my lady! I am forever in your grace.” He hugged her again, his strong arms squeezing her tight. She let out a squeak from the embrace and felt Caleb’s hearty laughter vibrate through her before he let her loose. 
“I told you he was better.” Jarron chortled.
“Come here, my friend. Give me a hug!” Caleb boomed. 
The men embraced and laughed, and she witnessed the depth of their friendship and the unspoken words of relief washing over the longtime friends.
Anya came bounding into Caleb’s room, interrupting the reunion between the friends. She beamed her big red smile at everyone and looked to Ellie. “Ellie, can you come with me?”
“Sure, of course.” Before she could say her good-byes, Anya tugged on her, urging her to leave in a hurry. She’d started down the hallway and toward the lab, turning around once to make sure that she was right behind her, “Anya, wait up.”
Anya stood waiting at the lab’s arched entryway, “I heard about what you did for Caleb and the others. You were very brave.” Anya’s sweet sincere smile suddenly took on a guilty quality. “So… tell me. You and Jarron…?” 
Ellie began to immediately blush as thoughts about Jarron in the woods and in the shower excited her senses. She cleared her throat. “Um, what do you mean?” She couldn’t look at Anya.
“Silly goose. You know what I mean. You’re as red as my boots.” Anya laughed, a belly laugh that echoed along the walls sounding like tiny bells chiming.
Her face was getting warmer with Anya’s giggles. “Can we talk about something else?” Ellie’s blush was not fading. 
“Party pooper. It’s just…” Anya stopped to accentuate the dramatic pause. “Jarron is so magnificent!” The smile that spread on her face would have rivaled that of the Cheshire Cat’s. Ellie choked on her spit and coughed uncontrollably. Good lord! How did Anya know? “Ellie? I’ll get you some water.” Anya skipped ahead of her, but poked her head around a corner to make sure she was still coming.
Her coughing had subsided by the time she sat down at Anya’s table. She was fanning herself, feeling her face cool down when Anya greeted her arrival with a glass of water. “Here you go. Water, as promised.”
“Thank you.” Aside from Jarron, did Anya want to talk about something else, she wondered. “Anya?”
“Yes?”
“Why did you call me?”
“Because I heard about last night. I’d like to get information, if I can. Jarron is my friend. He worries about you and I want to help.” 
Ellie looked at Anya and appreciated her beauty. She was gorgeous and quirky, innocent and sagely, a paradoxical mix in every way. 
She wondered if Anya and Jarron had been more than friends. “Are you and Jarron… close?” Ellie asked.
“What does your heart tell you?” 
Ellie dipped her head, embarrassed for having thought of them in that way. “You and Jarron are friends.” 
“Do not worry, Ellie. He’s not my type.” Anya blurted out. “Last night… please, tell me,” Anya said brightly and pulled her into the study where they could sit and talk in more comfort.
She blew out a breath. “Honestly, I can’t explain what happened. It all came so fast. There are parts I can’t even remember.”
“Start with what you remember,” Anya said lightly. “You took my potion?”
“Yes. I did. Jarron took me out to the creek.”
“Aaaand?” 
“I saw my grandparents. It felt like I was with them for hours. They were telling me all sorts of things. Some I can remember but, mostly, it was like waking from a dream. I know I was with them, but I can’t pull all the memory out,” she said, frustrated.
“Your grandparents. You were with them.” Anya was nodding her head, affirming her experience. “You left your body and went into the astral plane.” She waved her arms around in a swirling motion in the air. “They are your Spirit Guides. They’ve been sent to guide you… for a time.”
“How long?” Knowing that her grandparents were with her felt reassuring and she didn’t want them to leave. 
“However long is necessary.” Anya shrugged. “What else? Anything else?”
“I do remember my grandmother telling me how I can speed up the process.”
Anya giggled. “I was hoping she would tell you! Very good, Priestess Thea!”
“You knew?”
“Of course!” Anya was laughing again. “I am an Oracle. I know many things. That is why I gave Jarron the potion.”
She felt her face get warm as the blush spread across her cheeks. She caught Anya’s delight and started giggling herself. “Wait. Did Jarron know? I mean about what the potion was really meant to do?” 
“He had no idea, but I’m sure he didn’t protest?” The devilish grin returned, “You owe me one!” Anya started laughing so hard that tears were coming out of her eyes. It was infectious and Ellie began laughing along with her.
Ellie should have been upset, but she felt no such emotion. She was feeling really good about everything. For the first time in a long time, she believed that she could be happy again.
She felt freed by the whole experience and many questions that she’d always had seemed to make more sense now. She had always felt different and that made her cautious her entire life. She chose friends and lovers very carefully and, even then, she still felt a need to keep some distance. But now, with the Anakim and The Order, there were no longer any boundaries. What was once weird now made complete sense. The pieces were falling into place for her. She had discovered another part of her being, one that had been dormant and completely unknown to her until last night.
“What am I going to do with you?”
Anya was fanning herself with her hand and breathlessly asked, “Your powers? What are they like?”
“Fire, lighting, and water… no, mist.”
Anya’s eyes grew wide with excitement. “What else? What about Caleb? What happened there?”
“Jarron and I were visiting the Infirmary. He was sedated, but was blowing everything up with his mind. I wanted to help. I knew that he was suffering. I could feel it. His pain was debilitating. I felt like my head was going to explode.” It was difficult for her to remember everything as she felt traces of the same pain coming on from last night. “I put my fingers to his temple and, all of sudden, I was gone. I was all over the place, getting bounced around, until I found Caleb.”
“Tell me more,” Anya urged.
“He was being tortured by a female demon. The demon seemed like the same kind we fought earlier, but this one was shaped like a woman. Caleb was chained and couldn’t fight back. It seemed like he’d been there a long time. His body was full of cuts, bruises. Some of his wounds were old, festering, gaping open. She was bleeding him slowly, feeding from him. There were no parts of him that were not visibly damaged.”
“What happened, Ellie?”
“I fought her.” Ellie paused, recalling the anger she’d felt toward the she-beast. The same anger was rising in her now. “I was trying to find a way to get Caleb out. He was so weak. He couldn’t even open his eyes. Then he disappeared and the next thing I know, I’m waking up with Jarron.”
Anya didn’t say anything for a moment and just stared into Ellie’s eyes. Then she smiled brightly. “Ellie, do you realize what you are capable of?”
She shook her head, hoping that Anya would explain. 
“You have the gifts of both your grandparents. Their strongest powers and some extra! Was your fire bluish-white?”
“Yes. How did you know?”
“That is Priestess Thea’s great flame. It burns hotter than any fire that can be made by man, and hotter than any fire that can be conjured by magick. It is more than fire. It lives and only Priestess Thea knew its secret -- a secret that no other has been able to figure out. That fire destroys darkness. It is imbued with powers sacred to the light.” Anya was in awe. “Tell me about the lightning. How did it show? Did it come out of the sky and you directed it? Ooh, did it come out of your fingertips, or perhaps you used a staff to wield it?”
“It was in a ball in my palm, like I was holding a storm in my hand.”
“That is sooo awesome! High Guardian Raijin could harness the power of Mother Nature’s greatest weapons -- winds, rain, thunder, and lightning.” Her voice got quiet, “Lightening was his most potent arsenal. He called these powers to come to him. You are manifesting it in your hands!”
“What about the mist? Where does that come from? Is that from my grandfather, as well? My mother? Did she have powers?” Ellie’s energy instantly shifted at the mention of her mother.
The Oracle waited a moment, slowing down and softening her excited voice, “Your mother was gifted, talented, and strong, but she didn’t have abilities like yours.” She shrugged a shoulder, “No. Her gifts were different. Your gift of mist is from your father.”
Ellie was stunned and speechless. She had never known her father. She was told that he left her mother -- a pregnant teen to fend for herself and her baby. Yeah, he must be some kind of winner, Ellie thought sarcastically to herself.
“My father?”
Anya looked at her and scrunched her face. She seemed perplexed over something, “Your father is… I don’t know…”
Her throat clenched, not wanting to ask the question, but knowing she must. “Was he a demon? Anya, is there something more I need to know?”
Anya grew serious and reached for her hand. “You must be very careful, Ellie. Your powers are extremely powerful and they are still growing, still emerging. You are only now coming into them and they… you… can be swayed into darkness. You will be a very wanted prize for either side.” 
“Anya… I…”
“Take heed, Ellie. You possess the powers of three of the four sacred elements -- fire, water, air. This is very rare and dangerous. You must be strong and learn to balance these powers or they will overwhelm you and you will be vulnerable. Call on your Spirit Guides; call on your Angels. They will help you. Protect yourself, always.”
“What is happening, Anya?”
“Time is short. They feel the end coming. Judgment comes… for all of us. Demons, the ones we fight, gather. They are moving, building to do more harm and cause more destruction before the decreed time is here. The forces of darkness have much to gain and nothing to lose. Death of a corrupted human is nothing. They gather the lost soul, add to their numbers, and add another minion in their armies. And then there are those that they can turn to fight for their purposes. These lost beings are a means to an end, tools used as weapons. Someone like you in the hands of darkness would be the equivalent of a nuclear bomb.” Anya shivered exaggeratedly at the thought. “Oy!”
Ellie’s mind was racing. Anya was warning her. She was troubled by the foretelling, but what she truly feared was bringing more danger and trouble to The Order. If she stayed, demons would come looking for her. She needed to leave -- soon. She would not let another loved one perish because of her. She would not bring danger to her new family.
“Ellie, I give you a warning not to scare you, but to prepare you. You are special and you must believe.” Anya lightly pressed her index finger to Ellie’s chest where her heart centered. “This is very good. Your spirit comes from the light. It is all here.”
“Thank you. I appreciate everything you’ve told me.”
Ellie left the study and kept to herself for a few hours. She needed to plan, think things through. She could not bear to face Jarron, Isabel… any of them. She had to leave to protect them, to keep them safe. But if she told them her reasons, they would argue against it and make her stay… and she would want to stay.
Anya told her to follow her heart. Whether it was her mind or her heart, she could not tell, only that the whisper was of a painful decision that she knew had to be done. She would leave everything behind -- her old life, and what she thought was the start of her new life with The Order.
She’d been in her room, engrossed in her laptop and did not see Jarron coming. Her door was wide open, but he knocked on the frame to get her attention. “Can I come in?”
She stood up from the table and closed her laptop. She didn’t want him to see what she’d been working on. After her conversation with Anya, she ran to her room and started researching towns where she could relocate. She couldn’t go back to her old life, not anymore, not after what she experienced. 
“I thought that maybe Anya was playing with her potions again and you were the latest guinea pig,” he joked. 
He walked to Ellie and gently tipped up her chin. He kissed her slowly, sensually, his lips molding to hers. He sent her pulse rocketing, her knees trembling. He pulled away to look into her, beyond the shallows of her physical appearance, sensing her. “You okay?” he asked, concern evident in his eyes.
“Uh huh,” she muttered.
“Is there something wrong?”
“No,” she lied and tried to mentally calm herself. She knew Jarron was picking up on her energy and she was the worst liar.
“What did you and Anya talk about?” he asked.
“She was just asking about last night. Wanted to know what happened.”
“Ellie, I can tell you’re nervous about something. If there’s something Anya said, maybe I can help.”
She was still reluctant to say anything and avoided making eye contact.
“Anya has incredible gifts, but she doesn’t censor herself. Her messages have scared the toughest Guardians.” He made her look at him. “Ellie, what you need to understand about Oracles are that their visions are snippets of time of what could happen. Nothing is exact, especially not time and not future events. Remember when Isabel was talking about choices creating a chain reaction?”
Ellie nodded.
“A chain reaction needs to be triggered. The trigger is the choice. Sometimes going through with a choice that you think will prevent a prediction is exactly what pushes that prediction into reality.”
“How could you ever know what the right choice is?”
“You don’t, not always.”
Ellie was struggling with herself. After hearing Anya’s words, she thought she knew exactly what she needed to do. Now, after hearing Jarron, she was confused and second-guessing what she thought was right.
Choices. She thought she knew the right choice, but if Jarron was right, her choice to leave could be the cause of The Order’s destruction. 
Ellie didn’t say anything. The happy feelings of earlier had slipped away. 
He still felt right to her. She wanted to feel his closeness and be a part of his presence. She didn’t know what to do about Anya’s warning and, in that moment, she didn’t care. 
Loving him was the only choice she wanted to make. 
****
Sirius hadn’t been assigned to field work in a long time. He was a Guardian, but he preferred his station in the Control Room and serving as the remote eyes for his brethren, providing them intel, and doing all the paper-pushing grunt work that none of the other Guardians liked to do.
He kept up his fighting skills, and the others were more than willing to spar with him and knock him around. Fighting, without fighting… a technique he had to learn to keep in control. It was part of the practice he’d maintained to keep his emotions in check, primarily his temper. To get thrown down repeatedly and not bust a fuse was a skill that took him a long time to master, but master it he had. He kept up because he knew he had to. Ultimately, his primary mission was to protect and if he got called out to join in battle, he would go without hesitation.
He always joked around that he was a lover and didn’t have the stomach for fighting, but in reality, he enjoyed it, too much, and that was the problem. In battle, the rush was so intense that he found himself wanting more. He felt like an addict looking for his next fix. The anger that consumed him during a fight would rage and demand to be fed to the point he no longer felt in control. He felt obsessed with it and the only relief was to kill more demons.
Killing demons might not seem like a bad thing, but The Order did not kill mindlessly. The Guardians were protectors, not savages. Blood was not shed needlessly and blood was certainly not spilled to fill a craving. 
He felt like he was becoming a demon himself, seeking violence and death over life. What if he didn’t stop killing? 
His spirit could not let him continue with the destructive path and an internal war began. He started to get sick -- unexplained illnesses would cripple him and he became a prisoner of his body. Spirit did what he physically could not. He was descending into darkness, but Spirit stopped him cold.
When he came out of his illness, it was as if his world had shifted and he knew, without a doubt, that he had to make a choice or risk falling into darkness forever.
That was when he tapped into his other skills and beefed up The Order’s tech. It was needed and he found purpose in it. He may not have been in the trenches, but he was providing much needed information that could save his brethren’s life.
He found a new calling, his Spirit found a way out. He confided in Isabel about the internal demons that he was fighting and the need to leave his team. She supported his decision and made his transition as easy as possible. The others didn’t know the true reasons behind the change. They respected Isabel’s decision to move him to the Control Room and it was left at that, but his move had left Kash’s team one short for a long time. His spot has not been replaced and, deep down, he longed to go back, but that was a choice he would not make. 
And now, something big was coming. The Elders and the Oracles had been warning about the demons amassing. There was no way that he would leave The Order in a lurch. Every Guardian would be needed for this battle and he would be ready, but he would wait until he was called.
The intel coming in about the disappearances and then the mysterious guy from the surveillance video got him spooked. Something was going down. He could feel it in every cell of his body. 
He’d been scouting around San Francisco’s districts and met up with the Watchers he’d listed in his initial work up. It was nice to get out and see some action, even if it was just taking statements from witnesses. He took a break, going over his notes from the Watchers he spoke with.
They all reported the appearance of the black cloud and feeling a disturbance within the vicinity. The energy shifts were occurring the same time as the clouds’ appearances. It was heavy and foreboding. Each Watcher had prepared for the appearance of a demon, but none came. Then, shortly thereafter, the black cloud started to dissipate.
All the Watchers he interviewed thought their abilities were slipping, that they had been off or had been oversensitive and were having a bad day.
He’d passed around the picture of the dark-haired man caught on surveillance. Not a single one of the Watchers could identify him or even recall seeing him. He found that extremely odd. Nothing got past them. Watchers were highly skilled and trained in observation. 
Sirius returned to the estate later that evening with more questions than answers. Feeling deflated, he went back to Control to relieve Josh, who had been released from the Infirmary, but was still grounded from field duties.
Josh greeted him with a smile. “Hey. Find out anything?” he asked.
“Nothing.” Sirius blew out a frustrated sigh and plopped down in a seat next to him. “It’s like this dude wasn’t even there. How is that possible? The Watchers felt the energy shift from the cloud, but nothing on this guy?” He pulled the mystery guy’s picture out of his pocket and threw it down on the desk.
“What’s next?” The young Guardian wasn’t looking at him, his attention was riveted on a military action video game. 
He looked at Josh for a long time before answering. “I don’t know my friend. Maybe get one of the Sisters to help me out. I need more than tech on this.”
“Anya is probably your best bet, if you can keep her focused.”
He snickered, already anticipating what it would be like to work with Anya. “Well, having Anya with me would make it more interesting. How’s it been around here?”
“So far so good,” Josh reported as he banged away at the keyboard to evade an attack on his avatar.
“You mind taking a few more hours? This is really bugging me. If Anya can go now, I want to go out again.”
“Nah. Go ahead.”
“Watch the screens!” Sirius scolded as he headed out the door.
“I am,” Josh muttered, ready to start another round of his favorite online game.
****
Anya was like an excited child who’d just heard she was going to the amusement park. Sirius wondered if she even knew what sadness or lethargy were. Her exuberance never seemed to wane. The lively Oracle was always on and he wondered if she had an off switch. 
“Ooh! Field trip! I can’t wait!” Anya squealed in delight.
“Whoa. Anya, I want you to be prepared. We’re gonna be snooping around. Who knows what we’re going to run into,” he warned.
Anya shrugged off the warning and looked at him, serious in her tone. “Guardian, do you have your weapons?” 
“Yeah.”
“Will you protect me from any type of darkness that comes our way?” 
“Yes.” Why was she asking?
“Then… I’m prepared to go with you!” she stated cheerfully. “Let’s go!”
****
He drove back to the City’s Financial District -- the corporate hub of San Francisco and what gave the city its unmistakable skyline along the bay. 
He parked in a central location, wanting easy access by foot toward all the areas he wanted Anya to read. He looked at the map he’d been carrying around all day. He had every mark on that map memorized and didn’t need to open it, to clearly see the locations in his mind. He’d checked out where the Watchers reported seeing the black cloud and the dead calls. He cross-referenced those with locations of where the eight had collapsed. Everything was within the perimeter of the Financial District, The Embarcadero, and the SOMA District. 
Three areas were within the Financial District and he could take Anya there now. He looked out his window and toward the Transamerica building, the great white pyramid within the golden city and the seeming pivot point for all the events he’d traced. Pyramids are conduits for power, an amplifier that can strengthen energies, and a modern-day version of an ancient generator was sitting smack dab in the middle of the city. 
“Anya, let’s head for the pyramid.” 
They walked briskly toward the renowned corporate building. The tallest and most recognizable skyscraper in San Francisco loomed ahead, its reach into the sky more awe-inspiring the closer they got. He remembered coming here as a kid with his family when they first moved to San Francisco. “I have to see this great pyramid,” his Dadu would prattle on during dinner. Every night, his grandfather would ask about the great pyramid, until his father finally agreed to take the family on a tour of the building. 
He hoped that being in the epicenter of the activity would trigger some kind of sixth sense reaction from Anya. His search for clues was dead in its tracks and he needed her help to revive it. 
He motioned for Anya to stand in front of the main entrance of the Transamerica building. “Can you detect any kind of abnormality from here?” He scooted her over, repositioned and moved her around. He chuckled softly, remembering how he did the same thing to the rabbit ears on his Dadu’s TV set. He missed his grandfather. 
Anya was patient with him and didn’t protest. She waited until he was satisfied with where she stood and closed her eyes. She turned slowly, moving in a circle, and craning her neck at certain angles when detecting stimuli he could not. 
“Are you getting anything?” he whispered, not wanting to break her concentration.
Her small nose crinkled. “Shhhh,” she hissed, resuming her scanning. 
She completed her circle, opened her eyes, and looked up toward the sky. She was studying the sky intently, a crease forming on her forehead as her gaze rapidly darted back and forth. “There,” she pointed, “there,” she pointed, “and there,” she pointed a third time. 
“What?” He looked up, trying to see what she had pointed to.
“There are tears in the fabric of time and space. The tears have been closed, but the edges are jagged, leaving gaps in between where the veils don’t meet. The dimensions are bleeding into each other. Not good.” Anya looked at him, her big eyes somber. 
“Can we close those tears?” he asked.
“How did you know to come here?” She held his gaze. 
“I had a hunch.” He showed her his map.
She studied it closely, her brows creasing deeply with concern. “There are eight areas you’ve circled on this map. Several are over the water.”
“Yeah. This is where I’ve tracked all the dead calls and the disappearances.” 
Anya started to dig through her bag, furiously searching through what seemed like a bottomless monstrosity. She pulled out a fat marker, took the cap off with her mouth, and started marking the map. When she finished, she handed it back to Sirius. She pointed to it excitedly. “Eight-pointed star.”
“I don’t follow.” He shook his head, not understanding what the Oracle was trying to say.
“This is bad. Very bad. We need to go.” Anya pulled on him, but he wouldn’t budge from where he stood.
“Anya. Explain.” 
“The eight-pointed star could mean many things. Depends on who you talk to and what they believe. Just like anything else, the perceiver is who gives meaning whether something is good or bad.”
“So this star is bad?” he asked.
“Not necessarily, but it can be.” She sighed out a troubled breath. “Depends on who made it and what kind of energy and intent was poured into its creation. Even the purest of things can be tainted if enough darkness is drenched upon it.” 
The depth of Anya’s words was sinking in. He could feel his jaw twitching, his gut tightening. “If the star was created from darkness, what would happen?”
Anya was grim, her words heavy. “Chaos, destruction, death…”
He led Anya back to their car. The field trip was over and he needed to get back to Control. Now, more than ever, he had to identify the mystery man. He could be the key to this ticking time bomb they’d just found.


Back to top



Chapter Twelve
Sunday, December 23rd

Ellie was in her room, researching remote locations on her laptop, when her mind began to wander. She didn’t know whether she was going to leave or stay but, nonetheless, she wanted to be prepared. If she left, she wanted to find a place far away from the city where she could start a new life, find a job, and sustain some kind of living. She really didn’t care where she ended up, as long as she didn’t put the people she loved in harm’s way. Maybe it was time to dedicate her life to the sea, exploring the mysteries that had been captivating her imagination. 
She closed her laptop, feeling discouraged and undecided. She walked to the window, wanting some kind of divine guidance as she looked toward the heavens. She sighed heavily. It seems like I hear everyone talking in my head. Why can’t I hear You? 
Her eyes darted to the farthest horizon. It was grey and the air felt thick with moisture, a sure sign of rains to come. She shivered from a sudden chill just as a flock of geese flew by, honking at the heavy clouds to move out of their way. 
So much had happened in the last few weeks that blurred all the moments together. Was it really almost Christmas? It didn’t feel like it. Christmas had been her favorite time of year when her mom was still around. They would have had their bags packed by now for their annual vacation, a different place every year that they would explore during the holidays when most places were slow and almost absent of tourists. After her mom disappeared, her destination became her lab where she could work undisturbed while everyone was away with their families. 
She wondered how Gina was doing. Was she going to visit her aunts this year? Ellie felt a rush of guilt. She’d been so self-absorbed; she’d completely forgotten to check in on her. She wondered if Gina would understand the events that had turned Ellie’s life inside out. She wanted to confide in her, to have the last connection to her old life say, “It’s okay. You’re not crazy.” Ellie chuckled to herself, thinking about Gina and how she missed her laughter, that loud, unmistakable raucous sound that got the other professors shaking their heads in reproach, but filled Ellie with joy.
She found Isabel and asked to borrow a car for the day to go into the city -- to have a day of normalcy, to visit Gina, to see her apartment and, maybe to help clear her head. Isabel encouraged her need for a sojourn; however, she wouldn’t let her go alone. She warned that all Guardians were on high alert and that there was too much activity going on for her to go off alone. 
Jarron had been sent out on an assignment and was not available, but Isabel suggested that Caleb keep her company. He was not one to sit idle and being grounded by the Healers had been wearing on his last nerve. Isabel was certain that the change in environment would be good for him.
Ellie bounded happily back to her room and called Gina right away.
“I’ve missed you! Where are you? Why haven’t you called?! Have you forgotten about me?!” Gina’s excited voice brought an instant smile to her face. She loved this about her and expected no less. She had to wait for the lecture to end before she could tell her that she was coming to visit and that she couldn’t wait to see her. 
Ellie and Caleb drove to her apartment. She hadn’t realized how much she missed being home until she saw the towering complex standing proudly at the end of her street. The flaps of the emerald green awning ruffled lightly in the breeze. How many times had she stood under that covering to get away from the rains? The little things that came back to her surprised her, but it was a welcome feeling that filled her with gratitude.
They crossed the warmly decorated lobby to the shimmering brass doors of the elevators. “This is a nice place,” Caleb commented, as he looked around. The elevator rose smoothly to the top floor, a pleasant, but robotic, female voice announcing ‘Floor 10’, as the doors slid open.
Ellie ran to Gina, who was waiting impatiently outside her apartment door. They shrieked in excitement, hugging each other tightly, as they bounced back inside the apartment.
Caleb caught up. “Uh-hmm,” he interrupted. 
“Oh, my god. Caleb. I’m so sorry. Caleb this is Gina. Gina, Caleb.” Ellie beamed as she made the introductions.
Caleb bowed down to take Gina’s hand in his. He kissed the top of her knuckle softly, as he locked on to her gaze. “The pleasure is all mine, lovely Gina.” 
Ellie stifled a snort at the sight of her friend’s jaw dropping open. The auburn-haired goddess was spellbound. The glazed look in her eyes was a total giveaway of the complete enchantment that had possessed her. Ellie jokingly poked her ribs to jar her out of her trance.
“Ow,” she faked, trying not to giggle. She couldn’t take her eyes off of Caleb.
He raised slowly, his eyes never once letting go of Gina’s. He smiled, making his eyes brighten and his whole presence light up. He was locked, loaded, and ready to fire all that charm. He had found his target, and her name was Gina. 
Ellie chuckled as she studied her friends. They would make a breathtaking couple, she thought as her stomach growled loudly, breaking the silence. “Come on. Let’s go for some lunch.” She was hungry and couldn’t wait to get caught up with Gina.
She watched Gina’s ivory cheeks turn pink under the flutter of her lashes as she broke from Caleb’s gaze. “Uh, yeah.” Reluctantly, she turned away, her voice croaking slightly, “I’ve been dying to check out this new little café down the street. It always smells so good in there.”
Gina loved food as much as Ellie and if there was anything that could get her thoughts away from a boy, it would be amorous thoughts about her other great love -- food.
“That sounds great. Lead the way. Are we walking?” Ellie asked.
“Yep. It’s just a couple of blocks from here.”
Gina grabbed for her jacket hanging next to the door. Caleb’s hand met hers in a light caress as they both reached for the jacket at the same time. He took down the red pea coat and held it open for her. Gina smiled, the pink in her cheeks returning. Caleb pulled the jacket over her shoulders and let his hands run down her arms before stepping back to open the door for them. 
They rode the elevator in silence, listening to the automated voice counting down each floor. Ellie could feel the nervous tension coming off of Gina. Her normally confident friend was even fidgeting with her hair to fill the awkward silence all the way down to the first floor. 
Gina pulled her arm, as she sped them away from Caleb. “So who is he?” she asked, conspiratorially.
“He’s a friend. Isabel didn’t want me coming into the city alone.” 
“What have you been up to? You need a bodyguard now?” 
Ellie considered telling her the truth, but decided against it. “He’s a good friend and a great guy. You should get to know him.” She smiled encouragingly at her friend.
Gina stole a glance over her shoulder to catch a glimpse of the raven-haired male casually walking behind them. “Hmm. Well, I wouldn’t mind him guarding my body anytime,” Gina whispered, laughing at her own joke. She groaned, biting down on her bottom lip. “Oh, my god. Have you seen him? He’s uh… uh…” She looked at Ellie cross-eyed, donning a goofy smile. “Uh… I can’t even think right now.” 
Ellie laughed. “You turn your head anymore, it’ll snap off!” 
Gina looked back again, unable to resist his allure. He was walking behind them, getting nearer. Ellie felt Gina’s emotions surge excitedly. 
Ellie looked at Caleb, who just smiled and shrugged casually at her. What?! He asked, innocently, through their psychic connection.
She’s going cross-eyed. Stop it! She was trying not to laugh.
His laughter boomed in her mind, a hearty laugh that completely infected her energy. She was glad he came along. He’s had a hard time being confined. Isabel was absolutely right about him needing a break, too.
Ellie laughed and pulled on her googly-eyed friend to keep walking. She was starving and couldn’t wait to get to the café. She tried to invite Caleb to walk with them, but he declined, playfully saying that he enjoyed his view from behind way too much.
They arrived at the little Mediterranean café and were greeted by a friendly man behind the counter. His ring of dark hair made his otherwise bald head look pink and shiny. He waved them over with thick, hairy arms and a big smile that made his eyes twinkle. 
The group huddled in front of the small counter, Ellie making sure that she squeezed Gina next to Caleb. She was enjoying the smells of tangy spices and grilling meats, the smoky aroma making her salivate with hunger. She ordered a meal worthy of a football team. She was feeling terrific and wanted to rejoice in the moment with food and friends. The friendly man raised his arms in praise, an exuberant smile lighting his face, as he excitedly shouted, “Opa! You will eat good, my friends!”
He escorted them to a beautifully tiled table where they settled in and were soon enjoying plates and plates of grilled kabobs, gyros, flat breads, and salads. Gina was relaxing and acting more like herself as she stuffed her flatbread with crisp vegetables and rich smoky meats sliced in thin vertical strips. Caleb was smiling, his attention completely focused on her beautiful friend.
They had been enjoying the afternoon when their Guardian senses suddenly prickled with dread. Chaos broke out. Screams overwhelmed the once quiet street as explosions erupted like a discordant medley. Ellie and Caleb exchanged knowing looks, “Get Gina back home! Stay there until I call you with an all clear!” Caleb’s transformation was instant.
“No, you’re going to need help!” Ellie snapped. She turned to Gina. “You have to go back to the apartment. It’s not safe.”
The flurry of screams intensified as it moved in their direction. Gina’s gaze whipped quickly to the large front window, joy quickly turning to concern as she watched panic and mayhem unfold outside. People were running frantically, clutching on to their valued possessions or to each other while running away. Gina jerked in fright from a thunderous crack. Ellie whipped around quickly, seeing a parked car shoot up and land on its side, engulfed in flames. 
“Gina, please! You need to leave!” Ellie pleaded.
Gina jumped up as a huge shadow was cast over their table. All three twisted to look at the front door. It was blocked by a hulking man. The man was breathing hard, his neck throbbing with large veins squirming underneath the skin. The demon looked around the café, studying each patron with glowing eyes that blazed white. It stopped when it caught sight of Gina, focusing on her, his nostrils flaring wide, his entire body clenched tight.
He pushed his way through the small restaurant, knocking down everything and everyone in his path. The patrons screamed in fear and in pain as they were thrown to the side, like dirty laundry tossed around by a kid. 
Caleb stood quickly, blocking the women from the demon’s advance. In one step, the demon was in front of him and had him locked in a crushing embrace. The demon man lifted Caleb’s feet off the floor as he tried to squeeze him into submission. 
Caleb looked at Ellie and reached into her mind. Get out now! She could see the demon’s arms tensing, the veins popping out in strain, as Caleb pushed out, resisting, trying to break free from the deadly hold.
Ellie grabbed Gina’s hand and pulled her to the back exit. They came out running, rounding the back alley in a sprint, but they weren’t safe. Four men with glowing eyes gave chase. 
“Crap!” Her heart thundered, pumping blood into every fiber of her muscles to outrun them. Adrenaline spiked her system as the demons overtook them and started to circle them like sharks. She blocked Gina from stepping toward one of the men. She wasn’t one to back down from a fight, but Gina had no idea what these men were.
She could feel tingling crawling on her skin where her rods were secured behind her back, her hands were warming, and an undercurrent of voltage was beginning to spark. The gift from a stranger had become a priceless part of her. She no longer felt that the rods were separate from her, but a part of her growing identity as an Anakim Guardian. She threw her jacket down, exposing the golden tips of her rods above her shoulders. She pulled the rods from their sheaths at the same time, the rod glided smoothly out of the leather, sending excited chills up her spine. She gripped the rods, spinning the right one in her hand, adjusting her grip on the length. She kept her left arm outstretched to continue to block Gina.
“Ellie, let me help,” Gina bit out. She could feel her friend’s anxiety rising.
“Do what I say and stay away.” Her tone was flat with no emotion, just like her face. 
She followed the demons with her eyes as they jeered at her, making a show of their ferocity. She kept calm, focused. Energies were gathering around her, strengthening her resolve. It was Raijin. Feel the lightning rising, Elysa. Collect it; direct it with your mind!
Her arms tightened, her muscles contracting with waves of electrical energy surging through them, traveling through her arms and to her palms. The air crackled around her, raising the hairs on her arms, as shards of lightning blazed through her palms and into her rods.
The air popped with a loud boom, a miniature thunder following the strike of lightning now embedded within her rods. She spun the sticks in her hands, urging the energies to build, to intensify, to move.
She was readying herself for a fight when a deep, rumbling boom came from the café. Caleb. 
The demons charged… two in front, one in back. “Gina, go! Run! Get to safety!” 
She deflected the attacks coming at her from all around. She turned to make sure Gina was running. 
A hard blow landed on her shoulder, dropping her left side. She hiked up her left arm, jamming her elbow up at the demon’s nose. She felt a crunch, followed by a growl. She ducked and twisted away from the demon’s round-hook and rammed her right rod into his chest. 
He convulsed as bolts of lightning surged into his chest cavity and he fell stiffly on the ground. As she bent down to retrieve her rod, a strong rush of air swept behind her, making her flinch forward. 
A demon flew past her and crashed into a parked car. It growled, its eyes blazing white with fury, as it pushed up from the car. Another rush of air, this one carrying a gleaming blade in its stream, sailed past her and pinned the demon to the car. Caleb! 
“Ellie, behind you!” he yelled.
“Crap!” she ducked to get out of the demon’s reach.
Caleb charged the demon behind her and spun him into his thick chest. His bulging biceps locked around the demon’s windpipe. Caleb’s other arm raised up, his fingers spread out like a claw and aimed for the demon’s chest. The air wavered in his hand, his fingers twitching as he readied to slam down the telekinetic force of energy into the creature’s chest. 
She turned at the sound of a loud pop of shattering bones and tendons. It grit at her ears, sending a wave of mild nausea through her gut. 
Ellie turned again, feeling the last demon rushing at her. She ran toward it, sprang into a flip, and landed on the demon’s shoulders -- Marco Polo-style. She clamped her thighs around the demon’s neck and shoved her charged rods into his ear canals. She felt the sharp tips of her rods pierce easily, pushing through thin flesh, grizzle, and brain matter, until they met in the middle.
She flipped off his shoulders as the demon fell flat. Her heart was racing as sweat trickled down her face. 
“Where’s Gina?” Caleb rushed to Ellie, pulling her away from the still twitching demon.
“I told her to go when the demons came at us. I lost track of her during the fight.” 
“The big one at the restaurant was gunning for her. Is there something I need to know?”
She shook her head, “No. I’ve known Gina for years. She’s crazy, but in a great way.” She was unable to think of any reasons that would make Gina a target for the demons.
“We’d better find her.”
They ran for the apartment, her legs pushing her easily up the hill toward the building. Caleb took the stairs up to the tenth floor and instructed her to take the elevator, wanting to make sure both passages were covered. The elevator ride tested her patience. It was too slow, the mechanical counting voice only adding to her nerves.
Her heart fell to her knees the moment the elevator door slid open and Caleb came bounding out of the stairwell. They both looked at the debris in the hallway, their eyes following the trail of wreckage to Ellie’s apartment door. The door had been shattered open, furniture crushed and broken. A struggle had taken place and Gina was gone.
Caleb looked at Ellie, anger darkening his normally bright turquoise eyes. “Grab something of hers.” 
****
They rushed to the car and drove off, the tires screeching as they turned out of the apartment’s parking lot. “Where are we going?” Ellie asked.
“We don’t have time to get back to the estate. We have allies here in the city. We’re going to Castro.”
They screeched to a stop in front of a small house hidden behind a tightly packed row of cypress trees. The house was barely visible except for a gap in between the greenery. It was a walkway to the front door. “Come on.” Caleb got out of the car. 
“Who lives here?”
“A friend.”
Before Caleb could press the doorbell, the door opened and a woman with hair as dark as Caleb’s smiled brightly at them. “Hello, Caleb,” the woman greeted. 
She welcomed them to enter her home. “What brings you here?”
The woman turned to Ellie and looked her over very slowly. She studied her features, a sign of recognition showing on her face. The woman gently clasped Ellie’s hand in hers. “By the gods, it can’t be…”
She looked at Caleb, waiting for an introduction. “Samantha, this is Elysa Amalfi. Elysa, Samantha Montclair, Wiccan Priestess and friend to The Order.”
“It is you!” She brightened and cupped Ellie’s cheeks in her palms. “You are exquisite. So much like…” Samantha cut her words off abruptly.
Under normal circumstances, Ellie would have started with a hundred questions to get to know her better, but they had a purpose in coming here. They needed help finding Gina.
“You both look troubled. How can I help?” Samantha asked sincerely.
“Elysa’s friend has been abducted by demons. We need to know where to find her,” Caleb said. He was in commander mode. 
“How long ago was she taken? Do we know what type of demon?” 
“She’s been gone maybe 20-30 minutes. Possessor demons. They took over several human bodies.”
“Seems like the Possessors have been very busy lately. Our Coven has been stretched to the limits, trying to help wherever we can.” Samantha started walking. “Come. I’ll scry for your friend. Did you bring something of hers?” Ellie handed Samantha, Gina’s scarf. 
She led them to the back of the house and into a room with long heavy damask curtains hanging from the windows. The black and white of the curtains stood out against the neutral tan color of the walls. An altar, adorned with the season’s fruits and flowers, stood near the door, brightening the room with vibrant reds and oranges. Behind the altar and centered on the wall was a depiction of a bird with outstretched wings and claws. It looked like a raven and caught Ellie’s attention. She ran her fingers lightly over the picture. It was stained into the wall, a very subtle treatment, yet clearly visible in a deep shade of ember. 
“The great raven protector.” Samantha looked up from her table, watching Ellie closely. “Magna corvus suscéptor.” 
She could make out symbols emblazoned on the bird, but did not recognize its meaning. Ellie looked over at Samantha, wanting to ask more about the symbols and the significance of the raven, but Samantha was busy clearing a space on the table, her lips tightening as she ground a potpourri of dried herbs and sprinkled it into a miniature pot. She measured out liquids and poured them in, one at a time. She closed her eyes, her mouth forming silent words as she swirled the liquid with a wooden spoon and dropped pieces of Gina’s scarf into the mixture. 
Her glossy black hair swung in her face as she bent down behind the table. She stood up with a grunt, placing a ball of white cotton yarn and a shard of crystal on the table. She unwound the yarn and began wrapping the crystal shard. She dipped the crystal into the pot, letting it soak within the mixture. She looked at Caleb and pointed toward a shelf on the wall. “Go to that shelf behind you and grab me a map.”
He returned with a map of the city and spread it on the table next to Samantha’s cauldron. She thanked him with a shallow bow and proceeded to mouth silent words over the map as she traced an invisible compass with her index finger -- north to south, west to east, then circled around. She paused momentarily, and pulled the crystal out of the mixture. She ran her fingers down its length, careful to remove any plant and flower cuttings that have stuck to the shard. She closed her eyes slowly and placed the shard lightly against her lips as she breathed words into it. It started to glow, a soft incandescence that also made the map shimmer as she moved the crystal down to her chest and held it lightly over her heart
She looked at them and nodded as she released the twined crystal slowly over the map. The crystal swung, the string tight from an invisible force pulling down on it. The map glimmered, highlighting the sections directly underneath the crystal’s radiance. It was a beautiful display that had Ellie captivated. 
Samantha watched intently, studying each glimmer that erupted from the map. She shook her head, muttering, “She’s not in the city.” She pointed at Caleb. “Get me that other map, the one of the state. We need to expand the search.”
Caleb handed her the map and exchanged a worried glance with Ellie. Samantha repeated her scrying ritual over the larger map, sweeping one hand over it and following with the crystal in the other hand. 
The crystal shard began to pull, swinging rapidly north and south. A location lit up with a red flecked light, different from the soft glimmering they’d witnessed just moments before. The tip dropped heavily, piercing the map over the designated location... “Baja, California.” Samantha looked at them with concern, her thoughts seeming to wander to another time.
“How could that be?” Ellie was astonished. “We were just with her. There’s no way they could have gone all the way to Baja.”
“Dear one, the laws of our reality do not apply to those who can cross dimensions,” the priestess explained. “They could have taken her all the way across the country with the same amount of effort.”
“Samantha, is there any way to further isolate her location?” Caleb asked, “The longer it takes to find her, the less chance we have of finding her alive.”
Ellie gaped. 
Samantha nodded and waved a hand toward Gina’s scarf. “Ellie, hand me her scarf.” She clutched the soft fabric in her hands, feeling for Gina’s essence and the remnants of her energy still weaved within the fabric. “Everyone leaves a piece of themselves in everything and everyone they touch.” She explained to Ellie as she closed her eyes and steadied her breathing. Soon the rhythmic melody of a chant began to escape her lips. 
Ellie’s attention snapped as she stared at Samantha. How could she know this? Ellie’s brows furrowed with apprehension. It was her mother’s chant. The one she sung in her dreams, the one that had haunted her for months. What does this mean? Her heart was clenching with every second that passed. She could feel her breathing get shallow as her anxiety rose, waiting for the woman to regain awareness. She had questions that needed answers and Samantha could be the one to help her.
Samantha came to, disoriented, pale, and out of breath. She clutched the table’s edge to steady herself. “Are you okay? Here have a seat.” Ellie ran to her side and pulled out a stool for her before she fell. 
She nodded weakly. “I didn’t expect to be thrown back.” Samantha gasped for breath and looked at her. Samantha’s pupils were enlarged, the edges pulsating before constricting back to normal size.
“Thrown back?” 
“Yes.” Samantha gripped her hands. “She is in a cave; some type of prison that is heavily guarded by demons. They expect The Order to attack.”
“Where, Samantha?” Caleb asked. 
Her hand was shaking as she reached a finger toward the map and pointed to Gina’s location. 
“That is as close as I can get you. You will need to get to those cliffs by boat to find the entrance to the cave. It’s hidden by a protective seal, but it can be broken. I’ll work on a spell and a potion. You will have it by the time you’re ready to leave.”
Samantha watched Caleb exit the room, her eyes welling with tears. “Choose wisely, Ellie. Follow your heart.” Her face darkened with sadness. “Go. The gods be with you.” 
Ellie followed Caleb out the door, unable to take her eyes away from Samantha. She stopped at the door, wishing they could speak. She had been shaken by something. She could feel the pain, anguish, and fear coming off of her. Ellie started to open her mouth, about to say something, but the priestess was looking down, her hands trembling atop the table as she mouthed something in silence.
What did she see? Ellie had wondered. 


Back to top



Chapter Thirteen
Sunday, December 23rd

The clacking of the keyboard came through loud and clear over the SUV’s Bluetooth system. Caleb was relaying information to Sirius, providing directions and commanding for an outbound team to be ready upon their arrival. A “copy that” and a “10-4” was all that was said from the other end before the line went dead. 
Ellie stared out her window. “We have to find her.” She could feel Caleb looking at her before he pushed the accelerator and the SUV tore down the street.
Jarron and Markus had been waiting, each one garbed in the black tactical uniform that Guardians wore in the field. The van had been packed, and arrangements had been made with another team to secure additional help. Isabel came and took Ellie aside. “Elysa, Samantha called and provided us with the formula for the potion, as well as the spell you will need.” She cupped her hand over Ellie’s arm lightly. “It must be you who breaks the seal.” Isabel looked behind her quickly to check on the others, her face sagging with motherly concern. She turned to Ellie again and pulled out her hand gently. “Here.” She placed a small drawstring bag and a piece of paper in Ellie’s hand. “Samantha’s potion and spell.” She took a deep breath and looked proudly at Ellie. “Come back home -- quickly.” 
Ellie hugged Isabel before getting in the van where the others had been waiting. Her mind was drifting to Gina, her mother, Samantha… 
Markus drove them to an airport where a private jet had been prepped for their arrival. Ellie gawked at the streamlined plane as they crossed the tarmac. The Order’s emblem, the sacred bearings of the cardinal directions, was stamped proudly on the hull of the plane. She found herself bowing at the sight. It was an unconscious move, but one that gave her comfort. It was an acknowledgement she felt needed to be given to the watchful presence of the Great Angels who held dominion over the sacred spaces as Isabel had taught her.
They climbed up the plane’s stairs, Ellie tightening her grip on the heavy canvas bags she carried in each hand. Her stomach was twisting as she climbed higher. She watched Caleb and Jarron disappear into the cockpit, while Markus busied himself with their inventory… eight duffel bags of artillery.
****
The San Diego Order waited for their arrival at a private air strip. Four Guardians, equal in height to her friends, stood like pillars near a single docking bay. They flanked the plane as it slowed, guiding them into the bay’s open doors.
They unloaded quickly and were transported back to the SD Order’s estate. The men exchanged plans, Ellie unable to focus on talks of schematics and terrain. She kept to herself, distracting herself with the passing scenery. 
Despite all the warm bodies in the SUV, she was getting cold. She shoved her hands in her coat pocket and played with the bag Isabel had given her. It was small and made of rough natural fiber, like burlap and she could feel small vials inside. They pinged as she rolled them against each other. 
In her other pocket, she felt the soft edges of the paper Isabel had also given her. She pulled it out, wanting to inspect it closer. It was instructions on how to use the potion as well as the spell. She ran her finger down the torn, thinned edges of the beautiful stationary, thinking about Gina. 
She blew out, frustration, anger, and guilt eating at her as she looked out her window. They had to find her. She wanted her friend safe and back in San Francisco. She shouldn’t have told her to go. She should have stayed with her, protected her, kept her out of harm’s way. Now she was gone and only god knows what was happening to her. 
Night fell quickly as both teams made their way to Baja. Jarron and Caleb were studying a map of the area, getting as familiar as they could with the terrain. It would be pitch black by the time they were in position, and the darkness would serve as both an ally to conceal their presence and an enemy, blinding their sight in unfamiliar territory.
The SD Team was positioned at the top of the cliff. Their objective was to repel down and begin scouting around the base. 
She and the others would approach by water and swim in to avoid razor-sharp rocks that made docking the boat near shore impossible. They’d each been given a point of entry along the shore line to cover more ground. This meant they would also be separated during the swim to shore and nighttime dives were risky for inexperienced divers. 
The sea at night played tricks on the mind, making one see and feel things that weren’t there, a prime breeding ground for fear and panic to take hold. She hoped the others had experience.
The boat lurched, rocking her to the side. The waters were getting choppy and the winds were picking up. A storm was rolling in. She could smell it in the air, and feel the charge of it on her skin. She zipped up her dry suit. “We’re coming, Gina. We’re coming,” she muttered to herself.
“You can stay here, if you like. You don’t need to do this. We’ll find her.” Jarron stood behind her, his warmth enveloping her.
She turned to look at him and shook her head. “I’m going.” She started walking away from him.
“You haven’t said a word since you and Caleb got back. He told me what happened.”
She couldn’t look at him, but whispered, “He didn’t tell you that it’s my fault she’s gone.”
Jarron reached for her hand, preventing her from walking away. “You did nothing wrong.”
She shook her head. The discussion was over. He didn’t know. He didn’t know that, somehow, she’d always lost people close to her. Her father ran out her, her mother was dead; her family hated her, her lovers cheated on her and, now, Gina. Who’s next? Jarron, then the entire Order?
It was just a matter of time. Anya had seen it. The demons would start targeting her. They would destroy everything and everyone she cared for. She bit back her anger. 
What if Gina being taken was just a sampling of what was to come? Ellie couldn’t protect her today. How could she protect her new-found friends, her new family? They were better off without her. Once Gina was found, Ellie would leave before any more people were hurt because of her. It was the only way.
Jarron’s com-disc buzzed to life giving her an excuse to keep walking away. The SD Team was starting their descent on the cliff. They needed to be ready to dive.
The SF Team was positioned over the railing of the boat. Jarron was counting down. She could feel him staring, but she couldn’t turn to meet his gaze. 
“3… 2… 1… see you on the beach, Guardians.” Jarron splashed in first, then Caleb, then Markus. She was the last to go in. She looked over the railing, barely able to see the small ripples of water that formed over the team. The others would swim ahead and spread out, ensuring a clear path for her from all sides. 
She blew out, readying herself for her dive, praying silently before jumping into the water. She seemed to be praying a lot, lately. She thought about the irony as her finned feet hit the water. She was pleading with a god, that she’d just about renounced a few weeks ago.
It had been a while since she’d actually swam and the water instantly recharged her, eased her fears, and gave her the courage she needed to get through the first leg of the mission. She felt the ocean giving her the resolve she needed to get through the night. The ocean amplified what she needed most at the moment. It gave her strength and hope to continue forward. 
She swam to her location, effortlessly finding the gaps in between the rocks to slip through, avoiding their jagged edges. She reached the shore too easily. She knew it and waited for an attack. They’d been warned that the demons anticipated The Orders’ raid. 
Ellie quickly pulled off her dry suit, pleased with the black, skin-tight, full body undergarment she wore underneath. It was light and warm, and perfect for creeping and keeping her hidden. She crouched down and reached for the waterproof bag she had that contained her weapons.
Her eyes darted back and forth, seeking out signs of movement. She pulled on her harness, securing it tightly around her torso. She slipped in her rods, secured a dagger to her thigh, and reached for her pistol. She felt her face go blank and her breathing started to slow. Where were the others? she wondered. 
She approached the cliff, patting down the cold, wet surface of the sheer stone wall in front of her. She ran her palms along the jagged edges, feeling for any kind of break. She stepped back, looking at the rock face in front of her; it felt solid. She pulled out a small vial topped with a nozzle. It was the potion. She started to spray, then waited for a reaction before moving a few feet and sprayed again. Suddenly, the air shimmered. She’d found it! This was the entrance. 
She looked around, trying to get her bearings. She tapped on her com-disc. “Jarron, come in.” Something was wrong. She radioed again asking for a response. “Caleb? Markus? Where are you guys?”
Complete silence. Crap! Her heart was pounding, fear was trying to creep in and surround her. 
Calm yourself, Elysa. She could hear Raijin’s voice within her mind. She felt the strength of his presence mix with her energy.
She had memorized Samantha’s spell. It would break the seal that would give them passage into the lair. She could feel the power of the words even as she recited them within her mind. She could feel its energy embed in her consciousness; the verse was now a permanent part of her memory.
Elysa, the spell. Invoke it now. Do not hesitate, Thea directed. 
She closed her eyes in concentration. In the faint recesses of her mind, she could hear the familiar chant from her dreams. 
The words were clear, though they had no meaning to her. She focused only on the melody that she heard in her mind and blocked out all else. She mimicked the chant aloud -- the melody, the tone, the undulations, and the flow. 
Her voice grew and echoed against the cliff walls. It doubled and then split -- one to recite the spell, the other to chant -- both strings of words filled with magick and great power that coursed through her body, rushing up from the base of her spine and collecting in her hands. 
The air howled, whipping around her, singing its haunting song in chorus with hers. 
She felt her arms rising, stretching out in front of her. In one smooth motion, she whipped her arms to harness the substance of the spell. Her heart raced with the bolt of adrenaline that charged through her veins. The spell was gathering, honoring the call to come to her. 
She collected it all until she could no longer contain it. She grit her teeth, feeling the power magnify in her hands. She needed more strength to control the roaring ball of energy that throbbed in her hands. With a roar and a thunderous blast that shattered the quiet of the night, the spell slammed into the cliff wall. 
She was thrown back, the exploding rocks barely missing her.
Crap! Crap! If the demons didn’t know she was there before, they knew now.
She jerked up to see the entrance cave revealed. Darkness oozed out, making the once fresh air -- thick, stale, and pungent with decay. 
With her pistol grasped in both hands, she got up and stalked to the entrance. She raised the gun from her side and aimed inside the cave, the pinpoint red light sweeping across the empty cavern entrance.
Gunfire popped somewhere in the distance. She stilled, trying to detect a location. Anxiety gripped her. She couldn’t tell where the gunfire was coming from. She yelled out, calling to the Guardians. No response. She would have to enter the cave alone.
She took out a flashlight and secured her grip around its long, heavy stem. She crooked her left elbow and brought the butt of the flashlight toward her chest. Her left hand was now the perfect platform for her gun hand, a base to steady her shots. 
She pressed herself against the cave wall. Her heart was pounding, making it hard to breathe. Her arms ached from the tension of holding the gun and flashlight steady. Beads of sweat formed on her hairline as she crept further into the cave. 
She moved toward the center, walking in a forward and backward pattern to continue to scan her surroundings. She could feel the jagged rocks poking through the thin material of her water socks as she advanced further into the wet cavern.
She reached an opening. It was a tunnel that stretched for what seemed like hundreds of feet in front of her. She proceeded slowly forward. She reached the end and caught her breath, amazed to see an enormous cavern below her. Demons walked about, their movements seeming relaxed and unhurried. She craned her neck, trying to see more of the activity below. A small group had gotten into a scuffle and the other demons moved to watch the fight. She felt a small measure of relief that they didn’t seem to be aware of the Guardians presence.
She peeked around the lip of the tunnel exit. There was no path to the right, and only a small ridge to her left. She swallowed, her nerves quickening her pulse. The ridge was just wide enough for her feet. One wrong step and it could mean disaster.
She followed the ridge’s trail visually. It extended to the upper crest of the nest and the path was perilous. She stilled, remembering her training, buying herself some time before she took the first step to traverse the small vein of rock protruding from the cave wall.
There was no other choice. She slunk to the side and pressed her head, back, and arms as flat as possible on the cave wall. She could feel every sharp-edged rock poke through her clothing. She slid inch by inch, her toes extending beyond the width of the ledge. 
Sweat trailed into her eyes, but she didn’t dare blink. Her eyes stung, the salt from her sweat irritating her strained corneas. She lowered her eyelids slowly, hoping to relieve the burning sensation, but snapped them open after watching pebbles underneath her feet roll down the deep ravine. She held her breath, feeling like the expansion of her chest would be too much for the ridge to accommodate. 
A prayer skated through her mind as she inched along. A few more steps and she would be at the end. Her left foot bumped against a rise in the ridge. She nervously lifted her foot, feeling for the height, preparing herself for the change in elevation, realizing she’d reached the landing, she quickly jumped to it, sliding back into the darkness to conceal herself. She needed time to catch her breath and collect her nerves. 
She closed her eyes and called upon Raijin and Thea. She felt their presence and their powers surrounding her. “Thank you,” she whispered. She needed to remain hidden for as long as possible. Her only chance was to hide long enough to find Gina and get her out. It wasn’t much of a plan, but it was all she had. 
A shrill scream pierced through the damp air of the cavern. She jerked her head to the left just as Gina was dragged out of a cell by the roots of her hair. Her hands were bound behind her, and her legs were scraping on the rough cave floor. She was struggling to loosen her captor’s hold, twisting and kicking in a futile attempt to get free.
Ellie turned, her foot grating the pebbles against the cave floor. The demon-man stopped, its glowing eyes darting back and forth, looking for movement. She stood in sudden stillness and held her breath. The big male demon turned, hesitant, eyes looking into the shadows again before moving. 
She charged at the demon and flipped onto its massive shoulders, forcing it down with the torque of her hips. She felt its neck snap in between her thighs, the crunch of the demon’s thick vertebrae sending a sickening vibration through her gut. 
The demon was dead before it hit the ground. 
Gina looked at her with disbelief as she knelt beside her and cut the binds from her hands. Her skin was broken and raw from the friction of the coarse rope. 
Ellie cupped Gina’s face. “Let’s go. Now!” she hissed out. Ellie could not take her the same way she came in. Her friend looked too shaky and fatigued to cross the small ledge. They had to move forward. She soon discovered that they were on a prison level. There were many cells like Gina’s, but all of them were empty with the gates completely open… except for one. It was at the end of the row from where a faint sing-song voice was coming. 
Oh, god, no! Ellie’s heart clenched and her gut twisted at the recognition of the feelings coming over her. She held onto Gina’s hand as she walked briskly to the locked cell. Her anxiety was rising with each step that took them closer to cell; she could hear the melody echoing through the cavern walls and she knew this song. She’d heard it in her sleep many times before. It wasn’t a song, but a chant. The very chant she used to break open the seal to the cave.
She rushed to the drawn bars of the cell to find a woman balled up in the furthest corner of the dark, dank hole. Her arms were capped over head as she rocked rhythmically to the sound of her weakened voice. 
Ellie grabbed the bars and reached inside, her eyes welling with tears. “Please turn around,” she pleaded. “Please… I’m here.” Her voice was shaking, tears flooding her face. “Mom…? Mommy, please. It’s Ellie. I’m here.”
The gaunt figure stopped rocking and twisted slowly, just enough for Ellie to glimpse her mother’s face. She spun away abruptly and her shoulders began to shudder. Deep sobs replaced the song. 
“Mom, please. Please, I’m here. Let’s go home.” Ellie’s desperation was rising. In her dream, her mother would vanish, leaving only the echo of anguished screams. Ellie banged on the bars. She looked around, frantically searching for a way to open the cell. There weren’t any locks and no breaks within the bars. She kicked at it and turned toward Gina. “How did they open your cell door?”
“I don’t know, but they would hold up a hand and the bars would retract. I don’t know from what.”
Ellie looked furiously around. “Where did they hold up their hands?” 
“Right in the center and midway up from the floor.”
Ellie remembered that she still had Samantha’s potion with her. She sprayed where Gina approximated the release to be. It shimmered, like the cave wall outside. She stepped back and called upon the power of the spell and the same chant her mother had been singing.
The prison bars shook, trembled, and receded into the cave floor.
Ellie handed Gina her gun. “Know how to use one of these?”
Gina nodded and took the gun as they both inched inside the prison cell. Ellie stopped a few feet from the entrance and blocked Gina from going further. “Gina wait here, please.”
“I’m not going anywhere.” Gina seemed relieved to rest for a moment.
Ellie rushed toward her mother and stopped herself at arm’s length, slowly reaching for her. Her heart was twisting, expecting her mom to vanish any second, like in her dream. “Mom, please. Turn around. I’m here.”
Grimacing, her mother turned slowly. She was no more than a skeleton covered with skin. “Elysa. It’s you.” Her voice was a hoarse whisper.
Ellie’s heart tore and bled at the sight of her mother. Tears of rage and pity came flooding out of her eyes. “Mom, hold on to me. I’m getting you out of here.”
“No, love. You can’t save me. You have to go.” Her mother’s arm shook as she tried to reach toward Ellie.
She grabbed her hands in hers as she looked into her mother’s eyes, the only part that she still recognized. “Let’s go.” 
Ellie wrapped her arm underneath her mother’s shoulder to coax her off the floor. She slowly guided her to a standing position, her mother’s emaciated frame struggling for strength. Ellie supported her weight, almost carrying her toward the exit where Gina stood guard.
Ellie’s mother stopped and looked at her with deep sadness in her eyes. “Ellie, it’s too late for me. Don’t waste your time. Go now.”
“No!” Ellie was not listening. How could she leave her? “No, we’re going.”
“Ellie, you cannot save me. It’s too late.” Her words were weak and strained to get out. She looked at Ellie, the love she felt for her daughter evident in her eyes. “I am so grateful I got to see you one more time.” She cupped Ellie’s face and tucked her hair behind her ears. “You are my world, Ellie, and I will love you forever, but you must leave now!” 
Ellie’s mother was pushing her out of the cave, urging her, begging her to go.
Strong wind whipped through the cave, lifting Ellie’s mother into the air. Her head rolled back as her body hung limp. A black shroud enveloped her in a cocoon and she crooked and contorted as her body was filled with renewed energy. 
A cackle came out of her mother’s mouth. 
“Mom!!” Ellie screamed.
“Here I am, Elyssssa.” Her mother appeared in front of her… youthful, strong, and beautiful. It was just how Ellie remembered her, but this was not her mother. Her mother’s mouth sneered at her while her hand grabbed her throat in a death grip.
Ellie could see Gina aiming for her mother. She shot the automatic pistol, unloading five shells in their direction. Ellie could see the spark of fire within the barrel as the bullets exited the chamber. One of the speeding projectiles was sure to hit her mother. She struggled against her iron grip, but couldn’t loosen her hold. 
The bullets whizzed in the thick air, soon suspending in mid-flight and falling to the ground. The tinkling sound of the shells hitting the floor chimed in the dark cell. 
“That was not very ssssmart.” The demon cocked her head toward Gina, tossing her free arm in a swatting motion. Her friend was thrown against a wall and fell like a ragdoll.
Ellie was gasping for air, choking from the pressure exerted against her throat. She held on to her mother’s arm, as tears began to streak her face. She looked at the woman, with her mother’s face leering at her.
Her mother was killing her. No, this was not her mother. It was a demon. 
She felt her body straining to get breath, to inhale life back into her lungs. The demon tightened her grip and Ellie knew it was just a matter of seconds before her death. 
She looked at the woman taking her life. The sneer on her face turned to sadness as tears fell from her eyes. The demon’s grip loosened around her neck and Ellie dropped to the floor as she heard her mother’s voice inside her head. Ellie, go. I cannot hold her for long. 
She gasped for breath, her lungs stinging with the effort. “Mom, I love you,” Ellie whispered as she struggled to get up. 
“You bitch!” the demon screamed as she regained control of the body. Ellie watched as an internal battle for her mother’s body raged in front of her. 
Her mother was fighting for control. “Ellie, go!” her mother screamed. She started to convulse and the evil sneer came back on her face. 
“No, Elyssssa. I want you to stay. I want you to ssssee how I use your mother’s body. I want you to ssssee what a whore she issss.” The demon cackled as she reached for Ellie. 
She tried to scurry away, but the demon grabbed her ankle and pulled her hard, dragging her on the rough ground. Ellie kicked her legs and landed a blow on the demon’s face. 
The demon’s face softened and her mother’s gaze returned. There’s only one way, Ellie. She could hear her mother’s voice in her mind. You have to free me.
The demon screeched in anger, rage seething over loss of control of her favorite toy. The demon’s howl rattled the cell walls. She reached down, grabbing Ellie by the collar of her shirt and threw her against a wall. She fell to the ground in a heap. 
The demon was enraged and rushed to her crumpled body, her anger feeding her vile need to cause death with the force of every gut-pounding kick she delivered. “You will not take her from me, Elyssssa! The bitch is mine!”
Ellie’s vision was spinning. She couldn’t see straight. She curled into a fetal position -- her sorry attempt at defending against the battery of kicks that was crushing her insides into a pulp. Blood pooled in her mouth, its coppery taste making her heave. 
Warmth came over her, as she felt Thea’s and Raijin’s energy beginning to course through her, keeping her alive, repairing her. 
The sound of heavy gunfire penetrated the cell, a heavy barrage of thunderous pops heading in their direction. It was intensifying and she could make out the chorus of shots being ejected from several guns. The demon stopped her assault. This was Ellie’s chance. 
She heard heavy tactical boots running in their direction. The Guardians were coming. “Go! Go! Go!” That was Jarron’s voice. They were coming. “Caleb! Take them down! Take them down!” he cried out and a rumbling force shook through the cavern, giving Ellie a chance to scamper away from the distracted demon. While the demon had her back turned, Ellie grunted with effort to push herself up to a kneeling position. She focused all her energy as she stared at her mother’s back. She had to convince herself that this was not her mother. 
The demon wailed and arched her back in pain as the internal battle began again. Ellie charged for her mother’s body but, in that moment, the demon regained control and pushed Ellie back with an invisible force. 
****
Jarron and Caleb burst into the cell, unaware of the struggle that had been playing out. Caleb immediately saw Gina’s limp body and rushed to scoop her up in his arms. “Jarron, we gotta go! That cave-in is not going to hold those demons long!” 
“Go! Get Gina out of here!” Jarron demanded. Caleb secured her in his arms. He was reluctant to leave, but soon followed the line of Guardians that called out for them. 
Jarron ran toward Ellie’s teetering frame. She was barely holding on, and on the brink of passing out. The demon cut him off. She cackled with glee, then flicked a finger at him, sending him spiraling in the air before he hit a rock jutting down from the cave ceiling. She tucked in her finger, dropping him eight feet to the ground. He landed with a heavy crack; his ribs had broken again. “Ooopssss. My finger got tired.” He could barely move. 
He watched the she-beast as she sauntered toward him. He tightened, contracting to prepare for a fight. She straddled his chest seductively, pinning his arms against his sides with extremely strong legs. He couldn’t move against her strength.
The demon pulled out the knife sheathed next to his thigh. She threw back her head and a maniacal cackle vibrated from her throat. She poised the blade’s tip on his chest and pierced him right above the heart. He gritted his teeth, biting back the pain, as the sting of his blade cut across the left side of his chest. She looked at him hungrily and yanked out the blade. She pushed down on his chest, making the blood run out of the laceration in thick red rivulets. She lapped at it, like a thirsty dog, making him scream out with pain while her tongue traveled inside the open gash.
She rose up, her face stained with his blood; her eyes blazing with murderous lust. She gripped the knife tightly in between her hands, poised to impale him straight through the heart. She squeezed her legs tighter against his chest, cracking more of his ribs as her thighs shuddered against him.
He whipped his head back in agony and caught sight of Ellie; she was struggling to stay up, her hands were trembling as she reached behind her shoulders for her rods. “Jarron!” 
Ellie was sobbing -- he had to get her out; he had to save her. His heart clenched, stopping his breath as he heard Ellie’s shrill cry, “No!” 
Panic surged through his system and he pushed against the demon, summoning all his strength to free himself from beneath the beast. His blade glimmered as it rose above him before coming down with force toward his chest.
The demon jerked on top of him, her eyes wide, in a frozen stare before she fell lifeless, sagging over his side. 
He stirred, finally free, and pushed the body off of him. He moved away and saw a gleaming rod embedded in the demon’s temple. He rammed the rod deeper into the demon’s skull, feeling the spongy brain matter penetrate the tip.
He yanked out the rod and Jarron ran to Ellie. She’d fallen to her side and refused to move. She was sobbing hysterically and unresponsive, forcing Jarron to scoop her up and escape with her in his arms. 
Caleb and Markus were anxiously waiting outside when Jarron came bursting out. “Go! Go! Let’s get out of here!” They quickly took Ellie from Jarron and latched her on to a harness. Markus tugged on the cable and Ellie was hoisted rapidly up the cliff by the SD team.
****
Ellie watched Gina regain consciousness. Her eyes flickered, trying to focus and get her bearings. She pushed herself up and was surprised to find that it was Caleb who had been her personal pillow. He smiled at her, making the corner of his eyes crinkle. He reached toward her face and tucked a stray strand of hair behind her ear, a tender moment between her friends which Ellie felt like she was intruding on. 
She pulled her knees up and laid her forehead on top of them. She hid within the only isolation she could provide herself inside the cramped van. Ellie was reeling from the events of the night. She wanted to disappear, to cry, to scream. She found her friend, but lost… no, killed, her mother. She couldn’t bear to look at anyone. She didn’t want to be with anybody. She wanted to be left in the cave, let the demons finish her off, but Jarron wouldn’t leave her.
It was taking everything out of her to keep her feelings contained. She was falling apart inside. Her morality and her conscience were getting ripped to shreds over what had happened. 
She feigned exhaustion, but sitting so close to Jarron, she knew he would be able to sense her distress. She could feel his warmth trying to surround her and comfort her, but she couldn’t accept his kindness. She blocked his energy from reaching her. She didn’t deserve him. She wanted the pain and the misery. 
She reached out to Raijin and Thea. They didn’t respond. She pleaded for a sign, but she couldn’t feel their presence. It was a presence she’d grown accustomed to, but was now missing. They knew what happened in the cave. Ellie was sure of it. The Guardians may not have understood who she had fought, but her grandparents did. The daughter they had worked so hard to protect, to give up so that her life would be spared, was taken by their own blood. The betrayal and the hatred Ellie thought her grandparents must have felt toward her…
The drive back to the SD estate felt like a million miles of desolation. She felt more alone than ever. She was tired of the roller-coaster ride her life had become. 
This mission had pushed her to her limits. She felt broken, unrepairable. 


Back to top



Chapter Fourteen
Tuesday, December 25th

After some needed rest at the San Diego estate, they were greeted by The Order’s leader, High Father Thomas, a handsome gentleman close to Isabel’s age. He stood with a straight posture that brought out his defined chest; Ellie suspected that there was still a formidable warrior behind the calm exterior. Thomas called for a meeting and they were immediately led to a central conference room within the estate’s grand mansion. 
Ellie called upon her newly learned skill to numb herself, block everything else out, and mask herself with an expressionless face. She was unable to think. She felt robotic and followed the others’ lead, nodding only when she needed to acknowledge information, remaining silent the rest of the time. She’d been avoiding everyone and keeping to herself. She was disconnected from the entire team, including Jarron. She blocked herself off completely so he could no longer sense her energy. 
They returned to San Francisco later in the day, it was Christmas, and the glowing mansion was a stark contrast to the darkness they’d experienced in Baja. The bright and cheerful atmosphere lifted everyone’s mood and spirit, except hers. She immediately excused herself, saying that she was still tired from the mission, and ran to her bedroom. 
Jarron bowed to Isabel and quickly ran after her. 
Isabel sighed and looked kindly at Markus. “Come on then, Markus. Let’s get you something to eat. Josh and the others have been anxiously awaiting your team’s return. I’m sure they’ll have a million questions for you.” Isabel smiled when Markus offered up his arm and they walked to the kitchen where Josh and the other teens were busy preparing lunch.
Josh beamed and waved as they entered the kitchen, working his way through all the traffic to clasp Markus around the shoulders. 
Markus laughed. “I thought you’d been relieved of kitchen duty, Joshie!”
Josh shrugged. “What can I say? The kids missed me too much!”
“Who you calling a kid?” Tess yelled out as she threw a rag at him. 
Josh laughed. “See what I put up with for you guys? I get abused and beaten just so I can make sure you come home to a great meal.” Josh flicked the rag over his shoulder. “Glad you’re home, brother.” Josh turned serious and gripped Markus’ forearm before heading back to the steaming pots on the stove.
From the other side of the kitchen, Caleb and Gina entered. Josh quickly ran to his unit leader and lifted him off his feet in a bear hug. He rested his head jokingly on Caleb’s chest. “Boss man! I’m so happy you’re home!” 
Caleb’s rumbling laughter roared in the kitchen as Josh lowered him. His infectious laugh quickly spread to everyone, lightening the mood and guaranteeing an enjoyable lunch. 
Gina stood back, watching and appreciating the affection between everybody. It was palpable and it felt good to be in their presence, she sighed, missing her own family, when she glimpsed movement outside the window. 
Ellie was walking across the lawn with a tall, gorgeous blond. He moved with the same assured confidence of a leader -- like Caleb. She smiled to herself, realizing that this must have been Jarron, Caleb’s friend, and one of the men responsible for her rescue.
Gina shook her head, amazed at how surreal these people seemed to be. But yet, here they were, fighting a struggle as real as the nose on her face. She knew life would never be the same again. 
Caleb stood next to her, following her gaze out the window. Gina read her friend’s body language clearly. Ellie was upset and pissed off. “Will she be alright?” Gina asked quietly.
Caleb held her fingers lightly as his gaze followed the pair into the border of the woods. “I hope so.” 
****
Ellie was infuriated. She wanted to left alone. She didn’t want to talk. She wanted to sulk. She kept her eyes focused on the ground as Jarron opened his cabin door for her. She was hesitating, not wanting to go in. She didn’t want to be here and as much as she liked being with him, now was not the time. She needed to leave him, leave The Order, and forget about this life. 
He had been right when he told her to quit. She tried to quash her emotions, but she could feel her lips trembling, her eyes welling with tears. She avoided brushing against him as she entered the cabin. She sat on the couch, unable to relax; her elbows on her thighs and her hands steepled in front of her mouth. 
She could feel tears running down her cheeks as soon as he sat across from her. She cursed herself for losing control. I can’t do this, she thought to herself. She closed her eyes, took a deep breath, and stood up, distancing herself from him. 
“Ellie…”
She walked to the door. “If you really want to talk… fine.” She knew he wouldn’t want anything to do with her after she confessed. It would make her departure easier. “I killed my mother,” Ellie said quickly, flatly. She swallowed back all the emotions that threatened to escape from just speaking the statement out loud.
He just looked at her, not moving, not flinching, not judging. 
“She was there. She was being held captive. I kept trying to get her out, but she wouldn’t go. I was begging her.” Ellie’s whole body was shaking. Reliving the tale was worse than she’d anticipated -- flashes of her gaunt face, of her mother reaching out to her, kept surfacing in her mind. 
Jarron was listening, not interrupting. Why didn’t he say something stupid so she could get angry with him? That would be easier than this. 
“Something flew into the cell and went into my mom. It took over her body. She was struggling. She was trying to give me time to get away. But I couldn’t leave her, Jarron. I couldn’t leave her there. I wanted to take her with me. I wanted to save her.” Ellie’s tears were flowing. They were unstoppable, like the guilt, pain, and shame she felt consuming her. “I heard gun shots, then you and Caleb came running in and she went after you. She was going to kill you. The demon… my mom… she was still fighting for her body. She told me to free her. I didn’t know how. I didn’t know what to do and then the demon was going to stab you… and… I…” She cursed under her breath. 
He walked to her and embraced her. She struggled against him, but he wouldn’t let go. He took her anger and her pain. She eventually gave up the fight and slumped in his arms. She let it all out, her anguish, her guilt, her regrets, her fears, and when her sobs slowed and she started to catch her breath; he looked into her eyes and whispered to her softly, “Come with me.”
Jarron took her outside and led her through the woods. The sun was shining brightly, and the normally gray skies over the Bay were a brilliant blue. Jarron started to slow down and waited for her to catch up.
“Why are we here?”
He had led her to the creek and toward the deck where she first came upon her abilities. “This is where you connected with your power and your grandparents.” 
Her energy darkened. “They’ve left me.” 
“Trust me?” 
She didn’t know what he was up to and she was too tired to argue, but the sooner this was done, the sooner she could get going. She thought he would have been disgusted by her admission but, instead, he only showed her kindness. Disgust in his eyes would have been easier to leave behind than this man who made her heart ache in all the best ways.
She allowed him to lead her to the small deck jutting over the creek. She looked around and admired the beauty and serenity that surrounded her. There were large boulders covered in moss on either side of the bank. The water flowed lazily down a slope, taking stray leaves with its current and depositing them in various spots along the sides. The sun’s rays broke through the gaps in the trees, creating shadows that danced around on the forest floor. She heard the distinct screech of a distant raven and for just a breath of a moment; her troubles didn’t feel so heavy. 
She looked at him, unsure of what she was supposed to do.
“Come here. Sit cross-legged on the deck.” He sat across from her in the same fashion. “You have a connection with this place and if you allow it, the energies here will help you reconnect.”
She still didn’t understand. 
“I understand the pain you’re going through and I know that there’s nothing I can say that will take it away, but maybe if you heard it from your family… This place will give you the security and energy you need.”
He held her gaze, his heterochromic eyes gleaming in the sun. “Close your eyes, Ellie. Feel the energies of this place meld with yours. Remember what it felt like when you first saw your grandparents.” Jarron’s voice was fading. “I’ll be here to keep you safe…”
She felt herself rising and floating, disconnecting from the tethers of her physical body. She looked around and saw the vibrancy and brilliance coming out of every living thing around her. She felt eternal energy, ebbing and flowing all around and through her. She looked down and saw Jarron laying her body down on the deck. He sat next to her and kissed her tenderly on the forehead. Her heart swelled with love for the man.
She looked around and the serene backdrop of the forest was gone. She was in a place with no beginning and no end. The reach of her vision continued beyond measure. There were no horizons and no edge of anything to be seen. She could not tell what she stood on, other than it was firm, and all around her were the flickering of thousands of lights. They reminded her of stars, but these lights were close enough to touch. 
She took a step forward and heard faint voices. She walked toward them, picking up her pace as the familiarity of them warmed her soul. 
There, sitting around a white fire, was her mother and her grandparents. They stopped talking and stood up, waiting for her. Her mother was radiant, beautiful, and healthy. Her eyes reflected the flickering fire, adding to the radiance that already filled them. Her mom ran to her, arms outstretched, craving an embrace. She drew Ellie into her, tightening her hold. “Elysa, my beautiful, amazing, daughter.”
Ellie was in disbelief. Her heart was racing. “Mom… I’m so sorry.” 
Sarah kissed her daughter on the forehead and looked lovingly into her eyes. She led her to a seat around the white fire where her grandparents waited. Thea and Raijin beheld their granddaughter with benevolence and honor, their love immeasurable and radiating in their spirit form.
“Elysa, you have nothing to be sorry for,” Thea said softly. “Your mother has returned home. You freed her.” 
Raijin bowed to Ellie, the pride in his handsome face apparent. “You’ve returned Sarah to us. Her suffering has finished, thanks to you.” 
Ellie looked at her mother, who held her hand tightly. She brought up her mother’s hand to her cheek and felt her warmth and softness. She was real. 
“Ellie, I love you. You did nothing wrong. Your heart guided you well. I’m finally free of the pain and the terror. I feel peace again. I’d forgotten what that was like.” Sarah breathed deeply. “That demon can no longer use me to hurt people. Each time she took my body, she killed my Spirit just a little more. Eventually, I would have died a painful death, lost to the light and forever wandering. There was not much left of me when you found me.”
“Mom…”
“Ellie, I don’t have much time here. I want you to know that I’m grateful to you. I’m free because of you. Seeing you again, you reminded me of what light is. Of what love is. Of what hope feels like. Seeing you and having you there gave me strength to fight. I love you. I’ll always be with you.”
Thea and Raijin bowed to Ellie, their smiles full of love, honor, and pride. “Our time as your guides is now over, dear one, but we are never far. We love you always.” Thea and Raijin extended their arms to Sarah. It was time to go. Sarah embraced Ellie tightly, even as she started to shimmer and fade into the starry expanse of the sky.
Ellie drifted slowly back to her body where she felt Mother Earth, Gaia’s grounding energy securing her. She stirred, not wanting to get up. She could still feel her mother’s embrace and didn’t want to lose the sensation. Tears welled and fell from her eyes, but these were not tears of pain, but tears of love. 
She looked at Jarron, her gratitude to him eternal. He gave her something so priceless, a gift she would never be able to repay. “Thank you,” she whispered.
He scooped her up from the deck and she wrapped her arms around his neck, nuzzling her face into his chest. She breathed in his scent and allowed herself the comfort he willingly gave her. 
He took her to his cabin and laid her gently on his bed. He bent down, kissing her softly. She held on to him, wanting the kiss to linger, as she looked at him longingly, the deep blue and green of his eyes holding so much promise. 
He deepened his kiss, running his tongue along the ridge of her lips and down the side of her neck, sending her pulse racing. He suckled on the curve of her neck and caressed her breast through her shirt, her nipples instantly puckering under his touch. 
A deep vibration traveled along her hip, tickling her center. “Ooh, what was that?” she squeaked.
“Your phone,” he mumbled against her lips as his cell phone rattled on top of the nightstand. He pulled up from her, and reached for his phone. “Control,” he groaned. 
Fire burned in his eyes, as he pulled her by the waist and caught her in another kiss that would have been the prelude to a much deeper experience. “We’ll finish this later,” he whispered against her neck, leaving her dazed and breathless in his wake. 
****
“Sorry, folks. I know it’s Christmas, but we have to debrief while the information is fresh,” Sirius stated. “Our Watcher inside the Feds got us info on the eight abductees. Apparently, all eight died shortly after their reappearances. News of the deaths is not public and the Feds are keeping it quiet. An investigation into a serial killing is taking place. There’s going to be more heat out there, boys and girls. Be extra careful.”
One of the guardians snorted at the warning.
Sirius ignored the disruption. “The black clouds are in fact, rips between dimensions. The demons were using these rips to breach into our world. The clouds are dangerous.” 
“Did you get anything from your investigations?” Jarron asked.
“Yep. Anya’s checking on some other things about these clouds and then we can provide a detailed report to everyone.” He looked at his brethren one at a time, “but not until we know for sure what we’re dealing with.”
So much has happened and it was up to Sirius to make sure all the details were accurate and reported. “Finally, the SD team called in. They went back to the cliff to assess the location. This was a first for both teams. We’ve never successfully found a nest and this one was huge. According to SD’s information, the cave entrance was blown wide open. The seals were broken and the cavern was emptied out. Many of the tunnels were blocked by cave-ins.” 
“What happened to you guys after we dove?” Ellie asked suddenly.
Jarron looked at her, his face growing serious. “We were plucked out of the water and dumped into a central cavern. While we were being held, we saw at least three types of demons gathered together -- Shadows, Waters, and Possessors. They’re working together and more were coming. We saw other captives, but we couldn’t get to them. The demons were using an internal portal system inside the cavern to jump from place to place. They were taking prisoners and pushing them through these portals.” 
“Did you get a head count?” Sirius asked.
“Hundreds,” Caleb answered. “And that’s only from the ones we saw.”
“How’d you get out?” Sirius recorded their briefings. It was the standard protocol and the only way not to miss any valuable information. He looked down and made sure the mp3 was on. 
“There was a huge explosion. It felt like an earthquake. The demons started to scatter.” Caleb paused, looked at Jarron and Markus before continuing. “There was a presence that came. It was weak, but it scared the demons. The ones that stayed to guard us ran out. We were left alone long enough to get out of our binds.”
“By the time we got to our weapons, the bastards were coming back and that’s when chaos erupted. It was war. We took a bunch of demons down, but they kept coming. It was like a freakin’ swarm,” Markus added.
Ellie looked at Sirius. “That must have been when I heard the shooting break out.” 
“What about the presence? What was it?” Sirius asked, his eyes darting between the outbound team members. 
Jarron cleared his throat. “Like Caleb said, it was weak, but there was something else there. We all detected it, but we couldn’t tell what it was. Something scared those demons, and we weren’t about to chance a meeting.” 
Sirius’ instincts prickled. There was more to this presence and he wondered if it was connected to the clouds. 
“Alright, ladies and gentlemen, is there anything else?” No one said a word. “Go back to your merriment. We are done.” Sirius clapped loudly, announcing the conclusion of the meeting. 
The mood in Control was celebratory. It might be the quiet before the storm, but the Anakim knew to appreciate the free time regardless. Each unit deserved rest and what a better time than Christmas Day.
The Anakim did not exchange gifts for Christmas, at least not those who lived within The Order. They knew and respected that each day they had was a present to be honored and cherished, and on this sacred day, the emphasis was on family, humility, love, and devotion.
Isabel gathered the entire household together. For once, all the Guardians were in the house. Every member of the estate was present for a scrumptious dinner. 
The air was buzzing with positive energy when everyone turned toward somebody coming into the kitchen. Everyone hooted and hollered as Maya wheeled in a smiling Adam. He had regained consciousness while Jarron and the team had been in San Diego, and the Healers had been watching him even more closely ever since. He’d been gaining strength and was given a clearance to attend tonight’s gathering.
Adam was instantly charged with the positive energy overflowing from his friends. Jarron hurried to him and leaned down, carefully wrapping his arms around him. Adam gripped Jarron’s upper arm and pulled him down to whisper something in his ear. “Thank you for not giving up on me. I knew you were with me every day. I could feel you. I could feel the healing.” 
Jarron bowed to Adam. “No thanks needed, my friend. You would have done the same for me.”
Jarron smiled at Maya, sensing her relief. Her energy was regaining the lightness it had before Adam’s injury. Maya mouthed Thank you to Jarron before pushing Adam’s wheelchair toward the waiting crowd, where they were quickly swallowed up in the middle of the entire household as laughs and more whoops were exchanged.
Caleb and Gina stepped away from the crowd after they welcomed Adam back. Caleb held the tips of Gina’s fingers and pulled her toward Ellie and Jarron. 
“Gina wants to say goodbye to Ellie,” Caleb said.
The friends walked out to the foyer. “Gina, I am so sorry about what happened.”
“Ellie, stop apologizing. It wasn’t your fault that those bastards took me. But I do owe you for helping find me. I don’t know what happened, but you kick ass, girl! You got all Jackie Chan on those fuckers.” 
Gina always had a way of making Ellie laugh. Even now, after something so horrendous, she still managed to get Ellie laughing. “I love you.” Ellie hugged her.
“I love you, too. Don’t get weepy on me. I’ll be around more than you know.” Gina smiled mischievously and waggled her eyebrows. 
Ellie’s excitement was rising. “Tell me!”
“Turns out that there’s a reason why I like all this chemistry shit and why nothing much gets past me.”
Ellie was waiting anxiously for Gina to get to the big news. “And…?”
“Well, apparently, I come from a long line of witches.” Gina shrugged. “Who knew, right? Anyways, my training with Anya begins soon.”
Ellie busted out laughing. She was thrilled to have Gina here and she would be a great addition to The Order. Most of all, she couldn’t wait to see Gina working with Anya. 
Ellie’s heart was light and joyful as she embraced Gina once more. “Come back soon.” 
Ellie watched Gina and Caleb walk out, as Jarron stood behind her and wrapped his arms around her. She leaned into his strength, remembering his words about choices affecting the future. She may still be a target for demons, but now she understood that the future is malleable. She was beginning to understand that as long as she decided with love and listened to her heart, she would not be led astray. 
In this moment, her heart told her she’d found her home and this was where she belonged.

###

Back to top



Author’s Note

Thank you, so much for taking the time to download this story. I know your time is precious and I am truly grateful that you decided to spend a little bit of that time with me.
This story is building as we speak. Watch out for Dark Skies: Order of the Anakim; where the story continues and darkness looms for The Order.
I'd love to hear from you. Let's connect at:
http://cecilymagnon.blogspot.com/
Facebook
Twitter
And most importantly, if you enjoyed this book, please leave an honest review. Your opinion is so very important! 


Back to top



About the Author

Cecily Magnon is from the fertile valleys of northern California, where she lives with her husband and kids, and gets inspired by the diversity, beauty, and bounty of the people and of the land around her.
A self-proclaimed nerd girl, Cecily has had a fascination with all topics outside of the norm since she was a little girl. Things of fantasy, magick, sci-fi, the supernatural, and day dreams are the juice that nourishes her imagination and infuse into her writing.
According to Cecily, there is no such thing as “ordinary” when you believe and you see that the everyday is filled with magick. 


Back to top



Books from Cecily Magnon

I am not Frazzle
(Cecily is a contributing author to this collection of short stories. All proceeds go to the Devizes Children’s Centre.)


Prelude to a Storm
(Short story Prequel to Gathering Storm)


Gathering Storm: Order of the Anakim


Dark Skies: Order of the Anakim


Back to top
