Ghost of a Chance

Emma Daniels

Copyright 2011 by Emma Daniels

Smashwords Edition
CHAPTER ONE
It had been a long time since Natalie Scott had seen the cute beachside cottage. Knowing it to be one of the few original homesteads still standing, she’d gone looking for it about five years ago. As soon as she saw it, Natalie had fallen in love with the hundred year old house, set apart from the other properties on a large secluded block of land. What amazed her most of all was that the lovely old house was now being let.
It couldn’t have come at a better time. Natalie and her younger brother, Trevor, hadn’t been getting on since their mother died two months ago, so some time apart would do them both good. The extra rent would cut a deep swathe through her meagre childcare worker’s wage, but it would only be for six months.
Owner’s gone overseas on holiday. Fully furnished three bedroom cottage with panoramic ocean views – available NOW, the advertisement had read.
Natalie knew Trevor’s moodiness and bursts of temper were due to bereavement, but she couldn’t handle his tantrums, probably because she was grieving too. 
Both siblings missed their mother terribly. The cancer that ravaged her body had already been well advanced by the time Donna went to the doctor to find out what was wrong with her. By then it had been too late for any kind of treatment other than palliative care.
Natalie had been working in western Sydney at a child care centre for emotionally and physically disadvantaged children when she heard the news that her mother was dying. Even though she loved her work there, she’d resigned to be with Donna in her final months. Because of her concern for Trevor, Natalie had stayed on in the southern New South Wales town of Ulladulla. 
She’d only recently secured employment with the Little People Day Care Centre. It was more out of good luck than good management that she’d landed the job, because a staff member had left to start a family of her own.
Now she wondered if she’d ever return to Sydney. Rick Dalton wanted her back. They had been dating for about eighteen months, but Natalie questioned the future of their relationship. He knew the reason she’d come home, but couldn’t understand why she was still there.
Sitting in her ancient Ford Festiva staring at the house wasn’t helping her get the lease to it, so she reversed the battered old car out of the driveway, and headed back into town. 
Not even the extra fifteen minutes drive to and from work each day was a deterrent. In fact it was a peasant trip along the beachfront. Few of these houses were owned by holiday makers anymore. Summer and the school holidays would soon be upon them. If Natalie rented the hundred year old house she’d be able to escape the rat-race her home town turned into every Christmas.
She stopped outside the agent’s window to glance at the advertisement again, and caught sight of her reflection in the glass. 
Jeans and T-Shirts were a must in her profession, but right now Natalie wished she owned something more professional. The agent was bound to think her a beach-bum ready to skip out on the rent dressed like this. She hadn’t even bothered with make-up, something else she never wore when dealing with a hoard of noisy, under five year olds. 
Her long, straight, chestnut brown hair was held back by an ancient scrunchie, drawing attention to the paleness of her face. The stress of the past few months had caused her to lose weight, and her hollowed cheekbones emphasized the fullness of her lips. Her recent loss still reflected in her large hazel eyes, giving them an almost haunted quality. She was tall, with long legs her faded jeans hugged a little too snugly. Luckily her plain but rather rumpled blue blouse was loose, hiding her more than ample bust-line. 
Oh well, what they see is what they get, she decided with a shake of her head. If I wait until tomorrow the cottage might be gone. 
These agents are new too, Natalie mused, as she pushed the heavy glass door open. She stepped into a large waiting area with potted plants strategically positioned around the room.
The young woman behind the reception desk glanced up at her. “Can I help you?” she asked politely. She of course was wearing make-up, a crisp white work shirt and perfectly styled bobbed blonde hair.
“Yes. I was inquiring about the advertisement in the window for the cottage to rent,” Natalie replied in her most professional voice. Used to talking to two and three year olds it came out sounding rather strained. 
“Oh yes. One moment, I’ll get Dieter for you.” She got up and disappeared down the corridor. 
A moment later she returned with a tall, middle-aged man in tow. His blond hair was liberally streaked with silver, but he was still handsome in an aloof, commanding sort of way.
“You’re interested in the cottage by the sea?” he asked in a heavily accented voice. 
“Yes I am. My name’s Natalie Scott,” she introduced herself, politely taking the hand he offered her. “Please excuse my attire. I work at a child care centre you see,” she went on, as he regarded her through steely blue eyes. He, of course, was wearing a neat white shirt and tie. 
“Dieter Messer. I’m not dealing with that particular property. My son is handling that for a friend. He should be back soon. Would you care to wait?” 
“If he isn’t too long, yes I’ll wait.” She’d wait half the night if it meant getting to live in her dream home for six glorious months. 
“Would you like a cup of tea or coffee?” he offered. “Pamela here will get it for you.” 
“Thanks, but no,” she replied, slipping into a comfortable lounge chair in the waiting area. 
A moment later he was gone, and Pamela resumed her position behind the desk to continue typing on her computer keyboard. 
Natalie started thinking about the relaxing weekends she’d have at the cottage. She visualized herself sitting on the shaded verandah with a cool drink, reading a fantasy novel and listening to her favorite artists on her iPod, or merely letting the timeless rhythm of the waves against the shore relax her frazzled nerves. She desperately craved peace and quiet. She had to have that cottage.
The sound of male voices talking in a foreign language in the hall behind Pamela’s work station drew her out of her reverie. The young receptionist, realizing the other agent had returned, left her desk to join them. Natalie hoped it was to tell Messer Junior she was here about the cottage. 
“Karl will be with you in a moment,” she informed Natalie with a polite smile. She’d obviously learnt good manners, unlike the impersonal man she worked for. 
Before Natalie had the chance to wonder if the son was going to be equally as distant, he appeared in the corridor behind Pamela’s desk. 
He was clearly a younger version of his father, with the same piercing, steely blue eyes that seemed to bore right through her. His blonde hair curled across his high forehead in thick waves. A renegade lock flopped attractively against one of his straight fair eyebrows. It made her think of Rick’s straggly brown hair that only seemed to look tidy when he had it tied back in a ponytail. This man had masses of it, and the neat style seemed to indicate he took considerable care with his appearance. Inanely she found herself wondering why he didn’t keep that stray curl in check. 
He was even taller than his father and looked positively daunting with broad shoulders and a strong muscular body his business suit did nothing to hide. 
If Natalie were to ignore the impassive expression on his face and the hard, uncompromising mouth, she’d give him eleven out of ten in the looks department. She couldn’t fault anything about his features, but the way he stood there regarding her with those ice-chip eyes of his, made her feel like an exhibit awaiting dissection under a glass lab slide.
She hated dealing with men in business suits at the best of times and his looked even more expensive than his father’s. In comparison Natalie felt like plain Jane on a bad day. She would have to rely on Sophie, her employer, to justify her suitability as a prospective tenant for the cottage. 
“Natalie Scott?” he intoned in a deep baritone, and she rose to her feet. 
She nodded, hating the way she suddenly felt so uneasy. Natalie didn’t normally feel so inadequate around anyone. Perhaps it was merely because he was so tall. Used to being able to look most men straight in the eye, it was rather disconcerting to come across one she actually had to look up to.
“Karl Messer,” he introduced himself. “And you’re interested in the old house by the sea?” His accent was nowhere near as pronounced as his father’s, but young people always seemed to adapt much quicker to their new country. Young? This man had to be in his early thirties at least, which to a twenty-five year old still seemed like a long way off. 
“Yes I am. I have a full-time job and can quite adequately afford the rent,” she replied hurriedly. 
“Why don’t we go inside to discuss this,” he said, moving aside to allow her to enter the office area. As she passed him, she had a sneaking suspicion he’d already made up his mind not to let the cottage to her, which of course only made her more determined than ever. She squared her shoulders and marched down the corridor to the open door at the end.
Natalie entered a large, airy room. A cold draft made her shiver as the blonde giant passed her and went to sit behind the massive desk under the window. It was covered in files and other assorted documents, as well as a computer, printer and scanner. 
As Natalie sat down in the seat indicated, she resisted the urge to start tidying up the clutter. It was a habit she’d grown into from constantly needing to pick up after her young charges. 
Through the window she could see the town sprawling into the distance, and its sheltered harbor with the constant coming and going of fishing trawlers. Karl Messer had obviously decided to make himself comfortable, for several famous impressionist prints adorned the walls and more potted plants stood strategically positioned around the office. 
She turned away from the pictures to watch him recline gracefully into the high-backed leather chair behind his fortress of a desk. 
At least it put a comfortable distance between them. Even being in the same room as this man was enough to put her nerves on edge. She suspected he derived great pleasure out of intimidating anyone behind in their rent.
“So, tell me why you want to lease that cottage?” he drawled. 
“I’ve always loved that cottage.” she began. 
“So you’re a local then?” he queried. 
“Yes. I worked in Sydney for a few years before returning six months ago.” 
“And you have nowhere else to live?” 
“Er… no,” she lied. 
“Why?” 
He would have to ask that, she thought irritably. “I just need a change, somewhere quiet and peaceful.” 
“It’s only a six month lease, you realize, no more, no less.” 
Natalie nodded solemnly, wondering if she tickled him whether he’d crack a smile. Somehow she doubted he even knew how. She almost smiled herself at that rather inane thought. Working with young children had given her a humorous outlook on most aspect of life. Trying to come up with interesting and enjoyable children’s games demanded it. It had only been over the past few months that she’d been having trouble maintaining a cheerful disposition every day. Cheerful obviously wasn’t a word in this man’s dictionary.
“Are you married?” the handsome, hard-faced man asked. 
Taken aback, Natalie simply gaped at him, wondering why he would possibly want to know that. “If you mean, will I be the only tenant, then no, I’m not married.” 
“I can’t let that house to a single woman living on her own,” he announced. 
“What!” she gasped. Hadn’t such attitudes gone out with the Ark? 
“It’s too isolated. If something went wrong, nobody would hear you. We do have places to let in town,” he explained. 
“If I wanted a place in town I’d stay where I am,” she blurted out, immediately regretting it. 
Karl Messer leant forward in his chair and placed his elbows on the desk, steepling long fingers together. It narrowed the distance between them alarmingly. If he was planning to unnerve her he was doing an excellent job of it. 
Pull yourself together girl. He’s only a man, for goodness sake. So what if he thinks he can act like the commander of an army battalion; you’re here to get that cottage, so be nice to the big, blonde brute. 
“So you do have somewhere to live? Why move out so far?” 
“I have my reasons.” No way was she sharing one iota of her personal life with this arrogant piece of work. 
“And what may they be?” 
“I told you before. I just need to get away for a while but still be close enough to get to work.” 
“And where’s that?” 
She told him. “I really want to rent that house, and if you’re worried about my ability to cope on my own, I do have a guard dog.” 
He raised one of his eyebrows questioningly, the one partially obscured by the blonde lock of hair. “A properly trained guard dog?” 
She found herself smiling as she imparted the following piece of information. “Of course he’s trained. He’s a German shepherd called Adolf, and he’s got an extremely loud bark and enormous fangs.” 
To her amazement Karl Messer actually smiled. At least she thought he did. For a moment the corners of his severe mouth did turn up. But his eyes remained as cool and distant as the sea. “You’re not just saying that because I’m German, are you?” 
“No, I’m deadly serious. My brother bought him back from a fishing trip up north about two years ago. I think he would appreciate a change of scenery.” Trevor of course wouldn’t. He considered Adolf his dog. Even if she couldn’t convince him to let her take Adolf she doubted Karl Messer would actually bother to check if he was guarding the property.
“I’ll have to think about it, Miss Scott. I do have other people interested in the cottage,” he finally said, after sitting there eyeing her for what felt like a good five seconds, no doubt another tactic to put her off the cottage.
“Please Mr. Messer - I need that cottage. I do have a good job. My employer will vouch for me. I’m clean. I won’t bring any dubious visitors around. I know I don’t look my best today, but in my job it isn’t worth getting all dolled up,” she gushed. God, how does one convince an impassive iceberg? 
He was smiling again, but it was a mocking one, which never reached his penetrating blue eyes. He couldn’t care less that her future happiness depended on the tranquil solitude the beach house would bring. 
“How can I convince you, Mr Messer?” she almost pleaded. 
“Oh, I think you’ve done admirably Miss Scott, but like I said, I do have other applicants to consider. Why don’t you leave me your name and number and I’ll get back to you about it later in the week.” 
“I’ll ring you,” she decided. There was no way she’d leave it up to him. He was bound to conveniently forget about her and offer the cottage to someone else. 
“As you wish.” He rose to his feet and extracted a business card from a tray on his desk which he handed to her. Natalie snatched it from his fingers. She was about to shove it into her pocket, when she came across a sticky half-eaten lollypop she’d extricated from a pair of toddlers earlier in the day. Instead she slid it into her other pocket, reminding herself to throw out the fuzz covered sweet as soon as she saw a garbage bin.
“Quite frankly you look perfectly fine to me. Those jeans do wonders for your legs,” the blonde giant said as his intense blue eyes took in her fidgeting with his card. 
She was tempted to leave the sticky lollypop as a souvenir, but instead bolted for the door. 
Admitting she was single had probably been her biggest mistake. She should have pretended she had a partner. Just mentioning Rick Dalton’s name would have been enough. They hadn’t officially ended their relationship. She could have said he was coming to join her. Now Karl Messer thought he could flirt with her, did he? 
As she left the real estate office, Natalie cursed all tall, blonde Nordic men who thought they were God’s gift to the Universe. 
CHAPTER TWO
Natalie was still seething when she arrived for work the next morning. 
The Little People Day Care Centre was run from a large single-story brick house in one of the streets running off the main thoroughfare. Its long back yard had a variety of playing equipment set up in it, and inside numerous educational games. 
Of course all the staff felt they could do with an extra pair of hands. Natalie and Debbie were the only fully qualified child care workers. They had a part-time aide by the name of Rita and another part-time admin worker called Sophie. Even though they worked well together Sophie considered herself in charge, and because she had business qualifications, Natalie decided to use her as referee for the cottage.
The front door slammed behind her as she stomped into the house.
“Not another late night with your head stuck in a fantasy saga?” she heard Debbie’s voice from one of the bedrooms. It was rare to get all the children to sleep at the same time, but there were two rooms, one with cots for the babies, and the other with sleep mats for the older children. Natalie stopped in the doorway to see her colleague making up one of the cots. 
Debbie was a short, plump woman in her late twenties. She wore her crop of wayward red curls secured on top of her head with a different brightly colored scarf every day. As a reflection of her bohemian personality, her clothes were just as vivid. The children loved them, as they loved the outgoing woman who donned them. Debbie lived in Milton, a small town several kilometres inland with her equally as eccentric husband, Lindsey. 
“No, I’ve spent half the night imagining ingenious ways getting back at a certain real estate agent,” Natalie muttered, as she began unfolding a freshly laundered sheet. 
“It didn’t go too well I take it,” Debbie concurred sympathetically. 
“I’m tempted to take Adolf into his office to introduce them to one another, and steal a line from the movie Ruthless People. Karl meet Adolf. Adolf eat Karl, or at least devour his silk tie and chew on his leg.” 
“You didn’t get the house?” she asked, smiling at Natalie’s analogy. 
“He needs to think about it and talk to some other applicants,” she said, faking his accent. “But I know he’s already made up his mind I’m not suitable. This is a casual town, for goodness sake, but I felt I was being looked down on because I wasn’t wearing high heels, a face-full of make-up, and a jacket with shoulder pads. But the fight isn’t over yet. I’m going to ring him every day until he lets me have it.”
“I’m still visualizing that great big mutt of yours eating his tie. Are you sure it was silk?” Debbie asked.
Without looking Natalie detected the smile in her voice. Her dark mood was broken and she turned to face her grinning friend. 
“I’m sure his shirt was too. I’ve never met anyone like him! They say Germans are an aggressive race but he took the cake,” she concluded. 
“It must have been one of the Messers then,” Debbie half asked, half stated. 
“Yes. You know them?” 
“Not personally. Which one did you see, father or son?” 
“Both, but it was the son who interviewed, or should I say, interrogated me?” 
“Whatever you do, don’t mention his name around Abigail,” Debbie warned, as she left the room. Natalie followed, closing the door behind her. They headed for the kitchen to drink a hurried cup of coffee before their charges started trooping in. As Debbie turned on the electric jug, Natalie spooned coffee into two mugs. 
“Care to enlighten me?” she asked, opening the refrigerator to grab a carton of milk. 
“I don’t know the full story, but you know her husband walked out on her two years ago and hasn’t been seen since,” Debbie began. 
“I knew she was living on her own.” 
Abigail was the mother of Trent, a troublesome two year old. She worked long hours at the newsagent on the main street, and was always the first to arrive and the last to pick her son up. As a result she always looked harried and distraught. Natalie was also inclined to believe she had some kind of emotional problems. Everything that went wrong in her life seemed to be a major disaster, which absolutely everybody had to know about. 
“Well, she made the monumental blunder of falling for Karl Messer, only to discover he didn’t return her feelings. In fact she’s convinced he’s incapable of any emotion whatsoever. We sat here for almost an hour one night with her crying into her tea cup over him. I’m not normally one to listen to idle gossip, but the grapevine seems to thrive on what the Messers are up to. Rumor has it that they’re both notorious womanizers. That’s what really hurt Abby, his unfaithfulness. I mean if everybody keeps telling you your boyfriend is seeing other women, wouldn’t you get just a tiny winy bit suspicious?” 
“It depends on if there’s tangible proof he’s guilty of the crime, but if other people saw him cheat on her, then she has a pretty good case,” Natalie replied thoughtfully. She’d never been one to listen to idle gossip either, but after having met the man in question, she suspected the grapevine to be reasonably accurate. He’d even started flirting with her the moment he found out she was single. For perhaps the first time in her life it seemed Abigail hadn’t exaggerated. 
“So I wouldn’t go ringing him about the cottage,” Debbie warned. “I know how much you want it, but he’s bound to interpret it as a come on.”
Natalie scoffed, almost spilling her coffee all over the bench top. “The last man on earth I’d go out with would be that one. And I am going to harass him about the cottage until he lets me have it. It’s strictly business as far as I’m concerned, and if he does interpret it the wrong way, I’ll take great pleasure in setting him straight.” 
“I wouldn’t doubt it. You do have a way with words. Just be careful. You know what Messer means in German?” 
“No - what?” 
“Knife. Those two are as sharp as knives and as sly as foxes. I’d keep well away from them, if I were you.” 
“Great analogy. Don’t worry about me. I’m completely immune to handsome men with inflated opinions of themselves.” 
She hadn’t been immune to Rick, and wondered why she hadn’t heard from him in weeks. He’d been phoning regularly, even driving down for the weekend every so often. Perhaps he too had come to the conclusion it was futile to keep their relationship going now that they lived so far apart.
Natalie decided to put Rick on the back-burner and concentrate on getting her new home.
The only quiet time of the day was mid-afternoon when they managed to get most of the children to sleep. Today all of them had gone relatively willingly so Natalie headed for the phone. She couldn’t afford a mobile. It was hard enough trying to keep her old bomb on the road, let alone pay bills for something she’d hardly use. There were two extensions, one in the kitchen and the other in the office, as Sophie liked to call the small annex where she did the paperwork. There was no one about when Natalie dialed the number on Karl Messer’s business card. 
Pamela answered of course, and told her that both agents were out. Natalie had to be content with leaving a message saying that she’d phoned. He didn’t return her call, of course. 
She left several more messages over the next two days with no response. 
By Friday afternoon she’d had enough. 
They’d had another good day with the children, so once all the youngsters had settled down for nap-time, she told Debbie she was going for a walk. 
“Where to?” her friend asked. 
“To see a man about a house,” she replied, scooping up her handbag. 
“You’re not still trying for that cottage?” 
“Got it in one. And if I don’t get it, Adolf will dine on silk ties and trouser legs. I’m taking him with me,” she retorted over her shoulder as she left the room.
“What? Are you nuts?” Debbie called after her.
Natalie drove home, and since Messer’s Realty was within walking distance, she decided to take the huge dog a walk. 
She let herself into the silent house and made her way to the back door. No renovations had been done since her parents had moved in. Everything, including the battered furniture, was over thirty years old. Being only three bedrooms and made of fibro, it would probably be bulldozed when she and Trevor decided to sell it.
As soon as she’d unlocked the back door a wet tongue assailed her face and a huge pair of paws scrabbled against her chest.
“Down Adolf, down,” she commended, heading for the laundry. The big dog followed her and yelped excitedly when he saw her reappear with his leash in her hand. “Sit, so I can put your lead on.”
It took a few moments to settle the beast down long enough for her to attach the lead to his collar. 
Then they were off, Adolf almost garroting himself in his excitement to get going. They headed around the side of the house and out onto the street.
By the time they reached Messer’s Realty on the hill, Natalie was quite hot and bothered. She probably looked even worse today with her flushed face and windblown hair from the afternoon sea-breeze. Neither was she any more professionally dressed, wearing a pair of battered sneakers, plain black leggings and an oversized smock top. As she passed the front window she noticed that the advertisement for the cottage was gone. Natalie hoped it didn’t mean what she thought it did. 
 “Oh, hello again,” Pamela greeted her with a professional smile. 
“I noticed the ad for the cottage was gone. I want to see Karl Messer about it,” Natalie asserted, stopping in front of the reception desk. 
Just then Adolf leant his huge head onto the desk.
“You can’t bring a dog in here,” Pamela gasped, drawing back.
Natalie flipped a hand. “Oh, don’t worry about him. He’s harmless, as well as fully house-trained, so he won’t pee on your carpet.”
“Yes, but you really should tie him up outside.”
“I was told by your boss that I needed proof of a burglar alarm, so here he is. But between you and me, he’d probably lick any potential burglar’s to death.”
Pamela managed a small smile. “Oh, all right then. As long as you’re sure he won’t do anything, I’ll let Karl know you’re here. Miss Scott isn’t it?”
Natalie nodded. 
“One moment,” and she disappeared down the corridor.
At least he was here. That meant she’d be able to have it out with him if he’d done the dirty on her and let the house to someone else. 
Pamela returned. “He’ll be with you in a moment.” 
“Thanks,” Natalie murmured, slipping into the same chair she’d occupied earlier in the week. Adolf settled himself at her feet and rested his head on his paws. For an Alsatian he really was a good dog, easy going and docile. Trevor had been surprised at how easy it was to train him.
Ten minutes later she knew Karl Messer was keeping her waiting on purpose. Obviously he thought his job was more important than hers. If she didn’t get back soon, Debbie would have to cope on her own with the irritable youngsters when they woke up. 
“Miss Scott!” 
The deep commanding voice made her jump, and she looked up. She’d forgotten how handsome he was, and couldn’t help staring at him as she rose to her feet. That stray golden lock of hair was still defying gravity, making her itch to run her fingers through it. No wonder Abigail had fallen for him! Natalie cursed herself for not being as immune to his perfect features and strong athletic body as she’d let Debbie believe. The fact that he was wearing a short-sleeved shirt this time, exposing powerful forearms dusted with blonde hair didn’t help either. Without the tailored jacket, she realized the wide breadth of his shoulders hadn’t been an illusion. 
It was criminal that such an unpleasant man had been packaged to look like the answer to every woman’s dream. 
Adolf also got up, straining against his leash to sniff out the newcomer.
“Does he bite?” Karl asked, not moving from his position in the hallway.
“Shall I let him go so you can find out?” Natalie suggested.
“You didn’t need to bring the dog here, you know. I did believe you.” Was he smiling? Natalie thought she detected a small quirking of his lips. “Now, do you mind taking him outside so we can discuss the cottage without me having to worry about losing a limb.”
“All right.” Natalie went back out through the door and attached Adolf’s lead to the fire hydrant outside the shop next door. She gave him a reassuring pat and returned to the Realty.
“Come through,” Karl commanded. 
Natalie proceeded to march past him, but he took up too much of the corridor, and involuntarily her shoulder brushed against his broad chest. Pretend it didn’t happen, she ordered herself.
She entered his sun-lit office, plastering what she hoped was a business-like expression on her face. He was right behind her, closing the door behind them. Natalie wondered why that action caused her to shudder. This man was affecting her in more ways than one, and she didn’t like it one little bit.
Once again she found herself confronted with those penetrating blue eyes, as he settled himself behind his cluttered desk, motioning for her to sit in the chair indicated. She slipped into it somewhat ungraciously, and hoped he could tell from her body language how reluctant she was to be there. 
“Well, I can see you’re most eager to rent that cottage,” he remarked. 
“You bet your jack boots I am, and if you’ve given it to someone else...” 
“You’ll what?” he encouraged. “Set your dog onto me?”
She thought it wise not to mention that. “Well, have you?” 
“I’ve thought about it.”
“And?” 
“I’ve decided you can have it - on one condition.” 
Natalie forced herself to meet his gaze again. To her surprise she found the imperious expression had softened ever so slightly, but Natalie had a sneaking suspicion she wouldn’t like what she was about to hear.
“I’m going to attend an important function next weekend and I need a partner to accompany me.” 
“No way!” Natalie exploded. She should have known that was coming. “I’m busy. I’ve got other things to do.”
“No dinner, no house.” 
“You’re despicable,” she snapped. 
“So the cottage wasn’t really that important to you, after all?”
“Yes it is, but not so important that I’ll cheapen myself by… by...” 
“Go on?” he encouraged with a wink. 
“Don’t you have any morals?” Obviously not! Debbie’s description of Abigail’s unfortunate liaison with him flew to the forefront of her mind. 
Renowned womanizer. Incapable of emotion.
He spread his hands in front of him on the desk in a beseeching gesture. “All I’m asking you to do is to put on a nice evening dress and accompany me to the opening dinner of a new resort this side of Nowra. Nothing more. Nothing less.”
“I don’t own an evening dress.” There, that would get her out of it.
“I don’t believe you.”
“Not everyone can afford silk ties and designer clothes, you know. I work with children, not businessmen. I don’t even own a power suit.”
“What size are you?”
“What?” Natalie gaped at him. “What’s that got to do with the price of bread?”
“I need to know your size so I can buy you a dress.”
Natalie did more than gape. She slumped back in her chair in utter bewilderment. 
Finally, when she found her voice again, she said; “I’m sure there’d be at least half a dozen other women you could ask, women who do own evening dresses.” 
“But I’m asking you. I don’t understand why you’re looking upon it as such a trial.” 
Being anywhere with this man was a trial, she thought. “Can’t we negotiate?” 
“I have the lease right here. We can sign it now and I hand you the keys so you’re free to move in whenever you like. Next Saturday I pick you up from the cottage at six-thirty, at which time you will be appropriately attired, whether I have to buy it or not. That’s the deal.” 
He pulled several sheets of paper out of the folder lying on the desk in front of him. From where she was sitting Natalie could see they were the rent documents for the cottage. 
Debbie had been right. He was a cunning fox. He knew how much she wanted that house and was capitalizing on this weakness. What other motive could he possibly have to get her to go out with him? Surely he wasn’t attracted to her? Not casual, unkempt Natalie Scott. And why would he? When like she’d said, there probably were half a dozen more suitable women he could ask.
Natalie had never dressed up for anyone, not even Rick, who was even more casual than her. The only appropriate dress she could think of was the one she’d worn to her high school formal seven years ago, probably crushed and moth-eaten, and definitely out of fashion. Maybe there was something in her mother’s wardrobe. She would definitely have to rummage through Donna’s shoes to find footwear that weren’t sneakers or thongs.
Come on Nat, you can do this, she told herself. All it involved was one night at a function, and if it really was an opening dinner there would be enough speeches and formalities for her not to have to bother conversing with her companion. One night and she’d be free to spend the next six months in her dream home. All future dealings with him could be through Pamela when she came to pay the rent. 
“All right. I accept,” she capitulated frostily, and lowered her gaze to the paperwork in front of them. 
“See that wasn’t so hard, was it?” he had the audacity to add, before getting down to business himself. 
Natalie felt like she’d just signed her life away to the devil.
Finally the devil got up and came around the desk to hold out a set of keys. Natalie also stood and reached for them. But he dangled them out of reach. 
“Don’t forget. Six thirty on Saturday night.” he reminded her.
“And if I don’t do it,” she retorted.
He merely held the keys further away. “Do you want me to buy you a dress, shoes, jewellary?”
Natalie couldn’t help gaping at him again. A man offering to buy a virtual stranger jewellary! That was unheard of in her book. Real estate must be booming in this town, she decided.
“No, I’m sure I can find something that won’t look too shabby, as long as this place doesn’t expect the latest fashion.”
“You’re really not into looks, are you?” he said with a frown, which made her wonder if that was all that mattered to him. If that was the case, why on earth had he asked her? He really was going to regret it, she thought, because she had no intention of making an effort other than to wear something that would make her blend into the background. She never had and never would be someone who showed off her assets.
“It’s what’s inside that counts,” she answered shortly. “Now give me the keys.”
Instead he took hold of her hand. Uncurling her fingers, he placed the keys into her palm before bending her fingers back around them. His touch was warm and firm, but she still shivered from the contact. She supposed a man with ice in his eyes would have that effect on a person. It made her wonder how the vivacious Abigail could ever have warmed to him. Perhaps he’d offered her shoes, dresses and jewellary too, a strong motivating force for the fashion conscious of the world, Natalie supposed.
“Do you deal this way with all your female clients?” she said curtly, snatching her hand out of his. She shoved the keys into her handbag and turned away from him. Now that she had them in her possession, she wasn’t letting them go again in a hurry.
“No, only you,” he said enigmatically from behind her.
“Yeah, I’ll bet,” she muttered under her breath, deciding it high time to head back to work.
“I heard that,” he said as she yanked open the door. “And I never lie.”
Natalie didn’t believe that either, but didn’t say another word as she hurried past Pamela’s desk and out into the street.
Bedlam reigned supreme when she arrived back at the centre fifteen minutes later. This meant Debbie was unable to ask how it went. There was no way Natalie was going to tell anyone about the bargain she’d made with the blue-eyed devil.
As she ushered a wailing three year old into the yard Natalie wondered how she could sabotage the deal; act obnoxiously, wear her rattiest jeans. No, he’d only demand she get changed. And if dignitaries were there, she wouldn’t dare act out. No, she would do her best to stay in the background, hide behind the pot plants if necessary, and hope no one she knew ever found out she’d been there.
It was already after six when Abigail came for Trent, and they locked up. Natalie collapsed into the worn lounge in the living room with a mug of coffee. 
“So, how did you go?” Debbie asked, flopping down beside her. “Did Adolf get to chew his leg off?”
Natalie merely grinned, then fished the keys out of her bag and held them up for her friend to see. “Would you and Lindsey like to come over for a nice dinner overlooking the beach?” 
“You got it?” she cried excitedly. 
“I’m going home to start packing.” 
“Want some help?” 
“Thanks, but I’ll do it in shifts. I don’t think I’ll need all that much to start with. It is fully furnished, after all. If I wasn’t so tired I’d stay there tonight, but I need to talk to Trevor about letting me take Adolf.”
“So he was serious about the dog. I just thought you were over-reacting again.”
“That was one of Mr Messer’s stipulations. I get the house if I take the guard dog.”
“It makes sense I suppose. Funny he should care about something like that though.”
“If I get dragged off by pirates in the middle of the night he has to find new tenants, doesn’t he?” 
“At least your sense of humor has returned. I think living in that house is going to do you the world of good.” 
“Better get going,” Natalie announced, draining the last of her coffee. 
She made pizza that night, Trevor’s favorite. He worked with the butcher in town with whom he’d served his apprenticeship. He looked nothing like Natalie, being short with curly, red hair, and pale gray eyes. One of the things he resented was that she could tan, when all he cultivated was more freckles.
He acted nothing like her either. Trevor was impulsive and explosive, whereas Natalie planned things carefully. Even her decision to rent the cottage had been made with considerable forethought, weighing up the pros and cons. She would never have endured Karl Messer’s interrogation and subterfuge if it hadn’t been in her and Trevor’s best interests. 
He’d virtually devoured all his home-made pizza when Natalie announced that she would be moving out for a while. For a moment Trevor merely gaped at her. 
“What for?” he exclaimed. “Why go and pay rent somewhere when we both live here for free?” 
“It’s something I feel I have to do. We need some time apart, and I love that cottage. You can come with me tomorrow and check it out if you like. And I’ll relieve you of Adolf as well. The place is pretty isolated and the agent suggested I have a dog for protection. In fact he wrote it into the lease,” she explained. 
“You’ve got it all worked out, haven’t you? Is Rick coming down to stay? Is this why you want to move out, so you can live it up with lover boy?” 
“What are you getting all worked up about? I though you’d appreciate the peace and quiet. And no, Rick isn’t coming to stay.” 
“Have you signed the lease?” 
Natalie nodded. 
“Why did you have to let him put that stipulation about the dog in for? You know he’s mine.” 
“I’m sorry. Please Trev? Let me take Adolf?” 
“You’re nuts, you know. Fancy moving out of a perfectly good house in town, close to work, to go and pay rent for a house in the sticks. Yeah, all right. Take Adolf, but don’t blame me if he hates it there.” 
“Thanks little brother and I think Adolf will love it.”
CHAPTER THREE
The following morning Natalie crammed as much as she could into her small car. She set off with Trevor following in his utility with some more of her belongings. He had Adolf barking in the back for the entire journey. 
Natalie had looked in through the large windows at the front of the house to see that it had been tastefully decorated with antique furniture and polished wooden floor boards, in keeping with its hundred year old existence. Once inside she felt like she’d stepped back in time. The television and stereo system didn’t belong of course, but everyone these days seemed to need such modern conveniences. 
The kitchen, although set up to suit the era, had a stove, microwave and dishwasher. 
The master bedroom gave her the most pleasant surprise, with its four-poster queen-sized bed, and matching hand crafted wardrobe and dresser. Like the lounge room it also had glass doors opening onto the veranda. Being a balmy summer’s day, Natalie rushed to open them, before flopping down on the bed covered in a beautifully embroidered quilt. 
“Are you sure Rick isn’t coming to share that with you?” Trevor asked, stopping in the doorway with her suitcase of clothes. 
“No,” she snapped. “Just leave that near the wardrobe. I’ll be out in a minute to get the rest.”
“Adolf’s in the garden. You’re right, he’s running around as though he’s in paradise,” he admitted. 
“That’s because it is. Now do you see why I want to stay here?” 
Trevor shrugged. “It is nice.” 
“Nice! It’s beautiful.” 
“Okay. I won’t argue with you. I’d better get going. I’m meeting Dave and Luke to catch the surf while it’s up. See ya.” 
Left to herself, Natalie stretched out on the comfortable bed, and gazed out through the open doorway across the yard with the beach in the background. She saw Adolf bound across the grass. 
Why did Trevor have to spoil her happy mood by mentioning Rick? 
The issue which had caused the most conflict in their relationship had been their sex-life, or rather Natalie’s disinterest in it. They’d only ever gone all the way a few times, making Natalie wonder what all the fuss was about. Not having had any previous experience to draw on, she wasn’t sure whether the problem was her, as Rick seemed to think, or the fact that they simply weren’t suited. Whatever the reason she was glad she was free of him. Natalie didn’t need a troublesome lover in her life right now. 
Neither did she need a date with the autocratic Karl Messer, but as she got up to amble about the cottage, her contented mood returned, and she silently thanked him for letting the cottage to her.
She didn’t feel like unpacking yet, so she turned on the stereo, and found a rock station playing one of her favorite songs. Natalie cranked up the volume and began dancing about the room. Once having done Jazz Ballet, she jumped, skipped and hopped her way out onto the veranda where a cool afternoon breeze caressed her bare arms and legs. The large trees surrounding the property meant the neighbors on either side probably wouldn’t be able to see her bopping about. And even if they could, Natalie didn’t care. For the first time in months she felt relaxed and almost content.
When the song ended and an ad came on, she decided to find some of her own CDs to play. The stereo certainly was of good quality with a great base sound. The large plasma TV looked new too, and she thanked the owners for leaving it for her to use. So used to the small set at home, she was going to hire out plenty of movies over the next few months.
The afternoon soon faded into twilight as Natalie settled into her new home. She’d bought herself a bottle of wine to celebrate her first night, and after uncorking it, she headed out onto the veranda with a full glass and sat down in one of the comfortable wicker chairs to watch the stars come out across the ocean.
It was a beautiful night, balmy and warm, with a crescent moon rising in the eastern sky. The stereo was now playing some of her favorite ballads and Natalie felt relaxed and drowsy from the alcohol.
Since it had been a rather eventful week, she decided to turn in early. 
Despite the age of the house, the bathroom, like the kitchen had recently been renovated, containing a large spa-bath, where she soaked, finishing off the rest of the wine. Not used to drinking an entire bottle on her own, Natalie felt rather woozy by the time she climbed out of the tub.
Unsteadily she slipped into her nightshirt, brushed her teeth, combed her hair and tottered into the bedroom. A beautiful guilt edged full length mirror stood in the corner of the room. When Natalie caught sight of her reflection in it, she wasn’t impressed with her flushed cheeks and red eyes.
So when she saw another face reflected in the glass behind her own, Natalie thought it the wine muddling her mind. When she swung around she was certain that she’d find no one there. 
To her utter astonishment what she saw wasn’t really a person, but more of an outline, or movie fade out.
It was way creepier than having a real life person in the room with her.
Natalie felt an icy tremor chill through her as the image began to solidify before her very eyes.
It turned into a man in his mid-thirties, with a mass of riotous red curls, framing an angular, but handsome face. His eyes were a vivid shade of green that seemed almost as shocked to see her as she was to see him. His chest was bare, revealing a wiry, well-muscled physique. All he had on was a pair of dark trousers. Even his feet were bare, and she could still see the floorboards through them.
I don’t believe in ghosts, Natalie told herself, but wondered fearfully if she’d just entered into a contract to rent the haunted house of Ulladulla. In a bizarre kind of way it made sense, since the cottage was so old. Why wouldn’t it have a resident ghost?
Pull yourself together girl. There has to be some other explanation. 
Like what? I can still see through him. Maybe if I close my eyes he’ll go away. And if I take my eyes off him he might attack me, she thought, recalling a particularly creepy episode of Dr Who. Can ghosts do such a thing? She decided not to even blink.
Natalie almost fainted from shock when the ghost spoke.
“Laura?” he rasped.
“What?” Natalie gasped. “What did you say?”
“Laura. Ye’ve come back to me.” 
She thought his husky accent sounded Irish, but she couldn’t be sure, as he took a step towards her. 
Natalie immediately stepped back, feeling one of the bed posts behind her.
“I’m not Laura. Who the Hell is Laura? And who are you for that matter? What are you? And what are you doing here?” She rattled off these questions with her hand outstretched, palm out, in the vain hope that this would ward him off.
His hopeful expression dropped like a ton of bricks. He looked utterly shattered. “I should ‘ave known not ter hope for a miracle. But… but ye look so much like my Laura… Ye’re the first person in this here house to talk to me.” His old fashioned Irish brogue was really quite charming, she thought, but he sounded so very very sad.
“Do…do you live here?” she asked, suddenly swamped with the prospect of having her dream home end up as the haunted home.
“Aye. Or I should say I used to live here. Many ‘ave come and gone over the years, but ye’re the first to take notice of me.” He crossed his arms over himself.
“I wonder why I should be so lucky!” Natalie muttered more to herself than to him. “So I can’t go and tell the real estate agent that I want my bond back because he let me a haunted house.”
He tilted his head to one side to indicate he didn’t entirely understand what she meant.
“All right, just how long have you been… am… dead?” she asked for want of a better word.
That sorrowful expression passed over his handsome features again, which wouldn’t exactly make him Casper the friendly Ghost, but at least he didn’t seem to be a Poltergeist either.
“I really have no concept of time any more, but it feels like an eternity. I built this house, ye see.”
Natalie gasped out loud, bringing her hands to her mouth. “Then - then you must be Sean O’Shea. I know the story. We learnt about it at school.”
“Ah, a local lass. Mayhap that is why ye can see me,” he said, a glimmer of hope lighting in his sad green eyes.
Natalie shook her head. “Or maybe it’s because we’re sort of related. My father was a fisherman, just like you were, and he was pretty sure he was descended from the O’Sheas. We tried to trace the family tree but it got kind of messy during the Great Depression.”
He smiled then, a truly winsome grin that would have warmed her heart had he been a real life flesh and blood man. 
“See, ‘tis the family resemblance that’s opened yer eyes. You look so much like me lovely Laura. What be yer name, dear descendant of mine?” 
His cute old fashioned Irish brogue gave her goose bumps, and for a moment she did find herself wishing he were real.
“Natalie Scott,” she introduced herself, and was about to extend her hand, when she realized she couldn’t possibly shake hands with him. “I can’t touch you, can I?”
That sad expression returned as he held out his hand to hers. It passed right through her fingers, and she didn’t even feel a thing. It was more the sight of his hand moving through hers that gave her goose bumps. She was well and truly awake now, the effects of the wine completely doused by the bizarre reality of sharing her home with its founder.
“I – I think I need to sit down,” she said shakily. “This is just too weird.” 
Since the bed was right behind her, she sat down on it. 
Sean remained where he was and crossed his arms again. It drew her attention to the well-defined muscles of his upper arm and chest. He certainly had a good body – for a dead guy.
“You don’t suppose you could put on a shirt, do you?” she suggested, finding his handsome physique rather distracting.
He merely shook his head, red curls bobbing.
“Didn’t think so,” she muttered. ‘So what the heck do you do? I mean I’ve never met a ghost before. Are there others like you?”
His mournful expression didn’t lift as he sighed. “There isn’t much a ghost can do, except wait and watch.”
“That must be unbelievably boring for you,” Natalie acknowledged, wondering how on earth anyone could survive such an existence and not go completely and utterly insane.
“Aye, although the past fifty years haven’t been quite so dreary since the invention of the television.”
“You watch television?” she asked in bewilderment.
“When they turn it on. I was listening to your am… music earlier.”
“I take it you don’t dig rock and roll.”
He shook his head.
“Prefer the Irish jig do you?”
That elicited a small smile. “Ah, ‘tis heaven to have someone to talk to at last,” he breathed with a sigh.
“I’m not so sure I agree with you on that. I mean are you going to be here all the time? Will you follow me everywhere?”
He shook his head. “I can’t leave these here four walls.”
“Blimey. What did you do to deserve such a fate?”
“I wish I knew, my fair maiden. Mayhap I’ll tell you the tale one day… How long will ye be staying?”
“The lease is for six months, but… I really didn’t want a flat-mate, even if he does have prior dibs on the place.”
One of his eyebrows quirked. “Your talk is strange at times, Natalie.”
“You obviously haven’t watched enough TV then.” Natalie stifled a yawn. “Looks like that sudden burst of adrenalin at finding you here has run out.” 
She yawned again. “I would really like to get some sleep now. Are you going to make yourself scarce, or am I going to have to stay up all night worrying about you doing something creepy.”
“You could always turn the TV on for me,” he suggested.
With a shake of her head she got up off the bed and entered the living room. She picked up the remote from the glass topped coffee table and pointed it at the set. 
She’d seen the satellite dish on the roof, and figured they must have pay TV, so she channel-surfed for a few minutes, until she found the movie station.
“This ought to keep you amused for a while. Do you ever sleep?” she couldn’t help asking.
He walked around the lounge and sat down in it. It looked weird to Natalie, watching someone she could see through make himself comfortable against the cushions. Which begged the question, could he actually feel anything?
“I would na call it sleeping, as such. I kind of fade out for a while. The sunlight does it to me, so ye won’t be seeing me in the daylight hours, only after it gets dark.”
“Well, that’s a relief.” 
Natalie could tell that upset him, but she really wasn’t impressed about finding him here. Somehow she doubted she’d get much sleep tonight. Knowing that a hundred year old ghost had made himself at home in the living room, made her extremely reluctant to close her eyes.
She must have dozed off eventually, for when she opened her eyes daylight filtered through the cracks in the curtains. Natalie climbed out of the comfortable bed and pushed them aside. 
Another perfect spring morning greeted her. As she stood there gazing out across the yard and the ocean, she wondered if she’d dreamed up Sean O’Shea.
That must be it, Natalie thought. It was just a dream. 
It wasn’t until she entered the living room and saw the TV still on that she verged on changing her mind again. She did recall turning it on for him, but it was entirely possible that she’d forgotten to turn it off, until she remembered she hadn’t watched anything last night.
“Sean!” she said. ‘Are you still here?”
Not even a whisper. OK, I either dreamed him up, or he was right about his aversion to daylight, she thought, which meant that at least she’d be free to enjoy the cottage on her own during the day.
Natalie made herself some breakfast and then decided to go for a walk along the beach with Adolf. The huge dog had a ball, bounding about splaying sand in all directions. At this hour of the day, there weren’t many people about, and she had the beach pretty much to herself.
On their return, she fed the dog, and went back inside to finish unpacking. Since she didn’t own much, and the house came furnished with the kitchen completely stocked, by lunch time she was free to relax for the rest of the afternoon.
Natalie took the latest Robin Hobb book she’d bought out onto the veranda with her. As she found her place, and began reading about ships that could talk to their crew, she wondered whether this was another reason Sean O’Shea had managed to make his presence felt. Natalie enjoyed anything magical, mystical or paranormal. Or was it because of her own recent loss? She supposed she’d probably never really know, and wondered if he’d show up again tonight.
She got her answer halfway through dinner. As soon as dusk yielded to night, Sean appeared at the other end of the table, where he sat down on the chair she’d left out when she’d sat there sorting through her CDs. It almost made her spill her food all over the table.
“Jeez. You scared the living daylights out of me,” she gasped as she stared at his ethereal form, seeing the back of the chair through his bare torso.
“Sorry,” he murmured. “But I’m glad ye can still see me. I was worried it might na happen again.”
“I kind of wish it hadn’t,” Natalie muttered, picking up her fork. She pierced some pasta with it. “Would you like some?” she offered, holding up the utensil.
“I wish that I could, but ye finish up. Don’t let me disturb you.”
“Oh, you’ve well and truly done that already. I mean, how often does a girl get to rent a haunted house for six months? Maybe once every hundred years or so.”
“Ha ha,” he said drolly, obviously not amused by her sarcasm.
Natalie stuck the pasta into her mouth, but she’d lost her appetite. Having a handsome, half naked ghost at her table was probably the cause of it. “So, are you going to come round every night?”
“I don’t come round, I’m already here. “Tis merely that you can see me.”
“And if I don’t want to see you?” she suggested, pushing her plate away.
“Don’t be like that, Natalie. Think of how long it’s been since I’ve had someone to talk to, particularly someone as pretty as you.”
“Oh cut the compliments. I’m grubby and sweaty and wearing my oldest clothes. My hair desperately needs a wash, and if you follow me into the shower, I’m going to…”
He held up his hands in appeasement. “’Twould be most crass and unkind of me to watch you in the bath, much as I’d like to.”
“That’s it. Out!” She pointed to the front door before she remembered that he couldn’t leave the house. “Well, make yourself scarce then, and no hiding in the shadows either.”
He did as she bade. He disappeared, but as she did the dishes, she wondered if he could still watch her whilst invisible. She was reluctant to take a shower, but knew she needed it. She couldn’t climb into that lovely bed all sandy and sweaty. Neither could she show up for work with lank, itchy hair.
Sean didn’t show himself again that night. Natalie was relieved, but couldn’t help wondering if she hadn’t been a bit too harsh on him. 
In fact she didn’t see him again for several nights, but on Thursday evening he materialized on the sofa, just as the phone started ringing.
“Oh, you’re back,” she gasped, as she picked up the phone, and spoke into the receiver. “Hello.”
“Hello Natalie,” said a deep, accented voice. “Karl Messer here, ringing about Saturday night.”
Natalie turned her back on her handsome ghostly visitor who was looking way too comfortable on the lounge for her liking. 
“Oh drat, I completely forgot about that,” she blurted out. What with moving, finding out my flat-mate is a ghost, it completely slipped my mind. But she didn’t add that part. Karl Messer was bound to call the men in white coats to evict her if she did.
She thought she heard him sigh on the other end of the line. “Just as well I rang then, isn’t it,” he said rather tersely.
“All right. I’ll go home tomorrow and get the dress and shoes. Don’t worry Mr Messer, I won’t make a laughing stock out of you.”
“Well, that’s a relief.” He still sounded peeved. “I’ll be over at six-thirty to pick you up.”
“All right. Anything else?”
“No, I’ll see you then.” And he promptly hung up on her.
“Ooops,” Natalie muttered as she put the phone down. She looked up to see Sean smiling at her. “What’s so funny?”
“Now where would a lady be going that she needs shoes and a dress?” he queried in his cute Irish brogue. She’d forgotten what a nice voice he had. She’d forgotten what a nice body he had too, and averted her eyes, looking down at her hands instead. She examined her neat square nails that might have seen polish once in her life.
Sean sounded too educated to have merely been a fisherman in the previous century. She suspected he would have quite a story to tell, but right now her mind was churning with the prospect that the dress wouldn’t fit, be damaged, and that there were no shops in this casual town that sold anything even remotely appropriate for a formal function. Asking one of her colleagues was out of the question since they weren’t her size and would want to know what she needed it for. Natalie was a notoriously bad fibber. They were bound to see right through anything she contrived to cover up the real reason she’d sold her soul to the blue-eyed devil.
 “In order to rent your house I had to agree to go to some fancy do with someone I don’t want to go with. Now I wonder if maybe I should just skip out on the rent.”
“And leave me here all alone?” He’d said it in jest, but she heard the wistfulness in his tone. He’d spend the next six months entirely on his own. Which begged the question; why on earth was Sean O’Shea still here? Why hadn’t he gone wherever spirits got after their death? From what little she’d read about ghosts, and most of it was speculation anyway, spirits tended to hang around only if they had unfinished business on earth.
“Well, you made yourself scarce for the past few nights. It’s obvious that you don’t have to show up.”
“Aye, I did that because I offended your sensibilities.”
How quaint and old fashioned he was. “So were you true to your word, no spying from the shadows?” she asked.
“No spying. Although ‘tis hard to remain quiet in the presence of such a lovely house guest.”
“Quit it, will you. You’re as bad as Mr Messer.”
“Who might Mr Messer be?”
“The horrible man I have to go to this function with.”
“The one who wants you to wear a dress and shoes?” He was teasing her, and Natalie had to admit she was enjoying the banter. “In my time, all ladies wore dresses and shoes. None wore trousers, long or short.”
“Yeah, tell me about your time. I was trying to recall what I learnt about your life, but it’s all pretty hazy now.” Natalie sat down on the lounge chair opposite him. “Tell me a real ghost story,” she urged, meeting his gaze.
“’Tis nice to hear that I’m remembered in these parts. I was born in 1885,” he began.
“Wow. You look pretty good for someone who’s over one hundred and thirty years old.”
“I was thirty five when I died,” he went on as though she hadn’t spoken. “And I was heart-broken. My Laura had just died trying to bring our first born into the world.”
“I’m really sorry to hear that. I don’t know if it’s any consolation, but very few women die in childbirth these days.”
“So I’ve heard,” he motioned to the TV. “And no, ‘tis no consolation. Her labor pains began a few weeks early. We’d planned on having a midwife stay with us to help deliver the babe, but since we were so far from town (there were no other houses here back then) it fell onto me to be the midwife. What would a man know of such things? I’m not afraid to admit the entire ordeal terrified me, seeing her suffer so much pain, and there being naught I could do about it.
“I wanted to get help, but she wouldna let me leave her side. ‘Twould have taken too long anyhow. After many hours, we realized the babe wasn’t going to come, and my darling Laura was exhausted. She’d lost so much blood… in the end she bled to death, and the babe died still in her womb.”
If there was some way of comforting him, Natalie would have reached out to him, but how did one hug a ghost? And she could think of nothing to say that would ease the torment etched in every line of his pinched face. He suddenly looked much older than the thirty-five years he claimed to be.
“She died right there in my arms. I went outside and walked for miles and miles, not knowing what to do… All I knew was that I couldna go back into that – this house… And I never did, not till I died.”
“You died at sea the history book says. Is that true?”
“Aye, that I did, swept overboard on a night only a fool like me would go out in. Mayhap I wanted to die, so God sought to punish me by sending me back here.”
“Then he’d be a cruel and vindictive God. That’s if He even exists.”
“Ye question God’s existence?” he asked in surprise.
“All the time. My mother died only two months ago for a truly vicious cancer. My father was swept from our trawler when I was still a kid, just like you, so yeah I question Him,” Natalie said vehemently.
Sean cast her such a look of tender understanding, she felt her heart contract. He knew exactly what she was going through. For the first time in years, Natalie felt as though someone really understood her. 
For a while she’d thought that their shared loss would bring her and Trevor closer together, but it only seemed to be driving them further apart. Natalie had lost count of how many times she’d tried to talk to him about it, but Trevor, being a typical male, preferred to keep his feelings well and truly to himself. 
So it surprised her to find a man as open as Sean O’Shea, but then he’d been around for over a century looking for someone to talk to. No wonder he was willing to share his grief with her, grief so very much like her own.
Before she let her emotions get the better of her, she turned away from him, reminding herself that he wasn’t even real, and that any comfort he offered her could never be reciprocated in the true sense of the word. 
When she glanced around again he was gone, as though he knew she wanted to be left alone.
CHAPTER FOUR
Standing in front of the full-length mirror, Natalie surveyed her appearance one last time. After much searching the previous evening, she’d finally found the plain black dress she’d worn to her school formal. Thankfully, it was still in good shape and fitted her. Although body hugging, it wasn’t overly revealing, with straps wide enough to cover her matching black bra. Neither was it too short, ending just above the knees. 
She’d teamed it with black stockings and plain black court shoes she’d found in the bottom of her mother’s wardrobe. She had to stick tissues in the toes because they were a bit big, and already felt uncomfortable. 
If I get blisters from these, I’ll throw them at you, Karl Messer, she vowed, totally not in the mood for this outing.
So unfamiliar with dressing up, it had taken close to an hour to get her hair into an acceptable up-style and her make-up not to look owlish. She wasn’t planning on impressing anyone, merely blend in with the crowd so she could remain inconspicuous, but even in this simple outfit she felt overdressed. Her only jewelry was her mother’s sapphire crystal necklace and matching earrings. 
Natalie consoled herself with the fact that all the other women there would probably be wearing similar outfits, but Natalie knew the man she’d be accompanying was bound to notice the difference in her appearance. She hardly even recognized herself.
“The things a woman has to do to get a roof over her head,” she muttered under her breath on her way into the living room. 
Sean had appeared again last night, and she’d shown him the dress, holding it up in front of her. He told her he’d been thinking more along the lines of something long and flowing, made of satin and lace.
“That’s called a wedding dress, something no man’s going to see me in for a very long time,” she’d retorted with conviction.
“What a shame. My Laura looked a true vision in hers.”
“You keep saying I look like her. Doesn’t that upset you?” she’d asked in all honesty.
He’d pulled a wry face. “I’ve had a hundred years to get over her.” 
And another hundred wouldn’t help either, Natalie had added silently for him. Why couldn’t he have been born in this day and age? she wondered wistfully. I would have fallen for him, no questions asked.
Taking a deep breath, Natalie cast the old-fashioned and oh so charming Sean O’Shea from her thoughts. She had to get through a night with the not-so-charming Karl Messer. Her insides squirmed as uncomfortably as her feet did in the ill-fitting shoes.
By the sound of Adolf’s frantic barking at the side gate the man in question was right on time. A dividing wall kept the garden separate from the house, and luckily for Karl, it was too high for the enormous dog to negotiate. 
“So, does the burglar alarm meet with your approval?” she asked, as she opened the door to him. 
He was wearing an immaculate navy dinner suit, which deepened the blue of his eyes, making him look every inch the sophisticated businessman. 
“Highly commendable,” he drawled, his big frame filling the doorway. His intense gaze raked over her so slowly it made her shiver.
‘Well, will I fit in or not?” she asked, when he just stood there regarding her. 
He smiled. “Most certainly, my lovely Miss Scott. I will be proud to have you by my side.”
Natalie couldn’t help but shake her head at him. “Can’t you come up with anything more original than that?” 
“How about; you’re so beautiful you take my breath away?” he suggested with a wink.
“How about buying a new phrase book?” Natalie shot back, turning away from him. “I’ll get my bag.”
She stomped back to the bedroom to pick up the small evening clutch off the dresser. That too had been her mother’s. Thinking of her brought a lump to her throat. It made Natalie wonder what she would think of what she was doing tonight. Knowing how her romantic mind had worked she would have been all for it. She wouldn’t have considered Karl’s remarks sexist or in bad taste, but Natalie knew precisely what he was playing at. He intended to make her as uncomfortable as possible because of the way she’d badgered him about the cottage. 
When she returned to the living room, she saw him standing by the window, looking out across the ocean glittering under the last rays of afternoon sunshine. 
“I can see why you were so determined to get this place. The view is breathtaking,” he remarked, when she stopped beside him.
“Your father said the owners were friends of yours. Where did they go?” she asked, glad they were once again on neutral territory. 
“Travelling around the world,” he replied. 
“Lucky them.” Natalie wondered whether she’d ever have enough money for a tour like that. With no more than fifty dollars in her account till pay-day she doubted it.
“Shall we go, Natalie?” Used to the formal Miss Scott, the way he spoke her first name with the heavy accented inflection made it sound almost exotic. He smiled slightly when she met his gaze. “And you can call me Karl.”
“So gracious of you,” she quipped, turning to head for the front door. So he was going to start being friendly to her now, was he? How she wished it was Sean she was going out with. He’d look just as good in that dark suit, and would be ten times better company.
“We’re going out together. What will people think if we walk into the place calling one another by our surnames?” He moved to take hold of her arm, but Natalie stepped out of reach. 
“I’m not one of your lady friends, Mr Messer. The deal was I accompany you to this function, and nothing more.”
“I told you to call me Karl, and the deal was you come to this function as my partner.” 
“What exactly is that supposed to mean?” she shot back, defiantly placing her hands on her hips. 
“Will you stop looking at me like that? I want you to enjoy yourself tonight.” 
“I’d enjoy myself a whole lot better if you left me alone.” 
“Leases can always be terminated,” he reminded her pointedly. 
“You forced me into this deal, remember. It doesn’t mean I have to like the arrangement.” 
“Why are you so determined to make things difficult for yourself? Don’t you like going out?” he asked. He was truly impossible. No matter what she said, he twisted it for his own purposes. Surely he was well aware by now how much she disliked him. 
“I love going out, but only with nice people.” 
“And I’m not nice?” He quirked an eyebrow. “Let’s see if I can prove you wrong then, shall we?” 
“Yes, let’s,” she muttered, heading for the front door, the heels of her shoes clicking on the wooden floor. Adolf started barking again, making Natalie wish that the garden wall was several feet shorter. 
Karl drove a very new and very shiny white Mercedes sports car. Inside he had a mobile phone unit, compact disc player and comfortable leather seats. She was definitely in the wrong profession, Natalie mused, as she settled into the low-slung seat. Karl closed the door after her, and she slid on her seatbelt.
Then he walked around the front of the car and got into the driver’s seat, switching on the ignition. He inserted a CD into the player and reversed the car back up the drive. A moment later soft classical music filled the confines of the vehicle. 
Natalie decided to concentrate on the scenery and let the orchestra soothe her frazzled nerves. Simply being in the company of this man was enough to set her nerves on a knife edge. If that was what Messer really meant, he had been most aptly named. 
She tried to ignore him as they headed north, but it was impossible when his very presence seemed to assault all her senses. It wasn’t just the scent of his musky aftershave, and his big powerful body in the seat beside hers, but his compelling personal aura.
For several kilometres neither of them spoke, and Natalie did manage to relax a little. Then his mobile phone lunged straight into the Ride of the Valkyries, jerking her abruptly back to reality. He answered it, proceeding to tell whoever was on the other end that they would be there in half an hour. Then he started reassuring the caller that his speech sounded perfectly fine to him. 
“That was Dean Masters, the manager of the function centre at the resort. He was just a little nervous about his opening speech,” Karl told her after he had rung off. 
“Oh,” was all Natalie could find to say, wondering why the manager would need reassurance from Karl regarding his oration. 
“I live down there,” he said then, pointing to the turn off to Cunjurong Point. 
“I suppose you get a view of the beach there too,” she remarked, already knowing the answer to that. Being in real estate he would have ensured he got the cream of the crop. 
“Yes. So tell me why you came back to Ulladulla?” he asked conversationally. 
Natalie groaned inwardly. That was the last thing she felt like discussing with him. “Family problems,” she replied simply. “But they’re all sorted out now.” 
“And you chose to stay on and not return to Sydney?” 
“I’ve got a good job here now.” 
“With the Little People. Your employer was most surprised to hear that you wanted to move out of your family home. Why did you do that?” 
So he had checked up on her. “None of your business,” she retorted, knowing full well he wasn’t going to let the matter drop now that he knew. 
“Both your parents are dead, leaving the house jointly to you and your brother.” 
“Did Sophie tell you all that?” Natalie was furious now. She had no right to tell a complete stranger about her personal situation. 
“Moving out and leaving your brother alone in the house isn’t a good idea, Natalie. All sorts of family disputes about wills have started from situations like that,” he said evenly, still with his eyes fixed on the road ahead. 
“We aren’t that kind of family,” she asserted. Undoubtedly his was. Why else would he jump to such derogative conclusions about Trevor? He could be erratic and immature but never spiteful. “Besides, if you were worried about that, why let me rent the cottage?” 
“Who am I to stop a determined young woman from getting what she wants? I hope you’ll be happy there.” He glanced sideways at her, and for a moment it looked as though he did actually mean those words. The faintest glimmer of warmth flickered in his deep blue eyes, before he returned his attention to the road. 
Perhaps the man wasn’t a complete block of ice after all, she thought begrudgingly. 
Night had fallen by the time they turned into the drive leading to the resort, which was lit up like a Christmas Tree. When Natalie saw the massive flood-lit building situated on the hill overlooking the shore, she vaguely remembered her brother telling her about a new holiday resort being built in the area. 
The attendant waved them through into a private parking area reserved for staff. 
At least the architect had the forethought to try and blend the resort in with the native fauna. Palm trees divided the in-ground pool from the tennis courts and barbecue area, but surrounding the property was local vegetation. The building itself, even though a huge two story brick affair, had been designed to have a distinctly country feel about it. The sign she’d seen before Karl had turned the car into the drive stated restaurant, private bar, and reception hall for weddings and functions. 
“Some people prefer to take care of themselves when they come away. The apartments upstairs are self-contained units, but the first floor is for people who want to be waited on. I envisage business people using this place during the off-peak season for conferences and the like,” Karl explained, as Natalie glanced around her. 
“Very impressive,” she concurred, knowing some kind of response was in order, even though she didn’t really give a damn. It just reminded her how fast the south coast was changing to make way for tourists and city-slickers trying to get a taste of the beach culture.
The action appeared to be on the terrace overlooking the pool, where well over a hundred people already milled about with pre-dinner drinks. The restaurant, bar and reception hall all seemed to open up to the terrace. The hall had been set up for the opening dinner, and inside a band was already playing soft background music beside a polished wooden dance floor. 
As soon as they entered the lobby, Karl was surrounded by people. It seemed that almost everyone had something important to tell him. Natalie very soon found herself on the periphery. She’d suspected this would happen, and was content to lean against a pillar to sip her champagne and watch the beautifully dressed people mingle and make small talk. 
It soon became apparent that all the staff who would run the establishment had been invited, ranging from house-maids to upper management. Natalie noticed several local media people in the crowd, cameras and microphones at the ready. Of course the opening of a new resort in the Shoalhaven district was bound to be headline news. 
“Natalie Scott!” At the sound of her name, she swung around to be confronted by a short, petite blonde woman. She was wearing a flowing red satin dress and a huge smile. “It is you! I didn’t know you’d gotten yourself a job here. Given child care away, have you?” 
It took her a moment to recognize her old school friend, Tina Richmond. All of a sudden Natalie didn’t feel quite so alien and out of place. “A familiar face at last,” she returned the blonde woman’s smile. “How are you?” 
“I’m great, now that I’ve finally managed to find myself a decent job. I never thought you’d come back down this way though. Most of our crowd’s still in the big smoke. So what are you doing here?” 
“Mum died a couple of months ago. I had to come back,” Natalie replied sadly. 
“Oh, I’m so sorry. I never knew. I mean I’m living in Nowra now. How terrible for you. But why haven’t you gone back to Sydney?” 
“I got a job in Ulladulla. I’m still there. What makes you think I’d give child care away?” 
“Why else would you be here? This is the fanciest do I’ve ever been to. The managing director wanted everyone who will be working here to attend. We’re all supposed to be part of the team and are therefore considered important,” she concluded with a flourish. 
“Sounds more like a publicity stunt to me,” Natalie replied. 
“Still the same old cynical Nattie. So, if you aren’t working here, who are you with that is?” 
Natalie glanced around, and spotted Karl several metres away with a tall, leggy blonde attached to his arm. She was wearing an incredibly revealing, slinky red gown with a huge split up one leg. Great, bring me here and then abandon me, Natalie thought, and then wondered why this should irritate her. She knew what kind of a reputation he had. She should be glad he was leaving her alone. 
Tina had followed her gaze. “I was wondering when he was going to show up.” 
“You know him?” 
“Well not personally of course. That’s him, the managing director. He works from our home town actually, but now that this resort is opening, they say he’s going to spend most of his time here. You weren’t in the area when the news first came out about him wanting to build a resort here. Everyone thought it was going to be a major flop. It just goes to show how much influence that man has. He’s so gorgeous, I feel faint just looking at him... Oh my, he’s coming this way.” 
Natalie let Tina cling to her arm, wondering if she really was going to pass out on her. He’s only a man for goodness sake. So what if he’s even wealthier than she thought, and in charge of the entire show. There’s nothing to be intimidated about, but even Natalie couldn’t help feeling daunted by the innate power and dominance Karl Messer exuded. 
“I’m sorry for neglecting you like that, Natalie, but it’s time to go inside for dinner,” he said, extending his hand to her. 
She ignored it and said; “That’s all right. When one has an important job to do, little hangers on like me are hardly important.” Which made her wonder why on earth he’d asked her, when it was obvious the leggy blonde would have jumped at the opportunity.
“You two know each other?” Tina squeaked from beside her. 
“Put it this way, I’m only here because of a binding business arrangement,” Natalie replied.
When she still didn’t accept his outstretched hand, Karl took hers in his, linking it through the crock of his arm. He kept his other hand over hers, so she had no choice but to walk away from Tina with him.
“Why didn’t you tell me what this was all about?” she demanded, as they headed for the function hall. He still had his hand over hers, and she was conscious of the warmth of his long fingers and the strength of his arm through the fine materiel of his jacket.
“I thought you would have known,” he answered casually. “It’s been in all the papers.” 
Suddenly a bright light flashed in front of her eyes, momentarily blinding her. She blinked, and saw a newspaper man with a camera wink at her. Natalie realized that absolutely everyone was staring at her.
So much for remaining inconspicuous and hiding behind the pot plants! 
She was still reeling in amazement when Karl escorted her to the head table. Gratefully she sank into the seat he held out for her. Natalie paid little attention to the local press, so the fact she was accompanying the managing director of a prestigious new resort to its opening night was really most disturbing. 
Arrogant real estate agents she could handle, but millionaire property developers were a different kettle of fish altogether. Being in the spotlight like this was more than she could handle, making her wish she could just disappear under the table, but this wasn’t to be as Karl introduced her to the other people at the table, including the mayor of Nowra and his wife sitting several seats down. 
Now she wished she had paid more attention to the local news, as she nodded politely to everyone, hoping they weren’t going to engage her in too much conversation, because she had absolutely no idea what to say to them. She felt so tense she wanted to scream.
When their entrees arrived Karl calmly explained the program for the evening, but Natalie was unable to enjoy the beautifully prepared meal. She felt so self-conscious sitting at the head table with all those people staring at her. Several more photos were taken of her and Karl, who seemed well aware of her distress and deliberately placed his arm around her shoulders for one of the shots. His touch felt like fire against her skin.
I am going to set Adolf onto him, she thought hotly. As she shook off his arm, she was certain beyond a doubt he’d only asked her to accompany him to make her endure a situation way out of her depth.
Sitting through the speeches was a relief of sorts, for everyone’s attention was focused on the speaker. Karl, of course, got up to have his say. As he spoke, Natalie learned that the resort had fifteen self-contained apartments and thirty-five hotel rooms. Being close to the town meant that the locals could also make use of the restaurant and function room. There were twenty full-time staff and thirty casuals; in short a multi-million dollar venture. He concluded his speech by saying that due to their excellent advertising campaign they were already fully booked for the upcoming holiday season. 
More photographs were taken. Then the Mayor cut the ribbon, officially declaring The Marigold Resort open. Finally it was announced that the informal part of the evening would shortly commence, and the band started playing a recent chart topper. Natalie supposed it was because so many young people were working there that they had chosen this type of music. Recalling what Tina had said about finally finding a job, she was glad only locals had gained employment. 
Karl returned to the table and motioned for her to join him on the dance floor. As she was a bit stiff from sitting for so long she accompanied him. At least with rock and roll there was no need for any physical contact with one’s partner. He was a good dancer, moving easily to the beat, making her wonder again how old he was. 
They were well into the third number when a man tapped Karl on the shoulder, telling him something Natalie couldn’t hear above the loud music. 
“I’m sorry Natalie. The Mayor is leaving. His wife hasn’t been well lately. I must go and say goodbye to them,” he told her. 
“Sure, business before pleasure,” she quipped, but doubted he’d heard her. 
As he walked away, Natalie decided to find the ladies room. It was empty when she entered. She surveyed her appearance in the mirror, deciding to touch up her lipstick.
The door swung open as Natalie turned away from her reflection, and the platinum blonde she’d seen with Karl earlier sashayed into the powder room. 
“If it isn’t Karl’s latest sweetheart,” she remarked sarcastically. 
“I am not,” Natalie demurred, wondering how someone could walk into a room and immediately declare something like that. 
“You can’t half tell the way he’s been looking at you all evening.” 
Natalie hadn’t noticed any such thing. Perhaps it just looked that way because this woman was jealous. It was pretty obvious she wanted Karl for herself.
“He won’t stay interested in you for long, you know,” she woman went on. 
“Look, I don’t really care who he’s interested in. If you want him, go get him. I’m not going to stand in your way,” Natalie retorted irritably, and turned to leave the room. 
“What?” she gasped. 
“I said — “
“I know what you said. I simply don’t believe it. You realize he’s the most eligible bachelor in the district, and probably also the richest.” 
“I couldn’t care less. I’m not interested in Karl Messer, so if you want him, you’re welcome to him.” 
She still didn’t look convinced. “Do you really mean that?” 
“I wouldn’t have said it if I didn’t.” As she left the room, Natalie had a sneaking suspicion the other reason Karl had asked her instead of the blonde, was because he knew Natalie didn’t consider him potential husband materiel. Now that she knew how rich he really was, Natalie was out of the race anyway, even if she wanted to be in contention, which of course she didn’t. He was even less the right man for her than Rick had been, and for a moment she wished she was at home talking to her ghost. At least he seemed to understand her.
Most of the people were on the dance floor, but Natalie couldn’t see Karl anywhere, so she headed outside to explore the grounds of the resort. It was unlikely she‘d ever be back.
She headed past the swimming pool, then the tennis courts. A path led down to the beach and Natalie decided to follow it. It was a balmy evening, and the cool breeze felt refreshing on her bare arms. When she reached the end of the path she stopped and sat down on the concrete step, slipping her feet out of her mother’s uncomfortable shoes. 
Absentmindedly she watched the waves foaming against the shore in the moonlight. The accompanying sound was soothing, but Natalie knew how treacherous the ocean could be, lulling people into a false sense of security. That thought made her shiver, and she wrapped her arms about her bare shoulders.
Several minutes later she heard voices, as people came down the path, a young couple, and the woman already had her shoes dangling in one hand. 
“Oh, there you are. Mr Messer’s been looking for you,” the man said as they stepped past her. 
Natalie watched them dash across the sand. Isn’t young love grand, she thought cynically as they embraced one-another. There had been a time when Rick had hugged and kissed her on the beach, but that part of their relationship hadn’t lasted. Rick simply hadn’t been interested in romance. Where Natalie had wanted sharing, togetherness and love, Rick had wanted sex. 
Hurriedly she banished those depressing thoughts, and turned to retrace her steps, wondering why Karl was concerned about her whereabouts. Surely he was too busy to be bothered with her. 
She saw him the moment she entered the hall. He had the blonde by his side. So much for looking for Natalie! She turned and went to sit on one of the benches on the terrace, wondering if she should seek Tina out. At least she had something in common with her. It would also make the night pass quicker. The sooner she could bid the great resort owner goodnight the better.
He must have seen her in the entrance to the hall, for a few moments later he was standing in front of her, his blue eyes cold, and frown on his brow. She’d obviously done something to irritate him. 
“Where have you been?” he demanded. 
“I just went for a walk.” 
“You’re supposed to be here with me, not going off on your own. I want you to come with me,” Karl commanded. 
“Sieg Heil!” she said. She was about to give him a Nazi solute, but he took hold of her arm. Once she was on her feet, he didn’t relinquish his hold of her until they were inside. The band was playing a slow romantic number, and to her surprise and dismay, Natalie realized that he wanted to dance with her. Out of the corner of her eye she saw the other woman scowl disdainfully at her. 
“Do you realize you’ve just made a certain lady very unhappy?” Natalie said, once they had joined the couples on the dance floor. 
“Yes, that’s something I want to talk to you about,” he replied, as he drew her to him. It had been months since she’d danced like this, and for a moment she moved uncertainly. Karl’s hold around her waist tightened, until she was so close to him they were almost touching. Not wanting to accidentally come in contact with any part of his body, she shifted awkwardly in an attempt to maintain a decorous distance between them. 
“I wish you would stop fighting me at every turn, Natalie,” he murmured against her ear. The feel of his warm breath on her cheek made her skin tingle. “I’m not going to eat you, for goodness sake.” 
“I’m glad to hear it, because if you so much as try anything, I’m letting Adolf make a meal out if you.” 
“Ach Natalie. All I want is for us to dance together,” he groaned. “I wish you hadn’t spoken to that woman. She’s one of the advertising reps for this establishment, and on the look out for a rich husband. I have no room in my life for women like that.” 
No room for anything permanent you mean, Natalie thought caustically, but for once decided to keep her opinions to herself. Being so close to him overwhelmed her. A pleasant tingling sensation had lodged itself in her blood stream, sending tiny fires flickering through her veins, and as much as she tried to ignore them, they refused to go away. 
She didn’t even like the man, so why he hell was her body responding to him? 
It’s only his good looks, she told herself, which meant she was as weak as the rest of the female population who pined for the Karl Messers of this world. At least she hadn’t at any stage made her vulnerability known to him. 
“I look at you and see nature’s perfection, Natalie. Forgive me if I’m sounding like a cliche again, but I will buy a new phrase book if you so desire,” he whispered against her hair, drawing her closer still, till the lower half of their bodies fused. The feel of his firm, hard thighs against her own sent a frisson so intense through her it almost made her gasp out loud. 
“It won’t make any difference, Karl,” she retorted, forcing the unwanted sensations down. “Because you are a walking cliche.” 
He moved so that he could look directly into her eyes, but didn’t lessen his firm hold of her. They were glittering not with anger, as she would have expected, but a burning desire which turned them almost silver. 
“And you don’t like clichés, do you? Then tell me why your body isn’t agreeing with you?” His eyes dropped.
Natalie’s own gaze followed them to her cleavage. The hard peaks of her nipples were outlined against the bodice of her dress, showing clearly the effect he was having on her. 
She was about to hurl her outrage at him, when he ground his hips against hers, rekindling the fire in her veins with such a vengeance she did gasp out loud. “Oooh!” 
“Yes Oooh,” he mimicked. “Our bodies will always tell us what our minds try to deny. Your siren’s body wants me, but your angel’s face still wants to believe I’m despicable, without morals, a walking cliche, and above all else, not a nice person whom you want to feed to your Alsatian. Have I left any out?” 
Natalie shook her head, realizing with a jolt that she really had offended him with her incessant name calling. Why else would he have recited every single one of them? 
“I’m sorry,” she murmured, still not daring to look at him. She felt one of his hands slowly slide up her back. Then he trailed his fingers across her shoulder, once again making her shiver with pleasure. They came to rest under her chin, tilting her head back, compelling her to meet his eyes, which were still more silver than blue, and beautiful enough to drown in. 
“So, shall we see the rest of this night through without arguing, hmm?” he whispered, his warm mouth caressing her cheek. 
Silently she nodded, letting her lids drop as they continued to sway slowly to the music. She didn’t need to see, not when all her other senses were responding for her. His thighs continued to brush seductively against hers, making her aware of his own increasing desire. Karl Messer, the great resort owner had the hots for Natalie Scott, child care worker on an average award wage. She felt strangely exhilarated by this knowledge, but knew that this was as far as things would go between them. There was no way she was adding her name to his long list of conquests. Despite what her traitorous body said, the angel would control the siren. 
As though in response to her thoughts, the lead singer announced that had been their last number for the night and slowly, almost reluctantly Karl lessened his hold on her. 
“I think it’s time we left,” he said, sliding one of his hands down her arm to link his fingers through hers. “We’ll go and say goodbye.” 
“Fine by me,” Natalie replied, suddenly not so sure she did want the evening to end. She had to admit she’d enjoyed swaying to the music in Karl’s arms. Rick had never taken her dancing, probably because he didn’t even know how, making Natalie realize how much she’d missed it. 
Karl didn’t let go of her hand as they stopped to bid various people farewell. They all wanted to congratulate Karl on how well the evening had gone, so it was close to half an hour before they headed for the car park. And they all told her how nice it was to meet her, and how they hoped to see her again soon. Somehow they appeared to be under the impression that she and Karl were an item, probably because he was keeping such a firm hold of her.
On their way out, Natalie caught one last glimpse of Tina staring at Karl and herself. To Tina it would undoubtedly be the highest honor being in the company of the Big Boss - and holding his hand.
He didn’t let go of her until they reached his car, and suddenly she felt cold. She didn’t stop shivering until she was inside the vehicle.
They were underway before Karl spoke to her again. “I am so relieved that’s over and done with.” 
“I got the impression you revel in that kind of limelight,” she couldn’t help imparting.
“And I thought you might enjoy a little of the attention yourself,” he replied.
“Then you don’t know me very well, do you?”
He sighed. “You really are determined to dislike me, aren’t you?” 
It was then she realized how unfair she was being to him. Maybe all he’d really wanted to do was take her out so she could have a good time. She supposed getting the resort up and running would have involved a great deal of planning and organization. He was probably quite exhausted by now.
“Well, maybe just a little,” she said in way of appeasement, and then added; “Somebody tonight mentioned that you’re intending on spending most of your time at the resort now that’s its open. What will happen to your real estate business?” 
“People seem to like spreading rumors about me, but that is one which is true. My father and I are winding the business up. He’s almost sixty-two and wants to do some more travelling before he gets too old. He’s getting married in the new year and then he and his wife are going to see the world together,” Karl explained, sounding almost as though he was the one turning sixty-two. 
Natalie couldn’t believe Dieter Messer was already in his sixties. If Karl had inherited all his genes, as he appeared to have, he too would age well. “Who’s he marrying?” she asked, and wondered for the first time what had happened to Karl’s mother. 
“Tania Vella. She runs one of the travel agencies in town.” 
“I know her!” Natalie exclaimed. Tania Vella was a very attractive woman in her early fifties who had been a close friend of her mother’s. Her husband had died of lung cancer about five years ago. Natalie realized she was more out of touch with the town’s gossip than she thought. 
“Most people do. I’m glad he’s found happiness at last,” Karl said emphatically, and as though sensing her curiosity about his mother, went on, “Mutti died eleven years ago in a car accident in Germany. Papa was heart-broken. We all were. His way of coping was to emigrate and get away from it all. Because I was so worried about him I decided to follow him. I merely wanted to ensure he was all right, and ten years later, as you can see, I’m still here.” 
“How long have you been in Ulladulla? You weren’t here when I moved to Sydney.” 
“About four years. We were both trained in real estate in Germany, and when we came out here we upgraded our qualifications. I also have a business degree. I always saw real estate as a stepping stone to something better.” 
“And now you have it - a prestigious new holiday resort,” Natalie finished for him. 
“Yes, and if all goes well, there will be another built further south towards Batemans Bay.” 
She just couldn’t help herself. “You’ll have quite an empire then, won’t you?” 
“Material wealth doesn’t impress you, does it Natalie?” he asked somberly. 
“Not when it comes at the expense of everything else.” 
“And what’s that supposed to mean?” 
“I work with children. To watch them learn and enjoy their happy little games gives me all the pleasure I need.” 
“And to live in a cottage by the sea?” 
“Yes.” 
“Is that all, Natalie? They are other people’s children after all.” 
She glanced sideways at him, but his eyes were still fixed on the road ahead, so she was unable to read his expression, not that he ever gave much about himself away. Just like Rick. She was certain beyond a doubt now she never wanted to have his children, even if he did turn up on her doorstep begging her to come back to him. 
“For now, yes,” was all she said. 
“You can always give them back at the end of the day, can’t you?” 
Natalie was stunned by his biting tone, and decided not to pursue that line of conversation. Undoubtedly he had so little to do with children if he was given a temperamental two year old to look after he’d have no idea what to do with the tot. No wonder he was so determined to stay single. The prospect of screaming infants would never fit in with his high-flying life style. 
They reached the turn off to the cottage, and before she knew it he was angling the Mercedes down the drive of her new home. Natalie already had her bag in her hand when he turned the engine off. In the moonlight she could see the outline of the ocean behind the even darker outline of the cottage. 
“It was an interesting evening...” Natalie began. 
“Yes, that it was,” he replied, leaning towards her. He isn’t going to kiss me is he? she wondered, turning her face away. She reached for the door handle. Dancing with him was one thing, but kissing was definitely out. 
“Natalie!” It was the way he spoke her name that did it. His heavily accented voice made it sound so seductive, as though he loved saying it. It compelled her to turn and face him, and a second later his lips brushed against her cheek, inching towards her mouth. 
He was going to kiss her, and Natalie was helpless to stop him. Like on the dance floor, she was overcome with waves of heat pulsing through her veins. Not even Rick had evoked such intense responses, and Natalie couldn’t understand why someone she didn’t even like was sending her senses reeling simply by being so near. 
When his lips finally did brush against her own, she trembled. For a man with a hard, uncompromising mouth, his lips were incredibly warm and soft. One of his hands came up to caress her slender neck as he deepened the kiss. His hot tongue teased her parted lips, before meeting with her own in a truly provocative way. 
It had to be the way he was kissing her, with a slow deliberate sensuousness that filled every nerve ending, every pore. Too overcome with sweet sensation to return the ardent demands of his mouth, she sunk back in the soft leather seat, allowing him to work his magic on her. 
Natalie heard herself groan out loud with regret when his mouth left hers, but he only moved to trail his hot, searching lips back across her cheek. He kissed his way down the column of her neck to the sensitive little hollow above her collar bone. 
She reached out to grip his hair. It was as thick and soft as it looked, and tickled her as he nipped and licked her inflames flesh. She was on fire, burning for a man completely out of her league.
At that though, she managed to draw back from the vortex of erotic sensations she was perilously close to tumbling into. 
“Please stop,” she mumbled against his ear. “This... this wasn’t part of the deal.” 
Very slowly he lifted his head to look at her. His eyes glittered in the moonlight, melting into hers like quick-silver. 
“I know, but you’re just too irresistible, Natalie Scott,” he murmured, stroking her cheek with the back of his hand. “I think I will like getting to know you better.” 
“I’ve fulfilled my side of the bargain. What else do you want me to do?” 
“Another kiss?” he suggested, flashing her a wicked little grin. 
He was a devil, she decided. How else could he beguile her into doing so many things against her will in such a short space of time? That come hither look of his didn’t help matters either. 
“I think I’d better go in before this goes any further,” she said, placing her hand against his wide chest to push him away. “Good night Mr Messer.” 
The formal way she said his name seemed to do it. He straightened and sat back in his seat.
Natalie managed to get the door open, and scrambled out of the car, but it wasn’t until she started walking towards the house that she became aware of how weak and light-headed his passionate embrace had left her. 
Adolf started barking the moment she stepped on to the veranda. 
“It’s only me, mutt. Shut up.” At the sound of her voice he gave one more throaty bark and slunk off into the darkness. 
It wasn’t until she was inside and had turned several lights on that she heard the engine of the Mercedes start up. She listened as he reversed the car back up to the road and drove away. 
Then she trudged wearily into her bedroom and stopped in front of the dresser to remove her jewelry. Her face was flushed when she caught sight of her reflection in the mirror. She had just been kissed after all, and what a kiss it had been! No wonder women flocked around him in droves. He had perfected seduction into an art form. He knew exactly how to make women respond to him, and Natalie had been as malleable as the rest of them. 
The last thing she wanted or needed was for Sean to appear out of nowhere behind her. It startled her so that she dropped the necklace on the floor.
“So Natalie Scott doesn’t hate Mr Messer any more?” he said in a rather snide tone.
“What?” she gasped, bending down to retrieve her necklace. She placed it on the dressing table.
“I know the look of a woman who’s just been kissed.”
“Oh, do you now? And what business is it of yours anyway? It’s not like I can kiss you.”
For a moment he looked shocked, then sad, before he melted away before her very eyes.
“Well it’s true,” she muttered, realizing at once what his problem was. 
Sean was jealous.
Things were getting too complicated for her liking. Natalie had rented this cottage to get away from stress and emotional entanglements. But she just seemed to be encountering one problem after another.
CHAPTER FIVE
Things became even more complicated when Natalie was confronted with the front page of the next edition of the local newspaper.
Natalie and Debbie arrived for work at the same time. While Natalie unlocked the front door, Debbie picked up the paper lying on the steps. 
“Coffee?” Debbie said over her shoulder, as she walked into the kitchen with the paper tucked under her arm. 
“Yes thanks,” Natalie called back as she headed to tidy up the front play room. They had been too tired the previous evening to bother with it and there were toys everywhere. 
She had the room in some semblance of order when she heard Debbie shriek from the back of the house. Fearing the worst, she sprinted down the hall. 
When she stopped in the doorway of the kitchen she saw Debbie standing in front of the table, staring down at the newspaper with a stunned expression on her face. “I thought you’d spilled coffee all over yourself,” she muttered, noticing the two steaming mugs on the bench top. 
“If I’d been holding it when I saw this I very well could have. What on earth were you doing on Saturday night?” She jabbed a finger at the paper. Natalie went to stand beside her and read the headline. 
NEW RESORT OPENS IN SHOALHAVEN DISTRICT
GREAT FOR TOURISM
ONLY LOCALS EMPLOYED
Under this was a picture of the resort itself. Below that was a smaller photo of the Mayor declaring it officially open. It was the one beside that which made Natalie’s stomach lurch. 
“Resort owner, Karl Messer, gazes longingly at his companion, local Ulladulla beauty, Natalie Scott,” Debbie read, adding cynically, “It looks more like he’s leering at you.” 
When Natalie looked more closely at the picture, she realized it was the one taken by the camera man when Karl had put his arm around her shoulders. She had a startled expression on her face, whereas he looked smugly satisfied with himself. And he was looking at her, his face side on to the camera, displaying his handsome profile. All kinds of interpretations could be placed on that photo, and in a town the size of Ulladulla she was bound to receive her fair share of unwanted attention. 
“Was that part of the deal to get the cottage?” Debbie demanded. 
Natalie nodded solemnly, glancing at the photo again. She had to admit she didn’t look too bad, and the fact that she’d been dubbed a local beauty did give her a small jolt of pleasure. 
“What are our mothers going to say about one of our supposedly respectable workers being seen in the arms of the town’s most renowned womanizer?” 
“Oh dear!” Natalie hadn’t thought of that. 
“Yes. Oh dear. You got your cottage, but at what price?” 
“It was only one night out. I’m never going to see him again. Well, only in a professional capacity.” 
“You could have at least been a bit more discrete about it.” 
“I had no idea it was such an important event. I didn’t even know he owned the place until we got there.” 
Debbie merely rolled the paper up and hit Natalie over the head with it. “I believe you of course. I only hope the rest of the community is going to be as lenient as I am.” 
They sat down to drink their coffee, and Natalie decided that he’d done it all on purpose. She’d been giving him a hard time and he’d decided to pay her back with unwanted attention for all the wrong reasons. Everyone was going to assume she was his most recent piece of fluff and brand her a tart. It made her regret even more the wanton way she’d responded to his artful kisses and caresses. 
There was no time to think about it now. The first child had arrived. As they and their harried mothers filed in, Natalie realized they had all been too busy to read the newspaper. 
By the end of the day of course many of them had. Several cast Natalie curious glances. Two commented on it, asking her whether she’d enjoyed all the attention. It was only Abigail who glared at her disdainfully when Natalie passed a sleepy Trent to her. 
“I hope you don’t think you’re going to get anywhere with him,” she said, as she secured the little boy on her hip. 
“I only went to see what it was like to be part of a fancy do. Besides he hardly spoke to me all evening. He just did that for the camera,” Natalie replied blithely. 
“I thought you had better sense than that. I’m certain Trent is the only reason he didn’t want to see me any more... Never mind. I’d better go.” 
Natalie saw tears welling in her eyes as she left the room, making her more certain than ever she never wanted to get involved with the man herself. 
As the week went by Natalie was often stopped in the street by people wanting to talk to her about the grand opening. Some were bold enough to ask her if there was anything going on between herself and the resort’s owner. Denying it outright didn’t work of course, so she merely gave a flippant remark similar to the one she’d given Abigail. 
By Friday she’d had enough, and headed home for a peaceful weekend at her cottage. 
She was preparing dinner for Debbie and Lindsey, when Adolf lunged into a frenzied bark-a-thon. It was only five-thirty. Her guests weren’t due for another hour.
Through the screen door she saw a tall blonde man coming up the stairs. It took her a moment to recognize Karl for she’d never seen him in casual attire before. Even through the gauze she could see how the jeans hugged his long lean legs, drawing attention to their strength. The pale blue short-sleeved, knit shirt he was wearing did nothing to hide an incredibly muscular torso.
“The terms of the lease say you’re supposed to give me twenty-four hours notice before coming to inspect the property,” she announced, unlocking the screen door, trying to keep her eyes on his face and off his body. That didn’t help her equilibrium either, since his face was just as good to look at as the rest of him.
Think of Sean, she ordered herself. He’s just as good looking. But he’s not real. This man is. More than real, she couldn’t help thinking, as she peered up into his deep blue eyes, and that sensual mouth which had kissed her so expertly.
“I’m glad you’ve read it, but I’m not here to inspect the property. I want to talk to you about some other reading material which was circulated around town this week. You’ve seen it, I take it?” 
“How could I miss it when it was splayed all over the front page? I’m sure you revel in that kind of publicity, but it didn’t do my reputation an ounce of good,” she snapped. In fact she was downright fed up with people confronting her with it. Several of the mothers were worried about leaving their children in the care of someone who hob-nobbed with the town’s resident rake. Even Sophie had expressed her concern, warning her not to draw any more attention like that to herself again. She had as good as said her job was on the line if it affected the centre. 
“Can I come in? I don’t particularly like conversing on the doorstep with Fangs out there thirsting for my blood.” He smiled wryly. 
Natalie stepped back to allow him past. “I don’t really blame him. I feel like doing the same to you myself.” 
“I knew the event would draw publicity, but I never intended it to hurt you.” 
“Didn’t you? I work with people’s children. If they start thinking they’re being looked after by someone with a dubious reputation, I’m out of a job. No, I suppose you never thought of that when you started parading me around in front of the cameras.” 
“Actually I did. That’s why I’m here, to make sure everything is all right.” But Natalie suspected he’d come for an entirely different reason, to take up where they’d left off in his fancy car.
“I appreciate your concern,” she said. “But so far I’m still employed, and hopefully in another week or two people will find something else to talk about.” 
“You seem to hate gossip as much as I do. If anything does happen to your job, promise you’ll come and tell me. I don’t want to see you hurt because of anything I did.” 
Natalie met his gaze and saw that he did mean what he said. There was another side to this aloof and commanding individual, a side that cared about those more unfortunate than himself. He, of course, would have the power to help her find another job - at his resort no doubt, but Natalie would never indebt herself to Karl Messer, so she lied and told him if there were any problems he’d be the first to know. 
She could tell he knew she was only saying it for his benefit, for he took another step closer, and reached out to push a long strand of her dark hair back behind her ear. As with every other time he’d touched her, a sizzling current of heat danced across her skin, into her pores, and through her body.
“I do care about your welfare, Natalie. Will you believe me?” As he dropped his hand back to his side, he smiled, a truly gentle smile, which reached his silver-blue eyes. It was enough to melt her defenses once and for all. The man was too damned gorgeous for his own good. 
“I believe you,” she murmured weakly. 
“I’m glad, and I like your hair out.” 
“Now, I’m afraid I have to send you on your merry way. I’m expecting guests and don’t want to serve them charcoal,” she said quickly, as he reached to touch her hair again. She’d be in his arms for sure if she didn’t get him out of her sight quick smart.
“Of course. I’ll be seeing you. Goodbye Natalie.” To her surprise he took her hand instead, bringing it to his mouth. His soft lips grazed her knuckles before she managed to snatch it away, once again feeling that fire of desire sizzle through her. 
They stood there gazing at one another for a moment, until he slowly turned on his heel to walk out of the door. Adolf immediately resumed his tirade. 
Natalie knew he’d wanted to stay, that he had more in mind than checking on her welfare. What was it about Karl Messer that had her all churned up inside, wanting him and disliking him at the same time? 
Natalie’s life did eventually return to normal, well as normal as life with a ghost in residence could be. She never knew when Sean was going to appear. After disappearing in a huff the night the resort opened, she didn’t see him for over a week, and started wondering if she really had seen the last of him. But the following Thursday night he materialized on the lounge beside her while she was watching a movie.
It startled her, making her jump. 
“I wish you wouldn’t do that,” she snapped at him. “It’s really disconcerting.”
“Sorry,” he mumbled. “And I’m also sorry for interfering in your life the other day. I had no right to react like that… Sometimes I forget I’m just a spirit, wondering why I’m still adrift and lost between worlds.”
His admission almost broke her heart, and she was just about to reach out to him, when she thought better of it, letting her hand drop back into her lap. She longed to touch him, to comfort him, and it upset her that she couldn’t. Surely there was something she could do for the poor man, something to help him find his way to where he belonged.
“Tell me about your life, Natalie,” he said suddenly. “What do ye do? Are you one of those modern lasses with a career?” He placed extra emphasis on the word career, as though it sounded foreign to him, which she supposed it did.
“I don’t know if it could be called a career exactly, but I had to study for three years to get my qualifications. I’m a child care worker. I look after other women’s children while they go to work.”
“And ye need to study three years to do that?” he asked in surprise, “When most lasses have been doing it for centuries just learning from their Mas and their Grandmas.”
When she thought about his comment, she found it doubly hard to explain all the intricacies of what she did each day. “Well, I don’t just look after the children, I’m also their teacher. I design educational programs for them, write reports, do accounts.”
“Easier to have your own, wouldn’t ye say?”
“No it’s not. Who’s going to pay my wages for a start?”
“Yer husband. When ye find one, that is,” he added hurriedly.
“These days both members of the couple have to work, unless one marries a millionaire.” Like Karl Messer, she couldn’t help thinking. That resort of his had to be worth a pretty penny. 
“Things are so expensive these days,” she continued. “We can’t just go and build a house like you did, grow veggies and go fishing for our supper.” Gee, why am I trying to explain this to a ghost from another era? she thought. I need my head examined. 
“Life is just so complicated,” she added lamely. “And tomorrow I have to go back to work, and look after all those other people’s children, so if you don’t mind I think I’ll turn in. Tomorrow night you can tell me all about your life.” she suggested.
“Aye, that I could. Good night then, Natalie.”
She left the TV on for him and headed to her room.
Sleep was a long time coming though, but eventually the ocean’s eternal crescendo lulled her into the land of nod, where she dreamed that Sean had become a real flesh and blood man, a man she took into her arms, and kissed with delight. 
But part way through their passionate embrace he turned into Karl Messer. 
The shock if it made her run from him. He came after her as she fled, calling out her name in his heavily accented voice. 
Behind her she heard barking, and turned to see a huge black dog bare vicious fangs at her, neither Karl nor Sean anywhere in sight.
The barking woke her, and she lay shivering in the darkness. 
As the horror of it ebbed away, she became aware of a storm raging outside, and Adolf howling indignantly at it.
Suddenly a loud crack outside almost deafened her. It was followed by the sound of shattering glass. 
Natalie screamed. and buried her head under the covers. She knew something had broken, but she was too terrified to move, let alone get out of bed to investigate.
“Don’t be afraid, Natalie,” she heard Sean say from beside her bed.
She peered out from under the doona at him where he stood, concern softening his angular features.
More thunder stampeded across the heavens, and Natalie ducked back under the covers.
“I wish I could comfort you,” he murmured sadly.
So did she. She really could to with a pair of strong comforting arms right about now.
“But all I can offer you is words. ‘Twill be over soon, I’m sure of it.”
“What the hell smashed out there? Can’t you go and have a look?” Natalie urged from underneath her covers.
“’Twas a window.”
“Oh great,” she muttered. “That’s all I need.”
 “Never fear, Natalie. You’re safe in your bed. Naught shall befall you.”
“If you can’t comfort me, then just shut up,” she cried, pressing her palms against her ears, trying to drown out the tempest. 
It seemed to go on for hours, but finally it eased, till all she could hear was the rain pelting against the bedroom window, and of course Adolf’s frantic barking.
When she dared to lower her doona she saw that Sean had gone. Natalie rubbed her weary eyes. I don’t think I want too many more nights like this, she thought crankily to herself. I can’t handle all those kids with so little sleep.
She must have drifted back to sleep eventually, for the next time she opened her eyes it was daylight, and the rain had abated, so she scrambled wearily out of bed and headed for the kitchen for her caffeine fix. 
What she saw when she entered the living room made her groan out loud in dismay. Now she knew what the breaking glass had been. Two of the side windows had shattered, allowing the rain in to create an enormous puddle on the carpet.
She gave up on the coffee and carefully started picking up broken pieces of glass. Once she had them lying in a neat pile, she pulled out every towel in the place to try and mop up the saturated carpet. 
That completed, she decided to ring work and tell them she’d be late. On picking up the receiver she discovered the line was dead. The storm must have damaged the wires, so there was no point in ringing Messers’ Realty either to organize repairs. She discovered that the power had been cut when she tried to boil the jug. All she could do now was get dressed and drive into town.
No power, no phone, broken windows and soaked carpet she could handle, but seeing a massive tree lying across the driveway blocking the garage made her throw her hands up in absolute despair. Tears stung her eyes. There was no way that could be moved without the aid of several strong men and a chain saw. 
Natalie possessed an avid imagination, but she didn’t normally believe in omens. As she stood there staring at the uprooted tree, she wondered if someone was trying to tell her something. 
Like get the hell out of this house before it kills you.
Judging by the black and decaying roots, the tree was riddled with white ants. If the wind had been blowing in the other direction, it could very well have fallen on the house. 
Get a grip, Nat. You can handle this. 
It started to drizzle again, so she went back inside to work out what to do next. The phone was still dead, at which point, she wished she had forked out the money for a mobile.
Grabbing an umbrella she decided to pay her neighbors a visit. Perhaps someone would be heading into town. Adolf, she noticed, had returned to his kennel and was curled up fast asleep. She refilled his food dish and water bowl without him even noticing. After chorusing half the night with the wind he was no doubt exhausted. 
Natalie trudged wearily up to the next house. Her knock was answered by a middle-aged woman with her hair in rollers. Natalie was surprised to see that people still put themselves through such discomfort, and had to stifle a giggle. 
“Hi. I’m Natalie Scott. I’m renting the cottage next door. I was going to introduce myself sooner, but...” 
“A disaster always does seem to unite people. My name is Mavis Rogers. I saw you sunning yourself on the lawn on the weekend,” the older woman replied. She struck Natalie as the type of person who would stand peeping through a parted curtain for hours watching for dubious going-ons. Natalie was tempted to tell her she was unlikely to receive much entertainment from her side of the fence, not unless she could see Sean. Since it seemed Natalie was the only one who could, and she always drew the curtains, Mavis was unlikely to wonder why it sometimes looked like her neighbor was talking to herself.
“Would you believe a tree fell across the driveway, so I can’t get my car out of the garage,” Natalie explained. 
“Oh dear. It’ll be some time before much can be done about it. I just heard the report on the radio. I had to get the old battery-operated tranny out on account of there being no power. They’ve got the State Emergency guys repairing the damage. Our yard is a terrible mess. If we’d known you wanted to go out I would have told my husband to wait. He only just left.” 
That meant Natalie would have to try another neighbor. “Did the report give any indication as to how long it will be before the power is restored?” 
“No. You know what the radio’s like, sensationalizing everything without actually giving any real news.” 
“My sentiments exactly,” she muttered, thinking of a certain newspaper article heralding the opening of a certain resort. Mavis Rogers struck her as the type of person who would thrive on sensationalism, but perhaps the curlers were misleading. 
Just then a car horn sounded from the road, and both women turned to see a shiny blue BMW sedan pull up outside Mavis’s house. It wasn’t until the driver stuck his blonde head out of the window that Natalie realized who it was. She should have known Karl would be out surveying his rented properties for damage, and that he would own more than one expensive car. 
“Friend of yours?” Mavis queried, raising her eyebrows curiously, and Natalie decided she was the snoopy gossiping type. 
“No, the real estate agent,” she replied. And he’s not going to like what he sees at the cottage one little bit, she added silently. “At least now I’ve got a lift into town.” 
“Nice to meet you Natalie. We’ll catch up some time.” 
Natalie gave her a little wave and hurried towards the car. 
“I was just down there looking at the house. Looks like the storm hit you pretty badly,” he said, when she stopped in front of his open window. 
In more ways than one, she thought, remembering first the terrifying dream of him and Sean, followed by the shattering glass, the deafening crashes of thunder and the blinding flashes of lightning. 
Karl must have noticed her troubled expression, for the feel of his warm hand on her arm compelled her to look back down at him. 
“Did it frighten you?” he asked, concern softening the hard lines of his handsome face. 
Natalie shuddered, more from his touch and tender look, but his grip tightened nevertheless. “I don’t like storms very much,” she admitted. 
“They’re not very nice. I suppose you’re wanting to go to work?” 
“Yes, of course,” she said hurriedly, in case he thought she couldn’t handle living here on her own. And stop looking at me like that before I actually start liking you, she added mentally.
“They’ve restored the power to the town, but it could be a few hours before they fix the circuit out here. I’ve organized someone to come out and board up your windows this morning, but unfortunately the glazier can’t come until Monday. I can’t get the tree moved until then either. I think you should spend the night in town.” 
“What about Adolf?” 
“He can survive a night on his own, can’t he? Perhaps I could feed him when the repair men come. That is if he won’t bite me. He growled pretty ferociously when I was there a few minutes ago.” 
“Adolf’s all bark. He doesn’t bite. Besides, he’s used to your scent now. If you have a can of dog food in your hand he’ll probably slobber all over you. Just don’t inform any prospective burglars of that. Adolf responds far too readily to bribery.” 
“Like some people it seems. Hop in then. I’ll run you into town.” He let go of her arm, and as Natalie walked around the car, she noticed that Mavis was still standing on her front porch watching them. 
It was after ten when they arrived at the centre. As she prepared to alight from the car, Natalie felt Karl’s warm hand curl around hers, once again sending her senses reeling. She couldn’t think straight when he touched her. Rick had never made her feel this much desire, even when they’d gotten naked together. But then Rick didn’t look anywhere near as good as Karl. Neither did he have his charisma.
“What time do you finish?” Karl asked, his thumb caressing the back of her hand. 
“It… it depends on what time the last parent comes to pick their child up… Usually around six,” she murmured, her mind a blurred haze.
He gave her fingers a little squeeze. If it had been anyone else she would have thought they were trying to reassure her. Perhaps he was. He had offered to help her if there were any adverse after-effect from the newspaper article. Clearing his conscience, no doubt, but here he was touching her again, and it was all too easy to respond, particularly as the memory of his devastating kiss refused to go away. 
Hurriedly she pulled her hand from his, reminding herself of the unequal nature of their relationship, and the gossip that abounded about him. He was an outrageous flirt, that was all, and a womanizer in the first degree. Wasn’t that what everybody said? She had definitely had too little sleep if she was starting to warm towards Karl Messer.
“I’ll come to take you home then,” he said, as she reached for the door handle. 
“What?” she gasped. “You… you don’t have to do that. It’s only a ten minute walk.” 
“I want to make sure you’re going to be all right, and I should have some more news about the tree and windows by then. Yes?” 
“Well, if you insist.” Just get away from him for goodness sake, she told herself, and got rather unsteadily out of the car, feeling quiet dazed by then. 
Once inside the centre she discovered that several of the children hadn’t arrived that day, a fact she was grateful for, since she was so tired and keyed up herself. 
“It was the storm. Lots of people along the beach front suffered broken windows and the like, so they’re at home today mopping up,” Debbie explained as she held on to the back of a wriggling Trent’s shirt. 
“Tell me about it! Luckily I’ve got a real estate agent to take care of things like that, or else I’d still be there,” Natalie replied. A real estate agent who held her hand and offered to drive her hand, she couldn’t help thinking inwardly, duties well and truly above his job description.
“I was a bit worried about you out there on your own. Sophie was going to let me run out during afternoon nap time to check on you, but seeing you’re here, take this, will you.” With that she shoved the grizzling two year old in Natalie’s direction. 
“What have you done now, Trent?” she asked the miserable child, glad to have something other than Karl to focus on at last. “Come on, let’s go and see what the other kiddies are up to.” 
Natalie was glad it was Friday, and by the time six o’clock rolled around both women were waiting rather impatiently for Abigail to arrive. Trent had finally worn himself out some time after lunch, and when the other children woke they had left him to sleep on. He was still curled up in one of the cots, much to the workers’ relief. They had never seen him in such a temper before. 
The sound of the front door bell roused Debbie to go and open it. Natalie was still trying to repair a wooden train engine Trent had somehow managed to split in half. 
“I give up,” she moaned in frustration, when the two pieces she’d glued together came apart for the third time. 
“Bad day?” a deep masculine voice inquired, and Natalie’s head jerked up to see Karl enter the room. 
“Oh, I forgot you were coming back,” she murmured, staring at the way his large frame seemed to fill the entire doorway. Natalie saw a small frown crease his brow, and she realized she’d offended him, again. She was certain he didn’t appreciate being forgotten about, again. “I mean.., yes it’s been a trying day.” 
“Need a hand?” he asked, motioning to the broken train set in front of her. “It looks like it requires firmer pressure. Allow me?” 
“Gladly.” She handed him the two pieces. 
As he sat down in the other chair, Natalie saw Debbie standing in the doorway with a perplexed expression on her face. Before anyone could say anything the bell chimed again. When Natalie heard Abigail’s voice in the hall, she slipped out of her chair to close the door. As she leaned against it she heard Abigail’s shrill voice echo through the house. “I know he’s here, and I know why. I’m going to do something about it too.” 
Natalie glanced at the man in question, but he didn’t seem to have heard Abigail’s outburst. He still had his handsome blonde head bent over the job at hand. 
“I need your help,” he said, and Natalie came to his side. He took hold of her hand and placed it against the two pieces he’d glued. Then he pressed his hand firmly on top of it.
“Don’t let go until I say so,” he commanded.
Natalie knew the adhering of the train engine depended on their joint effort, but being so close to him, with his hand covering hers was too unsettling for comfort. Her stomach fluttered in response. 
“Not yet,” he asserted, as she shifted her weight. His leg came in contact with hers as she stood there, but he didn’t move it away. She got the impression he was enjoying this, for he smiled up at her, and she saw it reach his eyes. There was the faintest twinkle in their silver-blue depths, making him appear all the more appealing for it. 
Suddenly the door flew open, and Debbie walked into the room. Her stunned expression eased when she saw why Karl and Natalie were in such a compromising position. 
“I think that ought to do it,” he announced finally, lifting his hand from Natalie’s. 
When she removed hers from the toy, she discovered it had stayed together. 
“Just leave it to set overnight, and let another little darling break it next week,” he declared. “They’re so rough on them, aren’t they?” 
Natalie wondered how he would know. 
Ten minutes later they had the centre locked up and were on their way to Natalie’s family home. On the way Karl informed her that he would be at the cottage on Monday to supervise the repair of the window and removal of the tree. Then he advised her to stay in town. Natalie would have agreed with that, but Trevor had gone away for the weekend, so she had no car to return to feed Adolf. 
“It must be the national heritage, or the fact that you gave him the dictator’s name, but Adolf and I got on fine today,” Karl said once they had stopped outside the small fibro cottage. “I’ll do it if you like.” 
“But you live at least half an hour’s drive away,” she protested, as she began rummaging in her bag for her house keys. 
“Consider it part of the service... What is it?” 
“I can’t find my keys. You won’t believe this, but they’re back at the cottage and Trevor isn’t here to let me in,” she muttered irritably, noticing the empty car-port. Natalie wondered when she’d last had a day so inexorably ruled by Murphy’s Law. What could go wrong had gone wrong, she thought dejectedly.
“When will he be home?” Karl asked. 
“Not till Sunday night. I’m sorry.” 
“Don’t be. Why don’t you come and spend the weekend at my place,” he suggested, shifting in his seat to face her. 
“What?” Natalie gasped in sudden outrage. “If you haven’t got time to drive me to the cottage and back, I’m sure one of my neighbors would oblige.” 
“You’re worried about the chemistry sparking between us, that I’m seeking to take advantage of it. Yes?” 
Spot on, she had to concur, nodding silently. 
“I don’t know where you got the impression that I’m an incorrigible rake. I would never do anything you weren’t in agreement to.” 
“I wasn’t in agreement to going to the dinner at the resort with you,” she countered. 
“But you ended up enjoying yourself as I knew you would. The only reason I’m suggesting you stay with me, is because you’re exhausted. You’ve had a bad night, and I don’t think you should be on your own. I have a lovely guest room and a live-in housekeeper that sees and hears all. All you have to do is yell should I decide to sleep-walk in the middle of the night. What do you say?” he concluded with a smile. 
“I don’t know.” Natalie looked down at her folded hands. She couldn’t think straight with him sitting there, gazing at her in that beguiling way. He’d said more than enough to quell her fears that he didn’t want a weekend sex romp. Did she dare believe he was doing it out of concern for her welfare? More to the point, did she have the strength not end up having an affair with him? He was far too handsome, much too persuasive. Her resolve and common sense seemed to have completely deserted her where this man was concerned. 
“Would it make any difference if I told you I had another young lady staying who you can talk to?” he said at last.
“Oh really!” Natalie rolled her eyes.
“The school holidays started today,” he said, and on noting her obviously perplexed expression, started to laugh. 
“What’s so funny?” she demanded. 
“My daughter, Natalie. She goes to boarding school and has come home for the holidays.” 
“You... you have a daughter?” she gasped in amazement. “How... how old is she?” 
“Anna’s nine in January.” 
Karl Messer had an eight year old daughter!
That meant he must have been married at some stage. Where was his wife now? Perhaps he still was, and she was as well kept a secret as Anna appeared to be. No, if Karl was still married, the entire district would know about it. 
All of a sudden the prospect of spending the weekend at his house appealed. Discovering he was a father changed everything. Natalie saw him in a different light, or was she merely trying to convince herself this made him less of a philanderer? For all she knew he could have left his wife just as he’d dumped Abigail.
The devil made her do it, the handsome devil called Karl Messer. Curiosity about his relationship with his daughter spurred Natalie into agreeing.
“You’ll come then?” 
“You know I like children.” 
“I knew it was too much to hope that you’d come for my sake,” he growled. “I wish I knew what you find so irksome about me.” 
“Irksome? Oh I forget English isn’t your native tongue. Irksome,” she giggled. 
Karl started the engine, revved it loudly, and then drove down the street at break-neck speed. 
“What will my neighbors think on seeing Karl Messer, the shining star of the Shoalhaven doing screechies down the road in his Beamer?” Natalie laughed. 
“No matter what I do, people will always place their own interpretations on it,” he muttered, but slowed the car to a more acceptable speed. 
“Do you only get Anna in the holidays?” 
“Sometimes she comes home during term time,” he replied. 
“What I mean is who has custody?” 
“I said she goes to boarding school. I’m a business man and Anna doesn’t have a mother, so I send her to the place that’s best for her.” 
Natalie cast him another sidelong glance. By the tone of his voice she could tell this was a topic he clearly didn’t want to engage in. On seeing the tense set of his jaw, she knew she should abandon her questioning, but curiosity won over. “What happened to her mother?” 
Karl’s response was to slam his foot on the brake, bringing the car to an abrupt halt on the side of the road. He didn’t look at her as he started speaking, but Natalie could tell from the way he gripped the steering-wheel so tightly, that this was something which had caused him a great deal of heartache. 
“I will only say this once, Natalie. Anna’s mother is dead. That’s all you need to know. Anna and I are doing just fine. It’s not the perfect arrangement, but there are plenty of single parent families where the sole guardian is the father. Some women, like Paula from the resort, and Abigail who came while I was there tonight...” So he had heard her. “...Think because I am wealthy I’m a good catch,” he continued in the same insidious tone. “I have no intention of ever remarrying, because I know what motivates them.” 
“That says a lot for womankind,” Natalie muttered, feeling decidedly irked by his attitude. Perhaps he had used the correct word after all. 
“I’ve met far too many who think like that. But I know you don’t see me that way. You’re not interested in trapping a man. No, you’re a free spirit, a bright, lively person who enjoys life. I think we could have a good time together, you and I.” 
So every rumor about Karl Messer was true. He was only interested in casual affairs, but not for the reasons she’d initially thought. 
He’d been hurt. 
Badly. 
Had it been his wife’s doing or all the girlfriends thereafter? What had warped his perception about women like that? 
He was wrong about her though. Natalie had given up on Rick because he wasn’t the right man for her, but she did want to settle down and have children one day. She didn’t want a transient affair with anyone. She knew she should ask Karl to drop her off at the cottage and leave her there, but she was too intrigued by this enigmatic man not to want to find out more about him and his daughter. 
Natalie was sure there was something much deeper keeping Karl from commitment, other than his desire for a good time. He was too serious a man for that, and far too ambitious. 
It would definitely be an interesting weekend. 
CHAPTER SIX
Karl’s house, like the cottage, could only be reached by a long drive. Unlike the cottage however, it was a huge two-story mansion designed in a traditional Bavarian style, strategically positioned on top of a hill, with panoramic views of the ocean and surrounding countryside. 
He’d phoned Barbara, the housekeeper, on the mobile, informing her they would have a guest for dinner. She in turn, told him that Anna had already eaten and was almost ready for bed, but would stay up to meet them. Then they’d stopped at the cottage for Natalie to pack an overnight bag and collect her keys.
As she’d hurried through the house she wondered if Sean would appear while Karl was waiting in the living room catching the seven o’clock news on the TV. But it probably wasn’t dark enough yet, streaks of daylight still smearing the western sky, something which she was grateful for. She suspected Sean wouldn’t have been the slightest bit impressed by the sight of Karl occupying his favorite spot on the lounge.
Natalie didn’t realize how tired she was until Karl drove the big car into the garage beside the Mercedes. She was still stifling yawns when she followed him up the stairs into the house. 
They were greeted at the door by Barbara, a willowy, middle-aged woman with steely gray hair pulled severely back from her pinched face. Natalie was surprised to discover that not only was she not as harsh as her appearance implied, neither was she German, but a true blue Aussie through and through. She offered to show Natalie to her room, while Karl went to check on his daughter. 
The rooms were large and airy, filled with comfortable modern furniture and colorful impressionist paintings. Karl seemed to like that particular style of art. Natalie felt her feet sink into the thick beige carpet as she followed Barbara down a corridor and up a wide curved staircase. It was the sort of house she would love to have grown up in, and it seemed such waste that Anna only got to live in it during the school holidays. 
“We’re lucky we didn’t lose any windows in the storm last night,” the older woman was saying as Natalie followed her past several closed doors. One of them had rock music emanating from within. “She just turned it down when her father went in. I’m glad my rooms are at the other end of the house. And she isn’t even a teenager yet.” 
“I hate to tell you this, but I was into the pop scene at that age too,” Natalie admitted. “Still am.”
“Yes, you don’t look very old. Karl tells me you live in that cottage all on your own. You’re a brave girl. Here we are.” 
They stopped outside the last door along the hall, and Natalie found herself being shown into a large room with a double bed in its centre. Gazing around her capacious surroundings, she noticed another door past the mirrored built in wardrobe. 
“Yes, it has its own en-suite. I’ll leave you to freshen up, and when you’re ready, come back down. I wasn’t expecting anyone, so it’s only cold meat and salad. Karl usually eats on the run.” 
“I’m sorry if I’ve put you out,” Natalie said, suddenly feeling uncomfortabe. 
“I don’t mind. It’s nice to have a visitor in the house for a change. I’m sure Anna will think so too. She’s having friends coming down, but they won’t be arriving until after Christmas, and with that father of hers always out on business, it’s left up to me to entertain her.” Perhaps Anna was a spoilt brat, as only children sometimes could be, particularly if they came from wealthy homes. Natalie supposed she would find out soon enough.
Barbara left her alone, and Natalie wished she could sink into the comfortable looking bed right now. Her grumbling stomach however, spurred her into freshening up, before she left the room to find the kitchen. The stereo music was still sounding from the closed door of Anna’s room as she passed it. 
“You don’t mind eating in here, do you? Karl said not to bother setting the dining room up,” Barbara asked Natalie as she entered the large modem kitchen. In its centre stood a table big enough to seat at least six people, making Natalie wonder why she even bothered to suggest they eat anywhere else. Her and Trevor’s kitchen and dining nook would fit in here three times over.
“This is fine by me, and that looks great,” she replied. She hoped Karl was a big eater, for there was no way she’d make it through four different salads, three types of cold meat and a basket full of fresh bread rolls. 
Natalie had just sat down in the chair indicated when she heard a noise in the hall. She looked up to see Karl walk into the room holding a small girl’s hand. Anna was not what Natalie had expected. She’d thought she’d be blonde, but the child’s hair was so fair it was almost silver. Even though she had attractive features, her skin was so pale she appeared sickly. There was something strange about her eyes too, Natalie noticed. They didn’t seem to be focusing as she stood there beside her father, still holding his hand, making Natalie wonder if she’d been ill. 
“Anna wanted to meet our visitor before going to sleep. Anna this is Natalie. She’ll be staying for the weekend,” Karl announced, bringing the child forward. Perhaps she was incredibly shy, Natalie thought, which would explain why she was staying so close to her father. 
“Hello Anna. I’m pleased to meet you,” Natalie replied. 
“Hello Natalie. Gee that’s a mouthful, like Baarrbara. She lets me call her Barbie now.” 
Natalie had to smile at that, trying to but failing to visualize her with a life sized Ken doll. 
“Can I call you Nattie?” the little girl went on. 
“Anna!” her father reproached. 
“Of course you can. All my friends call me that. Sometimes I just get Nat.” 
“You’re a poet and you didn’t know it,” Anna chimed. “That, Nat.” 
Anna certainly sounded like a normal, well adjusted eight year old, but Natalie couldn’t work out why she continued to stare at her as though she wasn’t even there. Perhaps she usually wore glasses and had left them in her room. She was in her dressing gown after all.
“Natalie works at a child care centre with little children,” Karl said. 
“I know about those. They’re for working Mums and Dads, like my Dad. Did you know he’s a workaholic? That’s my word for the week, workaholic.” 
“Now it really is time for bed. There will be plenty of time tomorrow to tell Natalie about all your new words,” Karl declared, and turned to lead the small girl away. 
“Bye, Nattie. See you in the morning,” she called over her shoulder. 
“See what I mean. You won’t have a spare minute while you’re here,” Barbara sighed once they had gone. 
“I’m used to that. It will be a nice change to spend some time with a child over four,” Natalie remarked. “She shouldn’t forget to put her glasses on though.” 
“Anna doesn’t wear glasses, except when she’s out in the bright sun.” 
“Well, she should. She -“ 
“Anna doesn’t wear glasses because they don’t help. Didn’t Karl tell you?” 
“Tell me what?” 
“Anna is blind, or almost. Perhaps Karl should explain.” 
“Perhaps Karl should explain what?” the man in question asked as he reappeared in the doorway. 
“About Anna’s poor eyesight,” Barbara muttered uncomfortably. 
Natalie was stunned, but suddenly understood. One of her charges in Sydney had been a little albino boy. His skin and hair had been completely white, and his pupils red in color. All albinos’ eyesight seemed to be affected by the lack of pigment in their skin. Natalie had heard there were degrees of pigment loss, which would explain why Anna still had a hint of color in her hair and skin. 
“What about it? Anna was born that way. She’s been seen by every specialist in the field, but there’s nothing that can be done about it,” he replied dully. As he sat down in the seat opposite Natalie, she noticed how drawn and weary he looked. 
“She’s part albino, isn’t she?” Natalie asked, taking a bite of her roll. 
“So you’ve heard of it,” he acknowledged with a raised eyebrow. 
“I used to work with disabled children. One of them was an albino. How bad exactly is her eyesight?” 
“Put it this way, she’s defied all the conventions of that particular affliction. Most albinos have some degree of vision. Anna can only see colors and shapes in certain light beyond about five feet. She can do close-up work, with the aid of a strong pair of reading glasses. She goes to a boarding school for deaf and blind children in Sydney for two reasons; firstly because my work takes up so much of my time, and secondly because she’s getting all the attention she needs there. And before you start going on about integration and mixing with ordinary children, I don’t want my daughter laughed at and made fun of on account of her difference.” 
“So you send her far away where nobody will see her.” The moment those words were out Natalie wished she could retract them. Karl’s dark glare was enough to make her wish she was somewhere a long long way from here. 
“What would you know about such matters? You can give them back at the end of the day. You’ve been here for less than an hour and already you’re telling me how to raise my daughter. I’ve got work to do. I’ll eat this in my study.” 
Abruptly he got to his feet, picked up his plate and slammed out of the room.
Natalie caught Barbara’s glance. “I know, I shouldn’t have said that.” 
“No, you shouldn’t have, but he has been under a lot of pressure lately. He worries so much about the poor little mite, but I’m quite certain he has no idea what to do about her,” Barbara explained. 
“Let her grow up like a normal child, that’s what. All kids get picked on. Sure it hurts but that’s part of growing up. Even when I was at school we had children with disabilities integrated into the mainstream system.” Natalie had a sneaking suspicion the reason nobody knew Karl had a daughter was because he was embarrassed to admit to it, for admitting meant people would find out about her disability. Why else would he send her to a school so far away? 
“I know, but it’s not our place to tell him so. He’s her father and I’m sure he thinks he’s doing the right thing. He does love her,” Barbara remarked. 
Natalie had discovered so many new things about Karl Messer over the past hour, but the fact that he loved his daughter was blatantly obvious. She’d seen it in his eyes when he’d brought Anna down to meet her. If he could love his daughter, then why did he refuse to love a woman? Before today she’d thought him incapable of that particular emotion. But now she knew differently. It had to have something to do with Anna’s mother. Perhaps Barbara could enlighten her. 
“What happened to Karl’s wife?” she asked. “All he would tell me was that she’s dead.”
“That’s all I know as well. I’ve been here since Karl had this house built, four years, and she was already gone by then. I asked him once and nearly had my head bitten off.” 
“Ditto.” Mrs Messer was obviously a very touchy subject. 
“Such a shame though, don’t you think?” Barbara went on. “A mother is what that girl needs, either that or for Karl to spend more time with her. She’s right. He is a workaholic. If he could channel all that energy into something more constructive... I mean, he already has more money than he knows what to do with. Of course the resort will benefit many people, but it is going to take up a lot of his time. And it isn’t just for the child. He needs someone to love. If his father can find someone else, then surely so can Karl. He’s still a young, attractive man.” 
“He reckons he’s going to give up the real estate business,” Natalie said, deciding that Karl’s love-life wasn’t something she wanted to discuss with this woman. Perhaps Barbara didn’t even know about his casual liaisons. It seemed he rarely brought anyone to the house, and if Barbara lived in she was bound to get lonely. 
“Ha! I’ll believe that when I see it,” Barbara snorted. 
“I’m afraid I’ve had a long day. I think I’ll call it a night,” Natalie said, stifling a yawn. 
“Of course. Feel free to sleep in in the morning. I’ll leave all the breakfast things out for you, so you can help yourself when you come down.” 
“That’s very kind of you, Barbara.” She was still having trouble imagining her as a Barbie. 
“Only doing what I get paid for. Good night Natalie.” 
Natalie returned back upstairs and noticed that this time Anna’s door was open. So was the one beside it. Natalie snuck a glance into the other room. Even though in darkness, enough light filtered in from the hallway to reveal it as the master bedroom. She thought she had a fancy bed in the cottage, but this one was magnificent; a king sized, four poster canopy bed with velvet drapes. A gabled window overlooked the beach. As she crept into the room she noticed that it was in fact flanked by a small balcony. This room also had an ensuite, complete with a spa bath and walk-in wardrobe. 
“Wow!” she gasped in awe. 
Suddenly she became aware of a presence, and swung round to see Karl step into the room and switch on the light. 
“What are you doing in here?” he demanded, on seeing her beside the bed. 
“The honest truth?” she gulped. 
“Don’t bother. You were snooping, or were you so impatient for me that you planned on climbing under the sheets to lie in wait for me?” he said sarcastically. It was obvious he was still angry with her for her impudent comment about his daughter. 
“Not with Anna in the next room... “ she began. The thought hadn’t even crossed her mind, but now that he’d mentioned it, she felt that tug of desire which had spurred her into letting him kiss her. With the top two buttons of his shirt undone and his hair disheveled from raking his fingers through it in frustration, she would very much like to feel that strong powerful body pressed against her and his lips devouring hers in wanton abandonment. 
She shook her head in an attempt to shake those thoughts from her mind. Why was it that whenever she looked at him all that occupied her mind was how damn sexy he was?
“That’s right. I don’t entertain women when Anna is home. In fact I’ve never entertained women in this house. Yes, I take women out, but I don’t sleep around. If you want the truth - “
“Look, I’m sorry I came in here,” Natalie cut in. She didn’t want to hear him telling her he didn’t want a permanent relationship with anyone. It pained her to hear it. In fact it hurt to even think about it. 
As she marched past him she realized why. She did feel something for him, something so deep it touched the very core of her being. How could she feel such intense emotion for a man who merely wanted a casual affair, one that had to be kept secret from his daughter? Natalie had never wanted something that transient from anyone. She had to harden her heart and not let him get to her, just like she’d been letting Sean get to her. 
Between the two of them Karl and Sean were really starting to wreak havoc with her emotions.
Karl didn’t stop her as she turned and walked back out the door. With tears stinging in her eyes she managed to make it to her own room. It must have been the stress of the day which made her burst into frustrated sobs. 
Natalie buried her face in the pillow. She didn’t want anyone else to hear her and wonder why she was crying.
Finally she fell into a fitful, dream-filled sleep.
The clouds were dark and menacing. Lightning streaked the sky. Over and over it split heaven from earth. Natalie was having trouble keeping afloat, as the waves rose higher and higher. They became tall towers of terrifying blackness that kept pushing her under. 
Her struggles to surface were thwarted again and again. She screamed as another threatened to pull her into despairing darkness. Any moment now one of them was going to get her for good - and she would drown. 
“Help me! Dad! Dad where are you. DAD!” she wailed, gasping for air. 
Like a mountain it towered over her. Then it descended with menacing intent and she knew this was the end. 
Natalie screamed again at the top of her lungs. 
“Wake up! Wake up, Natalie. It’s all right. It’s only a bad dream.” 
Shaking and sobbing she opened her eyes to find strong arms around her shoulders, and a soothing deep voice rumbling against her ear. 
For a moment she had no idea where she was. All she knew was that she hadn’t had this nightmare in years. After being separated from her father, it had plagued her for months, as she relived that terrifying night they were both swept into the ocean. 
Natalie had survived, being pulled from the water only half conscious. Because her life jacket had saved her she’d who’d urged the authorities to keep searching for her father. 
“It’s all right. I’m here. It’s over now.” 
She clung to the owner of that deep soothing voice, sobbing into the strong column of his neck. He stroked her hair, reiterating those calming words against her ear. It felt good knowing somebody cared about her, that he was there to help ease the pain and fear. 
Natalie’s shaking finally stopped, and she realized where she was. She looked up into Karl’s concerned face. He was sitting on the bed cradling her in his arms, and she noticed that he was wearing nothing but a pair of short, silk pajama pants. As she glanced around her, she saw Anna standing in the doorway. 
Karl seeing that she’d calmed down, followed her gaze. “She’s all right now, Anna. You can go back to bed now. You were right to wake me. Go on!” 
Reluctantly the girl left the doorway. 
“I’m sorry I disturbed everyone. I haven’t had that nightmare in years,” Natalie murmured against his skin. 
“It must have been the storm. You’re scared of them, aren’t you?” Natalie nodded. “What happened? Did you almost drown as a child?” 
She shuddered, and Karl drew her tighter into his embrace. She rested her cheek against his naked shoulder, seeking solace from his strong comforting arms. 
“I honestly thought I was going to die that night,” she admitted finally, while Karl stroked her long dark hair. “Trevor and I often went out with our father on his fishing trawler when we were kids. We were so certain we’d beat the storm back... but then the engine failed. We battened down as best we could. I was with Dad at the wheel, when a wave, much bigger than any of the others came over the deck. It pushed me against the railing. I though it was going to stop me from falling overboard, but when Dad was swept against me it snapped. It must have been rusty. We both went over... I was rescued a few hours later but Dad never was... Trevor eventually got the engine working again and brought the trawler back to shore the next day. For months we hoped they’d find Dad safe and well somewhere... Now both my parents are gone, and I miss them terribly.” 
“Of course you do. No matter how it happens it’s always hard,” he said gently. “But you could never grieve properly for your father. There was never any proof that he was actually dead, was there? But I’m sure your mother has found him.” 
Natalie had never thought of it that way before, even though it made perfect sense. To visualize both parents together, contented and at peace, did make her feel a whole lot better. 
Karl must have decided she was now calm enough to go back to sleep, for he moved away from her and stood up. Natalie was glad he couldn’t see the disappointment which must have shown on her face. She wished he’d continue holding her in his arms. She had felt safe and comforted there.
He stopped in the doorway, but instead of leaving the room he closed the door and returned to her. “I think you need someone tonight.” To her amazement he slipped under the sheets beside her. 
“But I thought you said -“ she began. 
“You need someone to comfort you. That’s all I’m going to do. Anna understands.” 
“Are you sure? What about Barbara?” 
“She never comes upstairs at night. Any more problems?” 
“Not that I can think of.” Gratefully she snuggled against his warm, comforting body. He cradled her head against his bare chest and she slipped her arm around his lean waist. 
“I wish you’d been with me last night. I really could have done with some strong comforting arms them,” she admitted.
“I don’t think anyone saw that one coming,” he said softly against her hair. “But I would have if I could have.”
“Thank you, Karl.”
“You’re welcome, Natalie.”
As she lay there, memories of her terrifying nightmare gradually ebbed away, to be replaced with an overwhelming awareness of the handsome man lying beside her. His skin felt like velvet where she’d placed her hand against his side. The blonde down of hair on his chest was soft against her cheek. His distinctive masculine scent mingling with whatever soap he used was almost intoxicating. 
If he’d wanted to take advantage of the situation, she doubted she would have stopped him. The fact that he didn’t made her even more determined to find out why he refused to love another woman, for she knew now he was more than capable of it. He must have loved his wife. He certainly loved his daughter. He cared enough about Natalie to comfort her, which meant he couldn’t be just after a good time. With those more hopeful thoughts filling her mind, she drifted back to sleep. 
When she woke the room was bathed in warm summer sunshine, and she was alone in the bed. For a moment she wondered if it she’d dreamed that Karl came to cuddle her during the night. She was surprised she’d slept so late. The digital clock on the bed-side table read nine-thirty.
Padding across the carpet, she stuck her head around the door. There was no sign that anyone was about. The house was unearthly silent. Perhaps everyone had gone out. 
She decided to have a shower and head downstairs for breakfast. 
As she retraced her steps, Natalie finally did hear some noise. It sounded like a television. Following the sound, she found herself in the doorway of a large rumpus room. The television was a stereo set with an enormous plasma screen. Perhaps it was so that Anna could see it, but she wasn’t sitting in front of it. She was curled up on the lounge with her father’s arm draped around her slender shoulders. 
They were watching The Little Mermaid, an animated movie even Natalie had enjoyed. It wasn’t the film which captured her attention, making her smile, but the serene expression on Karl’s face. He looked casual and at ease in his white T-Shirt and navy blue shorts, making it hard for her to believe he was the same hard-nosed businessman she’d met several weeks ago. 
Natalie decided not to disturb them and headed for the kitchen. Barbara didn’t seem to be about, so she poured herself a cup of coffee from the percolator. Even from this room one could see the beach. Natalie saw an in-ground pool behind a shady patio, upon which several deck chairs had been strategically positioned. She suspected the house was air-conditioned, for it already looked hot outside. 
“So you have decided to put in an appearance today.”
Natalie swung around to see Karl standing in the doorway. “I don’t normally sleep this late.” 
“You had a couple of bad nights. How are you feeling today?” 
“Great. I was just contemplating a swim in your pool.” 
“You do that. I think Anna would like to join you, but make sure she puts plenty of sun-screen on. Barbara’s gone into town to do some shopping. She’ll be back to make lunch. I’ve got some work to do until then. I suppose you want to see to Adolf some time this afternoon?” 
“Yes, I guess I should. Wouldn’t want him to get so hungry that he eats the real estate agent next time he comes to inspect the property.”
“Oh ha ha. We’ll go together if you like. Say around three?” 
“As long as that’s all right with you.” 
He merely smiled at her. The austere expression she’d grown accustomed to had been replaced by a much gentler one. Was all this Anna’s doing? If that was the case, surely he could find her a school closer to home. Was he doing it to shelter her from possible cruelty of the main-stream system, or was he keeping her away to protect himself? A disabled child certainly didn’t fit in with the image everyone had of him, the image Natalie now knew was a front. 
She liked the casual, relaxed Karl much better, and he looked equally as attractive in those shorts as he did in his tailored business suits. Even more so, she decided, observing his long, strong legs, the muscular arms and the sun-tanned skin contrasting with his golden hair. 
“Oh great, Nattie’s awake,” Anna cried, as she appeared in the doorway beside her father. 
“Yes, and I’m going to spend some time with you by the pool. Would you like that?” Natalie asked the small girl. 
Anna was wearing a yellow and white striped pant-suit, with a matching yellow blouse. Even though they were casual clothes, Natalie still felt like a beach bum in her stretch knit, red shorts, and Aboriginal print T-Shirt. 
“Yeah sure. I’m a good swimmer. We have a pool at my school. We’ll have races, Okay,” Anna enthused. 
“You’ll probably beat me then. I’ll finish my breakfast and then we’ll go outside.” 
“Dad’s got to work again, but he promised we can spend all day together tomorrow, and tonight Opa’s coming over. Did you know I’m going to get a new Oma?”
“That’s German for Nanna and Pop,” Karl explained. “I might have a little Aussie for a daughter, but my father seems to like Anna calling him Opa. I’ll see you both later.” He placed a kiss on top of his daughter’s head and disappeared down the hall. Anna walked into the room and reached the table without mishap. Once she had located a chair she sat down in it. She obviously could see well enough to negotiate her way around the familiar room. 
“Are you glad school is over, Anna?” Natalie asked, between mouthfuls of her cereal. 
“Yes and no. I like going to school. We have so much fun there. I’d like coming home a whole lot better if Dad wasn’t so busy all the time. He tries to make time for me, but something always come up at the last minute,” she muttered somewhat disgruntledly. 
“What about Barbie? Doesn’t she spend time with you?” 
“Yeah, but it isn’t the same, is it? She isn’t family. She isn’t even a friend. If I had a Mummy it would be heaps better.” 
Natalie knew she should change the subject, but she was curious how much Anna remembered about her mother. “You did have a Mummy once though,” she encouraged. 
“But she went away so long ago I can hardly remember anything about her, and now she’s dead.” 
Anna didn’t sound upset about losing her mother, more the fact that she had no one to fill this role now. Natalie remembered all the good times she had at that age with her own mother, and dreaded to think how lonely young Anna Messer must feel without that special relationship. 
“Your Mummy went away? Where did she go?” 
“Back to Germany. Then she died and went to heaven, but Daddy doesn’t want me to talk about her.” She leant across the table, closer to Natalie. “Do you believe in making wishes?” 
“I used to wish for all kinds of things when I was a kid, but most of them never came true.” 
“What I wish for is a new Mummy. If Daddy were to get married, then I could have a new Mummy, right?” 
“That’s true, but what if he married someone you didn’t like?” 
“He wouldn’t do that. He could always marry you. I like you, Nattie.” 
She should have seen that coming. “For two people to get married they have to love one another. Your Daddy and I are just friends, so I don’t see why I can’t be your friend as well.” 
Anna looked disappointed for a moment, but then she smiled. “You can be my holiday friend then.” 
“Sure, if you like, but I have a job too, like your father, so I can only see you on weekends.” 
“Maybe I could come to your work. Daddy said you work with children. I could help with the babies. I like babies. They’re so cute. I would love to have a little brother or sister. Are you sure you don’t love my Daddy?” 
If Natalie were to answer that question truthfully, what would she say? That she felt desire for him, she respected him, probably even liked him, but love? Almost overnight what she felt for Karl Messer had turned from dislike and distrust to... Love? She certainly responded to him in the physical sense. Perhaps that was all it was, a mutual sexual attraction, but it was beyond a doubt the strongest attraction she’d ever experienced, certainly more than what she’d ever felt for Rick whom she’d dated for eighteen months. How long had she known Karl? All of five minutes!
Natalie forced herself not to think about it, and said, “I like your Daddy, and we’re good friends, but I can’t be your mother.” 
“That means you can’t boss me around, right? Mums and Dads tell you what to do, but friends don’t.” 
Cunning little minx, Natalie thought, as Anna grinned mischievously at her. “Don’t count on it. Now why don’t you go and get changed. Last one in is a rotten egg.” 
So Anna’s mother had walked out on them. Why? Had Karl really been so difficult to live with? Maybe she’d been homesick, and Karl hadn’t been prepared to return once his business took off. She hadn’t taken her daughter with her, so perhaps there had been a custody battle which he won. And now Natalie was falling for him, knowing he didn’t want commitment or future entanglements. 
Could she somehow get him to change his mind? Anna had already taken to her, like most children did, and she liked the spirited little girl. Perhaps that was the way to convince him - through his daughter. When he saw how well they were getting on, he could, in time, come to the conclusion that he wanted Natalie to stick around - or was that too much to hope for? 
One thing was certain she would have to keep her feelings about him to herself, in the interim at least. As long as Karl thought she was a free spirit she stood a chance. If she was to believe what Debbie had said about Abigail, he didn’t want someone to complicate his life, and Abigail struck her as the type who was in search of a second husband, exactly as he’d said. 
Natalie would keep her feelings for Karl to herself. She’d wait and see how things developed between them. It was early days. The fact that he’d introduced her to his daughter was a good start. No one else in the district seemed to know the little girl even existed. 
CHAPTER SEVEN
Anna was already in the pool when Natalie emerged from the house. It was as hot outside as it looked. The moment she opened the back door the heat struck her like the blast from a sauna, making the sparkling clear water appear even more enticing. 
As Natalie squinted against the mid-morning sunshine, she noticed there was a railing extending all the way from the back door to the steps leading into the water at the shallow end of the pool. It had obviously been installed to make it easier for Anna to reach the pool without tripping and hurting herself. 
Natalie draped her beach towel over one of the deck-chairs, noticing a pair of dark sun-glasses and a bottle of sun screen on a nearby table. She was already starting to turn a rich, honey brown, but was well aware of the sun’s dangerous rays. She would stay no longer than fifteen minutes in the water. Judging by Anna’s pale complexion, even that would be too long for the young girl, despite the baggy white T-Shirt she wore over her swimmers.
Natalie had donned a blue and red vertically striped one-piece, which flattered her top heavy figure. She’d brought it after reading an article on what type of swimwear suited each particular figure-type, not that she usually indulged in such drivel, but every so often she succumbed to fashion’s persuasive pull. 
“What’s the water like?” she called out. 
“Great. Come in and I’ll race you,” Anna called back, as she splashed past her.
Natalie stepped into the water, welcoming the coolness first massaging her ankles, then her knees, until she was fully immersed in its refreshing depths.
They raced one another, alternating between free-style and butterfly, which Anna was practicing for the junior blind athletics carnival. 
Naturally she beat Natalie. 
Once they tired of that they started splashing each other, Anna demonstrated her underwater somersaults and how she could walk on her hands from one end of the pool to the other. 
As she started her second underwater lap, Natalie glanced back at the house. Karl was watching them from one of the downstairs’ windows, the one she assumed belonged to his study. She waved, motioning for him to join them. He merely shook his head with a wry smile, holding up a pile of documents. Natalie could tell from his expression that he would prefer to be enjoying himself than working. 
She felt little fingers digging into her calves, and wondered how Anna had figured out where she was. The child surfaced, grinning mischievously at her. 
“That was my shark impression,” she giggled. 
“Very convincing,” Natalie smiled back. “How much can you see, Anna? What am I doing now?” She raised her arms into the air above her head. 
Anna squinted at her. “You’re reaching for the stars. In certain light I can see what people are doing, even though they’re blurry. You’ve got a red and blue cossie on. I’ll tell you something that even amazes Dad. I’m a good artist, so long as I copy from photos and books. I can’t see into the distance at all, but I’m really good with close up stuff.” 
“Really! Would you show me some of your pictures later?” Natalie asked. 
“Yeah sure. I can’t read normal print though. That’s why I’m learning braille. I love fairy tales and mysteries the best.” 
Natalie glanced at the house again, but Karl had disappeared from the window. She turned back to Anna, suggesting they get out of the sun.
The next hour saw them in Anna’s room pouring over her pictures. They were remarkable good for an eight year old, and one with such poor vision at that. They were mainly of castles and princesses in decadent ball-gowns, colored with bright textas.
“I’ll do one for you if you like,” she suggested finally. 
“I’d love one, Anna. I’ll get it framed to hang on my wall.” 
“Great. I’ll draw you in a really beautiful long dress.”
Not long after Barbara came up the stairs announcing it was time for lunch. 
When Natalie and Anna arrived downstairs they discovered she’d decided to serve lunch outside on the table in the shade. A refreshing ocean breeze had sprung up, and Karl joined them several moments later. 
“Anna is going to draw me a picture,” Natalie announced, as he sat down opposite her. “She’s very talented.” 
“Amazing for a girl with less than five percent vision, isn’t it?” he remarked, reaching for one of the salad bowls. “Sometimes I think she gets around with a sixth sense. It’s incredible what she’ll find when she sets her mind to it, such as Christmas presents.” 
“I’ve yet to find this year’s ones, but I reckon that’s because you haven’t brought me any yet,” Anna remarked, with a questioning expression on her face. 
“Don’t you believe in Santa Claus?” Natalie asked. 
“Get real Nattie. Whoever’d get around in a hot coat and fur-lined boots in this heat needs his head examined.” 
That had the two adults in uproarious laughter. Anna was indeed very intelligent for her age, with enough natural talent to overcome the restrictions of her disability. 
“Natalie and I have to go to her house this afternoon to feed her dog and check on a few things. So why don’t you start on her picture,” Karl suggested. 
“Can’t I come?” Anna asked. 
“I told you tomorrow would be our day. Besides, Adolf is a rather large and ferocious beast. I don’t think you’d like him very much.” 
Natalie noticed how Karl’s description of her brother’s pet made the small girl cringe. To someone Anna’s size Adolf would seem awesome, but surely Karl didn’t have to portray such a fearsome picture of him. 
“I bet something comes up again,” she complained. 
“I can’t promise it won’t, but I’m trying my best to make as much time for you as I can,” he explained calmly. Natalie could tell this was a well worn bone of contention between them, one Karl obviously had difficulty in dealing with, judging by his tense expression. 
“Can I go to Nattie’s work one day next week?” Anna asked, deciding to try a different tact. 
Karl glanced at Natalie. “I don’t think that’s a good idea. I’m sure she’s - “ 
“I don’t see why not,” Natalie interjected. “Because the school holidays have started two of the children won’t be with us for a while. Our workload will be easier over the coming weeks. We could all go in together on Monday.” 
“Well, as long as you don’t mind,” Karl relented. “Now eat up.” 
After lunch Anna seconded Natalie into playing scrabble with her. It was specially designed with raised braille letters superimposed over the printed ones, so both sighted and blind people could play. Natalie won the first game, but only just. Anna certainly knew her words and how to spell them. 
Before she knew it, it was time to leave for the cottage. After spending half a day with the boisterous Anna, it was a relief to sit in the quiet, air conditioned Mercedes, listening to one of Karl’s classical CDs. 
“So, did you get everything done that you wanted to?” Natalie asked, after they had been driving in silence for several minutes. 
“Not really. There’s always something that needs organizing when one is running a business,” he replied with a heavy sigh. 
Things were getting too much for him, she realized, glancing at his weary face. He had two businesses to run and a precocious daughter to raise. No wonder the exhaustion was starting to show, but he didn’t have to do it all alone. All he needed to do was ask for help, but Natalie suspected he was too proud a man to do anything of the sort. 
“Having Anna home for the holidays must make it even more stressful,” she acknowledged. 
“It isn’t easy, but I wouldn’t give her up for the world. You didn’t envisage me as the doting father, did you?” 
“I was a little surprised, yes. It can’t be easy for either of you, being apart so much of the year.” 
“Plenty of parents send their children to boarding school. Believe me, if she had normal sight I would have employed a nanny and sent her to a local school. It’s easy for someone to sit in judgment from the periphery, but wait until you have children of your own. Then you’ll see how different it is to minding them for a living.” 
Natalie realized that no matter what she said about his daughter, it put him on edge. The relaxed atmosphere between them was gone, and Natalie decided to keep her mouth shut on the matter from now on. 
They reached the cottage at around three-thirty, and because Karl’s father and Tania Vella were coming for dinner, Natalie decided to put on a cotton dress which she hoped would be smart enough for an evening meal at Karl’s house. 
While she got changed, he fed Adolf. As Natalie laid the simple blue outfit on to the bed, she wondered what Tania would say about her being there tonight. She would probably have seen their picture in the paper. Natalie reasoned she’d find out what Tania thought soon enough. 
As she reached for the dress, she heard a noise from the doorway. Clutching the garment to her chest, she turned to see Karl standing there watching her. She felt her cheeks grow hot with an embarrassed flush. She knew it was foolish to react like this, for the previous night she’d seen him clad in even less, but Natalie had always been self-conscious about her body, particularly her generous bust-line, which was precisely what Karl was focused on.
“Haven’t you heard of knocking?” she demanded, still clutching the dress against her, trying to avoid those appraising eyes which were now definitely more silver than blue. Silver for desire, she reasoned absentmindedly. 
He didn’t reply as he entered the room with intent and purpose, stopping in front of her. Natalie made no more protests as he gently pried her fingers from the garment and draped it across the end of the bed. 
Natalie realized as he dipped his head to kiss her that she wanted nothing more than to make love to him. 
As his lips met hers, he pulled her against him, so their bodies collided, and then molded into one another. They seemed to be a perfect fit, as perfect as Karl’s sensuous kisses. 
Nothing she’d experienced before filled her heart and soul with such all-consuming passion. It left her clinging weakly to him. She gripped handfuls of his shirt, as he traced his tongue over her parted lips, moving the lower half of his body seductively against hers, making her aware of how aroused he was. 
“You’ve bewitched me, Natalie Scott,” he murmured softly, as he started raining tempestuous kisses across her cheek. He took her earlobe between his lips. “Bewitched me so I’m unable to keep my hands off you. I want you so much, have done since the day you first walked into my office wearing your sexy tight jeans.”
Natalie made a small whimpering noise, which he must have interpreted as a protest. 
“I’ll stop if you want me to. Is that what you want?” But he didn’t lift his head, merely continued to rub his cheek against hers, as he held her against him in his strong embrace.
Natalie shook her head. 
“You’ll let me take you to heaven? Together we’ll soar to the stars. Yes?” 
“You’ve been studying that phrase book again, haven’t you?” she smiled up at him. 
Gently he stroked her cheek with his fingertips. “You’ll see, Natalie. I want to make love to you like there’s no tomorrow.” 
“Yes, Karl. Let’s soar to the stars. Take me to heaven.” 
For a moment he continued to look directly into her eyes, and then, certain she meant what she said, he gently maneuvered her towards the bed, lowering her down onto it. 
He leant over her, and she reached to caress his handsome face with one hand, feeling the line of his cheekbone under her touch. The other she slid into his thick golden hair, watching him watch her, his beautiful blue eyes glittering with passionate intent. 
He brought his lips to hers once more, and Natalie responded, returning the ardent demands of his mouth. She gripped his hair tighter as he kissed a trail of fire down her neck, then over the soft skin of her shoulders and the curve of her breasts. The cute lock of blonde hair which always flopped so endearingly across his brow, now tickled her skin as his soft mouth moved against her inflamed flesh. 
This was not the hurried fit of passion she thought it could have been. Karl took his time about removing her bra, as though he wanted to savor every new discovery about her. But her siren’s body wanted to feel all of him, all at once. How right he’d been. She was soaring to heaven, exactly as he’d said. She reached for him, to tug his shirt free from his shorts, but he eased her hands away. 
“Not yet Natalie. Not yet. Let me love you - cherish you - worship your beautiful body.” 
Even his words had her quivering with ecstasy. They were thick with emotion, as he brought his lips to her nipples, teasing first one and then the other with biting little kisses, over and over, till she was crying out for him. 
Somewhere in the back of her mind, she knew it was because he was such an experienced lover, but to her it felt special and unique. Karl made her feel special and unique. 
Vaguely she was aware of him removing the rest of her clothes. He was true to his word. He did worship her body. There were sweet, sensuous kisses for every part of her. It seemed as though he couldn’t get enough of her. 
Finally his lips returned to hers and his hands took over, to caress her breasts, her stomach, her thighs. His fingers moved down to that special moist core which had her writhing in wanton abandonment. 
“Oh my God, Karl... What are you doing to me?” she gasped, as waves of exquisite pleasure washed over her, drowning her into a deep pool of swirling ecstasy. 
“Loving you, mein Herzen,” he murmured. “But I must ask you, is it safe to go further? I don’t want to make you pregnant.” 
That seemed to bring her out of her desire filled haze, as she was forced to think about the consequences of what they were doing. No, of course he wouldn’t want her to conceive his child, not when he had one like Anna. Sweet as she was, her disability must have caused him and his wife a great deal of heartache. 
Damn! Why did she have to think of her? 
“It’s all right Karl. There won’t be any repercussions,” Natalie replied. There was no way she wanted him to stop now, not when her siren’s body was crying out for the fulfillment she knew only he could bring. 
“Why, are you on the pill?” he asked. 
“No. It’s a safe time of the month.” 
“Are you sure?” 
“Yes. I’m sure.” She slid her hands over his bare shoulders and down his chest, feeling the hard play of muscles beneath his smooth sun-tanned skin, wondering for a moment when he’d removed his shirt.
Their joining was tempestuous and wild, quickly mounting to rapturous release for them both. It was like being carried away in explosions that scattered Natalie’s senses far and wide, then to slowly descend blissfully into a cool pool that soothed her hot trembling body. 
After fearing for so long there might have been something wrong with her, she now knew the problem wasn’t her at all. Now that she’d found the right man, she’d soared to the stars and reached heaven just like Karl had said she would. 
He held her close afterwards, silently stroking her long dark hair as it spilled across his chest. 
“Didn’t I tell you we could have fun together?” he murmured once she was close to falling asleep in her languorous contentment. 
Fun? 
That word brought her to her senses. She must have been living in fantasy land to believe he felt anything for her. It had merely been a silly dream made of glass, so brittle it could be shattered by one simple little word. 
Fun. 
Pain knifed through her at the realization that Karl, the expert lover would have been through this dozens of times, when to her it had been simply the most perfect experience of her entire life. 
Natalie eased away from him, not daring to look at him for fear of revealing her true feelings. Had he been able to determine from her expressions how she felt about him while they were making love? Was this his way of reminding her not to fall in love with him? 
If so, it was much too late. 
“What is it, mein Schatz?” he asked, reaching for her as she sat up. She moved out of his reach and swung her legs over the edge of the bed. 
“I wish you would stop calling me those names in German,” she snapped. 
“I’ve upset you Natalie. What’s wrong?” 
“Was that all I was to you, Karl, a bit of fun?” she demanded, forcing herself to look directly into his eyes, which had returned to glittering, challenging blue. 
“Of course not. I didn’t mean it like that. It was special.” 
She still wasn’t convinced. “Until the next one comes along,” she retorted bitterly. 
“I don’t really know how long it will last. How long can anything be guaranteed? All relationships follow a certain course, some lasting years, others fizzing out after a few weeks. I hope you and I won’t fall into the latter. Surely you don’t want me to declare eternal devotion when you have no idea how it will end.” 
“No I suppose not. I guess I just want reassurance this isn’t going to be a cheap affair.” 
“How many times do I have to tell you? That simply isn’t my style.” He sighed. “The only way I can convince you is for us to take things slowly. One sweet day at a time, until you trust me enough to believe I only have your best interests at heart.” 
Natalie nodded. He was right, and she cursed herself for her short fuse. In challenging him like that she risked losing him. It made her wonder how long she could keep up the pretense of appearing casual about her feelings towards him. As long as it takes, she told herself. While they were together there was hope, hope that Karl would find love again, just like Barbara had said.
It wasn’t until they left the cottage that she realized she hadn’t given Sean a single thought all weekend. Perhaps that was for the best. 
He wasn’t even real. 
But Karl was. 
Sitting beside her driving the car was a handsome, sensual man who wanted her in his life. What more could a girl want? 
For him to love her, of course. 
“What took you two so long?” Anna greeted them at the back door on their return. 
“Some things needed attending to,” her father replied. 
“Opa and Oma arrived about ten minutes ago,” Anna went on. “They’re in the sitting room, waiting for you.” 
“Shall we go and see them then,” he said. Taking her small hand in his, he motioned for Natalie to follow. 
They arrived at a large airy room overlooking the pool, obviously meant for entertaining purposes. Comfortable leather lounges stood grouped around a glass coffee table that looked more like a sculpture than an item of furniture. As the light caught it, it reflected the colors in the room like a glass prism. Natalie wasn’t given much time to admire the decor as Karl ushered her into the room ahead of him. 
His father got up to greet them. Tania remained seated, but Natalie didn’t miss the curious expressions which crossed both their faces on seeing her there. 
“There’s been a problem at the cottage Natalie’s renting, so she’s staying here for the weekend,” Karl explained. It was as though what they’d shared that afternoon had never even happened. Natalie on the other hand was still having trouble concentrating on the present. “I’ll just go and get changed. Won’t be long.”
“I started your drawing, Nattie,” Anna announced after he’d gone. “I’ll show you later.” 
Dieter motioned for Natalie to take a seat, and then offered her a drink from the bar. Natalie noticed how contented Tania appeared. Immaculately presented as always, she was obviously very much in love, and it soon dawned on her that Dieter felt the same way about her. Natalie couldn’t help noticing the secret smiles they exchanged as they talked, the way they sat so close together, and occasionally touched one another. She was glad Tania had found someone to love again. 
Karl returned at the same time as Barbara, who announced dinner was ready. As everyone proceeded to leave the room, Tania detained Natalie.
“I saw the article in the paper of course,” she began. Natalie groaned inwardly, knowing what was to come. “Much as I like both you and Karl, he isn’t right for you.” 
Natalie was about to demur, but Tania went on, “You can’t fool me, my dear. Your mother and I were friends for years. I know you, Nattie. What you and Karl want from a relationship are two very different things. You’ll only end up hurting each other.” 
“I’m a big girl now. I’m sure I can cope,” Natalie retorted. 
“I don’t know what happened between you and Rick, but Karl’s not the one for you. He’ll never marry you.” 
“He already told me that.” 
“Oh?”
“Maybe I don’t want to get married either. I’m only twenty-five.” 
Tania shook her head without eliciting any motion whatsoever from her immaculate black curls. “Don’t give me that. Perhaps I should tell you about his wife.” 
“Perhaps you’d better not.” Natalie knew she’d be betraying Karl’s trust if someone else told her something he should do himself. 
“Stubborn like your mother. Let’s go through to dinner then,” Tania concluded, reluctant to let the matter drop. Natalie knew she was concerned about her. She was sure her warning was well-founded, but Natalie wouldn’t let Karl go unless he wanted it that way. What she had to do was convince him it wasn’t in his best interests to do so. No small feat, when everyone, including him, thought he’d never love again. 
“Barbara is getting the hang of this German cooking,” Dieter commented, once they were all seated around the large table in the dining room. Natalie noticed numerous dishes of food she wasn’t sure she recognized, and wondered how Barbara managed to find the time to put so much effort into cooking for the Messer family. As cooking had never been one of Natalie’s strong points, she admired the older woman for her dedication. It seemed that none of it was done begrudgingly and her work seemed to be appreciated, judging by the way the two men tucked into their meal. As Natalie was hungry she tried almost everything there was, and thoroughly enjoyed it. 
“What are you and Trevor doing over Christmas this year?” Tania asked her during one of the rare moments Anna wasn’t dominating the conversation. 
The question startled Natalie, for she hadn’t given the matter a single thought. It would be a quiet one, now that there were only the two of them. Both sets of grandparents were gone, and Natalie had no intention of travelling interstate to visit her aunt in Perth. She hadn’t heard from her since the funeral, and suspected that she wasn’t particularly interested in her niece and nephew’s welfare. 
“Probably just having a quiet day at home,” she replied finally. 
“Why don’t you two share it with us then? I’m sure your mother would have approved,” Tania suggested. 
“I couldn’t...” she started to protest. 
“We insist, don’t we, Dieter?” 
“Why not? The more the merrier. It will be held here of course, and if it’s as hot as today you’ll welcome the chance for a swim,” the older man agreed. 
“Then I must help with the cooking, or something,” Natalie offered, glancing at Karl across the table. She couldn’t tell whether he was pleased about Tania inviting her for Christmas or not. His banal expression gave nothing away. It reminded her of how he’d looked when she’d first met him, aloof, distant and unfriendly. Now she wondered if he adopted that look simply to put people off, or to hide how he felt inside. Since then she’d seen kindness on his face, desire in his eyes, even love when he looked at Anna.
“There’s nothing to do. Barbara and I have taken care of everything, haven’t we?” Tania remarked, glancing at the housekeeper as she came to clear away their dinner plates. 
“I don’t think Trevor will come, but I’ll ask him.” 
“Leave him to me. I’ll sort him out,” Tania said with a flourish. Even though her mannerisms always seemed over-stated, she did mean everything she said. Natalie had no doubt she’d win Trevor over. He would come, albeit reluctantly, determined to have a miserable time and end up enjoying himself. At least she hoped he’d enjoy the day. Anything which didn’t involve fishing or surfing, Trevor engaged in only begrudgingly. It made Natalie realize how close the season of goodwill was, and that she hadn’t bought a single present. Now she had extra people to shop for, if Trevor decided to join them, that was. She wasn’t about to leave him alone on Christmas day. 
They had Mocha coffee and Black Forest cake for desert, and retired to the sitting room after Anna had gone to bed. There Tania and Dieter started talking about their world tour. After their wedding in March, they planned on spending twelve months travelling, to finally settle in the place they found most enchanting. Natalie admired them for their adventurousness. It seemed that both were keen to live the rest of their lives to the full. 
It made her wonder why Karl seemed so determined to work himself into the ground. As the older couple talked, Natalie noticed that he became even more reserved. What was going on in his mind to elicit such a reticent expression? Whatever it was she doubted he’d share it with her, and that thought saddened her. She wanted to get close to him, for them to share their thoughts and feelings with one another, but Karl being a typical male was keeping everything to himself. 
Tania and Dieter finally left just after ten. Karl and his father preceeded the two women to the front door, and Tania turned to Natalie. “You won’t come without your brother, will you?” 
“No, of course not.” 
“You two must look after each other. He needs his big sister, even though he’ll never admit it. You’ve always been like family to me, so promise me you’ll heed my warning about Karl. He won’t change. I wish he would, but –“
“Why invite us for Christmas then?” Natalie interjected. 
“You both need to be around people. Christmas can be the loneliest time of the year, and didn’t you see the way Anna’s eyes lit up when I suggested it. She’s really taken to you.” 
“Children always do.” 
Tania looked thoughtful for a moment, and then she shook her head wistfully. “I don’t even think that would work.” 
“What do you mean?” 
“Never mind. I’ll talk to you during the week. Bye for now.” 
Natalie knew exactly what Tania had been thinking. She doubted even the friendship which had developed between Natalie and Anna would be enough to bring her and Karl together on a more permanent basis. 
Whatever had gone wrong between him and his wife seemed too monumental a problem to bridge. It almost made Natalie wish that Tania had told her about it. 
CHAPTER EIGHT
The following morning Natalie slept in again. She had decided that father and daughter needed time together, and told Karl as much before heading for her room after Tania and Dieter left the previous evening. He merely shrugged in response before turning to head in the opposite direction. He hadn’t even give her a kiss good night, and Natalie felt acutely disappointed that he wanted to remain casual in front of other people, particularly after the intimacy they’d shared at the cottage that afternoon. 
Perhaps Tania was right. There was a slot in his life for everything, and the little niche Natalie seemed to have been relegated to was only to be indulged upon when he had the time or the inclination. 
Whether Anna was disappointed about her not joining them, she was bound to find out later in the afternoon when they returned. They were already gone when Natalie came across Barbara in the kitchen sometime after nine-thirty. 
“I don’t normally sleep this late,” she said to the older woman as she slipped into the chair at the table to eat breakfast. 
“You obviously needed it. Looking after all those little ones must take it out of you. I only have Anna part of the time, but that’s plenty enough for me,” she replied, bringing the jug of coffee over to pour some for Natalie. 
“And the rest. Last night’s dinner must have taken you hours to prepare.” 
“I enjoy cooking. It’s the child-minding that gets to me. Never having had any of my own, I think I bypassed the stage where one enjoys their company. Don’t get me wrong. I like Anna but...” 
“She takes it out of you. Have you talked to Karl about it?” Natalie suggested, taking a sip of her coffee. 
“I love my job and he pays more than anyone else would under the circumstances. Perhaps I should go and see a doctor. It could be menopause coming on. I’ve been so tired lately.” 
“Perhaps seeing a doctor would be a good idea. Why don’t you go tomorrow seeing I’m taking Anna to work with me.” 
“Perhaps I will. So what are you going to do today? Karl left the keys for the Mercedes if you want to go out anywhere.” 
“I couldn’t drive his car,” she exclaimed, surprised that he would trust her with such an expensive machine. “I’ve brought a good book with me. I think I might spend it relaxing by the pool. Why don’t you join me?” 
“For a while, but I do have some washing of my own to do.” 
“I’ll do it for you. Today you have a rest,” Natalie insisted, and Barbara sighed of relief. It made her look properly at the older woman for the first time, realizing that she did look tired. She needed more than one day off, more like an entire week. Why couldn’t Karl see that she wasn’t well? But then he wasn’t faring much better. They both needed help, but Natalie dreaded to think what he’d say if she suggested it. 
Karl and Anna returned mid-afternoon, laden down with boxes and shopping bags. 
“I’ve got your Christmas present in here,” the little girl announced, clutching a brightly colored plastic bag to her chest. Natalie was still reclining on one of the deck chairs with the fantasy saga she had been reading by her side. 
“I can hardly wait to see what it is,” she replied with a smile. “So where have you been?” 
“We went to the fair in Nowra. They had some really cool rides there, and Dad took me on all the scary ones.” 
“You mean you took me on them,” Karl replied, ruffling her silver-blonde hair. He was dressed casually once more, this time in a pair of pale green shorts and matching striped shirt, with white lace-up leather loafers. He noticed her scant attire. She could tell from his expression that he was remembering the previous afternoon they had shared together. It made Natalie wish they were alone once more. 
“I’m hot. I want to go for a swim,” Anna announced. 
“Why don’t the three of us head down to the beach instead,” Karl suggested. “We’ll take your bucket and spade, so you can demonstrate your castle making ability.” 
“I’m better at drawing them,” she insisted. 
“I’ll help you make one,” Natalie offered, thinking another hour or two for Barbara to rest would aid the older woman no end.
Armed with towels and an arsenal of digging implements, they set off for the beach. Anna was wearing her sun-glasses, another over-sized T-Shirt, a large straw hat and a generous lathering of sun-screen. The section near the house was deserted, but Karl insisted they walk a little further to a quiet spot where there was barely a foot-print to mark the sand. Natalie noticed that the surf was relatively calm at this end of the beach, which was perhaps why hardly anyone bothered coming here.
“I’m loathe to dig up all this smooth white sand to make a castle,” Natalie remarked, when Karl stopped to drop his towel onto the ground. 
“It will all be washed away in the morning,” he said. “So who’s coming in?” 
He peeled his T-Shirt off, then stepped out of his shorts. Natalie tried not to stare at his beautiful strong body, clad only in a brief pair of navy blue swimming-trunks, but found it impossible to tear her gaze away. 
It made her wonder how he found the time to stay so fit and strong, but then exercise undoubtedly helped him cope with the stress of living in the fast lane. Just as sex appeared to be a release from it. Perhaps that was all their relationship meant to him, and Natalie wondered why she was so determined to fight against such insurmountable odds. 
Anna’s high pitched voice suddenly tore her out of her reverie. 
Karl reached to take Anna’s hand, and then glanced at Natalie. “Are you coming in?”
“I had a swim half an hour ago. You two go and cool off,” she replied, smoothing out her towel. As she stretched out on it, she watched father and daughter dash into the surf where they started splashing each other. They both seemed relaxed after their day out together, so all must have gone well. Natalie closed her eyes, listening to Anna’s shrieks which meant Karl was probably dunking her under. If anyone tried that on Natalie she knew she’d be shrieking in fear, not delight. Even in a swimming pool she hated being under water. 
They returned a short time later, and Anna announced that she didn’t want to build a castle but bury her father in the sand. 
“Will you help me Nattie? He kept dunking me and I want to pay him back.” 
Natalie shot her a conspiratorial grin which she realized the young girl couldn’t see. “Sure, why not?” 
“I’d like to see you try,” Karl retorted, stretching out on his towel, but Natalie grabbed hold of the end of it, wrenching it out from underneath him. 
“Hey. Give that back!” he cried, but Anna was already throwing handfuls of sand at him. Natalie hurled the towel out of his reach, so he grabbed hold of her arm, pulling her down on top of him. “Bury me, and Natalie comes with me,” he declared, as Anna splayed damp sand onto Natalie’s back. 
“Let go of me, you great big brute,” she protested, trying to wriggle free. Another handful of sand landed in her hair. He merely grinned up at her, his face alight with glee. Natalie wouldn’t hazard a guess this was a side to Karl few people ever got to see.
“Perhaps trying to bury your father isn’t a good idea. I think he’s stronger than the two of up put together. Come on no more sand, Anna,” Natalie urged, as she almost ended up eating the next handful. 
“All right. Let’s build that castle then,” the girl decided. 
While Karl retrieved his towel, Natalie and Anna started laying their plans for the fortress. 
Half an hour later Anna was still coming up with ideas, but their castle didn’t seem to be getting much taller. When Natalie glanced at Karl she realized he must have fallen asleep. He was lying on his stomach, with his face buried against his shoulder. His hair was already dry and falling across his forehead in unruly waves. 
“I think your father’s fallen asleep, Anna,” she whispered in the child’s ear. 
“Really! Do you think we could try and bury him now?” 
“You have such a devious mind, kiddo. Wouldn’t it wake him up?” 
“He’s a really heavy sleeper.” 
“Does he snore?” Natalie asked. 
“You ought to know, after he got into bed with you the other night.” 
Natalie was glad she couldn’t see her blush. Anna was still too young to think of the implications of such a statement, but it still succeeded in embarrassing her.
“Did he cuddle you?” Anna asked. 
“Only to comfort me,” she replied. 
“He’s good at that. He’s also good at really hard slaps when I’m naughty.” 
“That’s not too often, I hope.” 
“No. I’m away too much. It was Mamma who used to hit and yell at me the most,” she replied. 
“I thought you didn’t remember your mother.” Natalie didn’t like the sound of this, but realized it was another revelation. It still didn’t help shed any more light on to the mystery of Karl’s wife’s apparent desertion. In fact it only seemed to intensify Natalie’s curiosity as to why they had parted in the first place. 
“I remember her hitting me. She used to get mad at me a lot, much more than Dad ever does. I’m glad I have such a kind Daddy.” 
“Perhaps we shouldn’t bury him in the sand then.” 
“Are you two still conspiring about doing me in?” Karl said, and Natalie glanced over to see him lever himself into a sitting position. She noticed that there wasn’t one inch of excess fat on his stomach.
“No, we’ve changed our mind,” Anna announced. 
“And have you changed your mind about a swim yet?” he asked, glancing at Natalie. “You really ought to wash away all that sand.” 
“It’ll come off when it’s dry,” she replied, glancing away from him. 
“Come for a swim with me?” he implored, rising to his feet. “You stay and finish your castle, Anna. We won’t be long.” 
“It’s all right. By the time we get back to the house it’ll have all come off,” Natalie insisted, but he already had hold of her arm, pulling her up off the sand. 
“I don’t want to go in the water,” she protested again, but Karl started walking, keeping his strong fingers firmly around her forearm. 
“You’ll never get over your fear unless you get in. I’ll be with you the entire time. I won’t let anything happen to you. I promise,” he insisted meaningfully.
Although she trusted him, she was afraid. The dark, towering shadows were already there, in the periphery of her vision. “What about Anna?” 
“She’ll be all right on her own for a short time. Besides, we’ll be able to keep an eye on her from the water.” 
They reached the wet sand where the next wave washed against her toes. Natalie felt her pace slowing, and Karl stopped pushing her. He merely walked beside her holding onto her arm. Glancing sideways at him she could see then that he really did care about her. His encouraging smile showed he wanted to help her overcome her fear of the ocean. 
Unlike a swimming pool the height of the water was never constant. As they waded deeper, it first tugged at her knees, then pushing against her middle. 
“I can’t.” she moaned, as a wave splashed against her chest. 
“You can swim Natalie. I’ve seen you. There’s no rips here. Nothing to be afraid of. It’s a calm day. They’re only small waves.” 
“Please don’t let go of me?” she pleaded, staring at him with wide, frightened eyes, as the water splashed against her shoulders. 
“I’ve got you. I’m here with you,” he reiterated gently. 
Suddenly a wave splashed against her face and she cried out, seeing only terrifying blackness. 
“Open your eyes, Nattie. Open your eyes.” His voice seemed to be coming from a long way away, as her feet stopped touching bottom. She tried to do as he said, but it wasn’t easy fighting against the stormy ocean which had almost drowned her and taken her father. 
Karl held her close to him. She felt his hard body against hers, and was finally able to open her eyes. It was such a relief to see him that she merely clung to him as they both trod water. 
“You must keep your eyes open. You have to see how safe this water is compared to that which frightens you in your mind,” he reassured her. “Now I’m going to move away from you, just a little.” 
“No!” she protested vehemently, wrapping her arms tightly around his neck. Her action almost succeeded in forcing him under, but he managed to pry her hands from him. 
“I’ve still got hold of you. Don’t be afraid liebling. Look! There’s Anna.” 
As she turned her head to focus on the shore, he let go of her hands. 
“No!” she screamed. “You promised!” and made to lunge towards him, but he continued to swim further out of reach. “No Karl!” 
“It’s all right. I’m right here. You’re swimming on your own. You’re swimming and you’re not going to drown. Keep your eyes open and swim.” 
Somehow Natalie managed to do as he urged. She forced her eyelids to stay open as she battled to keep the paralyzing darkness at bay. She saw Karl, and Anna on the shore. Her head was above the water. There were no more terrifying towers of blackness. With Karl’s help she had thwarted them, this time at least. 
He stayed out of reach a little while longer, before coming to her, drawing her into his strong embrace. 
“You can touch bottom now,” he said with a smile. She stretched out her legs to feel the safe, coarse sand beneath her toes. 
“Oh Karl, that was... I can’t explain it. My heart is still beating at a hundred miles an hour,” she stammered, gasping for breath. 
“This is perhaps the calmest you’ll ever get on this beach. I wouldn’t have done it if I thought you couldn’t cope. But going in once isn’t going to solve the problem. You have to do it again. We’ll do it together, all right.” 
She merely nodded, burying her face against his slick wet shoulder. She’d only known him a few weeks, had only made love to him once, but he’d shown her more care and understanding than Rick ever had. Rick would never have thought to take her out swimming to try and help her overcome her fear of the ocean. Neither would he have held her close till she fell asleep in his arms after her terrifying nightmare. The times she’d stayed overnight with him had all been about sex.
“We’d better head back now,” Karl said finally, prying her arms from around his neck, and Natalie noticed that the sun was hovering rather low on the horizon, the sky an attractive shade of crimson, a beautiful sight Anna would never be able to enjoy. That thought saddened Natalie, but she reminded herself that the young girl had a loving father, who would always be able to buy her whatever her little heart desired. 
They returned to where Anna was making great inroads with her castle. It now had turrets and a tower at each end. 
“I hate to spoil your architectural wonder, but it’s time to go home,” Karl announced. 
“Aw Dad. I haven’t finished yet. Five more minutes, please?” 
“All right. Tell me what needs doing?” he said, flopping down on the sand beside her.
Natalie dried herself with her towel, and then sank wearily onto it to watch them. After her ordeal in the water she was exhausted. Her entire body felt like jelly, yet, with Karl’s help she had taken the first step to overcoming her fear. He was a caring man, and a gentle one, but he had problems, just like her, and one day she hoped she could help him with his, as he had done for her on this bright summer’s day. 
When they returned to the house, they found that Barbara was still asleep. 
“She wasn’t feeling well. I think we should let her sleep on. I’ll take care of dinner if you like,” Natalie suggested, as they returned to the kitchen after their respective showers to wash the sand away. 
“But you’re here to rest too,” Karl insisted. 
“I cook a pretty mean pizza, providing Barbara has all the ingredients.” 
“We could always order one,” he suggested. 
“Yes, let’s have pizza. I love pizza,” Anna cried enthusiastically. 
“That solves that problem then,” Karl decided. “I’ll go and give them a call.” 
Once he was gone, Anna said, “That’s the first time he’s ever done that. He wouldn’t even let me go to McDonalds for lunch today. It had to be one of those fancy restaurants he always goes to.” 
Natalie realized this was a treat for the young girl, and thought of all the times she’d ordered pizza and eaten at McDonalds because she couldn’t afford to go anywhere else. 
Karl was in his study when the front door bell chimed. With Anna in tow she picked up the money Karl had left on a nearby table to pay for the pizza, and entered the foyer to open the front door. After always accessing the house through the garage, she was a little awed by the marble tiles and the decadent chandelier hanging over the centre of the floor. She had to yank hard to get one of the heavy wooden doors open. 
She was surprised to see Luke, one of Trevor’s surfing mates on the doorstep with their pizza. He looked just as taken aback. She’d forgotten he made pizza deliveries to earn extra cash. 
Luke was the first to recover. “What are you doing here, Nat?” 
“Baby-sitting,” she replied hurriedly. 
“I’m not a baby,” Anna protested. 
“Here, Anna, take this through to the kitchen,” Natalie said, taking the pizza box from Luke. She pressed it against her stomach so she knew what Natalie was handing her. “Anna-sitting then. Go on.” 
She took the pizza, returning in the direction from which they had come. 
“More like brat-sitting,” Luke muttered, once the child was out of hearing range. 
“No she’s not. I thought you’d gone away with Trevor.” 
“I was going to but then I got rostered on for tonight. I need the money too much to knock back the work. I thought you got enough of the kids during the week without having to baby-sit on the weekend as well. Although the people who own this place must be able to pay you a pretty packet to look after her. I’ve always wanted to see inside this house. Do you suppose I could have a quick squiz?” 
“I don’t think that’s a good idea. I’m sorry, but I don’t want to eat cold pizza.” 
“Yeah sure. See ya round.” He turned and headed back down the stairs. 
Natalie pushed the door closed. She hated lying to her brother’s friend, but if Trevor found out the real reason she was at Karl’s house she’d never hear the end of it. Trevor had teased her enough about Rick as it was, without her needing a repeat performance about Karl. He obviously thought he was being funny, but Natalie didn’t approve of his crude innuendoes, and she doubted Karl would either. Rick, of course, had taken them in his stride, sometimes even joining forces with her brother. When they came here for Christmas, Karl would undoubtedly be trying to maintain a casual distance between them, so Trevor didn’t need to know the real nature of their relationship, not until it was necessary to tell him. 
They were halfway through the pizza when Barbara entered the kitchen. 
“I’m sorry I wasn’t around to cook dinner,” she apologized. “Why didn’t anyone wake me?” 
“You seemed to need the rest, so we let you be,” Karl replied. “Come and have some pizza before its all gone.” 
“I wonder whose idea this was,” the older woman said, glancing in Natalie’s direction. Judging by her grateful expression, she was glad Natalie had been there for the weekend.
After every last slice of pizza had been eaten, they retired into the lounge to play scrabble. Barbara stayed to tidy up the kitchen, before returning to her part of the house for some more rest and recuperation. Natalie hoped she’d feel better in the morning. 
Karl finally managed to get Anna to go to bed some time around nine o’clock, reminding her they had an early start in the morning.
When he returned, Karl suggested they go for a walk in the moonlight. 
Once outside, Natalie discovered he’d been right. The moon was out, illuminating clearly the path to the beach. They walked along the sand, hand in hand, and Natalie savored their last moments together before life returned to normal. 
“Anna seemed to enjoy your company this weekend,” Karl said, after they’d been walking in silence for several minutes. The sand felt cool and refreshing against her feet. 
“I like her. She’s a great kid, brought up by a great father.” 
“I try my best. Thanks for sharing your time with both of us. It’s been a good weekend, hasn’t it?” he said, slowing his pace.
“Not bad,” she replied, but inside she knew it had been the best she’d had in a long time. 
“Let’s go and sit down,” Karl suggested. “There’s some grass over there.” 
It wasn’t the course spinifex one usually found along the beach front, but thick and soft like carpet. Perhaps it was part of a rejuvenation program, Natalie thought, as she lay back upon it. It felt good to be out in the open at this time of night. There didn’t seem to be another soul around, and all she could hear was the sound of the waves slapping against the shore. 
“You are so beautiful, Natalie. You drive me crazy with desire,” she heard Karl whisper close to her ear. Her eyelids fluttered open to see him leaning over her. She realized then why he’d brought her here. Natalie had never made love out in the open before, and judging by the way Karl was grinning at her, neither had he. 
“Let’s be the daring young things, Natalie. Let’s unite our souls under the stars.” 
She wanted to keep their relationship secret from Trevor, and he wanted to keep it secret from Anna. Why then did she feel as though she was being cheated? She should be welcoming Karl’s kisses, as she had at the cottage, but somehow she felt cheapened, and made a feeble attempt to push him away. 
“What’s wrong? You wanted it yesterday. Why not today?” he asked, and moved to kiss her again. 
“Not like this, Karl,” she protested. 
“Why not? I thought it would be special to make love under the stars. No one will see us.” 
“That’s not the point. It just doesn’t feel right. I don’t want to be kept a secret from everyone.”
There, she had said it. Karl merely remained leaning on one arm, gazing down at her, but because his face was in shadow, she was unable to determine what his expression revealed, if it revealed anything at all. 
“You were the one who was worried about the newspaper article and what it would do to your reputation,” he reminded her. 
“That’s not the point. I just want you to be consistent. Yesterday afternoon was special - wonderful, but when we returned to your house, it was as though nothing had happened.” 
“You don’t think my father and Tania don’t know what’s going on. But it’s Anna I need to be careful of. I don’t want her getting the wrong idea.” 
“That I’m your lover?” 
“Yes. I want her to grow up with the right morals, the right ideals...” 
“And Daddy dearest having affairs, left right and centre, isn’t going to teach her right from wrong, is it? She’s far away now not to be subjected to all the gossip, but she won’t be immune to it forever. One day she’s going to hear about your dubious love life.” 
“My love life is not dubious,” he demurred stridently, moving away from her, to sit with his arms leaning against his bent knees. She saw him rake his fingers through his hair, the most obvious sign he was angry and frustrated. Natalie knew she’d gone further than she should have, but she wanted reassurance that she wasn’t just going to be a casual affair on the side. Her heart ached for more, clearly more than he was prepared to give. 
“It never has been,” he went on. “I thought you were above all that nonsense, Natalie. Would it make any difference if I told you all that gossip is wrong, every last scrap of it? Probably not. What I can tell you is why I’m such a popular topic of conversation. It’s because I’m wealthy and single. That’s the only reason.” 
“And handsome,” she added.
He slanted a sideways glance at her. “Well, I’m glad you think so.”
“I’m sorry. I should never have brought it up,” she murmured uncomfortably. He was right of course. She had been listening to gossip and suddenly felt guilty for falling into the same trap as everybody else. 
“What, about me being handsome, or about the gossip?”
“The gossip, of course.”
He laughed at that. “I want Anna to get to know you as my friend, a very special friend, and when she’s old enough to understand I’ll tell her about the birds and the bees, and about us. I want you in my life, Natalie Scott, and yes, I want those who are close to us to know you’re special to me. That’s what you want too. That’s what this silly argument is all about, isn’t it?” 
Natalie nodded, not trusting herself to speak. She wanted to believe him. If he really meant what he was saying, they were getting somewhere. Bit by bit she was breaking down the barriers between them. Bit by bit his love would blossom and bloom. It had to. Natalie dreaded to think what would happen if it didn’t. Sure he liked to be in control and dominate situations, but be was also tender and caring, with a troubled past too grim to talk about. Something must have gone desperately wrong between him and his wife for it still to hurt him so deeply. 
“So, shall we make love on the beach or not?” be asked finally, leaning over her once more. 
“You know I can’t resist your sexy body,” she murmured in reply. 
His warm, sensuous mouth descended to cover hers, and he kissed her with true abandonment. His passion was dark and powerful, inciting a wild, wantonness within her. She responded, returning need for need, fire with fire. 
He looked like a Norse God in the moonlight, as he covered her slim body with his. Beautiful and strong. The perfect lover - and he was all hers. 
It was an incredibly sensual experience making love out in the open on the beach. With the sound of nature’s chorus caressing the shore, Natalie took Karl deep inside. They moved together, clinging to one another’s perspiration soaked bodies, till Natalie was soaring so high she thought she had reached the stars. 
CHAPTER NINE
On Monday morning they headed south in the BMW. Natalie had helped Anna get dressed and discovered just how many pretty outfits the young girl had in her wardrobe.
Anna was wearing a bright floral dress, which could quite easily out-do Debbie with its iridescent orange, yellow and purple Ken Done pattern. 
Karl was back in business attire, with his hair brushed so neatly the renegade curl still hadn’t had the chance to defy gravity and drop rakishly across his forehead.
Natalie of course was in jeans and a plain yellow blouse, but had applied some lipstick before leaving the house. Barbara had packed a wholesome lunch for them both, and Anna had crammed her pencil-case, textas, drawing pad and a Braille story-book into her back-pack.
“I want to listen to a rock station,” Anna complained when Karl tuned the radio into a news station.
“And I want to arrive for work relaxed, not stressed out from listening to that loud thumping you call music,” Karl replied.
“You can listen to the radio at the centre,” Natalie appeased.
“I’ll be at the cottage this morning to supervise the repairs and removal of that tree. I’ll also feed Adolf for you,” Karl said.
“I hope he won’t be too upset about not being fed yesterday,” Natalie remarked. She hadn’t been in the mood to make the drive. Neither had she wanted to risk causing any kind of damage to Karl’s sports-car, yet it made her wonder what it would feel like to be in control of such a powerful machine. 
“He probably escaped and ate the neighbors,” Anna giggled. 
“In that case his stomach would be full of plastic from Mrs Rogers curlers,” Natalie replied, trying to stifle a giggle herself. 
Nobody else had arrived when Karl stopped the car outside the child care centre. He turned in his seat to look at his daughter. “You be good for Natalie today, won’t you?” 
“I will. I’m going to help her with the babies. I’ll be one of the child care workers,” she announced. “You don’t have to babysit me.” 
Natalie realized that her comment to Luke still rankled, and vowed to enlist Anna’s assistance as much as possible throughout the day. 
“That’s good. Now how about giving your father a kiss goodbye,” he said. She leaned forward to do as be urged. 
“Now kiss Natalie,” she declared. 
“She’s getting too big for her boots,” he remarked, but brought his lips to Natalie’s, kissing her more lingeringly than she thought he would have dared in front of his daughter. It reminded her of the previous evening on the beach. It still amazed her how ardently she responded to Karl. When she was in his arms she never wanted to let him go. 
“Now you’re boyfriend and girlfriend,” Anna announced cheerfully when Karl’s lips left Natalie’s. 
“Precocious little wench,” he muttered with a wry smile. “Go on, get to work, both of you.” 
“Come on Anna. I want to show you around before the little ones start arriving,” Natalie said, opening the door. Anna followed suit. Natalie took her hand and guided her up the path to the house, hoping with all her heart that Anna’s statement would come true. She’d be quite happy to become Karl’s girlfriend, not something she would ever have envisaged two days ago. 
She was still getting Anna acquainted with the layout of the centre when Debbie arrived. Natalie heard her in the kitchen and encouraged Anna to lead them both back there. The young girl found it without bumping into anything along the way. 
“This is Debbie. She’s one of the other workers. This is my friend, Anna,” she introduced adult to child. 
“Isn’t she a bit old to be here?” Debbie remarked in surprise. 
“Anna’s on school holidays. She’s come to help out for the day, and finish my picture so I can take it home with me tonight, right?” 
“Oh well, I suppose we could do with an extra pair of hands,” Debbie said with a small shrug.
“I’ve just finished showing Anna around. Everything’s all ready to go so we can all have a drink. Would you like a cup of hot chocolate, Anna?” 
“Love one, please,” she replied politely. 
“I’ll get it,” Debbie announced. “You’ll have your usual caffeine fix, Nat?” 
“Yes, thanks.” 
“So how old are you, Anna?” Debbie asked, as she turned on the jug. 
“I’m eight, almost nine, and in year four next year,” she replied proudly. 
“And where do you go to school?” 
Natalie urged Anna to sit down at the table, and she took the spot opposite her. 
“In Sydney. I go to a special school because I’m as blind as a bat.” 
That made Debbie turn to stare at her. 
“She’s right. Anna is blind, or almost, but she manages remarkably well,” Natalie explained. “She won’t be a burden to us today.” 
“And where did you two meet one another?” Debbie asked, quickly recovering from her second surprise of the morning. 
“At Dad’s house. He brought Nattie home because her house got damaged in the storm,” Anna replied for her. 
“And who exactly is your father?” 
“Karl Messer,” Natalie supplied. 
“What?” Debbie exclaimed, dropping the spoon she was holding. 
“Yes, I was pretty surprised too when he told me, but Anna’s a really nice kid.” 
Debbie bent to pick up the item of cutlery, and when she had righted herself, glanced at Anna’s smiling face again, realizing what Natalie said had to be true. “No wonder I couldn’t reach you all weekend. So, did you have a good time?” 
“The best,” Anna answered for her. “Nattie and I are going to be holiday friends, aren’t we? And she’s coming for Christmas with her brother.” 
“I have to ask him first. He might not want to,” she replied, vowing to ring and discuss it with him that evening. 
Debbie finished making the coffee and Anna’s chocolate, setting it down in front of her. Not long after the door bell chimed. Natalie urged Anna to stay in the kitchen until all the children had arrived before she came to help with the games. 
Having Anna at the centre proved more trying than expected. Natalie found herself watching out for her more than she thought she would have needed to. Debbie, to her credit didn’t comment on it. Anna, however, enjoyed herself immensely. She spent a great deal of the time playing with the babies. During afternoon nap-time, Natalie urged her to work on her picture, and the two women took a well earned coffee break, sitting in the sun on the back steps. 
“Nice, but a handful,” Debbie remarked, taking a sip from her cup. “So what exactly is going on between you and her father, may I ask? Wasn’t it only days ago that you couldn’t stand the man. What gives, Nat?” 
“I found out he had a daughter. That was what did it, I’m afraid. At first I thought she’d be a spoilt brat, but when I met her, and saw how well they get on together...” 
“You changed your mind about him,” Debbie finished for her. “The image of him as the family man still doesn’t seem to fit. Where on earth is Anna’s mother?”
“Dead, apparently.” 
“Really! The image of Karl Messer as a grieving widower is even harder to take than the doting father. So you’ve gone and fallen for him, after all?”
Natalie nodded. 
“I hope you know what you’re doing. Abigail mightn’t have known about Anna, but he still rejected her. He might love his daughter, but I’m sure there must be some grain of truth in all those rumors. I mean, there has to be a reason they started in the first place.” 
“You’ll be here for me to mop up the tears if he breaks my heart, won’t you?” Natalie remarked, trying to sound flippant, but knowing she sounded anything but.
“What are friends for?” She reached out and squeezed Natalie’s hand. “Good luck messing with the Messers.” 
All too soon it was time to return inside to organize the children for their afternoon activities. This time Anna stayed out of the way, and when most of the children had been picked up by their parents, she announced that Natalie could see her picture. She placed it on the table in front of her, and both women leant over it. 
“I had to make sure if you were going to be a princess you had a Prince Charming to take you to the ball,” and true to her word there were two people in the picture standing in front of a rather impressive palace. The woman’s dress was an ostentatious affair, long and flowing, with intricate patterns on the skirt. The man had yellow hair and a very princely coat with lots of shiny glitter-pen buttons.
“I like the guy’s smile,” Debbie remarked. “He isn’t modeled on anyone we know, by any chance?”
“No,” Anna immediately disclaimed. 
“I’ll bet,” Debbie scoffed, glancing at Natalie knowingly. Anna seemed to want her and Karl to get together as much as she did. She hoped more than ever that her friendship with the young girl would achieve both their ultimate goals. 
The front door bell chimed and Natalie went to let the man in question in. 
“She wasn’t too much trouble, I hope?” he asked, placing a kiss against her lips. “Nobody saw that,” he added, as she glanced over her shoulder down the corridor. But it had merely been to see whether Anna had followed her to the door. The little girl hadn’t. 
“I wouldn’t care if they did. Not anymore,” she replied. 
“You’ve certainly changed your tune,” he said, as Natalie turned to head back to the kitchen. Once they entered the room Anna got up to show him Natalie’s picture. 
“She’s going to the ball,” she said as he took it from her for a closer perusal. “With Prince Charming.” 
“Let’s hope he really is charming and means it,” Debbie remarked drolly. 
“I’m jealous already,” he replied, winking at Natalie. 
“You lot are all dense heads. I know who he is,” Anna cried, pointing at Karl. He smiled, and it did look very much like that on the face of the man in the picture. 
“Now that you mention it, there is a likeness there,” he said thoughtfully. “It’s very good, darling, but now it’s time to go home. Are you both ready?” 
“I’ll wait for Abby,” Debbie replied, undoubtedly hoping that by abbreviating Abigail’s name, Karl wouldn’t realize who she was meant. He didn’t seem to, as he urged Anna to put everything back into her pencil case. 
Abigail, however, caught sight of them getting into Karl’s car. Natalie saw her walking up the street, and although she couldn’t see her expression, she knew Abigail had worked out who the little blonde girl belonged to. 
After a slobber attack from Adolf, Natalie entered the silent house. Even though the fallen tree was gone, a messy carpet of leaves remained for her to rake up. She decided not to worry about it tonight. Everything inside looked as she’d left it. The carpet was still a bit damp, but the new windows looked like they’d always been there.
Natalie fed Adolf before returning back inside to make her own meal. She was chopping up veggies when she felt a gust of cool air against the back of her neck. Thinking she’d left the door open, she turned around to discover Sean standing directly behind her.
“How many times do I have to tell you not to scare me like that?” she demanded crossly, realizing just how far she’d pushed him from her mind over the past few days.
He frowned at her. “I missed you Natalie. What happened to you?”
“Well, I couldn’t exactly stay here after all the damage the storm did to the place,” she muttered.
“So where did ye go, back to yer old house?”
“No, I stayed with some friends.” She turned to give him her full attention. “Look, I don’t really feel like talking to you tonight.”
He looked positively shattered.
 “Don’t take it the wrong way,” she appeased. “I just want peace and quiet tonight. I’ve had a really busy weekend.”
“Ye were with that man, weren’t you, Mr Messer?”
“So what if I was. It’s none of your concern.”
She could tell from his expression that he very much considered it his concern.
“Look, in a couple of months I’ll be gone, and the owners of this house will be back.”
That just upset him even more. He turned away from her, and disappeared into the ether.
“Oh damn!” Natalie muttered in frustration. 
This was just getting more complicated by the minute. She couldn’t cope with his jealousy anymore. It was an impossible situation. Neither of them could possibly gain anything from it. Maybe she really did have to move out, she thought regretfully, as she returned to her food preparation.
As expected, Trevor proved particularly intractable about spending Christmas with strangers, when she rang him the following evening. 
“You know Tania,” she reminded him. “Do you really want it to be just the two of us? I think it would be great to spend it with other people. They live on the beach, so you can bring your surf-board if you like.” 
That made him waver. “I’ll think about it and get back to you.” 
“Don’t think too long, because I need to know if we’re going so I can buy them presents.” 
“Why do you want to get virtual strangers gifts for?” 
“I know them, and it’s the polite thing to do. I’ll get them from both of us. How’s that? All you need to do is turn up.” 
“Yeah all right. I’ll come. Might as well check out this dude Tania’s marrying.” 
Once she hung up, Natalie sat there thinking about what kind of gifts she should buy. Finally she settled on fun presents, things which would make the recipient smile. Not even Trevor would be able to scoff at that. 
When she slipped into bed, she realized how much she missed Karl. Reminiscing about their special weekend together made her wish he was here with her in the bed. She longed to wake in the morning to see his blonde head on the pillow beside her. She ached to feel his soft lips on hers, his gentle hands caressing her skin, his big strong body moving erotically against hers. With his image swimming in the forefront of her mind, she finally drifted off to asleep.
But she didn’t dream about Karl. 
Instead she dreamt about Sean lying in the bed beside her, stroking her face with tender fingers, telling her he loved her. Those were words Karl had never used, and to hear it from the ghost’s lips stirred her more than she though anything could. She responded, reaching for him, pulling him into her arms to kiss him with all the tenderness in her heart.
Natalie jerked awake, wondering what had woken her. A sliver of moonlight slanted across the floor, making the furniture look like hulking shadows ready to pounce. Her pulse thundered in her ears, but what made her jump up with a shriek was the sight of Sean lying propped on one elbow on the bed beside her.
She scrambled back, almost falling off the other side. 
“Get out of my bed,” she yelled at him.
When he didn’t move, Natalie jumped out of the bed instead. It was probably the middle of the night, but all of a sudden she had to get out of here, get away from him. Slipping into her dressing gown she hurried from the room.
“Where are you going?” he called after her.
She turned to see Sean right behind her. “Getting away from you,” she yelled at him. “You’re driving me insane.”
“How do ye think I feel?” he shot back.
“You shouldn’t be feeling anything. You shouldn’t even be here.”
“And maybe ye’re the reason for that. Have ye ever stopped to think about that?”
Natalie gaped at him. “No, I won’t take responsibility for that.”
He reached out to her, and before she could step back, she felt something brush against her shoulder, his hand. It made her jump. 
“I can feel ye, Natalie,” he said. “And ye can feel me. See.” 
Again he touched her arm, and yes, she felt it. His hand looked almost whole. She really had to squint to see through it. It made her realize that somehow, beyond all reason, he was coming back to life, and it was her doing.
“Oh my God,” she stepped back, covering her face with her hands. “This can’t be happening.”
“It is happening,” he said softly, obviously just as awed by the prospect as she was, but probably for entirely different reasons.
She dropped her hands, shaking her head. “You can’t live again. It isn’t possible.”
He stepped in again, and Natalie could swear she felt a shifting in the air. “When I lay down beside you, I touched you, and you –“
“Oh no! God no!” She hadn’t dreamt him stroking her and kissing her. It really had happened.
“Yes, ye kissed me, Natalie. It felt so good. Kiss me again,” he urged, his eyes lighting with desire.
“No,” she sidled away from him. Scooping up her handbag off the lounge she bolted to the door.
“Where are you going?” He followed her. “It’s the middle of the night.”
“I’m going home. I can’t stay here with you. I’m with Karl now.”
“Karl? Mr Messer?”
“Yes.”
“Don’t go to him. I’m the one who loves you.” 
“Love?” This was getting worse by the minute.
“Aye. I love you Natalie.”
“No you don’t. You just think I’m some kind of reincarnation of your wife.” She opened the door. “I really have to go.”
“Will ye ever come back?”
Natalie thought he sounded utterly shattered. “Only to collect my things.”
“Oh no, Natalie. Don’t leave me,” he pleaded behind her.
“I have to. It’s the only sensible thing to do. Can’t you see that?”
“All right. I’ll leave you alone, as long as you don’t move out.”
Natalie finally turned around to face him. “Do you really mean that?”
The corners of his mouth turned down as he nodded sadly. “Whatever makes you happy. So long as you don’t leave me here all alone.”
“I don’t know. I have to think about it.” She turned and walked through the door, letting it slam shut behind her.
Her hands were still shaking as she started her car. Natalie hadn’t felt this chilled with terror since the day her mother told her she was dying, or the night she almost drowned. As she turned the car onto the road, she wanted to head straight for Karl’s house, but knew their relationship wasn’t strong enough for her to burden him with this. He probably wouldn’t even believe her. Neither for that matter would Trevor.
Natalie did the sensible thing and headed home. She let herself into the dark, silent house, and quietly crept to the room she’d grown up in. It was pretty much as she’d left it, with the bed still made up. She contemplated waking Trevor to tell him she was here, but reasoned he’d see her car parked out the front soon enough.
Trying to get any more sleep proved a futile endeavor, so when she heard Trevor moving about, getting ready for work, Natalie got out of bed. She found some clothes to wear in the wardrobe, glad she hadn’t taken everything with her to the cottage, since she’d taken off in only her nightie and dressing-gown. 
Natalie startled her brother when she entered the kitchen behind him.
“Struth Nat, what are you doing here?” he gasped, swinging round to face her. His tousled red hair made him look too much like Sean for her liking, but Trevor’s face was fuller and his eyes hazel instead of green.
“The cottage is haunted,” she burst out.
“What?” He stared bleary eyed at her.
“It’s haunted by the ghost of Sean O’Shea.”
“Jesus Nat, I’m not even awake yet. What the hell are you talking about?”
“Oh never mind. I didn’t think you’d understand anyway,” she muttered more to herself than to him.
“How about I get us both a cup of coffee and then you tell me what’s going on.”
“Thanks,” she murmured, sitting down at the old dining nook. Rubbing her weary eyes, she placed her elbows on the chipped Formica table top.
“Here you go,” he said a few minutes later, placing a steaming mug in front of her. He sat down opposite with his own mug, and nodded at her.
“I know you’re going to find this hard to believe, Terv, but that house is haunted by its founder.”
“There’s no such thing as ghosts, Nat.”
“That’s what I thought, but he sure as hell is real to me, well as real as a ghost can be. He told me I’m the only one who’s ever noticed him. You know the story of Sean O’Shea, don’t you?”
“Well kind of. But Nat, are you sure you weren’t imaging him? I mean we’ve both been through a lot lately. Could it just be the stress of losing Mum getting to you?”
“I wish it was. That would make it so much easier. But he really is there, and now he’s gone and fallen in love with me, probably because I remind him so much of his wife. You have to believe me Trev. You know I wouldn’t make anything like this up. You know how level headed I normally am.”
“Yeah, that’s what scares me. Maybe you really are falling apart, you know delayed shock, or whatever it’s called.”
“Post-traumatic stress,” she elucidated. “I wish it was something like that, but it’s not. I don’t think I can go on living there. Tonight I found him in my bed. That was the final straw.”
Trevor just shook his head, and she could see he was having trouble coping with her revelation and her fragile emotional state. “So do you want to come back home?”
“I think it would be for the best.”
“That’s fine with me. I never thought you should have moved out there in the first place… But, tell you what, how about I stay there with you for a couple of nights before you do. Does it have a spare room?”
Natalie nodded. She hadn’t thought of that. “Actually, that sounds like a really good idea. But he probably won’t show himself to you, and you’ll still think I’m mad.”
“I don’t think you’re mad,” he said meaningfully.
“Thanks Trev. I’m glad we were able to have a talk without trying to kill one another for a change.”
He laughed nervously. “Yeah, me too. Besides, it’ll be nice to watch that great big TV and go to sleep listing to the sea.”
“You might have to fight Sean for it. He likes watching TV.”
His brows shot up. “The ghost watches TV?”
“I’ve left it on for him a couple of times.”
“Man, you’re deadly serious about this dead guy.”
She frowned at him. “That wasn’t funny Trev.”
“Sorry,” he muttered, draining the last of his coffee. “Let’s have some breakfast.”
CHAPTER TEN
It wasn’t easy to find all the gifts she’d planned on, but after trawling through crowded shopping centres in Nowra and Wollongong, Natalie piled them carefully into the back of Trevor’s utility, along with his surf-board, wet-suit and towel. 
“So where exactly do these people live?” he asked once they were both seated in the vehicle. It was just after ten and already turning out to be a steaming hot day. 
Natalie told him. “Don’t worry, I won’t get us lost. I’ve been there before.” 
“Really! Oh, that’s right, you were baby-sitting for some rich people last weekend up that way. Is it their place?” 
“The son’s actually.” 
“It’s that real estate guy, isn’t it? The one you rented the cottage from,” he remarked, as he reversed the utility back up the drive. 
“Yes, that’s right.” 
“Tania rang me during the week to make sure I was coming. She told me all about her upcoming wedding and the world-tour honeymoon. If he’s anything as pretentious as her, I’m not sticking around,” he asserted. 
Natalie groaned inwardly, realizing that her brother definitely had a chip on his shoulder. “Tania isn’t pretentious, just a touch outrageous. She really did care about Mum.” 
“Yeah, until she met that German bloke,” he remarked snidely. Natalie had no idea how true that was since she’d been living in Sydney at the time.
Trevor had spent the past few nights at the cottage, and as expected, Sean hadn’t materialized, just as she’d suspected. Knowing someone else was in the house with her, made it easier to fall asleep without having to worry about what creepy situation might wake her next. Perhaps she could talk Trevor into staying with her until the lease was up. Even though she’d originally wanted it for herself to give them some time apart, Trevor hadn’t annoyed her anymore than he usually did. In fact he’d been doing more than his fair share about the place. He’d even swept up all the leaves from the fallen tree, and kept Adolf amused by taking him for walks and playing with him in the backyard.
“Holy crap! It’s even fancier than I imagined,” Trevor exclaimed, once he stopped the utility behind Dieter’s BMW. She assumed it was his, for Tania drove a sporty Mazda coupe. “How on earth did this guy make his millions?” 
“He owns a resort, up near Nowra,” Natalie told him. 
“So he’s the one! The great Karl Messer everyone’s raving about,” he snorted. 
“Come on let’s go in,” Natalie said, knowing precisely how he’d react once he found out about Karl and herself, but she’d been the one not to want to keep the nature of their relationship secret from their family and friends. She’d told Karl not to hide his feelings for her, and now it was too late to give Trevor the facts since he was already carrying a pile of presents up to the house. 
Karl opened the door to them. “So this is the owner of Adolf, the ferocious hound,” he said, relieving Trevor of some of the presents.
“And you’re the guy who made me sign him over to Natalie for six months,” he retorted. 
“You didn’t really miss him that much,” Natalie remarked, hoping to keep potential animosity from brewing, on Trevor’s part at least. 
“Come through. Anna’s anxious to see you,” Karl said, moving aside to allow brother and sister past. 
“Merry Christmas, Nattie!” the young girl cried, rushing forward to embrace her as she entered the sitting room, where Tania and Dieter were also waiting for them. As she returned Anna’s welcoming hug, she saw the huge Christmas tree, decorated with sparkling tinsel, intricate festive decorations and brightly colored lights. Scattered beneath it were both opened and unopened presents, most of which appeared to be toys for Anna. 
Karl introduced Anna to Trevor, and she reached out to give the reluctant young man a hug. Once he’d extracted himself from her exuberant embrace Karl introduced his father. While Trevor joined them in the lounge area, Anna pulled Natalie towards the assortment of gifts. 
“I got three new hit CDs,” she announced excitedly. “They’re around here somewhere. A new drawing pad, a Ferrari car for my Barbie doll, and heaps more.” She turned to the people sitting on the lounges. “Can I give Nattie her present now?” 
“Not yet. I think she would welcome a drink first,” her father said, coming to stand beside where Natalie was crouching on the floor. He held out a small liqueur glass. “Try this,” he suggested. 
“It won’t bite, will it?” she replied, standing up to accept the proferred glass. 
He smiled, shaking his head. 
As she accepted it, her fingers brushed against his. It had been almost a week since she’d seen him, although he’d rang her every day, mostly at work, and she felt like ignoring the others to get up to kiss his beautifully shaped lips. By the way he was smiling at her she knew he was thinking exactly the same thing. 
“Its cherry liqueur,” he said. “Come and sit down. Anna can do without you for a few minutes.” He took hold of her arm to guide her to the lounge opposite Tama and Dieter. Behind them Anna did utter a protest, but then turned back to her pile of gifts. Natalie noticed Trevor’s narrowed gaze as Karl settled himself beside her, extending his arm along the back of the lounge behind her shoulders. Natalie brought the glass to her lips as his thigh brushed against hers, making her long to crawl into his embrace and stay there. 
“Very nice,” she remarked, trying to keep her hands from shaking and spilling the drink. Karl must have noticed, because he took the glass from her and placed it on the coffee table in front of them, but not before she felt his lips graze her cheek.
“I’ve missed you, Natalie,” he murmured against her ear.
“I’ve missed you too,” she admitted, just as Anna crawled across the floor to attract her attention away from him.
Tania was the one who attempted to include Trevor in the conversation, but Natalie could see he was determined to remain uncommunicative. He’d made his judgement about the Messer family and was now making it obvious that he didn’t want to be there. They still had a meal to get through. Not for the first time Natalie wondered if they should have just stayed at home for Christmas. 
Anna was soon begging for the rest of the presents to be opened, so Natalie decided to give her gift to the young girl first. 
“This is from both Trevor and myself,” she said, as Anna began ripping the paper off. It was a doll wearing a princess gown very much like the one she’d drawn for Natalie. She had cost a small fortune, but when Natalie saw her in the store, she’d been unable to resist. 
“She’s beautiful. Thank you Nattie... and Trevor,” Anna cried, reaching out to hug her new-found friends. 
None of the other gifts had been nearly as expensive, but they did elicit shrieks of mirth as wrapping was discarded. The only person who refused to smile was Trevor, even though the Messer family had also brought him a gift. 
“We mustn’t forget Nattie’s presents from us,” Anna announced, after all the other gifts had been opened. 
“Well, go and fetch them then,” Karl encouraged. She scurried off to retrieve several brightly wrapped parcels that Natalie hadn’t seen underneath the tree until then. Anna returned with them, placing them across Karl’s knees. 
“This one first I think,” he decided, passing the largest one to her. 
“I wonder what it is,” Natalie remarked, shaking the large oblong box. 
“It doesn’t rattle,” Anna giggled. 
Natalie gasped at what was inside. So did Tania, for it was perhaps the most exquisite dress she had ever seen. It had a full red silk skirt which almost reached the floor, and a fitted bodice covered in swirls of dark colored beads, with pencil thin straps. She shook her head, wondering why Karl would want to give her such an expensive gown she’d probably never wear. 
“For the new years eve party at the resort,” he explained as though reading her thoughts. “You’ll definitely look like a princess in that.” 
“This is to go with it,” Anna broke in, passing her a smaller box. This one contained a cute bolero jacket with the same bead configuration as the dress on both its sleeves. 
“But that’s not all,” Karl went on, ignoring her stunned expression. He handed her a small box she knew could only contain jewelry. She was almost afraid to open the lid, so Karl relieved her of it, doing it for her. She peered inside to see a diamond necklace and matching drop earrings resting on the cushioned satin interior. She knew they were real and would have cost hundreds, if not thousands of dollars. 
“I can’t accept all this,” she protested, but Karl merely removed the necklace from its case and proceeded to secure it around her neck. As she lifted her hair out of the way, she caught sight of her brother’s face. His dark scowl showed exactly what he thought of Karl’s gifts. Tania and Dieter’s expressions showed an entirely different response. They were smiling in bemusement, probably wondering where all this was leading. 
“Accept it you will, and you’ll accompany me to the ball on new year’s eve,” Karl declared. 
“Providing it fits of course,” she replied with a bewildered shake of her head.
“It’ll fit. We snuck a look at your things last week to find out what size you were,” Anna admitted. 
“Go and try it on,” Karl urged. 
“I’m not parading around in front of everyone in it now,” she protested. 
“I’ll come with you,” Tania announced. “And no one will get to see Natalie in it until the big night.” 
They headed up the stairs to the guest room Natalie had occupied on her previous visit. 
“I see I was wrong about you two,” Tania remarked once they were inside the room with the door closed. “I’ve never seen Karl so happy as I did just then while he watched you opening your gifts. I should have known. You’ve always been the type of person to make others smile... You love him, don’t you?” 
“Is it that obvious?” Natalie asked, not daring to meet the older woman’s gaze. 
“It’s in your eyes every time you look at him. But don’t tell him, not yet. I can see he cares a great deal about you but take it slowly, for both your sakes. Perhaps it’ll work out for you. I really hope it will. He needs someone like you in his life, someone who understands, someone who’ll accept Anna... I’m raving again. Come on, try the dress on.” 
It was a near perfect fit. Anna and Karl had gotten her size right, and she did feel like a princess when she glanced at her reflection in the mirror. 
“Yes, you must make him wait to see you in it. He’ll be bedazzled,” Tama remarked with satisfaction. 
“Are you and Dieter going?” Natalie asked. 
“Of course. It will be the night of nights. Hundreds of people are going to be there, and a popular rock band’s been commissioned to play… Stingray, I think they’re called. It’s attracting so much publicity that everyone wants to go and stay there. Karl has a lot to be proud of. With you at his side, he’ll be the man who has it all.” 
“In that case I’ll definitely have to get Trevor a ticket. Stingray’s his all time favorite band,” Natalie said.
“That’s if he’ll come. Your brother looks like he isn’t impressed with anything right now.”
“I think Stingray might sway him. I wonder how Karl managed that one.”
“Well since I don’t know much about current trends in rock and roll, I can’t really comment.”
“They’re only the hottest band in the country at the moment, if not half the world,” Natalie told her.
On their way back downstairs they stopped in the doorway of the kitchen where Barbara was preparing lunch. 
“How are you feeling now?” Natalie asked of her. 
“Much better, thanks. The doctor found out I was a bit anemic. He prescribed some tablets and told me to get some more rest,” she replied. 
“And have you been resting?” 
“Until today, yes. I’m going to visit my sister after I finish off here this afternoon. You’ll have to wash up yourselves. I won’t be back till tomorrow. She lives in Kiama.” 
“We don’t mind. I’ll help you take some of this through to the dining room,” Tania replied, and then turned to Natalie. “Why don’t you go and tell Karl the dress fits.” 
“Did he give that to you?” Barbara asked, indicating the outfit Natalie was still holding against her chest. She nodded. Barbara smiled, becoming aware for perhaps the first time what was really going on between Natalie and Karl. The discovery seemed to please her no end. 
Natalie hadn’t actually thanked Karl for the gifts, so she returned to the sitting room to do just that. He appeared disappointed she hadn’t come downstairs wearing it, but was pleased to hear it fit. She was still stunned that he should give her so many expensive gifts, and in front of Trevor and the rest of his family. 
It had to mean he cared about her, and then she remembered that he’d offered to buy her a dress, shoes and jewellery before, just so he could take her out. Had he been serious about her even back then? At the time it had stuck her as downright odd that a man would offer to buy a virtual stranger so many expensive gifts, even if he could afford it.
Lunch turned out to be a mixture of traditional English and German fare. Natalie would have enjoyed the meal more if Trevor wasn’t making his animosity towards Karl so obvious. He was seated beside her, so thankfully she couldn’t see his surly expression, but Karl, directly opposite, was trying his best to converse politely with him. Trevor replied in begrudging grunts and mono-syllables to every question Karl directed at him. 
Tania commented on it again later, after Trevor had taken off to the beach with his surf-board. 
“I’m sure it’s grief causing him to take his frustration out on Karl. I think he resents the fact that you seem to have found someone, when he’s still on his own,” the older woman said. 
Natalie was inclined to agree with her and found out soon enough how deep Trevor’s resentment ran. They were heading home, with Trevor driving the utility much too fast. 
“Will you slow down?” she cried out, as he took a corner with reckless intent. This only made him to plant his foot harder on the accelerator. “You could have enjoyed yourself today if you wanted to,” she went on. 
“Yeah right. I can understand Tania falling for it. She’s a pretentious snob at the best of times, but you Nat? I can’t understand why you’d want to go out with that stuck-up jerk.” 
“He is not a stuck-up jerk,” Natalie immediately disclaimed, as she was flung sideways in her seat. “Are you trying to get us both killed?” 
Trevor thumped his fist against the steering wheel, but did slow the vehicle down. “What is Rick going to say when he finds out you’re being charmed by expensive presents from the south coast’s most notorious -“ 
“Don’t you dare say it,” Natalie yelled, and then in a more subdued tone, “I didn’t think you listened to gossip?” 
“I don’t, but when I hear it day in and day out in the shop, one gets to know who’s notorious for what. What on earth are you going to say to Rick the next time you see him?” 
“I sincerely doubt I’ll ever see Rick again. I haven’t heard from him in weeks. It’s over between us.” 
“I can’t believe you prefer that jerk to him. He’s so far up himself, he -“ 
“You wouldn’t even try to talk to him, so how can you sit there in judgement? Just grow up Trev, will you?” 
“No, you grow up. And when we get back to the cottage I’m taking Adolf home with me. I’m not having him corrupted by that sour Kraut coming around.”
“You’re welcome to him,” she yelled back. 
Of all the days to part company, with both of them seething in anger, Natalie thought dejectedly, as Trevor drove off with Adolf howling in the back tray. She knew she could have handled the situation better, because Tania was right, Trevor was lonely and hurting from the loss of their mother. Perhaps in a few days time she’d try to talk to him again. 
So when Sean appeared that evening, she was even less in the mood for his company than she had last time she’d seen him. He appeared more insubstantial than ever before, more like the first time they had met.
“I’m not in the mood for you to give me a hard time, Sean. I’ve just had a fight with my brother which I feel terrible about,” she said, flopping dejectedly down on the lounge.
“What did you fight about?” Sean came around to sit down on the lounge chair opposite.
“Karl,” she said simply.
“Why?”
“Because Trevor doesn’t like him.”
“Do you trust Trevor’s judgement?”
“No. He’s too much of a hot head, a lot like you, actually.”
“Thanks,” he muttered peevishly.
“You’re welcome. Honestly Sean, you really need to move on. You’re not meant to be here, and we’re not meant to be together, no matter how much you want it.”
“I know that. But when ye’ve been alone for as long as I have…”
“I understand, but you scared me. You really did, so much so I told Trevor about you.”
His brow’s shot up. “Did he believe you?”
Natalie shrugged. “Sort of, but since you didn’t show up while he was here I think he’s come to the conclusion you’re a figment of my very stressed imagination.”
“Have you told Karl?”
“About you?” Natalie shook her head. “No, I don’t think he’d believe me.”
“If someone truly loves ye, then they’ll accept whatever ye say as the truth.”
“You obviously haven’t heard of schizophrenia and paranoid delusions.”
“Huh?”
“Never mind. I’m gong to watch some TV now so if you don’t mind, either make yourself scarce, or watch it with me - in silence.”
“So ye love Karl?”
“Yes, Sean, I do.” She pointed the remote at the set. It had only taken one single weekend, and she knew she should question the validity of her feelings, but Natalie just knew her heart was right about this. Whether it meant they’d stay together, she didn’t know, and this bothered her. But she knew as well as the next person that one couldn’t make someone love them, something Sean still had to learn.
“So be it then,” he said so softly and so sadly, she felt her heart contract. “I shan’t bother you any more. Goodbye Natalie.”
Then he did his vanishing act, and she knew she’d never see him again. She should have been glad, but instead a wave of dejection washed over her. 
She had broken his ethereal heart. 
But what else could she have done? Bring him back into the world? 
That would have been the biggest mistake of all time.
All she could hope was that he’d find peace. Go wherever spirits go and find his beloved Laura. That’s who he really wanted to be with, the woman he’d married and lost in childbirth over a hundred years ago.
CHAPTER ELEVEN
With new shoes, make-up and her long hair adorned with two pretty slide combs, Natalie felt every inch a princess in her new evening dress and the expensive diamond jewelry. She’d never worn such a beautiful gown in her life, and when she opened the door to Karl, he too appeared stunned by the transformation. 
“I can’t believe perfection could be perfected upon,” he murmured, as he stopped to gaze tenderly down at her. “We got your size right, didn’t we?” 
“Pretty much,” she replied, noticing how immaculately handsome he looked in his black dinner suit. They were going to make a striking couple, Natalie with her straight dark hair contrasting with Karl’s golden curls. 
True to her suspicion everyone noticed them when they walked into the great hall of the Marigold Resort together. This time Natalie didn’t balk at the attention. She felt special and important as Karl escorted her across the floor to introduce her to various influential people, including the members of the famous rock band. For a moment she experienced a tinge of sadness as she recalled her inability to convince Trevor to come on their account.
And true to Tania’s word it turned out to be the night of nights. There were hundreds of people there to see the new year in. The women were garbed in their best evening gowns, but even Natalie had to admit not many came close to the one Karl had chosen for her. The man had incredibly good taste. Even the blonde promotions rep’s dress paled in comparison. She was still making it obvious what she thought of Karl’s preference for Natalie. When Natalie found herself alone for a moment, the other woman sidled up to her. 
“I see you’ve still got hold of him,” she drawled in her syrupy smooth voice. “But you won’t hold his interest too much longer. He’ll soon tire of your working class mentality, your narrow aims in life...” 
Natalie was about to retaliate with a well-deserved slap across her haughty features, when Karl stepped between them. 
“That will do, Paula. It might be the season of good will, but you’ve just succeeded in losing your job,” he stated fiercely, glaring directly into the blonde woman’s shocked eyes. 
“You can’t do that,” she protested, taking a step back. 
“I just did. Now get out of here before I call security,” he went on in the same authoritarian tone. 
“You’ll see that I’m right,” was her parting shot at Natalie, before she turned to stalk away from them. 
“Are you all right?” Karl asked. The autocratic look was immediately replaced with a concerned one. 
“Yeah sure. I was about to put my working class mentality into practice before you intervened,” she replied, but Paula’s barb still stung. And the way Karl so casually wielded his authority left her feeling rather disconcerted. It made her realize just how much power and influence he had over other people, power and influence that was capable of destroying careers. For a moment she actually felt sorry for the other woman. 
“I could see that. Perhaps I should have let you hit her. Don’t let it upset you. You’re perfect the way you are. Never try to pretend to be something you’re not.” 
“Why? Because people will notice?” she said flippantly.
“No, because it would spoil your uniqueness, what drew me in the first place. If you were even vaguely like her, I would never have asked you out. I’ve had enough experience with women like that not to want anything more to do with them.” Natalie wondered whether his wife had been one of them. “Come, let’s dance.” 
They passed the final minutes of the year locked firmly in one another’s embrace. Oblivious to those around them, Natalie gazed up into Karl’s silver-blue eyes and hoped that the new year would end with them once again dancing together like this. 
While the others counted down the seconds till midnight, he brought his lips to hers and kissed her with such tenderness it could only mean he cared as deeply about her as she did about him. 
She was about to tell him she loved him, but the moment was broken by a blinding flash of light.
“Happy new year,” he whispered against her ear. 
“Happy new year, Karl,” she replied, realizing that their photo had just been taken, but this time she didn’t care what the result would be. All she cared about was the pleasure of being in love with the handsome man holding her tight against him.
“My beautiful princess Natalie. You haven’t lost your glass slipper, have you?” he grinned at her. 
“And your car hasn’t turned into a pumpkin?” 
“I sincerely hope not. So Anna was right. She got us to go to the ball together, but I think it’s time to go home now. We’ll watch the dawning of the new year from our bedroom window. What do you say?” 
“Sounds absolutely wonderful.”
When he’d said that she thought he meant the cottage, but instead he drove to his house, and escorted her up the stairs to that beautiful bedroom he hadn’t wanted her to enter several weeks ago.
Karl led her over to the gabled window where he parted the curtains so they could stand side by side and gaze out across the moonlit ocean.
“I have a confession to make, Natalie,” he said, as he drew her back into his arms.
“What’s that,” she replied, leaning her head against his broad shoulder. She hoped it wasn’t anything sinister, not after the perfect evening they had shared together.
“I’ve never slept in this room. It’s been empty ever since the house was built,” he murmured against the top of her head.
That was the last thing she’d expected to hear, but now she understood why he’d been so angry with her for coming in here before. She turned in his arms, and slid her hands around his lean waist.
“How does that make you feel?” he asked her when she didn’t answer.
“Like kissing you, hugging you, making love to you. Is that what you wanted to hear?” She smiled up at him.
“Oh yes, Natalie. That’s exactly what I want to hear, what I want you to do, what I want to do.”
They made love well into the small hours of the morning. Natalie finally fell asleep feeling the peace and contentment she’d been looking for and never found at the cottage.
Natalie should have known that just because the start to the year had been perfect didn’t mean the rest of it would continue the same way.
Several days later Sophie called her into an unoccupied room of the centre ensuring the door was closed firmly behind them. Their workload had been lighter than usual, on account of several more children being absent over the holiday period. Even Abigail had taken Trent away for a few days. 
“I’m afraid I have some bad news for you,” Sophie began once they were both seated on either side of the table. “Belinda decided not to resign after her maternity leave, after all. She wants to come back at the end of the month, and seeing the job is rightfully hers I’m afraid I’m going to have to let you go.” 
It took a moment for Sophie’s words to sink in. 
Natalie stared at her, as she tired to grapple with the devastating news. When she first took the job, she’d been led to believe that Belinda had already resigned, and that the position was hers for as long as she wanted it. She couldn’t believe the meticulous Sophie had somehow gotten that information wrong. 
“I don’t believe you. Something’s happened, hasn’t it?” she demanded, indignation flaring. 
“Nothing’s happened. You’ve done a great job. It’s just that... I’m sorry the position belongs to Belinda. I’m sure that with your experience you’ll be able to find employment somewhere else easily enough.” 
“But not in Ulladulla. Perhaps not even within a hundred kilometres of here. Why didn’t you tell me the truth in the beginning?” 
“I’m sorry. You’ve got till the end of next week,” was all Sophie said, as she rose to her feet to leave the room. 
Natalie couldn’t believe it. One minute she thought she had a job for as long as she wanted, the next she was unemployed. She sat there for several more minutes, trying to come to terms with the situation, before giving up to join Debbie and the remaining youngsters in the back-yard.
It wasn’t until all the parents had picked their children up that she broke the news to her friend. “Something doesn’t seem right. I’m sure there’s more to it than Belinda wanting to come back.” 
“There is,” Debbie agreed sadly. “Belinda isn’t coming back. Your job’s going to be advertised in the weekend’s paper. I’m afraid its Abigail’s doing. The reason Trent hasn’t been here is because she doesn’t want you looking after him, and she’s got several of the other mothers up in arms about it as well. I’m afraid it’s your relationship with Karl Messer that’s gotten you dismissed.” 
“That’s so not fair!” Natalie cried indignantly, feeling wronged, hurt, and very very angry.. “How could Sophie kowtow to that kind of bitchiness? She knows what a good worker I am. I won’t take this!” 
“I’m on your side Nattie, but it’s too late. Two more mothers plan on removing their children from the centre if you stay. I know they’re being terribly narrow minded, but this is a country town in which gossip abounds.” 
“Even if it’s all untrue.” 
“I know you love him, and judging by the most recent publicity he seems to care about you too, but nobody else sees it that way.” 
“What publicity?” Natalie hadn’t really needed to ask, but Debbie, picked up the newspaper from the bench top. Luckily this time their picture wasn’t on the front page. It showed Karl holding her in his arms and kissing her on the dance floor. The comment underneath read something to the effect of possible wedding bells for the popular resort’s owner. The article which went with it was about the party and the success of his new venture. 
“I am sincerely fed up with this nonsense. Why can’t they just leave us alone?” she cried, pushing the paper away from her. It slid off the edge of the table and fell to the floor, but neither woman moved to retrieve it. 
“That’s what you get when you date someone who’s constantly in the spot-light. I’m sure he’ll help you out,” Debbie said encouragingly. 
Natalie was certain he would. He’d even said as much long before their relationship became serious, but she never thought it would come to this. She never believed that by loving a man she could be out of a job.
Yet, the threats had been made. 
She should have seen it coming. She shouldn’t have buried her head in the sand, demanding that Karl show the rest of the world how he felt about her, it had alienated her brother, and cost her her job. At least she no longer had Sean to worry about, but it made her wonder what else could possibly go wrong.
Natalie drove home, grateful it was Friday night. She needed time to decide what she was going to do about the situation. Determined not to accept it, she sat in the silent cottage, trying to work out what to say to Sophie when she saw her on Monday morning. Somehow she had to convince her to let her keep her job. Perhaps talking to the mothers concerned would help, she decided at last. 
The loud knocking on the front door startled her. So used to Adolf’s warning bark it took her a moment to realize the dog was no longer there. Natalie hoped it was Karl, certain he could help her plan a foolproof retaliation against her unfair dismissal. 
But it wasn’t Karl. 
Natalie gaped at the tall, handsome man standing on the doorstep. He still wore his long dark brown hair pulled back in a shaggy pony tail, and as always was dressed in torn jeans and sleeveless T-Shirt, baring brown, muscular arms. 
“Rick!” she gasped. “What are you doing here?” 
“Some greeting for a guy who’s just driven hundreds of kilometres to see you.” 
“Hardly. Sydney isn’t that far away,” she admonished. 
“I’ve been in Queensland working,” he replied, kissing her on the lips before she managed to extricate herself from his embrace. She couldn’t stand the feel of his mouth against hers, not now that she’d had the pleasure of kissing Karl. Letting her go, he walked across the floor to collapse into the lounge. “Great place you’ve got here. God, I need a drink. You don’t suppose you’ve got something to eat as well?” 
“I’ll see what I can rustle up,” she muttered, feeling irritated by his attitude. How dare he think he could just walk back into her life after all this time, demanding a feed? But preparing some sandwiches helped her get over the shock of seeing him again. She glanced around the door to see that he’d switched on the television and was sitting with his feet on the coffee table. At least he had enough manners to remove his boots first. 
He devoured the sandwiches in a few short bites, while she perched herself on the edge of one of the other arm chairs. 
“So what were you doing in Queensland? What happened to your job with the council?” she asked finally. 
“I was retrenched. I became too expensive to keep on apparently. A friend told me there was work up north, but after Christmas it dried up.” He placed the empty plate on the table. “So, did you miss me like I missed you?” 
“Why didn’t you ring and tell me what you were doing?” she asked, ignoring his outstretched hand and the dark eyes encouraging her to join him on the lounge. 
“I thought I’d give you some time to get over your own problems. You’ve decided to stay on down here, I see. When I saw Trevor he told me you were renting this cottage for six months. I reckon I could go for a place like this for a while.” 
“You can’t stay here, Rick,” Natalie protested, knowing she was going to have to set him straight about the nature of their now non-existent relationship. 
“Why not? It looks like you’ve got plenty of room. Doesn’t absence make the heart grow fonder?” he inquired with a suggestive wink. 
“Not where you’re concerned. I don’t want you to stay here.” 
“I always did have trouble trying to get you into the sack,” he muttered rather peevishly. 
“It’s over between us, Rick. Can’t you see how unsuitable we are?” 
He looked thoughtful for a moment. “Perhaps you’re right. You’re never going to keep a man interested with that frigid attitude of yours.” 
“Why do you always have to be so crude? Why don’t you go and stay with Trevor for the night. I’m sure he’d appreciate your company,” she snapped. 
“Yeah, Trev and I always did get on pretty well, but I’m too bushed to drive anymore. Can’t I stay in the spare room?” 
Natalie let out a deep sigh, glancing at him again. She realized he did look rather weary, and if he really had driven hundreds of kilometres that day she didn’t have the heart to make him drive all the way back into town. 
“It’s through there. I’ll just go and get you some sheets,” she said, indicating towards the door leading off the left side of the hall. With the bed linen in her arms, she passed him lugging his travel bag through the house. 
“I’ll be out of your hair in the morning,” he told her. “I’m sure your brother will make me welcome. I reckon him and I have a bit of catching up to do, some surf to catch, some fishing to do.” 
“I’m glad,” she muttered, handing him the linen, wondering if Trevor had told Rick about Karl. Perhaps this was why he’d accepted her declaration that they were finished so easily?
Hardly, knowing Rick. He’d be even more likely to stick around if he knew he had competition. Strange, she thought. That would have been the first thing Trevor would have told him. 
“How is my little brother anyway?” she asked finally. They’d exchanged no more than a few terse words since Christmas day, and Natalie knew it was high time she did something about the situation. 
“Half asleep. He’s got an early start tomorrow morning, so I got him out of bed. He merely gave me directions on how to find this place before heading back to bed,” Rick replied. That answered her question, and hopefully by this time tomorrow he would have left town. Rick was a city boy; he’d never liked the country life. 
Natalie was in her own bed not much later, wondering why Sean hadn’t shown up to put in his two bob’s worth in. Maybe he really has gone to the other side, she thought. She hoped so, for his sake.
Eventually she fell asleep despite the tense afternoon and evening. Rick turning up on her doorstep was the last thing she’d expected or wanted. 
Rick rose before her the following morning. When she headed for the bathroom to have a shower he’d already left a dripping wet towel lying in the middle of the floor. She closed the door without saying anything. What was the point? After breakfast he’d be gone. Through the closed door she heard the stereo start blaring loud funk music. To drown out the noise she turned on the shower and stepped under it. 
Flicking on the hair dryer, she decided to blow dry it until it wasn’t even damp, no mean feat with hair as thick and long as hers. She was annoyed with Rick for taking so many liberties with property which wasn’t hers, and decided to make him wait before getting them their breakfast. 
“About time,” he remarked, when she emerged a good half hour later. “I took two phone calls for you when you were in the shower.” 
“Yeah, who were they from?” 
“One was some girl called Debbie. The other was your real estate agent?” 
“And?” 
“Debbie wants you to ring her back,” he paused. “If I were you I’d get myself another agent.” 
‘What did he say?” she demanded. 
“He hung up on me.” 
“Why? You must have said something to make him do that.” 
Rick grinned wickedly at her. “Only that I was your fiance and that I’m moving in with you.” 
“Damn it Rick!” she cried. “What did you go and say that for?” 
“He was being a jerk, demanding to know who I was and what I was doing here. I just thought I’d give him some of his own medicine back. What are you getting so hot under the collar for?” 
“Get out, Rick. now!” she yelled. 
“Without breakfast?” 
“You can buy something on the way.” 
His response was to sink further into the lounge, placing his feet on the table. “Hey come here! You’ve got something in your hair,” he urged, extending his hand to her. 
Instinctively she reached for her hair, but Rick grabbed hold of her arm. The force with which he yanked her caused her to stumble and she landed on top of him. As she was struggling to extricate herself from his embrace, something made her look in the direction of the front door. 
Karl was standing there, with a look of such rage on his face it made her wince. 
Natalie realized that Rick must have seen him coming, knowing full well that Karl would see her draped all over him and jump to his own conclusions. 
Somehow she managed to disentangle herself from the grinning man on the lounge, and stood up. 
Karl was still standing in the open doorway. In one hand he was holding a sheet of paper, but his other was clenched into a tight fist. She dared not look at his face again. She had never seen such a fearsome expression on anyone before. 
“It’s not what you think...” she began. “I tripped on the edge of the carpet and -“ 
“Oh, spare me the fabrications. I know what I saw. I also know what I heard when I rang here half an hour ago. You know what the rules are about extra tenants. You have to clear it with me first, and because you didn’t, you have two weeks to move out - both of you,” Karl said icily. 
Natalie glanced back up at his face again. She was more stunned by the chill in his eyes than his words. His mouth was compressed in a thin angry line, and the skin was stretched so tight across his face, it made her realize she would really have her work cut out trying to convince him she was no longer involved with Rick. 
“I can explain, Karl. You can’t just walk in here threatening to evict me without listening to the facts.” 
“I already have, but you may try and persuade me otherwise if you so desire,” he replied sarcastically. 
“I don’t see how you can, Nattie dearest, when I’ve already asked you to marry me,” Rick said. 
She swung around to see the smug expression on his face. She realized in dismay that he was determined to capitalize on the situation, and wondered what he could possibly hope to gain from it. There was no way she would marry him now, even if he did actually propose to her. 
“You’re lying. You walk in here expecting a feed and a bed, and now you’re determined to get me evicted. Just stay out of it,” she hissed at him. 
“Is that a way to talk to your prospective husband? Really Nattie! Anyone’d think you wanted to hang onto this house for dear life. It must be costing you an arm and a leg. Give it up and come back to Sydney with me?” 
Natalie watched Karl walk across the floor towards her. He stretched out the hand in which he was holding the eviction notice. “It isn’t as though you have nowhere else to go,” he said slowly, his tone barely controlling his anger. He held the page closer. 
She snatched it from him. 
There was no point in trying to talk to him while Rick was still reclining on the lounge, determined to counter everything she said. She would have to get rid of him first and then try to explain it all to Karl. 
The moment she had the eviction notice in her hand, Karl spun on his heel and stalked from the room. All too soon he disappeared down the stairs, and she heard the car engine start up. 
With anger blazing in her hazel eyes, she turned to Rick. “What the hell did you go and lie to him for?” 
Rick pulled something from beneath one of the cushions of the lounge; a folded up newspaper. 
“When I got to your place in town last night, Trevor handed me this, asking me to save you from making a fool of yourself over that walking ego. I never thought you’d be the type to fall for a guy simply because he was loaded.” He jabbed an angry finger at the romantic photo of Karl and herself at the new year’s eve party. 
“How dare you! How dare you and Trevor play God with my love-life!” she yelled, and started pacing across the floor, feeling like everything was suddenly caving in around her. She had lost her job. She was at war with her brother. Now she also stood to lose the cottage, and Karl, all because Trevor hated him, and because Rick was jealous. 
“So you admit you and him made love. Oh great! There I was working till my back ached, thinking some time apart was what you needed, and you go off with that schmuck. Thanks a bloody million. I thought it was just a bit of publicity and that Trev was overreacting, but now I see you... Oh how could you, Natalie? How could you do this to me?” 
Natalie realized from the pained expression interchanging with his angry scowl, that Rick had cared about her, that she’d hurt him by falling in love with Karl. Why had he never said anything? It was too late now of course. She’d discovered that he wasn’t the right man for her. What she had to do now was to convince him of this fact.
In wanting peace and quiet at this cottage, all she’d ended up doing was breaking men’s hearts. First Sean, then Karl, and now Rick. Renting this house had been the worst decision she’d ever made.
“I’m sorry, Rick. I thought you - that we were finished. I don’t love you. I realized this some time ago, and when you never rang, I thought you’d come to the same conclusion. We’re not right for each other.” 
“We’re more right than that Kraut is for you. I know that for a fact, but I won’t marry someone who two-times behind my back. I’ll go and tell Trevor I failed,” he muttered darkly. 
“I really am sorry,” she reiterated, but Rick was already getting to his feet. 
“I’ll get out of your life now,” he said dismally.
Natalie stood there, watching him do precisely that. Without another word, he collected his things from the spare room and walked past her to disappear through the door. She stood in the middle of the floor listening as he started up the engine of his Honda to drive away with an angry screech of tires. 
All of a sudden her knees felt like jelly, and she collapsed onto the lounge. Within minutes she’d unwittingly managed to upset two men who’d cared deeply about her. She knew Rick would recover pretty quickly. Somehow she suspected it was more wounded pride than the prospect of no longer having her in his life which had spurred him to act the way he had in front of Karl. No man liked to be confronted with his competition. 
Thinking of Karl reminded her that she would have to try and talk her way out of the impossible corner Rick had pinned her into. Somehow she had to convince Karl that he was the one she loved. 
Hurriedly she finished getting ready and set out for Ulladulla to find Karl. She tried the real estate office first. She was in luck. Pamela told her that he was in his office. 
“But he doesn’t want to be disturbed. He’s in a foul mood this morning,” the other woman explained, but Natalie continued on past her desk. “I wouldn’t go in there if I were you.” 
“I know what he’s upset about,” Natalie said, noticing the worried expression on Pamela’s face. “It’s me he’s mad at.” 
“Be it on your own head,” was all she said as Natalie stopped outside Karl’s office door. It was slightly ajar. 
She was about to knock, when she saw him sitting at his desk with his head in his hands. He looked so dejected, utterly defeated - and it was all her fault. She had to set matters straight between them. Taking another step forward, she cleared her throat. Her mouth felt dry and constricted. She swallowed nervously. 
He looked up. Before he had a chance to compose himself she saw the haunted look in his eyes. It barely lasted a moment, to be replaced by a mask of bitter resentment. He was determined to be angry with her. She supposed he had every right to be. He’d be thinking she’d ditched him for another man. 
“What are you doing here? Come to try and convince me to let you stay on at the cottage with your fiance,” he taunted. 
Natalie walked further into the room, closing the door behind her. 
“He isn’t my fiance,” she disclaimed. “He just made it up to rile you. Trevor told him that you and I were... Well, you know what Trevor thinks of you.” 
“And you expect me to believe that? I wasn’t born yesterday. It’s obvious there was something going on between you two long before I came on the scene.” 
“And it was over before you and I met,” she insisted. 
“Then why did he turn up on your doorstep last night? And why did you let him stay, hmm?” 
“I have no idea why he turned up after all this time, and as for letting him stay, it was late, and Trevor was already in bed because he had an early start this morning. I wouldn’t lie to you, Karl.” 
“You never told me the truth either. You never even eluded to the fact that there was a man still pining for you in Sydney.” 
Natalie opened her mouth to speak again, but he went on, “Go back to him, Natalie. Marry your Rick and have lots of happy, healthy babies.” That was said with such heartfelt emotion it wrenched at her very soul. 
“But I don’t want to marry Rick. I don’t love him. I -“ 
“Life is one big game to you, isn’t it? Foot-loose and fancy free. No commitments. Maybe it’s this that turned you off me,” he shot at her, holding up the same newspaper article Rick had confronted her with. “This bit about possible wedding bells for resort owner. Is that why you got cold feet, because you thought I might go and do something stupid like propose to you?” 
“No. I mean I never got cold feet with you,” she cried, wondering why he persisted in believing she was a free spirit. Where had he got that idea from? Just like Rick, his pride had been hurt by the prospect of another man on the scene, but he wasn’t prepared to share his future with her, so he twisted the truth, accusing her of the crime instead. He’d said he wasn’t the marrying kind often enough and had stated it in the bluntest possible way this time, by implying it would be a stupid thing to do. 
Natalie knew she was losing him, what little part of him she’d had. The shutters were coming up, locking her out, evicting her from his life. 
“Go back to your Rick. Do what you damn well please. Just leave me out of it. In terminating the lease our paths need never cross again. You might not have commitments and responsibilities, but I do. I also have a daughter who needs -“ 
“A friend,” Natalie cut in. She had been about to say mother, but managed to stop herself in time. “What’s she going to think when her good friend Natalie suddenly disappears from her life?” 
“She’ll get over it. I’ll tell her something. That’s it, isn’t it? You’re prepared to be her friend, to come and go as friends do, but being a parent is an entirely different matter. That requires a great deal more work and dedication,” he continued in the same acrimonious tone. 
“You don’t think I don’t know that. I work with little children every day.” 
“Children you can give back at the end of the day, happy, healthy, non-disabled children. I should never have let things go this far between us. Let’s just end it now, before either of us get any more hurt.” 
Very slowly he added, as though it was a struggle to say it. “Let’s make a clean break. I’m not the man for you.” 
“That’s where you’re wrong, Karl,” Natalie protested, slamming her palms down onto his untidy desk. “I know you are.” 
He sighed heavily, leaning back in his chair. “Perhaps you think that now, but I’m not just Karl. I have a daughter with a pretty serious disability. I have an expanding business which takes up a great deal of my time. You’re almost ten years younger than me. You might not want children now, but in five years you might, and I couldn’t possibly give you those children?” 
“Why? You were worried about me getting pregnant, remember?” 
“Yes, because there’s every chance I might father another like Anna. What woman would want to take that risk?” 
Me, she wanted to scream. If they’re all like Anna, I’ll have ten, but instead she said, “It’s a recessive gene. The risks are so minimal it’s hardly worth worrying about, particularly if only one partner is a carrier.” 
“You’ve missed the point, Natalie. I don’t want to take that risk again. Please just accept that we’re through.” 
“Life is full of risks, some good, some bad. You’ll end up a lonely old man if you keep pushing people away like this the moment the going gets tough.” 
“It’s my life, and I’ll live it the way I see fit. Please go now, Natalie. Just remember the good times, as I will,” he said bleakly. 
She realized he’d made up his mind, but also that he didn’t want to do it. Karl really had cared about her. 
What had gone wrong between him and his wife? Surely that was where it all started, but now wasn’t the time to try and reason with him. From the grim set of his features, she could see he had nothing further to say to her, and trying to continue talking to him now would only antagonize him further. 
Slowly she turned, retracing her steps across the floor to the door. As she reached to close it, she noticed that he had resumed the position he’d been in when she’d first walked into the room, hunched shoulders, and his hands cupping his face. 
The reason Karl was denying himself a life-long relationship had to be because of his marriage. Tania had been more than willing to tell her about it once, so Natalie was certain she’d talk about it now. 
Tania’s travel agency wasn’t far from Karl’s real estate office. She was in luck. Tania was about to close up. When Natalie insisted she had something important she needed to talk to her about, Tania ushered her into the small kitchenette behind the office. There was a table and two chairs, one of which Natalie slipped into gratefully. 
They both had two cups of steaming coffee and a plate of chocolate biscuits in front of them when Natalie responded to Tania’s empathic probing. She hadn’t planned on pouring out her heart, but once she started she told her everything, including her dismissal from the child care centre. 
“What a mess!” Tania agreed sympathetically. “That brother of yours has a lot to answer for, and Rick deserves a good, stern talking to.” 
“He could be anywhere by now. But why do I get the feeling Karl didn’t want to do it? He did care about me. There’s something else keeping him from a long term commitment, and I know it has something to do with his wife,” she replied, eying the older woman questioningly. 
“That it surely does, but talking about it now isn’t going to bring you back together again. It sounds like he’s made up his mind. He is so stubborn at times it really infuriates me, as though he’s determined to make himself miserable,” Tania sighed heavily. 
“Yes, I’ll tell you what happened,” she went on, “As Dieter relayed it to me. Her name was Ingrid Schueman, an up and coming model. She was very beautiful and had the potential to go a long way in her chosen career, but she had one fundamental flaw. She was incredibly lazy. Unfortunately Karl was too besotted by her beauty and charm to see this. He fell in love with her, and within weeks they were engaged. Two months later they got married. He was only twenty-one. Everything seemed to be going along fine, until Karl’s mother died, and Dieter decided to migrate out here.” 
“Karl told me how he followed him to make sure he was going to be all right,” Natalie said, as Tania stopped to take another sip from her coffee. 
“Ingrid didn’t want to come to Australia. She wanted to keep in contact with all her model friends, and take up the occasional assignment, although by this stage she wasn’t being offered nearly as much work, so he went on his own, as a holiday initially. When she found out she was pregnant she realized it was best to be with her husband. They both migrated and had Anna. 
“Once she was born Karl found out exactly how lazy Ingrid was. She was at home all day with the baby but did only the bare minimum. She never bothered to clean up, or do the shopping. Neither did she look after Anna very well. They didn’t have a housekeeper in those days. Karl was trying to upgrade his qualifications and working long hours, but he still had to come home to cook dinner, clean up the house, change the baby -“ 
“But that’s so unfair,” Natalie interjected, wondering how he could have possibly managed. 
“He loved her, truly loved her. To avoid arguments he did what he could. Ingrid was homesick. I think that was when their marriage really started falling apart. When they found out they had a child with such an obvious and profound disability, Ingrid lost it. Here was a physically perfect woman, with a handsome husband and they couldn’t even make a normal healthy baby.” 
“A lot of parents of disabled children react like that,” Natalie concurred. She had heard it often enough in her previous job in Sydney. 
“But Ingrid took it worse than most it seems. When Anna was four she couldn’t take it anymore. Not even the beautiful house Karl was having built for them was enough to keep her here. She never lived there. She was gone before it was finished. One day while he was at work, she left Anna with the neighbors and took a flight back to Germany. It had been planned of course, but Karl had no idea that she was just going to take off like that, leaving him and Anna behind.” 
“That’s terrible,” Natalie agreed, realizing how difficult it must have been for Karl to cope not only with her desertion but the care of a small disabled child on his own. 
“Luckily it was only months off Anna needing to start school. He found a temporary Nanny for her, and then started her off at the special school in Sydney. He did try to get Ingrid to come back to him. He went back to Germany on several occasions to persuade her, but she filed for a divorce, agreeing to allow him full custody of Anna. She was killed in a car accident with a man they claim was her fiance about eighteen months ago. It seemed she was merely biding her time until she was free of Karl and all the responsibilities she couldn’t cope with...” Tania trailed off. 
“It all makes perfect sense now,” Natalie said, her heart aching for man she loved, and the torment he’d endure on account of such an immature and selfish young woman. 
“He simply refuses to risk going through it again,” Tania concluded sadly. 
“But why can’t he see I’m not like that? He kept going on about me being a free spirit, without responsibilities, giving the children back at the end of the day. How do I prove to him that I have the staying power? How do I prove I’m not like Ingrid? He’s convinced himself I’m as fickle as she was.” 
“Perhaps you can’t. That was what I was warning you of that evening at his house. I thought with you it would be different. I’m sorry Natalie. I really did think you would overcome this problem together. His faith in you simply wasn’t strong enough.” 
“Obviously,” she muttered bitterly. “What am I going to do now? I don’t want to go back to Sydney to look for work.” 
“Perhaps it is the best place for you. Bumping into one another down here isn’t going to be easy on either of you.” 
“I need time to think. I’ve kept you long enough. I’d better go home,” Natalie decided, rising to her feet. 
“Sure. If I can be of any help, any help whatsoever, let me know.” 
“Thanks Tania.” 
No job. No cottage and no Karl. How had her life ended up in such a mess? she thought dejectedly as she drove out of town with tears streaming down her cheeks. 
“Well, Sean,” she told the empty house on her return. “My lease is over. You have it all to yourself again. I’m going back to the big smoke to try and find another job. It’s been nice knowing you.”
Deadly silence hummed against her eardrums.
“I hope you’ve found peace at last,” she said, before heading for the bedroom to begin packing. 
So much for peace and quiet, she thought miserably. Peaceful was not a word she would use to describe how she felt right now. More like shattered beyond repair.
CHAPTER TWELVE
Natalie threw the newspaper down in frustration. She was sick of job hunting, going for interview after interview without success. She knew the reason she was still unemployed was because her heart wasn’t in it, that her indifference was probably coming across as she rattled off her qualifications and experience. 
To her credit, Sophie had given her a reasonable reference, as long as she wasn’t used as a referee. Luckily, her previous employer was happy to vouch for her. Natalie even found a room to rent with one of her former colleagues. Trudy’s flat-mate was returning to the country to work on her parents’ cattle-station for a few months during the uni break. Trudy, of course couldn’t hold the room that long, and when Natalie arrived on her doorstep, both their problems had been solved. 
It was a small, two bedroom unit in Liverpool, a western Sydney suburb, close to where she used to live and work. It was also hot and airless, being on the top story of a rather unkempt block. Natalie pushed her damp hair away from her forehead, and lay back on the bed. 
She had been back in Sydney for three weeks, and her savings were almost gone. If she didn’t find a job soon, it would mean a trip to Centrelink to claim welfare, something she’d never needed to do before. It would be weeks before the sale of the house in Ulladulla came through. 
After losing her lease on the cottage, she’d sat Trevor down to discuss what they were going to do with their home, but only after she’d finished rousing on him on his complicity with Rick to eject Karl from her life. 
“I could have been happy, if it hadn’t been for your meddling. Just don’t ever do something like that again, or you’ll regret having me for a sister,” she’d yelled at him. Her harsh words seemed to have found their mark, because Trevor had bowed his head in silent regret.
On that same evening he informed Natalie he’d been offered a job as head butcher in Wollongong. They wanted him to start as soon as possible, which was what elicited the mutual decision to sell the family home. As Trevor was closer, he placed the advertisement. They found a buyer within days. 
She’d loved growing up on the south coast, but now there were too many sad memories to want to return. There was nothing and no one to keep her there. 
Debbie and Lindsey had visited her the previous weekend, but their relationship now felt strained. It was as though Debbie had been wanting to say something but couldn’t for fear of bringing back painful memories for Natalie. 
“If it’s any consolation, the woman who replaced you isn’t nearly as much fun,” her friend had said at one stage. 
“I’m not much fun to be with at the moment either. Being unemployed isn’t a great state to be in. I think I might try for things I’m not trained for such as waitressing or bar work. I want to use the money from the sale of the house when it finally comes through to put a deposit on a place of my own, not live off it.” 
Debbie put her hand over Natalie’s. “I know you’ve had it tough, but keep fighting. Never give up.” 
“I won’t,” she replied, but she had given up on Karl. 
After her discussion with Tania, she’d tried to talk to him again. She’d driven out to his house, only to be told by Barbara he wasn’t there. She’d gone to the resort but he was too busy. She’d even waited to speak to him at the real estate office, but he always seemed to have some excuse as to why he couldn’t see her, so in the end she stopped ringing, stopped calling, and moved out of the cottage by the specified date.
But she hated the claustrophobic apartment with all its windows looking directly into those of the building next door. She hated being out of work. She was lonely and miserable, and missed Karl so much it hurt. She missed his sexy smiles, his comforting arms, the way he used to talk so seductively to her in his soft accented voice. She even missed his arrogance and presumptuousness. And she missed his precocious daughter.
Surely Karl was thinking of her. It wrenched at her heart knowing that they’d both thrown away a chance at happiness together. Natalie would have accepted a relationship on any terms simply to be with him, and wondered for the hundredth time how she could possibly live the rest of her life without him. 
She wiped the tears away and picked up the paper again, wondering whether she should risk Karl’s wrath by going to visit Anna. She would have returned to Sydney by now as the school year had started a week ago. Natalie still had her princess drawing, but hadn’t dared look at it since moving into the apartment. 
Natalie decided to see her. The worst he could do was forbid her to have any further contact, and he’d have to be the one to justify that decision to his daughter. 
She telephoned first of course, and was put through to Anna’s teacher, who told her that any time after classes was a good time, since none of the extraneous activities would start until the following week, and if she informed the office who she wanted to see someone would come to direct her. 
“Who may I tell Anna is coming?” the amicable teacher finally asked. 
“Just tell her it’s her holiday friend, Nattie,” Natalie replied, knowing that once Anna knew who was coming, she’d be able to make up her own mind if she wanted to see her. 
Natalie had never seen the special school at North Rocks, and her guide, a gregarious ten year old girl, seemed happy to point everything out to her along the way. 
Before she knew it, Natalie was directed to the pool. She should have known Anna would be practicing her butterfly stroke. A young woman stood beside the pool, urging her on. 
“That’s Miss Thorpe, her teacher,” her guide informed her. “Anna’s always swimming. She wants to get into the Para Olympics.” 
“I think she’ll make it too,” Natalie replied, convinced that Anna would succeed in whatever she set her young heart on. 
“Oh, you must be Nattie,” the woman replied, obviously having heard them talking behind her. Natalie recognized the voice as the one she had spoken to over the phone. 
“Yes, I’m Natalie Scott,” she introduced herself. 
“Hi. I’m Connie Thorpe.” Then she turned to the girl in the pool and called out, “Hey, Anna, your holiday friend is here.” 
“Nattie’s here. Yippee,” she cried, and in her haste to get to the edge of the pool, almost went under. When she reached the stairs at the shallow end, Connie handed her a voluminous beach towel. “Dry yourself first before you drip all over your friend.” 
“I don’t mind a bit of water,” Natalie replied, reaching to give the wet girl a hug. “I brought you a birthday present. I’m sorry I wasn’t there to give it to you in person.” She retrieved a wrapped gift from her shoulder-bag. 
“That’s all right. Now that we’re both in Sydney you can be my after school friend instead,” she replied, accepting the small parcel Natalie placed into her hands. 
“It isn’t much. I’m afraid I don’t have much money at the moment. I’m looking for a new job. Keep your fingers crossed I find one soon.” 
“Sure will,” Anna said enthusiastically. 
Natalie sat down beside the pool with her, wishing she’d brought her own swimmers. The water looked cool and inviting. 
“Gee thanks, Nattie. My princess doll will love this,” the small girl cried excitedly, holding up the miniature Speedo swimmers and doll sized sun-glasses. There was also a tiny straw hat and a sample tube of sun-screen which Natalie had been given at a promotion outside a store in Liverpool. “She can come into the water with me now.” 
The sound of voices from behind them made Natalie turn to squint against the bright sunshine reflecting against the water, not believing who she was seeing. 
Coming towards them was none other than Karl. He was dressed in his business clothes, a short sleeved white shirt, navy blue trousers and matching tie, but it was his face that Natalie was drawn to. The obvious weariness was plain to see. The hollows under his high cheek bones seemed to have deepened, and there were dark shadows under his eyes. It made her wonder what he’d been doing to elicit such a drawn expression; long hours slaving over a hot new resort, no doubt. 
But what was he doing here? The school year had started days ago. Surely Anna would have settled back into her routine by now; unless he still had business to attend to in Sydney. Natalie wished she’d waited another week before coming to see his daughter. Now he would forbid her from showing up here again. 
“Guess who’s here, Anna?” Natalie said shakily. 
“Dad?” 
“That’s right, little one,” Karl replied, taking another step closer, so Natalie had to crane her neck to look up at him. 
“But I only talked to you on the phone last night. What are you doing back here?” Anna asked curiously. 
Natalie gulped. She had a pretty good idea. No doubt the garrulous child had blabbed, telling him who was coming to visit, and now he was here to evict Natalie from her life as well as his own. 
“I’m afraid you’re going to have to cut your visit short,” he announced, the expression of his drawn face completely unreadable. 
Natalie stared up at him in dismay, knowing what was to come. 
“Aw, why Dad? She only just got here,” Anna complained, clutching onto Natalie’s arm. 
“I have other plans for Natalie this evening,” he replied. Apart from the obvious signs of stress on his face, he was still so handsome it hurt to even look at him. 
Natalie was bleeding, dying inside, having him stand so close, knowing what they’d shared was over. She should have made a clean break and never come to see his daughter. Yet the small girl had been so happy to see her. She finally managed to find her voice. “I don’t see why I can’t visit an old friend.” 
“Just get up, and we’ll be on our way,” he commanded. 
“You really like bossing people around, don’t you?” she shot back, but moved so that Anna was forced to let go of her arm. 
She made to scramble to her feet, and Karl reached to take hold of her hand. As Natalie put hers in it a crazy thought formed in her mind. She grabbed hold and pulled as hard as she could. 
With a loud splash they both tumbled into cool water. As she surfaced, spluttering and pushing saturated hair from her face, she wondered what on earth had possessed her to do such an insane thing.
Natalie’s last stand perhaps! 
A sign of complete frustration because everything in her life had gone wrong. Whatever the reason she knew she was now in deep trouble. 
She didn’t dare look, but slowly she forced her hands away from her face, and to her horror he was coming right for her, his blonde hair plastered to his well shaped head. 
“I... I’m sorry,” she stammered. “I... I didn’t mean it.” 
“How come I don’t believe you then?” he asked, as he took hold of both her arms. 
“I don’t know what came over me. I really don’t.” 
“Yes you do, the compulsion to get back at me for being a complete and utter fool. Oh God, I’ve missed you Natalie. I can’t bear living without you one second more.” 
Was she hearing correctly? Surely she hadn’t collected that much water in her ears. 
Natalie shook her head to try and get the rest of it out. She blinked, gazing up at him, standing there waist deep in the water, griping her arms as though he was holding on for dear life. Then she saw his lips form into a tender little smile. 
Suddenly Anna was beside them in the water. “Come on, you two, kiss and make up,” she urged. 
“That sounds like a good idea, but not here. We have an audience and I want to do this properly,” Karl replied, looking directly into Natalie’s shocked eyes. 
“Just kiss her will you,” Anna urged. 
“I love you Natalie Scott. I... Oh what the heck,” and suddenly his lips were on hers. 
Natalie immediately responded, winding her arms around his neck. It had been too long since she’d felt his kiss, his body against hers, his arms holding her close. The only difference now was that he loved her. She had heard correctly. He’d missed her as much as she’d longed for him. Perhaps they could start again. Perhaps they did have a future together. 
“I love you too, so very much,” she murmured against his lips. 
“You do?” he exclaimed, staring down at her in bewilderment. “Even after what I did to you?” 
“Of course.” Gently she stroked his damp cheek with the backs of her fingers. She knew it was wet from tears, not pool water. “You’ve come back to me, haven’t you?” 
“I really do think we had better continue this somewhere else.” 
Natalie glanced towards the edge of the pool where Connie was still standing watching them with a bemused expression on her face. Reluctantly Natalie extracted herself from Karl’s embrace. 
“Luckily I have a change of clothes in the car. What about you?” he asked, once they had emerged from the pool. 
“I think I’ll allow mine to dry naturally. It’s so hot today,” she replied, squeezing the water from her dripping skirt. 
“Why don’t we go back to your place, get changed and then I’ll take you out to dinner. I think we have a few things to discuss, don’t you?” 
“Sure, but I must warn you, it’s nothing like the place you evicted me from.” 
“I’m sorry about that. There’s a lot of things I’m sorry about, but we’ll talk about it over a meal.” 
It wasn’t easy ensuring he stayed behind her on the way back to her flat in the peak hour traffic. By the time she got out of the car, her clothes were completely dry, so she felt as hot and sticky as before she’d pulled them both into the water. 
Karl followed her up the three flights of stairs, carrying his spare change of clothes and a large flat cardboard box, but Natalie made no comment about it. Reluctantly she let them both into the stifling apartment. 
“It faces west, and when we’ve had it locked up all day, it’s an oven by the time we get home,” she apologized, immediately setting about opening windows. 
“I bought this for you this afternoon to wear tonight,” he said, and held the long white box out to her. “I remembered your size.” 
That reminded her of the beautiful gown she had put in storage because she had so little space in her small room. Slowly she removed the lid, and the protective tissue paper to find a navy and white linen skirt and matching jacket. 
“Very chic,” she remarked. “You have good taste in clothes, Mr. Messer.” 
“And you look stunning in them, Miss Scott. Go and put it on,” he urged. 
“I think I’ll have a shower first. You can change in my room, unless you want a shower too.” 
“We could have one together,” he suggested, meeting her gaze.
“Trudy will probably be home from work any minute. I don’t think she’d appreciate finding us in the bathroom together. The bedroom’s through there.” She indicated towards the door on the right side of the small hallway. 
The suit fit perfectly, and Natalie was brushing out her tangled hair when a knock sounded on the door. She opened it to find Trudy standing on the other side grinning at her. 
“Who may I ask is the gorgeous guy flaked out on your bed?” 
“Are you sure he’s asleep?” Natalie asked in surprise. She was certain she hadn’t been that long in the shower. 
“Out cold. Wore him out, did you? Where did you get that terrific outfit? It’s simply stunning.” 
“Karl gave it to me.” 
“The hunk on the bed?” 
“Yes. We were supposed to be going out, but -“ 
“He’s not that rich guy coming back for another try?” 
“Yes, that’s him.” 
“Then I’d wake him and make him buy you the best dinner in town. You’ve been an emotional wreck since you’ve come back to Sydney. Besides, if that expensive sports car of his stays out in the street much longer, the kids will have stripped it. Two of the punks from next door were eying it very closely five minutes ago.” 
“I’m almost through. I just want to put on some make-up.” 
When she entered her room, she saw that Karl was indeed stretched out on her bed fast asleep. He’d changed into another immaculate shirt and pressed gray trousers. Judging by the weary expression on his face at Anna’s school she wasn’t surprised that he was now dead to the world. She didn’t really want to wake him, but they did need to talk. 
Natalie bent over him, placing a kiss against his parted lips. He stirred, but she knew he still hadn’t woken, so she kissed him again. 
“Come on, sleeping beauty. Rise and shine. I’m wearing your suit,” she whispered against his ear. His eyelids flickered, and he looked up at her sleepily. 
“What? What happened?’ he murmured. 
“You fell asleep. Now are we going out or not?” 
“Yes. Yes of course.” He was fully alert now, and Natalie handed him the tie which he’d dropped on top of the pile of damp clothes he’d changed out of. “You’re beautiful. It fits I take it?” 
“Of course,” she affirmed, as he knotted the tie around his neck. While he brushed his hair, she found a pair of white court shoes, and slipped her feet into them. Hurriedly she exchanged her voluminous brown bag for a small white clutch purse, and found her mother’s pearl earrings and matching necklace. 
The restaurant Karl took her to was indeed the best in Sydney, with panoramic views of the glittering harbor, but Natalie wasn’t as hungry as she thought she’d be, so there was no point in ordering the most expensive dish on the menu as Trudy had suggested. 
“I take it you knew I was coming to see Anna today,” she said, once the drinks waiter had presented them with their best champagne. 
“Do you really think she could keep a thing like that to herself?” he replied with a grin. “I lay awake most of the night trying to decide whether to drive up today. That’s probably why I fell asleep on you. The fact that you wanted to see her made me realize you had to care, and weren’t just being friendly on account of your extensive child care experience. God, where do I start?” He reached for her hand across the table, curling his long fingers around hers. 
“Hearing that man answer your phone, saying he was your fiance, and then to see you in his arms like that made me insanely jealous. I was so incensed, wondering how you could turn on me like that and go straight to another man that I wanted to hurt you the only way I knew how, by forcing you out of the cottage you liked so much. Then I started to think of what I had to offer you.” 
“Oh Karl,” Natalie sighed, squeezing his hand. 
“Let me finish. Sure, I could provide you with every material comfort and convenience, but I know money can’t buy love. I have a disabled daughter whose own mother didn’t even want. How could I force that burden on another woman? I know Tania told you about my disastrous marriage. I failed once. I never wanted to make that mistake again. But somewhere along the line I fell in love with you. I was going to set you free, Natalie, only you didn’t want to be set free, did you?” 
She gazed into his intense blue eyes, and saw the deep and tender love he felt for her. It warmed her heart, healing the pain once and for all. “No, because I loved you too. Only I was afraid to tell you - because of Abigail and all the others...” 
“What others? I’ve taken women out, yes, but you’re the only woman I’ve ever slept with other than my wife.”
“So I should consider myself honored then,” she said with a wry smile.
“Think of it what you like. It’s the truth. As for Abigail, I dated her for a few weeks. She was the one who broke it off, because she believed the rumors about me. I thought because she had a child of her own, maybe something would come of it, but she turned out to be a vindictive little ally cat, just like that other woman I had to dismiss on New Year’s Eve. Look at what she did to you! She cost you your job. Tania told me what happened the week you moved away. I wanted to know why you’d given up your job, and she told me that you’d in fact been dismissed and the reason behind it... Then along I come armed with accusations and throw you out of your house! How can you ever forgive me?” 
“Forget it, Karl. I was probably going to move out anyway on account of the ghost living there –“
“What did you just say?”
Natalie realized suddenly what she’d blurted out. “Never mind. It doesn’t matter now.”
“Yes it does. I know you, Natalie, you never say anything you don’t mean.”
“All right. The house’s founder was still living there, Sean O’Shea. My family are descendants from the O’Sheas, which was probably why I could see him, and no one else ever had. Or maybe it was because I’d so recently lost my mother. Who knows? But he was a right pain in the neck. I got Trevor to stay a couple of nights, but Sean only showed up when it suited him. When I told him I was with you that really pissed him off, literally. I never saw him again after that.”
“My God, Natalie! You sure know how to break a man’s heart! I almost feel sorry for that poor ghost.”
“I knew you wouldn’t believe me – “
“I believe you. If you say he was real, then he was. I come from a long line of believers in Norse legends. Who’s to say what’s real and what’s not? As long as he didn’t hurt you, that’s the main thing.”
“No, he never hurt me, just got on my nerves the way he kept popping in and out whenever it suited him. Your friends are welcome to him.”
“They never mentioned a ghost and they’ve been living there for years. Anyway, we deviate from our conversation.” 
He took her other hand in his. “When I thought you’d walked out on your job I believed it confirmed in my mind that you were a fly-by-night type of person. Then when Tania told me what had really happened. I felt so guilty. I decided you were better off without me. But I missed you so much. I thought about you day and night.” 
“As I did about you. Haven’t we been silly torturing ourselves like this?” Natalie remarked. 
“Absolute madness,” he agreed with a wry smile. “If you haven’t found another job, I have just the thing for you.” 
“Not at the resort?” she asked, realizing how reluctant she still was to indebt herself to him. Even though she now knew he loved her she still wanted to gain employment on her own merits, not because the managing director was her lover. 
“No, but you may be required to accompany me to functions there from time to time. This job only requires the care of one child, although there may be more later. Your duties will merely involve sharing the rest of her father’s life as his wife. Will you marry me, Natalie?” 
She couldn’t believe that Karl was doing precisely what he’d vowed never to. For a moment she simply gaped at him, but on seeing the grave expression on his face, she realized he was deadly serious. It was more than she could ever have hoped for, so much more. 
“Sounds like the ideal job,” she replied finally. “But you told me you never wanted to marry again.” 
“Do only women have the prerogative of changing their minds? I can’t bear to live the rest of my life without you. I know it’s asking a lot of you.” 
“A heck of a lot,” she agreed with a grin, but instead of returning her smile his expression darkened, as he released her hands, and leaned back in his chair. 
“I know it was too much to hope for. Forgive me for assuming you were ready for such a deep commitment,” he said bleakly. 
He looked shattered, already believing she’d turned him down. Natalie smiled, feeling an intense bubble of happiness rise inside her. 
“Oh Karl, of course I’ll marry you. I want nothing more in the entire world. How could you possibly think I didn’t, when you know how much I love you?” 
Natalie sat there watching the mournful expression slip away to be replaced by pure, unadulterated joy. 
“Thank goodness for that, because I didn’t particularly feel like having to return this.” 
He pulled a small jewel box from his trouser pocket, and flipped open the lid, to reveal the most exquisite diamond ring she had ever seen. Karl removed it from its case and reached for her hand. When he slipped it onto her finger, she was surprised by how well it fitted. 
“You can check my clothes size, but how did you get the size of my finger right? I don’t recall you measuring it.” she asked, gazing down at the hand donning the beautiful ring. 
He gave a small shrug of his broad shoulders. “Lucky guess.” 
At that moment they noticed the waiter approach their table with their entrees. 
“I see she said yes,” the young man said with a grin, indicating Natalie’s hand. 
“It’s a great job, with plenty of perks,” she replied. 
The waiter eyed her curiously as he placed the plate in front of her, but Karl knew exactly what she meant.
EPILOGUE
The newspaper article read; ‘Wedding bells chime for the Messer men. Last month Dieter Messer married Tania Vella. This weekend his son, Karl Messer, owner of the popular Marigold Resort, tied the knot with Natalie Scott, a local lass who stole his heart a few short months ago. Their flower girl was Karl’s daughter, Anna...”
Natalie Messer didn’t read any further. She returned her gaze to the photograph of Karl and herself standing on the terrace of the resort. She was wearing the wedding gown of her dreams, and Karl looked blissfully contented. In front of them stood Anna, clutching her poesy in one hand and her father’s in the other. He had his other arm around Natalie’s waist, and she smiled back up at him. 
The photographer had captured the expressions of a firmly united family. 
Natalie placed the newspaper on the bedside table and turned to snuggle up against her slumbering husband. Tania and Dieter had postponed their world tour to be at the wedding, and then Natalie and Karl had spent two glorious weeks on a private tropical island off the Queensland coast. 
She glanced around the room, remembered the first time she’d seen it and how Karl had reacted to her being there, the night she first discovered she felt something for the handsome blond man who’d seemed so determined to live out his life on his own. 
Now she knew how much love he had to give, she was grateful they had taken the risk. When he woke she’d tell him about another risk they were about to take. 
If all went well in about eight months time Anna was going to have a little brother or sister. In her heart of hearts Natalie knew this child was going to be perfect in every way, but if it wasn’t, both parents would love it no matter what. 
DAS END
If you enjoyed Ghost of A Chance by Emma Daniels, you might also enjoy the sequel; Sean O’Shea’s story "Giving up the Ghost"

Sean O’Shea has spent the past hundred years as a ghost, lost between worlds, because he has never come to terms with the way his wife died.
The powers that be decide it is time for Sean to move on, so they give him one more chance at life.
But life isn’t easy when you’ve been a ghost for a hundred years, only able to see the world through television. The only person who was able to communicate him has rejected him in favour of another man.
To his luck, Sean meets Belinda Carter, an independent, modern woman with a nostalgic streak. She finds herself falling for the charming, old-fashioned Sean. But Belinda is pregnant to another man, someone who left her the moment the going got tough. How could she burden another man with this responsibility when he has enough on his plate?
" Giving up the Ghost " is a romantic comedy of approx 45,000 words, and is full of laughs, heart-felt emotion, and sizzling encounters of the sexual kind. 
CHAPTER ONE
Belinda Carter woke with a start. She was shaking in absolute terror, not sure if she was dead or alive, because she had just experienced the heart-wrenching sensation of dying in child birth. 
She’d felt the agony of each contraction, the dizziness from gasping and panting to deliver a child that refused to leave her body. In the end she’d collapsed from the exhaustion and weakness as more and more blood oozed from her body. And finally the slow shallow breaths as her life-force slipped away, sending her spiraling into complete and utter blackness.
Throughout this dreadful ordeal a red-haired man had sat by her side, his weary face awash with fear and despair. Never in her life had she seen such torment in another person’s eyes, as he tried in vain to help her deliver the child that never came. They had been like two green pools of misery, rimmed with red and damp with tears.
There had been no nurses, no doctors, not one piece of medical equipment that Belinda could see. She’d been lying on some lumpy mattress which felt as though it had been stuffed with straw. A kerosene lantern standing in a corner had been the only illumination in a rough wood-paneled room.
When she realized she was awake, and back in her own soft bed under light summer sheets, Belinda sucked in deep calming breaths to try and shove the horrifying imagery away. Instinctively her hands crept to her abdomen, only now starting to swell from the early months of pregnancy. She felt no pain, no cramps, nothing at all to indicate she was having a miscarriage.
Then what the Hell had that terrifying dream been trying to tell her? 
That she was going to die in childbirth! 
Surely not in this day and age! 
She might have to face the prospect of sole parenthood, but women no longer died from being unable to deliver. The medical staff whisked them off to theatre to do whatever was necessary to save both mother and child.
Belinda collapsed back against her pillows, and glanced at the clock radio. It was five o’clock in the morning, and still black as pitch outside. The neighbors hadn’t even let their dog out yet, the most effective alarm clock she’d ever met. The mutt barked at just about anything, including its own tail. 
All Belinda could assume was that the dream signified her own fears and concerns. Getting pregnant certainly hadn’t featured in her immediate plans. But exiting the relationship had. 
Now she wondered if she really should call it off. Sam Stanakis would be even less inclined to want to stick around if he knew he had to take responsibility for something. Belinda might have been attracted to his carefree attitude to life in the early stages of their relationship, but she was inclined to believe a baby would spell the end of the ‘fun’ period of their relationship. They’d had a good time together, a relatively satisfying sex life, and he certainly knew how to make her laugh, but woe betide should she want to talk about anything serious. Then he was quick to find some excuse to head home, his dark, laughing eyes turning hard, and a frown furrowing his tanned brow.
For some reason it made her think of the red-haired man and how devastated he’d looked. His grief had been so intense, so all consuming.
As she recalled his thin, pale face, and sad green eyes, she wondered if she’d met him before. He felt familiar to her somehow.
In her work as an antique dealer, Belinda met all kinds of people. Perhaps she’d come across him at one of the many auctions, deceased estates or trade fairs she attended. He could have been someone selling his family heirlooms, and somehow she’d manifested him into her hideous nightmare. Someone with such bright hair and intense eyes wouldn’t be easy to forget.
 All she could assume was that the nightmare meant she was afraid of losing her baby, now almost eleven weeks along, the most critical period she’d been told.
Please stay in there little one, she prayed silently, once again pressing her hands to her abdomen.
Belinda might have had her doubts in the beginning, but there was no way she’d part with her baby now. She was over thirty after all, old enough to shoulder the responsibility, be it on her own, or as part of a couple.
Yes it was time to tell Sam. He had a right to know, whether he liked it or not.
She would do it today, since she didn’t have to be in the store. In fact she had nothing too pressing on her plate all week, now that she’d brought Helen up to speed. Helen Howard pretty much ran the shop for her, leaving Belinda free to source new furniture and other brick-a-brack. Sam had been restoring them for her, but he wanted more stable employment, hence his regular visits to Sydney in search of work.
“Well, this will be the deciding factor, Sam, my man,” she muttered under her breath, climbing out of bed. Even though it was still early, dawn’s fingers already reached tentatively across the hillside. Belinda knew she wouldn’t get any more sleep anyway. Her mind was too churned up with worry. She had a sneaking suspicion she already knew which way Sam would go; north, to the big smoke, leaving her bring up their child alone.
But still she continued to cling to a glimmer of hope as she got dressed, realizing as she tried to do her jeans up that they were now too tight. Yanking them off again, she decided they would probably be too hot anyway, so she pulled on a patterned gypsy skirt with an elastic waistband. Much better, she thought. 
Sam was almost forty, old enough to face up to his responsibilities. As if, she thought, recalling how he loved nothing more than to get drunk and muck around with his mates on Saturday nights. He had no brothers and sisters with children to set an example. His parents lived interstate, as did her own. She would get little support from them. The only person she could really turn to was her sister, whom she hadn’t seen in months.
Barbara was fifteen years her senior, and had never married, never even had a relationship as far as Belinda could tell. Barbara had become old before her time, looking after her little sister because both their parents worked full time. And now she was employed as a housekeeper for some rich family in Ulludulla, quite content to carry on with her matronly duties. Or so it seemed. Barbara had never confided in Belinda, no doubt still seeing her as too young to understand life’s ups and downs. 
Well, now she was experiencing them first hand. Always having prided herself on her business skills and ability to find great deals, Belinda suspected raising a child was going to be vastly different to running a successful antique store.
Belinda lived above her shop, so she didn’t have far to go to work. Once she’d eaten a quick bowl of cereal, she took a cup of coffee and a piece of fruit downstairs with her, where she turned on the computer in the small, cluttered office to check her emails.
The nausea which had plagued her most mornings for the past two months was easing off, as was the tiredness, making her wonder why Sam hadn’t noticed the change in her. She had been going home earlier than usual, if she’d been at his place, seeing less of him during the week than previously, and generally not having much to say. They hadn’t made love in over two weeks. Not that Belinda missed it right now. Neither did she want to do anything that might pose a risk to the baby at this stage of her pregnancy.
Suddenly her mobile buzzed into life, belting out the Dr Who theme, meaning it could only be Sam since he’d downloaded it onto her phone in the first place. 
But at this time of the day! 
He rarely surfaced before ten.
“I can’t take this anymore,” Sam lunged straight into his spiel.
“Hello to you too,” Belinda interrupted. It had never bothered her before, but today it irked her that he rarely bothered with pleasantries such as hello and goodbye.
“Oh Belle, I can’t keep seeing you anymore… I’ve got a new girlfriend in Sydney, and I’m moving up there next week. Her Dad’s offered me a job restoring old cars. You know that’s what I’ve always wanted…”
"Actually I have something to tell you too," Belinda interrupted.
"Yes, I know what you've got to tell me, and that's why I'm leaving," Sam asserted, his voice growing cold.
"What? How?" Belinda spluttered. She'd thought Sam oblivious.
"That night a couple of weeks ago when you asked me to get the keys out of your bag, I saw the pregnancy test. I know what two blue lines means," he sneered. "I was wondering how long it would take
you to tell me."
"And you still want to leave?" she asked in disbelief.
"I know you'd never get rid of it, not now you're over thirty. I thought I made it plainly clear early on in our relationship that I didn't want that kind of responsibility and you said you had birth control all sorted. Obviously you lied -"
"I did have it sorted," she insisted. "I haven't forgotten a single pill, but it must have happened the week I got sick. All that throwing up must have -"
"I don't care how it happened," he interrupted her. "I don't want to be a father, ever."
Belinda was close to tears. His cold callousness was overwhelming. How could he be so cruel, so heartless? "But I can make you pay maintenance,"
"Just try it. I'll make sure you never get a penny out of me. Besides you're the one now in the money with you bursting store and more in the back shed. Why hassle me for money for something I never wanted in the first place?" he snarled.
Suddenly the line went dead. The dirty rotten creep had hung up on her!
Belinda was so mad she could scream. Sam wouldn’t care less if she died in childbirth, she though, the image of the sad, red-haired man once again swimming to the front of her mind. It made her aware that merely thinking of him had helped to calm her. She didn’t feel nearly as angry as she had a moment ago, because she had her fingers poised over the redial button, ready to ring Sam back with her own barrage of abuse. Now that she’d had a moment to consider, she knew it wouldn’t make any difference. Sam had already made up his mind. He would probably have turned his phone off already, suspecting that was exactly what she would do.
With a sight Belinda raked her long blonde bangs from her face, and turned her attention to the computer screen in front of her. Work would help keep her mind off everything else.
For the next hour and a half she concentrated on answering her messages, writing letters, and going through her inventory.
At a quarter to nine, she heard Helen’s key in the lock, as she opened the front door. A short, slightly chubby woman in her mid-twenties, Helen had a mass of black curly hair and chocolate brown eyes. Even though she looked Mediterranean or Middle Eastern, both her parents were as Anglo as they came. She was also the complete opposite to Belinda, possibly why they got on so well. She had told Belinda often enough to lighten up, to stop taking life so seriously, but laughing had never come easily for the tall blonde woman, perhaps because she’d been brought up by such a dour older sister. Barbara wouldn’t recognize a joke if she fell over it. 
It made Belinda realize that the happy-go-lucky attitude worked well enough with friends but not in relationships with men. She’d always been drawn to the cheery jovial types, but invariably they ended up going their separate ways. She vowed to put some laughter into her child’s life, and decided it was time to tell Helen about the baby.
“You look wring out,” Helen greeted her. “Couldn’t you sleep again?”
“Leave the closed sign up,” Belinda said when Helen turned to flip it over. “There weren’t any customers lurking about outside were there?”
Helen shook her head. “I don’t know why you insist on opening at nine anyway. We never get busy until at least ten.” She crossed the floor of the shop and entered the office, perching herself on the edge of the desk Belinda was working at. “So what’s up?”
“Just my life caving in around me,” Belinda said, cupping her chin in her hands. “Guess who rang me at six-thirty this morning?”
Helen raised a dark eyebrow. “No one I know gets up that early.”
“Sam. And guess what he had to tell me?”
Helen’s jovial round face suddenly turned serious as she realized Belinda’s news could not possibly be good.
“He told me he’s moving to Sydney because he has a new job and a new girlfriend.”
“Well, you were thinking of calling it off,” Helen reminded her.
“Yes, on my terms and in my own good time. But that’s not the worst of it… I’m pregnant. Almost twelve weeks… And that’s why he left. He wants nothing more to do with me or the baby.” She felt the anger rising again, and decided it wasn’t such a bad thing to remain mad with him. If she ever did see him again, she would give him what for, but somehow suspected he would make himself scarce from now on, making it virtually impossible for her to track him down. Which meant he would probably not even tell his parents where he was living, so she would probably get nothing out of them either. 
Helen’s mouth dropped open in disbelief. “Pregnant?” she gasped. “What on earth are you going to do?”
“Have the baby of course,” Belinda asserted.
Her dark eyes widened. “On your own?”
“Why not? Women do it all the time, and it’s not like I can’t afford a child. It just might get a bit awkward sometimes when I need to go on business trips.”
“Well, I could always help out with babysitting, not that I know much about kids. My youngest sister would probably be better with that, since she’s studying child care.”
“Thanks Helen, you’re a true friend, not like that useless, good for nothing ex of mine.”
“There must be some good ones out there. I just wish I knew where,” Helen lamented. “Looks like Sam isn’t one of them either.”
Belinda knew precisely why she’d said that. Helen hadn’t been able to understand why Belinda had contemplated calling it quits, particularly when she was so attracted to Sam herself. Yes, the man had been good looking, but oh so shallow, she realized now. She and the baby were much better off without him. “Men! Who needs them anyway?” she remarked at last.
“Me,” Helen said raising her hand into the air like a school kid. “It’s been months since I’ve even had a date. They’re pretty thin on the ground around here, you know. Maybe I should head off to the big smoke too.”
“You’d hate it there. You’re a country girl, just like me.”
Helen got up off the edge of the desk. “So what are you going to do now? I could run the store if you wanted to take a break for a few days. Why don’t you go south to see your sister? You said yourself you wanted to check out that great big house she manages, And she said you were welcome any time.”
“I don’t know,” Belinda sighed. “I’m not in the mood for meeting her rich, high flying boss.”
“He might even have some ideas of where you can source antiques down that way,” Helen suggested. “You could stock up now and not have to worry about taking any trips at all while the kid is tiny.”
“They say they’re easier to transport before they start moving. But yes, you do have a point. Not that we’re exactly short of stock at the moment,” She swept a hand in the direction of the rather crowded shop floor, and the glass display cabinet brimming with antique jewelry. How she would love to wear some of it herself, but Belinda never went anywhere even remotely posh enough to show them off. The idea of donning bohemian clothing whilst working in the store had appealed to her at one stage, but she’d always been a jean and t-shirt person, and the beautiful old pieces only looked good on velvet or lace.
 “Why don’t you open up now,” she said at last. “I might give her a call later to see if she’s up for a visitor.”
CHAPTER TWO
Sean O’Shea hated just about everything about being a ghost, but most of all he hated the day time. This was when his world turned white, and he hung suspended in a void of nothingness, with no sounds, no color, nothing to distract him from the eternity of his damning thoughts. It was worse in summer, since the days seemed to stretch into infinity. He hated it even more now that he’d found someone to communicate with, only to have that person turn her back on him, to go and live with another man, a man who wasn’t a ghost, and could therefore give her everything that Sean couldn’t.
He still didn’t know why Natalie Scott had been able to see him, but for the first time in a hundred years it had given him hope; hope that she could somehow help end his eternal and pathetic existence. 
It might have been due to her own recent loss. Her mother had died only months before she moved into Sean’s house. Or it might have been because she looked so much like the wife he still mourned, Laura, who’d died trying to give birth to their first child. He supposed he would never know now that he once again had the old house to himself. 
He couldn’t even distract himself with the television, which Natalie had often left on for him. Being a ghost meant he was unable to influence the world around him. He merely existed, drifting aimlessly through the empty rooms, watching the world change around him.
This house which Seam had built with his own hands over a hundred years ago had been modified many times; a house which had meant to see him, his wife, and their children though to their dotage. All this had ended that dreadful, stormy night he’d helplessly sat by her bedside and watched his beautiful wife bleed to death with the babe still inside her, all because she hadn’t wanted Sean to leave her so he could to ride into town to rouse the midwife. He’d lost count of the number of times he’d cursed himself for listening to her, for not doing what he should have; try to get help.
In his grief and regret, Sean had sailed out on his fishing boat on a similar night several days later, not caring if he lived or died. 
So he had died, swept into the churning, grasping ocean, only to be returned here, the last place on earth he wanted to be, obviously to pay for taking his own life. There was no other explanation Sean could think of as to why he’d been confined to these walls to watch and wait alone for one hundred years.
Thus it surprised him when during one of these long days of whiteness he heard voices. At first he was barely been conscious of them, trying to do his best to ‘sleep’ so the time would pass until the night arrived, not that the nights were any better now that the house stood empty.
“He‘d been so close,” the first voice murmured. Sean couldn’t determine if it was male of female, for it had a melodic timbre that spoke without accent or inflection of any kind.
“Yes, so close to ridding himself of his guilt,” the second voice replied in an equally as indistinguishable brogue.
“And now he is even further from reaching salvation than ever.” This time the first speaker sounded sad, because Sean though he detected a catch in the voice.
“There is only one thing to do. He must be set free. This has gone on too long. What say you, another chance at life?” suggested the second.
“The Boss will not be pleased if we take matters into our own hands… but yes, I can see no other way. He must find a new path, a new way to salvation. It is the only way he will ever finish his time on earth.”
“Yes, the only way,” agreed the other with such a deep sigh it seemed to reverberate right through Sean.
Before he had a chance to wonder what was going on, Sean felt his entire world lurch. Colors swirled, the air screamed, and he landed with a hard thump against something hard that made him moan out loud in confusion. Since he’d experienced no sensations whatsoever in such a long time, the whole experience left him feeling disoriented and dazed.
Once again he became conscious of a voice, this time raised in anger. Someone was yelling, a man whose Germanic accent made him sound even harsher.
Sean’s eyes snapped open, at which point he discovered two things; daylight still filtered through the parted blinds, and he was lying on the wooden floor, his arm jammed against the coffee table, where presumably he’d landed after falling off the lounge in surprise.
“How the hell did you get in here when all the locks were still bolted from the inside?” the owner of the harsh voice barked from close by.
Seam blinked up to see a blonde man glaring angrily down at him from over the back of the lounge. 
“I live here,” Sean heard himself respond belligerently, realizing as soon as the words were out that the other man could see him just as clearly as Natalie had been able to, because his steely blue eyes were narrowed in ire.
“Not any more, you don’t. The owners are due back in a few days. Squatting is illegal you know. If I find you’ve done any damage to the place, I’ll also have you charged with trespassing,” the big man growled at him.
If I had any choice in the matter I wouldn’t be here at all, Sean though grimly, struggling to sit up. Why was it suddenly so hard to move? And why did his arm hurt? He wasn’t meant to feel pain anymore. He wasn’t meant to feel anything, other than the weight of his own regret.
“Are you drunk? Stoned?” the man’s harshly chiseled lips demanded when Sean failed to move from his rather awkward position on the floor. His whole face was like that, all hard planes and angles, a bit like his personality, Sean would hazard a guess.
“No,” Sean gritted out. “T’would be a preferable state to be in right now.”
“Then why won’t you get up?”
“I’m trying to.” But for some reason my body doesn’t seem to want to cooperate, he added mentally, wondering why this should suddenly be such a problem, since he normally could move from one place to another with merely a thought, as long as it was within this house. He’d tried to get out in the early days, soon learning that he had well and truly been shackled by the nature of his damnation.
The blonde stranger extended a broad, long fingered-hand. Sean blinked again. Not only could the man see him, he also seemed to think he was human. How odd! Even Natalie had been able to see right through him.
When Sean didn’t take his hand, the man waved it in front of his face. “Come on,” he urged impatiently. 
All right, Sean thought, lifting his right arm. It felt incredibly heavy, not the usual weightlessness he’d grown accustomed to. But finally he managed to raise it enough for the other man to grip hold of his hand. Before he knew it, Sean felt himself being yanked up from the floor. His arm looked as solid as the other man’s. He could even feel the man’s palm, his strong fingers gripping his as Sean stumbled on unsteady legs, only to collapse awkwardly onto the lounge.
To his stunned amazement he felt it underneath him, the velvet cushions soft against his bare back and arm.
“You are drunk,” the man growled in disdain, letting Sean’s hand go so he flopped back against the lounge. “I’m going to ring the police and get them to lock you up for the night to sober up.”
“Karl! Karl! What’s keeping you?” Sean heard a female voice call from outside the house. He thought it sounded vaguely familiar.
Sean watched the man turn as Natalie walked in through the door, only it wasn’t the Natalie Sean remembered. She had cut her lovely long dark hair into a short neat bob… and she was pregnant, probably about four months along. Suddenly she didn’t look so much like Laura any more, and appeared much happier than she’d been during the few months she’d lived in this cottage. Obviously stern-faced Karl had been able to give her what Sean couldn’t.
“I thought I told you to wait in the car. Well, since you’re here, we have a squatter to evict,” Karl told her, motioning towards the lounge.
Natalie stepped forward and peered over the back of it, and when she saw who occupied it, clasped both hands to her mouth. “Sean!” she gasped.
“You know this man?” Karl demanded.
Natalie nodded, and then turned to the blonde giant. “You can see him?”
“Of course I can bloody well see him. He’s sitting right there, drunk as a skunk.”
“I’m not drunk, damn it,” Sean retorted, now more than a little angry himself. Neither am I a ghost anymore, he realized in absolute astonishment. The fact that they could both see him; that he could feel things, and it was still daylight outside, had to mean he was once again a flesh and blood man.
To confirm it he gingerly rubbed a calloused hand over his bare chest. If he could feel his own work-roughened palms against his skin, then he was well and truly back in corporal form.
But why? And for how long? Now he wished he’d paid those voices closer attention. What on earth had they been muttering about? He thought he remembered them using the worlds ‘guilt’ and ‘salvation.’ Now wasn’t the time to ponder it. He had Natalie and Karl to contend with first.
“But you… you’re… I can’t see through you anymore,” Natalie stammered, leaning closer, obviously trying to peer through him. The momentum tipped her forward, and she bumped against the lounge, where Sean reached out and tapped his index finger against the back of her hand, the one that now bore a gold wedding band. She snatched it away in shock.
It made him wonder why those damned voices hadn’t returned him to human form when he’d had a chance of doing something about it, like convince Natalie not to marry the blonde giant and get pregnant to him.
“What are you talking about, Nattie?” Karl asked. “Just who is this man?”
Natalie returned her attention to Karl. “Um, this is Sean, Sean O’Shea.”
Karl frowned, his blonde brows joining in the centre. “And?”
“Well, technically he has every right to be here since he built this house a hundred years ago,” Natalie explained.
“Oh, not the ghost story again,” Karl muttered, rolling his eyes. 
“You told him about me?” Sean demanded of Natalie.
“Well, I thought you believed me,” she shot back at Karl. “You told me you did.”
“I said I believed you believed it, not that I believed it myself.”
“Well, he’s sitting right here in front of us now,” she insisted.
“Have a lover’s tiff over me, I don’t care,” Sean smirked.
“Oh shut up,” Natalie hissed at him.
“All right, his name might be Sean O’Shea, but he’s not a ghost,” Karl stated the obvious.
“Not, anymore,” Sean added. “The powers that be decided to put an end to that and return me to human form, the same form I obviously inhabited before I died.” To confirm it, he pulled at a lock of his hair, stretching out a curl to confirm that it was the color it had always been, annoyingly red.
Karl started to shake his head. “Some people will make up anything to get out of going to jail.”
“I’m not making it up,” Sean insisted.
“I don’t think he’s making it up,” Natalie said at exactly the same moment. “He was a ghost and now he’s not.”
‘I think this pregnancy is messing with you mind. You said yourself you’ve been having strange dreams,” Karl said, crossing his arms.
Sean became conscious for the first time that he was getting cold because they had left the front door open. Since he hadn’t felt any kind of sensation in a hundred years, it came as a shock to suddenly shiver and feel goose bumps dimple his skin. “You once asked me to put on a shirt,” he said to Natalie, crossing his arms over himself. “I could really do with one right about now.” He began rubbing his cold shoulders, the sensation still new and alien to him.
“There should probably be something of Erik’s in the wardrobe,” Karl muttered. “I’ll go and have a look.”
“Of course, Erik Brogan,” Sean remarked. “When are he and his wife coming back?”
“Next week,” Karl told him as he headed into the master bedroom. “The reason I’m here in the first place, to make sure everything’s as they left it.”
“So if I’m going to remain in human form, I’m going to have to find somewhere else to live, aren’t I?” Sean remarked, realizing suddenly just how complicated his life was about to become. From having nothing better to amuse himself with than to float from room to room, he was now going to have to fit back into the world, a world which had changed exponentially over the past hundred years.
Sean had witnessed some of these changes on the television, but he suspected watching them from the sidelines would be nothing like experiencing them first hand.
Since the only people he knew in this modern new world were Natalie and Karl, he supposed he would now have to ask them for help, something which did not sit well with Sean. He had always done everything on his own. The only time he’d wanted to go for help, his wife had talked him out of it, and paid for it with her life.
Karl returned with a singlet and a checked button-through shirt, which he tossed onto the back of the lounge, where Sean reached for them. 
Even a simple thing like dressing himself proved awkward and embarrassing as he struggled to get the stretchy white top over his head, particularly with an audience, since Karl leant against the doorjamb to watch him. 
“What I think is that this man is either one of your or Trevor’s friends, and you had a spare key made so he could stay here free of charge. That’s what I think,” Karl decided, turning from watching Sean fight with the singlet to stare pointedly at Natalie.
“What?” she gasped, her mouth dropping open in stunned disbelief. “I wouldn’t do anything like that.”
“But Trevor might,” Karl pointed our.
“You believed me about the ghost the night you proposed to me,” she insisted.
Sean gave a derisive snort as he continued to battle with the uncooperative clothing. He finally managed to get the singlet on, and started on the shirt. Getting his arms through the arm-holes wasn’t too difficult, but when he tried to do up the buttons, he felt all thumbs. 
“My mind was on other things that night,” Karl remarked.
“I’ll bet,” Sean sniggered.
Natalie rounded on him. “If you want our help, keep out of this,” she growled at him.
“Who said anything about helping him? I am all for marching him off to the police station for trespassing.”
“I’m not trespassing, damn it,” Sean insisted again, glaring at Karl. Even before meeting the man, he had already disliked him, simply because he’d managed to win Natalie’s love. Now he wondered what on earth she saw in this arrogant piece of work. Sure he was handsome, but his condescending manner made Sean want to thump him. Unfortunately, with the way his unwieldy body was behaving right now, he was more likely to fall flat on his own face, rather than land the blonde brute flat.
“Getting tetchy with one another isn’t helping,” Natalie said, taking on the mediator’s role. She turned to Karl. “I spent enough time with Sean to know what he looks like. For some reason he is now sitting in front of us as a flesh and blood man. Why don’t we hear him out and then decide what to do.”
“That sounds like a good idea,” Sean agreed.
Karl continued to frown at them. He might be able to intimidate his wife, but he didn’t scare Sean. Once he had his coordination back, he was certain he could beat him in a fight, should it come to that. Sean had learnt some pretty neat maneuvers over the years. “I’m not buying this ghost story. Maybe you really did have a man living here with you –“
Natalie gave a low angry growl. “Just because I once thought you a philandering womanizer, doesn’t mean you now have to accuse me of sleeping around.”
“I’m not saying you’re still involved with him –“
“I was never involved with him,” she broke in.
“More’s the pity,” Sean remarked with a smirk. They both turned from glaring at one another to glaring at him. Sean spread his hands. “Look, this isn’t getting us anywhere. I was a ghost and now I’m not. Just before you two arrived, I heard voices. I think they were deciding what to do with me. Obviously this was the result.” He cut his hands over his torso. “And I’m finding it a bit difficult to cope with.” He gripped hold of the back of the lounge so he could haul himself to his feet, but all he succeeded in doing was stumping forward, only to end up back where he’d started. “I have this awful feeling that I am going to have to learn how to crawl before I can walk again.”
About the author
Emma Daniels lives in Sydney Australia, with her husband and two young children. 
Emma wrote her first romance novel when she was sixteen, typing it up on an old manual typewriter. She hasn’t stopped writing since. 
She is also a jewellery designer, selling do-it-yourself project kits as well as original hand crafted jewellery. 
She loves reading romance and fantasy novels.
Emma can be contacted on email address; emmadaniels@tpg.com.au
Other titles by Emma Daniels also available
The Prisoner Within
Heartbreak Highway
Ocean of Fire
The Indian Rose
The Crystal Rose
The Dreamspell
Lord of my Dreams
Giving up the Ghost
Entwined
Gold fever
Judging Jayden

