
Copyright © 2014 by Hannah-Lee Hitchman
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by any
electronic or mechanical means including information storage and retrieval systems-except
in the case of brief quotations in critical articles or reviews-without permission in writing
from its author, Hannah-Lee Hitchman. The characters and events portrayed in this book
are fictitious or are used fictitiously.
Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental and is not intended by
the author.
Copyright © 2014 Hannah-Lee Hitchman
DEDICATION


To my little sister, Janelle;
For saying my eyes are always smiling.

And, for all readers of Hadaen;
Without you I would never have finished Book 2.





































NOTE FROM THE AUTHOR

Dear Readers,

"Gideon " is the second book of "The Marujan Brothers Series" and is a fanatasy
romance. The contents of this novel was written to appeal to an audience of persons 18
years and older and it is my wish that only such individuals may read it.
   
I am a fresh new author so my writing skills may not be remarkable as yet but, hey, I’m trying  Please accept my apologies for any inconvenience this may cause to you, avid readers. 
Now, I would like to bring you through a few pronunciations of terms you will come across
throughout the novel. Here goes:
Maruj - (Ma-rooj)
Hadaen - (Hay-den)
Faolan - (Fow-lan)
Lensai - (Lehns-eye)
Esyth - (He-sith)
Deorci - (Dohr-kai)
mana - (maa-nah)
Baamel – (Bah-mel)
Suhki – (Soo-key)

 Writing this novel had been a great adventure for me as I explored the levels of Gideon
and Esyth’s story. And now, I want to share it with you!
Please feel free to make any comments you wish on this book as I would very much
appreciate your feedback. It is reviews like yours that make me a better writer every day.
Your Friend, Hannah-Lee. 
















Readers’ Praise for Hadaen [The Marujan Brothers Series] Book One

Chantal Murray: 5/5 STARS This book is simply AMAZING!!!... this book definitely got me addicted to it from beginning to end. I fell in love with Haden throughout the book. I also liked how the author was able to perfectly bring out Haden's personality as the story progresses...I REALLY can't wait to see what the author has in store for his brother Gideon in part two of this series!! Good job Hannah-lee Hitchman and please hurried it up with part two!
Starshanelle: 5/5 STARS Awesome read!! Can't wait for book 2! I find most paranormal books to be really predictable but this book certainly wasn't. I really loovve Hadaen :) The book is really interesting and I recommend it to all who love paranormal romance books. And those *** scenes........

Emma Ireland: 5/5 STARS Wow!! I'm hooked brilliant story line can't wait to see what’s next. Thank you for letting me escape into a world I swear I could almost smell and taste… Been a long time since a story has done that. We'll done keep writing can't wait for the next one. 
Dorothy Moore: 5/5 STARS A must read! I really really enjoyed this book. It's not every day you read a fantasy book and actually feel like you are a part of the supernatural world being depicted...
When will Book Two be ready??? I can only imagine what the author has in store.
Aimee Darcy:  5/5 STARS One of the best fantasy books I've ever read, simply because it was sooo believable...... with scorching hot scenes.
I even referred it to a few of my friends. This should definitely be a movie. I'd surely watch it!! *thumbs up*
Kishane ‘The Kish” Robinson: 5/5 STARS Great read. I love the way the author incorporates fantasy and romance  with a modern day twist. Erotic.

Jayda Murray: 5/5 STARS I really enjoyed this book. I'm eager to find out what has come of Deorci and Esyth. I adore Hadaen and Amelia's story simply because she wasn't the 'sobbing' type. Hadaen knows how to take control and I think she needed that. 
Altogether, wonderful job by the author.

Paris. H:  5/5 STARS Great read. I was hanging on to every word. I have to agree with the "searing hot page turner" description. Erotic scenes...practical romance that isn't too 'mushy' & the realness of characters that makes me wonder if there really is a place called Maruj. 
Nice combination of war, lust, love and romance.
Dee A Mony: 5/5 STARS It's a good read. A searing hot page turner that meshes fantasy with fact so believably and the romance with the practicalities of war. I am happy this is just the beginning....
Oleander22: 5/5 STARS Nothing else to say but... 'oh my gosh!' lol. I did not want this book to end. Thank God, it's a series. Amelia has got some hella attitude; I love her! And Hadaen? Pure alpha male :3 
I was so looking forward to seeing Deorci die...but oh well! Gots to keep us anticipating!
I'll be looking out for Gideon's story 'cause I can tell it'll be another mind-probing one... 

Patricia F.: 4/5 STARS Awesome read!! I love how the author brings out Hadaen's personality as well as gives us a hint of what's to come for Gideon. 
Looking forwards to reading Book 2. 
Well written :)
Reader (from Amazon): 4/5 STARS I loved Hadaen! The author wasn't pulling any punches in this book. It was raw, erotic, raunchy and engaging. It had me hooked till the very end right from chapter one and that's how every novel and every series should begin especially a fantasy paranormal series-- they have a love hate relationship with readers.
Hadaen is an ass in the beginning, conceited, egotistic with the power gone to his head and one who needed a swift kick in the balls. He treats Amelia badly, almost raping her until she orked her magic and cast herself 700 years in the future. Hadaen looks for her for 700 years when he discovers she is his mate, the key to win the fight against darkness and guess what, he hasn't changed one bit! But the years of having blue balls have given his head a chance to get some blood and he's a little cool in his ardor this time when he discovers Amelia doesn't remember him or her past and he prefers it that way because she has no memory of what he almost did to her. There was nothing truly epic about how she got her memory back but when she does she's not that meek subject 700 years ago and makes sure Hadean understands that. With the key to victory secure, the main part of the story finally begins and a whole new world unfolds.

Sadly, this book ends with a cliffhanger on to accounts- the romance between Hadaen and Amelia, and the great battle against darkness- and it continues with Gideon's story. He and his love interest are introduced in this book and it ended with Esyth sacrificing herself so that Amelia doesn't have to, shattering Gideon's world but giving us a glimpse of the next story, which I believe and hope will be better than this one.Chapter One

Maruj Castle
2nd May, 2014

       "The coffee isn't to your liking, lord?"
The voluptuous girl peered down at him, the innocence she was trying to portray never reaching her voice. Deep brown eyes glistened through thick lashes…daring him. He was never one to refuse a challenge. Gideon raised his gaze to her face and sipped slowly, reveling in the way her small pink tongue jotted out eagerly. He caressed the mouth of his mug for a while—his tongue giving the smooth surface a sweet taunting massage. He knew the wench wanted him...he could smell her desire; wet and hot and just his for the taking.
        "No." He shoved the mug away and towards her, leaning back in his chair. "It's missing something..."
Her eyes widened instantly. "Is it too sweet, lord? Do you wish for cream instead? P-Perhaps brewed too strongly..? I-I can do it again." The girl's face brightened crimson and Gideon fought against the urge to laugh.
    "It's a little...weak."
"Then I shall fetch the sugar." She was off at it before she had even uttered the entire sentence.
    "Sugar...isn't what I desire." His voice was low—just low enough for her not to miss the message behind his lustful tone. The girl stopped sharp in her tracks, her back slightly turned to him. He waited patiently, only because he knew she had caught his meaning. And then she turned slowly, cheeks blushed and hands trembling. Gideon smiled and shifted in his seat. "Perhaps you could suffice."
         The girl stood planted in her position near the door but never uttered a word. Neither did she bat an eyelash, her complexion pale as raw dough. A small dainty mouth opened slightly, perhaps to say something when the door came crashing open. Gideon swore beneath his breath and grabbed back his mug, watching half-attentively as the girl eagerly fled the room.
         “Damn tyrant!” 
  He shook his head as his sister-in-law strode inside the private dining room, shrugging off her coat and reaching the bar in record time.
“What did Hadaen do now?” he chuckled, thoroughly enjoying his coffee.
         Amelia poured herself a glass of brandy and swallowed it down thickly, pausing a moment for the burning in her throat to ease. “If that asshole expects me to live like this then he has sadly mistaken. How can he expect me to go about this damn kingdom and not do anything?”
 “You two have been married for almost three years. When are you going to stop living like cat and dog?” He stared forlornly down into his mug for a minute, smiled sadly and then laughed. “You should follow my example. I’m always happy!”
        Amelia rolled her eyes and braced against the marble counter. “When your brother gets his head from out of his ass, then we can talk about being happy,” she grumbled.
       Gideon chuckled and swallowed down the rest of his coffee. “Yup,” he burped out and patted his chest. “Sounds like you two haven’t been playing hide-the-salami for a while.” He watched as Amelia screwed up her face and then cackled so loudly, it echoed throughout the room. “So I am right. Damn! No wonder the man is pissed.”
      Walking towards the table, she grabbed up a freshly-picked apple and bit into it. “Well, I won’t play housewife for anybody. It’s called compromise, Gideon. He gives me what I want…then he’ll get what he wants. It’s a no-brainer.”
“I’m sure—”
       “WHERE THE HELL IS SHE?” Hadaen’s voice came booming from the hall. A brief silence went before the doors were shoved open again….and in walked his brother, looking ready to blow a fuse.
   “Here!” she hollered, raising her hand and waving it around in a mocking fashion. “See? I haven’t run off like you’ve been accusing me of for the last 28 months!”
       Hadaen casted his brother a withering look and then aimed his gaze back at Amelia. Pulling out a chair, he sat down slowly, obviously trying very hard to maintain his composure. The room stood still for a good five minutes—Amelia deliberately taking her time to devour the tiny apple and Hadaen pretending not to be annoyed by it. Gideon on the other hand could not handle the murderous tension surrounding him so he pushed himself to his feet and sighed dreadfully.
“I…am going to find one of Cook’s sharpest knives and shove it straight through my heart,” he said, eyeing both of them sarcastically. “You two will not bring me down in your god-forsaken misery!”
       At that point, Hadaen’s fist went crashing down against the table; tossing his self-control to the wind. Amelia turned to face him, the never dying defiance blazing in her eyes. “Goddamit, woman! I am your husband. You cannot lock me out of—might I remind you—our bedroom!”
“I already did, Hadaen,” she said in a surprisingly calm voice. “Why am I even attempting to explain things to you?” Amelia shook her head and rose from the table. “I’m going for a walk.” And when she noticed him rising to his feet and reaching out to grab her, she side-stepped him quickly and dashed for the door. “Alone.”
    Gideon shook his head, not even trying to hide his amusement. “How do you do it, man?” he muttered in a taunting tone. “Being rejected by your wife? That’s not good. Not good at all.”
“Go fuck yourself!”
He laughed out harshly. “Speaking of that… I do believe I have an appointment with the infamous Dahlia.”
“Wait. I need to talk to you about something.”
Gideon was already at the door and turning the knob. “What is it?”
“It’s important.” And a dark emotion flashed only briefly across his face. “We need to—.”
“I have to go.”
    And he dashed from the room, heading straight down the long hallway leading to the stone staircase, which lead down into the lower floors. Moving quickly, Gideon tried not to notice the many framed photos which hung neatly on both sides of the wall. Neither did he wish to admit just how happy his ancestors looked, face-splitting smiles and sparkling eyes. But his pace slowed anyway, and he caught a glimpse of his mother’s smile. The mother he had never known; the mother he had heard such great things of and who he had tried to feel her presence countless times while he was a boy. 
         He could remember the long hours past daylight when he would crouch on the floor and stare up at that same picture, trying—hoping—that she would appear. Just so he could meet her and actually feel whole. He could remember those many desolate childhood visits he had made to that very hall. He could. But he refused to. Because if he did, all those sobbing memories would only make him wonder of how great having a complete family was. It would remind him of how many he had lost. And remembering how many he had lost…would remind him of—
No! He refused to go there. It’s been three years. He’d had three long years to cope from losing her. Three long dreadful years—years he would make sure no one know of how badly they affected him. The thrill of sex was no longer what it had been. Three years ago, he had indulged in the favors of women simply because it was available—and he was a conqueror; he had loved sex. But now, he paraded around the Marujan kingdom—not even searching for—but taking the easiest warmth he could get and fucking his mind away.
          It was better that way. He had fallen for a woman too easily and now he was paying the painful price. Never again. Three years ago, he was a boy. Today… he’s a man.
A slight click came from his right, bringing him out of his brief reverie. Gideon turned slightly to see Lady Marza slipping out of the Oleander Room, her face flushed and glowing. Smiling to himself—and knowing he simply could not resist—he headed towards the room and shoved the door open. There his older brother was, sitting around the large desk, feet up casually.
    “You don’t waste any time, do you?”
A smile formed on Faolan’s face as he got to his feet. “Brandy?”
  “Don’t mind if I do.”
Gideon had always favored Faolan more of his two brothers. They understood each other. 
“So…how’s it been?” he said, handing him a glass. “I heard you’re getting even more popular in the villages. Mothers apparently have a bounty on your head for spoiling their virginal daughters.”
       “What can I say…? I’m a wanted man,” he chuckled, sipping down the intense liquid. “And you aren’t so innocent yourself, Mr. Do-Gooder. I might be allegedly ruining girls but you’re the one devouring old women. Isn’t that illegal or something?”
      True amusement glittered in Faolan’s eyes. “Lady Marza is not old.”
“Well, she surely isn’t young.”
His brother swirled the deep-colored liquid in his glass…staring at it reminiscently.       “She’s….experienced. She knows what a man wants.”
“Every woman knows what a man wants.” And they both chuckled at that. 
      Faolan returned to his seat and sighed heavily, staring his younger brother down while toying irritatingly with his long dark plait. The expression he wore cautioned Gideon—he knew his brother was always the type to bring up some manner of bullshit he did not want to hear. And at the moment, there was precisely one thing he did not even want to think about at the very least. So…he decided to try an attempt at diverting Faolan’s thoughts. “Amelia and Hadaen are back at it again."
    “They are, aren’t they?” Faolan grinned and tossed down the remainder of his drink. “Those two won’t ever fail to keep this castle amused. What did she do this time? Take over Cook's job in the kitchens?”
    Gideon laughed. “That was too damn funny. Hadaen’s face was hilarious when he recognized her. But no. No. This time, it’s much worse.”
    “What? Tell me…” Faolan sat up straight, the laughter already bubbling up in his throat.
“She locked him out of their bedroom.”
       A burst of laughter came out of Faolan as he slapped his knee and regarded Gideon with tears in    his eyes. “No… You’re joking.”
Gideon grinned. “I’m dead serious. She got one of the footmen to change the locks for her. I don’t know how she accomplished that…but she did.”
    “Serves him right!” Faolan chuckled and shook his head. “Leaving me to slave here after his own duties while he could have prevented ever losing her in the first place.”
“Yeah. Our sister-in-law is one hell of a drama. You should see what she did to his motorcycle…”
      Faolan sobered up instantly, his lips quivering—trying to hold the laugh in. “What—what did she do?”
    The moment Gideon opened his mouth to speak; the door opened ……...and in walked Hadaen. Faolan sat up straight, all amusement wiped from his features while Gideon washed his chuckles down with the remainder of his beverage.
Hadaen stepped further inside the room, his long black coat swishing against his long strides. He then eyed both of them dubiously and moved towards the bar. Faolan and Gideon exchanged awkward glances while he poured himself a glass of brandy.
        And just to both of their surprise, he swallowed down a portion of the drink and laughed dryly.
“I dare any one of you to get married!”









 
Chapter Two


       The tantalizing aroma of scented candles hit him the moment he made his way into the room and past the long three-layered red silk drapes. The room was dark, thick much darker drapes blocking the mid-morning sunlight from entering through the wide windows. He smelt her—Dahlia—long before he even caught a glimpse of her long blonde hair fanned out around the soft white sheets where she lay. Gideon swallowed deeply as he watched her. Her head was positioned at the far end of the bed towards him, her eyes apparently closed and the thin sheer skirt of her mauve dress draped skimpily over one raised knee. He sucked in a breath, her fairy-like appearance reminding him of another blonde beauty. The same blonde beauty he had allowed himself to fall for…the amazing creature he had unknowingly given his heart to…..
…..The same one who was the reason for him being where he was at the moment; rock hard and ready to pound. 
       Moving swiftly over to the bed, Gideon brushed a feathery caress over her cheek. She smiled and opened her eyes.
     “It’s about time…” she murmured softly.
“I got held up.” He watched as she cat-crawled away from him and towards the other end of the bed. “You know how things can be.”
      Dahlia screwed up her face and pouted. “I’m always last…”
He gave her a small chuckle, removing his coat at the same time. “I always make up for it, don’t I?” And when her frown didn’t resolve, he removed his belt as well, dropping his pants to the floor. Her eyes instantly flew to his straining cock, obvious desire ignited within the depth of her blue eyes.
        Blue eyes, he reminded himself consciously. Not green. Not like—
“You are a cruel, cruel man, Gideon Maruj. If my father finds out you’re here, I’d be disowned for sure,’ she giggled, reaching to clasp his swollen member between her small grasp. “But…it may just be worth it.”
      Music to his ears… Gideon removed her eager hands from his body instantly and pinned them down to the bed, his weight pressing her down into the mattress. Her eyes glittered wantonly—the ever temptress she was; which was one of the reasons he had chosen Dahlia’s company more frequently than others. The depth of her eyes bore no strings…no attachments. No questions. She was simply a woman who wanted and he was a man who gave. Eventually she knew that he’d get bored with her and he’d move on to the next best thing. It was not personal. And she knew that. She understood.
       At least, he hoped she did. There was no beating about the bushes with her. He would visit her chamber once every Friday night—maybe twice—and she’d be waiting patiently for him. And she’d welcomed him with open arms—and legs—and show him a grand time. That was one thing he had Dahlia had in common since lately. They fucked. There was no space for emotions; no place for love. 
     “It is worth it!” he breathed in the hollow space of her neck, sucking in her scents and nipping gently at her flesh. “Must I remind you what you told me last night?”
Dahlia stiffened beneath him, her face flushing deeply. Gideon laughed as his thoughts wandered to their last encounter, her thrashing and squirming beneath him. “I thought we agreed not to talk about it.”
    He moaned, mimicking her actions from that night. He then drawled in a low high-pitched voice, “You fuck me so goooddd. Don’t stop. Please don’t stop.” And he burst out in a loud cackle when she pursed her lips, embarrassed.
   “Shhh,” she hissed. “Someone might hear you!”
At that point, he swiftly parted her legs and positioned himself at the wet heat between her thighs. Dahlia grasped his shoulders tightly as he sunk fierce and deep inside her. Tears rushed to her eyes—he was nowhere gentle. Not even the slightest. But she wanted it. She wanted him. So she bore it, wincing as his thick smooth flesh impaled her tight entrance…..and drove her over the edge.
       Gideon elevated himself on his elbows, watching the pleasure ride across her beautiful features as he drove into her hard and fast…over and over again. His fingers knotted in her hair, gripping tightly and holding her in place. The sex was good, her tight damp walls clutching on to his cock like a damn glove. But that was all there was to it. He took pleasure from the sex they had—great pleasure but that was all it was. He didn’t know what she got from their encounters, and neither did he care. He just hoped she was as rational as he thought and kept her damn emotions in check. They had a sexual connection—he did with almost all women. But he’d never think with his heart ever again. It had just been stupid of him to believe once that he could have had the cake and eat it too.
      Dahlia’s grip tightened, her long crimson nails piercing into his flesh. A deep groan escaped his lips as he flexed his pelvis one last time, slamming into her. Clenching his jaws firmly, Gideon tensed as his release flowed from his body, remaining completely still for only a moment before he rolled off her and sat up on the edge of the bed. Her breathing was heavy behind him, her soft feminine scents blowing around his frame as he slowly steadied his own breaths. Then without further notice, he reached down to pull up his pants. 
      “You’re leaving?”
Gideon squeezed his eyes shut for a moment. Of course he was leaving. He then got to his feet and turned to face her, all the while re-doing the zipper of his trousers. He did not like the tension in her voice—he did not like it all. She’d better not come with any attachment bullshit now. He would not stand for it.
“Yes. I‘ve got to get back to the castle. I’ve stuff to take care of.”
     She was silent for a while. Too silent. And for too long a while. Gideon chose to ignore it. Shrugging on his coat and running a hand through his hair, he regarded her expectantly. “What is it?”
“I just thought—”
“Just thought what?” he asked, somewhat irritably. Do not say it, Dahlia. Do not be a fool. 
    “I thought you probably would’ve stayed a few more minutes. My parents don’t get back from the town till at least a couple hours’ time.” She sat up, clutching the blankets around her and those deep blue eyes moist and glittering. Oh hell! “Just for a few more minutes….”
      “Dahlia.” Her name came out in a deep groan. She was not thinking clearly. She was giving into her emotions—attaching herself; bringing strings into their affair. It simply would not do. And for that reason and that reason alone, Gideon decided it was best that they part ways and move on with both of their lives. He had been wrong about her. Dahlia was falling for him—she was young and spirited and all those lovely things that attracted a man, but he had no time for such things.  
She knelt in the center of the bed, waiting and staring up at him as if he was brunch. There was a faint tug in his gut, warning him to be a tad bit more affectionate. Concerned. But he quickly dismissed the feeling and finished adjusting his clothes. “I have to go.”
Turning away from her momentarily, he heading swiftly for the door.
     “Will I see you next Friday?” she whimpered, her luscious breasts swaying behind the thin blankets as she jumped off the bed and hurried behind him.
     Gideon released a slow breath. “I’ll see you,” he said and ran a thumb across her cheek. A tiny smile formed across her pink lips and he sucked in a harsh breath. He then pushed away the draperies, his hand resting on the doorknob, about to turn. 
“Gideon?”
     He froze. He did not like the sudden change in her voice at all. She seemed all to giddy all of a sudden. Dahlia clearly was getting the wrong ideas behind his words. What he had intended on saying was not: I’ll see you but, Don’t look out for me. I’m not coming back. “Yes?”
     “You’re amazing. I love spending time with you, you know....”
Huge fucking mistake! Gideon stilled. Every tendon within his body drawn tight and about to snap. Forcing a tight smile—and a smile, nonetheless—he pressed a swift kiss to her temple and fled the room before she could even manage another intake of breath. What the fuck was she thinking? Falling for him like that?
       Moving past the narrow hall that led from her bedroom, Gideon cursed deeply beneath his breath and eyed the long window he had come in from. Without even casting a look behind him, he jumped through the window and landed hard—a full two stories down—on the damp lawn, his boot digging deep in the dampened earth. When he managed his way off the property, he chanced a glance back at the large house, his eyes moving upwards slowly…and finally to the same window…..
…..his gaze clashing with those of the beautiful Dahlia. Grimacing, Gideon allowed for a brisk nod and then went on his way. What he needed was a fine shower…and some liquor. Certainly, no more visiting of the mansion which sat at 2aD Division 5.
And no more Dahlia.

*   *  *


      His legs were certainly not carrying him fast enough. He should be back at the castle by now, reveling in the coolness of another but mid-morning shower. ​Instead, he found himself feeling rather uneasy, indifferent to a fault. And he could not understand the reason for it. Gideon’s boot slammed hard against the smooth pavement just before he broke off onto a bushy path which would lead him directly to the Marujan Castle. He was trying at best to avoid as much confrontation as possible; at least until he managed to scrub the sweet scent of Dahlia from his body. After that, he fully intended on stuffing himself with a hefty brunch…and then perhaps challenge Faolan to a game of chess.
       He smiled to himself. Faolan was a good sport…and even better sport at chess. But Gideon was far better. The game required thinking and planning; whereas Faolan often planned before ever thinking at all. Gently tossing a few low-lying branches from his direct path, Gideon paused.
Jasmine. The scent bombarded his senses with a force he could not fathom. He knew that scent—loved it, rather. The sweet subtleness of it sent chills coursing up his spine and he swallowed deeply as he eyed his surroundings carefully. He could laugh at it—he could, but somehow he found himself edging further to his right and away from the castle. Moving slowly, he inhaled deeply. Jasmine. It couldn’t be. The scent was distinct to only one person he had ever known. But that surely could not be the case since Esyth was—
      Do not say it, man. Do not say it. Let it go! But why couldn’t he? She was gone—dead. And there was nothing he could do about it. Something he could say or perhaps wish for her to come back to him. It was funny how he could have always found humor in everything. But this…this was an entirely different case. She had meant something to him and just the mere utterance of her name made him want to run for the hills; to retrace his steps up to three years ago when she had stupidly given up her life to that bastard. He would have done things differently.
     He would have kept a closer eye on her.
Shrugging off the sudden dreariness that was threatening to captivate his soul, Gideon blinked and took an abrupt halt. There was someone else there with him. He could feel it. Instincts kicking into full effect, he moved swiftly, inching behind the wide trunk of a nearby tree. He listened. A gentle breeze swept through the area, caressing leafy branches and spreading the natural scent of wood and earth. He remained still. He could feel a faint energy—a strange one—…moving towards him. He couldn’t imagine who would dare invade Marujan property, aiming to attack him. Only a Kankul soldier, of course, but he would have picked up on that minutes ago. Whoever the invader was, he was no one or of any kind he had ever come across. It puzzled him, really.
       Frowning, Gideon narrowed his gaze to better inspect his surroundings. Tall pine trees scattered across the land, the cool atmosphere, forming a thin misty aura. It had rained earlier in the morning, traces of the light precipitation still evident on the thin leaves of the flora around. The force of the strange energy came wildly, slapping into him a like a grenade. He stumbled to regain his balance, blinking with confusion. Who was it? It was all so strange—so unexpected. And what he sensed in the energy wasn’t danger.
It was…..fear?




































Chapter Three


Slash!
      The quick slice of metal flashed before his eyes just in time as Gideon managed to dodge the hit. Hit. Damn, if he had moved a full two seconds slower, his head probably would have been wiped clean from his body. Turning swiftly, he caught sight of something brown moving fast through the woods to his left. He broke into a run immediately, following the invader. Whoever it was they’d better pray he didn’t catch up—and that was a slim chance to none—for they’d have a whole damn load of answers to give. And his fists ask a lot of questions.
But darn the guy was fast! Shoving away branches, damp dirt clinging to his boots as he ran, Gideon managed to make a glimpse of the invader.
    “I’ve got you now, asshole!” he muttered, tapping into his mana just for the extra speed. And effect of it brought him a good few feet behind his attacker, everything else a blur around him. “Just wait—.”What the…?
     Gideon almost tripped over his own feet. His attacker turned, the hooded figure chancing a backward glance at him. He was dumbstruck. Astonished, as a matter of fact. Large almond-shaped eyes stared back at him—scared into huge saucers; eyes that looked far too beautiful to belong a man. And then turned back around as if alarmed and ran faster but apparently in vain as a huge branch came out of nowhere, catching her squarely in the stomach. The strange woman went sprawling—umpff—and landed hard down on her face.
     Groaning, he took the time to grab her up by the arm, almost shaking the life out of her body. The woman looked up at him, her eyes wide with shock and her mouth slightly ajar. Gideon could not help but look her over twice…okay, maybe one more time. She was beautiful. Thick curly tangles of auburn hair, streaked with gold highlights, fell down into a hooded brown cloak, framing an olive-colored oval face with the cutest heart-shaped mouth he had ever seen. Yes, she was beautiful. Any man with at least one eye could tell that…but she was not his type. Esyth was—
   Shaking his thoughts back to reality, Gideon quickly sensed for another presence—found nothing—then averted his attention back to her. My, she was the quietest ‘caught’ person he had ever met!
“Who are you? Why did you attack me?”
     Her mouth opened but no words came out. “I… I…”
“Yes?”
   “I…” she gave him a strange onceover and then blinked twice. “I don’t know.”
Gideon raised a skeptical brow at her. “You don’t know who you are?”
“No.” She said it as if she found him irritating. Then she actually rolled her eyes. “I mean, I don’t know why I attacked you.”
    Gideon let out an impatient breath. “You’d better start making sense sometime soon. You’re not from Maruj which means you’re trespassing. How’d you even manage to get here?”
      She frowned deeply up at him, attempting to escape his death grip but he only held on tighter.   Seeing she was defeated, she sighed and jolted her chin out. “I have a message.”
A message? From who? He yanked her closer. “Let’s hear it…”
      Defiance shone in her deep brown eyes. “It must only be delivered to the intended receiver. For all I know”—she looked him over disgustedly—“you could be madman out on the loose.”
Gideon’s mouth dropped open. Madman out on the loose…? Of all the things! This woman clearly had no idea who she was speaking to…..and if she did, oh he prayed she had a good explanation for it. A good one. Gritting his teeth angrily, he breathed hot air through his nostrils, “Who—if I may ask—is the message for?”
She angled her chin, obviously feeling a bit too important at the moment. “It’s for Lord Gideon Maruj.”
Gideon stared at her a full five seconds before barking out a harsh laugh. Shaking his head at her and giving her a few tsk-tsks, he stared deep down into her eyes and smiled wickedly. “My dear friend, do you even know who you are talking to at the moment?”
    “Of course, I do!” she snapped, trying to escape him again. “You’re—you’re…” She paused, staring up at him, her eyes searching his features for the tiniest of seconds before a deep blush spread across her cheeks and neck. Then she muttered weakly, “You’re…?”
Nodding slowly, Gideon forced himself from bursting into laughter again. He then turned on his heel, yanking her along behind him.
“Wait!” she yelped. “Let me go. Where are you takin—No!”
“Oh, you just wait and see, wench!” Gideon chuckled. “I know someone who would just love to meet you.”



     Faolan stared down the papers scattered over his desk. He had much to do. As the second child, he had obligations towards assisting his brother Hadaen as best as he could. Although he found accounting and bookkeeping a bit time-consuming and, well….boring, he had to at least occupy himself somehow. Taking a sip of his coffee, he sank back into his chair and sighed. He had a good life—sweet rather, which only made his feelings even more unexplainable as to why he was currently feeling down. Perhaps he should go pay Lady Marza a visit. Shaking his head, he decided against it and rose to his feet, striding slowly towards the large window which gave him a delicious view of the gardens below. He had never been particularly fascinated by flowers and the sorts but he found himself appreciating the sight this moment.
      Smiling, he turned a full five minutes later, narrowing his gaze at the several miniature frames that lined up neatly across the metal mantelpiece. His mother. This had been her favorite room. The Oleander Room, it was called. He could remember himself as a wee boy when he would sit right there on the carpet—Hadaen and he—as she would tell them tale after tale of some beautiful kingdom miles upon miles across the ocean. Perhaps, that was where she was now. He hoped. If not, then somewhere much better and deserving of her beautiful presence.
Blinking away the thoughts, Faolan released a heavy breath. He should not ponder on sad thoughts now. The past was the past. For if he wandered too long on the terrible memories, he would start to remember how shaken he had been when he had lost his father. How angry, raging mad he was especially since he had felt so damn helpless. Reaching across the room abruptly, he forgot his coffee and poured himself some scotch. The First knew the intense liquid could do a well for a man in times such as these!
     Suddenly, the side doors—connecting to the sitting room—were shoved open just slightly and Gideon stuck his head in. Then after a small sigh, he entered the room, looking quite suspicious.
“You don’t take your time, do you?” Faolan grinned, eyeing his little brother. “Wasn’t expecting you back so soon…”
    Gideon nodded briskly and then glanced backwards towards the door before making his way across the room. “Where’s Hadaen?”
Faolan shrugged. “Haven’t seen him in since he last came in here. Possibly off throwing boulders to rid his frustration at his wife.”
    A grin twitched at Gideon’s lips. “Good. I have something—rather…er…someone I want you to meet.”
Two black brows rose curiously. “Who is it?”
     “Just come.” Gideon beckoned him forward and towards the side doors. Faolan, who didn’t quite like the friskiness in his brother’s tone, eyed him dubiously but still followed behind curiously through the doors. The sitting room looked the same as it had always been: small arm chairs neatly arranged in a half-moon fashion in front of a wide coffee table. Three leather sofas sat diagonally across the room in odd yet interesting positions across from a tall fireplace. The room reminded him yet and again of his mother; the soft peach wallpapers decorating its interior and the gentle aroma of raspberries.
     So, in all his reverie Faolan hadn’t recognized the totally unfamiliar face across the room, until Gideon’s elbow jabbed in harshly in the side. Faolan scowled darkly at his brother and then turned to catch a glimpse of a young—and very feminine woman—staring back at him. For a moment his jaws had slackened, simply caught off guard by the beauty of the strange creature. Her countenance seemed young but the soft swelling of firm breasts atop the low neckline of her very immodest blouse was anything but like that of a child. The curve of her brown skirts spread across well-formed hips, tight leather pants over firm thighs. Faolan sucked in a breath. Damn.
Clenching his jaws and shooting Gideon a glare, he turned back to the girl and nodded.
    “What’s the meaning of this?” he asked. Gideon grinned and slapped a firm palm on his brother’s right shoulder.
“That’s what I’m about to find out.”
  The girl rolled her eyes and got to her feet, seeming completely bored with her surroundings. “Is he truly Gideon Maruj?”
It took Faolan a while to realize that it was him she was addressing. Gideon snickered. “Uh—yes.” He cleared his throat. “And you are?”
     She stretched a hand out to him, already striding across the room. “Amanda of the Alexanders.”
   Faolan quirked a brow at his brother who shrugged in return. “I know,” Gideon responded. “Never heard of them either.”
      The girl—Amanda sighed. “We are from a distant village twenty miles south-east of The Hub. Liguanea Villa, it’s called.”
    Mention of The Hub sent tremors coursing through Gideon’s body. Not so very welcoming tremors. Stepping forward instantly, his expression now serious, he stared down at her. “How did you get here?”
    Amanda twisted her mouth into annoyed snare. “By foot, naturally. Since there are no roads connecting my home to yours.”
      Faolan and Gideon exchanged surprised glances. It must have taken her months to get to Marujan borders. “She claims to have a message,” Gideon drawled to Faolan. For me.”
   “Well, then let’s hear it,” Faolan murmured, taking a casual seat in one of the two small armchairs. He shifted uncomfortably and then nodded to the girl.
      For a moment, she just stood there, glancing from one brother to the next. Gideon was beginning to fear that she had lied to them—that she was probably a Kankul spy out to break into their defenses. He wouldn’t anything past those nasty vermins. But when she retreated slowly and sank back unto the sofa, her pupils shaking with purpose, he knew for sure that she really had something weighing on her mind. Swallowing thickly, he took a couple more steps towards her then stopped. She looked up….and something flashed across her eyes. Something dark; mysterious… a silvery light winking faintly within them.
    “I was sent by someone, “she muttered softly—so softly, they’d almost not heard her at all. “I-I don’t know who it is but the power was so strong, it had woke me from my slumber one night.”
   “Tell us…” Faolan leaned forward, his forearms resting on his knees.
She blinked, staring down at her hands in her lap. “Someone needs your help, Gideon,” she said, staring intently at him, her gaze never wavering. She shook her head. “I can’t seem to connect with this person but…but I managed to decode the message. It had been in some form of… a code.” Gideon frowned, his nostrils flaring hotly as he marched over to her, yanking her up to him…Amanda’s face but inches from his. “Tell me… Now.” Through the corner of his eyes he saw Faolan stand. There was an inkling somewhere in the back of his mind. But he refused to give in just yet. Not until—
     “It’s a woman.” Her lips shook as she spoke, eyes wide. “She’s been trapped for years. Her message had been cut short—for s-some reason I don’t know but it was in the form of a color.”Gideon’s breathing quickened, rage—and hope—coursing through his veins as he waited for her to finish. Then she looked up at him as if she was uncertain. “Green.”



Chapter Four


He hadn't known exactly when he had fled from the room. He hadn't known when he had began stalking madly up the stairs and down the hall either--shoving over maids and footmen as they went about their duties. What he could account for was the maddening way he pounded on the door to Hadaen's study only minutes later, a hysterical fury coursing through his veins as his patience almost dissipated from his body like hot air. So when the door finally opened to him, Gideon hadn't waited to be acknowledged but shoved his way pass, heaving ridiculously.
And he even pretended not to notice Amelia on the other side of the room running a hand through a slightly disheveled hair...or the murderous glare his oldest brother had given him for it.
    "Sorry," he muttered, keeping his back carefully turned to Amelia. He cleared his throat and then motioned to Hadaen who stood with his arms crossed and legs spread apart: his angry stance. "We need to talk. It's important."
   "Well," Amelia's voice. "I'll just go find something...worthwhile to do." She was half-way to the door when Gideon stopped her.
   "No. You're going to want to hear this too."
All three exchanged glances. Hadaen approached him and eyed him curiously. "What is it?"
     Gideon ran a hand over his hair and sighed heavily, a pained look running across his features. "I think...I think Esyth is alive."
"What?" Amelia touched his arm.
       Hadaen frowned. "What do you mean? It's been three years, Gideon."
"I know that! You think I haven't been counting the days? The hours?" He almost shouted but the words only came out in a shaky weak voice. "Look, you have to trust me."
     Amelia swallowed, batting back a tear. After all, if it weren't for her Esyth would not have had to make the sacrifice she had. "How do you know this?"
"I found someone. Well, she found me."
    "She?" Hadaen narrowed his gaze, his jaws clenching. "Who?"
Gideon looked from Hadaen to Amelia, then back. "A woman from some village near the Hub. Esyth must have communicated with her. Look, I'm not stupid, alright? And I know it's been three fucking years." He turned and stalked across the room to the bar, his fingers trembling as he uncorked a bottle. "But if she is alive out there...it's my duty to find her."
   Hadaen started. "Gideon--"
"You of all persons should know what the feeling is like." Gideon's stare passed between him and Amelia. "You have to trust me."
     Hadaen shook his head, inhaling a deep breath as his brother's thoughts--memories blooded his own mind as if they were his own. He could feel Gideon's pain; the harsh reality of it was maddening. And he could not stand in his way. He cast a sidelong glance at his wife--his beautiful Amelia. The woman he would give his life for in a heartbeat. If it were her... Hell, it had been her!
    "I suggest you don't tarry," Hadaen muttered strongly, pretending not to notice Amelia's sudden beam of glee. "You must find her. I wish I could come with you but I can't just thrust my responsibilities on Faolan again. Take him with you. And be careful."
Gideon nodded and cracked a weak grin. For all it was worth, Hadaen wanted his brother to grin like a buffoon again. He hardly seemed like himself when he didn't. "Okay. Faolan and I will leave in the morning—.”
     Suddenly, Amelia stepped between them, her big green eyes sparkling with puzzlement. "What about me? I should come too. It's my fault for what's happened to Esyth."
  Hadaen glared at her. "You are not going anywhere, woman. Never again. You will not leave my side, understand?"
    "You can't keep me locked up in this medieval palace, Hadaen. This is the twenty-first century, for heaven's sake!"
Hadaen decided to ignore her and continued, turning to his brother, "If you need help however, don't hesitate to contact me. Now...where is the woman?"
Gideon glanced apologetically at a fuming Amelia and moved towards the door. But not before hearing behind him: 
Smack! Flesh striking flesh.
"Bite me, Hadaen."
"Tonight."

* * *


      Amanda sat up straight in her seat, watching as they watched her, four pairs of eyes bearing down on her like positioned arrows ready to be released. Aristocrats, she thought. It was much more than an assumption. Judging by how they dressed, she knew this lot were important people...in this kingdom of theirs. Before her were two new faces...a man and a woman who seemed to be quite taken with each other. She looked the man over swiftly, taking care not to stare, and quickly decided him handsome. A hard rugged type of handsome unlike the other who had practically dragged her to the room from the woods. What was his name again? Ah...Gideon. She knew many females in her village who would swoon in his presence.
     The female, however, did not have that arrogant frown like the other men in the room. Her expression was warm, as if she was silently and intentionally seeking friendship. Amanda figured she'd keep an eye on her for there was something very strange and magical about that one.
      Even though she felt somehow crowded in by all these strange people, her eyes however could not seem to stop averting towards the far corner of the room where he stood. Faolan. She couldn't forget his name even if she wanted to. Her father would scold her endlessly if he ever caught her flushing over the man. After all, she was promised to another since before her birth. In the next year or so she would be married off to Ewan of the Luthers.
    A cold shiver ran up her spine at the thought. She'd never liked the man, for his lack of personality was certainly an aspect that could not be compromised. She chanced a glance at Faolan once again--there she was referring to a man by his first name, a man she had no relationship to. But she couldn't quite help it. So when she looked up, she was quite surprised to see him staring back so intensely. If she was one of those weak women--and she most certainly wasn't--she would have squirmed. Instead she swallowed and allowed her gaze to wander elsewhere.
    "So you were just contacted with this.....message?"
Amanda looked up and nodded. Perhaps her reverie had caused her to miss out on the introductions.
   "I'm sorry; you are?" she asked.
The man's eyes narrowed as he answered evenly though irritatingly. "Hadaen Maruj. Lord Hadaen Maruj."
    She didn’t miss the way he emphasized his title. Neither did she care. "Ah. My apologies. I fear my mind had been elsewhere."
Hadaen and Gideon exchanged glances while the woman stepped forward, extending a hand.
    "I'm Amelia," she said, smiling easily. "It's very nice to meet you, Amanda of the Alexanders. Esyth is a dear friend of mine and..." Tears clouded her eyes for just a moment and Amanda felt a twinge of the woman's pain. How odd. "We must find her."
    Finally releasing Amelia's hand, Amanda blinked and stood, the thin skirts of her dress falling just over her knees where the top of her leather boots ended. "I believe the woman who contacted me must be in some real deal of trouble," she said, eyeing everyone in the room. "She might be in pain as well."
   Gideon stepped forward, his face stricken. "Because...?"
"The signal was done very well," Amanda admitted. "She's good, very good at it. But I cannot say the same for the energy I had sensed around it. That message had been sent out of desperation. She needs help. Urgently."
      Gideon ran a hand down his face and started pacing the room.
"You should leave as soon as possible," Amelia suggested. "If Esyth really is the sender of that message then we cannot keep her waiting." She looked at Gideon and Faolan and then touched the one standing next to her. "Hadaen?"
    "She's right. You might as well leave right away."
Amanda glanced in Faolan's direction and he straightened his posture, moving forward. "Well then... Gideon? You heard the man. Let's go!"
Gideon nodded and inhaled a deep breath, tilting his head to the side, and gesturing with his chin.      "She's coming with us."
"What?"
The word came out in a combined gasp and grunt from Amanda and Faolan. Hadaen raised a brow at him and Amelia's lips twitched with amusement.
"It's best in case Esyth tries to communicate again," Amelia offered.
     "B-But I can't..." Amanda stammered. "My father... I must get back!"
"I'm sure your father will understand," Gideon said. 
     She wanted to say that he, Carlisle of the Alexanders, would in fact not understand. That neither would Ewan of the Luthers…but she didn't. She had been given strict instructions to deliver the message and return home. Nothing else. Amanda glanced at Faolan Maruj once again and swallowed her words for a reason she could not yet explain. Defying her father would bring hefty consequences...so why was she doing precisely that?
     Amanda swallowed thickly as she thought it out. She had always sought after a grand adventure but the rules governing her village had—would never allow it. But she wasn't in Liguanea Villa now, was she? A mischief filled thrill ran up and down her back, tingling like the right kind of wrong. So could this be her chance at last? She knew that she'd eventually have to return home...and that her father would only speed her nuptials with Ewan along even faster just to punish her but it would be worth it, wouldn't it? One chance to rebel and be reckless before she committed her life to a man who would think her no more but a slave to his marital obligations. She'd made her decision. In fact, it was no decision at all.
     Amanda cracked a smile—one her mother would describe as far too sultry—and glanced at Faolan before nodding her agreement.
"I will accompany you on your journey," she stated firmly. "But only under one condition."
Gideon groaned while everyone else remained still, eager to know what this 'condition' was. This time it was Faolan who spoke, his voice reminding her of the first crack of sunlight near dawn. She almost trembled but decided to scold herself for it later. "And that is?" he said.
     "Tell him to return my weapons." And by him she meant Gideon.
"Weapons?" Hadaen turned and glanced curiously at his youngest brother. "You didn't mention anything about her carrying weapons." He then turned a questioning glance at Faolan who gave a slow shrug.
    Gideon pursed his lips and heaved. And why the fuck would he have mentioned the fact that the woman had almost sliced his damn head off completely? "You'll get your toys,” he drawled in a sour tone, his eyes bored. “Now let's go."
"Toys!" she shrieked in a high-pitched voice. Hadaen visibly faltered while Faolan didn't even bother to hide his amusement, a wide grin flashing at his brother’s moment of torture. Amelia smiled. "Toys? If you must know, the bow and arrows is a very important aspect of our lifestyle—my people, that is." Then she stomped her foot—actually stomped it. "And my Scimitar is anything but a toy!"
     Faolan's mouth fell open and Hadaen's brows rose high on his forehead. "A Scimitar?" Amelia chuckled and laced her arm through Amanda's. "We have got to talk before you leave."
    Gideon rolled his eyes, face heated with embarrassment. "As long as you don't give her any reason to believe that she needs to use the blasted thing again." He then grumbled something beneath his breath and stalked from the room, his two brothers soon following suit.
     "Be easy on him," Amelia told her as they both took a seat on the sofa. "Gideon had spent very little time with Esyth before she...disappeared. He isn’t this grumpy person you see here. He’s the total opposite of that.”
    Amanda ran a hand over the front of her skirt, her palm coming to her rest on one hip. “How did she disappear?”
"It's a very long story. This kingdom here...”—she wove a hand around—“…do not let the looks fool you. The people here have felt the harshest of times."
    Amanda nodded her understanding. "Lord Hadaen... He is your...?"
Amelia smiled. "Husband? Yes. For almost three years now."
   "You look very happy together. Well-matched and understanding. I suppose your son loves you dearly."
Amelia shrunk back immediately as if scorched by an open flame. "I—We don't have any children."
Amanda frowned. "That's odd. I could almost swear I..." Then she looked Amelia straight in the eye and paused, her cheeks flushing. "Oh... I didn't know."
   "Didn't know what?" Amelia frowned deeply.
Amanda's gaze flickered over the other woman's flattened stomach and her eyes flew wide open.     "You're pregnant!" she gasped and slapped a palm over her mouth. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to..."
She opened her mouth to speak but before she could even manage a word out, Amanda of the Alexanders ran from the room, leaving a still bewildered Amelia, hand shooting to her abdomen instinctively.




















Chapter Five


         He stood with arms crossed and nails biting into his biceps as he watched her. No, he glared at her as she stood rather contently—and nonchalantly—as she slyly slipped the strap of her bow and arrows case-let across her shoulders and grasped the Scimitar sword from Faolan quite possessively. This woman was some nerve and Gideon decided that as soon as he managed to get close enough to Esyth and did not need her assistance any longer…he’d make it his duty to redirect her in the way of her cursed village. He swore beneath his breath and deliberately ground the crispy branches beneath his feet as he walked. Damn, he was not himself anymore. This rowdy stinking attitude was very much unlike him and he did not favor it one bit. He was starting to feel like his older brother. 
         Gideon screwed up his face. As much as he loved his Hadaen, he did not want to be a bad-tempered asshole for the rest of his life.
         Glancing upwards, he studied the slightly visible sky, the tall pine trees blocking out most of the view. From what he could see though, they would have a fair evening ahead of them so they had best make good use of it before the anticipated shower later on. He glanced at the woman again, her back turned to him as she followed his brother through the dense woods. Something was very strange about her. She’d said she had travelled from her village on foot for months but still all she carried was a case of bow and arrows and a sword. No utilities. No supplies. And yet she appeared as if she hadn’t even walked half a mile. And he still could not wrap his head around the fact that she had entered Marujan land undetected. If they guards had never been more competent in their jobs before, they were now. Simply because he knew Deorci was out there somewhere. Another attack was still possible...by him or some fool who might want to boost his position by honoring the monster. They hadn’t felt his wrath back in the Hub that night—Gideon could admit that as much as it pained him to since he had lost the one thing…the one woman he had felt something for. But if Deorci was in fact out there, they’d better not lower their defenses. If and when he stroke again, it would not be a day many would live to tell about. That is, if anyone lived at all.
           Gideon kept his eyes trained on Amanda of the Alexanders as best as he could; recording every movement she made. There was something about her. If only he could figure it out…
Breaking out of the cave of pine trees, the damp scent of the earth circling around them, all three came up on what Gideon and his elder brother knew as the plain of Maruj. It was a wide, lowly-weeded area spreading out many miles to the north and around. There was nothing but open land and light wind, the stillness of the air somewhat worrying. And worrying it was when he turned to face Amanda of the Alexanders, chewing away on a smooth bottom lip and glancing awkwardly around her. Adrenaline immediately flooded his veins.
     “We’ve got a long way to go to cross this one,” Faolan muttered, hands resting on his slender hips. “Damn.”
    Without even thinking—hell, he had no time to think—Gideon grabbed her by the arm and yanked her around to face him. Shocked and defiant eyes glowered up at him as she inched the arm holding her sword a little higher. Was she threatening him?
     "Hey!" Faolan snapped and shoved him away, wedging himself carefully between the two. "We don't have any time for all this bullshit, okay? Keep this up and we'll never get anywhere!" He pinned a cold glare on Gideon and spat. "You should know better... Now what the fuck is up?"
    Amanda of the Alexanders folded her arms. "He's the one who thinks it's his right to lay his hands on me." She stepped forward and Faolan raised a stilling hand at her. "Let me tell you something, where I am from I'm just as important as you are and if my father were to hear of this, he would have your brother's head on a platter at dinner for the damn centerpiece!"
     Faolan winced and sighed, turning on his brother, who rolled his eyes dramatically. "Well?"
Gideon twisted his mouth disgustedly. 
     "Leave it to you to fall for such a weak speech from a woman, Faolan. I would just love to watch you two warm to each other right now—and don't think I haven't noticed—but I'd very much like to keep access to my eyes for a while." His jaws clenched and unclenched harshly. "Why don't you ask her how she got here exactly?"
    Faolan dragged his eyes from Gideon and focused his gaze on Amanda. She stood completely still, lashes lowered as she peered at both of them sheepishly. There was a defiant air about her—as if she was used to the need of constantly having to prove herself. Then she did the unexpected...the inevitable, regardless. She blushed heavily and her face fell. Faolan eyed her dubiously, a muscle ticking in his jaw. "How did you get here?"
      Sighing, she threw a burning glance Gideon's way and let out a heavy breath, readying herself to speak. And when she did, her voice was no higher than a low croak. "I cast a spell."
"What?"
"I told you she was a fucking witch!" Gideon roared.
"I am not a witch!"
"No, you didn't." Faolan scratched the back of his neck, trying to make sense of the situation. Fuck, his head was starting to hurt!
    "W-Well, not verbally!" Gideon fumed. "Who's side are you on anyway?" He then shook his head and raised his hands up at eye level. "I won't touch her, alright?" And he moved around his brother to face the witch. She was brave, he knew that for sure. "What spell?"
   Amanda chewed on her lip for a while and then placed the sword on the ground at her feet, very closely to her feet. She then lifted her skirts slowly, reaching a hand to the waist of her leather trousers. Both men stepped closer and she narrowed her eyes at them. Faolan immediately turned away, whistling some odd tune. Gideon, on the other hand, was a bit reluctant, grumbling as he turned his back.
   "Here it is." It wasn't a full five seconds later that her voice came ringing through the air like that of a child who'd just stumbled on a forbidden cookie.
    Gideon eyed the small black silky bag that sat in her upturned palm. He shared a questioning glance with his brother and then stared her dead straight in the eyes. "What is it?"
"It's suhki," she muttered, eyes suddenly brightening with pride. "We use it in our village for a variety of reasons. It brought me here."
    "How?" Gideon asked.
Amanda opened the bag and reached two slender fingers inside. When she withdrew it, nothing fascinating happened. On her fingers was a dash of a dark sandy substance. There was nothing magical about it; plain as daylight. "It holds some of the most treasured sources of magikos known to my village."
    "Looks like dirt to me..." Gideon mumbled when his brother's elbow came jamming into his side. Ignoring Faolan, he took a closer look at the substance in her hand. "Ok. So what now?"
She smiled. "Now? Now, I open the portal to Baamel."
"What's Baamel?" Faolan queried.
    "It's a nation just outside of Liguanea Villa, neighboring the Hub by a thousand miles. You've never heard of it?"
    Gideon blinked. He knew of a fairly small nation of that location but not by the name of Baamel. He'd been there—he and his brother—the first time when he and Hadaen had been out searching for Amelia all those years ago.
    "I know it," he said, reassuring Faolan. "Hadaen and I passed through three years ago. At that time, I'm sure it was called Peldine...or something like that."
"It was called Peldine," Amanda confirmed. "Before its leader, Jahmel Peldine posed a silly war against my people. He was overthrown by his men and his right-hand man took over. Malakai Baamel, his name is."
     Gideon frowned. The name didn't ring any bells. But why would it when he had only slipped through the place? He hadn't time—especially because of Hadaen—to familiarize himself with anyone. "How long ago was this?"
"Two years. Maybe less," she responded, not keeping her eyes from her sword. "But if you've finished satisfying your curiosity of me, Lord Gideon, I suggest we continue our journey." Her eyes were cold now as they averted to his face.
      Faolan cleared his throat and nodded. "Let's go, then."
"Stay where you are," she cautioned when they made to move forward. "Your difference in energies from mine might interfere. Whatever you do, do not say a word. This spell is very delicate. I don't know about you but I would rather not end up in a trench in the middle of nowhere." And she pinned them both with a long glance until they backed up a couple steps.
     Amanda turned and quickly slid the bag into its original position, blushing as she knew well enough what their thoughts might have been when she had first reached inside her waistband. She shook her head. Men and their perverted minds. Bending to retrieve her sword, she then inhaled deeply and closed her eyes.
  Gideon watched her closely as her head fell back on her shoulders slowly, her body perfectly erect.
"Comë malak consè beh..." she said in a mutter that quickly developed into a chant.”Comë malak consè beh..."
A chilling breeze blew around them. The sky darkened just a shade. Amanda of the Alexanders then threw her hand up, the dark substance tossed upwards.......
.......but it never fell. Gideon looked on in amazement as the clump of dirt—er, suhki—floated around in the air before them, a heat-like haze forming. And it grew taller, wider forming a translucent door-like entrance right in thin air.
   "You've got to be fucking kidding me!" Gideon chuckled. Faolan raised a brow at him... and when he realized that he perhaps should still be angry at her deceit, he yelled, "Let's go! We don't have any more time to waste."
      And he moved past both of them and stepped, however, awkwardly through the portal. The rancid scent of spoilt fish was the first thing that greeted him when he got to the other side, followed by the salty taste of the air and the smell of burnt wood. Gideon swallowed down the urge to orally dispel his guts and decided to study his surroundings instead. He was currently standing in what looked like a half-burnt wooden house—perhaps a study or a small sitting room. Around him were broken armchairs, a pair of mildewed sofa and an overturned bookshelf. Everything else must have perished in the alleged fire.
"Damn; what the fuck died in here?" Faolan's voice went. 
      "Shhh," said Amanda of the Alexanders. Gideon could tell she was right behind him. "This house may be burnt but it's still someone's property."
Gideon narrowed his eyes on a side-door across the room from him and started towards it. "Let's go. Before I throw up..."
   "Wait," she gasped, rushing behind him. "There's another door at the back. We should use that one."
Gideon gave her long hard glance and then nodded reluctantly. He followed her directions to the backdoor and shoved it open slowly, brilliant sunlight flooding in on them so sharply it made him wince.
    "Damn," he groaned. "I haven’t seen sun like this....in ever. What's this place called again?"
"Baamel."
   "Mm. Faolan? How you feeling?"
"Just get the hell out of the way before I knock you out. You're blinding me here."
      Gideon chanced a look behind him and saw his elder brother's deep scowl, a hand shading his  eyes. Grinning, he stepped outside and into the cool air.
     Baamel didn't look significantly different from the commoner village in Maruj. The only true difference about the two places is that Maruj would do well with some of this weather. Gideon nodded to himself. Yup, we'd do well with a little more sunshine now and then. They moved into the streets which was highly populated by people, bustling and going about their respective businesses. He could hear the evidence of locksmith's tools, the familiar roar of patrons inside a bar.....and the mouthwatering scent of potatoes and stew. Hell, he hadn't realized he hadn't eaten since morning. And that rump with Dahlia had surely left him feeling wasted.
       Groaning lowly, he paused in his tracks and observed. Ahead of them was a long straight road which he assumed would eventually bring them out of Baamel. The sides of that road were littered with houses and shops....small business and motels. To the east was a very clear and small woodland area, what he presumed was used by the villagers as a past time sport area.....and for shooting.
"What now?" Amanda's voice came, thoroughly distracting him from his thoughts.
     "Do we even know where we are headed?" Faolan said. Then he turned to look at her. "Do you know?"
She shook her head. "I wish I knew...but I don't."
"This is just great," Gideon swore, his impatience starting to act up. "Just great."
     "I could try to contact her."
Both men spun to look at her. "You can do that?"
   She gave a timid shy. "I-I could try..." And all certainty flew out the window for them. "I'll try."
"You can start tonight," Gideon told her. It was not a question. No request. He was demanding it of her. If she weren't a woman.....and if she could not somehow sympathize with the hurt she assumed he was currently feeling, Amanda probably would have told the dimwit Lord Gideon a piece of her mind at that moment. But she didn't.
     "Okay." She swallowed down the lump in her throat and inhaled deeply. "I'll try tonight."
"We should get some place to stay in the meanwhile," Faolan suggested. "Tomorrow, we'll set out on our search.....providing we find any leads."
"We should." Gideon frowned and looked around cautiously. "I don't know but I'm having a strange feeling about this place. Faolan?"
    His brother stepped forward, his eyes narrowed as he scanned the area swiftly. "Your right, little brother. We got a strange energy nearby. One similar too—"
Faolan cut his words short as he remembered Amanda's presence. There was no need for her to know what didn't concern her. The look Gideon gave him confirmed his own thoughts.
     "It's very strange, alright." Gideon nodded and took a step away. "Let's go. We need all the hours we can get tonight."
    And all three started off, apparently mixing with the crowd of Baamel villagers...and completely unaware of the cloaked creature that trailed their every move.









Chapter Six


      The copper-like taste of blood had remained in her mouth hours later. She could feel the deep cuts on the inside of her cheeks, wincing in agony as her tongue invaded the raw slits. Her mouth fell open involuntarily, an attempt to bring more air in to somehow cool the raging hear inside her mouth. Tongue slightly swollen and mouth dry, a moan managed its way past cracked crispy lips. If only she could distract herself from the thunderous pounding in her own head; the rush of blood suddenly seemed far too loud.
      She pulled herself across the rough ground, the scraping of a heavy metal chain echoing through the darkness-flooded room. She could feel—wished she didn’t have to see—the inflamed open cuts on her ankles and legs, a wedging pain in her left thigh reminding her of her last brutal altercation with him.
     Her Master. At least that was what he had told her to call him. She wanted to cry—she could, for the tears were no more than half a millimeter way from spilling over her lids. She wanted to but couldn’t. For over the past few years, she had demonstrated so many forms and levels of weakness that she refused to lose the last existing thread of her dignity. Her tears. So, she’d keep them. Just to remind her why she was urging on; why she hadn’t taken the chance at her own life many cold nights and boiling days.
    Muscles now beyond the state of fatigue, she flung a heavy arm over her stomach and shrunk deeper within the darkness, the mars of hunger eating at her insides. She needn’t a mirror to know how she looked: sunken cheekbones, black and blue eyes, shedding hair…bony structure. She knew she’d lost a great deal of weight, she could almost feel her body slipping away…deteriorating as each day passed by. Thinking about it did not help at all. For she wished she had at least the courage to put an end to it all. To put an end to her.
      The rough slamming of a door came somewhere a few meters away, the sound hollow and dreadful…followed by the heavy footsteps. Two, maybe three men judging by the long strides between steps. Her body might seem useless to her now but at least her mind was still working.
“What is it?” his nasty voice hissed. Her Master, that is. She could feel his cold calloused hands on her face, her body…her legs. She swallowed down in disgust simply because she didn’t have the energy to even spit.
“A-A few more of the men have died early this a-afternoon, Sir,” a man stuttered.
Silence. 
“How many?” he barked. 
“Twelve, S-Sir. We don’t know what caused it but e-everybody’s just been getting sick as of lately.”
“And are you planning on getting sick, Bart?”
The man stuttered ridiculously, his fear causing his voice to shake. “N-No, Sir. W-Wouldn’t even d-dream of it…Sir.”
     “Good! Now move and get back to your fucking duties!”
A light flashed across the area she knew was the door and hurried footsteps descended it and back down the hall. She swallowed. Anticipation was no longer relevant when she knew the planned outcome in a situation like this. It was his routine. Every night—not that she could tell the difference between day and night from where she was. The desolate frigid room dark all day round. A lock clicked and the door was shoved open, slamming against the wall so forcefully, the room felt like it shook. She could feel his terrifying presence, the intense scent of his crimes…his wicked intentions. And she could already feel him forcing his way past her thighs and robbing her of her womanly rights over and over again. Fucking her hard and roughly as if he had a right to. Bile rose up in her throat, the bitter taste of it spreading across the insides of her lips at the thought of it.
     Then a bright light flooded the room, blinding her momentarily. Lantern in his hand, she watched him—timidly—as he moved purposefully inside the room, kicking the door close along the way. And the first thing she noticed when she looked up…..was the nasty smug grin plastered on his face. 
    “Aren’t you happy to see me?” he muttered, voice incapable of producing even the smallest ounce of softness. He was a monster. And she hated him. “Sad,” he continued, resting the lantern on the floor. “’Cause I am so happy to see you. In fact, I’ve been looking forward to tonight because I have a special present for you.”
    She noticed he was wearing a long heavy cloak. Now, she pushed the sides away to reveal long muscular legs and a well-toned body. If he was not the devil reincarnate…the evil wretch she knew him to be, she could have admitted him handsome. A woman calling her rapist…her assaulter handsome would be the day hanging be determined the punishment for making such a statement.
    She opened her mouth to speak, praying she didn’t falter when she said, “Y-You’re a sorry mistake for a man. I hope The First does not have mercy on your soul.”
His grin widened, forming into a deep cackle as he laughed at her. “The First?” he mumbled.     “Do I look I give a fuck about your cursed ‘The First’. You have a lot of mouth for trash just waiting to be scraped up.”
     Refusing to show just how his words hurt—or how helpless she really was, she clamped her    mouth shut and simply stared at him, forcing back the tears. She did not even have the strength…the courage to verbally defend herself. At that moment, above all others, she knew she had really lost the battle.
     “Now...” he began, face now serious. “Be a good little whore and spread those legs. And make it speedy…I doubt you can handle another blow for the next decade.” He looked her over disgustedly. “You look half-dead already.” He shrugged. “But I need you.”
     He needed her. She hid the sad smile that had started to form on her lips shaking lips. It was a pity he did not know that what he needed….was already all gone.


* * *

       “You think it’s working?” Faolan whispered at Gideon’s side as they both watched Amanda of the Alexanders where she sat in the center of the room. She sat on the rug with legs folded in front of her, wrists resting on side-turned knees and palms turned upwards. Her eyes were closed, body rod straight as she inhaled and exhaled slowly. Connecting with her source, she’d said.
   “I don’t know. But it better.”
   “At least she’s trying.”
Gideon frowned and then looked at his brother. “Don’t be getting any ideas?”
“What do you mean?”
     He raised a skeptical brow and deepened his frown. “Don’t look at her like that.”
Faolan laughed. “You calling dibs now?”
    “You know what I fucking meant!”
“Sounds like you’re calling dibs to me. First of all, I’m a grown man with a perfectly functioning dick, okay? Secondly, I’m older than you. You’d better start remembering that before I kick your ass right back into the fourteenth century. Got it?”
     Gideon groaned and looked away. He needn’t Faolan’s trash talk right now. And he sure as hell wasn’t looking for an unnecessary row with him either. Faolan might be cool and laid-back but he knew well how to knock damn well how to floor a man with pretty much no effort. Besides, it would get him nowhere with finding his woman; with finding Esyth. He could feel his insides tightening, the revolting feeling he’d felt when she had disappeared from him. She had left with a piece of him that day…his heart, for at the moment and—if he wished to admit—that night, he had never been the lively free-spirited person he had once been. He’d become a lost man seeking comfort in within the deep warm folds of any and every woman he saw fit. It had become his way of coping. To deal with the crack in his soul and the dent in his life.
     A smile curved on his lips as his mind drifted to that day three years ago… That day she and he had arrived at the Hub for help to assist Hadaen back on the field. It was the hour he had confronted her about the broiling attraction between them:

She moved away from him, careful to get lost in the mingling crowd of villagers who were so busy welcoming her back home that they hadn’t realized the mars of battle sporting on their appearances. Curious eyes averted to him, searching politely and then returned to her.
   “Esyth,” a wrinkled old man said, his blue eyes anxious. “You’re back. We did not expect you back so soon.” He then looked at Gideon. “Who is…?” And then he frowned slightly before his eyes lit up like fireworks on The First’s Day. He fell to a quick bow. “Lord Gideon, I pray, is it you? I-I didn’t expect your arrival, Sir.” The crowd mumbled with awed expressions, each person now dropping to awkward bows and curtsies.
    Gideon sighed. He was tired as fuck and wanted two thick sandwiches and a beer. The old man could have saved the happy greetings for later, really. “Yeah, well I didn’t expect to face the Kankul soldiers—.” The crowd gasped. “—so soon but that’s how life goes, right? Spontaneity just blooms around us.”
      Esyth gave him a hard look and then nodded to the man. “Lord Joséah, Lord Hadaen needs your help. Send the man down the hill about two miles.”
“We’ve got it,” a tall robust man said, stepping forward and signaling to the male villagers around him. “Let’s go.”
     A dozen men quickly dissipated from the crowd and out of eye-shot. What was left of the crowd was a group of worrisome-looking female, a few younger lads and elderly people.
Elder Joséah swallowed visibly. “Come then, Lord Gideon,” he said, resting a hand on Esyth’s arm. “I believe we must get you two taken care of.”
    “Give us a few minutes, Elder,” Gideon replied, eyeing Esyth, piercing her with his hot glance. “I need to speak with Esyth.”
       The Elder nodded his understanding…flashed a knowing smile and then walked away, dispersing the reluctant crowd with him.
“What do you want?” she asked before he could say the first word.
Gideon grasped her by the arm and pulled her into the nearest tent he found, scanning the inside quickly for occupants. She hadn’t argued; she allowed him to pull her there and for that he was happy for at least. He certainly hadn’t the strength or patience to have to fight her over his shoulders like a sack of potatoes. He looked up to her face, her beautiful green drawing him into her world, stirring a hot and cold sensation with him. Gideon groaned slowly as his cock began to squirm in his pants. Hell, he was tired…and fucking horny! What the hell kind of combination is that?
      He smiled devilishly at her. “What I want?” He looked her over again and licked his lips slowly. “I want you. Isn’t that obvious? And since your hair as a mind of its own, I can tell it wants me too.”
      A crimson flush crawled up her smooth alabaster skin, the green glow around her hair darkening.
“You’re a fool.”
Her words cut straight through him like a knife. He was angry. How dare she call him a fool? He was Gideon Maruj. She had some nerve. In fact, she had too damned much! But somehow, the anger just coursed through his veins, never reaching his heart. He was surprised when he felt himself smiling even more.
“Well well well…” he drawled, stepping into her face, so close her hair fluttered against his face. “There’s nothing I like more than a woman who knows how to use her mouth.”
She gasped, shrugging away from him. “You must be the mad, I’m sure to think there could be something between us—.”

“Gideon!”
       The loud rumble of his brother’s voice followed by the rough tug on his shoulder dragged him from his reminiscence. Gideon turned startled eyes to Faolan who was starting towards the center of the room. Shaking himself for getting to caught up in his thoughts, he then gazed pass Faolan at Amanda of the Alexanders. His eyebrows rose high in surprise.
      The woman was now thrashing from side to side on the rug, eyes rolled so far back in her head, Gideon winced at the thought that they might just fall out. Her hair was now long spikes above her head as if she was hanging upside down. The expression on her face was that of torment and physical pain.
“What’s wrong?”
     “I don’t know.” He could hear the concern in Faolan’s voice. “Seems like she’s in some form of a trance.”
Gideon ran pass his brother and halted abruptly in front of her. “Damn, she looks like she’s going to go out cold.” The woman’s face was white as paste, her lips graying by the second.
“Wake her up then!”
      Gideon jumped to action immediately, lifting Amanda off the floor in one fierce movement. And he shook her…shook her so damn hard she might need organ relocation surgery after he was done. She fell limp in his arms, sweat dripping down her forehead. Then her eyes opened. Amanda stared at him for a long moment before she groaned painfully…throwing up all over his pants.
     “What the fuck could she have been feeling, man?” Faolan grumbled, taking her out of his brother’s arms. 
     Gideon heaved and pretended not to be minded by the vomit on his clothes. Just when he was about to open his mouth, she groaned again and sighed, staring him deep in the eyes before glancing timidly at Faolan, tears clogging her eyes. Her mouth shook when she spoke, the slow shower of pain falling down her face.
“She’s….dying,” she said.

















Chapter Seven

      He hadn't intended on going to that bar across the street from the small motel they had decided to spend the night at. He knew well enough that bars only hosted bare-chested women who could tempt a man to sin, hard-core liquor... and brawls just waiting to be initiated. Distractions. But he didn't care. Gideon needed a few answers and he'd appreciate it from anyone who'd be willing to share...or willing to be paid off. 
     Heading along the rough pavement, he made his way towards the narrow entrance and came face to face with a large boulder of a man, arms folded and regarding him with a nasty scowl. Gideon sighed and folded his arms as well, staring back at the man. 
    "Who might you be?" the man croaked out. 
"You can call me Mike," Gideon said, his expression plain. "Am I going in or not?"
     The man looked him over once and then clenched his jaws. "State your business."
Gideon chuckled. "It's a bar. I think the only business anyone would be interested in is downing a few shots and just killing time."
      The man grunted. "Don't be starting any fights," he warned. "And don't get physical with the ladies either." He stepped aside and cleared the entrance. "It's the policy around here."
       Nodding to the guard, Gideon stepped inside and headed straight for an empty table he had spotted immediately upon entering. It sat to the far right corner of the room; the most isolated space he had noticed and it suited him well. Walking towards the table, he could feel curious glares bearing down on him, piercing through his back and the sides of his head. Quite frankly he was used to the attention. He had been born in it. Surrounding him was the harsh drunken curses of men and giddy female giggles. Cigar smoke thinly fogged the air; the prime aroma of the room somewhere close to a mixture of bleach, tobacco and rum.
       As soon as he sat, Gideon felt more than saw a woman making her way over to his table. Pretending not to notice, he adjusted the flaps of his jacket and waited. The female cleared her throat daintily and he looked up. Long thick red hair spilled over her shoulders, thin tendrils falling around an oval face. Gideon's gaze moved over her slowly and along the very low neckline of her tight spaghetti-strapped blouse. A sly smile curved along his lips and she returned an inviting grin. 
    "Well, hello there, handsome," she drawled lowly, an empty tray in hand. "What can I get you?"
"How about two rounds of scotch and a conversation."
     Her smile deepened. "Sorry. I'm busy..." She chanced a surveying glance behind her and then leaned in close. "But I can spare you a few minutes in half hour or so."
"I'll be waiting." Gideon slouched in his seat, watching as she moved away slowly. 
     That trance Amanda of the Alexanders had been in deeply troubled him; so much he could feel the sinking feeling in his gut that Esyth might just be dying after all. And if that were the case, he would have failed her again. He would have failed the one woman he held close to his heart. But he refused to give up just yet. He was Gideon Maruj, a third of the Marujan Dynasty. It was far time he remembered that. He had the strength and power that only two persons knew the true intensity of. His brothers. And combined, he knew they could burn Deorci to char. They had all decided to keep Amelia out of it. She was The Daughter of Liberty but she was also not yet fully in control of her powers. Until then, they'd do the fighting... and the sacrificing if it were to come to that.
      Gideon shook his head, silently praying to The First that his woman would survive whatever harsh conditions she was under. And when he found her, Deorci and whoever else was responsible would suffer the wrath of the Marujan Dynasty. Gideon would make sure that he'd be the one to take the man's last breath. 
     A deep grunt to his right dragged Gideon from his thoughts. A tall man, maybe a few years younger, eyed him curiously, a ball cap too small for his head barely covering thick curly brown hair. The boy quickly turned away when Gideon returned the stare, preoccupying himself with his drink. Tapping into his mana discreetly, Gideon close his eyes to hide the red glow and searched the man's energy. He was not dangerous. A bit agitated, really as if he was out on a difficult purpose. Gideon turned to face him again. 
   "Who are you?"
The stranger looked up, wide-eyed and startled. "K-Kyle," he muttered, looking awkwardly around the room. "You?"
Gideon thought about the question thoroughly before answering. "Gideon. But you can call be Mike. Understand?"
     Kyle stared at him for a moment before nodding his head. "I understand." 
"Good. I have a couple questions for you...Kyle."
He sat up immediately, looking eager to spill. A bit too eager. "What's in it for me?"
Gideon chuckled deeply and reached into his pocket, withdrawing two gold coins. At the sight of them, Kyle's eyes widened and he leaned in a bit closer. 
    "Not yet. Two questions. Two coins." Gideon never moved his intense gaze from the younger man, studying his responses carefully. "Sit with me."
The man jumped up almost instantly, pulling out a chair directly in front of Gideon. "What do you want to know?"
"Tell me who Malakai Baamel is."
Kyle frowned but only cleared his throat. "He's our ruler. Was only a soldier until he overthrew our other ruler couple years ago." Mmmm. Just as Amanda had said. "As far as I know, everyone is happy about it. No one really liked Paldine anyway."
    "Go on."
He sighed, staring at the coins forlornly."It's said that Sir Baamel is not from around here. Said he just showed up one day three, maybe four years ago and joined with the soldiers. Some says he joined just to overthrow the man."
     Gideon nodded, allowing the information to sink in. If that were the case then this Malakai Baamel must have more to him than the people thought. No stranger could overthrow a long reigning ruler unless he had many friends alongside him...or he had some strange power to easily remove the previous ruler. As far as Gideon could see, Baamel was not a land of supernatural abilities so something was definitely strange about Malakai Baamel.
Sliding one of the coins across the table, he watched as Kyle quickly grabbed it up and tested it between his teeth and then dropped it inside his shirt pocket. The man grinned and rubbed his palms together. "What else do you want to know?"
     Gideon lowered his voice. "I'm looking for a man. Long blonde hair--almost white. About my height and built. Never walks alone."
Kyle frowned, deep in thought. Then he looked up abruptly. "Maybe. I don't know. I saw a man once who looked like that. But he was traveling alone."
     "How long ago was that?"
"Maybe two years or so… I don't know what he was about but he didn't stay long. Just passed through."
      Gideon nodded. Deorci. Feeling the anger stirring in his blood, Gideon breathed deeply and controlled himself. He looked over at the man waiting expectantly for the coin and sighed. It was best if he questioned someone else. No need to agitate the boy any further. Tossing the coin at him, Gideon sat up straight. "Thanks for the info. I'll—"
"FIRE!"
         A loud shout echoed throughout the room and everyone jumped to their feet, toppling tables and stirring mayhem. 
"There's a fire!" Kyle yelled above the noise. Gideon sniffed deeply, mana coursing rapidly through his veins as he tried to locate the source. He froze in his spot momentarily, all blood draining from his face. The motel. 
     He broke into a run immediately, brushing pass people, hoping they didn't notice just how fast he moved. When he reached the exit, people had already filled the streets, making it even more difficult for him to scan through. Across the street was the motel; swallowed by harsh flames and villagers attempting to extinguish its roaring intensity. Fear shook him as he tried to reach his brother mentally but there was no response. 
      Jasmine. The scent threaded faintly pass his face and he turned sharply to his right where persons were heading towards the woods. Gideon shoved them out of his way, moving as quickly as he could without drawing any unnecessary attention. Catching a glimpse of his brother's face, he moved readily in that direction. "Faolan?"
      Faolan turned, face black with ashes. In his arms was what appeared to be Amanda, unconscious. Gideon moved up to him and blew out a worried breath. 
"She'll be fine. The smoke knocked her out."
    "What happened?"
"What do you think?" Faolan grunted, avoiding the pushes and shoving of people. "Someone set that motel on fire. Whoever it was knew we were there. We have an enemy here, Gideon."
"Go!" he said. "Take Amanda and go. I'll catch up with you."
    Faolan's hand dropped down on his youngest brother's shoulder, stilling his movement. "Don't do anything stupid. I'm giving you two hours."
       Gideon nodded and headed in the opposite direction, back to the bar. When he arrived, the room was completely void of patrons, furniture scattered across the floor and broken glass crunching beneath his boots. Eyeing the area dubiously, he could feel the faint energy of danger. Of the enemy. His eyes flew wide open at the recognition and he spun around to meet the full force of a Kankul aura. Whoever it was, he was nearby. Very close. And Gideon felt his stomach churn with disgust. 
       Moving quickly towards the door, he peered outside as the final flames around the building died down. 
"What the--"
      Something blew pass him, the Kankul stench burning his nostrils. 
The last thing he saw was the glimpse of a broad object dashing before his face.....
.....and the hard force of metal smashing against his skull.




























Chapter Eight


       Cold water came splashing against his face, waking him from a deep and troubled sleep. Shaking the excess water from his face, Gideon coughed and opened his eyes to see two black boots in his direct field of vision. Attempting to stand, he shrugged furiously when he realized that his hands and feet were bound. The Kankul energy was heavy now, almost stifling as it made its way down around him. 
   "Get him up!" a deep voice came. 
Before he knew it, four strong hands grabbed him up and deposited him down on a chair. It was then that he saw the face of the man who had spoken; a rather strange but familiar face. 
   "Gideon Maruj..." he drawled. “What, may I ask, is your reason for being here?"
Gideon stared back, trying to remember where he had first seen that face. And then it dawned on him. It was that Kankul soldier back at The Hub that night. That soldier he had not noticed had gotten away. Anger threaded its way past his stomach and rose up in his throat like hot bile. 
       "I don't answer to you," he spat.
The other two men glanced at each other and Gideon sneered at all of them, his mana already burning through his binds. 
      "I'm no Kankul soldier," the man responded, his tone annoyed. "At least not anymore."
Gideon frowned, his intentions somewhat relaxing. "You expect me to believe that?"
"Yes." The man stepped closer now, staring down at him. "Deorci treated me like a boy. So I changed course and made a name for myself."
       Gideon looked away. "Release me then."
"I'm not stupid. Release you and you release your Marujan wrath on this land. I won't stand for it."
Gideon contemplated the man's words. He spoke with such purpose and authority as if he was...       Their eyes met briefly. "You're Malakai Baamel."
      The man smiled broadly. "Marujans were never known to be slow."
"How did you do it?"
      Malakai chuckled. "Simply. I discovered the man's secret and made it my advantage."
"Does Deorci know you're alive?"
"I doubt it. The bastard can rot in the deepest trenches of hell for all I care."
"Not before I'm the one to send him there."
       Malakai stared at him and inclined his head curiously. "Vengeance is one hell of a thing, isn't it?"
"I need to find him. He has something that belongs to me."
"Well, good luck with that," Malakai responded nonchalantly. "Wherever Doerci is, I'm sure he made it sure not to be found easily. Whatever he has for you will have to be forgotten."
"No!" Gideon shook in his chair, almost toppling the thing. "I must find Esyth."
"Esyth?" Malakai actually looked concerned, it surprised Gideon. He remembered that name. "And this Esyth woman is your..."
      "She's mine. And I must get to her before he kills her."
Malakai wove a dismissing hand to his men and as soon as they left, he pulled up a chair before him. "How do you know she's with Deorci?"
"I'm sure you can fucking remember that night at The Hub just as well as I can. She casted a spell to save Amelia from having to sacrifice herself."
"That was years ago. How do you know she's still alive?"
Gideon shook his head and laughed humorlessly. "You might not be a Kankul soldier anymore but it does run through your veins. It's even in the breath you breathe."
      "And if I could change my lineage, I would. But that is besides the point."
"The point is I cannot trust you."
    "And neither I, you." Malakai sat up straight and crossed his arms. "But we have a common enemy."
"A common enemy, we have. But nothing else."
      Malakai chuckled. "You're a smart man, Gideon Maruj, so I know you know where this conversation is leading."
Gideon's lips curled in a sneer and the veins at his temple popped out furiously. "I will not work with you."
"I am not asking to work with you. You could easily drain my life source just as fast as I could plunge a dagger into your life source." Malakai chuckled. "But I can make an offer."
      Gideon lifted his head. "I'm listening."
"I will help you find Deorci and your woman."
"Under what condition?"
"Give me his head."
Gideon stared at the man, studying the emotions surrounding his energy. It was very hard to tell his true intentions but it was very easy to conclude that Malakai's words bore the truth. "And then what?"
      "We go our separate ways."
     He studied the man hard and long. They were enemies of the Earth, long before they existed. Them working together was like a war of the worlds, it went against all he knew...disputed all Marujan laws. But it would help him gain his woman back... Finding Deorci would prove to be much easier and faster with Malakai Baamel's help. But he would have to watch his back nonetheless. For whatever happened in the end, they would always be enemies. 
      Gideon sighed. "Fine. But we go alone."
A smile touched Malakai's lips. "It's a deal." And he turned away in the direction of the door. 
"Aren't you going to release me?"
     Malakai turned the knob and chuckled deeply. "Humoring me already, Maruj?" he threw over his shoulder and walked out of the room. 
     Gideon chortled to himself, allowing the burnt ropes to fall from his hands, the ones tightly bound around his feet dropping in the same fashion. 

* * * 

Every effort to contact Faolan was unsuccessful. And it was pissing him off. 
       Gideon shrugged on his jacket and paced the empty room impatiently. He needed to let Faolan know about the change in their plan. But that seemed highly unlikely to happen. Either way, his departing with Malakai Baamel had to happen. They were to leave Baamel in a matter of minutes so he had no time to sit and wait. If he were to make contact with his brother again, it would have to be at some point during his journey. 
       Glancing down at his watch for the last time, Gideon frowned and pounded his fist repeatedly against the adjoining door. It opened and in walked Malakai, smoothing down the front of his leather cloak. 
"You're awfully impatient."
      Gideon snorted, wishing the man would just burn to ashes and blow the hell away. Damn, but he needed him. "It's time we left. I've got no more time to waste. Esyth's life is at stake and if you've got jokes, tell me so I can just leave you the fuck here from now."
Malakai shrugged. "No need to get sensitive." He then turned towards the door and eyed Gideon sharply. "We need to leave Baamel borders before sunrise."
"Why?"
"You'll see. On the way, I can try to locate Deorci's energy."
Gideon eyed the man one last time before he stepped over the threshold and exited the room. Both men moved down the empty corridor, an even space between them as they walked. Tension crackled between them but the satisfaction that they would make Deorci dead meat someday kept them from killing each other. There was a commotion in the central hall of Malakai Baamel's house. The fierce curses of men's voice filled the area, followed by heavy scuffling of feet and strained grunts. 
      "I SAID GET BACK."
"Let me go, man!" came a voice. Gideon knew that voice. Moving into the hall behind Malakai, his gaze came to settle on the man he had seen earlier in the bar, being restrained by one of the guards. Kyle was his name. Or at least that was what he remembered it to be.
     "What's going on here?" Malakai said, giving his guard a sharp look. 
"Sir, he just broke in here."
"No, I didn't. He just—"
     "Hush!" Gideon's voice sliced through the room like death itself, freezing every man in position. Even Malakai turned to look at him. Ignoring his angry glare, he approached the guard. "Let him go. He's with me."
      The guard released Kyle immediately, but not before he'd shot his ruler a hesitant glance. Kyle shrugged from the bigger man's grip. "See? I told you I know him." 
"What do you want?"
Kyle eyed the other two men timidly and then responded in a shy but even tone. "I got a message from your...your brother."
      Everything went still inside Gideon. Almost shoving the man aside, he scooted him toward the corner of the room. "Go on."
"He said to tell you that he's gone to walk his friend home. And you should go on. He'll catch up."
     Gideon smiled inwardly. That means Faolan had indeed felt his attempts at contact and read the energy around his signal. He was going to bring Amanda and the Alexanders home and then join him on his journey. Nodding his understanding, Gideon then quite audaciously dismissed both Kyle and the guard from the room.
     Malakai Baamel was on him before the door was even closed. Two firm hands shoved him hard across the room, slamming him into the adjacent wall. The room shook with as equal rage as the man had put into that hit. Gideon's anger spiked and the strength of his heightened mana stopped him sharply as he pivoted and ran towards Malakai in superhuman speed. Catching the Malakai by the neck, he slammed him up against the wall. It was no easy match for Malakai advanced on him with equal force, fisting Gideon hard in the stomach. Forcing back a wince, he inhaled sharply at the pain in his gut and looked up at his enemy, currently straining from the iron grip Gideon had around his neck. Both men pander heavily, watching each other like predators eyeing their prey.
      "You have some fucking nerve!" Malakai hissed. 
Gideon forced into a straight position, the pain in his abdomen easing. "What the hell are you talking about?" 
     Malakai slapped a firm hand over Gideon's, flexed his wrist and plucked his fingers from his neck. Rubbing his aching skin, he heaved and glared at him. "You should do well to remember that this isn't Maruj and you do not order a fucking soul here." He stepped into Gideon's space. "I do the dismissals...when necessary. Got it?"
     Letting out a sharp hiss between his teeth, Gideon turned from the man, adjusting his jacket. "It's time to leave."
"Hey!" Malakai shouted, halting him in his movement towards the front door. "I'm warning you, Maruj. Fuck with me and I'll fucking kill you."
Gideon laughed humorlessly. 
      "Well at least we're both on the same page."








Chapter Nine


       Sweat beaded at his temples as he regarded the man attentively. His mind was not where it was supposed to be...it was in some distant land. Baamel, he figured out after hours of mental searching. As far as he could tell, though, his brothers were at no harm. He could sense agitation and frustration around both their energies but they were fine. He needn't worry too much now.  
      Accepting the glass of brandy, Noble Rally handed him, Hadaen nodded his thanks and sat down on a comfy chair in the man's study. To say Hadaen was surprised by the nobleman's invitation to visit would be a serious understatement. He was appalled in fact, for he hadn't seen the man face-to-face in years. Not since his affair with his daughter, Sienna, had surfaced and Hadaen had washed his hands clean of the devious wench. But still, that had been many years ago and he held no grievances towards the Rally family, especially since Sienna had helped them tremendously back at The Hub with training Amelia...and fending off Deorci. Mind momentarily running on Amelia—and what she would be doing at the moment--Hadaen returned his attention to Noble Rally, who was relaxing rather awkwardly in a chair before him.
       "I must say you caught me off guard with the invite," Hadaen said, swirling his glass slowly.
Noble Rally chuckled and patted his rounded belly. "I thought it was...strange to never invite my ruler over for a drink. Don't you think?"
     "Precisely, so." He looked down at the dark liquid in his glass and then back at the man. "What's the occasion?"
"How is your wife, my lord?"
      "Lovely as always." Hadaen sipped his drink. "Good brandy." The older man nodded and closed his eyes for just a moment. Tension snapped between them as the silence stretched on for a couple minutes. Hadaen knew something was gravely bothering the man but suspected he did not know how to voice it. "I must say I have to say again just how great a help your daughter had been in The Hub."
      A dark emotion flickered across the man's features before he looked up and flashed a weak smile. "Thank you, my lord. Sienna has always been a...worldly one."
Hadaen read into the man's emotions...into his mind. Was that regret he saw? "I must ask though... You haven't seen your daughter in years; don't you want to see her at all?"
    "Of course." Noble Rally rubbed a palm over his balding head. He then looked up at Hadaen, a thin layer of tears glittering in his eyes. "I suppose you think I'm to blame? Mmm? It would not surprise me if you did. My wife blames me...every day." He then gave a wry laugh. "She says I killed our daughter. Her spirit, that is."
Hadaen swallowed down the rest of his beverage and sighed. "You sent her away. Mrs. Rally must have been--"
    "Sent her away?" Noble Rally sat up in his chair and frowned deeply, as if he was almost in pain. "I would have never sent Sienna away. Regardless of what you may think, my lord, I love my daughter. All of them."
    Hadaen felt as if he had just been speared right through the heart. I would have never sent Sienna away... No. It couldn't be. It didn't make sense. As far as Hadaen knew, Noble Rally had disowned his daughter. That was what Sienna had said. Everyone else too. He pierced the man with his gaze. "Are you trying to tell me that you never disowned your daughter?"
     "Of course, I did not." The man looked distraught. Hadaen bore into his thoughts...his memories. It was... He was speaking the truth. Sitting back slowly, Hadaen searched his own mind. Then how did Sienna arrive at The Hub? "I was devastated when I'd found out about your affair with my daughter,” the man continued. “I knew she'd only be a common whore to you...and it killed me inside. My wife...she has a sister who lives in land now called Baamel. She was a Protector who married a man from there. I'd made arrangements to send Sienna there for a year, maybe until the scandal cooled. I swear to you."
   The sweat at Hadaen's temples finally trickled down. He feared he would not like where this conversation was going at all. "Did she or did she not go to Baamel?" His blood boiled with every said word.
    The man shook his head. "My sister-in-law contacted us that she never showed up."
"Damn it!" Hadaen jumped to his feet, running a hand trough his hair. "Why didn't you inform me?"
"I was ashamed!" Noble Rally stood as well, his height almost equaling his ruler's. Then he blanched red as if embarrassed and sat back down. "The last thing I needed was to bring another scandal down on my family's head. My younger daughters would never have had their initiations if I had!"
     "You should have done something."
"I had. I searched for her. I did. Sent out men but they never found her. The last place I thought she'd be is The Hub."
     "We can't tell what Sienna had been exposed to while she was...all over the fucking place!" Hadaen spun from the man and blew out an exasperated breath. "You might want to sit down for what I'm about to tell you."
     Hands shaking, Noble Rally swallowed thickly and sank into his chair slowly. A deafening silence passed between them. Hadaen had known that something was wrong in Sienna's case. He just hadn't known what it was.
"When I was at The Hub three years ago, I had sensed something different in Sienna's energy."      He remained standing, arms crossed and regarding the nobleman with the most passive expression he could afford. "Something non-Marujan."
      Noble Rally frowned slightly. "What do you mean?"
Sighing, he decided to sit down. It was no use, anyway, making the man feel anymore intimidated than he already was. "There was an imbalance in her energy. Half-Marujan...and half-something else. I could figure it out at the time. Maybe I hadn't thought it to be possible. But now...now I'm certain."
      "My lord, is something wrong with my daughter?"
Hadaen massaged his temples and groaned lowly. It pained him to say it. He knew it would have. But he had to. "Noble Rally, your daughter may be Marujan but she has Kankul blood rushing through her veins as well."
      For a moment, the nobleman just sat there, eyes wide in disbelief. Hadaen took the time to pour himself…and the man another glass of brandy while he got over his moment of shock. If Sienna did indeed have Kankul blood running through her veins—and Hadaen was quite certain of that—then she can unknowingly be very dangerous. Especially in The Hub. What Hadaen could not figure was how Kankul blood had meshed with her own in the first place? It had took him a lot of time to even figure out what that bad energy around her had been…years, even. He had even considered the blood mixing and had come up with only two possible causes: a blood donation from a Kankul person to her…or a blood mating. He could not think of a reason for Sienna needing blood for if she had been in a near fatal situation, he would have read it in her memory three years ago. But the blood mating was possible. Too possible. It would mean that Sienna had completed her true initiation with a Kankul man….a man that she was in love with, and he in love with her.
      The thought of it deeply disturbed Hadaen; to the point where he wanted to go find Sienna himself and crucify her for breaking one of Maruj’s greatest laws. But he wouldn’t. The last thing he needed was to scare her in the opposite direction before he got her back to Maruj…and allowed the priests to purge her.
    The scraping of the chair drew Hadaen from dense thinking. He watched Noble Rally pace the room slowly before turning a blistering gaze on him. “I suggest we go find my daughter.”





















Chapter Ten


      Crouched in position behind the trunk of a thick tree, Gideon slowly scanned the surrounding area. He could see the early colors of dusk stretching their way across the thinly clouded sky. Malakai Baamel had made it clear on multiple occasions that they were to be completely alert in the tiny strip of woodland at the northern border. Although the mystery within the man's tone had caused Gideon a bit of skepticism, he had also chosen to ignore him and focus instead on contacting Faolan. His brother's response had been reassuring...however it did seem Faolan would not be joining him anytime soon. Of course, Gideon had left out the detail of him traveling with the Kankul soldier...or else he was sure his brother would have reached him immediately. 
      Glancing to his left, he shot a withering look at Malakai before following the man's gaze to the current interest of both their thoughts: the tiny strip of woodland. 
"Have you gotten anything yet?" Gideon asked in a low voice. 
"No. I can't seem to make contact with Deorci's energy at all. It would seem he's quite some distance away." Malakai then blew out a whistle. "He's done a good job at covering his ass... For now.”
    "So what now? Sunrise is a good couple hours away. I do remember you mentioning—"
"Yeah, yeah. I remember," he gave, tone thoroughly mocking. "Right now, we move forward--and only forward--through the woods. Speed would be a good suggestion as well."
Gideon raised a skeptical brow. "Why forward?" 
Malakai cracked a devilish grin. "It's procedure."
       Moving into a small walk, Gideon pierced the man with his glare, confident he had not missed the fury in his eyes. "Don't be trying anything stupid, Kankul."
Swiftly gathering back his wits, Gideon scanned the entrance to the woodland one more time before breaking into the dense cave of trees. It was quiet. Too quiet, as a matter of a fact. He could feel Malakai's energy bearing down on his back like a burden. Fear was not an emotion that was bred in the hearts of Marujan nobility. Whoever acquired it, did so on their own. What he felt at the moment was not fear at all but the urge to defend himself against some unknown being. An unknown being that seemed rather close. 
       "What exactly are in these woods?" His gaze moved around calmly, trying to locate the beginning of any possible attack.
"Maybe a couple wild cats but they aren't prevalent this time of year. What you should be worried about are a traps set by the Vahlsing rebels."
"Who?" Gideon spun around to face him, his eyes blazing with anger. He'd thought the man would have disclosed such information before he'd entered the damn woods. But he quickly reminded himself that Malakai Baamel was no friend. 
"The Vahlsing rebels," he answered in a dull and almost bored tone. "You might want to look out for them as well." 
      To say he was angry was the lowest of understatements in Gideon's regard. He was mad, blood already boiling and heated fumes of fury emanating from his body. For a brief moment, he pictured himself snapping Malakai's neck like a toothpick and then thoroughly enjoying his plan of feeding him to the previously mentioned wildcats!! But he was not that cool. In fact, he felt nobly hot-headed, his mana peaking as he slammed himself into his enemy, knocking Malakai straight into the trunk of a nearby tree. 
     The ground vibrated for a few seconds, birds on their nighttime perches scattering across the slowly brightening sky. But the anger burning within him didn't do much else but haze his vision for a while, distracting him from the jaw-breaking punch Malakai delivered only a couple seconds later. Damn, if it weren't for his ability to heal himself almost instantly, that blow would have done some serious damage. But serious damage was what he had intended on doing.....until an arrow came out of nowhere, piercing through his arm and successfully sending him off balance. 
     Catching a glance at the smirk on Malakai's face, Gideon yanked the weapon harshly from his flesh. But when he attempted at deforming that smug look with a sharp slam of his fist, he only sensed all feeling dissolving from his arm....and not long after, his entire body. The last thing he saw before succumbing to unconsciousness was the approach of several booted legs.....and the hem of a silvery dress. 

* * * 


      Soft feathery light kisses brushed across his jaw, tickling the side of his neck and inching lower...much lower. The gentle caress woke him gently, eyes blinking open slowly. For a brief moment, he saw the blurry appearance of a slender blonde bent over him. Blinking fiercely now, Gideon groaned deeply, "Esyth?"
And then his vision cleared crystal, disappointing his hope. Whoever this woman was, she was not Esyth. Beautiful, she was. But no one could replace the woman who had made him feel like such a love sick fool....and called him just that too. 
     "Is that her name?" the strange woman asked, a smile spreading across an alabaster face. "You've been muttering for some woman in your sleep?"
     Ignoring the woman now, Gideon looked around to see that he was housed in a small cosy bedroom, lowly lit by a burning lamp. "Where am I?"
Slightly frowning, she eased off the bed, standing akimbo and glaring down at him. "Well... A thank you would sound more welcoming. You're lucky Daddy hadn't had you killed for trespassing."
    Staring at her for a long thoughtful moment, Gideon cracked his signature smile. "Ah. The Vahlsing rebels. Well, do pass on my sincerest gratitude to your 'Daddy'," he said in a sarcastic voice. "As for now, I must excuse myself. I must be on my way."
    She actually looked shocked. "You can't. Your friend requested you get enough rest to gather your senses. "
"That man is no friend of mine!" Blast it! How could he have forgotten about Malakai Baamel?    Gideon was then convinced the man had set him up in the woods. 
    She fanned a dismissing hand at him. "Oh, well either way you can't leave just yet." Her bright hazel eyes glittered with mischief. "I personally do not know the man but he does appear to be a good friend of Daddy's." Now she jumped back on to the bed, an eager smile plastered on her face. "But neither of that matters! I was promised a night with you."
     "What?" Gideon could feel the vein popping in his forehead. The chit must be crazy! Looking her over swiftly, he swallowed down the urge to give into his impulses. The soft swells of her breasts straining lusciously against the sheer of a white nightgown that was not making his decision any easier to make as it only ended mid-thigh, revealing creamy firm thighs desperate for his touch. Lifting his gaze to her face, her cheeks blushed hotly, knowing, all too well, his intentions. But what was she? Seventeen? He was surprised her father would have promised his own daughter a night with a complete stranger. A voice in his head told him to reject the girl's invitation but he had done well with ignoring his conscience over the years. 
      "Well, are you just going to stand there and stare at me all night...or are you going to do something?"
     She was a mouthy one, Gideon had quickly gathered. So, he decided he had better give her what she wanted before she drove him to utter madness. At least, he'd enjoy teaching her the lesson. 
Knitting his fingers beneath his head above the soft pillows, Gideon regarded her amusedly and sighed deeply. "I'm entirely at your expense, sweetheart."
     For a moment, she looked surprised and she just stood there staring down at him with wide cat eyes. Gideon took the time to study her deeply for a while. Again...he could not leave out the fact that she was beautiful; a dainty oval face, small plump lips and straight waist-long hair to best keep a man's company. Hell, she was the best definition of a wood minx, and for the time he decided to remove his thoughts from Esyth—however hard it was and he could not understand why—and revel in the temptress' advances. He had to try. 
    "Well, don't you at least want to know my name?"
"Not if you don't think it's important..."
    A slow smile spread across her lips and within the next second she jumped on the bed again, gaze flickering over his sheet-covered body. She then flashed a glance behind her at the door and then giggled nervously. "We don't have all night, you know," she murmured, hands yanking giddily at sheets and clothes until Gideon was stripped of all. The girl then nudged him on his now healed right arm. "I heard Daddy mentioning that you were 'a man with extraordinary abilities'," she chuckled, licking her lips as she stared down at his already hardening manhood. "I don't know what he means...but I sure hope it has something to do with this." And she ran a finger along the length of his cock. 
    Gideon sucked in a breath and pinned her with a fiery glare, the mana coursing through his veins heightening...and his eyes flooding red. He then grabbed her before she could let out the expected scream, slammed a palm over her mouth and held her down against the bed with his weight. "You're playing with fire, Mia."
    A small slender hand reached up and gently withdrew his hand. Strangely, Gideon abided. Mia smiled. "So you do know my name?"
"You talk a lot for someone who's eager to be fucked."
"And you waste a lot of time for someone who's eager to...fuck."
    He needn't more invitation than that. Reaching a hand between them, Gideon grasped the waist of very thin panties and ripped them apart. Never breaking eye contact with the sex-craved vixen, he then grabbed one leg, eased it over his shoulder and pressed her even further into the mattress. Mia released a shallow gasp...her eyes swimming in desire...as he plunged hot and deep inside her. 
"Damn, you feel good!" Gideon released a deep groan as he withdrew slowly and then slammed hard inside her again.
   Watery half-closed eyes stared up at him as he satisfied his lusting. And then she smiled and Gideon found himself with the undying urge to make those welled up tears fall. He didn't know why—and perhaps it was selfish of him--but he wanted to. Maybe he'd been wrong about trying to forget about the circumstances surrounding Esyth, and the pain igniting in his soul at the moment only sprung to anger. The nearest victim was Mia...and he decided full-on to find quick release. 
     The rate of his thrusts increased, the force accompanied with them heightening. Mia's soft moans now came out in breathy squeals and whimpers, but the guilt he knew he should have felt never came. Gideon sucked in a sharp breath, withdrawing his cock right to the tip and then thrust deep once again. This time her scream rang out loud and clear in his ears, salty moisture sliding over her cheeks. For a moment, he elevated himself up on his palms and stared down at her. She was a victim...purely innocent of this punishment but he didn't care. Esyth was somewhere out there...and damn it, he would find her. 
      The second he rolled off Mia, the door came busting in and in walked a large muscular fellow in leather who yelled, "Get your stinking hands off her!" .....and Malakai Baamel. 
     Frankly, Gideon didn't give a damn about the man. If he wanted to fight, he surely would oblige. What he did care about, however, was the smirk on Malakai's face and the pain sketched across the girl's features. 
     The man then averted his dark glare to his daughter and shouted, "Get out of here, Mia!"
Casting Gideon a swift glance, she grabbed up the sheets around her and immediately scurried from the room. She hadn't look at all terrified.....just embarrassed. Malakai took the honors of sliding the bolt on the door and then taking his seat on a stool nearby. 
    Rolling his eyes and cursing lowly, Gideon eased off the bed and yanked on his jeans. It wasn't until a grin split through the tense air—and he was zipping up his pants—that he turned around.       The man came towards him chuckling and holding out a hand. "You don't scare easily, do you boy?" 
     Gideon just looked at the man and then regarded Malakai. "You set me up."
"You wound me, Maruj," Malakai chortled.
      "I'll take pleasure in ripping your guts out and feeding them to you, you fucking asshole."
Malakai chuckled and got to his feet. "As much as that sounds wonderful...I don't think you will." He stepped forward and dropped a hand on the other man's shoulder. "This is Abel Macintosh...and he's got some information you'd be very interested in."
     Gideon stared at the man. Abel Macintosh. He knew that name. He knew it all too well. He'd heard tales of the man since he was a boy, tales that had on many a nights served as the flame to countless nightmares. But now that they were standing face to face, Gideon was somewhat bewildered. Abel Macintosh did not appear as foreboding as he had thought he would. Yes, he was a huge muscular man. But his countenance was neither that of a man who had fought many battles...or singlehandedly slain hundreds of men. Instead, his features represented a man who had abandoned all that; a man who had become a slave to family life. 
      He certainly did not look like the man who, centuries ago, had once fought alongside Deorci. 
   

























Chapter Eleven


           Reluctantly refusing a shot of whiskey, Gideon leaned forward, waiting. Directly ahead of him sat Abel Macintosh, the infamous madman-turned-daddy gulping down his own drink and kindly taking Gideon's previously refused glass as well. At the far end of the room, Malakai stood firmly in an audacious manner as if he owned the damn place. The mere presence of the two men both disgusted and angered him beyond belief. They were enemies...heartless monsters who had aided in the destruction of his people. The fact that Gideon found himself relying on them represented the total irony of the situation...and just how fucked up all moral behavior, he had learnt as a boy, actually was. 
     "What is the valuable information that you have?" Gideon said, eyeing both men, and staying alert for any unexpected attack. 
      Abel shot a sideway glance at Malakai and then averted his gaze to Gideon. The expression he wore was completely passive. "I hear you've faced Deorci twice in your lifetime."
"Twice too many. Third time won't be a charm. Not for him anyway..."
"So revenge drives you?"
     Gideon scowled deeply. "That and the sweet stench of Kankul bloodshed."
"I see." Abel returned a knowing glance to Makakai and sighed. "Then I won't waste any time trying to heighten your opinion of me. Let's get right to it, shall we?"
    "Gladly."
"Then I hope you don't feign surprise when I say your girl might just be dead."
     For a moment, they just sat there staring at each other; Abel's eyes calm and unwavering, and Gideon's stormy and narrowed. Malakai turned his back--oddly finding sudden interest in the tiny ceramic carvings sitting on a wooden mantelpiece. 
"I don't believe that."
    Abel leaned back in the cushioned chair, eyes now serious. "I left Deorci many centuries ago...shortly after that attack. You know—"
"You insult me by thinking I'd ever forget!" Gideon spat, the memories of the day returning all too quickly. The heartache, he could never forget; and his losses, immeasurable...and the unjust bloodshed of his people leaving a scar on his soul for eternity. 
     The man cleared his throat, eyes closing for just a couple seconds before he continued. "Well... After that battle, we had withdrawn home, some of us with stolen women. Your women." Gideon growled at his words. "Anyways, a good fortnight or so later, Deorci had become somewhat distant and I'd found the reason to his weirdness in the hands of a woman. She had been hidden off in his chambers."
     Gideon leaned forward, his attention now thoroughly gained. Hearing of Deorci's attraction to a woman was no diamond discovery. But what woman could possibly have managed to bring the devil himself out of his dark comfort zone?
"Who?"
     "At first glimpse, I'd known instantly she wasn't one of us. But I'd introduced myself one night long after supper...just to confirm it."
Gideon waited patiently. Somehow he knew what Abel Macintosh was about to say but was afraid of the response anyway. He hoped the man would prove him wrong. "What is it?"
"She was Marujan. A willing Marujan..."
     Frowning, Gideon got to his feet and paced the room slowly. A willing Marujan woman in the hands of the Kankul ruler? Not only was the revelation alarming...but it was incredulous as well. He could not—not ever—see the logical romantic joining of a Marujan and Kankul! It was simply despicable and unheard of. Well, until now. Turning back to face Abel Macintosh, he swallowed deeply and asked, "What did she look like?"
     Abel stood as well and poured himself a glass of whiskey. "All I can say is the wench was a darn pretty one. Didn't look much different from the others." He took a large gulp. "But she did have the mane of a blazing wild filly."
    "How so?"
Abel glanced at Malakai, who was now moving forward. "Long thick hair. The reddest I'd ever seen."
   Something stilled within Gideon. He knew many Marujan redheads. Hell, they weren't that scarce back at the kingdom. But none of them with hair as red as... "Sienna…" he muttered to himself. 
"Who?" This time it was Malakai who spoke. 
    Gideon turned from the men a while, trying to gather his thoughts. Sienna. He could not believe it but it was...believable. As far as he knew, Sienna had been disowned by her father and left Maruj just a few weeks before the Kankul attack. Who knows what she had done in those many days. But something still was not adding up. For all he knew, Sienna had already been in the Hub by that time. Still frowning, he turned to face Abel again. "Are you sure about the description?"
The man arced a sarcastic brow at him. "I'm not losing my memory, if that's what you're asking."
Letting out a deep breath, Gideon eyed Malakai. "You must have seen her that night at the Hub."
"That may be... But it also could be someone else."
He shook his head, pinching his nose absently. "No. It's her. I know it." Then his mind wandered a bit, his thoughts gathering into a web-like fog. And then it cleared. Gideon's head flew up immediately, gaze colliding with Malakai's. "She has motive."
    "I'm listening."
Gideon stared blankly into space for a while and then retook his seat. Abel sat as well, leaving Malakai in his stance. 
"Her affair with my brother had just been revealed. She was angry. She was disowned by her father." Gideon looked up. "Maybe her anger had blinded her judgment. She could easily have plotted against my people with Deorci." For a moment, he just sat there staring at his hands, bewildered. And then the severity of his words came dawning on him. Jumping to his feet, he ran an agitated hand through his hair. "It would have been the perfect plan... Damn it!"
    "We need to find that girl, then," Malakai said, nodding at Abel.
     The other man stood and inhaled deeply. "Somehow, I feel she could lead you to your...woman."
Nodding briskly, Gideon ran his hand through his hair again and sighed. He could feel every vein in his forehead constricting, the blood rushing to his head in a wave of heated tension. He still could not fully grip the details of the newly gained information. All he knew was that he might just be getting incredibly closer to finding Esyth...and he would do any and every thing in his power to do so. His gaze flickered over Abel and Malakai once more, his eyes demonstrating a grey whirlpool of anticipation, curiosity and plain sadness. Trying to ease the emotion away, especially since he was standing before two men who had the potential to carve out his heart and serve on a platter in just a second, he swiftly brought back up his guard. Good information or no, he'd fight till the end if either of them tried anything.
      "Why'd you leave him?" he asked.
Abel looked up swiftly to meet Gideon's gaze. The man was looking at Malakai but he knew the words were meant for him. Why had he left Deorci's regime? Hell, he'd never placed much thought into it but he knew he should have since he had been the devil's first right-hand man. But that had been centuries ago...and in the years that had passed by he had tried everything to forget the man. To forget that one wicked day. 
       Abel turned his back to both men, the taut muscles in his back rippling beneath a thick sleeveless vest, and across the bulge of his biceps. 
"He ruined my sister," he finally said in a voice that was so strained, so raw it almost didn't sound like his own. Back still turned, he continued, "She was an innocent virgin... And he turned her into one of his whores." Gideon heard the sharp intake of breath just a second before Abel spun around, baring eyes of poorly disguised pain. "I was a fool then. But a fool who believed in protecting my family. Katarina had been my only sibling. She was all I had. I was mad!" He spat fiercely. "Sickened that the fucker had dared touch her! We were like brothers and he had sworn to leave her be... But those were the days I last used a man's word to vouch for his intentions." 
There was a brief silence. Gideon stared deep into the stormy eyes of the man, reading into his pain and anger. Then his gaze moved over to Malakai who stood impossibly erect, a muscle ticking in his jaw. 
     "So what happened?" Gideon wanted to know. 
Abel let out a weak laugh. "I challenged the bastard."
Malakai's head spun on his shoulders, subtle shock blazing in his eyes as he regarded Abel. And his voice didn't sound any less shocked, "You what?"
    Gideon was actually impressed. For a man to challenge his leader--one such as Deorci--however close a friendship they had, required some damn serious balls. 
Abel picked up the whiskey bottle this time....staring at the mouth of it for a moment before putting it back down on the table with a harsh sigh. "Yeah. And I lost... I grabbed my sister and we left. Who knows why he ever let us go." Abel shook his head forlornly. "The journey hadn't sat well with her. He'd been feeding off her energy... K-Katarina hadn't lasted three days. She died in my arms. The last thing she said was, ‘Elahk consè basterde se’."
"'Kill the bastard.'," came Malakai Baamel's sharp voice. 
Abel released a deep harsh grunt, looked to the heavens with tear-stained eyes and then released a shuddering breath. 
     Gideon found all the current events quite fascinating. Yes, Abel Macintosh and he were enemies but he did feel for the man. Loss of a family member, a loved one was indeed something he could show empathy for. But Gideon stood where he was, staring at the man until he looked his direction again. "And what stopped you?"
Abel passed glances with a curious-eyed Malakai. Retrieving the bottle of whiskey from the table again, he swallowed down a mouthful of the intense liquid and chuckled dryly. 
"What stopped you?"





























Chapter Twelve


      "You sure you don't want any of my men to accompany you?"
Gideon stared down at Abel Macintosh's hand, kindly extended towards him in a peaceful manner. 
     "No."
Seeing the uneasiness in the other man's eyes, Abel pulled back his hand and cracked a devilish smile. "How about a woman then?"
      Behind Abel's head, Gideon could see the top of a familiar blonde and cursed lowly. His eyes then clashed with the ex-Kankul soldier's again. "What man offers up his daughter to a strange man? An enemy, at that?"
      He received a deep rumble of a laugh as the response. "I have no enemies, Maruj. Whatever I've done in the past, I've put it behind me. I hate only one man and I so hope you slaughter him when you find him." A dangerous glint crossed his eyes...then slowly disappeared. "As for Mia, whatever gave you reason to believe she is my daughter?"
      Behind Abel, Gideon could see the rest of his small group, comprised of eight men the least and six women going about what seemed to be their regular chores. Mia stood, leaned against the wooden wall of the dwelling he'd occupied the night before, dressed not in a silk dress, but brown leather pants with boots and a matching thick vest. Gone was the vulnerable vixen, there was a woman who obviously knew her way around a battlefield. Gideon shook his head and tried not to show the saucy grin now forming on his lips. He had been duped. "Who is she to you?"
Abel followed his gaze for just a moment and chuckled. "She's one of my best fighters. A rebel straight down to the core. Her greatest talent is with the dagger. Can throw three in two seconds flat."
     "That's fast," Gideon whistled, impressed. For a mortal. He then looked Abel straight in the eye. "Does she know who you are?"
"Everyone here knows who I am, Maruj. And if you're trying to ask if I still use my Kankul...abilities, the answer is yes. Only to defend my group and myself. Like I've told you last night, this is not my fight. Else I'd gladly help you track down that fucker whether you liked it or not."
       Releasing a small grunt, Gideon nodded in Mia's direction. "One of your best, you say?"
"You got it. She's swift too. Give her any weapon and she'll gladly use it like an expert."
"Well....regardless, I'm going to have to decline your—" 
      A silver glint came out of nowhere, slicing through the air so fast, it took him a full moment to notice the dagger coming towards him and between his legs. Something cold brushed against his crotch...and soon after, he could feel the cool kisses of the air across his sensitive flesh. A couple group members let out impressed whistles and it was then that Gideon turned his head towards the dwelling. She was gone. In fact, she was only a couple meters from him now, small pink lips twitching with amusement. 
Anger sparked through him like a lightning bolt and before he knew it, he was advancing on the girl. 
Out of nowhere, Malakai came dashing forward, blocking his view and obviously amused as well. "Easy there, Maruj. Let's just give this one a slap on the back and get going, shall we?"
    Growling deeply, he gave Mia one last glance and then spun on his heels. "Let's get the fuck out of here before I kill somebody!"
Malakai chuckled, purposely taunting him. "You should be glad she missed."
    Behind both of them, the girl chuckled deeply. Pure vixen. She then ran pass them to withdraw her dagger from a nearby tree trunk. Wiping the blade quickly, she then tucked it safely inside her belt. 
    "Sorry to disappoint you boys...but I never miss. Well, only on purpose."


* * * 

     A wide deserted plain of rocky, rugged landscape kept him walking nearly to insanity for three long days. If it were him alone—and Malakai Baamel wasn't so bad either—Gideon would have covered the entire land in only one. Only The First knew why he had decided to bring the girl along with him at the last second. Perhaps it was because he had been so impressed with her almost slicing off his balls. Why he was impressed, only The First knew that too. 
     "We've got at least five more miles to cover before we reach another village," Mia mentioned, using a hand to shade her eyes from the late afternoon's sun's glare. She could see the tops of buildings now. "And we have to do it while the sun shines!"
    "I really hate to spell it out for you, missus," Malakai drawled in an irritable tone. "But if it weren't for you, we'd be long gone by now."
She gave both of them a hard glance and folded her arms. "If that's how you feel...then go ahead."
       Gideon's lips quirked into a twisted grin. "Are you sure you'd want to be walking around here alone?" he taunted, giving her a quick upward glance. "Being all...female?"
Pivoting swiftly on one foot, Mia turned blazing eyes on him, one slender hand resting slightly above a well-placed dagger in the waistband of her trousers. "In case you've forgotten how sweet cold metal feels against your balls, I'd be more than willing to teach you one last time!"
    Gideon arced one dark brow at her, a smile curving on his lips. So she wanted to play that game, did she? "Says the woman who begged her way into my bed last night."
The resentment in her eyes never went. Instead, she only stepped closer into his space, her tiny nose flaring with hot anger. "I did fool you, didn't I?" Her gaze swept his body slowly, lingering only briefly on the impressive bulge in his pants. "I've had better."
      A deep grin came from Malakai and Gideon glowered, annoyed. Shaking his head, he then moved around the hot-tongued woman and walked on ahead. It really served no purpose taunting her any further or ending up doing anything he might regret. What he should be thinking about was finding Esyth. He could not understand why he constantly had to keep reminding himself when he knew the feelings he had for her weren’t simple lusting. He actually loved her, though his hard head often tried to tell him otherwise. He had noticed his attraction to her from that very first night in Amelia's apartment; when he had been restraining her, a sweet slender body squeezing tightly against his front. The sensations had been a mixture of heaven and hell. Sweet torture. And he hadn't taken his eyes off her from that point.
       He'd noticed he'd been falling for her not very long after. Perhaps hours, which were like years to him, for such feelings had never happened to him before. The emotion had slammed into him like a force.....waking him from a cold dream of tiresome and meaningless lust which confused him even more. Why was he constantly being distracted from his purpose? Why was his aim to finding Esyth being removed from his mind so erratically...so often? Something was wrong. 
      Breathing deeply, Gideon inhaled the harsh sharpness of the dusty air. A thick cloud had now moved in to offer temporary shade against the sun. He wondered what destroyed the land so; dry rocky soils, no form of vegetation in sight. Digging the toe of one boot into the soil, he was surprised to find soft ground. Much softer ground than what he'd been walking on for the entire time. Stooping lowly, he brushed away the soil, his scowl deepening when the earth gave way....and sinking, swallowing appallingly into what appeared to be a well-formed trap at least ten feet deep and half filled with water; certainly to drown any unaware trespasser. That was if the land was really owned by anyone...or someone looking to catch someone. 
      "What the fuck?" Malakai cursed. "There could be dozens of those scattered all over the fucking place!"
     Mia stood where she was, now alert and gazing suspiciously around. "I've never seen any like it before. We've scoured this land many times before and I can assure you that these weren't here."
Rising to his feet, Gideon breathed in deeply. "How long ago was the last time?"
She scratched her forehead. "A month the most."
     "So they're new," Malakai groaned, staring down into the dark water. "These aren't any normal traps," Gideon remarked, stooping once again and inhaling. Every muscle inside him tensed. Incense. Then he shrunk back as if he'd been punched in the face, jumping to his feet, eyes blazing a brutal red, and grabbing Malakai by the collars. "Those are fucking Kankul holes!"
    "Easy, Maruj," Malakai said, calmly. "I had nothing to do with this."
"We're wasting time arguing over this. We could be surrounded and we don't even know it!" Mia's hushed scream came echoing around them.
Gideon ignored her. "Don't bullshit me! I will rip you to fucking pieces right now. We both know it's your people who use incense. It's what Deorci had used to weaken my father right before he killed him!" 
    Malakai shrugged him off and shoved him aside. "Oh shut the fuck up! If I wanted to kill you, I could have days ago. I only have one desire...and that's Deorci's head. Whoever made that trap, Kankul or not, obviously knows you're out here."
       Gideon felt the unbearable urge to hit something...or someone. His mind was uneasy, his emotions running in an erratic pattern, shooting in all directions. "Shit!" Running a quick mental note to contact Hadaen, he then took a swift calming breath and turned to Mia. "Walk carefully and test the ground ahead before you go on." 
     She mumbled a curse and rolled her eyes, irritably. But Gideon could see the worry within their depths. "Yeah, I know how to avoid traps like these, alright? No need to babysit me." 
Feeling Malakai's intense presence behind him, Gideon turned to give the man a once over, and saying in clipped tones, "I might need your help in locating Deorci but that's all I need. I don't need to trust you. I'll fucking kill you if I have to." 
      Malakai remained in position, aware of the Marujan's threat. He didn't care really for Gideon's welfare. What he cared for was having Deorci's head on a platter so that he could stare at it every day and finally feel fulfilled. That's what he needed. But he couldn't help the sly smile that curled on his lips. "You keep making all these death threats, Maruj, but you fail to see that I'm a man who really doesn't give a fuck about dying. Even if I take my last breath a second after I see Deorci dead, I can assure you that I'd die a happy man." He watched while Gideon slowly turned to face him fully, catching a glimpse of the defensive look in Mia's eyes. Odd girl, that one was. She could jump one ship for another in a heartbeat. "But what about you? What would you do if you don't find your woman after all this?" 
     Gideon breathed fury. "I will find her!" 
"But what if you don't?" Malakai met his gaze with just as much intensity, the tension between them just as hot as the raw hatred they really felt for each other. "What if she's already—" 
     "Don't you say it!" Gideon snarled at him, almost barking in his face. They were only a couple inches from each other now. "Don't you fucking dare say it! Or I swear I will rip your throat out right here and now!" 
     Malakai never backed down. Instead, his fists clenched and unclenched tightly at his sides, his eyes blazing with the intent to kill. 
It wasn't until Mia's harsh gasp sliced through the silence, that Gideon looked away, glancing at her with a frown but never moving. Her eyes widened to saucers and it was then that he fully registered her terror and turned to follow her gaze. 
      A tornado of sand came rushing towards them, a good five hundred meters away. He narrowed his gaze to notice a group of men charging soundlessly ahead but he didn't miss their forms; the agile leap of their legs, the dark suits they wore....and the long slithering tattoo sketched on the arm of one of the men. Gideon's shock lasted only a couple seconds before he widened his stance and prepared himself to attack, his mana soaring through him like a warm dose of brandy. Through the corner of his eye, he could see the horror on Mia's face before she visibly took in a huge breath and drew her two swords from the latch at her back.
     Malakai only smirked and folded his arms. "Well, this one doesn't come as a surprise," he drawled in a bored tone. "I can count ten of them. It'll be easier than taking candy from a Marujan baby."
     Gideon cast him a nasty glare and said swiftly to Mia. "Stay in sight at all times." 
    "I know how to handle myself, Maruj." Her voice now rose above the roar of wind and sand, and the roar of the charging men. 
       But for Gideon, time stood still. It had been three years since he'd killed a man. And he'd do it all again now for Esyth's sake. For his sake. 
His eyes flooded deep crimson, the red glow surrounding him in only an instant. Inhaling deeply, he sent a silent prayer to The First for strength and then searched his soul for his most treasured memory of Esyth; her lying in his arms that last night before Deorci had attacked the Hub. 
       And he got all the strength he needed.































Chapter Thirteen

      
       All three stood still, maintaining their positions as the Kankul soldiers surged towards them and the tornado dissolved in a swish just seventy-five meters away. But the men urged on, shouts of battle echoing around. Gideon counted mentally with every meter they advanced. Anticipation and anger were his fuels, his mana crackling with delight. 
         But at forty-five meters, one soldier advanced before the others and then drew to an abrupt halt, stopping the others in their paths. The man held a hand out behind him, warning his men not to move. Then he cocked his head to the side, his narrowed gaze moving past Gideon. They could hear his chuckle. 
"Well well well... If it isn't Malakai Baamel. Last time I heard, you were dead." 
      "Just as dead as you are, Nathaal. What brings you to this side, I wonder?"
Nathaal smirked, his gaze shifting to the woman and then to Gideon. "And if it isn't His Royal Highness, himself. I seem to be caught between the urge to bow or falling to my knees." 
The sarcasm in the man's tone did infuriate Gideon but the effect never showed. So when he responded, his voice was cool and collected. "I seem to find great preference with the second option because on your knees you will be when I rip your guts out and hand-deliver them to your beloved Deorci." 
       Nathaal stood perfectly still, a vein bulging at his left temple. The soldiers behind him shot awkward glances at each other. Then he opened his mouth and spoke. "I'm afraid you and your little posse you have here will not be making it any further. Your journey ends here." 
     Gideon smiled slowly, his right cheek dimpling. "Well then try and stop me."
      Nathaal's nostrils flared hotly as he eyed his three opponents. One was a traitor, a man once trusted by his leader and fellow soldiers; another was a rebel follower, a woman he knew he could easily add to his conquests; and then there was Gideon Maruj himself. A third of the Marujan dynasty. A man whose ability, as he knew, outranked his own in more ways than he could think of. Yes, he felt a twinge of anxiety in his gut which was why he gripped his sword even tighter. He could not return to Deorci a loser, a failure in this one mission. So he knew exactly what he had to do. Cheating was no crime, merely a strategy in war. 
      Gideon read into the Kankul soldier's energy. If Hadaen had been there, they were sure to have figured out his weakness by now. But he could sense the emotion sparking in Nathaal's energy. It was a mixture of confidence, hostility...and a tinge of fear. Gideon smiled to himself. As long as there was fear, he'd have a fairly easy fight. On the other hand, he could feel Mia beside him shaking in her boots. She did not give a glimpse of her terror and he was grateful for that. He had to protect her, however. After all, she was mortal. 
     "Are we going to stand here and talk? Or are we going to start ripping fucking heads off?" Malakai moved forward three steps. Attempting to shove him back, Gideon reached for his shoulder but he shrugged him off irritably. 
     Nathaal remained in position. Time stood still for a while, opponents watching opponents. A thick cloud slowly moved across the sun, a cool breeze sauntered by. The glare Nathaal shot at Gideon would have withered many men to nothingness but he remained expressionless. Then without further warning, Nathaal let out a fierce growl, rising both hands upwards which held the handle of his sword, and plunged the blade deep into the earth before him. Gideon snared, his alert heightened. He's seen that move before, once long ago. He urged Mia three steps back and it was then that the felt a soft rumble. It was more like a tremor, equivalent to belly quivering and almost as if it hasn't happened at all. Across from them, Nathaal gave a hideous smirk and the rumble came louder, more intense as if from a stampede.
      Gideon's gaze shifted to the earth, it was moving beneath them, stone shaking against the dusty surface. The movement had almost thrown him off his feet but he maintained his balance. Mia, on the other hand, had fallen flat on her ass and he grabbed her up, slamming her against him to steady her. 
     "I'm fine," she tried to convince him despite her quivering state in his arms. "What the hell is he doing?"
     The rumble increased and Gideon shot a glance at Malakai whose stance was already in attack mode. There was loud crack and boom and then a whoosh. Gideon's eyes flared crimson. Before them the earth opened up, forming a deep trench that shot of waves and waves of smoke-like dust, blinding them. The rumbling stopped and Gideon cast her aside. "Stay close," he warned her.
     Heart rate now on full speed, Gideon stared deeply through the fog, his mana strengthening by the second. He saw Malakai fighting off two soldiers at once. Then he shifted to the left....and saw Nathaal, staring smugly back at him. The desire to kill burned within him like an ever-burning flame. He'd be greatly satisfied by killing the fucker. Gideon took five quick steps until Mia's squeal gained his attention. Damn it. Turning swiftly, he saw her pinned up against a Kankul soldier who was twisting her left arm behind her. She whimpered, her sword falling from the other hand. He was about to step in when out of nowhere, she planted a firm elbow into the soldier's gut, withdrew a dagger from her waist and twisted in his hold, plunging heart deep. Gideon grunted and turned away again...to welcome a full-on punch in the mouth. 
He felt that one right up to the nerve endings in his brain. Shrugging angrily, her wiped his bloody mouth and growled. 
     "Nice one, Nathaal," he admitted with a wry smile. "Couldn't wait till a man turned his back, now could you?"
     "Shut the fuck up and let's fight!" The man swiped one booted foot in the dirt before him and angled the two swords in his hand. And then charged. 
      Gideon inhaled sharply, clenching his fists. Nathaal was on him in a flash and he dodged expertly from the path of one sword. He timed the slash of the other as his mana surged to his hands, burning like fire around them. Knocking the sword from his hand, Gideon growled and yanked him hard, fisting Nathaal squarely in the mouth. Tossing him aside like garbage, Gideon huffed and widened his stance. 
     Get up, you dumb fuck!" he shouted. "One bloody mouth for another, right?"
    Nathaal jumped to his feet, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. "You'll never find him!"
Gideon chuckled. "Drop your sword and fight like a man."
     For a moment, it looked as if the man was actually considering it. Then he hardened his glare. "Fuck you."
     Out of nowhere Malakai dashed in and gave Nathaal a blinding uppercut. The man slumped to his knees in obvious agony. Gideon frowned at him. "What? I deserved to have that one." He then grabbed the man up, pulled a length of steel from his inside vest and bent it neatly around Nathaal's hands. "Besides, we can't kill him just yet. Obviously, he knows where Deorci is. I can scan his memories."
    Gideon took a step towards Malakai. "You can do that?"
He shrugged and kicked a groaning Nathaal to his knees before bending another sheet of thick steel around his ankles. "Damn right I can. It's how I'd found--"
"Found what?" Blood rushed to his head like hot air. 
     Malakai shook his head and gave him one of those dumb looks with lowered lids and a cocked brow. "Your brother's woman. Amelia. Was that her name? Yes! I am the fucker who'd found out about her existence right after Xavier had been gutted like a damn fish. No need to get all touchy; it only works on Kankul people."
Breathing hot fury, Gideon folded his arms to reduce from murdering Malakai. Maybe he would kill the bastard after all. He just wanted to find Esyth first and then--
     Are you fucking kidding me?" Mia's scream rang so loudly, it made him flinch. Fuck, he'd forgotten about her. "You two are here fighting an ego battle while no one even bothered to find out how I was faring out?" 
     Malakai glared at her. Gideon twisted his mouth into a scowl, taking in her condition. Her vest was almost ripped wide open from the front, blood stain wiped all over her face and smeared over the blades of her swords. Her chest rose and fell with pent up frustration. "You look fine to me," Malakai mumbled.
     She let out a harsh laugh. "As if I expected any better from you, y-you asshole. And you," she gasped, pointing a finger at Gideon's chest. "I should shove this sword straight down your throat." 
     Gideon exchanged awkward glances with Malakai, truly unsure of what to make of her behavior. "As I can recall, you're the one who requested to come along with us. Are you asking that we treat you like the...woman that you are?"
   A horrified look transformed her face, her complexion paling with shock. She stammered a bit before she swallowed and sighed. "Oh, fuck you both. We need to get going. I need a bath."
    And she stalked off. Gideon shrugged and turned back to face Malakai, knodding at the silent Nathaal who stared at both of them with equal contempt. "Keep him silent until we get to the village. He'll be drawing enough attention just as he is."
    Malakai bristled. "I can do the memory scan right now. Right here. What the fuck are you waiting for?"
"You know the village we're heading to. Almahill. It's a neutral one but the people there hates your kind…very much," Gideon murmured with a mixture of bitterness and amusement. "You can do your scanning there and then allow the villagers to pick him apart."
      Nathaal's eyes flew wide open, genuine fear riding around in their depths. He then struggled on the ground, hopelessly trying to free himself from his destiny. 
      Malakai stared hard at Gideon, biting back the laugh forming on his lips. He then shook his head and ripped a piece of cloth from his shirt, tying it across Nathaal's mouth. "I don't like you one bit, Maruj. But I do like how you think." He paused and shot him a sly look. "Sometimes."
      Gideon chuckled and looked ahead to spot Mia stomping her way in the direction of the village. She hadn't gotten far. Heaving a deep breath, he looked to the heavens and asked The First for the strength to endure. Esyth could be miles upon miles away. Hell, she could be right under his nose. Wherever she was, he was going to find her. He'd accused Hadaen once of changing, getting soft for Amelia. Now he knew how it felt. 


* * * 

"What the fuck do you mean she's not here?"
        Hadaen passed his glare over the small group of women, who cringed backwards, terrified. Noble Rally threw up his hands and paced, shaking his head. The Hub hadn't changed one bit since he'd last been there. Glancing at the white tents scattered across the gentle sweep of the valley, he tried to contain his anger when he saw a glimpse of Elder Joseah approaching them.     Hadaen wouldn't be able to forget that face even if he wanted to. He wondered idly where the other old fart was.
     "My lord." The much older man gave a swift bow. "We weren't expecting you. Is everything alright?" He shook his head sadly. Poor Esyth. We still honor—"
"Elder!" Hadaen halted the man's words. He had no time for a fucking speech. "This is Noble Rally. Sienna's father. We're here to see her. Now."
     The elder stumbled back a step before his wrinkled face pulled into a frown. He then nodded briskly at the women who understood his meaning and ran off. 
     "Come with me." And the old man headed towards one of the larger tents, shoving the flaps apart and stepping inside. Hadaen followed suit and behind him, Noble Rally. His patience was wearing thin. He just hoped all those fucking women were delusional because he had not come all the way to the damn Hub for nothing! 
      As soon as they were inside the tent, questions flew out of Noble Rally's fretful mouth. "Where the hell is my daughter? Where is Sienna?"
    "I beg you not to take this the wrong way," the Elder said, brows creasing with worry. "But I was about to ask the same exact question."
     Fury exploded inside Hadaen. The Noble fell back in a chair, obviously feeling too stricken to stand. "Are you saying you don't know where she is?"
     Elder Joseah shook his head. "Precisely so, um, my lord."
"Fuck!" Hadaen felt like killing someone. Running an agitated hand over his hair, he fixed his gaze on the Elder again. "But there's more." It wasn't a question. He could feel the words about to roll off the old man's tongue before he even said them.
     "Yes."
Noble Rally's head flew up and he jumped to his feet. "Then talk, man. Talk!"
       The Elder did not hesitate. "A year and a half ago, Sienna came to me. She had received some form of a message. She could not figure it out on her own... so she'd requested my help." 
Hadaen's interest peaked. "What message?" 
"Sh-She was convinced that it was from...Esyth. But I seriously doubted it. I still do. It has been so long, you see..."
     "Who the hell is Esyth?" Noble Rally snapped. 
Hadaen's brows lowered in thought. He traced his memory back to that girl. Amanda of the Alexanders. She had received a message too, which Gideon had readily assumed was from Esyth. Was it coincidental? He frowned. Hadaen didn't believe in coincidences. "What else?" 
     "She left, my lord. Saying something about writing a wrong she had done centuries ago. She wanted to prove herself. By finding Esyth."
Noble Rally blew out a frustrated breath. "What the hell is going on?"
     "Hush!" Hadaen needed to think and he couldn't rightly do that with a blabbering nobleman in his ear. Damn, he knew that Rally wanted to find his daughter badly but fuck, couldn't he express his impatience a bit more quietly? "Noble Rally, I suggest you find a way to calm yourself down before I do it for you. And Elder Joseah? I need your honest opinion on something."
The old man nodded rapidly. "A-Anything, my lord."
Hadaen sighed and clasped his hands tightly behind his back. "Do you believe that Esyth could still be alive?"
      Silence. Elder Joseah's gaze swept the ground as if he was searching the floor for answers. "It is a possibility, yes. But we all know Deorci. If Esyth is alive, then it could only mean one thing. He has kept her alive."
"Exactly." Hadaen scratched his temple and nodded. 
       "But why?"
"Deorci had possibly sensed the connection between her and Gideon. Esyth being alive would only attract Gideon to search and eventually bring him to her. I believe Deorci knows that I'd follow too."
"My lord, that is a possibility. But what if it's not?"
Hadaen glared at the old man. How could he question his logic? "It is!"
    "Forgive me, my lord. Elder." Noble Rally interjected. "But what the hell does that have to do with me finding my daughter?"
    Hadaen spun on his nobleman, truly exhausted with Rally's whining. Grabbing him by the collar, Hadaen brought him up harshly to his toes. "Noble Rally, if you'd just shut the fuck up and actually think, you wouldn't have needed to ask that fucking question!" He then released him abruptly, setting the man's collar to rights again in a patronizing fashion. When he spoke again, his voice was so calm, Noble Rally just looked up at him, utterly puzzled. "Esyth is where Deorci is. And more than likely, so is Sienna if she had managed to locate Esyth's location. Now...all we need to do is find Deorci." 
     Noble Rally took two steps back from his ruler and swallowed deeply, flicking a drop of sweat from his temple. "Oh."
Hadaen nodded and turned to face the Elder once again. 
"It was a pleasure seeing you again, Elder Joseah. We'll meet again."
      And he spun on his heel, his long black coat fluttering behind him. 































Chapter Fourteen


         Fist collided with jaw, followed by the harsh crunch of shattered bones. Blood oozed from Nathaal's mouth in a thick rush. They'd been at it for an hour now but the man would not drop the shield he had built around his mind, blocking Malakai's efforts at scanning his memories. Gideon blew out a breath, drawing back his arm to connect his fist with the other jaw. His knuckles were bloodied and raw, almost skinning to the bones. He'd heal in a minute. Across the room sat Mia, head in her hands as she stared at them, her face flushed as if she wanted to throw up. 
     "Is this really necessary?" she groaned.
"Yes!" Malakai barked. "You can leave if you want."
"Pussy!" she flung at him. 
"Yeah. Haven't had some in a while. But no thanks."
     Mia growled and before he knew it, a dagger was sailing past his head. He dodged it quickly, the blade slicing half of one lock of his hair off. She then flung the door open and left the room with a slam of the door. Gideon rolled his eyes at both of them. "If I didn't know better, I'd say you too liked each other."
     Malakai glared hard at him. "If you don't fucking kill her soon, I will! She's fucking annoying and getting on my last nerve."
Gideon chuckled. "Yeah. You like her all right."
     Malakai didn't answer but folded his arms and stared down at Nathaal slumped on the wooden chair. "He's weakening. Plus, it's unlikely he'll ever talk."
"I see. You going to try again?"
"I might as well."
      Malakai grabbed Nathaal's bobbing head between his palms and pressed his thumbs into the man's temples. He then closed his eyes and breathed in slowly. 
"Anything?"
"No." Nathaal's groan reverberated throughout the room. "Wait...I'm getting something."
Gideon immediately jumped into action, sinking his fingers into Nathaal's bloody neck, weakening him further. It was now or never. They were running out of precious time. Esyth's life was depending on it. "How's now?"
      Malakai cracked a smile, eyes still closed. "Better. Much fucking better." Then he frowned, his jaws clenching tightly. "I don't believe this shit..."
"What?" Gideon's fingers sank deeper, Nathaal no longer expressing the effects of pain. He was dying. 
"The old dungeon."
"What?"
"The old dungeon." Malakai let out a grin. "That's where the fucker is."
"Where the fuck is it?" Gideon was mad as hell and a bit envious, angry that he couldn't see for himself. 
       "Not very far. Maybe eight miles from here. And two more underground."
Gideon nodded, relief washing over him like a cool shower. "Okay. Anything else? We should leave now. Save some--"
"I see a woman. I can't see her face well but it seems like she's in a lot of pain. Looks like she's in one of the jail rooms."
Gideon held his breath. "Esyth?"
Malakai frowned. "You're woman did have...blonde hair, didn't she?"
His stomach wrenched into a tight pulp."Yes." He had to squeeze the answer past his lips. 
     Malakai's eyes opened. "Must be one of Deorci's concubines then."
Gideon had held his breath so tightly he thought his eyes would fall out. Turning away, he then marched across the room and slammed his fist into the wall. 
Someone from the adjoining room screamed out, "Hey! Keep it down over there!"
Gideon grinned and shook his head, blowing out the breath he'd been holding so long. "Okay. Let's go get Mia. We're leaving now."
      Malakai nodded, glanced at an unconscious Nathaal for a moment and shook his head. "He's dead already. We should just leave him here." Reaching for his coat, he yanked it on, stuffing a knife deep down into the side of one of his boots. That was until, they heard a piercing scream, sounding as if coming from the bar area downstairs. Malakai immediately recognized the voice and rolled his eyes. 
"What the fuck is wrong with her now?"


* * * 

          Mia sipped from the slender beer bottle and sighed. What had she been thinking, agreeing to journeying with those two lunatics? One only served to piss her off at every second...and the other, she couldn't quite help the fact that he made her feel more womanly than she ever had in years. Malakai Baamel could have any woman he wanted. Which served to enforce the raw truth: he'd never give her a second glance, especially since she was another mortal to him. She had initiated that tumble with Gideon Maruj only to make him jealous. How stupid had she been to resort to such low a tactic? Instead, she'd only accomplished great sex that felt nothing more than...great sex. Gideon wasn't the one she wanted. 
         Besides, he was already taken as far as she knew. No man would be up day and night searching for a woman the way he did, if he didn't love her. She wanted Malakai, and damn it, he had her panties in a storm over it.
         Ignoring the fleeting winks the baldheaded bartender sent her from across the counter, she brought the bottle to her mouth again and took a hefty swig. Without even looking up, she felt someone occupy the stool next her. A raw masculine scent blew up around her, intoxicating and somewhat overdone. Then the person slid a small folded note next to her bottle and slipped away so quickly, she couldn't even make out the movement between the huddle of patrons in the crowded bar. 
     Heart now hammering in her chest, she swallowed and looked around her cautiously before picking up the note. Unfolding it carefully, she read softly, "'Meet me at the table in the corner to your far right. Hurry.'" 
        Immediately, she looked up and slid from the high stool. Her gaze found the table almost instantly and she pushed through the crowd to get to it. She stopped in her tracks and stared. At the table she saw a cloaked figure, too slender to be a man. The head was bowed low. "Sit. I don't have much time." Yeah, it was a woman all right. 
Mia frowned and sat, trying to see the woman's face but she only pulled the hood lower. 
      "Who are you?"
"No time. I need you to deliver a message to Gideon Maruj." A small hand came up, shoving a slip of paper towards her. "These are coordinates for the exact position he needs to meet me. The day after tomorrow at noon. No sooner. No later."
"Why don't you give him yourself. I can go—"
"No! You don't understand. I cannot. Do only this." There was a pause. "I beg you. Tell him it's crucial. His destiny depends on it. Tell him...it's about what he's looking for."
      "Okay." Mia eyed the note and slipped it hastily into the inside pocket of her vest. "How did you know I was--"
"I have to go now!" The woman was on her feet and turning away. 
"Wait." And the cloaked woman ran from her view, hidden beyond the crowd. 
          It was then Mia realized the sound of tables toppling over, the gasps of terrified people...and the itch of danger crawling down her then perspiring neck. She swallowed just in time to find herself being yanked up from her seat by her collar. She fought wildly, arms and legs flaying around in the air helplessly. 
        "Who was the cloaked figure?"
Mia blinked wildly to come face to face with the ugliest man she had ever seen. She couldn't miss the steely hardness in the man's eyes no matter how well he tried to mask it as anger. She'd seen it before. A Kankul soldier. Whoever the woman was, they must have been after her or something. She could barely think, could hardly come up with words to say. But when she opened her mouth, hoping for the lie that would save her life, a wrenching scream escaped her lips, deafening even to her own ears. The giant beast of a man winced and scowled, releasing her like a heap on the wooden table. 
        Another beast of a man next to him stepped forward and sighed, "Who is she?"
Cursing brutally, he observed her clothing with a swift sweep of his gaze, taking in her loose-fitted skirt and tiny vest. At that moment, more than ever, Mia was happy she had changed from her regular unconventional leather pants and boots. The man then spun fiercely from her. "Just a fucking loudmouth barmaid!"
      It hadn't taken long for the patrons to settle back to their own businesses. Mia scrambled off the table with the help of shaking limbs and was surprised she could even stand after what had happened. She moved swiftly through the crowd, around the bar and headed straight for the staircase that would lead to the rooms. One foot on the first step, she saw Gideon and Malakai rushing down towards her. 
    "What happened?" Gideon almost shouted. 
"Shh," Mia shushed him, glancing anxiously behind her. "Don't make a scene. We should leave. Now."
"What is it?" This time, Malakai reached out and grabbed her by the arm, almost shaking her bones loose.
      "I have a message for you." She looked directly at Gideon and shook her head, not even bothering to shake Malakai off. "Some-Some woman left. Said it was important. Let's go. There are fucking Kankul soldiers down there!"
Both men tensed. "She's right," Gideon said. "We shouldn't cause a scene. We'll leave now. As soon as we're a mile out, I want to hear everything about that damn message." And he moved past them, edging for the door.
      Malakai chuckled, staring down into her sparkling eyes. "Good job, Mia. Good job."
And she frowned up at him, wondering really if he was mocking or complimenting her. 


          They didn't stop moving until Almahill was out of their sight and looked barely larger than a tiny spec of light blinking in the distance. Malakai shoved a bottle, he had pawned just before fleeing the village, at Mia who grabbed it gratefully. Wrenching off the cork, she gulped down the crystal water and sighed. It tasted heavenly. Flinging herself down on the ground, she leaned against the thick trunk of a tree and blew out an exhausted breath. She was dog-tired, while the two men did not look as if they'd even broken a drop of sweat. 
     "Okay." She heard Gideon's voice hiss down at her. "Time to talk about the message."
Mia rolled her eyes and retrieved the note, slamming it into his palm. "Those are coordinates for the location you're supposed to meet her."
      "Her? Since when was it a woman?" Malakai questioned, stooping before her. 
"Does it matter?" she almost screamed, trying desperately to catch her breath. "And yeah, it was a woman. She kept her face well-hidden under a hoodie too."
    Gideon stared down at the set of coordinates scribbled on the paper. The bright moonshine provided him with just enough light to see the numbers clearly. Frowning, he handed the paper to Malakai. He hadn't a clue where that position was. 
    "It's the location of the old dungeon." Malakai stared down at the numbers a second time. 
"Are you sure?"
     “Yes," he drawled, glaring at Gideon. "I couldn't forget even if I wanted to. I know that place better than my own mother."
"You have a mother?" Mia stared up at him, looking utterly appalled.
Malakai glared at her. "It's a fucking expression, woman." He shook his head and sighed. "Anyway, the dungeon must be well guarded so we'd better be prepared to kick more asses than you can even think of."
     Gideon smirked. "Like that'll be a problem..."
"Wait, there's something else." Mia groaned as she rose to her feet. "She said specifically that you should meet her there the day after tomorrow. At exactly noon. 'No sooner, no later'."
Gideon began to pace. He spoke directly to Malakai, "You think it's a trap?"
"I'm positive it's not a trap. Deorci would never put such faith in a woman. For Kankuls, there is a caste system and women are at the bottom of it. They are used for breeding and as energy concubines. Deorci feeds off their energy. Which is why he always snatches a few on raids."
      Gideon was silent for a moment. Glancing at Mia, he then looked to the starry sky and sighed. "Mia, maybe you should turn back to your group. Things might get a little dangerous."
"Like hell I will!" Mia stared at him as if he had suddenly sprouted another head. "I am not going anywhere. The least you could do--both of you--is thank me for delivering this damn message."
"You could be killed, woman!" Malakai snapped, advancing on her with a murderous glint in his eyes.
      "Since when does a man of your ancestry give a damn?" she countered, eyes narrowed to dangerous slits as she met his gaze head-on.
"So help me, I will kill you my fucking self if you don't grow some sense quick!"
Gideon stared on at the two and shook his head. He was surrounded by two lunatics, he was sure of it. Two lovesick lunatics! He sighed. What he'd give to at least have argument with Esyth again. "You two look just about ready to jump each other. Just get at it already so I can have some damn peace and quiet."
     The look Mia gave Gideon reminded him of the old stray cat he'd caught thieving scraps from the kitchens while he was a boy. She was about ready to take off like a wild feline. Malakai, on the other hand, sneered at him but not before giving Mia his warning. "Stay out of my way!" he almost barked.
     "Gladly!" she screeched back, turning on her heels to put sufficient distance between them. Oh, how she wished she could just dig his eyes out and feed them to the vultures in the morning. 












Chapter Fifteen


Lavender!
         Damn, he was getting tired of this. Esyth was...far out of his reach and yet he could still smell her as if she was right there in his arms. He knew, perhaps, that he should have looked a bit more desperate and withered by frustration and heartache. In truth, he was. He was feeling so many emotions at the moment he worried immensely if he could contain them all. He'd been trying his best to remain as optimistic as he could. He would find her. And even though, in the current moment, his body still fighting hard against the sting of tears behind his closed lids, he could not allow them to be shed. He was less than ten feet from one of his greatest enemies, for The First's sake! He would simply have to put his emotions aside, keep them in check and protect his pride. Vulnerability was not an option; at least, not until he'd accomplished his goal: reuniting with Esyth. 
     Gideon shifted on his makeshift bed, an itchy weathered blanket he had taken from the inn in Almahill. Crossing his arms, he sighed deeply and squeezed his tears away, however it pained him to. But a much deeper pain made its way past his self-inflicted barriers and into his mind. He could see her more vividly now. Long tresses of glossy blonde hair curved the frame of her beautiful face...and those eyes... Those green eyes that forever seemed like liquid serenity whenever he gazed into them. He'd missed such serenity.
     Across from him, maybe some five feet away, Mia lay sound asleep on her side, facing towards his direction and a thick blanket tossed over her. Malakai Baamel sat next to her, a tree supporting his back as he dosed soundlessly. They had no fire as that would only draw enough attention that they surely did not need. But the air was chilly--cold, really--reminding Gideon of the familiar warm embrace he missed so much and hadn't had the chance to thoroughly enjoy. 
Yes, three years ago his friends and acquaintances probably would have laughed at how lovesick he had become; and he would have felt heavily defensive over his pride. But now, he didn't give a shit what they would think. He loved that woman and he would not stop until he got her back and personally saw to Deorci releasing his very last stinking breath. 
     Shaking his head forlornly, Gideon eased himself up and immediately met Malakai's alert and scrutinizing glare. "Nature calls," he murmured loud enough for him to hear and walked away. Baamel did not follow but merely went back to sleep, likely keeping one eye open. Neither men would ever grow to like, much less trust, each other. Gideon knew that much for he surely had no yearning for any friendly truce either. The raw hatred between them had been bred in their blood for generations, brewing a never-ending war between the Marujan and the Kankul kingdoms. They were each journeying together for one purpose alone. Gideon knew what his prize would be; he saw flashes of her stunning face every second. And Malakai would be content with beheading his former ruler and sporting his head for a trophy. Then they would part ways.
     Flexing his slightly paining neck, Gideon made his way towards a reasonable spot while unzipping his pants to take a well-needed piss. He could feel the light breeze blowing through the overgrown hair at the back of his neck and tickling his nape. He chuckled to himself and blew out a breath. Who knew taking a piss could feel so good? More like a burden had been lifted from his shoulders. 
    "You've grown..." The words came so softly, so sweetly he'd almost thought his mind had been playing tricks on him. Gideon pivoted immediately, his flaccid cock hardening almost instantly as his gaze clashed with two very green and very familiar eyes. His heart lurched in his chest, almost finding its way to his throat. Or maybe it had, for at the moment he somehow could not summon the strength or the will to speak. He was simply too...stunned. Gideon opened his mouth to say something but only ended up groaning as his cock began to throb with a need he had never felt before. His startled eyes scanned her completely, taking in the thin black fabric of the lacy dress that met her only mid-thigh. His astonishment immediately turned to anger as recognition dawned on him. She was dressed as a common whore. "Sssh," she coaxed, moving closer to him as if she'd read his mind. "Don't be angry. Right now I need you, Gideon."
   "Damn, Esyth. Where...? How...? I've been looking everywhere for you!" He rushed over to her, his hands shaking as he cupped her face, thanking The First for the warmth he felt in her cheeks. "I don't understand..."
     Tears surfaced in her eyes and glistened beneath the moonlight; her eyes now like glossy emeralds in the night. "I promise I'll explain it all to you. I just... I need you now, Gideon. We can talk all you want later. I promise. I just...want you inside me. Now."
Gideon swallowed deeply, staring down at her as if he'd never seen her before. Pure elation, gladness and relief washed over him like a cool breeze in a scorching dessert. His hands immediately went searching, checking for bruises and broken bones. "Are you okay? Where's Deorci? HOW did you get here?" 
    Esyth playfully swatted away his hands and placed a finger across his lips. "I'm fine. Really. I'm not hurt."
   "Fuck!" he groaned as he grabbed her up in his arms. Never had he felt so happy in his life. She was here. Esyth...was here! "I need to go tell the others!" His grin was so wide, it bared two rows of glistening white teeth in the darkness. He then squeezed her closer, burying his face in her neck. "You smell...the same. Fuck, Esyth. When you disappeared, I thought my life had ended. I wanted to die. Maybe later I'll spank you for it... oh god, I want you! Shit, I love you." Gideon eased her back only a bit so he could stare into those eyes he loved so much, wet with unshed tears. "I love you. You know that, don't you?"
     She smiled, the tears now spilling over her cheeks. "I know. I love you too. So much. Thanks for coming for me."
Gideon felt his cock twitch with excitement as he ground his hips into her, his fingers squeezing her ass eagerly. "Damn. The first priest I find, I'm going to make you mine, you hear that? But now..." He swallowed thickly as his gaze swept her bare throat and fleshy firm breasts, the paleness of her skin seductively erotic against the dark lace. "Now, I'm going to fuck you senseless."
     Gideon reached for her, tugging at the gem of the flimsy dress. His heated when his palms made contact with the creamy soft skin he had become to know those three years ago. Just the feel and scent of her made him want to come there and then. 
       Esyth swatted his greedy hands away, batting those sexy lashes at him. Twisting out of his grip, she took one delicious step back and planted on hand on her right hip, regarding him. The way she stood, staring at him like she'd eat him any minute, gave Gideon a shudder as a hot and cold sensation shot up his spine. He was sure of it; Esyth would be the death of him. 
     "We've got all night, babe. And an eternity after that," she said softly, a small pink tongue jotting out to moisten her juicy lips. For a moment, Gideon wished he were those lips. Her gaze raked over him hotly, landing on the fly of his pants. Gideon felt his cock lurch in response. "But for now..." Her gaze lifted back to his eyes. "I want to taste you." 
    The muscles around his groin tightened at the sound of her lustful proposition. Gideon didn't know if he'd last the night much less a minute with his cock in her mouth. He'd probably come the moment he felt her hot breath on the tip of his dick.
     Gideon swallowed as Esyth lowered herself to her knees before him, her hand working swiftly at his belt and zipper. He ran his hand over her long bountiful hair, his nails grazing her scalf gently. "That's it, baby," he groaned, sucking in a breath as she took his cock in her hand. "Fuck me with that sexy mouth."
     Esyth gave him a delicious smile and winked up at him before running her tongue over the tip of him. Gideon stiffened, his fingers clenching in the thickness of her hair as he threw his head back and moaned. 
"Look at me, babe," she said. "Watch me while I suck your big hard cock."
His balls tightened at her words. Gideon had never heard Esyth talk so dirty before. The whole sentiment of it all was so damn erotic, he couldn't do anything love the sound of it. It was as if The First had created her just for him.
      Her sweet hot mouth took him in inch by fucking good inch, sucking him slowly, her head bobbing back and forth on his rock-hard dick. Gideon clenched his teeth, guiding her head as she sucked him hard and deep. It felt so damn good he didn't know if he'd last long enough to give her the pleasure he'd had in mind. But then she took him in much further, he head of his cock touching the back of her warm throat. 
    "Oh fuck!" he gasped, his hands shaking. He could already feel the buckling of his knees. Hissing out another expletive, Gideon gently eased her away and yanked her up against him hard and fierce, slamming his mouth down against hers. He could taste the intense taste of him on her lips and his nose flared at the eroticism it gave. 
    His tongue jotted forward, plunging deep inside her mouth, tasting and savoring her sweetness. Her arms circled his neck, fingernails biting into his flesh but he didn't give a damn. 
He was going to fuck till she couldn't walk for a week. 
    Gideon held her tight against him, moving forward until he held her firm against the support of a large tree. His blood was racing in his veins as he snatched her dress up and stuffed the hem up beneath her bra. Ripping away her panties, Gideon let out a feral groan as his fingers made contact with her pussy. 
"Damn! You're so fucking wet for me," he grunted, slipping on finger deep inside her weeping cunt. Esyth moaned as she bit down hard in his shoulder. "Mm, you love that don't you?" And he slipped another finger in, teasing and tempting her, his thumb occasionally rubbing hotly over her hardening clit until she writhing uncontrollably against him. "God, I love how you make me so damn hard for you, babe!"
      Esyth moaned loud in his ear, her breath gushing quick and shallow against neck. Her pelvis slammed against his, begging and pleading with him. Then she let out a groan so deep, so throaty, he realized that teasing her only served to tease himself. As if knowing the direction of his thoughts, Esyth leaned back, looking up at him beneath quivering lowered lashes. 
"S-Stop teasing me, Gideon!" she gasped, her hips bucking as he fingered her still. "I want your cock now. Please! Fuck me, Gideon."
     He needed no more invitation than that. Gideon lifted her left leg, supporting it as far as it could go up over the inside bend of his right elbow. He then slammed his mouth over gets again, sucking on that talented tongue as he buried himself deep inside her tight pussy. 
"Shit!" he hissed, the slick walls of her cunt tightening around him, threatening to milk him dry. 
    "Yes! Oh yes! Harder. Fuck me harder. Ahhh..."
Gideon withdrew in one fast pull and them thrust deep again, filling her to the hilt. Esyth screams echoed around them in the darkness, sending his ego up another notch. He fucked her hard and fast, drilling her as if there weren't to be a tomorrow and he didn't care one bit. He'd gone too fucking long without his pussy. 
      "Wrap your legs around me, baby," he grunted. "Take me all in." Esyth wrapped her legs around him, locking tight at the ankles, moving up and down his cock in a sweet slow rhythm. "Oh damn! Your pussy feels so good." Esyth moaned, eyes shut tight in the spasms of pleasure. Gideon grunted and grabbed her ass firmly, rocking her against him as he pounded her fiercely. He held her tight around the waist, his other hand pulling on her hair as he forced her to look at him. "This is my pussy," he hissed in her face. "Who's pussy is this?"
     "Your pussy!" she screamed, shaking her head frantically. "Only yours." 
And he never let go until Esyth shouting out his name and shivering from a mind-blowing climax so unreal it was likely to be stamped into her mind forever. 
     Only then did he let go, his own release coming surely after as he came full-force inside her, his seed shooting up and across her womb. 









Chapter Sixteen 


        The bright morning sun blinded him the moment he forced his eyes open. Feeling awfully assaulted he shut them back immediately, groaning as his senses finally took notice of his painfully stiff muscles. 
     Damn it! He had overslept but somehow the realization did not send him into an instantaneous fit to rise. Instead, he found himself remaining completely still in his form and willing--rather begging--himself back to sleep. Gideon felt unbelievably dreary and a bit insane. A part of him desperately wanted to give up all hope of ever finding Esyth but the much saner part yearned to keep searching. 
       He'd often been told, growing up, that dreams were the windows to a man's desire; a subconscious communication with oneself. If only such dreams did not feel as real and equally as threatening as reality, more so than often, did. He had been so caught up in the dream for it had offered all he had ever wanted. Needed. He had felt the qualms of happiness, and was so filled with joy and relief that he had finally found his woman. 
          So, what indeed had caused him to be still lying beneath the heavily branched tree and soaking up precious time was the disappointment that he actually had not found Esyth. 
Yes, Gideon was disappointed. And angry. Utterly angry. 
Gideon felt Malakai's approach long before he probably would have seen the man, followed by Mia's; the intensity of their presence strengthening until he could feel it hovering over him like death itself. He quite preferred such hovering any day over the disappointment he was currently feeling. 
         But Gideon neither gave way to a blink or the tiniest of flinches, rather waited, the darkness within him—the anger—boiling to a massive heat he knew he would not be able to contain. Beneath all the emotions currently roaring within him, though, he was quite content that neither of them made any attempt to touch him, for he would never feel guilty for what would transpire afterwards. Malakai Baamel would put up a fight; it was a guarantee, really, but Mia... Mia was a simple mortal and that within itself was self-explanatory. 
     "You think he's sick or something?"
Mia's voice came, tinged with true concern and slither of fear.
Gideon could feel Malakai's ridiculing scowl. "Hardly," the man replied, dryly. "My only concern is if the Marujan wanted to lie around in bed all fucking day and waste my time, he should have said something!"
     Mia sighed. "I'll just wake him then..."
A feral hiss escaped Malakai's lips as he dragged her back a safer distance from Gideon. "Don't touch him! If you must know, I don't find the idea of cleaning up your minced body parts all over this damn place a very enticing pastime." He then nodded and cleared his throat, averting his eyes from her then horrified gaze. "For all we know, the bastard is already awake."
   "Then why the hell are we still here? It's the middle of the morning, for god's sake!" She then threw up her hands exasperatedly and stomped away through the bushes. "I'll be over there when you two lunatics are ready."
      As soon as she was out of sight, Malakai chuckled and shook his head. Gullible woman. He then returned his gaze to Gideon, sprawled across the rugged ground. Sighing, he inhaled deeply and summoned on his Kankul energy, watching as the glazing fire descended from his finger tips and down into his palms, forming into a rapidly spinning ball of crackling electricity and combusting heat. Smiling, and now satisfied with the reaction, he stepped back a good few feet and inhaled again. 
    It was now or never. And he swung back one arm, flinging the rotating ball of fire in Gideon's direction. There was a large booming sound followed by a piercing snap. The tree directly behind Gideon Maruj went flying, root and all, through the thick bushes, taking much smaller trees and shrubberies with it. Malaria grinned, impressed, and whistling at what he had just done. 
    Mia came rushing back out from the direction she had just gone, eyes wide with fright and her sword already clutched in her tiny fist, ready for a fight. Malakai smirked at the awe on her face and maybe if he had been paying more attention, he would have seen the bolt of red electricity slicing through the air towards him soon enough to dodge it. 
But he hadn't been paying attention and the bolt struck him fiercely, knocking the living breath out of him and sending him hurling into the trunk of a thick tree. 
      When he finally regained his strength, and some of his senses, a good couple minutes later he managed to ease his stiffened back from the now dented tree and jumped to his feet to see a maddened Gideon Maruj glaring back at him.
     Well, at least he was awake! 

* * * 

         Gideon was three-quarters pissed off and the rest enormously perplexed. Better, and he would have been hugely grateful, if Malakai Baamel had left him to wallow in his own damn misery. But to interrupt it and in such a loud and presumptuous manner was unforgivable.
Staring back at his partner in this current journey, and yet his eternal enemy, Gideon wanted nothing more than to murder him; to slice the little piece of shit to a thousand pieces. 
     Then his gaze slanted to Mia standing a good distance away and staring at both of them as if she would kill them if either of them tried anything. The entire notion of it was ridiculous but a bit amusing, nonetheless. Gideon shook his head and turned to find a spot where he could momentarily cool his head for a couple minutes. 
Then he stopped. His right ear perking with the familiar notice that someone was approaching. Blinking twice, he arced a brow and listened carefully. He heard the light footsteps now, some fifty meters away. 
      "What is it?" Mia asked, her eyes slanted with curiosity. 
"Someone's coming," answered Malakai. "Stay back."
      "Shhh..." Gideon scowled, still listening, and trying to study the person's energy. It boasted no threat. No signs of danger within it either. No fear. Then it hit him so hard, he almost stumbled. "What the hell? Amelia?"
Then the footsteps halted. 
    Mia rushed forward. "Who's Amelia?"
"You have got to kidding me!" Malakai marched over to him, his face bent into a deep ugly scowl. "First you brought this yapping woman along with us and now you brought your sister-in-law to seal the deal? I thought we agreed to do this fucking thing alone!"
Mia rolled her eyes and yanked on Gideon's sleeve, finally getting his attention. "What's going on?"
    Then something dark and blue came dashing through the thicker side of the bushes and all three spun to look what it was when a sharp blade went hurling and was positioned tip-first against Malakai Baamel's throat. 
    Mia yelped, taking a wise three steps back while Malakai, even when undergoing his current near-death experience, managed a belittling smolder and sighed. And holding that blade was the raven-haired blue-eyed vixen Gideon called his sister. 
    "Amelia, relax. This isn't what you think it is," Gideon attempted to coax her, slowly and deliberately lowering his voice. "Put the sword down."
Amelia scoffed. "I know you can't be serious." She then inclined her head, glaring up into the face of Malakai Baamel. "I could smell this one from miles away. And now that I'm here, I don't think I could ever forget the face of one of the front-men who had been planning on my death years ago."
    "With all due respect, sweetheart," Malakai drawled, seeming bored by her little speech. "Your scent ain't so thrilling either but since I'm apparently a stinking snake, let's just call it a truce, eh?" 
    Amelia's frown deepened. The bastard had the gall to patronize her...and smile about it too! Glancing at Gideon, she raised a brow. "Should I just slice his fucking head off right now or take my time?"
    Gideon sighed, his lips twitching uncontrollably. Leave it to Amelia to bring a little amusement in a time like this. "Why don't you just lower the weapon and let me explain things to you?" When she made no effort to do as he'd asked, Gideon sighed. "Come on, Amelia. You know you can always trust me. Don't you?" 
That one got her. Issuing out a blazing set of expletives over Baamel's head, she eased back a few feet before lowering her sword. "I'm listening," she said, never taking her eyes off the enemy. "And you'd better have a good explanation for this, Gideon."
     Gideon chuckled and slapped a gentling hand on Amelia's shoulder. A good explanation? Well, he wasn't too sure about that. "Malakai's helping me find Esyth."
    "What?!" Amelia swirled around, her eyes round with suspicion and anger. "Surely, you don't expect me to believe that shit!" 
"Yes. I do. Can we go talk about this in private?"
    "And leave the Kankul wandering? I don't think so." She flung a finger in his face, her usual reprimanding stance. "I don't know what shit you've been feeding on, but this is a Kankul soldier we're talking about. You know, the same asshole who'd been alongside Deorci that night at the Hub?" Amelia then huffed and glanced at Mia who was staring at her as if she was some goddess come to claim her to a distant land of paradise. "Who's the human girl?"
     Gideon swore beneath his breath. Amelia would never shut up now, and the sooner he explained things to her, the sooner he could get on with his journey. He sighed. Besides, he knew just the right thing to say to make her bite her tongue. 
     He eyed her carefully before grabbing her by the wrist and dragging her a good distance from their other two onlookers. Thankfully, his sister-in-law hadn't tried to stop him. When they were behind the security of a wide upstanding tree, Amelia yanked her hand back and pouted. 
"You'd better be glad I love you as if you were my own brother," she said, massaging her wrist. She then glanced around her once before continuing, "So are you ready to explain things a little better now?"
   "It's exactly what I told you. Malakai Baamel is helping me find Esyth."
Amelia's eyes narrowed to slits. "Why?"
"He wants Deorci's head."
A long fierce whistle escaped her lips. "And you mean so say that Deorci's first-in-command is now a hater?"
     "Exactly that."
“And you're sure about that, because?" she asked, eyes lit with dubious curiosity. 
"Instincts," he smiled. "Pure instincts." And Gideon said nothing more about that for he knew Amelia knew the importance their people placed on instincts. It was a part of their lifestyle, really. It was a part of everything they did. 
       Sighing and shaking her head, she glanced up at him. "I'll still be keeping my eyes on the Kankul soldier."
Gideon chuckled. "I knew you would."
      She nodded, glint of mischief in her eyes. "So should I assume the mortal girl belongs to either of you?"
Almost choking on a momentary inhale of breath, Gideon coughed once and hissed. "I'm trying to find Esyth. You know—"
     "Hey. Relax. I'm just kidding." Flashing him an adorable smile, Amelia then looked up into the light blue sky overhead, the tiny cottony whisks of cloud floating around and barely shielding the hot morning sun. She then averted her gaze back to her brother-in-law and shrugged.      "Hadaen will be pissed when he hears this."
Gideon turned towards the beaten tree that Malakai had just fallen, lying on the ground. He knew she was right. Hadaen would be angry. Very angry but Gideon supposed that it would all be worth it in the end; finding Esyth and destroying Deorci. Whichever was the case, he must could be able to earn back Hadaen's good graces with such results. 
       Gideon sighed. "I know." He then looked down at her, watching him back as if expecting him to say more. Then he chuckled and decided to goad her. "Speaking of my uptight brother, it's kind of nice of him and all to let you come all the way here. And all by yourself, I mean."
     If Amelia's face could get anymore red, Gideon vowed he'd want to be the first to see it. Biting back a laugh, he crossed his arms, waiting for her answer. 
     But instead of giving him her usual hot-tongued lecture about his sense of sometimes annoying sense of humor, Amelia none but smiled sweetly up at him and said, "My husband has no idea that I'm here, if that's what you're asking. So I would dearly appreciate it if you did not try to contact him about it."
     Gideon finally released the laugh he'd been holding on to for so long. "You and I are in the same boat, sister. Hadaen might yell my head off and cut me off for a few weeks or so but you...? You wouldn't be able to escape him if you wanted to."
"Oh shut up. Shouldn't you be continuing on. Now that I'm here, I think we have a better chance of finding Esyth."
      Gideon cleared his throat. "We might have already found the location." And he told her about their incident back at the Baamel village and the mysterious letter that was left by someone bearing coordinates to a specified location. He also told her about the meeting with Deorci's onetime right-hand-man and how the 'mortal girl', Mia, had come to be in their company. 
     "Interesting," Amelia murmured. 
"Yeah. But, hey, I still don't understand how Hadaen hasn't missed you yet."
         "Let's just say I haven't seen him since he went all giddy on me about an invitation from Noble Rally. About a hour later he came back, grabbing his cloak and muttering something about Sienna. Then he stormed off saying not to wait up for him. I've contacted him a few times and he says everything's fine." Amelia shrugged. "He's alright."
     Gideon thought on her words a moment. So there was something surrounding Sienna that might be key to discovering Esyth as well, but what was it? He had kept his assumptions ever since the day Abel Macintosh had spoken of the red-haired beauty. Maybe he needed to pay closer attention to it. 
    "Okay. We'd better get going then. We have to get inside that dungeon by noon tomorrow."











Chapter Seventeen


       The brisk wind gushed against Gideon's face as he shouldered his way through the hot desert of dried weeds and thirsty cracked ground. There wasn't a tree in sight. At least not for another three miles, he deduced. Wiping the sweat from his brow, he blew out a harsh breath and shrugged, his shirt sticking to his skin like a wet sheet. And inside his pants was a dense layer of heat that spread all the way from inside his hard boots, up along his legs and across his thighs, lodging like a heavy thick discomfort around his groin. 
     Gideon tugged on the front of his leather pants, yanking the fabric away from his sensitive organ. He desperately needed to find a village soon. He was badly in need of a bath and certainly a more sensible change of clothes. The rubbing of the hard leather against his balls was oddly reminding him of how much he missed making love to Esyth.
Cursing beneath his breath, he groaned deep within his throat and glanced next to him where Amelia walked. She was frowning, brushing occasionally at a lock of hair that always made its way back into her eyes. As if sensing his gaze, she looked up and shook her head. 
     "The girl is slowing us down," she whispered, eyeing Mia who walked alongside Malakai a good few feet ahead of them. 
He sighed. "I know."
     Her eyes narrowed on him. "Why is she here? It's dangerous. She could be killed."
"You could be killed."
    "I can defend myself leagues better than she can."
"Mia wanted to come. I guess she needed the adventure, you know. And I kinda know the feeling..."
      Amelia looked up at him, watching him for a long while before she let out a long heavy breath. She did, in fact, know what he meant. If anyone really understood the nature of true freedom and adventure, it was Gideon. His life had been built around it; to never just live but to enjoy life. And she somehow envied him for that. Nodding, she stuffed her thumbs inside the front pockets of her jeans. 
    "I still have my eyes on the Kankul wretch, though. Any slight slip, I'll have his head, don't doubt it."
     "Doubting you would never be an intention of mine, sister," he chuckled and rubbed her shoulder affectionately. He then narrowed his eyes on a thick white puff of smoke rising above the distant tree tops and smiled. "We'll reach a village soon enough. Then we can continue on. Don't worry. We'll get there." Gideon's jaws clenched, determined and fierce. "I have no other choice."
     Gideon closed his eyes briefly as memories of his so sweet Esyth came rushing back to him. He sighed. If he did not love that woman as much as he thought he did, then he was prepared to be called stupid for the rest of his life. No simple emotion could ever feel like what he was currently feeling. He knew that much. Either that or he was seriously losing his mind, and Gideon knew that he was probably in one of the sanest phases of his life. 
      Smiling now, he could remember that day he had first made love to her. It was a memory forever burnt in his mind, set and sealed like concrete. 
     They had both been completely sated and breathless from a love-making so powerful and passionate it had engulfed them both and set them into a frenzied state of euphoric satisfaction. It was the first time he'd felt so connected to a woman. It was like Esyth had stripped him naked straight down to his soul and read in him all he'd ever wanted and possibly needed, and then offered it all with no conditions attached. 
     She had a lovely soul, the type to give and never expect anything back in return. Surely someone had to have some sort of selfless attitude to abandon their own life to the service of her kind. To watch over Amelia while she was in the mortal form for seven centuries, protecting and shielding her from Deorci's sight. Gideon admired that the most about her; her willingness to give her all. But when she given herself that night at the Hub for Amelia's sake, he'd been left heartbroken and shattered; desperately trying to piece it all back together. It had been hard losing the one woman who'd made him feel like a fool and a prize both at the same time. 
      Why hadn't she just come to him and told him that she'd known about Amelia's intended sacrifice? They would have been able to figure out another solution. Just had he had intended on doing for Amelia at the very last minute. 
     He shook his head, and even though he could feel his heart tightening with dread in his chest, he still could not help but smile at how courageous his woman had been. He would find her, he just knew it.
    "We'll find her."
Gideon looked down to see Amelia glancing knowingly up at him. Nodding, he gave her his best reassuring smile and shook off the melancholy feeling threatening to captivate him. It was no use, anyway. He'd strive to be his usual optimistic and pleasant self because that's what he intended to remain when he laid eyes on Esyth again. 


* * * 

          Escape from the overbearing noon heat on their heads was a relief the moment they set foot inside a dusty old inn in a village called HillTop. The first thing Gideon thought was that it was a very strange name for a place that situated on nothing but a wide open plain and lowlands. But then again, as a child growing up, he'd once had a pet bitch named Mule and her half dozen kittens. Yeah, he was very young at that time; and apparently too young to understand the true meaning of the word. 
         The inn was located on a fresh piece of vegetated land surrounded by large oak trees, a welcomed contrast from the crisp dirt they'd been traveling through for hours. The quaint building was positioned in such a peculiar way that it almost looked as if it was built in the dead center of the road, blocking all signs of whatever else the village had to offer. 
      Gideon spotted a large self-contained wooden booth with a large glass window; the innkeepers desk. Around the dreary room, he could hear the squeaking wood. It was almost as if the inn was swaying; resonance taking its course. The annoying squealing of a fan caused him to look up, the cobweb-ridden contraption barely rotating.
From what he could see, the place was in an incredulous state of disrepair; the pungent scent of dead rodents and termites filled the air, coupled with the smell of stale liquor and long spoilt food. Gideon winced to keep the little contents of his stomach in place. 
        "Whoever owns this place needs to be hanged," Malakai grunted, taking a disgusted look around. 
Amelia shot him a disdainful look but nodded. "I don't think anyone's around, Gideon."
      "I know and I'm starting to get a bad feeling in the pit of my gut. Maybe we should take a look outside and see for sure." 
They were about to turn on their heels when a breathless Mia came barging through the front door. Gideon frowned. He hadn't even noticed that she hadn't been standing alongside them. 
"What's wrong with her?" Amelia asked, frowning as she watched the girl take in quick shallow breaths. She was nothing short from falling into hyperventilation. Rushing over to Mia, she touched her arm. "What happened?"
"Saw a dead rat, more than likely," Malakai drawled, a grin plastered across his face. 
Gideon rolled his eyes. "Put a can in your trap, Baamel," he said. "Come on, Mia. Out with it already…"
       Mia sucked in a gasping breath and shot a glance at Amelia, who was technically holding her up at the moment. She then swallowed tightly. "You've got see outside. I mean, out there," she gasped, pointing in their direction which meant behind the inn. "I've never seen anything like it. Y-You might want to brace yourselves."
      He was out the door before either of them had even fully interpreted Mia's words, Malakai Baamel to be the first on his heels. Gideon rounded the corner of the inn, parting his way through high weeds and bushes and pass a large stone well. He moved fast, feet carrying him like the wind itself however absent it was at the moment. Then he tripped on something, almost falling over when he paused abruptly and looked down. 
     The thrushes were thick and high so he really could not see much. Stooping down to a crouch, he gently parted the bushes, searching curiously. His hand stilled. His eyes widened and his nostrils flared at what he saw. 
A woman's hand, raw and nibbled by insects, swarmed by flies and thousands of maggots. Frowning, he withdrew and stood, momentarily confused. Well, that was before he felt Malakai's presence directly behind him, followed by the man's sharp hiss, "What the fuck happened here?"
"Oh...my...god!" Amelia came up shortly, a red-faced Mia in tow.
     All three seemed to have no problem with finding their voices but Gideon could barely summon his. He was dumbstruck. Mia was right about one thing. It wasn't anything like that he had ever seen. Ever. Not even during the Kankul-inflicted holocaust that been over Maruj all those many years ago. 
      The state of the remainder of the village was everything Gideon had not expected. He could scarcely believe what he was seeing. Noticing the clean white smoke rising above the fresh tree tops some few miles back had given him every reason to be optimistic; to find a place roaring with laughter, kindling fireplaces and warm food. He most certainly did not foresee a place scattered with burnt down houses and shops and dead bodies, both women and children and scores of men. 
      Seeing the destruction evolving around his eyes only made his head spin with more disappointment. Only one building apart from the inn was left standing, and it was an ancient brick chapel ascending to some forty-odd feet in height.
Perhaps it was selfish to even feel disappointed at this particular moment. Not when so many lives had been lost here. Somehow, he could feel the sorrows of the people who had once lived here. So dismissing his own personal feelings from the equation, he then felt a quick surge of anger flooding his veins. And the only stench he could smell was Kankul. 
      Malakai brushed pass him, his nose flaring and teeth baring in a feral sneer. He then spun around, his jaws clenched tight. Gideon met his eyes, the raw hatred they felt for each other clearly evident but also their willingness to put it all aside for a greater good. For now. 
"Deorci was here," he said. "I can almost taste the motherfucker's energy."
Gideon nodded. "How long ago do you think?"
      Malakai sniffed. "Two, maybe three days."
They all stood in contemplative silence for a few minutes. It was Amelia who first spoke. "I just find it odd that they didn't destroy the inn. It's not like it's in any condition to garner pity." She cut Malakai a nasty look. "Especially from Kankul soldiers. What say you about the chapel?" 
    "Maybe Deorci has found your beloved The First," Malakai drawled, his tone dripping with sarcasm. 
    Amelia's blood was obviously boiling. "Listen, you piece of shit—"
"I'm going to go check out the chapel, " Gideon interjected, cutting off a fuming Amelia. He really hadn't the patience to witness any likely argument his sister-in-law was wishing to start. He understood her anger but hell, even he was trying! 
He needed them both focused because something was gravely wrong here and he desperately needed to find out what it was. 
      He nodded to Malakai who grunted an expletive and then preceded him towards the chapel. "In the meanwhile, Amelia, I would really appreciate it if you would try to reign in your anger just a bit," he continued, pleading with her. "Hadaen would have agreed."
   Amelia pouted, her teeth gritting until she turned wide eyes on her brother-in-law, fully understanding his reference to her husband. Suddenly, all color drained from her face and she sputtered, "Y-You wouldn't dare tell Hadaen I'm here." Her mouth hung loose with disbelief and uncertainty. "Would you?" 
    "No," he sighed, shaking his head wearily. "But don't tempt me, alright?" He then averted his eyes to a green-faced Mia who looked like she was going to barf at any moment. He just hoped he wasn't nearby when she did. He had no intention of being vomited on again, his thoughts returning to that night with Amanda of the Alexanders. He sighed again. He'd contact Faolan later and see how he was faring. "And try telling Mia some happy stories, will you? She looks like she's going to faint."


The inside of the chapel was stuffy and hot. Two dozen rows of dusty mahogany pews on either sides of a long aisle leading up towards a wide alter. The ceiling was of domed red and green and yellow stained glass, gleaming under the refraction of the sun's rays. Gideon thought it was a pretty decent chapel.
     A long spiral staircase started across the room to his right and ended on a wide flat landing just above his head. Instinct brought him to the foot of it and he was already climbing when Malakai cast him a cautioning look.
    "You don't know what the devil could be hiding up there, man," he said to Gideon. 
"Well, it'd be a whole lot better than waiting for it to come down, wouldn't it?"
Malakai did not answer but trailed a good three to four steps behind. When they reached the landing, Gideon looked around, immediately stepping inside a doorless room. There wasn't much to be seen but overturned bookshelves, and books and papers scattered all over the floor. A small window overlooked the entire bloodied yard and the lands beyond. 
It was a terrible sight, really.
    He was about to turn and leave when he heard the distinct shuffling of feet to his right. Remaining cool and composed, though, he chose not to alert Malakai. Someone was in the room with them and he had no intention of scaring him or her off. 
    "Deorci must have been looking for something," Malakai said, looking all around the room. "Must have been very important..."
Turning slowly, Gideon raised a finger to his lips to caution him. Understanding immediately, Malakai continued chatting about numerous forms of nonsense while Gideon edged across the room towards a standing bookshelf. Running his hand along the side of it, he clenched his jaws determinedly and shoved it over with one push. The shelf fell with a huge crash, followed by the clatter of books.
      A hoarse throaty shriek erupted just in time as they both landed eyes on a middle-aged priest, dressed in a long white garb and eyes bulging with fright. Gideon would have found the man's expression amusing if it were any other day. The man looked like a stray cat caught thieving chicken from Cook's pot. 
    "Well, look what we have here," Malakai chuckled, gaining much ground on the terrified religious man. 
The priest looked at both of them frantically, his Adam's apple throbbing heavily as he gulped. Gideon could already see the sweat running down the man's face as he plastered himself against the wall. 
    "What happened here?" Gideon questioned. 
The man crossed his heart three times quickly. "Please don't kill me!"
    "Relax, we're not here to hurt you," Gideon said, lowering his voice to a gentle tone. "But we would just love your cooperation on a few things. Firstly, are you alone?"
The priest nodded, still looking as if he was going to drop stone-cold at any moment. 
    "Who did this?" Malakai asked, even though he already knew the answer. 
"I-I don't know. I was in hiding. They came... Hundreds of them, you see. They did things so...so unreal, you see," the old man stuttered out, crossing his heart again. "They killed. Everyone else b-but I hid b-beneath the floors, you see." Then he shook his head forlornly, tears swelling up in his downcast eyes. "All the dead bodies, I thought I was dead too..."
     "Did you get a good look at any of the men who did this?" Gideon decided to ask. He had to know for sure. Immediately, the old man blanched, looking ready to bolt. Gideon smirked. There was no way that was happening. "It wouldn't do you well to lie, priest. It would get you absolutely no where. Besides, that's no good way to set an example."
   "I don't know. I-I...."
"Did you or did you not get a look at any of the bastards' faces?" Malakai grounded out, obviously getting as irritated as Gideon was. 
The priest's pupils shook, his lips quivering. "I-I was sworn into secrecy."
Malakai and Gideon exchanges glances. "By who?" Malakai asked, folding his arms over his chest, his expression annoyed. 
"By me. I-I don't want to die."
     Gideon let out a harsh laugh, the amusement never reaching his eyes. Malakai shrugged and smiled wickedly, his own grin resembling that of a big shark who had just found a delectable delight. 
    But the laughter was short-lived and before the old man could even release another breath, Gideon was on him like flies on dead meat. Grabbing the priest by his thick collars, he shove him up against the wall and growled fiercely. The old man froze, his bony frame trembling like a leaf. 
   "Please..." he gasped out. “Y-You said you wouldn't k-kill me!"
Gideon barked in the old fool's face. "I'm not someone who normally resorts to killing defenseless people but do not try my patience, old man. All you have to do is answer my fucking question." The priest whimpered and sucked in a sobbing breath. "You have a tongue, don't you? Well, use it before I rip it out and stuff it down your fucking throat!"
     "He said something about a book that held some secret to limitless power," the priest blurted, no stutter or tremble in his words. Then he gripped desperately at Gideon's hands, letting out a wheeze. "Please. I can't breathe!"
     Gideon dropped the man abruptly and ran an agitated hand through his hair. A book that held some secret to limitless power? What the hell was Deorci up to this time? He turned a frustrated glance on Malakai, who only shrugged and shook his head. 
     Damn it! The last thing he needed was any more delay in his plans. Gideon decided they'd all better tread on safer grounds from now on. 
And on safer grounds, they certainly were not on because a loud crash came instantly, throwing Gideon from his thoughts and shaking the entire building, whatever bookshelves had been left standing, falling in a dusty shattering heap. Bracing himself, Gideon tapped into his mana, searching for what could be the reason for the sudden crash. The building shook for another couple minutes before it stilled. 
     Malakai shot towards the door. "I'm gonna go check it out!"
The priest, who had been knocked quite unceremoniously to his rump by the blast, scurried to his feet, tears spilling down his face and bawling like a babe. 
    "The devil is here, I tell you!" he shrieked, moving wide around Gideon as he headed for the door. "I don't want to die! You should s-save yourself before he c-comes for you." The priest's eyes widened to saucers, his hands shaking. "He's the devil in the flesh. The blackest eyes I've ever seen and hair whiter than Heaven's light, you see." Then he shot the door screaming, "I don't want to die!"
     Gideon stood stock still for a while. He could not understand the energy he was picking up. He could not locate its source either so he had no idea what he was up against. Something was obviously wrong and the fact that he had no idea just how wrong it was, had him on the shorter end of the stick. 
    He sprinted from the room instantly, his mana flooding in and around him, flooding his eyes crimson. He moved with superhuman speeding, storming down the staircase and down the aisle. Tearing through the chapel yard, he glanced absently at the priest's lifeless body leant up against the old well. The old man's garb was almost torn from his body, his blood soaking through a hole in his chest. Gideon hissed. The old fool had run straight to his death. 
       The only thing on his mind at the moment, though, was Amelia and Mia. If anything were to happen to his beloved sister-in-law, he would have to face Hadaen's wrath. He hissed. Malakai could handle himself. 
      "Amelia!" he called, bolting through the weeds in the direction of the wood. He had to dig his heels into the ground beneath him to halt his movement. Shit! The fucking inn was blown to pieces.
    Panic sunk in. Gideon was on the edge of losing his mind. "Amelia! Mia! Where are you?" He spun around, searching the entire area but he couldn't locate any of them. Blood rushed to his temples, pounding like a hammer to his skull. Throat now gone dry with the thirst of impatience and worry, he called again. "Amelia!"
     "I never thought it'd be so damn easy, Maruj."
The eerie voice came strong and booming from directly behind him. Gideon swallowed tightly, feeling his hackles rise. This was it. He couldn't mistake that voice for anything. He knew it; it was forever hemmed into his memory. Into the memory of every Marujan noble. Into his brothers'. 
   Into his. 
He'd never felt more helpless in his life. A weakness felt into his knees, and the heat of raw danger bearing down like a weight on his head. Screwed, was the only word, he could think of. 
       Gideon was screwed. 
        The moment he pivoted on his heels, a hand slammed around his throat like a vise, lifting him off his feet. Gideon summoned the strength of his mana, staring defiantly into the eyes of the man he'd hated long before he was born. But the grip only tightened around his neck, cutting off his air supply and therefore halting the course of his mana. 
        Gideon gasped, clutching at the long sinewy hand that was choking him. The last thing he saw was the sinister blackness of Deorci's eyes and the triumphant sneer of his lips, before Gideon felt a blinding crash to his head and then total blackness. 
A complete and total blackout. 































Chapter Eighteen


           'You must be fine trouble with the young ladies down there.'
Gideon opened his eyes and blinked twice, feeling a rush of calmness surrounding him. He could feel the soft flutter of weeds against his face, the sweet scent of roses leaving him somewhat lightheaded. It took him a moment to realize that he was lying in a garden somewhere. But it was a voice that had woken him. 
    He sat up instantly, trying to sort his muzzled mind. How did he end up here when he had just been...? Oh shit! Jumping to his feet, he rubbed his temples. He had to find Amelia and Mia; they were in great danger. He had to reach them before Deorci did. 
Where the fuck was he? All he could see was plains of roses and lilies, spreading out into an endless land. A light breeze fluttered across his face and for a moment, he wondered if he was in Heaven. Shrugging off the feeling, he took two unsure steps forward. 
         'You remind me so much of your Father just now.' There came the voice again; a rich feminine sound which could leave any man in a trance. Gideon looked up, frowning. He must be losing his mind. 
'Who are you?' he asked. 
        'I'm right behind you, sweetheart."
He turned slowly, quite taken aback by the sight. There was woman sitting on the grass before him, her face so radiant and kind. She was beautiful, her light blue eyes warm and lovely. She was clothed in a long white dress, long tresses of auburn hair falling over her shoulders and into her lap. The woman smiled up at him, a deep dimple forming in her left cheek. 
Gideon's gaped at her. The recognition was almost too good to be true. That face. Those eyes. He'd seen them so many times in his dreams as a child. He swallowed down the lump of emotion that had been resting in his throat. 
         'Mother?'
Her smile widened. 'My baby boy is all grown up, isn't he?'
'Mother?' he asked again. 'This can't be real.'
'Oh it is real, Gideon. I'm right here.'
He could feel his lips trembling, his eyes filling with tears. 'But you're...'
She smiled again. 'Dead?'
He nodded, approaching her cautiously. 'Does that mean, I'm....'
       'Shhh,' she coax, rising gracefully to her feet. Gideon thought she looked like an angel. She took him by the hand, her touch warm and affectionate. Gideon stared down at their hands for a moment. 'I need to talk with you.'
  The entire moment was quite overwhelming for Gideon. He was with his Mother. Why? Rushing into her arms, he welcomed her warm hug and allowed his tears to fall. He'd wanted this moment for so long, for too long. 'I can't believe it's really you.'
'Don't cry, baby. I'm alright. But you're not.'
Gideon raised his head to look down at the woman who had birthed him. She was a goddess in his eyes. 'What's happened to me?'
      'What has happened doesn't matter, son. What matters is what you intend to do about it.' She wiped his tears away with the gentle sweep of her thumbs and then fell a soft kiss to his cheek. You've given up, Gideon.'
         Gideon sniffed and looked away. 'I can't do it, Mother. I-I've failed them. I've failed them all. Hadaen...and Faolan.' He breathed one shaky breath. 'I've failed...her.'
'No, you haven't,' she smiled, her own tears glittering in her light blue eyes. She shook her head fondly. 'I've been watching you three boys for so long, Gideon, and I've never been prouder of how you've grown up to be such great men. Hadaen has your father's rock-hard control.' She chuckled. 'He’s never found a better match in Amelia. And Faolan... Oh, Faolan has kindness and joy. But you, you Gideon, have always been so special. I saw it in your eyes for the few moments I held you in my arms. You'll be the one to hold both your brothers up. They don't have the patient will like you do.'
           Gideon tried to fight against the tremors that were threatening to captivate his body. Maybe he was dead. He didn't know. 
  'Esyth needs me and I was this close to finding her.' He looked away again, ashamed to meet his Mother's kind probing eyes. 'I'm a failure. How can you still believe in me?'
She rest her warm palm against his cheek and turned his head to face her once again. 'Because you're my son. And I love you. You need to stop blaming yourself. Everything will work out just fine if you only believe, Gideon. You will find her. So go...'
      'Go?'
'Yes. Go.' Turning him gently, she stood behind and pointed to a large hollow tree that stood alone in the wide plain. Gideon was almost sure it hadn't been there a minute ago. 'Go. She'll be waiting for you. You'll know what to do.'
     Gideon turned to her, his mouth open but unsure of what to say. 'I...'
She smiled. 'I love you, Gideon. All of you. Don't you worry about me. I'll be with you always.' Stretching upwards, she took him in her arms again and Gideon breathed in her soft rosy scent. She then pecked him affectionately on the cheek and took one step back, her falling tears betraying the joyful upturn of her lips. 'Go. Go...'
      Gideon smiled and picked her hands up in his, pressing both his lips before returning her smile. He swallowed tightly, his heart hammering in his chest at his newfound strength. His forever shield; his mother. 'I love you too, Mother. Always. You're even more beautiful than any picture could capture.'
      She let out a healthy laugh. 'Are you charming your own Mother, boy?'
Gideon's eyes twinkled as he grinned. He then nodded and exhaled a calming breath, regarding her happily for a moment. But he had to take heed to her advice. He couldn't give up. Esyth was waiting for him. And he would not leave her waiting too long.
      'Thank you,' he said softly and then turned from her reluctantly yet determined to be on his way. He then stared hard at the hollow tree and did what any man in his position should do. 
He ran for it. 

* * * 

          The first thing he noticed once he opened his eyes was the pungent scent of death. A beacon was burning wildly, illuminating the cold dark room and something was squeaking. 
Gideon eased up from his laying position, wincing instantly as a searing-hot pain rocketed through the side of his head. Shit! He felt as if he'd been hit over by a truck. It only took him a minute to realize that the room he was currently in was no ordinary room. Thoughts of all pain aside, his eyes flew wide open. It was a jail. 
       Now jumping to his feet, he flew across the room, hands tightening around the thick bars of the door, shaking furiously. He was in jail, and not just any jail. Deorci's fucking dungeon! 
"Fuck!" he hissed, running his hands through his hair and breaking out into a rapid pace. What was he going to do? Well, he had to do something and he couldn't rightly do anything from behind bars now, could he? A saucy grin overcame his lips. That could easily be rectified anyway. Summoning on his mana, Gideon inhaled deeply and tried to relax. He could feel the surge of his one energy...preparing to flood from his center and into his veins. 
Then nothing. "What the fuck?" 
         His mana had never failed him before. 
    What the hell was going on? The squeaking sound came once again and Gideon turned around to see a body sprawled in the far corner of the room. Moving towards it cautiously, he crouched down to turn it over. Long tresses of dark hair hung over an oval face. It was a woman. Gideon's gaze raked over the woman's body questioningly. One of Deorci's concubines?
    Reaching out one index finger, Gideon brushed away some of the thick tendrils of her face, the rough pad of his thumb brushing over smooth warm skin. 
He stilled. She was still alive. 
        Frowning deeply, he continued on his task to take a better look. Part of him knew it couldn't possibly be Esyth yet another part still urged him to look anyways. He flicked the rest of the tendrils away. 
        Gideon shrunk back as if he'd been slapped hard in the face. It couldn't be. No. Just as he was about to open his mouth to speak, her eyes opened. She looked back uncertainly at him
before she blinked thrice and swallowed. 
"Gideon Maruj?" she said, voice weak and cracked. 
     "Sienna? What are you doing here?"
She turned her face away and Gideon got to knees, using his hand to support her head. He looked her over slowly. She was battered and beaten. And incredibly thin. Her famous red hair had darkened to an ugly shade of brown, almost black. "What happened to you?"
She chuckled wryly. "My stupidity."
       Gideon frowned. It was obvious that she was carrying some awful load of guilt. For a moment, he felt a little guilty by how he'd teased and taunted her all those years ago. 
"Hey, it's alright. I'm not here to judge you, okay? How'd you end up here?"
           She was quiet for several minutes and Gideon had almost thought she wasn't going to answer him. Then she turned her face around. 
"Help me up, will you?"
Gideon obliged, lifting her carefully so that she sat straight up, her back resting against the wall. She was so fragile, he thought she'd break. But the fire in her eyes told him she had a lot left to go on. 
        Sienna raised one slender hand to brush her hair from her face. Gideon winced. Her jaws were sunken, dark circles taking home beneath her eyes. He felt utterly sorry for her. Sienna was known to be breathtaking but now, in her current state, she could hardly be called that. 
"He hurt you," Gideon whispered, watching how she still seemed strong despite her injuries. 
She allowed him a weak smile. "I'm a big girl. But I'm glad you're finally here."
"Finally?"
       She nodded. "Despite the fact that Deorci threw you in here, I know you'll find a way to get to her."
Gideon frowned, thinking over her words. Esyth was here. The news brought to him a newfound joy he never knew he'd ever feel again. But... He looked at her. "You were the one who sent the message?"
     "Amazing, huh?" she smiled, her busted lip cracked and stiff. "I'd been practicing with Elder Joseah back at the Hub. He said that was how Protectors now communicated with each other. I was just getting good at it when I got a message from Esyth."
"How'd you know where to find her?"
She shook her head. "I didn't. I left the Hub without giving anyone notice, trying to locate her but I couldn't. I was traveling through a valley south of the Hub when I was captured by a few Kankul soldiers. I couldn't fight them off."
       "No one's blaming you, Sienna."
"They threw me in here and then Deorci came," she continued, voice breaking into a sob. "He...he came every night, asking questions about the kingdom. I refused to answer so....he beat me and he...did things I'm too ashamed of to say..." A tear rolled down her cheek, her expression yet impassive. "You don't have to feel sorry for me, Gideon. I'm stronger than you think." She nodded, aiming to give strength to her declaration. "I tried to contact Lord Hadaen but this...this girl responded to me instead."
       "Amanda of the Alexanders..."
"That's what she said her name was. I tried and tried again to contact you guys but I couldn't. So I had no choice but to ask the girl to bring the message."
"And she did," he said, letting out a long dreadful sigh. "God, Sienna! Why hadn't you made it known that you were here too?"
        She frowned. "I'm not that good at the communication thing yet. At least not with words. Feelings, shapes, colors.... Those are what I can use." She moved a little more upright, groaning with anguish as she did so. Gideon's hands shot out instantly to offer her comfort. 
"You need a healer, Sienna. You're not self-healing and I don't know why. I'm going to get you out of here, don't you worry."
        "I'm...fine," she grunted in pain. "You should go find Esyth first."
He nodded yet he could not find it in his heart to just leave her there. She was practically defenseless. If at any other hour he was afraid to summon Hadaen, this was not one of them. He had no other choice. 
         Gideon looked at her now, studying her face. She was resting, eyes closed as she took long deep breaths. She needed a healer soon or else she wouldn't make it. And if Sienna were to die, it would be left entirely on his conscience. She had done this...put her life in danger for the sake of a woman who'd never been very fond of her. For his woman. 
And therefore, for him. He would be forever indebted to Sienna. But as he looked at her all he could feel was sadness and hurt in her energy. She had been all alone in this jail with no comfort, no one to help her as she'd faced the torment of Deorci's hand. Thinking of it all brought Gideon to ponder on that conversation he'd had with Abel Macintosh. He found himself desperately needing to hear her part of the story. 
         "Have you ever spoken to a man named Abel Macintosh?"
Her eyes flew wide open, her pupils shaking with raw guilt. Tears sprung to her eyes and she brushed at them before they went rolling down her cheeks. "Go ahead. What are you waiting for? Judge me. Taunt me like you and everyone else have. Say it! Sienna Rally is nothing but a two-bit whore!"
       Gideon shook his head. "The past is in the past, Sienna. Forgive me if I've ever treated you unfairly before. But I need to know how you two met."
Sienna let out a harsh breath, sniffling as she blinked back more tears. Talking alone seemed so hard for her to accomplish, her voice filled with so much damn emotion. "A-After my father found out that I'd been whoring away under his nose, he'd wanted to send me off to my aunt in Paldine."
         Now called Baamel," he interjected. 
"Baamel?"
"It's a long story. You'll find it all out once we get out of here."
     She looked at him curiously for a while but nodded and continued. "She was to take me in, teach me proper behaviour until I was ready to go back home," she said dryly. "I thought Father was banishing me. At least that was how it felt." She took a deep breath. "My aunt was supposed to meet my chaperone and me half way but...." She held her head low. 
"But what?"
     "I'd felt someone following us about eight miles out. I-I didn't know how to read energies at that time. But I knew something was wrong." She swallowed hard and breathed sharply through her nose. "We were ambushed at another mile out. Must have been ten men or so. They...they killed him, my chaperone. And took me to a camp in some woods. It was the first time I'd  seen.....Deorci in the flesh."
         "Sienna, you being scared is perfectly understandable. Don't beat yourself up." Gideon touched her gently on the arm, trying to reassure her.
         "I was told I was to be his slave. His c-concubine." She spoke with such conviction, the deplorable word rolled from her lips as if it was bitter to the taste. "I had no choice. He said he'd kill me if I didn't. So.....I did it. I let him fuck me like animal. I hated it," she spat. "I hated him. But afterwards, he'd touched me so gently...so sweetly. So I went to him willingly for days after that, and it had been so easy to fall in love with a man who'd made me feel so nice for once in my life. The one man who I'd been taught to hate." She didn't speak for awhile. It was as if she was silently fighting a battle with herself; there was a turmoil broiling inside her that no one would ever understand. "I hated myself for going against such an important Marujan rule. So I snuck out and kept running towards the nearest place I could find. I couldn't go to my aunt's anymore because she would have known what I'd done. I'd felt too guilty to face her. It was then that I'd found the Hub. Father Joseah had known who I was instantly. I begged him not to say anything to anyone. Not even my father." 
         Sienna stared across at Gideon sheepishly as if she expected him to come right out and scold her. But if that was what she was looking for then she was sadly mistaken. The only thing Gideon felt for her at the moment was sadness. Pure and utter sadness. 
"You were brave," he said finally. "And strong. You still are. Thank you for doing all this. I'm forever in your debt."
       Smiling weakly now, she let out a hoarse chuckle. "I can handle it. Now...don't sit here wasting your time talking to me. Go save your girl."
"I'm going to save you both."
       Gideon jumped to his feet, tapping into his mana again. It wasn't coursing as strongly as it should be and he was getting a bit concerned that it had something to do with Deorci. Not that it would surprise him at all if it had.
The moment he reached a successful contact with Hadaen, Gideon felt the quick powerful words of his eldest brother. 
        'Gideon? Gideon!' came Hadaen's crisp voice. 'Sit tight. Amelia contacted me. I know where you are. I'm coming. We're all coming--'
         And the contact was cut short before Gideon could input a word of his own. 
All he could tell was that he was getting a bit lightheaded, his knees giving way as he felt to the ground. A harsh throbbing ignited in his temples and he cried out in agony. It was as if his head was being smashed wide open. Burning tears rushed to his eyes as another painful tremor twisted through him. Gideon's anguished groan echoed throughout the room and bounced off the wall of the hell cell. 
           "Gideon!" he heard Sienna cry from some far distance away.
His throat tightened, his stomach clenched and twisted. A blistering heat ran up his arms and pulled at his muscles like a flesh-eating termite. If this was what dying felt like, he hoped it would all end quickly. 
       But dying was not an option either.
That was the last thought that had occurred to him before he fell out cold, drunk and dizzy with pain. 






































Chapter Nineteen

'The man who passes the sentence should swing the sword. If you
would take a man's life, you owe it
to him to look into his eyes and
hear his final words. And if you
cannot bear to do that, then
perhaps the man does not deserve to die.'
-George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones (A Song of Ice and Fire, #1) 

 
      Sweat trickled down his temples and into his eyes. 
  He wiped them with a swift swipe of his hand. 
      Time stood still for a while or perhaps he was just seeing things in slow motion. A distant buzzing stretched around him as he watched the probable two dozen Kankul soldiers march on to the wide empty field of what seemed to be a large colosseum, heavily lit with hundreds and hundreds of torches, and sealed by a metal domed roof. The place was built to keep all out...or all in. 
      They—the despicable kind he'd known to be the enemy for centuries as centuries more to come—came to a stop before the only opening; a large door directly before him some two hundred meters away. 
      Gideon wiped at his sweat again, sniffing and knowing already what was to come. The dusty fog, that was generated as the soldiers had walked heavily across the dirt-packed flooring, finally settled and a brisk breeze slapped against him before the air itself, too, went still. 
      Gideon did not know, for sure, where that breeze had come from. But it had come with the right timing, sending a rash of goose bumps across his bare arms. He wondered if Hadaen would make it there before or after he died. 
      Like hell he would! Gideon chuckled inwardly at his own thoughts. He had his own type of heaven to look forward to so dying was not on his life list. He arched a brow as the Kankul soldiers roared all at once, sending a wave of stinking breath towards him. For the life of him, the only thing Gideon could think about at the moment was how good his humor was getting, and that these Kankul fuckers had better step up their intimidation technique. 
      What did they expect him to do, cower like a bitch? Psssh! He was a third of the Marujan Dynasty. It was he that they should be intimidated by.
      Widening his stance and finding a newly found strength, Gideon met the gazes of each and every Kankul man on the field. The act that Deorci had pulled on him back in the cell a half hour ago had been cheap and cowardly. How the fiend had found a way to weaken his defenses was a mystery to him but he had no intention of ever letting it happen again. 
        Deorci wanted a fight? A fight he'd get. And one he'd sooner never forget! 
        Clenching his fists, he breathed deep, praying to The First for strength. This fight was for Esyth. He hadn't laid eyes on her for three years but he knew now that the universe could never be so cruel as to take her away from him. 
      And this fight was for Sienna. He squeezed his eyes just, sending out another short prayer that she'd survive. If it hadn't been for her....
      He shook his head. He was going to wring Deorci's neck and rip his fucking heart out, right before he gave him a well-anticipated ass-kicking!
      Gideon looked around him one last time before fastening his gaze on the bloodthirsty soldiers before him. To be honest, he'd expected to see more of them. Hundreds more. The fact that there were so little of them, gave his confidence an upward push. It meant that Deorci's defense wasn't as strong as he'd first thought. Whatever the case, he wouldn't just stand here and wonder. He needed to find Esyth and see that she's alright. The First knows, only that knowledge alone could keep him going. Gideon didn't know if revenge possessed the strength to drive him anymore. 
        Widening his stance, he wiped a trickle of sweat from his temple and stared at the soldiers. They are well protected in steel armor straight up to their wretched heads. Gideon smirked; things had certainly changed. Where had the days gone when they'd fight fists to bare fists, and with just the thin barrier of cloth on their backs. 
      Something must certainly be off that he was yet to notice. 
      "Why don't we all just skip the introductions and get on with this," Gideon shouted across the field, rolling away the knot in his shoulders and cracking his knuckles. "Deorci has got me right where he wants, right? Or is he too much of a pussy to face me now?"
      The soldiers neither flinched nor uttered a word. Gideon watched them as they but stared back at him for several more minutes. Just when he'd thought he could take the silence any longer, one of the soldiers stepped forward, his hand hovering over the handle of his sword. 
      "They always talk too much when they know they're about to be fucked my death himself," the soldier muttered with a drawl, encouraging a few snickers from the rest of the group. "Do tell us exactly how you'd like to die so we'll make it a bit easier on you."
      Gideon barked out a harsh laugh. These dumb fucks… "Show me what you've got."
The soldier smirked, glancing back at his fellow men and then returned to his original position alongside them. The more they all stood there staring at each other, the more Gideon grew anxious. If they were meant to fight, then why not fight and be done with it? Why the staring contest?
      Gideon shifted his feet restlessly. He was a firm believer in a fist-to-fist solution of problems and whoever won the fight must have been the party who had been in the ‘right’ from the beginning. 
      Yeah, he could picture himself beating all these fools into bloody pulps already.....and still have plenty of time and energy to spare to face Deorci. Gideon chuckled to himself and flexed his shoulders. His confidence alone was what kept him going during the harder parts of these days. And damn it, he didn’t want to sound to sound harsh but if he didn’t fucking love Esyth; he sure as hell wouldn’t be here right now. He’d be somewhere in his own kingdom sipping on a couple beers and a few games of chess. And maybe finding another naïve maiden to fool around with, all the while dodging the angry mama.
     Yeah…he would certainly not be here, stinking like a skunk from a lack of a good bath and waiting on Deorci’s idiot ass to show up. 
      As the seconds ticked by—and yes, somewhere in the depth of his subconscious, he was actually counting those seconds—Gideon fought against the urge to summon all the pent up anger he had been storing for all these long lonely years. He didn’t know he managed it, and only The First could explain it to him because he found himself uncharacteristically calm at the moment; when all he wanted to do was huff and puff and blow this fucking dungeon to pieces. But he needed to use his head in the matter; he had to think. Gideon had no idea when Hadaen would show up (he knew his brother would never let him down) but he had to play it safe for the time being. He had to remain calm. 
     For Esyth’s sake. 
…….you Gideon, have always been so special. I saw it in your eyes for the few moments I held you in my arms. You'll be the one to hold both your brothers up. They don't have the patient will like you do…..
   He could hear his mother’s words drifting through him like a calming breeze. Closing his eyes for the briefest of moments, Gideon inhaled deeply, focusing on the image of her beautiful face. He hadn’t known her and yet…. It was as if he had. He opened his eyes and blinked twice. Yeah…he had known her. She had lived within him all these years, giving him a strength that set him apart of everyone else. He was special, that’s what she’d told him and he believed it.
   He believed it. 
  Now all he had to do was focus on Esyth. She was everything to him. She…and his brothers. And Amelia too. They were a small and close knit family but they had been through a lot together; they were there for each other no matter what. Trust, dependability, love: his family. But now he wanted to explore and to enjoy all that that was meant to be his; to start his own family and to bathe in the love he knew was waiting for him with wide open arms. A love that he was more than willing to reciprocate. A love that he did reciprocate.
……. She'll be waiting for you. You'll know what to do, his mother had said. A slight smile twitched the corner of his lips as the image of his emerald-eyed darling came to him. Gideon glanced at the Kankul soldiers and smirked, cracking his knuckles. It was payback time and he knew firsthand and personally that payback was one hell of a bitch. 
    He chuckled humorlessly and shook his head. They fucked with his father…he was too young to fight back. They fucked with his kingdom...they’d lost that time. But they fucked with his woman… Big mistake! 
    When he left this damn stink hole, it will be swept off the damn map. And he sure as hell was not going to leave without Esyth.  
    
* * *

Deorci’s nose flared hotly as he observed the Marujan brother down in the field. Things were not going as he had planned. Why was the damn idiot so fucking calm?! He’d expected the filthy bastard to be stomping his way across the field, spewing his abominable red energy and wiping out his worthless soldiers already. It was plain and simple.
     Deorci was pissed. 
He ran the tip of his index finger along his jaw, thinking. He was half tempted to go down there and show the Marujan just what he was made of but one and only one reason alone stopped him… 
          His Plan B. 
Deorci smirked, the grin on his face a crooked attempt at a smile, as he rubbed his palms together in thought. He wanted all of them there when he decided to dispel his plan; and by all of them, he meant, all three Marujan brothers and whatever else fucking idiots they’d be bringing along with them. Including Malakai Baamel. 
    He’d learnt of the traitor’s whereabouts for some days now. Frankly, Deorci had thought the little fool had died…thrown himself over a cliff, better yet. But to know that Baamel was actually planning against him made him angry beyond belief. No….  Angry was a big understatement. He was feeling murderous. The man hadn’t been the best right-hand man and Deorci had disliked his presence for months, like a terrible itch crawling under his skin. But the mere fact that his ex-man was now teaming up with a Marujan made him want to rip his own damn heart out. Deorci chuckled. Well, his metaphorical heart. 
     Turning, he straightened the lapels of his long leather cloak and stared at the large eight-inch thick iron door directly before him. He gazed around his study, taking in all the ugly furniture and accessories. He smiled. He loved every piece of it. His eyes returned to the door. Behind it was the key to his victory over the Marujan kingdom this time and he had no intention of fucking his chance up. 
    His own kingdom was weakening…more than three-quarters of his men had been wiped out. He had to act today! Before the Marujan found out just how weak his stronghold was becoming and swopped in for the kill. He wasn’t naïve…and he wasn’t stupid either. All three brothers together against him would be a fight to the end. His end.  So, he had to prepare the best weapon he could discover and use it. It was his only choice. 
     Inhaling deeply, he summoned his own energy and held his hand up, whispering a slow chant. “Sinjei manaueri epii…”
    The door opened in one swift motion, creaking loudly and almost shaking the entire room. He released a heavy breath and stepped inside. There it was…his weapon. Deorci observed it thoroughly, feeling beyond pleased with and proud of himself. He smiled and crossed the empty room to take a better look at his possession. 
     “I know he’s here.”
Deorci chuckled and looked down the blonde beauty, he green eyes sharp with the highest levels of hatred and disgust. He’d kept her comfortable despite the fact she irritated him beyond belief. She was his now. At least, for now. “He is.”
     “You…won’t…win.” She said each word with firm shakes of her head.
“Sweetheart, I’ve already won…” And he reached out to touch her face.
   She grimaced and drew back. “Don’t you dare touch me. I hate you!” And she grunted deeply, working up a fat blab of phlegm and spat it in his face. 
    His nose flared and his mouth curled into a snarl that could make any grown-ass man piss his pants. And this was one of his good days. Deorci flicked the mass of saliva from between his brows and looked at her silently for a while. She looked back, chest heaving with fury and dread and eyes wide with open contempt. 
    Then he grabbed her by the throat, her sparkling green eyes now glittering with fright and fresh new tears. He had her pinned up against the wall, his grip only tightening around her neck by the second. He was a man without a conscience, man with no remorse whatsoever…and certainly no care about any other fuck but himself. So when he had the Marujan’s bitch by the throat, and with most of his intention geared at crushing her damn windpipe, he expected her to believe that he would do just that. 
    “Let me tell you one time!” he growled so close to her face, spittle rained all over it. “Do not fuck with me. I will cut you from end to end and send you off as minced meat to your beloved boyfriend, you got that?”  She didn’t answer so he grabbed her harder, encouraging a pained wince from her trembling lips. Her eyes actually bulged, and it satisfied him.  “Do you understand me?” He even nodded for her.
     Esyth clawed at his hand, wheezing loudly as she tried to fight him off, her feet kicking against his shins as hard as she could. But to no avail. Nodding frantically, she jammed her fingernails into his knuckles and released her anguish in a pained groan. 
     Then he released her. She fell to the floor in a crumble, clutching her then bruised neck and blinking wildly as she fought to regain her oxygen debt. Then she glared up at him and coughed. “You ”-coughs-“you son of a bitch!”
    Deorci chuckled and turned away, heading in the direction of the door. He’d had enough of this. It was time for the Marujans to meet their true maker. Flicking up his collar, he swaggered from the room and slammed the door shut behind him, cracking his knuckles and grinning. 
    Yup, shit was definitely about to go down! 

       The moment, he stepped out into the darkness of the hallway leading from his private quarters, Deorci’s instincts went beyond that of his normal capacity…or rather, that which he would normally allow himself to do on a regular basis. He stopped momentarily in his tracks and inhaled deeply, enraged by the change in the air. Running both hands through long thickness of his hair, he stood akimbo, tapping his foot lightly. 
    Where the fuck was his guards? 
    You know what, fuck those idiots!  He marched down the hall, the hair on the back of his neck standing ramrod straight. Something was definitely off and he was not pleased about it. Not pleased at all.  He strode around a corner, basically flew down the long staircase and then down a much more secluded hallway. It was the one that lead to his dungeons, where he kept his prisoners and concubines.  He peered down the long stretched hall, his blood now boiling. Still no damn guards. He didn’t know why he even had the fools! He might as well just kill them all and be done with it! 
    As he passed by each door, he peered through the tiny barred window on each, observing the prisoners inside. He counted them off too.  One…
  Two… Yeah, that’s it.
        Three…. Just two more. He cracked his knuckles. You got this!
Four… 
    He glanced inside once and then away, prepared to move along to the last door when something caught his eye. Well, to be exact nothing caught his eye.  Deorci spun on his heel immediately, jaws clenched tight as he knocked the door down with one slam of his right palm.  And for a moment, he just stood there. Staring. Wondering what the fuck had happened. There was a thunderous anger rising up within him and for a moment, he wanted to howl the whole damn place down. But then again, he was not the ‘howling’ the type and ‘howling’ did not sit well with him either. 
      So, he swallowed down the uncharacteristic yell and exhaled one harsh breath. He stared around the empty jail one last time and then looked at the dark ceiling. And then…
And then…he laughed. He laughed because he knew exactly what had happened. He knew that he simply was not hallucinating and there really was no prisoner inside the room with him. In other words, he knew he wasn’t fucking stupid and that meant the red-head Marujan wench had escaped. 
    ESCAPED! Deorci shook his head and chuckled. Yup, he was screwed. And not only because he knew she had escaped but because he knew the youngest Marujan brother was currently cornered by his other dimwit soldiers in the field. And he also knew that there was absolutely no way the bitch could have gotten out all by herself either. 
    So that meant… Fuck it! There was no use thinking it anyway. 
The other fucking Marujans were here. And this time… This time, he laughed a little harder. 

        Did you get her here out?
Gideon looked on at the Kankul soldiers as he talked telepathically with his brother, Hadaen. From earlier correspondence, he found out that Haden had arrived some ten minutes ago with a few others in tow. Amelia had managed to contact him long before Gideon had regained consciousness in Deorci’s jail and given him the coordinates to the dungeon. 
    Yes! I think Deorci just realized she’s missing though. He’s very close to us now. I can smell him as if he’s right under my nose. 
     Gideon chose to refrain from saying that Deorci was in fact right under his brother’s nose and kept his expression passive as to not give himself away to the watchful soldiers. 
       OK! What do I do now?
Just remain where you are. Remember, we want to make this sweep as quick and clean as possible. We’ve already caught Deorci off guard and we’ve managed to wipe out the rest of his guards. \
     Gideon fought against the urge to screw up his face. Well, this is boring… Just standing here waiting on something to happen. Come on, man! I wanna kick some ass!
              You want something to do? 
Hell, yea!  He cracked his knuckles and flexed his shoulders in his mind.  
    Find a good fucking explanation to give me as to why there is this fucking Kankul soldier here right now breathing down my fucking neck!
Gideon chuckled inwardly. Oh, he’d totally forgotten about that part. Malakai’s presence must have shocked and angered the hell out Hadaen. Oh, about that. Amelia can explain for me. She understands. 
     She’s the only one stopping me from killing HIM and then choking the life out of you after! What the hell were you thinking?
   I’ll explain everything later. 








Chapter Twenty

     Gideon cut the contact before Hadaen could say another word.  Both fists clenched,  he looked on as the Kankul soldiers chatted good-naturedly among themselves. The scene annoyed him beyond any imaginable belief and he'd seriously started to reconsider Hadaen's advice. He couldn't just stand there and do nothing while Deorci could be off somewhere choking the life out of the woman he loved. Yeah, he loved her alright; and he didn't need to convince himself of the fact anymore. 
   His mana coursed strongly through his veins, burning to a heat that once was released would mean utter harm to whatever it came in contact with. He could feel it seeping within, rising like steam to his head. At that moment, he knew his eyes were blood red. He knew because each and every one of the soldiers stopped what they were doing and stood gaping at him. 
   He wondered a moment about their surprised expressions. Hadn't they ever been to battle before? Haven't they ever seen a Marujan angry? A face-splitting grin transformed his face. Today would be their lucky day. He took one step forward and—
   Gideon! Hadaen's voice pounded in his head again. Have you lost your fucking mind? I told you to stay put!
         I need to do this.....
   No, you don't. You need to keep your ass quiet and alive...for Esyth. Leave the soldiers up to us. 
      Sorry, big brother. Too late.
Gideon! Damn it, I am going to beat the shit out of you when this is all over. I can't believe—
   Gideon shrugged and rolled his shoulders as the soldiers came to full attention before him. He'd pretty much blocked out everything Hadaen said pass that point. Quite frankly, he didn't care about what his brother had to say. He was going to do this his way or no way at all.  
   "So which one of you assholes are up first?" he chuckled softly. None of them moved. Gideon shrugged. "None? Okay. Then I nominate....." He pretended to search through the terrified group and then pointed directly at one soldier who was shaking so badly, he looked as if he'd piss himself at any moment. "You."
     The Kankul soldier shrunk back, neither of his colleagues looking sorry for him, just sorry that they would have to watch what was destined to happen to them in a couple minutes. Gideon chuckled at this realization. It was going to be an easy conquest, alright. 
     He lifted one arm just barely...and every man scattered as far away from him as they could. It was a hilarious sight, really, but he did not feel in the mood for laughing one bit. He was in the mood to kill....to destroy, to unleash total obliteration on all things Kankul. He inhaled deeply, summoning the full strength of his mana. 
   And then he let it go in one full thrust of his arms. Red light crackled fiercely in waves of sizzling electricity as it struck the earth between them, refracting intensely onto all that it was meant for. Gideon closed his eyes, reveling in the feeling; the sensation of satisfaction. The sweet taste of revenge was like icing on his tongue with an extra touch of whip cream. 
   He could hear the agonized cry of the men; it only served to push him further. He blocked out all else and focused on the task at hand: vengeance. Well-deserved vengeance.
 It brought him back to those years as a boy; his very first glimpse of war. The war that had taken his father. The pain was still lodged in his heart and only this would take it away. Images flew through his mind; some broken and some as clear as daylight. He could see their last attack all those centuries ago when Hadaen had just lost Amelia. So many of his people had been murdered doing just what they ought to be doing: protecting their own. Deorci had swooped in without mercy, without an inkling of remorse. It was a day not very different from the rest; a day when villagers were out doing their regular businesses, nobles were busy overseeing the villages...and children were out playing. So many children...
   Gideon's jaws clenched tighter. He decided that no amount of remorse or apology could erase that. He would not forget and he would not forgive either. Too many lives were involved and too many were already at stake. This feud against Deorci would end today. 
     But he continued to strike out at the Kankul soldiers, even knowing that they would be like char by now. A tear trickled down his face but he kept his eyes squeezed shut, afraid that if he opened them, he'd feel the pain even more. Or that he'd feel some form of regret. 
     And then he saw her face. Gideon gasped, the tears flowing freely down and over his cheeks now. He could see her face, beautiful as ever, her long blonde tresses flowing over those slender creamy shoulders. His eyes flew wide open. Was he dreaming? No. Nothing so sweet and pure could ever be unreal. Esyth stood firmly across the field from him, her radiance calling to him like Heaven's light to his soul. She smiled. He smiled back through his tears, swatting them away with his hands. 
     Esyth held an arm out. She beckoned to him, telling him to come to her. His feet moved instantly, bringing him across the field and to his lover in a heartbeat. She gazed up into his face with such loving eyes he thought his chest would burst open with joy. Her small hand reached up, cupping his left cheek. 
   "I love you..." he murmured hoarsely, barely managing to find his own voice. And she just looked at him, staring blankly up in his eyes. Esyth blinked twice, a frown transforming her beautiful face. No. Gideon held his breath, hoping against the possibility that she might not recognize him. That alone would crush him to a pulp of no return. His heart tugged at his chest painfully, a heavy lump lodging in his throat as he spoke. "Say something..."
     Her small lips parted, moved as her mouth opened as if to speak. But nothing came out. Gideon reached for her, gulping frantically as Esyth's eyes filled with thick tears. 
     What was going on?
 An explosion echoed fiercely behind him and Gideon lurched forward, his hands rushing to cover his eyes as smokes of dust blew up around them.
     "Gideon!" It was Hadaen's voice. 
"Over here!" he yelled back, despite the fact that he could not see him. "Esyth is--" He coughed. "Esyth is right here!"
   "Esyth?" Amelia's voice came a abruptly, shaky with concern. "Damn it, I can't see a thing!"
   "Just stay where you are, Gideon. We'll come to you!!"
     Gideon nodded and squinted but he still could not make out his brother or sister-in-law. But they were there and at least that made him feel a bit better. Now all he had to do was make sure Esyth was all right. He spun back around. 
   "Esyth, are you—”
       His eyes met large white teeth spread into a wide grin that bordered on wolfish. He then looked up instantly, gaze meeting those of the cold eyes of that ruthless bastard: Deorci. 
   "It's amazing what a simple illusion can do, isn't it?" the bastard uttered. 
   Gideon shrunk back a step, his thoughts going wild now. What the fuck--? For a moment he felt as if he was going to black out. His brain felt like jello right then. He was finding it so hard to come up with something coherent to say. Every damn time he thought he'd found her... This was it. He's had enough of this bullshit now! What he wanted was to get Esyth and retire from all this bullshit hunting all over the fucking place. He needed closure from all this crap; and then enjoy a well-needed rest from reality. Just for a while. Gritting his teeth, he narrowed his gaze on Deorci. "Fine!" He even made a show of throwing his hands up in defeat. "You've got me right where you want me, don't you? Give it your best shot."
     Deorci grinned, a devilish flint in his dark eyes as he rubbed a hand over his beard. "Does not sound altogether bad at all, Gideon Maruj. Especially since I've noticed how  you and your friends have...ambushed my dungeon." Deorci crossed his arms and peered viciously across at him. "I don't like it one bit. The recognition itches me deeply in the ass."
     Gideon gathered up all the phlegm he could garner from deep inside his throat and spat it at his enemy's feet. "I don't give a fuck about what itches you. I'm here for Esyth and I'm not leaving without her." He took one careful step closer. "You might want to—"
     "Gideon! Where the hell are you, man?" It was Hadaen's voice. It sounded just a few meters away. He could hear the harsh crunching and grinding of gravel below boots.
   Gideon swallowed thickly, never averting his gaze from Deorci, not even for the slightest second. He wanted to catch every blink the bastard took. So he kept his mouth shut despite the desperately concerned bellowing coming from his brother and sister-in-law. If anything were to happen, he'd want Deorci to take him. At least he'd know his family would be desperately following behind, trying to find him. And the odds were that Hadaen would catch up eventually. 
   Gideon's eyes narrowed on the bastard as he hissed softly, "Where is Esyth?" 
 Deorci grinned softly. The arrogant ass-wipe. "Precisely where I left her, Maruj. Care to join her? And please say yes. You would simply ruin my day if you refuse."
   "I don't give a fuck—"
          "I take that as you giving consent."
   And before Gideon could manage another intake of breath, he was snatched harshly by the throat, the living breath almost knocked right out of his lungs. His hand reached out, trying to wrestle out of Deorci's death grip but he couldn't. They were spinning... It was like he was being carried by a swift moving tornado. His head spun, his stomach churned…. He could almost feel the metallic taste of vomit rising in his throat. 
   Gideon gasped, his vision dulling to a hazy blur as he tried to make sense of what was happening to him. Was this death? 
   And then he came to a sharp stop, the grip loosening from his so abruptly, he almost started to miss the painful support. Momentarily swaying on his feet Gideon clutched his belly, feeling sick to his stomach. He had just slumped quite heavily to his knees, the pain of that outweighed by the sudden pounding in his head, when he heard a subtle cry. 
     "Gideon!" He knew that voice. Gideon groaned loudly; sweat now beading his forehead and neck. What was happening to him? Then he felt two very small hands circle his waist from behind. "Gideon? Say something goddamn it!" 
     "Esyth?" he managed to croak, hunching over as a cold tremor shot through him. Oh shit, he was going to throw up! 
     "Yes, yes it's me." Then he felt her pushing him down towards the ground. It was then that he managed a look at her. She looked like an angel. Just as he'd remembered her; that long unruly mass of blonde hair that he loved so much, those beautiful green eyes. Maybe he was dying. But her eyes were frantic as she looked up away from him. "We have to get out of here! Where's Deorci? Did you come alone? Why would you come alone?" Her lips trembled as she spoke and then she looked down at him, frowning fiercely. "Why aren't you answering me? Are you sick?" Her palms patted swiftly against his neck and forehead.  "Oh hell, you're burning up! He did something to you?"
     Gideon stared up at her, his head now snuggly resting against the softness of her lap. She really was beautiful. So beautiful. If only he could get back the feeling in his arms..... He reached up to touch her cheek. 
   Esyth swatted his hand away. "How exactly are you feeling, Gideon? Dizzy? Weak? Nauseous??"
   Gideon groaned, wincing as another pained sliced through his gut. "All of the above." His mouth was over-salivating now, just like it always did before one was to throw up. "Ohhh shit..." He swallowed down the salty fluid gathering in his mouth. "I hadn't...pictured it being like this."
   For a moment she looked confused; dainty brows, just a shade darker than the hair on her head, knitting into a deep frown. Then her face fell almost dramatically, eyes watering now. Esyth sniffled as she cupped his cheek gently. "I love you too, Gideon. I've missed you and now that you're here, I don't want to waste any time that could be used to get us out of this place. I...I want to be able to tell you I love you over and over again until you get tired of me saying it."
     Gideon chuckled weakly. "If I had just a little more strength, I'd show you exactly what it means to me to hear you say that." Then he coughed, his face growing paler and paler by the second. "If only I..."
   Esyth gritted her teeth and clasped his face in her hands. Her voice shook with desperation and anger as she spoke, the pent-up tears now escaping their barrier and spilling down her face. One wild teardrop splattered heavily against his forehead. 
     "Don't you dare say it!" she almost shouted. "Don't you dare tell me goodbye." Gideon opened his mouth as if to speak and she crushed her lips against his, afraid of what his words might have been. She kissed him deeply too, all the frustration, love and hurt poured out into the one act. She loved this man and she had no intention of losing him. And Esyth knew her love was returned. She didn't need to hear the words to know exactly how Gideon felt about her. His actions alone told her all she needed to know. He'd risked his life to save her. When she did break the kiss, her eyes were narrowed to determined slits. "I mean, Gideon! Don't you...dare. I will slap the shit out of you!" Then she pressed her forehead against his, smiling as she inhaled his scent: all man. "I forgot how stubborn you are..." 
     Gideon chuckled and tucked a few hair tendrils behind her hair, the glitter of her eyes promising a hope that he knew he could rely on. "And I forgot how dangerous you are to my ego..." He groaned and stretched upwards to sit, flexing his fingers as the feeling was slowly creeping back into them. "Will you ever give a man a break? How do you tell a dying man you're gonna slap the shit out of him?"
     Esyth sighed dreadfully and rolled her eyes. "You weren't actually dying. You were momentarily weakened. Deorci must have drugged you or something. That's exactly how I felt when I first got here that night three years ago." Esyth paused when she saw his eyes darken and rushed on. "I guess it only lasts a few minutes so you'll be fine. In the meanwhile, we have got to get out of here. Deorci intends to use you to lure Hadaen and the others here so he can trap them!"
   Blowing out a firm whistle, Gideon managed to reach to his feet, flexing his slightly fatigued legs. "Nice plan."
   She nodded. "Yeah. His regime is blown to pieces. He only has a single team left down in some field, I heard him talking about."
   Gideon smirked. "There is no team. I blasted those fuckers back to Hades some time ago. But if what you're saying his true...." He paced back and forth a moment. "Then that means Deorci is all alone."
   Esyth tugged on his arm impatiently. "Yes! But we've got to get out of here. Haven’t you been listening? I think there is something weird going on about this room. My powers are not working here.” She gave the room on quick onceover and shuddered. We have GOT to leave!"
     Gideon nodded, forcing back a grin. She was as bossy as she'd always been. And he wouldn't have her any other way. He pulled her up to the only apparent exit he saw: a large wide door that seemed as if it was welded in. Hell, he'd need his mana at its peak to open this one. Gideon took one look at the goddess next to him and smiled. She made him feel as if he could accomplish anything.
     He had taken a deep breath, summoning his mana from his core, and his right palm pressed against the cold exterior of the door when he felt her arm circle his waist. He looked down and saw her looking back, eyes glossy and damp. Aw hell, she wasn't going to cry again, was she?
   Esyth opened her mouth to speak, bottom lip quivering, and then slammed it back shut. Swallowing down the lump of emotion lodged in her throat, she sighed and met his eyes firmly this time. "Th...thanks for c-coming back for me." 
   Gideon felt something twitch inside him, an electric bolt running up and down his spine. Damn, this woman certainly knew how to make him feel. A small burning reached its way to his eyes. Oh shit, now he wanted to cry! Tugging her into his arms, Gideon crushed her slender curves against him, running his hands along the curve if her back and over his ass. Esyth blinked, gripping into the front of his shirt. 
   "Baby, I couldn't stay away even if I wanted to!" he hissed, to tone of his voice, begging her to see this. He then captured her lips in a swift kiss, his tongue exploring and getting a taste of all the promised pleasures that was yet to come. He could stand here kissing her forever if he had his way but like she'd said, they needed to get out of there. "Now let's go wring the neck of a certain asshole so that I can get some of this ass!" 
   He gave her a firm slap on the butt and grinned. The delighted shriek that had escaped her lips only made him harder.  

 * * * 

‘He didn’t know what was defeating him, but he sensed it was something he could not cope with, something that was far beyond his power to control or even at this point in time comprehend.’
― Hubert Selby Jr., Requiem for a Dream 
 
        Even his feet were threatening to fail him! 
He had to think of something quick! Deorci marched down the long dark hall leading out to the open field that marked the exit of his dungeon. His plan was not working. The other Marujans were supposed to follow the fool. It would have been an easy capture then for he had incensed that room from floor to ceiling. Yeah, he knew that much about the Marujans’ life source—their prana.  Incense weakened them, made them momentarily disoriented. They would not have access to their powers for minutes and that had been his plan all along: to get them all together in that room and set it ablaze with a roaring endless fire. 
     His right foot slammed hard against a rock near the wall and he growled heavily, cursing all the gods to hell. He was screwed. No…he was fucking screwed and even he knew when to admit that. His regime was completely wiped out so he had no one there to use to buy him more time for escape. He had to leave before they caught up on him. Perhaps then he’d manage to find a new hideaway, some new willing men and plot a new scheme all over again. Deorci nodded to himself. Yea, that would work. That’s what he’d do. He would not go down like this. Before he took his very last breath—and that’s if he ever did anyway—he’d see to it that the entire Marujan kingdom was obliterated.  
    Taking a sharp turn, he shrugged off his annoyingly flapping coat and flung it to the ground. He didn’t need it anyway. Sweat beaded his nose as he dismissed the sudden feeling of defeat that was slithering its way into his head. He did need such thoughts now. He turned right now, nearly flying around another corner and slammed straight into a wall. 
“Going somewhere?”
    “Fuck!” Deorci let out a furious breath and shook his head fiercely as he looked up.  Okay, so it wasn’t a wall. Quite frankly, he would have preferred if  it had been a wall that he’d slammed into because at least then he could just shrug  it off and get on his way. He sighed and ran a hand over his then loosened hair. This is going a long day!  He clenched his jaws tightly, trying desperately to maintain his composure. “Malakai, I thought you were dead.”
     The boy barked out a laugh. “You thought I was dead? Come on. We haven’t seen each  other in three long years and that’s all you have to say?”
  “Yes, yes. Now get out of my way!” Deorci reach out, shoving Malakai by the shoulder. To his surprise, he hadn’t even moved the boy an inch. Narrowing his eyes suspiciously on his ex-right-hand-man, Deorci pulled back his hand and raised an eyebrow. “You’ve grown, I see.”
    Malakai gave him a wide grin, a mocking one at that. “Not a boy anymore, you realize.  Not Malakai of the Kankuls anymore, Deorci,” he spat distastefully. “I’ve made a name for myself.”
     Deorci could help but laugh. So the boy was here to kiss up to him then? Alright, he could accept that. As long as he was quick about it. “Let me guess? You want to come back, don’t you? There’s no need to grovel, really—”
    “You are one stupid piece of shit!” Malakai snarled, eyes burning with insult and fury. “Does the name Baamel ring a bell, Deorci? No? Thought so.  Doesn’t matter anyway. Long story short: I’m here for your head.” 
    Yea, join the line, fool. Deorci thought, getting extremely frustrated now. He needed to be on his way. And if it meant killing the boy, then so be it. “You and  Marujans and every-fucking-body else! Now move!” 
     This time, it was Malakai who threw the first punch…and it connected him squarely in the face. Deorci had felt and heard the crunch of his own nose breaking as he was slammed rather forcefully into the adjacent wall. Damn it, when had the boy gotten so strong? Before he knew it, the boy had him by the throat,  fingers digging into his windpipe. Managing to throw Malakai a solid uppercut, Deorci wrenched from the death-grip and gasped, clutching his throat and wiping his bloody nose with the other hand. Anger spurted through him like sparks from a fire. Now, he really had no choice but to kill him. At his feet, Malakai was momentarily slumped on his knees and taking in swift sharp breaths. Breathing hard himself, Deorci summoned his dark energy and reached down, grabbing the boy by his collar and landing  him another eye-popping uppercut. 
          Malakai wheezed and shoved away in lightning fast speed. He then reared back and slammed in his fist into his ex-leader’s jaw, cracking his jaw and sending the arrogant bastard hard into the wall again. Deorci slid down the wall and fell like a heap on the floor. 
    “I’ve got it now!” Malakai spun around quickly, trying to locate who had just spoken. He could here running feet coming from up the dark hall. It wasn’t for a moment that he made out Gideon  Maruj rushing  towards him, a familiar-looking blonde leading the way. Then the woman drew to an abrupt stop, the Marujan slamming into her back, both almost falling over. “What’s he doing here?” 
     “Shh,” Gideon murmured. “He’s the one who helped me find this place.”
“What? You expect me to believe—”
“I expect you to trust me,” he said firmly, staring deeply into her eyes. 
   Esyth frowned and then looked over at Malakai who was staring at something—rather someone—slouched over on the floor.  Inching closer, she narrowed her eyes on the figure and then shrunk back almost immediately. Grabbing on to Gideon’s arm, she muttered, “That’s Deorci! What happened?” She turned to look at Malakai. “What happened here?”
    “Knocked him out, that’s what happened,” Malakai grumbled. He looked pointedly at Gideon. “What now?” 
       Esyth chewed on her lip and then gasped. “The spell! I’ve been working on it for two years. We have to use it. I have to do it. Now. Before he wakes up!”
    “What spell?” Malakai and Gideon asked. 
“It’s…it’s a transfer spell…” She paced back and forced, tapping her fingers against her temples. “It’ll send him far away from here, I can tell you that.”
    “How far?” Gideon said. 
“Straight back to his maker: Hades.”
    All three exchanged contemplative looks but it was Malakai who spoke. He nodded and rubbed his palms together. “Okay; far enough.” 
     “Okay, okay. You two are going to need to step back,” she said, ushering both men aside. “I have to do this right. I might only have one shot.” Esyth stepped anxiously up to Deorci’s unconscious body and did not waste a moment. She got right to it. She’d waiting for this moment for a very long time.  “Shalem cuhnek marle seiiii….cortehhk morahles Hadeea…sehkare!”
    “Are you sure you’ve got this right? You won’t end up going with him this time?” Gideon’s voice came, dripping in worry. A sharp elbow from Malakai hushed him up.  
“Shut up!” Esyth grounded out between clenched teeth. “I know what I’m doing!” She repeated the spell again and Gideon stepped back as they saw a deep black fog forming up from the ground and around them. Esyth continued chanting. “Shalem cuhnek marle seiiii….cortehhk morahles Hadeea…sehkare! Shalem cuhnek marle seiiii….cortehhk morahles Hadeea…sehkare!!”
   The fog grew thicker, surrounding them more swiftly, rushing like a spear towards Deorci’s form. He stirred a second, causing them all anxious flinches. What if he woke up? What if they were too late? What if the spell didn’t work? There was an eerie sound, a high-pitched screeching that rose up along the path of the fog. 
      Gideon on as Esyth’s green glow now shot out and around her like a blazing fire. Her hair stood up straight on her head, her body gently levitating. It was working! He tried not to smile…yet. 
     Deorci stirred again, this time his eyes fluttering open. Esyth chanted harder, fiercer; the fright in her voice now evident. “What…what the—” He attempted to move but the fog encircled him, pushing him back down. “What the hell are you doing to me? Get this shit off me now!” But Esyth continued to chant, the screeching continued and neither Gideon nor Malakai moved an inch.  Deorci fought against the surrounding voice, but it only entrapped him further until he was completely surrounded and covered by it.  Esyth said the chant one last time before her voice fell to a low pitch and she uttered, “Bye bye, bitch!” 
        The screeching ceased. The fog swelled and twisted swirling like a tornado until there was nothing. 
Absolutely nothing!  
     All three stood there, mouths agape and they stared at…nothing. Deorci was…gone?
   “Deorci is gone,” Esyth muttered slowly. She even sounded as if she could hardly believe it.  She reached an arm out to Gideon who immediately pulled her towards him. He dropped a kiss on the top of her head and grinned.  
   “Yeah, I can’t believe it but he’s gone.” He spun her around t face him, the grin on his face reaching ear to ear. “You did, babe! You did it.”
    Esyth giggled, blowing out a breath of relief and sank her face into his chest. “We did it, babe.” 
     They stood there for a moment in silence until Malakai’s irritated voice drifted through the air, “Damn it, I was looking forward to having the bastard’s head!” 
   Esyth and Gideon chuckled together. He then held out a hand to Malakai who shook it readily. “Me too, man. But he’s gone. Just…thanks…for everything.”
   Malakai shrugged. “Hey, we all wanted the same thing. No big deal. I’ll see you around.” And he turned to walk off.
   “You’re leaving?” Esyth murmured. 
Malakai smiled and gave her a wink. “I’ve got my own shit to hold down.”
“So I’ll see you around then, Baamel?” Gideon asked.
  “I still don’t like you, Maruj. We’re enemies, don’t forget that.” He then grinned and wiped a palm over his beard. “But you’re alright.” 
     Gideon watched as Malakai Baamel strutted off down the hall and disappeared from their view. He then averted his gaze to the woman standing before him. Finally! He could take her home now and—
      “GIDEON!” It was Hadaen.
“Shit, here we go again!” he whined, clutching Esyth tighter to him. When would he get a break? In a minute, he saw his brother rushing towards him with Amelia at his side. 
     “We know what happened,” Hadaen said, breathlessly. “I felt it.” He then looked at Esyth and smiled. “You alright?”
“I’m okay,” she replied, eyeing Amelia sheepishly Then in a second both women were embracing each other, crying and sobbing and doing all that women did at a time like this. 
    Hadaen chuckled and pulled his brother aside. “You did this Gideon! You made this happen for us. The Marujan kingdom owes it to you.”
    Gideon grinned. “Well…does that mean I was right to not listen to you?”
“No!” Hadaen snapped. “And don’t do it again. You could have been killed. Now there’s something else that we have to deal with.”
    Frowning, Gideon stared at his brother, waiting. “What? What is it? Will it take long ‘cause I need to—”
    “Faolan is engaged.”
Gideon stopped talking and laughed. “You must be joking. Naaa. You are joking! To who?” 
“I’m serious,” Hadaen  said, reaching into his coat pocket and shoving a piece of paper into Gideon’s hand. “I got this yesterday.”
    Gideon snatched the paper and read through the handwriting swiftly. His mouth was wide open and his eyes popping when he was finished.  He then looked up at Hadaen and whispered, “And we’re invited.” 
     Hadaen   nodded and folded his arms over his chest. Gideon sighed and rubbed his eyes. Boy was he tired! He needed to get Esyth home immediately and he was desperately in need of a bath, some good solid food….and  definitely some sex.
      “The adventure never ends, does it?” Haden muttered.
     Shoving back the paper, Gideon sighed. 
“Yeah, well you started it… Over seven fucking centuries ago.” 
     

END
  




Did you like Gideon, Book 2 of The Marujan Brothers Series?
Stay tuned and look out for Faolan’s story, the last installment of the trilogy…coming in 2015!!


About The Author 

Hannah-Lee Hitchman is a Jamaican who wrote her first book at the age of 11. She enjoys creating a world, through her writing, in which persons often yearn for. Publishing her first two books on the Amazon Kindle at age 17, she had fulfilled a life-long dream. Writing is her passion, and even though she finds other activities thrilling (drawing, painting, surfing the web and hanging-out with friends), she always ends up around her laptop (or library computer), typing a way and getting absorbed in another upcoming book....
 At age 9, she came 2nd in an island-wide Wellness Essay Competition, won a short-story contest in High School and continues to aspire for becoming a world-known author someday. Her favourite authors include Nora Roberts, James Patterson, Danielle Steele, Teresa McCarthy, Sienna Mynx and many She is currently a prospective university student in the Sciences field.

