Gorky Park Illusions


A Kat Johnson Mystery


By William Wresch
Copyright 2021 William Wresch
Smashwords Edition



Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.


12 FBI agents meet at a lodge in northern Wisconsin.  They lock themselves in a meeting room for a week.  When they leave, one agent stays behind - Sara.  Within a day, the Russians come for her.  They come electronically first.  Catherine takes a simple drive to town and finds her bus has been hacked.  It will go where it wants to go.  Her phone starts sending her a message.  B A GD GRL.  Every piece of electronics she owns is now controlled remotely.  The internet is blocked.  Isolated on a small lake surrounded by forest, Catherine tries to protect Sara.
Within a week she and Sara are taken to Russia, back to a woman she had married years earlier.  Held in a cottage deep in the forests outside Moscow, she becomes the caretaker of a four year old girl with her own strange history.  She must protect that child and somehow get Sara back to the U.S.  
Chapter 1
The Girls


The girls knew they were princesses.  They lived in a castle.  Their mother called it a “lodge,” but the girls knew better.  It was a castle deep in the forest.  It had a room for feasting, and a hall for entertaining and dancing.  Upstairs it had guest suites for six nobles and their ladies.  Surrounding the castle was miles of forest, and their own private lake.
Having watched Disney’s Beauty and the Beast dozens of times, the girls knew all the clocks in the castle watched them – and smiled.  The candelabra on the dining room table reached out their arms to hold candles just for the girls.  And the huge tea kettle now held coffee, but the girls knew it was the tea kettle that took charge of the kitchen when the people went to bed.  As for the antler chandeliers, well, one day the spell would break and beautiful deer would descend from the tall ceilings and walk majestically back out into the forest. 
There was no beast.  Their father had growled and sobbed and roared when their mother had been killed.  They had heard him standing behind their grandmother’s house and howl into the winter winds racing across the Russian Steppes.  But his hands had never been claws.  His hands had been soft and gentle as he held his girls.  His chest had been warm as he pulled them to him.  His shoulders had been the perfect height as he knelt for them to cry against him.
A year had passed and another winter had approached when he drove the hours to Moscow and parked beside Gorky Park.  Their new mother had raced to them and knelt on the lawn to hug them.  Unbelievably tall.  And beautiful.  Obviously a queen.  A captive.  She had sat with the girls while they sailed their toy boats in the park.  She had sat close to their father.  She held his hand.
Their new mother liked to give hugs, and she held the girls’ hands as she walked them to their school.  And she was always waiting when the school day was over.  She made pretty dresses for the girls.  Pretty, but warm.  And she made long skirts for herself.  She cooked with their grandmother, she sat with the girls while they watched TV, she sat close to their father, the two keeping each other warm through the long Russian winter.
A year passed and the captive queen was rescued.  Grandmother stayed behind, but the queen insisted that their father and the girls go with her to America.  The ride back to Moscow had been long, the flight to America endless.  But then, when the girls had slept and waken and slept again, they arrived at the castle in the forest.  It was huge.  A stone fireplace rose two stories over the great hall.  Glass walls showed off the endless forest and the huge lake.  The kitchen was bigger than their Russian home.  A double staircase rose up to the second floor guest rooms.  The girls spent two days running through the castle, always finding yet another room.
It was October.  The month for magic.  The girls went to their new American school and made new friends.  They learned about Halloween and Trick or Treat and costumes.  The queen made them the only costumes they would ever want – princess gowns of satin.  Gowns flowing behind them as they walked into school.  Gowns that they gathered around them as they sat at their desks.  Gowns they raised – gently and daintily - as they climbed onto the school bus.  Gowns that all mothers admired as their queen drove them through the streets of Wausaukee, and they held out sacks that filled with candy.  October.  The magic month.  Their first month in America.
Now, a year had passed.  Another October approached.  Time for new gowns.  The princesses had grown, and they had worn out the old gowns in many places.  Hems had split when the girls had tripped while running.  Skirts had caught drips of this and that while sitting at the banquet table.  The queen had started on their year’s gowns.  But it was going slowly.  The queen entertained noble ladies each weekend.  She took the ladies out in her small bus, out to fish or hunt or search for wild flowers.  Out to draw or paint or sculpt ice.  Out.  Out into her endless forest.  The queen must be a hostess.  The queen must teach and entertain.
So the girls waited.  The noble ladies left Sunday evening.  Monday the queen would wash sheets and clean guest rooms.  Monday the queen would be waiting when the princesses got off the school bus.  She would wait with hugs and sandwiches and two cookies.  And then she would bring them into her bedroom.  The queen’s room on the first floor, near the back of the castle.  The king had helped build a second room attached to the queen’s room.  A room for the girls, with big windows, a huge closet, and their own bathroom.  After all, they were princesses.
Back they would go to measure, and pin patterns, and cut satin.  Deep red for Annika, golden yellow for Valentina.  New gowns for the princesses, just in time for the magic month of October.
But this Monday not all the noble ladies had left.  One stayed behind.


Chapter 2
One stayed behind


Sara stayed behind.  The others were leaving.  She wasn’t going anywhere.  Catherine loaded all the luggage in the back of her fourteen passenger bus as Sara stood and argued.  Ten agents were already on the bus waiting for the ride to the Green Bay airport.  They stared out the bus windows but said nothing.  Patient.  Or tired.  Or preoccupied.  They let the two women argue.  They argued in whispers, but they were whispers Catherine could hear as she walked to the front of the bus and took her seat behind the wheel.
“I will work from here.  Their wi-fi has sufficient bandwidth for my needs.  I can do my work.”
“There’s no security here.”
“There’s no security in Chicago either.  You said it yourself.”
The argument continued for several more minutes.  Under other circumstances, Catherine might have laughed.  The pair was so unbalanced.  Sara was tiny.  No more than five four.  Probably less.  And skinny.  And young.  She looked like she might be the college intern on the team.  Deidre was huge.  Six feet two, wide, heavy, Black.  She wore her hair combed out two or three inches around her head making her look even larger, not that she needed the enlarged head to make her point.  Clearly, this argument would end any time Deidre picked Sara up and put her in the bus.  The fact that she didn’t added one more level of mystery to this whole affair.
FBI agents were telling their supervisors “no”?  In what fantasy world did that occur?  And this tiny woman taking on this huge woman?  How was the outcome of that encounter not already obvious?
And, somehow, in this new, alternate reality, the tiny woman won.  The large, Black woman bent low and whispered some final instructions to the tiny woman, then boarded the bus, one hand pointing toward the road, as if Catherine might not know where to go.
Strange end to a strange week.  There was nothing normal about the retreat.  Or workshop.  Or team building exercise.  The announced name and purpose was never very clear.  No effort at explanation was ever made.  They came, they met, they kept to themselves.  Doors always closed.  Voices kept low.  Eyes averted.  Laptops instantly closed when not in use.  Papers always gathered in a pile and locked in a case.
Twelve FBI agents.  Up north.  A fishing lodge on a small lake.  Classic northern Wisconsin.  Take out a boat, swat mosquitoes, drink beer.  At least that was the normal FBI agenda.  A reward for finishing some project, completing some arrests, making some supervisor happy.  Go up to Catherine’s lodge, spend three or four days drinking and grinning, come back to Chicago with a smile.
Catherine made time for them.  Her lodge was advertised as a place for outdoor workshops for women.  Arrive Friday night, stay until Sunday evening.  The workshops varied from hunting to fishing to water colors and natural Christmas decorations.  But she owed the FBI, and she welcomed the FBI.  She found room in her schedule.  They were good guests and she enjoyed talking with them.
Not this time.  The lodge had a small library.  The original owner had used it as a card room.  Five or six men smoking cigars and playing poker after a day of fishing.  Years later corners of the room still reeked from cigars.  But it was the right size for a dozen people to meet.  Private.  A solid door to stifle sound.  But Catherine could still hear them.  Long periods of silence, then bursts of shouting.  Male voices, female voices, loud voices.  Then silence again.  Whenever she passed the room she was tempted to place her hand on the door, expecting she would feel tension, the door ever so slightly vibrating from twelve people struggling over something – something that seemed to make them angry, and scared.
Meetings lasted all day.  They let Catherine bring in lunch, and they took occasional bathroom breaks, but the meetings never really stopped.  Eight in the morning to dinner at six or seven.  They took dinner in the formal dining room.  It was like they needed to catch their breath.  Forty five minutes of food.  And silence.  Catherine served.  Nothing was said in her presence.  Maybe an occasional, “Thanks for dinner.”  Then back to their meeting room.  Closed up in that room until late in the evening.  Every evening.  More silence.  More shouts.  More tension and anger.
They had scheduled the week.  They used every minute of every day.  And never, ever, was there a moment of fun.  The lodge was on a small lake.  Canoes lined the beach.  Trails wandered off into endless forests.  The garage was filled with fishing poles.  For indoor types, the lodge had a huge bar in the great room.  The bar was stocked, a wine cooler was full, drinks were included in room fees.  The first day, precisely at four – the scheduled break time - Catherine had put out trays of cheese, crackers, sausage, and fruit slices.  The great room was huge and ascended two stories.  Soft leather chairs and couches filled the room.  Any other group would leave meetings, and hit the bar and great room like kids at recess.  
Not this group.  They used the library, they used the dining room, they eventually climbed the stairs for a few hours in their suites.  They never touched a drop of liquor, and they never used any other part of the lodge.  
The FBI had rented her lodge before.  Catherine managed the relationship carefully.  Her security clearance might have lapsed, but not her professionalism.  She kept her distance.  Even if pouring wine for a couple discussing a recent operation, she heard nothing.  She made sure she didn’t hear about upcoming arrests, or indiscrete politicians, or embassies that had been penetrated.  She never looked where she shouldn’t look, or heard what she shouldn’t hear.  So her lodge was used.  And she was trusted.
Until this group.  Twice the group leader – Deirdre - had suggested Catherine go visit her daughters at school, or take a long day shopping.  Catherine had left a pile of sandwiches and drove off.  Left her own lodge.  Got in her fourteen passenger van and drove to Wausaukee for groceries she didn’t really need, and then back to Amberg for two cases of wine this group would never touch.
Both towns were empty.  Not that they were ever bustling, but at least a few people came this far north for fishing in the summer and deer hunting in November.  In October?  The trees were already bare and the days were getting short.  People had better places to be.  So Catherine made her purchases and then parked along the road.  
And she did some thinking.  Something she knew she should not be doing.  They trusted her to be deaf and blind.  At least deaf and blind to anything that might be remotely considered classified.  But she couldn’t be deaf to silence and blind to closed doors.  Something was going on.  This group was not up in the woods as a reward for past work.  This group was being prepped for future work.  And the work was not something they could talk about in the Chicago or Washington office.
Why?  What was it that the FBI could not talk about around the FBI?
Since her marriage to Vasily, Catherine had added another bedroom to the back of the lodge.  Her bedroom was on the ground floor near the front doors.  This new room connected to the back of her room.  A room for her girls.  Two small girls who came with the marriage.  Girls new to America, but already thriving.  Grade school, a huge home, a new mother who loved them.  Life was good in their back bedroom.
Catherine cooked and cleaned for the FBI, then returned to her rooms to be with her daughters and her husband.  Vasily had made the adjustment too, even though his adjustment involved losses.  A colonel in the Russian tank corps, he now fixed heaters and air conditioners for a tiny shop up the road in Niagara.  He arrived home each day covered in cobwebs and grease.  The tank commander now drove a ten year old pickup truck.
Catherine always sat tight against him, one hand often playing in his hair, sometimes noticing a cobweb or lump of dirt remaining after his evening shower.  They took the girls for walks in the evening, or took out a canoe.  Later they read stories.  Some nights in English, some nights in Russian.  They would kiss the girls good night, and Catherine would always stand over their beds a moment staring at the miracles who had come into her life.
Sometimes she and Vasily would watch a movie on their TV, but mostly they talked.  People he had a met while fixing heaters.  Mostly old people.  Northern Wisconsin was mostly old people.  They had stories he listened to and then told Catherine.  Interesting people, now slowly fading away.
Catherine talked about people in Amberg and Wausaukee.  Four years in Amberg, she didn’t know everyone, but she knew most of them.  She told Vasily their stories.  Sometimes she told the stories of her regular guests.  Their fishing skills and drinking stories.  But.  Never the FBI.  Not because Vasily was Russian, but because she never talked about classified matters.  Twenty years an MP – a major – habits were fixed.  She heard things.  She never said things.
But as the end of the week neared, she talked to Vasily about this group.
“I can see the long days if they are planning something.  But why here?  And why the shouting?”
They were lying in bed, Vasily with his arm around Catherine’s shoulders, her head on his chest.
“You shouldn’t talk about it.”
“I can’t hear words.  Just anger.  If they came here to settle a dispute, it isn’t getting settled.  If anything, I hear more shouting than at the start of the week.  And not just one voice.  They are all going at it.”
“They have reasons.”  Vasily liked to play with Catherine’s hair.  He ran his fingers through it, and played with the locks around her face.
“And you think you know what they are.”
“Catherine, the homes I visit are all watching Fox News.  Your country is in the midst of a coup.  You refuse to see it.”
“It is your country now.  And the home of your daughters.  My daughters.  Your green card gets you a path to citizenship.”
“I will be a proud American.  And I will keep my mouth shut.  But I know a coup when I see one.”
“You saw one in Moscow.”
“1991.  Yeltsin got elected.  Lots of unhappiness in some quarters.  We ended with tanks bombarding parliament.”
“Were you in one of the tanks?”  Catherine raised her head from his chest.  She wanted a good look at his face.
“I was in the Ukraine waiting to invade Czechoslovakia.  I assumed I would be in Prague in two days, Frankfurt in four.”
“We would have nuked your column.”
“You were never going to use nuclear weapons.  Not in Germany.  We would have been sitting on runways in Frankfurt while you decided what weapons were allowed.”
“My husband, you have no idea what I used to guard over there.”
That ended the conversation for a while.  Catherine put her head down on his chest.  Vasily went back to playing with her hair.  They might have fallen asleep, but the door to the meeting room opened.  It was the far end of the lodge, but the shouting sounded like it was in the next room.  The door was quickly closed as someone rushed to the bathroom.  But it was open long enough to hear, “And I’m telling you the risk is too high.”  Female voice.  Almost a scream.  Frustration, anger, words hurtling from a chest emptied of air and patience.  Silence again.  Someone rushing up the stairs to their room.
“You think this is about a coup.”  Catherine raised her head again.
“Coup stage one.  January sixth.  Proof of concept.  Will cops and military officers break into the Capitol?  Yes.  Will they attack the Vice President of the United States if ordered to by the President of the United States?  Yes.  Will Congress do anything about it?  No.  You have a room of FBI agents preparing for Coup stage two.”
“All the agencies are preparing.  Everywhere.”
“Oh?  Then why is this bunch in Amberg, Wisconsin?  Why aren’t they with the others?”
“I don’t know.”
“What do you know?”
Catherine thought of the obvious.  The FBI was fighting itself.  She didn’t say it.  She didn’t want to think it.  “Let’s say they are here for the fishing.  At least that way I’ll get some sleep tonight.”
Catherine stared at him, waiting for a response.  He was a good husband.  He kept his mouth shut and pulled her head back down against him.  He stroked her hair as he often stroked the hair of his daughters.  He wanted to be calming.  He wasn’t.  
Catherine had another problem.  Deidre.  The head of this group was Deidre Jackson.  Huge Black woman and relentless pursuer.  She and Catherine had traced a leak when Catherine had been assigned to the NSA headquarters at Fort Meade.  Clever guy who thought he was the only one who knew how to program in Python.  Catherine sniffed out the files and Deidre went in for the proof.  They nailed him, then went off for a weekend celebration.  They found a hotel somewhere in the Shenandoah’s.  Magnificent views, not that they saw much other than their bed. 
And now?  No sign of recognition upon arrival.  Not a word all week.  Several requests for more coffee, but no real sign of their past.  Why?  They were friends, lovers, co-workers.  Granted, they had only talked once since Catherine’s return from Moscow, but still.  Some word?  Some gesture?  What was going on?  And why had Deidre not asked for help?  If this was all about coups, what side was Deidre on?  What side was the whole group on?  Was Catherine hosting a conspiracy meeting?  Did she mention any of this to Vasily?  Absolutely not.  She let him stroke her hair.  She slipped close to him.  Close, but not so close that she would ever be comfortable telling him about Deidre.
One thought finally brought her enough peace to let her sleep.  They would leave Monday morning.  Whatever they were doing, whatever side they were on, they would be gone.  Catherine wanted that.  Deidre and all.  She wanted them gone.  Leave her and her family in peace.  That thought let her sleep.
But.  That final morning, that’s not exactly how things went.  One of the agents – Sara – refused to leave.  Sara and Deidre stood beside the bus and fought it out.  Sara won.  How?  Catherine watched her in the rear view mirror as she steered the bus around the lake and out to the highway.  No expression.  No wave.  Just a tiny woman standing in the drive, watching the rest of her team leave.  Odd.  How very odd. 
Catherine did her job.  Turned onto a town road and started south to the Green Bay airport.  About an hour driving time.  No traffic to slow her down.  In the bus?  Silence.  Not a word from any of them.  Not even from Deidre.  A former lover.  Now?  Not a word.  Deidre had taken the seat directly behind Catherine, and spent a few minutes playing with Catherine’s hair but soon quit and spent the hour looking out at endless forests.
Their conversation finally took place at the airport.  Deidre let the other agents take their bags and walk into the terminal.  Only after the others were out of sight did Deidre press Catherine against the side of the bus and give her a direct order.
“You have an extra lodger.  Be patient with her.  Child prodigy.  She may stay a couple days.  She may stay a week.  I will send someone for her when she is ready to leave.”
“Deirdre.  Care to tell me what this is all about?”
“Classified, Kat.  Sorry.  Catherine.  Just a guest for you.  We will pay.  I think she will mostly keep to herself.  If she comes out of her room, I think she will be nice enough.”
“And?”
“Security should not be an issue, but, just in case, keep one of your Winchesters loaded and close.  And keep your phone close.  If you see anything that makes you nervous, dial the Milwaukee office.  We can get a team up here fast enough.”
“Milwaukee is four hours by car.”
“For Sara we might move by air.”
“For Sara.”
“Don’t ask questions, Kat.”  
“Don’t ask questions, but have a gun handy.  Really, Deirdre?”
“You can handle it.”  
Deidre pushed her fingers into Catherine’s hair, held Catherine’s head, and kissed her.  Then she took her bag and joined the others in the airport.


Chapter 3
The Bus Takes Charge

Catherine watched Deidre walk away, then did what people are supposed to do in an airport.  She was in a loading zone.   She had unloaded.  Now she needed to leave.  No time to rush after Deidre with questions.  No time to just stand and stare.  Eleven FBI agents were through the doors and to some departure counter.  They were gone.  She was standing alongside her small bus, airport security already giving her the eye.  Time to go.
She asked the questions as she drove back north.  It was a long list.  An obvious list.  It started with – what had been going on all week?  And included multiple questions about the woman they had left behind.  The drive from Green Bay north to Amberg took her an hour.  Lots of time for lots of questions.  
And then things got worse.  The girls attended Wausaukee Elementary.  North edge of town, next to the high school.  On a whim, Catherine decided to take the short road off the highway and see if the girls might be out at recess.  Just a chance to wave and smile, and maybe stand a minute along the playground fence.  A chance to see her girls.
But.  The bus refused to turn left toward the school.  The turn signal wouldn’t come on, the bus wouldn’t slow.  Catherine pounded the brake.  No result.  Thirty five miles per hour past the schools, then accelerating to fifty five.  The bus exactly matched the posted speed limits.  And, the bus kept going north.  
Catherine pounded the brake, and fought the steering wheel.  Neither had any impact.  The bus continued up highway 141, up the hill, through the endless forests.  North towards Amberg and her lodge.  Mile after mile.  Catherine pounded the steering wheel with her palms.  Then she took her hands off the wheel and waited.  The road was straight, but no road is perfect.  It curved slightly here and there.  She waited for the bus to take itself off the road.  It didn’t.  It held a perfect fifty five, and stayed exactly in the center of her lane.  Mile after mile.
Until County Highway K.  Then the bus slowed, and took the turn to the right.  East.  More forest.  A few farms.  A few summer cabins, now all empty.  Catherine waited.  If there was a destination on this road, she couldn’t image what it might be.  Just one more county highway.  An empty highway in an empty county.  A few miles ahead was the Menominee River, and the Upper Peninsula of Michigan on the other side.   More forest, more emptiness.
But the bus didn’t cross the river.  A tiny town park was to her right.  A place for fishermen to park and try a line.  No fishermen today.  Just Catherine and her bus.  It drove into the park and stopped facing the river.  Nice view of the water rushing past.  There had been days when Catherine had parked in this exact spot.  And she had enjoyed the view.  Not today.  Today she waited.
Beeps.  The bus started beeping.  Six beeps.  Stop.  Then the same six beeps.  Three times.  Catherine felt insulted.  Did the bus think she was so stupid she didn’t recognize Morse Code?  Every military officer has been put through some code training.  And she had been a girl scout.  It was the simplest merit badge.  The beeps?  Two short.  Three long.  One long.  IOT.  She wasn’t a moron, and even though she lived in the back of beyond, that didn’t mean she had no idea what was happening with technology.  IOT.  Internet of Things.
She beeped STOP.
The bus had been hacked.  Somewhere in the bus was a control system.  Maybe she could find it and tear it out.  But the beeps were making a larger statement.  Internet of Things referred to all the advanced systems that had been – or could be – attached to the internet.  Not just her bus.  Not just her electrical system back home.  Everything from her dish washer to her air conditioner.  And someone wanted her to know they had access.  Access and control.
Her bus beeped at her again.  Short word followed by two longer words.  She didn’t need it repeated.
BE GOOD RUSSIAN
The bus could beep.  So could she.
FUCK YOU
If the bus wanted to drive forward into the Menominee, so be it.  But her time in Russia was over.  Her need to be Russian was over.  
Her cell phone started beeping.  Not the usual beeps.  These were set as loud as the phone could go.  Louder than Catherine had ever heard her phone.  And the beeps just kept coming.  She pulled the phone from her pocket, tempted to throw it out the window.  But she had a text.  A picture.
Vasily’s mother.  Standing in her kitchen.  Next to her was a huge cop.  She recognized the bastard from her year trapped in Russia.  He had tightened the monitor on her ankle and crippled her in the process.  Now he stood towering over the tiny ancient woman in the long purple dress.  There was no expression on his face.  There didn’t need to be.  He was in her house.  She was alone.  He would do whatever he wanted, whenever he wanted.
Catherine slammed her palm on the horn.
FUCK RUSSIA
The horn paused and then responded.
B A GD GIRL CATHERINE
The picture on her phone changed.  It was Anya wearing her Russian army uniform and smiling.
Catherine did a threat assessment.  Risks to her?  None at the moment.  The Russians had her in a locked bus on a river’s edge.  If they wanted her gone, they would just drive the bus into the river.  They didn’t want her gone.  They had some use for her.  They might hurt her, but first they would use her.
Risks to her family?  Real and immediate.  They had complete control over Vasily’s mother.  Leaving her in Russia had been a mistake.  But being in America didn’t guarantee safety either.  Putin had sent assassins to kill Russians in England.  Why not also in America?  Vasily was a retired colonel in their army.  They might see him as a legitimate target.  So far he had told American intelligence nothing about Russian strategy or capabilities.  Catherine didn’t ask him about the Russian military; he didn’t ask her about her time in the US military.  But they might want him gone, or at least threaten him as a way of controlling Catherine.
Risk to her daughters?  How big a monster was Putin?  Catherine had legally adopted Vasily’s daughters.  And she loved them totally.  Five and seven when Catherine had married Vasily, seven and nine now.  They had made a smooth transition to life in America.  Their English was flawless.  Their integration into Wausaukee Elementary complete.  They had been princesses their first Halloween.  They would be princesses again this year.  Catherine had already started their new dresses.  If Putin thought he could touch those girls…
Risk to her country?  Real and immediate.  Catherine had gone to Russia to identify the head of the Quixote group.  Once there she was trapped.  Certain she would live the rest of her life in a small city outside Moscow.  She had Vasily.  She had Annika and Valentina.  She had a life there.  Fifteen months, certain it would be lifelong.  Certain her business back in Amberg would collapse and her lodge would be repossessed.  But the FBI had handled it.  They used the lodge as a retreat center, an off-site for meetings.  Rents made her mortgage payments.  They still used the lodge one week a month.  But.  IOT.  Surely the lodge had been infected with bugs.  The FBI had missed them.  Catherine had missed them.  But they must the there, courtesy of the IOT.  What was Russia learning at those meetings?  What more did they want to learn?  Surely that was the connection.  They wanted Catherine to help penetrate those meetings.
Catherine watched the river flow.  In Russia the police had attached a monitor to her ankle.  They had tightened the device so it hurt every step she took.  She still walked with a limp.  But she had seen them attached the monitor.  She could look in the eyes of the monster who did that to her.  Not now.  Now some monster was monitoring her, and scaring her, all unseen.  Cowards. 
The horn started beeping again.  
RU A GDGRL
The L wasn’t even completed and Catherine responded.
FU
A new text arrived.  A picture.  Catherine’s girls on the playground at Wausaukee Elementary.  Playing jump rope with two other girls.  Huge smiles.  Happy girls.  Her girls.
FUFUFUFUFUFUFUFUFU…
She was hitting the horn so hard she wasn’t sure she was getting the dots and dashes out in the right order, but she knew what she wanted to say, and she knew they understood her message.  By the time she stopped, her right palm was red and skin was peeling.
There was silence after she finished.  A very long silence.  A purposeful silence.  They wanted her to think.  They wanted her to worry.  They wanted her to be afraid.  Five minutes passed.  Or ten.  Catherine gripped the steering wheel and waited for a response.  She got silence.  After all the noise she had made with the horn, the silence somehow seemed more silent.  More empty.  More frightening.  She was desperate for it to end.  Finally it did.
GO B A GD GRL
The bus engine started.  But the bus didn’t move.  Catherine touched the gas pedal and heard the engine accelerate.  She had control.  She jammed the bus in reverse and raced back out onto the road.  Home.  The girls would be on their school bus.  They would be on their way home.  Catherine raced as fast as the bus could manage.  She wanted to be there when they got home.  She needed to be there.  She needed to hug her girls more than she needed breath itself.



Chapter 4
The Lodge Starts Talking


Catherine was home hours before the girls would get off their school bus and Vasily would be home from work.  She put the bus in the garage.  She turned off the engine.  And every electrical system in the bus flashed.  Every fuse popped.  A trickle of smoke floated out from under the dash.  Her bus was dead, all the circuits fried.  Her bus would never move again.
Catherine opened her door and stood next to her bus.  The heater had never worked worth a damn, and it was about time for a new set of tires.  Still, it was how she got from point A to point B.  It was also how she moved her guests.  Now dead.  They had killed it.
She got out her phone.  Time to call Vasily.  She turned on the phone.  Or tried to.  The button drew no response.  She stared at a blank screen.  Now what?
Breathing.  When times get tough, breathe.  In through the nose, out through the mouth.   Five tours in Iraq and Afghanistan, she knew fear.  She had breathed fear.  She had felt fear along her back and in her fingers.  This was a different fear.  She felt it in her gut.  They were threatening her girls.  Her beautiful, innocent girls.  She pushed herself away from her bus certain she would puke all over her garage. 
She made it to her front lawn.  And she breathed.  In through the nose.  Out through the mouth.  Counting.  And crying.  She stood on her lawn, looked across at the lake, and cried.  And breathed.  And wrapped her hands into fists.
Homes in Wisconsin have screen doors.  Catherine heard the long spring on hers stretch as the door opened behind her.  Sara.  Standing on the front porch in her bare feet.  In a dress.  A yellow cotton thing with flared skirt stopping well above her knees.  The kind of dress a young girl might wear on a first date.  Catherine wiped her eyes and turned to look at her.
Sara was even smaller than Catherine had noticed before.  More likely to be five three than five four, probably a size two dress, maybe a hundred ten if she wore heavy shoes.  Pretty enough.  Blond hair just past her shoulders, blue eyes, heart shaped face.  Cute.  That would be the first word used to describe her, probably starting with her grandmother and every other old lady – “You’re such a cute young thing.”  Instantly hit on whenever she walked into a bar.  Never taken seriously.  Too small, too young, too pretty to have anything important to say.  Cute girls either fought their size, or used it.  Catherine thought she used it.  The agents had spent the week in khakis and sweaters.  A few skirts.  No dresses.  Certainly nothing like what Sara wore now.  
Sara stood for inspection.  Still, confident, expectant.  She was used to attention.  Catherine was in no mood.
“Deidre told me to get out my rifles.  People would be coming for you.  You look like you intend to dance with them when they arrive.”
“We have multiple strategies to use.  We hide, we gun up, we board up the windows…  It may come to that.  I suggest we try a different way.  I am just a girl taking a few days off.  No reason for anyone to get excited.”
“I have plenty of reasons to be excited.  My bus has been hacked and my girls threatened.”
“I am so sorry.”  
Sara leapt off the porch and ran across the lawn.  There was something in her run.  Light.  A bounce.  Catherine wondered – gymnastics?  Ballet?  In a moment Sara had her arms around Catherine.
“I’m so sorry.”  
She looked up at Catherine, even rising onto her toes to get closer to her face.  At five eleven, Catherine still looked down from a distance -- and studied the woman who held her.  An FBI agent.  She had to be at least thirty to get the job.  But she barely looked twenty.  Catherine also noticed the way she was being held.  Sara’s arms were around her back, but she was also pressing Catherine with her thighs and hips.  How many times had she practiced that move?  Pressed tight, up on her toes, her face expressing concern, interest, vulnerability.
“Don’t play me Sara.”  Catherine took her shoulders and pushed her back.  “If I have to trade you for my daughters, I will do it in a heartbeat.”
Sara dropped her hands to her sides and stood flat footed.  Her hair swung back from her face as she looked up at Catherine.
“I didn’t expect that.  I’m sorry.  I’ll leave.  Can you call me a cab?”
Catherine had spent twenty years studying eyes.  Dilation, movement, lid reflexes.  She was uncertain.  But whether it was an honest offer or not, Catherine decided she would take it.  The woman should be surrounded by FBI, not out in the middle of nowhere.
“When Vasily returns from work, he can drive you to Green Bay.”
“Thank you.”
Catherine got another hug.  This time Sara’s arms went up around Catherine’s neck, and she pulled herself nearly off the ground.
She wore a yellow cotton dress that didn’t reach her knees.  A skirt in Marinette County where women wore jeans year round.  Sweaters in the winter, polos in the summer, but jeans year round.  But there was something about the way she stood.  Balanced.  Poised.  The spread of her feet and the set of her shoulders.  There was more to Sara than the façade.
Sara stood still while Catherine studied her.  She waited.  Patient.  FBI training?  Or natural poise?  
Catherine moved on.  Deidre had told her to load a rifle.  Time to do that.  She wiped her eyes, focused her breathing, and returned to the garage and the gun safe screwed tight to the back wall.  Six Winchester 94s.  Used.  Old.  But reliable.  Lever action rifles that had been initially designed more than a century before.  Light.  Simple.  Accurate out to a hundred yards.  Also a Smith and Wesson nine millimeter.  A purse pistol.  It would fit nicely in a pocket.  
All locked carefully away.  Kids in the house, and many guests.  The huge safe stood six feet tall.  Solid steel.  It opened with a key and a combination lock.  Catherine reached for the combination lock, then stopped.  It had been spot welded.  Messy job, done in a hurry, but effective.  The lock would never turn again.  And the key hole?  Filled with melted metal.  So much that it flowed out the keyhole and dribbled down the front of the safe.  No subtlety with the job.  No craftsmanship.  But effective.  It would take a cutting torch to open the door.  The safe would be ruined.  
Vasily would probably have a cutting torch up at his work site.  Catherine touched her phone.  Stupid move.  Dead was dead.  Her phone wasn’t going to make any calls.  Catherine raised the phone, ready to throw it out towards the lake.  At the last instant she retrained herself.  It went back into her jeans pocket.
“Did you bring a weapon with you?”  Catherine stared at the tiny woman, certain she already knew the answer.
“No.”
“Aren’t agents required to carry?”
“Catherine, I am not an agent.  I am a consultant.”  There was a slight flick of her head as Sara said “consultant.”  A bit of emphasis.  A bit of pride.
“So no gun.”
“No.”
“Until Vasily gets home, we are unarmed.”  Catherine added her own emphasis.  She let “unarmed” echo in the huge garage.  Sara seemed unconcerned.
“I made you some lunch.”  She smiled, turned, and led the way into the lodge.  Catherine noticed the way her hips moved and skirt flared as she turned.  She wondered how long that move had been practiced.
Catherine chose not to follow.  The garage was large enough for her bus to fit.  Large enough to park a dozen canoes and kayaks over the winter, large enough for Vasily’s big F150.  Large enough to hold fly rods and tools and cross country skis for a dozen women.  Large enough for additional weapons?  Not that she could see.  A few compound bows.  Not much return fire against AR 15s.  Catherine strung a bow anyway and carried it into the lodge.
She could hear Sara moving around in the kitchen.  Two plates scraped across the large table.  Catherine set her bow next to the front door and made her way back to Sara.  She found a happy woman.  Worry free.  Carefully arranging chips around a sandwich.  When she saw Catherine in the doorway, she smiled, pointed to a chair, and placed the sandwich carefully.
“Sara, Deidre thinks people will be coming for you.  She wanted me to get out a rifle to stop them.  But I can’t do that.  Someone has already been here to prevent that.”
“We’ll be fine, Catherine.  Sit.  Have a sandwich.  Ham and cheese.  I am sure we will be safe until Vasily gets here.  Then I will leave.”  She pulled another plate toward her and sat.  She put her hands in her lap and waited patiently.  She smiled.  She stared at Catherine.  She waited.
The table was huge.  The kitchen was huge.  Built to serve gourmet meals to millionaire fishermen.  A work table to hold food to be served in the formal dining room by a staff of three or four.  Now the table extended out from Sara as if she were a tiny child sitting at the “grown up” table for the first time.  Catherine took a chair, not because she was hungry, but because she chose not to disappoint the little girl at the table.
“Why didn’t you leave with the others?”
“I have work to do, and this is a good place to do it.”
“No it’s not.”  Catherine leaned over her sandwich and shook her head.  “You have no protection up here.  Deidre said you are in danger.  You must know that is true.  You could be surrounded by FBI agents.  Instead, you are here.  Alone.”
“I am with you.  A major in the MPs.  A combat veteran.”
“I am unarmed.”
“You are a third degree black belt.”
“That means nothing against armed men.”  Catherine continued leaning over her plate, trying for emphasis.  Sara sat with her hands in her lap, waiting.  Etiquette.  She would eat when Catherine ate.  She looked like she might sit in that position all afternoon.  Catherine waited.  Sara sat.
“Vasily gets home from work between four thirty and five.  He will take you to the airport.”  Catherine picked up her sandwich and took a bite.  Sara smiled and began eating as well.
Time passed.  They ate.  They stared at each other.  Catherine was trying to understand the woman she was looking at.  Sara tried to look pleasant.  She smiled calmly even while Catherine examined her.  Catherine wondered if that was the essence of the woman – trying to please.  A beautiful child, now a tiny woman, maybe Sara felt it was her role to smile, be pleasant, be helpful.  It appeared the two of them were in real danger.  Yet, Sara smiled, was pleasant, helped in the kitchen.  
Catherine thought maybe it was time to explain things might be very unpleasant soon, but her refrigerator did it for her.
The refrigerator had an alarm.  Actually just a tiny bell that was nearly inaudible.  But it had a purpose.  If electricity ever went out, once it was restored, the bell would ring every few seconds warning home owners that the electricity had been out and food might be spoiled.  It rang now.  But of course it was different now.  The single tone of the bell had been replaced by two tones – one longer than the other.  Catherine recognized it instantly.
“Shit.  Morse.”  Catherine scrambled for a piece of paper to write out the message.  
“No need.”  Sara raised a hand to stop Catherine.  “I understand it.  It just says ‘Hi Sara.  Phone.’”
“You know Morse.”
“Summer camp.  We weren’t allowed to talk after lights out.  So a friend and I did Morse with our flashlights.”
Sara found the phone in her purse.  She moved around the table and sat next to Catherine.  The minute she turned the phone on, they were both looking at the smiling face of Anya Antonov.
“Good morning, Catherine.  Sara, I am pleased to meet you.  You are as pretty as everyone says.”
Anya was out of uniform.  She was wearing a dress Catherine remembered and was sitting in the apartment off Gorky Park she and Catherine had shared.  She sat comfortable and poised.  Catherine guessed her phone rested on her knees.  Her smile looked genuine.  As if she was calling two sorority friends, a pleasant chat to catch up.
“Anya, you need to stop this.”  Catherine reached as if she might take the phone from Sara.  Sara slid it a few inches farther away.
“Now, Catherine.”  Anya tilted her head to one side.  Her expression changed slightly.  Not concern, just the slight change that might accompany a person breaking etiquette, and doing it somewhat badly.  “You and I had our chance to talk earlier.  Now I would like to introduce myself to your new friend.  By the way, have you told her about us?”
“Anya, please just leave us alone.  Turn off all your gizmos.”
“Sara,” Anya continued as if Catherine had said nothing.  “You need to see a picture of Catherine.  She was a beautiful bride, don’t you think?”  She pointed her phone at a picture of Anya and Catherine at their wedding reception, Catherine wearing a wedding dress and veil, Anya wearing a formal in deep blue.  The picture had been take two years earlier in Anya’s apartment.
“Yes, she is lovely.”  Sara even turned to smile at Catherine and take her hand.
“Russia does not recognize same sex marriages.”  Catherine started her explanation staring at the phone, and finished facing Sara.  “We are not married.”
“I think we are.”  Anya now held the phone in front of a certificate both women had signed.  The form was in German, a picture of the Fulda City Hall embossed across the top.  “We were married in Germany.  Very legal.  Legal in the U.S. too.  I have checked.  All foreign marriages are valid there.  You and I will have a future together.”  
“Anya, you know I married Vasily.  I did it in Russia.  It was legal.  It is still legal.  He is my husband.”
“You are my wife, Catherine.”
“Stop it.  And stop this nonsense with my bus and my refrigerator.”
“Sara, be kind to my wife, will you?  The two of us will talk again soon.”
The connection was lost.  And the phone went dead.  Sara laid it on the table next to her lunch plate.
“Sara…”  Catherine looked at Sara, looked at the phone, looked around the room, trying to determine where to start.
“Catherine, I know the story.  Sara was a Russian agent buried in the State Department.  She got you to follow her to Germany and then to Russia in search of people running a conspiracy.  Once she had you in Moscow, she decided to keep you.  By the way, that surely alerted the FBI that she was a double agent, and probably cost her job at State.  But she wanted you.  She kept you.  And even without the picture, I could have guessed you would not have gone there if you did not also have feelings for her.  True?”
“She protected me from Moscow thugs, and before she returned to Washington, she set me up with Vasily.  As for my feelings, let’s just leave that alone.  Okay?”
Catherine got up and walked away.  She grabbed her coat and soon stood on her beach staring at cold water about to become ice.  A distraction.  Maybe an effort to divide and conquer.  Certainly an effort to confuse.  Anya had multiple purposes for that phone call.  None of them involved rekindling a romance.  She wanted something.  The Russians wanted something.  Sara.  It had to be Sara they were after.  Why?
The only person who could answer that was Sara.  Catherine turned and hurried back into the lodge.  


Chapter 5
The Book

Sara was sitting on one of the huge leather couches in the great room.  All the furniture had come with the lodge, hand-me-downs from when the lodge was to be the retreat of millionaire fishermen.  Huge, dark leather furniture.  Designed for large men.  But actually very comfortable for women.  Every workshop Catherine hosted, the women remarked on how good it felt to settle into the huge cushions.  Like Sara.  Her feet pulled up under her, a book across her lap.  She smiled up at Catherine and patted the seat next to her.
“Join me.”
Catherine kicked off her shoes and settled next to Sara.
“Sara, I need to know why Deirdre is worried about you, and why the Russians are interested in you.” 
“This book.”
Sara slid tight up against Catherine, and opened the book so it fell across both their laps.  It was oddly shaped – wider than it was tall.  Much wider.  Paperback.  Maybe three hundred pages.  Well worn.  A dozen or so pages were dog eared, and pen and highlighter marred most pages.
“I had a history prof at Madison.  Had to be a million years old.  Refused to use a text book.  Instead he made us buy these old books.  We had to find them on Amazon or in used bookstores.  This one is from 1973.  Ancient.”  
She pointed to the title “Wisconsin Death Trip.”
“I read some really interesting books in his class, but this one changed my life.  I was an econ major.  After his class and this book, I minored in history and in anthropology.  It is the cornerstone of my dissertation.”
“Ph.D?”  
“Yes, my defense is in a few weeks.”
“How old are you?”  Catherine twisted toward Sara.  
“I’ll be twenty pretty soon.”  Sara had also turned toward Catherine.  Back to being pretty and poised, she sat still for Catherine’s inspection.  And her next question.
“Nineteen, and you are getting your Ph.D.”
“Yes, and before you find it on Google, yes, I have been nominated for a MacArthur award.”
“The genius grant.”
Catherine stared at her.  A tiny woman.  Pretty.  Brilliant.  She needed to be protected and praised just for being who she was.  Where the hell was the FBI?
“Tell me about the book.  And your dissertation.”
“The book describes Wisconsin in the 1890s.  Most of it is news articles and pictures taken from small town papers.  The author dug into the archives of papers that are mostly gone now.  But you can see what he was finding.”
She slowly paged through the book.  Most of the pages had photos.  Families dressed in black.  Funerals.  Parents standing graveside.  Parents standing by tiny coffins.  Articles described small pox outbreaks.  Measles, mumps, scarlet fever.  The children were named.  And their ages.  Tiny coffins held two and three year olds.  Larger coffins held bigger children.  Often there were two or three or four coffins side by side, each one slightly larger than the one next to it.
Articles?  Local.  Names of the families, dates of the deaths.  Sometimes multiple deaths the same day.  Parents childless in three or four days.  Their picture taken as they stood before children they had played with days earlier.  Children they had taught.  Children they had nursed through past illnesses, but not this one.  A man and a wife standing alone.
Not every article was about childhood deaths.  There were reports of people disappearing.  People parking their buggies on railroad tracks.  People being taken to asylums.  Page after page.  Sara let Catherine turn the pages.
“This is your dissertation?”  Catherine stopped turning pages about hallway through.
“My dissertation is about human limits.  The articles are from the 1890s, a period we often call ‘the Gay 90s.’  Maybe some places it was.  But in rural Wisconsin it was epidemics that took your children.  With you one day, gone the next.  Then hail or wind took your crop.  Or the price of corn fell.  Or the banks failed.  You were helpless before forces that took your kids or your farm.  Forces you could not see.  Forces you could do nothing about.  Forces that pressed you all day every day, each season, each year.  Forces that left you shaking in fear.”
“They didn’t all die.  And there weren’t just funerals.  There were weddings, and births.”  Catherine felt like she was sticking up for the universe.
“There was good, but would it last?  Your crop was bountiful.  But would storms take it out the day before you harvested.  You had a few dollars in the bank, but would some financial panic out East close your bank and take your money?  Was there anything you could be sure of?  Was there ever just an hour when you could relax and be confident?”
“People survived.  My great grandparents farmed north of Madison.”
“The author takes a leap.  He makes a conclusion about the Wisconsinites of that time and their descendants.”
“And?”
“Obsessive compulsive.  He’s not a clinical psychiatrist, but he tries a diagnosis anyway.  He thinks the only people who didn’t go crazy or commit suicide became obsessive.  They narrowed their focus - latched onto how straight the rows of corn were as they plowed or planted, how clean the house was, how well painted the barn was.  They couldn’t deal with the universe, so they found an object they could deal with, and gave it their complete attention.”
“So my great grandparents were obsessive?”
“As their descendant, he would argue you inherited that trait.  Hence your obsession with tracking down the Russian conspiracy.  There was no reason for you to go to Germany and then Moscow.  We have an FBI to do that kind of work.  But you went.  Obsessed.”
“And you?  Where’s your family from?”  Catherine closed the book and leaned closer to Sara.
“They homesteaded near Wausau.  So yes, I am obsessive enough to be writing a dissertation at nineteen when I could be hitting the bars and driving young men crazy.”
“Actually, you are too young to drink, but I get the point.”
Catherine gave the book back to Sara.  Now what?  A very sad book.  What did the Russians want with it?  Why not just order it on Amazon?
Catherine continued sitting with Sara, the two of them faced towards the lake.  At some point Sara took Catherine’s hand.  Slowly she leaned towards Catherine and lay her head on Catherine’s shoulder.


Chapter 6
Two Very Excited Little Girls

Sara and Catherine were still sitting together when the school bus arrived.  Catherine was out the door in an instant.
It was normal for Catherine to be at the end of her driveway when the girls got off the bus.  It was normal for her to hug them.  It was not normal for her to get down on her knees, hug the girls, and cry.  It confused the girls.  Annika was nine.  Fourth grade.  A bit of an introvert.  A careful observer.  She let her mother hug her, but she watched and listened.  Valentina charged into everything.  Mom might be crying, but Valentina wanted her to see a spelling test she had completed.  She was certain she was the star of the second grade, and she wanted her mother to see.  She had to explain her accomplishment twice, but eventually her mother took the test sheet from her, looked at all the words, and kissed her.
“Second grade, and you already know how to spell ‘princess’ and ‘Prince’ and ‘castle’ and ‘Halloween’.  Those are hard words.”  Catherine wiped her eyes and held the spelling list carefully.
“Mommy, we live in a castle, and I am a princess.”
“We live in a lodge, but yes, you and Annika are both princesses.”
Catherine stood, took the girls’ hands, and led them into the lodge.  Five minutes in their new bedroom to take off their backpacks and coats, then into the kitchen for a chocolate milk and a PB&J.  Catherine was careful not to cry again.  She could see Annika was watching her.  She had to wipe her eyes one more time, but she was careful to turn her back as she did it.  And she was careful not to slam the refrigerator as she put back the chocolate milk carton.  It was now her enemy.  It and how many other appliances?  Would the dishwasher be beeping at her?  The microwave?  How many more ways would Anya reach her?
Catherine sat at the table and had her own peanut butter sandwich.  She heard about their day.  She heard about Trick or Treat at the school.  The day they could all wear their costumes.  Annika wanted to know why Russia didn’t have Trick or Treat.  She still asked about Russia.  She still remembered it.  Valentina had moved on.  She was an American princess.  One year in Wisconsin and this had become her world.
At some point Sara joined them.  Suddenly there she was, standing in the doorway.  Both girls looked.
“She’s pretty.”  Valentina stared, then smiled.
“Hi.”  Sara stood for a moment, giving the girls a chance to get used to her, then she joined them at the table.  “My name is Sara.  I was one of the people who were here last week.  You are Valentina, and you are Annika.  Or is it Annie?”
It took Annie a moment to answer.  Too late.  Valentina filled in.  
“Her Russian name is Annika, but her American name is Annie.  Or Ann.  She hasn’t decided yet.  I’m in second grade.  Do you want to see my spelling list?”  She went running off to get her spelling list from her book bag.  That gave Annie a chance to talk.
“The kids call me Annie.  I think I will be Ann when I am older.  Why are you here?”
“I like it here, and I wanted to talk with your mother.”
Catherine watched the two talk – Annie the introvert, and Sara, the poised beauty.  Sara had taken the chair next to Annie.  She sat with her hands in her lap, her body turned toward Annie, giving the girl her complete attention.  Often Annie would back away from strangers.  This time she didn’t.
“What will you talk about with my mother?”
“We were talking about our families.  Our grandparents and great grandparents.”
“My grandmother lives in Russia.  She took care of us when my mother was killed.”
Valentina came storming back.  She had her spelling list in her right first.  It had gotten crumpled, but she put it carefully in front of Sara and made an effort to straighten the page.
“See? A star.  I got all the words right.”
“Yes.  Prince, princess.  I imagine you are Princess Valentina of the Amberg castle.”
“We call it the lake castle.”
“Yes, not every castle has its own lake.  You are very lucky.”
“Annie and I will show you the castle.”  She was up in an instant, but Catherine made her stand still long enough to wipe the peanut butter and jelly from her fingers.  Sara took the hands of the girls and off they went.

Chapter 7
A Busy Day for Vasily

Mondays were always busy.  The plumbing and heating contractor where Vasily worked charged an additional twenty five dollar service fee for weekend calls.  So people called Monday morning.  Often they were desperate.  Mid-October might be fall in much of the country, but at the northern fringe of Wisconsin, it was already winter.  The leaves were down, the wind was up, and water pipes froze.  If the furnace went out, every hour meant cold rooms and the chance of pipes bursting.  But twenty five dollars was twenty five dollars, so the call was made at eight Monday morning in the hope that Vasily or some other repairman would be at the home by eight fifteen.
Vasily had six calls.  He hadn’t even gotten to the shop when his boss called his cell and gave him an address.  Off he went.
The calls?  Simple enough.  Old furnaces.  Almost no housing had been built in the current century.  When the Niagara pulp mill had closed everyone knew which way the wind was blowing.  Lots more would close.  Nothing new would open.  So they stayed in their old homes.  In some ways, that made things easier for Vasily.  No new computer-controlled equipment.  Just simple thermostats, big rotating blowers, and two igniters.  It was always the igniters that went out.  Forty years of propane fires.  No metal lasts forever with that heat.
The problem was never the furnace.  The problem was getting to the furnace.  One house was an old trailer.  Everything was crammed together on a trailer.  His hands were big; the furnace space was small.  No room for gloves.  He skinned every knuckle getting the old igniters out.  Whatever skin was left vanished getting the new igniters in.  
Four of the service calls had the furnace in the crawl space.  In he went, hoping the space had not already been taken over by various animals looking for a place to winter.  Animals or not, spiders were everywhere.  He put a large rag on the end of a stick and waved it in front of him as he crawled to the furnace.  Old igniters out, new igniters in.  Odd noises coming from a back corner in one of the crawl spaces, but no bites.
The last call had a basement.  Should have been the perfect way to end the day, but the guy was a hoarder.  Moldy newspapers were stacked to the ceiling.  The man claimed there was a simple path for getting to the furnace.  Vasily never found any path that was “simple,” but he did manage to get to the furnace and fix it.
The other problem.  People.  Each person assumed his was the only service call of the day.  They wanted to talk.  Two guys wanted to “help.”  Residents along the border between Wisconsin and Upper Michigan tended to be retired.  Young folks moved to jobs.  Old folks stayed behind.  Old folks had lots of time to talk.  Vasily gave them a few minutes.  He tried.  His English was good and getting better.  But their hearing was getting worse.  Usually the result was a few minutes of shouting back and forth about the weather or the Packers.
One home was occupied by an older woman.  Not usual.  Normally, when the husband died, the wife moved closer to the kids or into someplace called “assisted living.”  This woman was pretty far out in the country.  Long drive that would be covered with snow.  Big yard to mow in the summer.  She had made cookies and wanted to share.  She also wanted to talk children – hers and Vasily’s.  Vasily spent ten minutes at her kitchen table, knowing his boss would not be happy.  He got two cookies to eat there, and two cookies to take with him.  He also got a hug.
Vasily was back at the shop a little after five.  There was special soap to get the grease and dirt off his hands, and endless bandages for his knuckles.  He turned in his paperwork, refused the offer of a couple beers with another repairman, brushed as much dirt as he could from his jacket and pants, and headed home.
And he encountered another problem.  The starter on his truck had been “wonky” all day.  It felt like the solenoid didn’t want to engage, and after it did finally engage, it didn’t want to back away and let the starter do its job.  It had taken three tries to start the truck at each one of his stops.  Now it took another struggle to get the truck running.  Vasily left the truck to warm up and went back into the shop to warn his boss he might be late in the morning.  He might have to install a new starter.  No problem.  Tuesdays were always less busy than Mondays.
Vasily’s job was in Niagara, right on the border with Upper Michigan.  Home was about fifteen minutes south.  Fifteen miles of second growth forest.  Soft woods for paper pulp.  Pine, poplar, some birch.  Endless forest on each side of the road.  Paper might be down because of email, but cardboard was up because Amazon needed endless shipping boxes.  Sometimes guys with chainsaws took down the trees.  Sometimes guys with more modern equipment.  But the trees were only cut every twenty five or thirty years, so mostly the forests were left alone.  There was a house here and there, but mostly Vasily drove through trees, trees already casting long shadows at five thirty.  In another month the shadows would cover the road at four thirty.
The lodge was a beacon of light.  Huge windows throwing yellow light out onto the drive.  Huge windows with two little girls pressed against the glass waiting for daddy.  Vasily slowed,  waved, threw them a kiss, and pulled into the garage.  
And heard his starter scream.  All he did was turn off the engine.  He had pulled into his spot next to Catherine’s bus, turned the key, and waited for the engine to stop.  The engine stopped, the starter didn’t.  He popped the hood and saw not only was the starter screaming as it spun without connecting to the fly wheel, but the wires leading to the starter were on fire.  He quickly disconnected the battery and then hit the flames with a fire extinguisher.  But the damage was done.  Every wire in the vicinity of the starter was fried.
The Russian language has some really good curses.  He used most of them.  He also hit the engine again with a cloud of white dust from the extinguisher.  The fire was out, but shooting more dust into the engine area seemed better than pounding it with his fist.
Catherine came running while the girls stood at the edge of the garage watching.  No more curses.
“I’ve been fighting with the starter all day.  Now it has caught fire.  I think the fire is out, but I don’t want to risk your bus and the garage.  Get in and put the truck in neutral.  I’ll push the truck out of here.”
Vasily was a large man, but an F150 is a large truck.  He put a shoulder against the grill and barely moved the truck.  Catherine got out and helped.  Between them they got it moving out of the garage and back down the drive way.  And then it kept going.  It rolled across the lake road and out onto their beach where it stopped in the sand.
“My fault.  I should have taken it to a shop in Niagara.  Thought I could save a few bucks.”
They were both standing on Lake Road breathing hard.
“It wouldn’t have mattered.  Anya would have let you fix it, and then still burn it up once you got here.  She wants us here.  Trapped here.”
“Anya?”  
Vasily had been staring at his truck.  Now he turned toward Catherine, and stood closer.
“Anya Antonov?”
“I would have called you and warned you, but she has control of our phones, our cars, even our fucking refrigerator.”
“Why?”
“It has something to do with Sara.”  
Catherine pointed toward the front porch.  Sara stood watching them, still barefoot, still wearing the short yellow dress.  Still looking like a child.
“Who’s she?”
“She arrived with the FBI, stayed when they left.  Some kind of child prodigy.  Thinks people from Wisconsin are obsessive compulsive.”  Catherine stopped there and waited for a question or comment or translation.  She clenched her teeth.  Then continued.  “I want her gone.  My bus was taken over by Anya.  I thought you might take her to Green Bay.  Obviously that’s not going to happen.”
“We can just call…”
“Try your phone.”
Vasily pulled out his phone.  Before he could even type in his passcode, Anya’s face appeared.
“Hi Vasily.  Good to see you again.  I hear you fix toilets now.”
“I fix furnaces.”
“Come home to Mother Russia.  We will put you back in a tank.”
“Anya, leave us alone.”
“Sorry, but I need a favor.”
“What?”
“I will tell you soon enough.  In the meantime, go shower.  You are a mess.  Use that huge shower Catherine has.  Big enough for two.  Right Catherine?”
Vasily shut off the phone and pushed it back into his pocket.
“She’s right.  I need to shower.”  He pointed to the girls.  They were standing at the edge of the garage, neither with a coat, each with their arms wrapped tightly across their chests.  “And we need to get the girls back inside.”
Vasily rushed back to the garage and picked a girl up in each arm.  
“I think we need a new truck.  What do you think?  Should we get one with stripes, or with polka dots?”  Vasily kept moving.  He quickly had them back in the house and back to their room.  
“I need to shower if I am going to dine with m’ladies.  And I hear we have a guest.  What do you think?  Should we dine as a royal council tonight?”
“Yes.  Royal Council, Royal Council.”  Valentina was doing all the shouting, but it was clear Annie liked the idea as well.  Vasily kissed their cheeks and then went off to shower.  Catherine helped the girls change for dinner.  Princess gowns of course.  From last year.  A bit too small, a bit ragged, a bit stained, but the new ones weren’t ready, and, well, one did not wear jeans to a royal council.  Catherine got the girls changed and then put them in front of one of the movies they loved.  “Beauty and the Beast” was perfect fare in preparation for a Royal Council.
Next stop – her bathroom.  Vasily was in the shower.  She could see him working his knuckles under the water.  Not an easy task.  She stood at the shower door.
“Royal Council?”
“I wanted to get their minds off my truck.  And maybe we can learn something about our royal guest.”  Vasily faced Catherine, water running down his body.  He let her look.  Yes, he was deep into his fifties, and yes, he had grown around the waist, but he still had his shoulders and biceps.  He even flexed a bit while she watched.
“Yes, you look good, oh mighty king of the lodge.”
Catherine backed away.  Time to pick through the collection in her closet.  She had four bride’s maid dresses and two other longer dresses bought for summer outdoor weddings.  Now they were all gowns for the queen.  And, if she had a sense there might be dancing after dinner and wrestling after the girls went to sleep, the gowns might be her response to a man in a colonel’s uniform.  Tonight?  Probably no dancing, and no wrestling until they had talked through a long list of concerns.  But she went with satin anyway.  Lemon yellow, half sleeves, a neckline that invited looks but not stares.  It had gotten her some dances at a wedding reception in Washington.  And it usually got her a smile and a discreet pat on the ass from Vasily.  She pulled it on, went with low heeled sandals, ran a comb through her hair, and hurried off to make dinner.  In this castle, the queen cooked.
Sara was sitting in the great room, paging yet again through her depressing book.  Catherine paused near her on her way to the kitchen.
“Royal Council.  Something we do once in a while.  The girls like to dress up in their princess gowns.  We eat under candle light in the dining room.”
“Should I change?”
“A longer skirt if you have one, but don’t worry if you don’t.  This is the girls’ show.  We eat in about half an hour.”  And Catherine was off.


Chapter 8
The Royal Council

Catherine lit two candelabras and set them near one end of a huge table.  The table had once been surrounded by eighteen massive dark leather chairs.  She had sold those chairs on eBay and replaced them with more normal sized fabric covered chairs she thought her women guests would prefer.  But everything else in the room was still sized for rich – and large – fishermen.  The table was made from joined four-by twelves and probably weighed a thousand pounds.  A complicated chandelier of intertwined deer antlers hung over head.  One massive musky still graced the far wall, a survivor of the dozen or so that had lined the room - her compromise between maintaining some of the lodge heritage and updating all the decorating to something less layered in testosterone.
Dinner was simple.  After feeding a dozen FBI agents for a week, Catherine had a refrigerator filled with leftovers.  She would be serving microwaved bits of this and that (plus mac and cheese for the girls) at least through Thursday.  She heated, stirred, filled five plates, and got them to the table.  She even had time to get out champagne flutes filled with apple juice before Vasily arrived with the girls.  
Sara had been waiting near the door.  She had changed into something satin, long, and sleeveless.  It could have been a prom dress.  Something she had brought to an FBI retreat?  Catherine couldn’t help but stare.
Vasily was wearing his colonel’s dress uniform – dark gray, stripes on the slacks, a tunic buttoned to the throat, medals and service ribbons filling his chest.
They all gathered at the door of the dining room, and then Vasily took over.
“M’lady.”  He offered his arm to Valentina.  She placed her gloved hand on his forearm and stepped with him into the dining room and to her chair.  
Sara was next.  Vasily offered her arm.  Sara did a deep curtsey, pulling her skirts out wide.  She waited for Vasily to bow, then rose and took his arm.  Valentina looked crushed.  She looked at her mother, faintly saying, “I forgot.”  Catherine mouthed “It’s okay.”  Vasily solved the problem.  Once he had escorted Sara to her chair, he turned to Valentina.  She immediately curtseyed smiling up at her father as she did.  He bowed deeply.  When she stood, he took her hand and kissed it.  “M’lady.”  A quick smile and he went for Annie.  Valentina stood behind her chair, looking at her mother and at Sara, a proud little girl.
Vasily escorted Annie to her chair (after she carefully curtseyed), the three ladies arranged in a row to his left.  Catherine waited.  When Vasily came for her, she also curtseyed.  He stood close and looked down her dress as he bowed.  So, maybe things would be interesting after the girls went to sleep.  Catherine slid her fingers along his arm as they walked together and touched him with her hip as she reached her side of the table.  Vasily seated Catherine, his fingers sliding across the back of her neck as he finished, then crossed the room to seat each of the girls in turn.  He took the head of the table, a proud father and husband.
There was some initial movement at the girls’ side of the table.  Annie and Valentina were seated on cushions to raise them up a bit, and they needed to adjust those, but mostly they were watching Sara and imitating her actions.  She spread a cloth napkin carefully across her lap.  The girls spread their napkins with the same folds.  Sara sat erect with her back a few inches from her chair.  The girls adjusted their posture to match.  Sara folded her hands in her lap.  So did the girls.  They even chose to hold their heads up, following Sara’s lead, directing their attention to their father.
“Ladies,” Vasily raised his champagne flute.  He paused while the ladies raised theirs.  “As we begin this royal banquet and royal council, I toast your beauty.  I also welcome our noble guest to Lake Castle.  Let us also toast our queen, the lovely mistress of Lake Castle.”  He raised his glass in her direction, then all five of them drank apple juice.
Dinner began, five people eating at one end of the huge room.  Candlelight barely reached the far end of the table.  At the near end, two young princesses ate mac and cheese, pushing green beans to one side of the plate, ladies postponing vegetables until the very end.  Both girls kept a watch on Sara.  She maintained her posture, something the girls mimicked briefly, then went back to leaning and slouching as they forked mac and cheese.  It was a long meal for them – beans to finally eat (ladies always cleared their plates), and posture to maintain.  But both managed to finish their food and to not get additional food stains on their gowns.
They waited for the grownups to finish their reheated chicken kievs and potatoes.  Finally their father set down his fork and took another sip of his juice.  Dinner was done.  The Council could meet.  Valentina chose to start.
“Father, should the castle not have servants?”
“Ah, but you know the risk.”  Vasily pointed along the table.  “Previous owners upset the forest spirit.  You see the result.  Two maids turned into candelabras, and the poor butler…” he gestured toward the fish hanging from the far wall.
“But we have servants when the queen does her weekend workshops.”
“Yes, but they are only in the castle briefly.  They know not to stay too late into the evening.  They know the risk.  We must be careful.”
Valentina left it there.  She had made her point.  Sara was now aware the castle was bewitched, just like the one in the movie.  She sat up straighter and smiled at her mother.  A very proud princess.
“It must be very exciting to live in a castle that is bewitched.”  Sara looked at each of the girls, her eye brows raised as if she were genuinely excited.  The girls loved it.
“Lady Sara,” Catherine waited a second to get Sara’s attention.  “Perhaps you would tell us of your castle.”
“I live in a very high castle tower.  Sometimes I am locked in my tower room for days while I copy into my book of spells.  Food is brought to me by an Uber servant.  I eat briefly and then return to my calculations.”
“Have you always been locked in the castle tower?”  Valentina looked genuinely upset.  Imaginary spirits were one thing.  She feared for Sara.
“Don’t fear.  I will be free of my tower in a few more weeks.  I will sit with a group of master magicians and explain my calculations.  They will grant me a title and a chance to work wherever I wish.”
“But how long have you been up there?”
“Three years.  But before that I was as free as any young girl.  Mornings I went to high school, afternoons I went to college.  And I did everything girls do in high school and college.  I went to dances, I went to parties, I was even a cheerleader.”
“You were?”  Both Annie and Valentina were turned in their seats, their eyes riveted.  Vasily had taken the family to see the Packers play an exhibition game in August.  The girls were intimidated by the huge crowd and clung close to their parents.  They were also completely confused by the game.  But the Packers had cheerleaders.  Once they started performing, the girls never took their eyes off them.  At the end of the game the girls begged their father to take them near the cheerleaders so they could get autographs.  
“We have autographs.”  Annie and Valentina interrupted each other as they explained watching the cheerleaders and getting their autographs and learning their names, and even being hugged by one of the women.
“Would you like me to show you a cheer?”
That offer resulted in more interruptions as both girls found multiple ways to say “yes, please.”  In the midst of all the words came “Father, mother, may we be excused?”  Both girls dropped from their chairs and pulled Sara out into the great room.
Vasily and Catherine waited a moment, then followed.
“Did you understand the part of the tower room?”  Vasily and Catherine stood to one side of the room and whispered while Sara got the girls into a line.
“Sara, at age nineteen, is about to get her Ph.D.  Her calculations are also going to earn her a MacArthur genius grant.  As for going to high school in the morning and college in the afternoon, I guess that is how you end up in graduate school at sixteen or seventeen.”
“Wow.  So what is she doing here?”
Catherine paused for emphasis.  “I still don’t have any idea.”
Meanwhile, Sara had the girls lined up facing the front windows.
“Would you like to learn a naughty cheer first?”
Both girls said “yes,” but glanced at their mother to make sure it was okay.
“This is a cheer we would do if some kids from another school were saying bad things.  We would walk up in a line like we are now, stop, and then start the cheer.”
Sara moved, her hands mimicking the use of pompons, but her moves seemed more from ballet than cheerleading.  Her head, her hands, her hips, it was all in a casual flow.  You could imagine kids in the grandstands staring, the boys with some level of lust, and the girls with great levels of jealousy.
Sara stopped, turned so she was in profile to the stands, then began swinging her right arm across her body as she moved her weight to her left hip.  The hip move was magnificent.  Her skirt slid in that direction.  Every eye – male and female – would be on her ass.  Then the arm finished moving, her hand now pointed at the offending students.
“Naughty, naughty, shame on you.
Naughty, naughty on your school.
Cheer for good, cheer for pride
Even cheer the other side”
With each phrase her hand would move, but so would her weight as it shifted from side to side.  Whatever the words were, Catherine was pretty sure the hip moves and the flying skirt would be what was remembered.  She took a chance and looked at Vasily.  Yes, he was looking.  He must have sensed Catherine turn.  Smart man.  He wrapped his arm around her shoulders.
The girls loved the cheer.  And Sara was a patient teacher.  She broke the steps down into short sequences and taught them over and over.  
Vasily was a smart enough to know not to stand and watch Sara.  He gave the lesson about five minutes, shouted to the girls about how well they were doing, then turned back to the dining room.
“I’ll load the dishwasher.”
The two of them had the dirty dishes back into the kitchen and in the dishwasher in a few minutes.  With the washer making noise in the background, they began their first serious talk.
“Gamblers look for something they call a ‘tell.’ A sign of what the other card players are thinking.  The cards they are holding.  Catherine, you have two tells.  Your limp gets worse, and you pull my arm tighter around you.  How much trouble are we in?”
Catherine put her fingers on his lips.
“We won’t have many evenings left when it is warm enough to stand by the lake.  Shall we?”
They briefly watched the girls move through their cheer, then pulled on light coats and crossed the road to their beach.  Wisconsin has over eight thousand lakes.  Catherine’s lake?  Town Corner Lake?  Hardly worth a look.  Maybe a couple hundred acres in size.  The lodge stood alone at the northern end.  Two tiny cabins took up the southern end.  Both cabins were for sale.  Both cabins were usually empty.  Catherine and Vasily stood on the shore, looking out at still waters.
“This is where you hold me tighter.”  Catherine leaned against Vasily.
“This is where you tell me what is scaring you.”
Catherine chose not to answer for a while.  The lake was empty.  Essentially private.  Essentially hers.  But she found herself looking all around her.
“The lodge is under their control.”
“What do you mean?”
“They don’t just have listening devices here and there.  They have control of every electronic device in the lodge.  They also have control of my bus.”
“Tell me what happened.”
“After I left the FBI people at the Green Bay airport, my bus took me for a ride.  The horn beeped out that I should be a good girl.”  Catherine couldn’t help laughing as she described her afternoon.  “I don’t mind at all if you don’t believe me.  It was frightening at the time, but the whole thing is so ridiculous, now I just want to laugh about it.”
“I believe you.”  Vasily pulled Catherine tight against his chest.  “Every commercial sized furnace or AC unit we install automatically dials up the local wi-fi system.  They send constant performance and maintenance updates to the manufacturer.  We get calls to do maintenance before the owner ever knows there’s a problem.  Half the time I have to convince the store owner there’s something wrong.”
“Vasily, it’s the Russians.”
Catherine found herself lifting her right foot as she leaned into Vasily.  Her ankle hurt.  A year of physical therapy had “fixed” the damage the Russian ankle monitor had done.  Catherine could walk normally, even run normally.  But the ankle still hurt.  A victory for the Russians.  They left her with phantom pain.  But it felt real enough to Catherine.
“They texted a picture of your mother with a cop standing next to her.  They were in her kitchen.”
“Catherine, my mother knew what she was doing.  Cops could walk into her kitchen any day.  Life in Russia.”
“Anya Antonov is leading this.  She called when I got home.  But first she sent a message through our refrigerator.  Just to be annoying.  And scary.  I was sitting in the kitchen with Sara.  Somehow she knew that.  She wanted our attention.  She had the refrigerator say ‘hi,’ then she called.  She told Sara about me and her.  Our marriage.  I don’t know why.  I am sure this is all about Sara, not me.  I told Sara you would get her to Green Bay – out to someplace safe.  But then Anya sabotaged your truck.”
“She wants to isolate us.  Initial strategy in all tank battles.  Break the line, isolate a unit, destroy the unit.  But.  You were alone in Moscow.  You aren’t alone here.”
“They control our home.”
“Yes.  But why not hide that from us?  The FBI checks when they first arrive for meetings.  They didn’t catch this new system.  Security has been breeched.  Maybe since our new addition.  Maybe longer.  Now you know.  Why?  Why give that away?”
“They want me to do something.”
“So they try to frighten you.”
“And more.  It’s a process.”  Catherine backed from Vasily.  She needed to explain.  “I was a cop for twenty years.  Some of those years I ran a stockade.  I supervised guards.  You tell me the first lesson of tank warfare, I tell you the first lesson of prison guards.  Don’t break the rules.  Every prisoner uses the same strategy.  He tries to get you to break some rule.  A small rule.  Always a good excuse.  Mail this to his sister.  Let him make a short call.  Give him a cigarette.  Something small.  Something innocent.  But now he has you.  He can get your written up.  So next time he asks for something bigger.  You are no longer the guard.  You are the accomplice.”
“And here?”
“We already look bad.  Two Russians running a lodge.  Now it turns out the lodge was bugged.”
“We are both Americans.”
“Still, I lost my security clearance.  Trust in us is very limited.  Now some super genius chooses to stay with us.  Why?  What did we offer her?  We seem to be in daily contact with a Russian agent.  Why?  You see how all this looks?  I have been compromised.”
“Kompromat.”
“Yes.  Anya wants me to do something.  Something more important.  And we are not only isolated, we are compromised.”
“So, we start with isolation.  My truck is broken, but my phone works.  I call the FBI.”
The words were barely out of his mouth when his phone rang.  Vasily pulled it from his pocket and held it where both he and Catherine could see it.  Before he even accepted the call, Anya’s face appeared.
“Good to see you, Vasily.  Sorry about your truck, and sorry about your job.  What were you thinking when you texted your boss and told him to Fuck off?  You hate America.  You are going back to Russia.  He’s pretty upset.  I’m not sure he’s going to send your severance check to that Moscow address you gave him.”  Anya, of course, was smiling smugly through the entire message.
“Anya, what do you want?”  Catherine shouted at Vasily’s phone.
“I want my wife back.  Vasily, you had her for long enough.  You know she and I are married.  Time to give her back.”
“She’s mine, and I’m keeping her.”
“We shall see.  By the way, your old job is still waiting for you in Mother Russia.  We have oil money now.  All salaries have been raised.  And they are being paid on time.”
“I’m not coming back.”
“We shall see.”  And the screen went blank.
Catherine wrapped her arms around Vasily, her mouth by his ear.  
“She’s fucking with us.  We need to ignore her.  We have one job. We need to get off this lake.  Put your tank commander’s head to work on that.  And hold me tight.”  He was big, and he was warm.  But Catherine’s ankle hurt more than ever.  And she still shivered.  They stood together, held each other, and kissed.  Obviously they were being watched.  Catherine’s thought – let her see it.  Let her see them kiss.  She raised her middle finger while she kissed Vasily again.

Chapter 9
Escape Plan Number One

Their morning routine was simple.  Catherine got the girls dressed and fed.  Both Catherine and Vasily stood with the girls at the end of their driveway waiting for the school bus.  Final hugs, girls got on the bus, Catherine and Vasily went back inside to a final cup of coffee.  Same routine every morning.  They decided to use it for their escape.
It had taken them forever to get the girls into bed the night before.  They wanted to show not one, but two cheers Sara had taught them.  They wanted to dance.  They wanted to wave imaginary pompons.  They wanted Catherine to go buy pompons first thing in the morning.  They wanted cheerleader outfits.  They wanted…  The list was long and their excitement was overwhelming.  It took forever to get them into bed, and forever to keep them there.  They had found something more exciting than Halloween.  They had found cheerleading.
They did finally sleep.  And Vasily and Catherine did finally have a bed to share and ears to whisper into.  And they did finally have a plan.  It had involved some disagreement.
“Vasily, when the school bus stops, you get on with the girls.  Say you are doing a parent talk.”
It seemed obvious once they got thinking about the next day.  True, both their vehicles were sabotaged, but other vehicles would be arriving.  A school bus in the morning, customers Friday.  So, escape was simple – wait for a vehicle, and use it.  The school bus would arrive early the next morning, and their problem would be solved.  Mostly.
“Catherine, I’ll get on the bus, but only if all of us get on the bus.  I’m not leaving you here.”
“We can’t all get on the bus.  For one thing, I doubt if it is legal.  The school district has rules.  I am sure.”  Arguing while whispering was hard.  Catherine had her mouth right up to Vasily’s ear.  She was trying to be emphatic, but also quiet.  Not easy.
“She’ll let us on.  We just say both of us are giving classroom talks.”
“And Sara?  What is she – a substitute teacher?”
“Why not?”  Vasily had an arm around Catherine, holding her tight.  It made it easier for them to whisper, but Catherine could also sense he was enjoying this.  She had to admit, she did too.  But she needed to make her point.
“We know Anya wants me, and I am sure she also wants Sara.  If the two of us get on the bus, they have people who could stop us.  I’m betting if Sara and I are still standing in the driveway when the bus leaves, they will let you go.”
The argument wasn’t settled.  They went back and forth over the next hour, mostly whispering, but also doing a bit of wrestling.  Then one thing led to another and the arguing stopped and the wrestling took over.  Catherine decided they would have to do more whispering in the future.  She liked where it led.  She looked up at Vasily, kissed him multiple times, and felt as good as she had all day.  He seemed to enjoy the moment too.  He made it last.
Catherine scored a double victory.  Not only did she get laid by a very skilled husband, but she convinced him that he would get on the bus alone.
“Annie.”  Having won the argument, Catherine decided she should explain things to the girls.  She began at breakfast.  She would find out pretty fast if the plan had any chance.
“Last week your teacher asked if parents would like to talk to your class.  Do you think your class would like to hear your father talk about his tanks?”
“Yes.”  Her head immediately swiveled to the other end of the table.  She adored her father.  She loved the idea of her father being at her school, in her room, with her.  “The boys would love it.”  Huge smile.  Catherine did her best to match that smile.
“Could you come to my class too?  We have boys.”  Valentina only reached the table with the help of a booster seat, but now she made herself somehow taller, more visible.
“I will talk with your teacher and visit your class too, if she wishes.”  
Vasily smiled at each of the girls.  Calm.  Catherine was impressed by how calm Vasily appeared.  In less than an hour he would have to take two tiny hands and make a run for it.  But you would never know it.  He spent the rest of breakfast giving the girls a short description of how he had driven tanks, even laughing and pantomiming how it looked when his tank did a quick pivot.  He nearly fell out of his chair.  The girls thought it was hilarious.  And that morning, their huge father would be in their classroom telling such stories.  It would be so good.  Catherine watched the girls and hoped.
They had settled on the second half of the plan while whispering at dawn.
“I’ll take the girls into the school, and explain they need to see some immigration people.  Out we go again.  The repair shop next to the bowling alley rents some older cars.  I’ll take one of those.”
“Call as quickly as you can.  Maybe borrow a phone from the car place.  If you call Elise in the Milwaukee office, she can get people up here pretty fast.  Then just drive.  Go south.  Fast.”
“And if Anya’s people come for you?”
“They won’t have time.  I’m sure of it.  You will have the FBI moving before the Russians know what is going on.”  It isn’t easy to communicate certainty in whispers.  And in truth, Catherine wasn’t at all sure what Anya would do.  But she wanted Vasily and the girls gone when it happened.
They had agreed the girls should know nothing of the escape plan.  To them, everything would appear normal.  So there was the normal breakfast, normal packing of their lunch, the filling of their back packs.  Just another school day.  But that’s not how the girls saw it.  They were so excited their daddy would be going to school with them.  He would even be riding the bus with them.  They raced through their oatmeal, mimicking the moves their father had taught them, both driving a tank at the kitchen table.  Vasily came to the table in a good pair of pants and a white polo shirt.  Catherine loved the combination.  Even at fifty three, he still had great shoulders and biceps that filled the shirt sleeves.  He would impress everyone he saw.  At the moment, he was impressing Catherine.  She couldn’t take her eyes off him.
Pulling on light jackets and tennis shoes (both girls were proud they could tie their own shoes), the four of them were standing at the bottom of their drive ten minutes before the bus was scheduled to arrive.  Annie had her little fists out before her, pulling her imaginary tank into a tight turn.  Valentina competed for an even tighter turn with louder engine noises.
Catherine shivered.  She had worn a summer dress, a yellow print with half sleeves and a flared skirt that only approached her knees.  A good dress for a summer outing.  Not such a good dress for an October morning.  But when Vasily got onto the school bus and looked back at her, she wanted, well, she wanted to look good for him.  Until then, she stood at the end of the drive and shivered.  Cold.  And frightened.  She was tempted to pick up one of the girls and hug her.  Instead, she stood smiling, pretty sure seven and nine year olds didn’t read minds yet.  Vasily did.  He wrapped an arm around her shoulders.
And Catherine’s phone buzzed.  A new text.

“Sorry to hear the girls are ill.  Thank you for letting us know.  Please notify us when they are feeling better.  We will resume their pick up.”

Catherine showed the message to Vasily.  Both struggled.  What to tell the girls?  Catherine came up with a reasonable lie.
“Girls, the school is closed today.  Some electrical problem.  No lights.  No computers.”
Both girls were devastated.  Both were near tears. 
 “But daddy can still talk.”  Annie was moving her gaze from Catherine to Vasily and back again.  She looked anguished.  “There is plenty of light coming through the windows.  We don’t need electricity or computers.  Daddy can talk.  I know everyone will want to hear him.”
Vasily took a knee and hugged Annie.
“I can come another day.  Maybe this week, maybe next.  But I will come to your class.  I promise.”
Annie still looked like she might cry.  Valentina already had tears in her eyes.  Vasily took their hands and slowly led them back into the lodge.  Another text arrived while he was helping them out of their coats.

“Sorry to hear about your septic system.  With so many guests, I suppose it was inevitable.  I won’t request my cancellation fee.  I am sure we can reschedule soon.”

A watercolor expert had been scheduled to staff the weekend workshop.  She would not be coming.  If she had received a text, so had all the women who had signed up.  No one would be coming Friday.  No one would be coming.  No one.  Catherine wanted to scream.  But she didn’t.  She helped with the coats and back packs and shoes.  The girls were still upset that their father wouldn’t be with them at school.  She made sure each girl got a long hug.
Sara appeared, a piece of toast in hand.  She was wearing a dress again.  The skirt was a little longer, but the sleeves seemed shorter.  It was pretty.  Sara was pretty.  Catherine could see her as a cheerleader.  She could imagine boys lining up to throw her into the air and catch her.
“No school today?”
“Stupid school.  No electricity.”  Annie’s hands were fists, one riding each hip.
“That is unfortunate.”  Sara looked to both adults.  “Can I help?”
“I suppose you could teach them another cheer.”  That seemed to get a good reaction from the girls.  “I need to clean the second floor, and then I thought I would work on their new princess gowns.”
“I could help with the cleaning, or I can help with the gowns.  I love to sew.”
Catherine hesitated.  In truth, she loved to sew things for the girls.  It put them in the same room, and brought them close.  But, you didn’t ask a guest to help clean.”
“I have the skirts cut and pinned for the girls.  How are you on bodices and sleeves?”
“I am undersized for most things, Catherine, so I have done dresses dozens of times.”
And that settled things.  But, at least for Catherine, it settled things in the worst possible way.  Vasily and the girls had not escaped by the bus, her weekend workshop would not happen (and she would not collect her five hundred dollar fee from eleven women), and rather than spend the day sitting with their girls and hugging them as she worked on their gowns, she would be upstairs cleaning bathrooms and doing laundry.  She did her best to smile as Sara and the girls practically ran to their room and the sewing machine.
Vasily?  He stood just inside the front door.
“I’ll help with the cleaning if you like, or I can take another look at my truck.”
“The truck.  We have to get out of here.  She has us isolated.  I want us gone before she moves to step two in whatever her plan is.”
Vasily agreed and headed back out the door.  Catherine hung her coat and trudged toward the second floor guest rooms.  Laundry and bathroom cleaning while she waited for Anya to come for her.  She wished she had something she could punch.


Chapter 10
Second Floor Discoveries

On a normal women’s workshop weekend, Catherine had from Monday to Friday morning to get ready.  She had a standard schedule.  Monday laundry, Tuesday bathrooms, Wednesday vacuuming and first floor cleaning, Thursday prep for whatever the activity was.  It had been her routine for years.  Not this week.  The FBI had left on Monday.  Not usual in itself.  They had arrived days early and stayed days late.  But, like any group, they had left a mess.  Six guest rooms, twelve beds, six bathrooms, a million towels.  Catherine climbed the stairs, walked into room number one, and started stripping beds. 
She had barely started when her phone rang.  She saw Anya’s face.  She swiped left, but of course it did no good.  Anya wanted to talk, so Anya talked.
“Pretty lame, Catherine.  Not a good girl.  A silly girl.  Did you not think we would prepare for the school bus?  You are short a towel in room 4, by the way.  Can you believe FBI agents steal towels?  It destroys your faith, don’t you think?”
“Anya, you bitch.  Come visit me.  Let’s settle this.  You and me.”
“Nights in your bed.  You in white satin.  Me in red.  You the virgin.  Yes, I will come for you.”  
Anya’s face was replaced by a new scene.  It was Catherine in a very small night gown, lying across their bed in Moscow.  Looking up at Anya.  Looking up, clearly in the heat of passion.
“Okay, Anya.  I see you remember me.  And I know you want me.  Leave Vasily and the girls out of this.  Just you and me.  Green Bay, Chicago.  You pick the place.”
“I will come for you.  But you must earn it.  Be a good girl.  Then I will come.”
The phone went dark.  Catherine pushed it back into her pocket and yelled at an empty room.
“If she tells me to be a good girl one more time…”
Catherine raised her middle finger in every direction, toward wherever the camera was hidden.  She did a complete circle.  Slowly.  Then she yanked the pillow case off one of the beds and went back to doing her job.
She was on her third room when she came to the one being used by Sara.  Neat.  She had made her bed, carefully hung her towel after her morning shower, carefully hung all her clothes.
Her clothes.  Three suitcases.  Now empty.  The closet was full.  And these were large, walk-in closets built for a large man to bring in clothing to wear on a trout stream or on a lake, or in the woods or all three.  Like everything else in the lodge, they had been built big to impress.
But this closet had been filled by the wardrobe of a five foot three inch woman.   Intended now to hold the clothes of two women who shared each room, her roommate would have had almost no space at all.  Catherine walked down two rows of hung clothes.  Her FBI outfits took up less than a foot.  Several khaki skirts carefully clipped to hangers.  Five or six white blouses.  A navy blazer.  Official.  Probably the dress code for the meetings.  But those items barely took up one corner of the closet.  The rest?  One pair of jeans next to a plaid shirt, boots on the floor below.  She had been prepared to walk in the woods.  But not often.  Everything else was far too dressy for Amberg and a place out in the forest.  She had not one, but four formals.  Next came dresses in cotton and every synthetic available, with skirt lengths just as variable.  If the castle had a party every night, she would have been prepared for a month or two.  Why?  How long did she think she would be staying?  
Catherine checked labels.  Many of the dresses had none.  Apparently Sara really did make her own clothes.  Those with labels?  There were no fast fashion brands, and no TJ Maxx.  She shopped high end.  There was money hanging in the closet.  Substantial money.  From a graduate student.  Catherine had not gone past her BA, but based on the complaints she remembered from her TAs, graduate support was not that substantial.  So, a rich family?
Catherine returned to the bedroom.  Each room had a small desk.  Really just a place to sit and make phone calls.  Originally, the rooms held huge roll-top desks with matching leather chairs.  A previous owner had sold all of those and probably covered several mortgage payments with the proceeds.  Catherine had found smaller desks/tables at various estate sales and matched them with chairs or stools.  
Sara probably would have liked a larger desk.  Hers supported a lap top computer, a leather portfolio crammed with papers, and a box of USB drives.  There had to be a dozen drives.  A different data set on each?  The computer was password protected, but scribbled notes were not.  She had a small notebook.  Each page contained a calculation or an observation.  Catherine turned through each.  Neither the numbers nor the observations told her much.  
But there were also graphs, and they got her attention.  Graphs.  Lines across the paper, usually curving up from the bottom left to the top right.  Probably copies of graphs she had created on her computer.  But these lines were marked.  Arrows and exclamation points.  Catherine could not see what made each marked point on the graph so important, but she did see that at each point, the arc rising to the right changed.  It either flattened or it rose more sharply.  If these reflected investments, they showed stocks that plateaued, or rose dramatically in value.  If she was graphing investments.  If.  She was an economics major.  Wouldn’t her thesis be about money?
Catherine closed the notepad.  Not much else to see in the room.  Time to work on the other rooms.  But her phone rang.  Anya again.  Big smile.  Wearing a dress, not her colonel’s uniform.  
“So, what do you think?”
“Anya, leave me alone.  I have laundry to do.”
“You had time to rummage through her room.  Now tell me what you think.  I want to see how smart my wife is.”
“I am not your wife.”
“Of course you are.  I have the German marriage license.  I certainly have plenty of witnesses, and the pictures we took at the wedding make your choice pretty clear.  By the way, I have our wedding picture as my home screen.”
“Anya, I am legally married to Vasily.”
“It must be confusing.  Married to me in Germany, married to him in Russia.  I bet our German wedding was more fun.  Now tell me about her closet.”
“Lots of clothing.”
“You were a military cop.  Surely you can draw some conclusions.”
“Anya, apparently you can see the same things I can see.  You know the closet is full.  She doesn’t pack light.”
“She certainly didn’t pack for a one week’s stay.  I think she had plans for you.  You aren’t going to let her steal you from me, are you?”
“Anya, I will get her out of here as soon as you let me.  Give me back control of my bus and I’ll have her at the Green Bay airport in an hour.”
“No, the bus stays where it is, and you stay where you are.  It’s a nice fall day.  Get your sheets in the washer and get out into the sun.  Enjoy your day.”
The phone went dark.  Catherine kept the phone in her hand and dialed 911.  No connection was made.  Instead her wedding picture appeared.  Her and Anya.  Anya had just raised Catherine’s veil, and yes, the look on her face did say love, marriage, desire.  All of which was an honest reflection of her feelings at that moment.
Catherine shoved the phone back in her skirt pocket and went back to stripping beds.  It took her three trips to get all the sheets and towels down to the laundry area off the kitchen.


Chapter 11
A Walk in the Woods

  Catherine wandered aimlessly around her kitchen while the washer took another load of sheets.  Things would be worse with the towels.  They took forever to dry.  In the meantime, she could hear the girls and Sara.  They were having all the fun.  No, in truth, it was Sara having all the fun, and Catherine was unbearably jealous.  She wanted her girls back.  She did laundry and watched the clock.  Noon.  Well, actually it was quarter of, but she felt it was close enough.  She had a reason to go get her girls back.
“Lunch.”  She stood at the door to her girls’ room.  As she approached their room she heard lots of “shh” and little girl giggles.  They had heard her coming.  And they were ready.  Both girls wore their newly completed princess gowns.  They stood side by side, and slowly curtseyed to their mother.  
Then they could no longer stand still.  They both turned circles so Catherine could see their backs and watch their skirts flare.  Sara had done a wonderful job.  Not only had she finished their bodices, but she had done their sleeves – intricate short sleeves hanging from ballooned shoulders.  And she had even finished hemming the skirts.  The dresses were done.  The girls were so excited they could not stand still.  Catherine smiled and said all the right things, but there was a knot in her stomach.  She had missed the completion of the gowns, the first steps, the first turns, the many hugs of thanks from grateful girls.  She knelt and hugged the girls.  She also looked at every seam.  They were perfect.  Nothing for her to fix.  Nothing for her to redo.  Nothing for her to do.
“I promised the girls we would dance with them.”  Sara was still sitting at the sewing machine.  She was withdrawn from the commotion around mother and daughters, but still a presence.
“Can we?”  Both girls were plaintive.  They were wearing ball gowns, and they wanted a ball, or at least a dance this very minute.  There was no way Catherine could refuse.
“We can dance in the great room.  Excuse me, the castle ball room.”
She took Annie’s hand and reached for Valentina’s but Valentina had already turned toward Sara.  She had chosen her dance partner.
Music was simple.  They had bought the soundtrack from Disney’s Beauty and the Beast.  Catherine put the CD in the lodge sound system and skipped to the waltz Belle and the Beast do.  Catherine and Sara bowed, the girls did very deep curtseys, and they began.
Catherine used to call it a “face-cracking grin.”  So much more than a smile.  The moment the girls were truly happy.  Their faces took that huge smile, and both of them looked up to their partner completely happy.  Catherine looked down at Annie’s face and stopped the waltz long enough to kiss the girl’s forehead and hug her.  Then back to dancing.  
They had waltzed before.  They knew the steps, they loved the turns.  Both looked back over their shoulders to see their skirts flow out behind them.  Both were Belle.  Both were in a castle.  Both knew they were beautiful.  It was a moment.  Catherine bowed to Annie and then hugged her after the waltz ended.  But she knew what to do.  She reset the CD so it played the waltz again.  
Three times they did the waltz.  The smile never left the girls’ faces.  They looked up at their partner, they looked at each other, and they peeked over their shoulders to see their skirts slide across the floor.  They were Belle, their castle was enchanted, and their world was perfect.
After the third waltz Catherine got down on her knees and hugged both girls tight. She held them.  Longer than the girls expected.  They wanted another waltz, another walk across the ball room, and other turn to see skirts float behind them.  But they let their mother hug them.  And they even agreed to take the gowns off during lunch, as long as they could wear them again at dinner to show their father.  
Catherine agreed and helped them change out of gowns and back into jeans and polo shirts.  Catherine wanted her daughters back.  She led them to the kitchen for lunch, and then announced she would take them for a walk through the forest after they had eaten.  No invitation for Sara.  Sara understood.  She sat at the table with them and had her own PB&J, then said she would go up to her room to work on her project.
The walk?  Yes, it was a beautiful day.  Late October has such days.  People who have wintered in northern Wisconsin know to savor them.  Catherine got the girls into jackets and shoes as soon as she had the milk mustaches wiped from their faces.  But, Catherine knew she was not walking because the day was beautiful or because the girls might benefit from fresh air.  This walk was all about her holding two tiny hands.  She took those hands the minute they were out the door, and she felt herself relax.  She was too old for a “face-breaking smile,” but this was her idea of contentment.
Destination?  Often times they just took the lake road.  It took about an hour to circle the lake.  This time she chose the forest.  Most of the leaves were down, but there were still a few trees dressed in red or yellow.  There were multiple logging roads back behind Catherine’s lodge, and rolling hills to wander over and around.  The huge white pines were long gone.  Now the forests held poplars, birch, and jack pine.  Pulp wood trees. Maybe forty of fifty feet tall.  Small crews ventured into the woods every twenty or twenty five years to provide America’s paper.  “Roads” were really just two ruts cut through the forest as crews ventured back into whatever section had been scheduled for harvest.  The roads made good hiking trails.
The girls took Catherine’s hands as they walked deeper into the forest, but they were quick to run off after pretty leaves.  Lots of yellow.  But the girls called them golden.  Any wind brought down another blizzard of gold.  The girls ran around under the leaves, hands out trying to catch them.  Lots of cheers as they took a fistful from the sky.  Lots of “Mommy look” as they held out yet another leaf that somehow seemed special to them.  
The road Catherine chose was arched over by birch.  When she had workshops for photography or watercolors, Catherine always took them up this road.  Every woman left with a picture that could and should be framed.  The girls ran a few steps ahead of Catherine, then quickly returned with a leaf or a white-barked branch.  It was a special road and a special day.
But Catherine wasn’t only there for the beauty.  She was also there for the right hill.  Glaciers had plowed northern Wisconsin.  Anything tall had been ground down and pushed to Illinois.  Left was small hills and small lakes.  Just trapped pockets of water.  Minor mounds of forest.  But some mounds on this logging road were a bit bigger than the others.  A bit taller.  And maybe a quarter mile closer to Highway 141.  Catherine’s fiber line and wi-fi had been hacked.  But maybe, just maybe there was a chance she could get one bar at the top of the hill.  The girls gave her leaves to put in her pockets (they would press then in waxed paper later), but one pocket she kept free.  The pocket that held her phone.
They had walked quickly, the girls racing from leaf to leaf and birch to birch, Catherine striding toward the top of the hill and a chance to try the phone.
And then they stopped.  Catherine saw him first, but the girls saw him too and instantly returned to Catherine, standing just behind her legs.  No shouts of “hi.”  No explanations of “We’re collecting leaves.  Want to see?”  They took one look at the man and hurried back to mother.
He wasn’t particularly big.  Maybe six feet.  Middle aged.  Middle sized.  Forest green jacket.  Stocking cap.  And.  A rifle slung across his chest.  Suddenly standing in the middle of the road.  Either he had been there before, and they just hadn’t seen him, or he had stepped out of the trees.  He stood now with his feet spaced and his right hand resting on his trigger guard.  Motionless.  Standing like the statue of a soldier.  Standing like he might be permanent.  In the middle of the road.  Looking at Catherine.  No attention to the girls.  All attention to Catherine.
Talk to him?  Walk past him to the top of the hill?  What do you say to a statue?  How do you take two little girls past a man with a rifle?  A rifle he is holding tight against his chest.
Catherine waited.  And looked.  He was maybe thirty or forty yards farther up the road.  Close enough to see his face.  Close enough to see any change.  Hint of a smile?  Movement of a mouth ready to speak?  No.  Eyes of a man paid to watch.  And stand.  All day.  All night if needed.  Feet spaced, weapon slung, eyes alert.  Waiting.
Catherine had put soldiers on guard duty.  She knew how they stood.  She had placed them at doorways and at gates.  She had given them orders.  She saw how this one was standing, and she knew what orders he had been given.  This road was closed.
Catherine held her ground.  Her back straightened and her shoulders pulled back.  She was her own statue.  Feet spaced.  Eyes centered on his face.  She put her hand in her pocket.  A nine millimeter would easily fit in her coat pocket.  Maybe she had one.  He had the high ground, but she had run a hundred rounds through her pistol in the last month.  She could place two center mass before he had his rifle off safety.  If there was a pistol in her pocket.  She wanted him to think about that.  She wanted to see the statue move.
He didn’t.  The girls did.  Annie.  Not a sound, but a short pull on the back of Catherine’s jeans.  The forest wasn’t golden any more.  It was dark.  Another pull, this time on the back of Catherine’s jacket.
“Girls, I think there are some maple leaves down by the lake.  Should we add those to our collection?”
The girls were still mute, but they started moving back down the road.  Both girls wanted to take her hands.  Catherine kept her right hand in her pocket until they had gone a dozen or so steps, her eyes on the statue.  No motion from him.  Finally she took out her hand and accepted the anxious little fingers of Valentina.  
They didn’t stop to gather maple leaves.  And they didn’t stuff the yellow birch and poplar leaves in sheets of waxed paper.  They went directly back to the lodge.  Inside.  Door closed tight.  They hung up their coats, put away their shoes, and retreated to their room.  They found a DVD they had already seen twenty times, and started it.  Catherine put an arm around each of them and laughed at some mice doing something silly.  About ten minutes into the movie, the girls started laughing too.


Chapter 12
Vasily Plans a Walk

Vasily was almost upside down in the engine compartment of his truck as he reached toward his starter motor.  Reached and cursed.  Reached and traced every wire with his fingers.  He had a wire cutters but he had yet to use it.  He had spent all morning and half the afternoon tracing wires and hoping to find ones less damaged.  Trying to find ones he could cut and splice to wires he had taken from the garage.  
And he knew it was hopeless.  Maybe, with a complete wiring schematic, he might splice something together.  But then what?  Some controller had been embedded in his truck.  A controller he had yet to find.  A controller that would activate the minute he reattached the battery cables.  A new fire in a new place.  More damage.  From a controller he could not find.
Catherine stood at the side of the truck.  She waited.  He slowly righted himself and looked at her.  He wished he had something hopeful to say.  All he could do was tell her the truth.
“I can’t find it.  And since I can’t find it, I can’t do anything about it.  This truck will never move again.”
“My bus is under their complete control.  It’s never going to take us into town or near anyone with a phone.  Speaking of which, I took the girls back into the woods, thinking I might be able to get a signal up one of the hills.  I found a guy standing with a rifle across his chest blocking the road.”
“The girls?”  Vasily reached out to Catherine, then caught himself.  His hands were black with grease and dirt.  He held them behind Catherine, and hugged her with his elbows.
“Scared, but not hurt.”  Catherine reached around his chest and pulled him tight.  “Really.  They’re okay.  They’re in their room watching a video.”
“They’ve got rifles, we need rifles.”
“I’ve got six Winchesters and a Smith and Wesson nine millimeter.  All in a gun safe that is welded shut.  But even if I could get some weapons…  We’ve got two little girls.  A shoot out… “ She didn’t finish.
“Agreed.  Let me take a look at the safe, but even if we had weapons...”
They walked casually back to garage as if they might be going for additional tools, but they went straight to the gun safe bolted to the back wall.  Six feet high, three feet wide, it was solid steel.  Catherine had new guests around the lodge every weekend, and she had two young girls.  Guns needed to be locked up.  But no one would be getting through these locks.  Vasily had a cutting torch at work.  Here at home?  Nothing he had would cut through all that steel.
Catherine’s phone rang.  She pulled it from her pocket to find Anya smiling pleasantly.  Relaxed, apparently at home, wearing a pink dress, her feet pulled up under her.  She held the phone away from her so Catherine could see all of her.
“No guns, Catherine.  See any here?  I am disarmed.  I will not hurt you.”
“And the man in my woods?”
“He is protecting you, Catherine.  You and your family.  He and the others want you to stay right where you are.  In your beautiful lodge, your family warm and cozy.”
“Let’s end this, Anya.  Now.  Come see me.  Whatever you want, let’s talk about it.”
“I will be there soon enough.  I love what you have done to your hair, by the way.  I will have my fingers in it soon enough.”
“You won’t touch me.”
“Catherine, you are my wife.  Of course I will touch you.  And, if there is one certainty in this world, you will be very pleased when I do.”
The screen went blank.
Vasily held Catherine with his elbows again, still trying to keep his hands away from her coat.  He pressed his mouth to her ear.
“This can’t go on for more than a few days.  Sooner or later we will get some delivery or some guys will come by to fish the lake.”
“And if the road is blocked?  Marked ‘under repair’ or something?  In the meantime, they are preparing to come take us.”
“Take you, Catherine.  If she comes, it will be to take you.  Maybe she comes today, maybe tomorrow.  She is studying us.  She is gathering her people.  She will come – for you.”
“No.  Not me.  We’ve been here a year and she has made no effort.  She wants Sara.  Girl genius.  In the meantime, the FBI has flown home.  Sitting around the office in Chicago talking about their great time in Wisconsin.  Nothing for them to worry about.  If we need them, we’ll just call.  Let the girl run her numbers.  Leave her in peace to finish her dissertation.  Vasily, we are on our own.” 
“Just you and me.”  Vasily pressed his mouth to Catherine’s ear.  Then he bit lightly on her ear lobe.
“Stop that.”  Catherine twisted her head, but then brought it right back where it was.
“We should have been doing this all along.  Call it ‘whispering foreplay’ or something.  Give me time to wash my hands, and I’ll do some whispering in our bedroom.”
“You need to wash up and then put on something formal.  Sara finished the girls’ new dresses.  They want to show you tonight at dinner.”
“Colonel Primikov will escort them to dinner.  But give me some time to do some scouting first.”
“Scouting?”  Catherine backed away from Vasily.  “I don’t…”  She stopped herself and moved back to him, her arms tight around his back, her mouth at his ear.  “Don’t even think about it.  I need you here.  Right here.”  Her voice was loud in his ear, and her arms were tight around his chest.
“Never leave the initiative to the enemy.”  He kissed her cheek, nibbled on her ear, and asked her to pull herself tighter.  “Amberg isn’t on the other side of the planet.  Nine miles, maybe ten.  Our caterers open their restaurant at seven.  I leave here at two, meet them when they open, and use their phones.  End of problem.”
“Don’t you dare.”
“I once snuck a tank three miles into Austria.  I can sneak past two or three guys who will be half asleep or huddled down to stay warm.  I call our friends in the FBI, and we all have breakfast together in Amberg.”
“Please don’t.  She says no guns, but I don’t trust her.”
“Don’t trust her.  Trust me.”

Chapter 13
Sara Adams, Girl Genius

Catherine left Vasily and went straight to Sara’s room on the second floor.  Sara was sitting at her desk, her laptop open, papers strewn across her little desk and on the floor around her bare feet.  Sara looked up and began a smile and a greeting.  Catherine was in no mood.  Catherine ignored both.
“I want you gone.”  
Catherine stood next to the desk and looked down at Sara.  Sara made no reply.  She sat still, her hands now folded in her lap, her face upturned.  Calm.  Serene.  She looked at Catherine and waited.  Catherine felt like slapping her.
“This is all because of you.”  Catherine felt herself leaning towards the desk, like one of her hands might lash out.
Still no reaction from Sara.  Hands in lap, face upturned, her hair parted in the middle and flowing evenly down her back.  Waiting.
Catherine caught her breath.  She was looking down at a small woman.  In some ways still a girl/woman.  Striking her, well, Catherine was not a bully.  And, she knew better.  Twenty years of training in how to do an interview.  How to query a prisoner.  Threats just delayed confessions.  Time to back up and start again.
Catherine took a seat on the edge of Sara’s bed.  Now she was at Sara’s eye level.  No longer a threat.  Well, maybe some.  She worked on her breathing, got her pulse rate down, and returned to standard interview procedures.
“Sara, it would help me if you told me more about yourself.”
“Not much to tell, Catherine.  You know, grew up in Madison went to high school and college in Madison.  Still there.  That’s my life.  Madison and school.”
“And your family?”
“No brothers or sisters.  Mom and dad are both accountants.  Both partners in a big firm in town.”
“And your research.  It involves accounting?”
“No.”  Sara laughed, then got up and joined Catherine on edge of the bed.  “I’m a CPA, but that was just to prove I was listening all those nights as they talked shop over dinner.”  She continued to smile at Catherine.  She also reached over and took Catherine’s hand.
“Accounting wasn’t your major, but you still became a CPA.”
“You don’t need to major in accounting to be a CPA.  There are some courses you take, and then you sit for the exam.  I’ve seen math majors sit for the exam just to have a career choice.  For what it’s worth, I also took the CFA exam.  I had a girlfriend who was a finance major but terrified of exams.  She asked me to help her study.  I even signed up for the exam and we worked together on the practice tests.  We both passed.”
“You are a CPA, and CFA, and are about to be a Ph.D.”
“Catherine, numbers are easy for me.  People are complicated.  Numbers are not.”  She slid up against Catherine and was now holding her hand in both of hers.  Her gaze never left Catherine’s face.  And her expression never changed.  A smile.  A perfect smile.
“And the numbers you have been working on for your Ph.D. research – the ones that have something to do with all the deaths in the 1890s.  Have you shared those numbers with people?”
“My committee has seen all the numbers.  They have been helping tweak my model.  And my advisor published a version of my model and some background in a very minor anthropology journal.  Poor guy.  He was up for post-tenure review and needed to show he was still an active scholar.  So he published my work.  But he did include me as second author.”
“How minor was the anthropology journal?”  Catherine twisted toward Sara so she would study her face as she answered.
“It would barely register on any citation index, but I did get half a dozen emails from anthropologists.  Funny, they emailed me, not my advisor.  I guess they understood who had really done the work.”
“Do you remember who some of those people were?”
“Professors.  Really from all over.  It got into some serious discussions with a man from Germany.  He was doing research similar to mine.  Had some great ideas, and sent me some additional journal articles to read.”
“Which university in Germany?”
“Dresden University of Technology.”
“And this man’s age?”
“I looked him up.  Mid-sixties.  He is quite famous over there.”
“Sara, you were communicating with a man at a university in the former East Germany.  And, given his age, he would have been raised under the communists.”
No reaction from Sara.  She held Catherine’s hand, smiled at her, and waited.
“You knew this, right?”  Catherine was nearly shouting.
Still no reaction.  Catherine felt like slapping her again.  Instead, she reverted to recommended interviewing techniques.  If the subject doesn’t answer, wait.  Let silence be your friend.
Silence prevailed.  They sat looking at each other, Sara still holding Catherine’s hand, the two of them now tight against each other.  Catherine disciplined herself.  She wanted to ask another question.  She wanted to shout.  She wanted to grab Sara around the shoulders and shake her.  Instead, she sat.  Until she could no longer be silent.
“When did Anya contact you?”
“Actually I contacted her.  Klaus and I had been exchanging emails for about two months when he mentioned an Anya Antonov who was doing research I might find interesting.  I used the email address he gave me, and she replied a couple days later.”
“And you sent her your mathematical model.”
“No.  I sent her a copy of the article my advisor had published.  It includes part of my model, really just an outline of the concepts I included.  I used it to introduce myself.”
“When you heard me and Vasily talking about Anya, you didn’t think to mention this?”
“Catherine, you and Ms. Antonov are married.  You don’t need me to tell you about her.”
“We’re not really married.”
“Of course you are.  I’ve seen all the pictures.”
“All what pictures?”
“She has them on her FaceBook page.  You look beautiful by the way.  And truly happy.  You must miss her.”  Sara leaned across Catherine, hugged her, and then whispered.  “I wish I had been the one marrying you.”
Catherine pushed Sara back.
“Sara, two things you need to know.  First, Anya is a very dangerous woman.  Second, we are going to find a way to get you back to Madison.  Hopefully in the next day or two.”
Sara made no response.  She continued to hug Catherine, her face turned up and close.  It was an attractive face in an inviting position.  It certainly looked like she was waiting for a kiss.  It took Catherine a moment or two, but she was able to back away from Sara and stand.  As she left the room, she caught a view of Sara out of the corner of her eye.  Hands on lap, still sitting on the bed, a quiet smile on her face as she watched Catherine leave.

Chapter 14
Dressing for Dinner

Catherine found Vasily in the shower.  He had a bar of soap in his hands and was struggling to clear away grease and dirt.  Catherine closed the bathroom door, stripped, and joined him in the shower.
“Here, let me.”
Catherine stood with her back to Vasily and pulled his hands around her.  They were a mess.  Bandages from past work injuries, small abrasions from his new struggles with his truck, lots of dirt deep under his fingernails.  Catherine worked soap through his fingers.  She also backed tight up against him.  It only took a moment, and she could feel him get erect.  She backed up even tighter.
“You know what I want tonight.”  She pushed back tighter in case he didn’t understand her meaning.
“I want it too.  And something else.”
Catherine edged forward.  She didn’t want to hear about “something else.”  It was an unnecessary risk.  Help would come if they waited.  Probably.  Maybe.  Maybe before Anya came for Sara.
She continued working on his hands.  The hands of a colonel who had commanded a thousand troops and a hundred tanks.  Now he fixed furnaces in the homes of old people.  How did he feel about that?  About her?  How could he possibly feel?  A life of cobwebs, dirt, and broken furnaces.
“You don’t have to do this.”  She turned and faced him, her arms up around his neck.  “This job.  I do workshops for women.  You could do them for men.  We could alternate weekends.”
“I could teach them tank strategies.”
“We could buy some ATVs and you could take men out into the woods.  Take a few guns and shoot things.  Do men stuff.”
“This is my favorite men stuff.”  He got his hands under her and lifted.  He pressed her back against the shower wall, and slowly lowered her onto him.  “With your consent.”  He was already partly into her, but he stopped and waited.
“How long can you hold me like this before you lose your mind?”
“I lost it when you got in the shower with me.”
“Finish what you started, Vasily.  For godsakes finish.”  Catherine tightened her arms around his neck, kissed his throat, and moaned as he rocked into her.
Catherine didn’t want to leave the shower.  She stayed wrapped around Vasily until the last of the hot water was gone.  Then both of them rushed to change.  Catherine pulled on another of her bridesmaid dresses.  Peach.  Off the shoulder, lots of ruffles, wide skirts.  It came with a matching peach hat with a brim that took the thing out over two feet in diameter.  Very southern.  Not good at an outdoor wedding.  She had spent the afternoon with one hand on a drink and the other hand on her hat.  It still blew off several times.  Each man who brought it back got a dance.  One man got more.  
There were no matching shoes, but white sandals go with just about everything.  She strapped them on, pulled up her skirts, and rushed for the kitchen.  She was tempted to do mac and cheese for all five of them, but after a search in the back of her refrigerator she found several pork steaks that could be reheated.  She boiled some mac and cheese for the kids and some pasta for the adults.  Vegetable?  No, they could survive one night without getting scurvy.  Dinner was ready.
Sara came down dressed in one of her formals.  A lighter shade of yellow, long skirts, low neckline.  Very low.  She would have been the hit of any fraternity party.  The prize reserved for the most aggressive frat boy.  Catherine sent her off to light the candles while she poured apple juice into champagne flutes.  Dinner was served.
Catherine and Sara stood side by side as Vasily escorted the princesses in their new gowns.  A girl on each arm.  Both with face-breaking smiles.  Each peeking over her shoulder to watch their gowns slide over the hardwood floors.  Each keeping shoulders back and chin up.  Dignity.  Dignity and pure joy.  Catherine leaned toward Sara and thanked her.
“Ladies,” Vasily brought the girls close and then stopped.  “I have the pleasure of introducing the Princess Valentina…”  Valentina did a deep curtsey.  Catherine and Sara curtseyed in response.  “And the Princess Annika.”  More curtseys.  “Both rule in the land of lakes and enchanted forests.  They bring you best wishes and promise protection from enchanted beings.”
“Welcome.”  Catherine started another round of curtseys.  “I welcome you to Lake Castle.  Home of enchanted beings and Packer fans.  King Vasily, if you would escort the ladies to places of honor at our banquet table.”
There were more bows and curtseys but Vasily eventually got the girls seated before their mac and cheese.  Vasily made a toast to the honored guests, and finally everyone started eating.  Catherine was tempted to warn the girls that future meals would include vegetables, but chose not to spoil the moment.
“Ladies,” Sara waited until the girls were mostly finished with dinner, then leaned toward them.  “Your gowns are beautiful.  Rarely have I seen anything so fine.  But I wonder.  I know a seamstress who might be able to add a series of wide ruffles to the skirts.  Would that interest you?”
“Like Belle.”  Valentina and Annie shouted almost in unison.  Just in case their parents had not noticed in the twenty or thirty times they had seen Beauty and the Beast, the girls interrupted each other a dozen times explaining that Belle’s ball gown was golden just as theirs were, but it also had three wide ruffles down the skirt.  After every third description, there was a “Please, mom, could we?”
“I think we have the material for that, and the seamstress and I can each do part of the sewing.”  Catherine wanted back at the sewing machine.  And back to close work with her daughters.
Agreement in hand, the girls were so excited they could barely sit still.  Princesses were now little girls again.  Catherine liked the change.
“Shall there be a ball this evening?”  Sara leaned again toward the girls.  “I understand the king is a marvelous dancer.”
“YES.”  Both girls shouted.  It was clear they each wanted to jump from their chairs and rush to the great room.  But Catherine made them wait until everyone had finished eating.  They showed pretty good patience for excited young girls.  And finally Catherine excused them.
The ball?  They used their waltz CD and danced large circles in the great room, Vasily raising each girl off the ground on turns.  The girls screamed and giggled and anxiously awaited their next dance with their father.  No ride at Disneyland was as eagerly awaited as the next dance with daddy.
Whichever girl was not dancing with Vasily took the arm of Catherine or Sara.  Endless bows, endless curtseys, and happy girls.  Eventually the CD reached the last waltz.  Catherine claimed the last dance with Vasily.  The girls stood, watched, and applauded as Vasily pulled Catherine into huge circles, filling much of the great room.  And they giggled when the dance ended and the two stood close, held each other, and then kissed.  Catherine held her man and held the kiss as the girls yelled, “yeah mommy.”  And the evening was over.  
More bows, many more curtseys.  Sara climbed the stairs to her room, Catherine and Vasily led two very excited girls back to their room.


Chapter 15
He Leaves

The girls wanted a story before bed, but eventually they were tucked in and ready to sleep.  Final kisses from dad and mom, final adjustment to the covers.  They slept.
Catherine wouldn’t.  Vasily planned to leave soon.  That gave Catherine very little time to change his mind.  Her plan was simple – get him in bed and keep him there.  She started in their closet.  Would he help unzip this or hold that.  Off-the-shoulder sleeves got lower and lower, slower and slower as she stood closer and closer.
Vasily played with her zipper, and lowered her gown, but mostly he just held her tight.  He didn’t want a fight.  He didn’t want to talk.  He took her in his arms and held her.  She lay her head on his shoulder.  He held her tighter.  She pressed herself against him.  He held her.  She tried to get her dress off.  He held her.  She told him to take her to bed.  He held her.  She twisted to free herself.  He held her.
“Vasily, I’m going to get into that bed, and you are going to fuck me until dawn.”  He held her.
“At least let me change into my nightgown.”  He held her.
“Vasily, please.  Let me go.  Let me change.  Let me get into bed, and then you can decide how you want to spent this night.”
Vasily let her go.  Catherine dropped her dress and found what she thought was her most attractive night gown.  White satin, short skirt, breasts clearly visible.  He would notice.  She was sure.  She stood to make sure he got a good look, then did a red carpet walk to their bed and slid in, making sure the covers covered almost nothing. 
He watched.  He told her she was beautiful.  He told her he desired her.  He told her he wanted her now and forever.  Then he took off his suit and began pulling on winter underwear and black clothing.
Catherine cried, but didn’t beg.
He sat at the side of the bed lacing his boots.  He caressed her face, played a bit with her hair, leaned down to kiss her, and then left.
Vasily had a plan.  First step, the garage.  Nothing odd about him being in the garage.  After all, he had been working on his truck all day.  Why not in the evening too?  He handled one tool or another, searched about in cabinets, and made a big show of measuring and cutting wires.  Finally, he turned off all the lights, and went out the side door towards the lodge.  He opened the side door of the lodge, closed the side door, and then quickly rushed around to the back of the house.
Second step.  Wait.  He carefully stepped through piles of leaves, got to the far side of the lodge, and then just knelt down.  Fifteen minutes.  He would wait fifteen minutes both to let his eyes adjust to the darkness, and for any watchers to see nothing.  He assumed they had night vision goggles.  But he had worn goggles.  They were heavy, pulled necks in an uncomfortable direction, and didn’t have great range.  Ideally, a sentry would scan an area, but no one spends hour after hour constantly turning their head from one side to another.  Watching green shapes.  The same green shapes they saw the last time they scanned.  Human beings just aren’t wired to do that.  So Vasily waited.  They had seen him go into the garage and they might have thought they saw him go back into the house.  They had seen nothing since.
Kneeling for fifteen minutes.  Easier when he had been in his twenties.  Now it hurt, but he could stand a little pain.  He was disciplined.  He gave it the full fifteen minutes before moving again.
Step three.  Get across the road to a path that ran along the edge of the lake.  While working on his truck he had made a path by kicking leaves out of the way.  A wide path.  A path that went from the garage to the truck and from the truck to the lodge.  He slowly stood, got his legs comfortable again, then took careful strides along the side of the lodge and then across the road.  He was visible the whole way.  If they were looking to this side of the lodge, he was done.  But they weren’t.  He got across the road and to a clump of pines next to Catherine’s beach.  Success.
Step four.  Here there was no preparation.  He knew of a path made along the shore.  Dozens of workshops had taken women along the lake edge to take pictures or position easels to paint water colors.  It cut around small creeks and through clumps of trees.  It was also completely covered with fall leaves.  He did the best he could, but no one is silent in the forest.  He went slowly, he stepped carefully, he made the least noise he knew how to make.  He spent an hour getting to the far end of the lake.
Step five.  There were two cabins on the southern end of the lake.  Small things built back in the 1950s.  Empty.  Always for sale.  They gave him some cover.  But now he had to cross the road again.  Across Lake Road was a deer trail he had taken several times.  It led to an abandoned farm.  Deer crossed the road to drink, then crossed back to feast on whatever fruit was available in an old orchard.  Last year Vasily had gotten an eight point buck walking along that trail.  Now he hoped he would not be the one being shot.
Once again he was completely visible as he crossed the road.  Would there be sentries this far from the lodge?  Unlikely, but he moved fast just in case.  Across to the woods and down the trail.  After a hundred yards he began to feel pretty confident.  Sentries didn’t come in unlimited quantities.  And they didn’t generally come in multiple layers.  Break through the first circle, and you were pretty safe.  Vasily didn’t get cocky, but he did stand straighter and walk a bit faster.  Fifteen minutes later he was at the farm.
The old farm house had burned down.  The fields behind it were going over to poplars and pines.  The barn still stood, although it was leaning more to one side than he remembered.  Another winter, maybe two, and it would collapse.  A dozen apple trees stood in rows at its side.  This year’s fruit was down.  Eaten, or rotting.  A bit of fermentation.  Happy deer.  
Vasily stayed in the woods, following the edge of the field until he was sheltered by the barn.  Sheltered from one direction, exposed from all the others.  He hurried along its side, then stopped at its corner to look up and down the road.  Cars?  Might be friend.  Might be foe.  But in October, in the empty corner of Wisconsin, the road was silent.
Several careful breaths, another look, another listen, and he stepped out from the barn.  South.  Amberg would be about eight miles south.  Just follow the road.  He could do it in two hours.
He made it just over a mile.  One car came from the south, one from the north.  Each had a driver and a man with a rifle.  Vasily looked left and right.  Empty fields.  Abandoned farms.  Young trees that would reach full size in a couple decades.  Too young now to provide wood pulp.  And too young to provide cover.  Vasily could run, but he couldn’t outrun a car or a bullet.
All four of the men got out of their cars.  They followed procedures Vasily recognized.  On his knees first, then on his face, his hands behind his back.  Two men held rifles on him.  M16s. One man bound his hands with plastic cuffs, one man searched him.  No weapons, no phone, no wallet.  But they knew who he was.
“You should have stayed with your wife and kids.  But tankers don’t like to stay stationary, do they?”
Vasily turned his head so he could look up at the men.  No masks.  No effort to hide their faces.  Even a bit of posing as he studied them.  Smug.  They wanted him to look.  No fear he would identity them later.  The reason was easy enough.  They planned to kill him.
“You are going to come with us.”  The speaker pointed a rifle down at Vasily.  Young guy.  Probably early thirties.  They all were.  Early thirties, military clothing, military haircuts, military posture.  They might have been National Guard off on a weekend drill.  “You will do what you are told.  If you give us trouble, we will break your other foot.”  
Before Vasily could react, one of the men brought the butt of his rifle down on his right foot.  Vasily heard the bones snap.  He also heard himself scream.  Then he was yanked up and pushed into the back seat of the nearest car.  His body did what bodies do.  Sweat ran down his face.  His heart raced.  He worried he might go into shock.  Worse, he knew he had accomplished nothing.

Chapter 16
Waiting

Sara was in Catherine’s bed ten minutes after Vasily left.  She slid up tight against Catherine and put a hand over Catherine’s mouth as Catherine started to object.  Pillows.  She positioned one so both their heads were on it, then took the second pillow and laid it over their heads.  Even with that sound barrier over their heads, she still whispered.
“I thought you might want some company while you waited.”
“Wait for what?”
“Catherine, I saw him go around the back of the lodge.  And don’t tell me he is just taking a walk.”
“He is being stupid.”
“He is being a man.  A good man.”
The room was dark, and the pillow made everything even darker.  But their faces were just inches apart.  They could feel each other’s breath and see a shine in each other’s eyes.  Sara could see tears.  She put a hand on Catherine’s back and slowly drew circles up and down her spine.  She felt Catherine’s back muscles begin to relax.
“Tell me about him.  How did you meet?”
There was a long pause and it appeared Catherine might not answer.  She took several breaths and then told the story.
“He was bait.  I figured that out later.  Here was this beautiful man who just happened to also be an army officer, recent widower, two small children.  A man looking for a wife.  Perfect bait for me.  Two dinners together and I was in his bed.  And he warned me Russia might be dangerous for me.  Which gave me more faith in him, and lessened my fears about Russia.  He never knew he was bait, but he was perfect.”
“You followed him to Russia?”
“Not directly.  I was with Anya.  She came here, showed me her State Department credentials, explained the Quixote conspiracy to me, and asked for my help.  Russians were using images of me to cause women to do really bad things.  I was to go with Anya and look for the source of the conspiracy.  She was clever.  She didn’t take me straight to Moscow.  I wouldn’t have gone.  She got me there in stages.  First to Washington to meet some woman supposedly from the White House.  She sent us to Germany to meet this potential lead.  That was Vasily who knew nothing, but by my third day with him, I was thinking about him and his daughters.  Next stop, Moscow.”
“With Anya.”
“Anya.  A Russian spy working in the State Department and the real organizer of the Quixote conspiracy.  She moved me into her apartment near Gorky Park and kept me there four months.”
“You married her.”
“I loved her.  We were lovers already here in Amberg, and we were lovers as we crossed Europe.  She was a spy, and she was my jailer.  But she was also my protector and my lover.  Things might have gone far worse for me in Moscow if she hadn’t protected me.”
“Then you married Vasily.”
“Anya wanted to stay with me in Moscow, but her superiors wanted her back in Washington to do more spying.  She tried to put me with one of her girlfriends, but they were afraid the police might come calling.  I was thinking my next stop might be a Gulag.  Then Vasily came for me.  He and his daughters.  They lived hours outside Moscow, so I think his town was considered safe, and he was considered safe.  I had to wear an ankle monitor and I could only be in a small corner of the town, but I loved him and his daughters and I was content to spend my life with them.”
“You renounced your American citizenship.”
“Who have you been talking to?”
“Deidre.  She seems to know you.”
“We have a history.”
“And your citizenship?”
“I knew the paperwork would go to the American embassy.  It would tell them where I was and who I was with.  It was also a middle finger for not getting me out of Moscow.  I was not happy with the State Department.”
“And…”
“And I did it for Vasily.  His girls needed a permanent mother.  I wanted to show him I would be his wife and their mother permanently.  I was a Russian now.”
“But you were married to Anya.”
“Are we going to talk all night?”
“Do you plan to sleep?”
“No.  Not until he is back home.”
“Then tell me.  You married Anya.”
“Same sex marriage is not legal in Russia.  It never will be.  We married in Germany.”
“I think I have seen all the pictures.  I thought it was beautiful, by the way.  And I saw you were happy.  You were the perfect bride.”
“I wore the dress, and I said the words, and we signed a paper attesting to our love.  And I did love her.  I needed her protection, but that’s not why I married her.  I loved her.”
“Now you have married Vasily and adopted his girls.”
“Our girls.  We have filed all the paperwork, had the home visits and the background checks.  Two weeks from now we stand before a judge and it is all final.”
“Two weeks?”
“Yes.”
“Catherine, Anya is not coming for me.  She is coming for you.  She has two weeks to reclaim her wife.”
Catherine froze.  It was true.  She was certain.  She hadn’t seen it.  But she should have.  Anya was coming for her.  She stopped breathing.  She looked past Sara.  Through the partially opened door into the girls’ room.  Her daughters.  They had been her daughters for two years.  They were to be her daughters forever.  Her castle princesses.  She turned her face into her pillow and wailed.
“Catherine?  Catherine?”  Sara hugged her.  “Vasily will get to town.  He’ll make the calls.  There will be a dozen FBI agents up here by noon.”
Sara leaned over Catherine.  She pulled her hair away from her face and kissed her cheek, then her neck, then her cheek again.  She kept slowly pulling on Catherine’s hair until her head turned.  Then she kissed her mouth.  And she pushed on Catherine’s shoulder, forcing her onto her back.
And they had sex.  Obviously Sara had been with women before.  She climbed onto Catherine’s chest, set her mouth on Catherine’s, and used both hands to please Catherine.  She made it clear Catherine was to please her as well, and she showed Catherine what she wanted.  Both ended up gasping for breath and moaning.
It felt so good.  When they were done, Catherine held Sara across her chest, with Sara resting her head on her shoulder.  There were more kisses.  More touches.  More whispers of love.  Gradually their breathing slowed.  They settled, and they drifted off.  Catherine felt the woman on her chest.  A small, beautiful woman.  Warm, soft, rising and falling as Catherine breathed.  Already asleep.  So young.  So vulnerable.  So perfect.  Catherine slowly stroked the woman’s hair.  And she wondered if she had just made love to Sara or to her memories of Anya.

Chapter 17
A Very Long Day

It was seven thirty by the time dawn started pushing light through Catherine’s window.  Seven thirty.  No call.  No car in the drive.  No man in her bed.
Sara slid out of bed, her nightgown clinging to her.
“Wear something nice.  He’ll come back to you soon.  I am sure of it.”  Quick kiss, hopeful smile, and Sara raced out of the room.
Catherine lay on her back, looking at the window and at her clock.  And listening.  The morning was silent.  No rustle of leaves, no cars on the road.  Catherine climbed out of bed, washed herself, then dressed.  Wear something nice.  For whom?  Vasily?  Anya?  Sara?  Catherine had a fall dress.  Fall colors, a light synthetic fabric.  Long sleeves, a fairly high neck line, but a flared skirt that reached her knees.  Endless fabric.  Light.  Almost gauze.  It moved.  It moved as she walked, it rustled with every step, it slid across her hips at every turn.  Vasily liked it.  His hand was always on her ass when she wore it.  She wore it for him.
The girls were up.  They slept so deeply each morning was like a whole new start to them.  They moved slowly, they dressed as if they had to remember how.  Sometimes they could find their socks, sometimes they couldn’t.  Catherine sat on the edge of Valentina’s bed and worked on their hair.  Ponytail for Annie, pigtails yet again for Valentina, both wrapped up with scrunchies.  
Catherine took her time.  She pulled their hair back four or five times before she was ready to wrap a scrunchy around ponytail or pigtail.  Before she was ready to let them run off.   Each girl got a hug before and after Catherine worked on their hair.  Each hug was long.  Each hug was close.  Each hug reflected Catherine’s love – and her fear.  She knew the girls were sensitive.  They would notice any change in routine.  Any change in behavior.  So she let them go before she wanted to.  Her girls.  Girls that would be hers – officially – in two weeks.  If Anya allowed it.  
They were fully dressed in jeans and polos before they thought to ask the question Catherine feared.
“Where’s daddy?”  Annie asked it.  Annie the worrier.  But Valentina watched carefully as Catherine answered.
“He’s working on his truck again today.  Something called ‘a starter’ burned out and some wires caught fire.  So he has a lot of work to do.”
“Do we have school today?”  This from Valentina.  
“No.  They texted again.  They have trouble with wires too.  It will take two more days to replace all the bad wires in the school.”
“But Halloween.”  Valentina was getting upset.
“The Halloween program isn’t until the end of next week.  School will certainly be fixed by then.”
“But what if it isn’t?”  Valentina was now on the verge of tears.
“No problem.  We will invite both your classes to the castle for a party here.  Okay?”
Suddenly the problem was solved.  Both girls had thrown birthday parties at the castle.  They could already envision how a Halloween party would go.  Suddenly they both had face-breaker smiles and were bouncing up and down.  A party at the castle.  Their castle.
Catherine took their hands and led them to the kitchen.  The girls chattered on about the party.  Suddenly all interest in the school program was gone.
Breakfast was oatmeal.  Catherine stirred up enough for the girls, herself, and Sara, and left plenty to simmer for when Vasily got home.  The kitchen was on the far end of the lodge from the driveway, so she would not be able to see him arrive, but she was sure she would hear him, even with the girls talking nonstop about their gowns and the party that had somehow become a “ball.”  No, there would be no dancing, they decided, but there would be no silly games either.  They didn’t seem too sure what that left.  Catherine let them talk while she served the oatmeal and strained to hear any sound out front of the lodge.
“Mommy, you’re pretty.”  Valentina said that any time Catherine wore a dress.  But this morning Catherine did feel pretty.  She felt the skirt move around her as she came to the table.  And she knew Vasily would be watching – if he were there.
“Yes, Catherine, you look lovely this morning.”  Sara spooned some oatmeal into a bowl and joined them at the kitchen table.  She was dressed in orange.  Short sleeves, puffed shoulders, flared skirt above her knees.  The dress made her took smaller, and younger, and very attractive.  She took a chair next to Catherine, her hand sliding along Catherine’s thigh as she seated herself.
“Have we heard from the school?”  she asked Catherine.  Valentina answered.
“The school has bad wires.  If the wires are still bad next week, we will have a ball at the castle.  Help us think of things to do.  No dancing.”
“That should be fun.  And your ball gowns will be perfect.  Catherine, if you like, I can work on the ruffles this morning.”
“I think we should both work on the ruffles.  One of us can sew while the other pins.”  Catherine emphasized “I think we should…”  Sara instantly nodded agreement.  Catherine wanted to be part of this.  Catherine would stay close to the girls.  Sara understood why.  She already regretted raising Catherine's fears about Anya.  She looked at Catherine and saw a face filled with stress as it worked to tamp down her fear of losing the girls.
The stress didn’t abate as they returned to the bedroom and the sewing machine.  The girls were quick to climb back into their gown, and stood perfectly still as Sara and Catherine measured and pinned each of the wide ruffles.  They did their part.  Catherine couldn’t do hers.  They had determined to fold each ruffle and sew it along the edge before sewing it to the main skirt.  Sara had done the cutting and the folding.  Each piece was just two or three feet in length and the thread line was straight.  Catherine should have been able to push it through the machine in a minute or two.  She couldn’t.  She went off line, or bunched the material.  Every five or six inches she made some mistake and had to tear out and start over.  She was on the verge of crying when Sara asked for help with the pinning.  Could Catherine do the pinning?  Sara would sew.  
They changed places and progress resumed.  Catherine pinned each ruffle to the skirt.  She stayed on her knees, her arms around each girl, her hands touching the girls, her arms hugging each girl as a ruffle was fully pinned.  And she talked to each girl.  She stood so well.  She was showing such patience.  She was being so helpful. She was… well, the list went on.  Touches, hugs, words.  
Catherine stayed close.  But little girls are little girls.  Patience had its limits.  Standing still is not easy.  There were three wide ruffles for each skirt.  Three pieces of material that had to be folded, pinned, sewn, then pinned to the skirt and sewn on.  They were good for the first ruffle, not bad for the second, but the third ruffle – the one that would begin its fall from their waist, was not only the third time to stand perfectly still, but this one needed to connect with their zipper.  Wiggling started, and turning, and slouching.  Catherine and Sara knew they were done for the morning.
“What if I take these upstairs and finish the sewing there.  The light is better in my room, and I can use a needle and thread around the zippers.”  The girls were out of their gowns before Sara had finished making her offer.  Sara gathered up the gowns and needle and thread and left the room.
Catherine stayed and began a series of questions.  Would they like to take a walk?  Should they collect some leaves?  How about a board game?  What if she read to them?  The girls’ response was to put a DVD in their TV.  They had been standing.  Now they wished to be sitting.  Disney movies would fill the next several hours.
Catherine sat with them for a while, an arm around each shoulder.  She lasted through the initial songs in Beauty and the Beast, and then got restless.  The girls didn’t seem to notice when she rose from their couch and left the room.  First stop – her bathroom.  A comb through her hair.  A bit of eyeliner for the first time in weeks.  Just a touch of blush on her cheeks.  Then to the front windows.  
The morning was cold.  And gray.  The lake was like glass.  There was already some ice along the shore.  The ice would reach farther out across the lake during the day.  But more important than what she could see was what she couldn’t.  No car in the drive or along Lake Road.  No Vasily.  Catherine rarely wore a watch, but she had that morning.  She checked it again.  The plan was to be at the Amberg restaurant when they opened at seven.  Call the FBI, borrow a car, drive home by seven thirty.  It was after eleven.  Catherine moved from side to side.  Her skirt slid across her hips.  Here I am, Vasily.  Come get me.  
She felt stress building.  Her hands were now fists.  It was time to do something.  Anything.  Anything other than stand another minute at those windows.
She went upstairs to clean bathrooms.  Six bathrooms.  Six floors to mop, six sinks to polish, six toilets to clean.  Six mirrors that always had some gunk on them that needed to be scraped off.  Gunk.  Something to be angry about.  Something she couldn’t quite punch, but she could scrape it with some passion.  And be angry about whoever had sprayed toothpaste or hand soap or something clear up on the mirror.  How did they get anything clear up there?  The mirrors were high.  The sinks were low.  Gunk in the sinks made sense.  Gunk on mirrors did not.  How did they do that?  What was the fundamental physics of mirror gunk?
Catherine had nearly scraped the glass off three mirrors before she felt herself calm.  Simple tasks.  Her basic approach to stress in Kandahar, in Washington traffic, in the mud-lined alleys of Iraq.  Do the simple stuff.  She preached it to her soldiers and to herself.  And it worked.  Mostly.  
She did five bathrooms and then approached Sara’s room.  She was sitting at her desk, needle in hand, one gown done, the second gown close.  Catherine raised the first dress and looked at the zipper.  Zippers were hard.  Zippers joining an underskirt and a wide ruffle was more than hard.  This one looked perfect.
“You do good work.”
“I did all my own formals.  I wanted control.  My waist is short, my breasts are small, I wanted a dress that actually fit.”
“Sara, you are a very attractive woman.”  
“Do you like being large?  I think it would be great.”
Catherine had been standing next to Sara’s desk.  Now she sat on the edge of her bed.  She took off her work gloves and set them in her wash bucket.
“Yes, it has advantages.”  Catherine said no more.  She sensed Sara had more to say, so she waited.
“If you are small, when you go to parties, you end up in rooms, or in corners.  Everyone is so big.  And the boys are drawn to you.  You are pretty.  You are little.  They move towards you.  You move back.  You end up in a corner.  Sometimes in a room.  And they do what they want.”
Sara had turned in her chair and was facing Catherine.  She held her head up.  She looked at Catherine eye to eye.  Her face held no anger, just frustration.
“I avoid most parties, Catherine.  Some you know will be trouble.  But I do go to some.  And I do drink.  And I talk to boys.  Some I like.  And sometimes I will go with them into that room.  Sometimes they will take me into that room.  And they will do what they want.  All boys will do what they want when you are my size.”
Catherine said nothing.  Sara was not asking for advice.  None would be offered.  Time passed.  Finally Catherine said what she felt.
“I was forty six when I met Vasily.  The first man to love me as I loved him.  And even at my size, there were men who did what they wanted.”
“You had Deidre.”
“She left me after just three months.”
“Were they good months?”
Catherine studied Sara.  From her expression it seemed she was asking a simple question.  But there seemed to be something more going on.
“Yes, they were good months.  I was angry when she left.”
“And Anya?  Was she good with you?”
“She lied to me.  She hurt me, and she hurt my country.  But yes, in her own way she was good to me.  Or at least she tried.”
Twice Sara opened her mouth to say something, and twice she closed it.  Finally she said it.
“Anya has asked to see me.  She is interested in my model, but she is also interested in me.  We have exchanged pictures.  Intimate pictures.”
“Now I am confused.  She isolates us so she can get to us.  Maybe she wants to enforce our marriage agreement and keep me from adopting my girls.  Maybe she is not coming for me at all.  She is coming for you.  And maybe your model.”
“She will be here sometime in the next three days.”
“She can’t come here.  She can’t.  No airport would let her enter the country.”
“She will be here in the next three days.  She is sure of it.”
“I think it’s more likely her men will take us to her.  Unless I can stop it.”
Catherine rose from the bed and strode from the room.  What the hell?  She repeated that thought a dozen times as she rushed down the stairs and to the front windows.  Nothing.  Gray skies.  Ice.  No Vasily.  What the hell?

The afternoon was a mixture of highs and lows.  The highs?  Lunch.  Just a simple gathering in her kitchen.  PB&Js and a fruit cup.  But her girls were there.  They were close, and they were happy.  They had thought of one game to play at their ball.  They described it five different ways, interrupting each other as they explained.  They were happy.  Catherine enjoyed their smiles, and their talk.  And their touch as she put down their sandwiches or picked up their empty plates, her hands on their hair, making a quick adjustment to a pony or pigtail.  Both did a good job getting jelly off their fingers and milk off their upper lip, but Catherine took a washcloth to both, holding them tight while she cleaned them.  Holding them as tight and as long as she could.
The dresses were a high, of course.  Sara brought them down mid-afternoon and the girls were quickly into them.  Annie’s dress was perfect.  Valentina’s was a bit off.  It was clear Sara had struggled with the stitching around the zipper.  The material had bunched.  But the zipper worked and Valentina didn’t notice.  Catherine certainly wasn’t going to ask Sara to redo her work.  Up went the zipper and off went a happy little girl swirling and turning and looking for a mirror.  
The lows?  Also the gowns.  They wanted their daddy to see.  They wanted dinner in the formal dining room, candle light, and dancing after dinner with daddy.  Where was he?
“I looked in the garage.  He’s not there.”  Catherine should have expected Annie to go looking.  She wasn’t ready for the question.  She played a bit with Annie’s sleeves while she thought up a passable lie.
“One of his friends from work picked him up.  They went off looking for the parts your father needs.”
“When will he be back?”
“It depends upon how far they have to go.  There is no repair shop in Amberg, but there is a small one in Wausaukee.  Maybe they will find it there.  Maybe they will have to go to Green Bay.”
“When will he come home?”  There was insistence in her question.  And a hint of desperation.  Where was her father?
“Annie, I don’t know.  It takes an hour just to get to Green Bay, and they may have to look in many repair shops.  He might not get back until after dinner.”
Valentina was on the verge of tears.  Annie was also tearful, but there was more in her expression.  She was looking hard at Catherine.  Nine year olds don’t read minds, but they do read faces.  She studied Catherine.  Catherine looked back as calmly as she could, and she kept her hands busy adjusting Annie’s sleeves.
“Do your sleeves fit comfortably?”  Time to change the subject.
“Yes.”  Annie moved her arms to show the sleeves fit.  
Valentina saved the day.  She had been standing still as long as she cared to.  She was off to the great room, moving fast and watching her skirts slide behind her.  She was Belle.  Annie quickly followed, the two of them arguing about where the great room furniture would have to be placed for their game.
Sara and Catherine were left in the girls’ room.  Sara instantly had one arm around Catherine’s shoulders and one in her hair.  Even on her toes she couldn’t reach Catherine’s face, but she pulled herself tight against Catherine’s neck.
“Anya won’t hurt Vasily.  I am sure of it.”
“Oddly, after all she has done, I agree.  I still trust her.  At least on that.  She won’t hurt him.  But she will use him.”
Catherine rested her cheek on the top of Sara’s head.  She wondered how many boys had done that.  A pretty little girl in their arms.  They held her and maybe looked over her at other boys and winked.  She let go of Sara and backed away.
“I should finish the bathrooms and you should start packing.  One of us will be leaving here.  Maybe both of us.”

Chapter 18
Pillow Talk

The girls were cranky at dinner and later complained about baths and bedtime.  Some of it was the natural cycle of coming down after the high of the new gowns.  Some of it was the absence of their father.  Some of it was Catherine.  Her smile was gone.  Her fear and frustration levels were high.  Her patience evaporated in the face of endless complaints from the girls.
Why couldn’t they eat in the dining room?  The kitchen was for breakfast and lunch.  Why did they have to take their gowns off?  Why did they have to take a bath if there was no school in the morning?  Why couldn’t they stay up for another movie?  And through it all, every five minutes was, Where is daddy?  Has he texted?  When he calls, can we talk to him?  Tell him our gowns are done.
It took three hours from the start of dinner until the girls were in bed.  It felt five times as long.  Every decision was debated.  Every action was a battle.  Every complaint was followed by yet another complaint.
And then Catherine lost it.  The girls were in pajamas.  Catherine had their covers turned down.  They were already seated on their beds.  She was so near the finish line.  And Annie asked one more time.  “Where’s Daddy?”  
Catherine started crying.  She dropped her head, put her hands to her face, and started crying.  Bawling really.  Not just a little sniffle.  A full blown heart break.  Both girls were stunned.  Both instantly hugged their mother.  And they cried.  The three of them huddled together at the side of Valentina’s bed, their heads touching, their hands wrapped around each other, all of them crying.
“Don’t cry, Mommy.”  Both girls repeated it over and over.  And each time Catherine heard the word “Mommy,” she cried harder.  And she held the girls tighter.  Their cheeks were touching and their tears flowed from one face to another.  And Catherine could not stop crying.
It was Valentina who ended it.
“Daddy will be home soon, Mommy.  Daddy is coming.”
Catherine envisioned Vasily stepping out of a car and walking to their door.  Big, strong Vasily.  Walking to the door.  Hugging the girls.  Hugging Catherine, his hand sliding her skirt across her ass.  Vasily was coming.
Catherine straightened and wiped the tears from her face.  Then she touched the girls’ faces and kissed them.
“Thank you.  I am sorry I cried.  I love you both so much.  I hope I didn’t scare you.”
“Mommies cry.  We know that.  Sometimes daddies too.”
There was another long hug, and then the girls crawled into bed.  Catherine pulled up their covers, sat on the edge of each bed, touched their hair, touched their faces, smiled, and kissed them good night.
“I love you.”  And each of the girls repeated it back to Catherine.

Sara waited an hour before coming down.  Catherine had calmed down some.  She pulled on a long satin nightgown knowing she was probably wearing it for Sara rather than Vasily.  She turned off her lights, slid into bed, and waited.  Outside, a bit of wind, some rustle of the dry leaves yet hanging from surrounding poplars.  No sounds on the road.  
Sara slid in tight, arranged their heads on one pillow, and pulled the other over them.  Catherine objected.
“I don’t think we need to muffle our voices.  They know about Vasily by now.”  But Catherine lay still as Sara played with the pillows.
“My first girlfriend taught me this.  Once the second pillow is in place, it is like the two of us are alone in the universe.”
Sara stopped moving the pillows and the two of them took time to arrange their arms.  Over, under, high, low, they searched for the right position.  They ended up holding each other, and touching each other.  Once their legs were locked together, they settled together, and kissed.
“Catherine, I need you to tell me about Anya.”
“I told you about her last night.  Russian spy.  Got me to Moscow.  Kept me.”
“That’s not what I mean.  I want you to tell me about the two of you.  When you were alone.  How was she?  What did she like?”
Catherine played a bit with Sara’s hair, then slid her hand down to her ass and pulled her tight.
“You won’t have to seduce her, Sara.”
“Yes, but…”
“First I want something from you.  Your model.  The math.  Something about Wisconsin back in the 1890s.  The FBI had you up here for a week, and I think Anya is going to take you to Russia.  They aren’t interested in Wisconsin farmers from some long ago time.” 
“I measure cultures.  And when they collapse.  Wisconsin didn’t collapse back then, but it was close.  People lost their minds.  Survivors were changed.”
“And now?”
“Now?  Now I think we are done.  People take drugs that will kill them.  They won’t take vaccines that will save them.  People scream at school board meetings.  Who ever heard of people even attending school board meetings?  Pick your sign of end times.  We are there.”
“You can predict this.”
“Yes.  And name the causes.  In goes a number for each cause, and out comes the severity of the collapse.”
“This is where I act like Scrooge talking to the ghost of Christmas future.  Can nothing be done?”
“I had ten FBI agents yelling that at me all last week, and endless professors in the weeks before.  Everyone wants to save the world.”
“Not the Russians.  I bet they want your model just so they can see where to apply more pressure.  More websites, more bots, more…”
“And Americans.  There are plenty getting rich picking pieces from the dying carcass.”
“So, you just give the formula to the Russians?”
“I talk with the Russians.  Maybe I trade with them.”
“Sara, you are nineteen years old, and you are trading with a foreign power?”
“Yes.”
There was certainty in her voice.  Calm certainty.  She would do what she would do.  Catherine reached up, tightened her fingers around a fist full of hair and prepared to pull Sara’s head back.  It was pitch dark under the pillow, but somehow Catherine could see Sara’s eyes.  They didn’t move.  They looked across at Catherine.  Motionless.  Serene.  Ready for anything Catherine might do.  She would not resist.
Catherine loosened her grip, but kept her hand buried deep in her hair.
“You want to know about Anya in bed?  She always takes the top.  She was raped when she was younger.  She will not let any man or woman get on top of her.  She will ride you, and she will hold you, and she will never let you go.  If you go to her in Russia, she will never let you leave.  And part of you, maybe all of you, will be grateful.”

Chapter 19
Anya

Sara rolled onto her back and pulled Catherine on top of her.  Probably practicing for her time with Anya.  Catherine didn’t care.  She assumed the offered position, held Sara’s head in her hands, kissed her and let Sara please her.  Practice.  Maybe some real affection.  Maybe.  Sara knew what she was doing.  Catherine was pleased.  Anya would be too.
They slept in each other’s arms, Sara careful to stay mostly under Catherine.  She ran off at dawn.  Catherine was tempted to call after her – “you won’t be running from Anya.”  But she was grateful for the quiet.  She rolled over onto her back and once again measured the sounds of dawn.  Cars?  None.  Wind?  Some.  Would she hear a car soon?  How long would Anya make her wait?
Catherine showered and then put on the same dress she had worn the day before.  Vasily would like it.  Maybe he would see it.  Maybe Anya.  She spent extra time on her hair and worked longer on her makeup.  One of her lipsticks had dried in the tube.  She picked another shade.  Then she stood at her front windows.  She shifted her weight from side to side just to feel her gauze skirt slide.  Come for me, Vasily.  Anya, I am yours, but I am also his.  Bring him to me.
The girls were dressed and fed and back in their room reading when Catherine was back at her windows.  And she saw smoke at the far end of the lake.  Chimney smoke.  The cabin the librarian owned.  The woman gone for years.  Now back.  Catherine threw on a coat and sneakers.  The librarian would have a car and a phone.  Rescue.  So close.  Catherine ran up Lake Road.  One mile.  In sneakers.  She was there in under seven minutes.
A car was pulled up in grass in front of the cabin.  Why hadn’t she heard it?  Catherine sprinted past and charged up the dirt path leading to the front door.  She was three steps from the porch when the door opened.  Anya was smiling.  And waiting.  Catherine leapt up the steps and smashed into Anya, driving her back across the front room and up against the far wall.  Anya slammed against the wall, her head snapping back against the dry wall.  Seventy year old plaster exploded in dust.
“Vasily.”  Catherine screamed into her face only to see her eyes close and her head roll forward.  Catherine held her up with one hand and reached around to the back of her head to feel for blood.  “You’re not hurt.”  She looked at her fingers.  No blood.  And no blood on the wall.  She held Anya up only to see her smile.
“I missed you too.”
“Where’s Vasily?”  Catherine kept Anya pressed back against the wall.
“He’s safe.  He comes back after we have had a conversation.  By the way, that’s the wrong shade lipstick for you, but I love the dress.”  She had both her hands on Catherine’s ass.
“What’s wrong with your face?”  Anya had cut her hair in bangs, a new look for her, and somehow her mouth looked wider.  Nothing else was changed.  The smile was the same, the huge eyes, the thin frame, the heart shaped face.  And the confidence.  She was already pulling Catherine’s hips tight against hers, and she knew Catherine would not resist.
“Facial recognition.  Easy to beat.  Bangs give it less forehead to measure.  And I wear a device in my mouth to change the shape of my lower face.  The cheekbones appear higher, and my mouth looks wider.  It’s out now, but it makes my mouth swell for a day or two.  Worth it though.  I was desperate to see you.”
“Tell me you didn’t hurt Vasily.”
“I didn’t.  But others might.  Close the door.  We need to talk.  In there.”  She pointed toward a tiny bedroom with a tiny metal camp bed.
Catherine closed the cabin door, took off her coat, and followed Anya into her bedroom.  She knew what was expected.  She would lie down first.  Anya would lie across her chest.  Anya had to be on top.
The bed was pathetic.  The librarian had updated the mattress, but the frame was steel tubing and steel springs.  It screeched as Catherine lay back on it.  Anya was wearing a white slip.  She pulled up the skirt and knelt between Catherine’s legs.
“Two years, Catherine.  It has been two years.”  She leaned forward and pulled Catherine’s wrists above her head as she lowered her body.  She had a restraint on one wrist before Catherine had time to react.  Catherine punched her with her free hand.  A body blow.  Meant to bruise, not to damage.  A complaint.  Anya finished tying one wrist, then threw her body weight on the other arm, holding it in place when she tied it to the metal frame.
“Relax, Catherine.  You know I won’t hurt you.  But I have lots to tell you, and I don’t want to be rushed.  I also don’t want to be interrupted.”  She pulled a gag from under a pillow, shoved it into Catherine’s mouth, and tied it at the back of her neck.  “Much to say, Catherine, about us and about Vasily.”
She rose up and sat between Catherine’s legs.  She ran her fingers down Catherine’s leg and then pulled off her shoe.
“No shoes in my bed.”  There was more rope at the bottom of the bed and she began wrapping it around Catherine’s ankle.  She moved slowly.  She was completely vulnerable and knew it.  Catherine had a dozen ways to kick her with her free leg.  Any kick could snap her neck.  Catherine could kill her if she chose.  Anya made a knot on the left ankle, then began stroking Catherine’s right leg.  No fear.  A demonstration of trust.  And of mastery.  Catherine lay still while Anya wrapped and tied that leg too.  
“Raise your ass, Catherine.  Let me get your skirt up.”  
Catherine did as she was told.  Anya slowly raised her skirt, pushing it to her waist, then lowered herself across Catherine again.
“You have no idea how many times I thought about this moment over the last two years.  And you?”
Catherine nodded.
“I loved our time together.  I know you did too.”
Catherine nodded.
Anya began to pleasure Catherine.  She took her time.  She watched Catherine’s face as she touched her.  She studied her expression.  She watched her eyes and listened for her soft moans.  When the moans got louder and deeper and her breathing came in gasps, Anya stroked her and whispered in her ear.  
“You love me.”  Catherine nodded.
“You want me.”  Catherine nodded.
“You are my wife.”  Catherine hesitated, then nodded.
Anya took her time.  She brought Catherine to orgasm twice, still talking to her about her pleasure and their time together and their love.  She studied Catherine and waited until she was soaked in sweat and gasping for breath.
“You are my wife.”  Catherine nodded.
“I didn’t want to give you to him.  At least not at first.  We had so many girl friends that would have been perfect for you.  You could have stayed in Moscow, and even if I was permanently reassigned to Washington I could have been with you every holiday or vacation.  The State Department gives us plenty of time.  I just needed one of the girls to take you in.  I know they liked being with you.  You really are good in bed.  I think another week and I would have found you the right woman.
“But that damn tanker kept pressing.  Four times he came to my office.  He wanted you.  I told him to go to hell.  He was lucky I gave you to him in Germany.  But he kept coming back.  He should have you when I went back to America.  You were both army officers.  You might reveal something to him.  And he lived hours out of Moscow.  The US Embassy would never find you.  And his town was a former munitions manufacturer, so the local police were trained to look for outsiders.
“And, yes, I was pressured.  Putin, no less.  You should be a good Russian wife and mother.  So I agreed.  The tanker gets you.  How do you think that felt?  You and him and his girls off to the park.  Like something from the cinema.  I wanted to scream.  But it gets worse.  I am barely back in Washington when I hear you have married him.  They show me pictures.  You are in the same wedding dress you wore for me.  The same dress!  Why Catherine, why?  You live with him, I assume you let him fuck you, but why marry him?  You are already married, aren’t you?”
She stared down at Catherine, her face just an inch above her.  She waited.  She watched.  Catherine leaned her head to one side as if she might shake her head, but then she nodded.
“Yes, Catherine.  We were married.  We are married.  I know what Russian law says.  But you know what we said to each other.  In front of a German judge.  And you know the paper we signed.  A commitment to love.  For life.”
She held her face above Catherine.  She looked down at Catherine and waited.  Catherine nodded.
“Here’s the hard part, Catherine.  There is something you will have to do, and it will not be easy.  But I have to tell you about it.  Vasily may be assassinated.”  Catherine snapped against all her restraints, and threw her hips up, almost knocking Anya off the bed.  Anya wrapped both her arms around Catherine’s head and held on tight.  Catherine fought the restraints for several minutes, then stopped.
“You can stop this.  Here’s how.”
She made Catherine wait, then started again.
“Most of Vasily’s career was spent in the Ukraine.  They say he knows every mile of the place.  He certainly knows where tanks can go, and where they can’t.  He has been part of every war game or war plan, starting back when they were in the Soviet Union.  If there was to be war in the Ukraine, Vasily would be the one man you would want on your side.  And the one man you would not want on the other side.  Do you understand?”
Catherine nodded.
“If Mother Russia were to rescue its oppressed citizens in the Ukraine at the same time the Chinese were to reclaim their lost province of Taiwan, there would be almost nothing the U.S. could do about it.  Two wars on two continents?  They would sit back and watch.  Unless someone came to them and told them exactly how Russian tanks would move and where they could most easily be blocked.  Such a person would be very dangerous.  You could argue it would be good if such a person were assassinated.  It might keep the U.S. out of a war.”
Catherine was vigorously shaking her head.
“An alternative, Catherine.  Vasily is silenced.  Not by a bullet, but by love.  His woman lives in Moscow.  She is safe in Moscow.  As long as he is silent.”
Anya got off Catherine.  The bathroom in the cabin was tiny.  Anya stripped, and showered, leaving the bathroom door open.  She looked at Catherine as she washed herself.  She took her time.  Then she dressed.  Again, she took her time.  Her underwear was black, some shiny synthetic material.  Her dress was satin.  Golden.  As if she were going to a party.  There was a small mirror and a small table at the side of her bedroom.  She sat before the mirror and spent over an hour working in her hair and makeup.  She could see Catherine watching her as she worked.  Frequently she smiled at Catherine and tossed her a kiss.
When she was ready, she came back to the bed and sat next to Catherine.  She stroked Catherine’s face and leaned down to kiss her.
“This woman in Moscow will never cry or pout.  She will love her life in Moscow.  She will love being my wife.  She will cook and clean and warm her lover’s bed.  She will dress for her.  She will spend all day thinking of ways to please her.  She will celebrate her wedding anniversary.  She will celebrate her life.  When people ask who the happiest woman in Moscow might be, all will say it is her.”
Anya kissed Catherine yet again, and studied her face.
“I will bring the car to your lodge tomorrow at nine.  Vasily will get out and go to his girls.  You will come to me.  You will smile, and kiss me, and tell me how glad you are to be with me.  Unless… Unless you wish this to end far more tragically.  It might even end right there in front of his girls.”
Anya again stroked Catherine’s face.  Then she put her hand on Catherine’s mouth.  
“I am going to untie you, but you will keep the gag in.  You will wear it until you are almost back to the lodge.  There is nothing for you to tell me today.  What matters is what you say and do tomorrow morning.”
She untied Catherine.  Catherine found her shoes and pulled them on, then her coat.  She stood at the door a moment looking back at Anya.  She thought the gag was unnecessary.  Even without it, there was too much to say, and too little.
“Send Sara to me.  It is her turn.”  Anya actually smiled and stood at the door as Catherine began the walk back down Lake Road.


Chapter 20
Sara’s Turn

Catherine was exhausted to the point of clumsiness.  She almost fell just coming down the steps.  It didn’t help that it was already approaching sunset.  Shadows were long and hid the many tree roots that stretched across the path back to Lake Road.  Catherine felt like she was tripping over every one.  Then there was her skirt.  She was bathed in sweat.  Arms, legs, back, sweat ran from her body.  The gauze skirt, so light before, now attached itself to her thighs, impeding every step.
And the gag.  Ordered to keep it on, Catherine knew she had to get it off as quickly as she could.  She could barely breathe.  Barely out of sight of the cabin, she reached behind her and fought to find the knot.  Thin cord, a tiny knot that had been pulled tight over the course of the day.  And her hair kept getting in the way.  She pushed hair to one side of the other just to have it slide back.  She stood, reached back, bent over, struggled, and finally just dropped to the ground, sitting in the middle of Lake Road, trying to find a place where she could get a finger nail into the knot.  She pulled her hair aside one more time, bending low and reaching back to get her fingers into the cord.
Progress took forever, but she finally got the cords to release.  She freed her mouth.  The fat wad of cloth had been in her mouth for hours.  She stared at it, then tried to throw it into the woods.  She barely got it to the edge of the road.  
The road was hard, and cold, but she stayed where she was.  Too tired to stand.  And too … frightened?  Angry?  Angry.  Where was the fucking FBI?  They had left her in Russia for a year, but that was Russia.  Long distance, foreign country, city in the middle of nowhere.  This was Wisconsin.  Yes, little town in the middle of nowhere, but it was the same country.  And they knew the address.  They had just been up a few days before.  Where the hell were they now?
Four o’clock.  Already dark.  Already cold.  She wrapped her skirt around her legs.  Time to go.  Go where?  Do what?  No FBI.  Morning would come, and she would be taken away.  Sara too, probably.  Catherine struggled to her feet.  Time for some plan.  Some response.  But it felt like checkmate.  She would go back to Russia.  Vasily would live.  She would smile.  She would enjoy her life in Moscow.  Vasily would live.
Catherine wrapped her skirt around her legs and held it there with one hand, and pulled her coat tight with the other.  A mile back to the lodge.  It seemed to take forever.  But she was fine with that.
Sara was sitting with the girls watching some movie.  The three of them on their couch, Sara in the middle with an arm around each girl.  Catherine paused a moment, then moved to her bathroom.  A shower.  She needed to get out of a wet dress and under warm water.  She slipped when she got into the shower and ended up sitting under the stream.  She lowered her head and let the water run through her hair and down her back.
“So, you were with Anya?”  Sara opened the door a few inches and looked down at Catherine.  Catherine just nodded.  Sara watched her for a few minutes.  “You two are back together?”
“I am her wife.”  Catherine raised her head, leaning to one side to be clear of the water.  She looked directly at Sara.  A simple, declarative sentence.  She repeated it.  “I am her wife.”
Sara nodded.  And waited.  
“You are to go to her now.  She’s waiting in the cabin at the end of the lake.”  Catherine stared up at Sara, then began massaging her lower legs.  Sara closed the shower door.  Off to get ready.  Off to see her friend Anya.
Catherine made an effort to stand.  It took two tries, but she got to her feet and slowly turned in the hot water.  She could hear the movie in the next room.  It was nearing its end.  The girls would want dinner.  They would want their father.  Catherine would give them both.

It took Sara well over an hour to get ready.  She had already worked on her hair.  It was makeup that took the time.  Her eyes.  Dark?  Lots of shadow and eye liner?  Maybe even fake lashes.  She had those with her.  How old did she want to look?  How mature?  How mysterious?  She darkened and lengthened her eyebrows while she considered.  Then added blush to her cheekbones.  A bit of foundation over the remains of two zits on her chin.  But her eyes.  What to do about her eyes?  Young.  She would go with young and innocent.  Pale pink shadow.  The thinnest eye lines.  Her big blues would not be hidden under dark colors.
She chose the same direction with her dress.  Yellow cotton, puffed shoulders and tiny sleeves, a skirt barely halfway to her knees.  Young, innocent, vulnerable.  Available, Anya, if you want me.  She had shoes with heels from one inch to four.  She chose one inch.  Yes I am small.  And I am yours if yours want me.
She wrapped a coat around herself and was out the door, her laptop under her arm.  She didn’t quite dance down the road, but she did feel like skipping.  Her relationship with Anya?  It was her first experience with on-line sex.  The messages, the images, always at night, the party bars on State Street seven floors below providing background music as she lay in her bed and texted.  Now to meet the real woman.  She hurried through the dark.
Anya was waiting.  Standing in the door.  Somehow she had heard Sara coming.  Her satin dress glowed in silhouette.  Sara took the final steps carefully.  Not the time to trip, not the time to say something foolish.  She hesitated at the bottom of the steps, adjusted her posture, opened her coat, and slowly climbed.  Anya did exactly as Sara had hoped.  Her arms surrounded her, pulled her tight, held her for a kiss that went on and on.
“You are beautiful, Sara.”  Anya pulled her into the cabin, closed the door, then took Sara’s coat.  She stood looking at Sara.  Looking and admiring.  Sara found herself slowly turning, watching for Anya’s reaction.  “Lovely, Sara.  Lovely.  We are going to have a marvelous night together.”  She handed Sara a glass of deep red wine and stood close while they took their first sips and inspected each other.
“I enjoyed our texts.”  Sara set down her computer and moved up against Anya.  Anya looped an arm around her lower back and pulled her tight.  Her hand slowly slipped down to her ass and she pulled tighter.
“I loved the pictures you sent, but Sara you are so much more lovely in person.”
“Anya, this is nice.  But can we go to bed right now?  I feel like I have been waiting for months.”
“Finish your wine.  I plan to please you.”
Sara didn’t chug the wine, but she drank it very quickly.  Anya watched, smiled, and led her into the bedroom.  Two white nightgowns lay across the bed.  Sara was undressed and into hers in moments.  She did turn to see if Anya was watching her.  She saw the smile she wanted and slid under the covers.  She knew Anya would want her on her back, and she quickly took that position.
Anya took longer.  She sat on the edge of the bed and played with Sara’s hair.  She sipped her wine.  She caressed Sara’s face.  She finished her wine and very slowly undressed.  Sara watched, feeling like she was witnessing a master class in seduction.  By the time Anya had undressed and pulled on her nightgown, Sara felt like she was melting into the bed.  She was completely relaxed.  She legs were spread, her arms reached above her head, she was hot and wet.
Anya was a marvel.  She slid across Sara, touching her everywhere.  Lightly.  Gently.  Softly.  Sara closed her eyes for her kisses, and somehow kept them closed.  She felt every touch on her body, somehow amplified by the delicacy of Anya’s fingers.  It almost felt as if she were dreaming.  She settled deeper into the bed.  Hearing whispers and feeling touches.  She settled lower and lower.  Now whispering herself.  Dream talking.  Dream feeling.  Dreaming.
Anya woke her at dawn.  Already after seven.  There were kisses and touches and a gentle pull into the shower.  Then back into clothes.
“Do you want to see my research?”  Sara was back into her dress.  She pointed toward the laptop that still lay on the edge of a table.
“I would not understand it.  Save it for Moscow University.  I am sure they will appreciate your work.”
“And you will be there?”
“Yes, my love.”  Anya took the time to hug Sara.  She played with her hair, dug her fingers deep in the tresses and held her head while she kissed her.  Her hips were tight against Sara, and both women could feel the heat from the other.
“When do we leave?”
“In an hour or so.  Two men will be coming with Vasily.  He needs to get back to his girls.  Then you and I and Catherine will leave.  By this evening you will be in London, by tomorrow you will be in Moscow.”
“You had Vasily?”  Sara made a slight move away from Anya, but Anya held her.
“Catherine is my wife.  You know that, correct?”
“Yes.”
“I have come to take my wife back.  I had several men hold Vasily while Catherine and I talked.  He was not hurt, well, not hurt very seriously, and Catherine and I were reunited.  As you will see, she is anxious to return to Moscow with me.”
“And…”
“And me and you?”  Sara nodded and looked like she might begin to pout.  “You and I will have time together every day in Moscow.  Every day.  And, you decide how long you will stay.  I can get many more speaking invitations for you.  People are very interested in your work.”
“I have to be back by December third to defend my research.”
“And your Ph.D. is presented December eighteenth.  Would you like me to visit you then?”
“Yes, please.”
They stood and hugged, and then began to fondle.  Sara pressed herself against Anya.
“Tonight, Sara.   I have us booked in a five star hotel near Heathrow.  We will have a champagne dinner, and then sleep in satin sheets.”
The hugging and fondling continued until a large black SUV pulled up in front of the cabin.


Chapter 21
The Exchange

Catherine felt in a dream.  Exhausted.  Excited.  Despondent.  Anya had come for her.  She would go with her.  To protect Vasily.  And…  And to have Anya.  Name the best thing that could possibly happen to her.  And the worst.  And combine them.  In a few hours her life would change.  For the best.  For the worst.  Just hours away.  Too few hours.  And too many.  Time with the girls.  Too little time.  And too much.  What did she say to them?  How did she look at them?  What did she do this final evening?
She dressed.  For whom?  Anya?  Sara?  Vasily?  Who would share her bed this final night?  Anyone?  She picked a dress that dramatized her confusion.  A bride’s maid dress.  Lots of satin, lots of chest, skirt tight to her hips.  Trumpet Mermaid design.  All four bride’s maids had complained.  But at the fitting one of the girls had brought some vodka.  Two shots later they were all doing silly walks in those skirts.  No more complaints to the bride.  And, if she remembered right, all four women went home with a man.  That dress.  She pulled it up over her hips and over her chest.  Tits and ass on full display.  For a dinner of mac and cheese with her girls.  But maybe someone would walk through that door.  
She needed to pack.  Instead she spent an hour on her makeup.  She needed to feed her girls.  She did, but only after strapping on sandals with three inch stilettoes.  She needed to hug her girls.  And she did.  But she couldn’t get herself to look into their eyes.
Dinner was fish sticks.  But she served them in the dining room.  Candlelight, but no princess gowns.  Their father was in Milwaukee getting parts.  He would be back in the morning.  Mommy was trying out a new dress.  Did they think their father would like it?  Mommy’s dress was very elegant, but they were concerned about their own dresses.  Could they show daddy in the morning?  Yes.
Suddenly she had happy girls, and non-stop talk about where to stand, and what daddy might say, and if daddy might want to dance right then and there… Happy girls.
Catherine got them fed, got them bathed, got them ready for bed.  Yet another Disney movie in their pajamas, and a fairy tale read by Catherine once they were in bed.  Catherine hugged the girls, kissed the girls, and did not cry once.
Packing.  If they were leaving at nine, she needed to pack.  Catherine decided to do Sara’s packing as well as her own.  Three suitcases.  Endless clothing.  No problem.  Catherine used the Army approach.  Nothing folded, everything rolled.  No creases if rolled carefully.  And it went fast.  By midnight she had all three suitcases filled and waiting by the front door.
Suitcase four would be hers.  One suitcase could be mixed in with Sara’s.  More would signal mom was leaving.  So everything she wanted to keep would go in one case.
That’s when she cried.  Sat on her bed in her tight trumpet skirt, put her head in her hands, and cried.  Quietly.  She was leaving… well, the list was so long she didn’t want to even begin.  Her home, her husband, her girls, her country…  And so much more.  She would keep… she would keep whatever fit into a small suitcase.
It was after three when she finished.  The first part was easy.  Underwear.  Basic bathroom supplies.  A few pair of shoes.  Several satin nightgowns and several satin dresses.  Her most attractive.  For Anya.  Then?  Pictures.  Too many would break her heart.  Too few would hurt even more.  Some artwork from the girls.  Her daughters.  Her beautiful, tiny daughters.  
She spent an hour holding an art project Valentina had done in first grade.  She held it, and knew she would not put it in her suitcase.  It would hurt too much to pull it out and look at it.  Lots of things would hurt too much to look at.  In the end, her suitcase sat open for an hour and nothing else went in.  She closed it and put it by the door.  It weighed almost nothing.
Morning arrived.  Time.  Time to leave.  Time to go.  Time to start a new life.  Time for Anya.  Final moments with her daughters.  She was to run to Anya, ecstatic to be back with her.  Catherine took off the silly trumpet mermaid dress, washed her face, stood in her closet.  Time was up.  What to wear?  She had a yellow dress she had bought for a party.  Half sleeves, skirts to the knees.  A summer dress but you could wear it around an airport.  Bright.  Sunny.  You could put a smiley face on it.  It was the official dress of happy women.  She had matching shoes.  Two inch heels.  Happy shoes.  She did her hair.  Happy hair.  She applied happy makeup.  
The girls were up by seven.  And into their princess gowns at seven oh five.  Catherine took her usual place at the edge of Valentina’s bed and worked on hair.
“Princesses, I wonder.  Rather than ponies and pigtails, would you like to see your hair brushed out?  And maybe just a touch of makeup?”
The answer was obvious – and loud.  And selfish.  Combing their hair out would take forever.  And require them to stand close.  And maybe hold on to Catherine as she combed.  And the makeup?  A bit on the cheeks and a bit of lipstick.  Nothing really, but it required the girls to face Catherine.  To look at her and let her look at them.  And that’s what happened for almost forty five minutes.  Forty five minutes in one of Catherine’s last hours in America.
Did they look beautiful?  Of course.  Were they excited?  Beyond belief.  Did they have trouble standing still?  No problem.  They ran, they twirled, they even danced with each other.  And always, one eye was on the driveway.  Daddy was coming home.
Catherine used the final hour to take the suitcases out.  Four grouped together near where the car would stop.  Yes, the girls had asked.  Catherine explained Sara had to go home.  She would arrive with a friend, and then go back to Madison.  Why she would arrive and leave was a question the girls were too young to consider.  They went back to dancing.
Nine o’clock came.  A black SUV pulled into the drive.  Catherine got the girls outside and positioned them on the front porch.  Then she stood by the suitcases.  Nothing happened for a few minutes.
Two men got out of the SUV.  Both large.  They stood, they looked, and then they opened the two car doors facing the lodge.  The man at the front of the car looked directly at Catherine and put his hand under his coat.  Message?  Gun.  Catherine ignored him.
The first thing to come out of the back seat was a foot.  Then a second foot in a medical boot.  Then the bottoms of two crutches.  Then Vasily.  He got his weight onto his crutches, and then took steps towards the lodge.  The girls shrieked and went running for him.  A fountain of words came pouring from each girl, and both wanted to “help” daddy.
“What happened?  Where have you been?  Do you like our dresses now?  Can we help you?  What are these called?  Can I help?  Do you want to hold my hand?  Can you still dance?  Do you like three ruffles, or should we have done four?”
There was more of course.  Half sentences, half questions, partial words as each girl interrupted the other.  Vasily stopped and hugged each girl, then stepped carefully towards the lodge, moving slowly to not trip over his helpful girls.  It took a few minutes, but he made it.
The door closed.  Catherine had wondered what she would say, what he would say.  It hadn’t occurred to her there would be no words.
She stood by the suitcases.  She turned toward the lodge, and then toward the car, and then toward the lodge again.  Really?  It was over?  She stood in her driveway.  And heard silence.
Anya slid across the back seat and stood where Catherine could see her.
“Catherine?”
“Anya.”  Catherine ran to her.  Big smile.  A happy moment.  A happy woman.  She wrapped her arms around Anya’s neck, kissed her, and then buried her head as she cried.
“I love you Catherine.”
“And I love you, Anya,” Catherine said to Anya’s neck.
“I am so pleased you are my wife.”
“I am grateful to be your wife.  I love you so much.”  Some of the words were confused as Catherine continued to talk into Anya’s neck.
“I need you to lift your head, dry your tears, and tell me you have missed me.”
Catherine caught her breath, rubbed two fingers across her cheeks, and looked directly at Anya.
“I am your wife, Anya.  Your wife forever.  I love you.  I want you.  I have missed you so much.  Please take me with you.  We had such a good life in Moscow.  I want that again.”  As she said the words, she felt eyes on the back of her head.  Vasily’s eyes, obviously.  The words were for him.  The words were needed.  Catherine repeated them.  “I love you, Anya.  I love you with all my heart.”
They kissed, then Anya got into the back seat, and Catherine followed.  One of the men loaded the suitcases in the back.  Then the men got in the front, the doors were closed, and the car left.  Catherine would never see Amberg again.


Chapter 22
London

London is a seven hour flight.  Eight if the Jet Stream isn’t helping.  For Catherine, the flight was endless.  She was sitting in business class.  No screaming babies, no major turbulence, no complaints about the flight.  The problem was lodged firmly between her ears.  She had led troops.  She had faced multiple enemies.  She had never dealt with anything like this.
Watching her daughters swarm her husband and disappear into the lodge without a glance back at her had been painful.  Every moment since then had only been worse.  The car ride.  Two nasty looking guys up front, three women in the back.  Anya sat between Catherine and Sara, and yes, she kept a hand on Catherine, but all her attention was for Sara.  Talk about her research.  Talk about the Russian universities she would visit.  Talk about restaurants and receptions.  Talk, and attention.
Both got out at the airport in Green Bay.  Catherine was to stay in the car.  While their luggage was moved to a cart, Anya slid back into the car.  Finally, she would have something to say to her wife.
“Everything you need is in here.”  She passed Catherine a large manila envelope.  “You will be flying out of Chicago.  You will be flying alone.  It needs to be clear you are doing this of your own free will.  No one is forcing you.  Flight and hotel information is in the envelope.  You bought yourself a business class ticket.  You charged it to your Visa card along with this limo ride.  You are very excited to return to Russia and to your lover.”
She had paused there, building to a point.
“Vasily is safe once you are in Moscow.  Until then, should you attempt to contact old friends, there are men stationed to eliminate him as a threat.  This is not me, Catherine.  I don’t hurt people.  But there are others…”
Catherine had nodded.  She understood.  Anya sat with her a minute more, then her expression changed completely.  Lovely smile.  A warm kiss.
“Did I tell you how pretty you look this morning?  I love you in yellow.  And you took the time for makeup.  Thank you for that.  You are a great wife.  We will have a beautiful life together in Moscow.”  Another kiss, a touch of Catherine’s face, and Anya slid back out of the car.  She and Sara pushed their luggage cart into the airport.  Neither looked back at Catherine as they walked away.
Green Bay to Chicago is four hours by car.  Four hours with two large men who alternated turning the rear view mirror so they could ogle her.  Ogle and make vulgar noises.  Before Oshkosh she had had more than enough.  The one in the passenger seat caught a punch just where the neck and skull joined.  The headrest saved him from a broken neck.
She had hours to check the contents of the envelope.  A Russian passport.  Catherine Johnson Antonov.  Intelligence would instantly flag the name.  It told any and all databases who was traveling and where she was going.  And why.  Catherine might as well stand outside the State Department and wave a Russian flag.
The flight schedule was equally unsubtle.  She would arrive in Chicago with four hours to wait for her flight.  She would be in London for almost two days before the Moscow flight.  Many hours for her to contact others or be contacted.  A test.
The first test had come while she was still in Chicago.  After a long lunch and more wine than she normally drank, she had found the waiting area for her flight.  She sat.  She looked around.  It took an hour, but then she saw Elise Konkol.  Milwaukee FBI.  Strolling down the jet way, looking everywhere but at Catherine.  Three trips up, and three trips back.  Then she found a seat in another waiting area, an area Catherine could easily see.  She seemed interested in a book, in her plane ticket, in whatever was being broadcast on the monitors hanging above her head.  No interest in Catherine. 
It would be up to Catherine to make contact.  Catherine didn’t.  She sat, stared at her own monitor, watched the people around her, and then boarded her plane.
London?  For two days?  There would be more opportunities for contact.  Agencies were on alert.  And Catherine?  Catherine wanted Vasily to be safe.  Catherine wanted to get to Moscow without problems.  Catherine wanted… Catherine wanted not to cry about the life she was leaving.  Catherine wanted the life with Anya to be a good one.  It had to be.  It was her life now.  She had accepted it.  She had promised it.  She had expressed her love for Anya in their apartment in Moscow, and now on her driveway in Amberg.  What do they say?  Move on?  Turn the page?  She asked for another glass of wine and hoped the page turned quickly and easily.  But she understood, whether it was quick or whether it was easy, it was going to turn.
Maybe she slept.  Maybe she didn’t.  Either way, she arrived at Heathrow near dawn, jetlagged and exhausted.  She was booked into a business-class hotel just off the airport.  Suitcase in hand, she found a cab.  A man hurried up.
“Mind if I share this cab with you?  I am going to the same hotel.”
“Yes.  I do mind.”  Catherine pushed her bag across the seat, and sat, closing the door in the man’s face.  No contacts.  There would be no contacts.
There would be another try at the hotel.  She could stay in her room, but she was to show she was traveling of her own free will.  Traveling to a joyous reunion.  Traveling to her lover.  But first she needed sleep.  The hotel gave her a room for early arrival.  Not much of a place, but at least helpful.  The room was plain, the windows rattled with each take off.  What mattered was the bed.  She needed sleep.
Maybe she slept fifteen minutes.  Maybe less.  She put on one of the satin nightgowns she had brought to please Anya.  She lay on her back and wondered if it would succeed.  Somewhere over the Atlantic, she had found something else to worry about.  Did Anya really love her?  Would Anya keep her?  Protect her?  And if she fell out of love with Catherine, what then?  Catherine needed to be a good wife.  A wife who was loved.  Not just a hostage.  She lay on her back for hours, staring at the ceiling.  Sleep finally came.
Showers were plumbers’ gift to humankind.  Catherine woke early evening local time.  Groggy.  Sticky with whatever hangs in the air of airplanes and airport hotels.  A shower helped.  Tiny thing.  And, like the rest of Europe, no wash cloth.  Still, it was warm, and the soap did what soap does.  It helped.
Out of the shower, she rummaged through her suitcase.  She had packed four dresses to please Anya.  No dresses to sit in a drafty hotel dining room.  The cotton dress she had worn on the plane would have to do.  She got a comb through her hair and ignored any effort at makeup.  She looked presentable.
The hotel dining room?  Better than she had expected.  Top floor, facing the airport.  Decent views.  And clever.  The room was far too noisy to ever be acceptable for sleeping.  So, turn up the music, get a bar full of noisy customers, and get food into people who were hungry before or after a long flight.  Catherine ignored the bar and took a table near the windows.
Contacts?  Three attempts.  A note brought by the waiter when he brought her drink.  Catherine folded it and dropped it on the floor.  Could she be any more clear?  Apparently not.  The next attempt came from a couple that was seated at the next table.  The woman put a hip into Catherine’s shoulder as they turned to be seated.  Her hand drew a number on Catherine’s table cloth.  509.  Her fingernail left a mark.  Catherine brushed the table cloth and the number went away.
Attempt three was a woman about Catherine’s age.  Also tall.  Very good looking, and dressed almost in a matching outfit.  She had been sitting at the bar and had watched the first two attempts.  Catherine guessed someone had decided to bring in the varsity.  The varsity was direct.  She walked right up to Catherine, stood for a moment, and then made her pitch.
“Catherine, if you want to talk, I am in room 212.  You have friends here if you need us.”
Catherine was working on her salad.  She never looked up, and the woman walked away.
Did she want to talk with the woman?  Of course.  She wanted to shout, “Protect Vasily,” but those two words would have had exactly the opposite effect.  The bad guys had already grabbed Vasily once, and they had done some damage to his foot.  They were in the woods, probably along the road, and who knew where else.  Vasily’s best hope was a quick and quiet journey by Catherine.
The salad was surprisingly good for hotel food.  The wine was about what you would expect.  Catherine ate, drank, and left.  A note had been shoved under her door.  She shoved it back out into the hallway and went to bed.  


Chapter 23
Deidre

Catherine’s Moscow flight left the second evening.  She was still jet lagged, but didn’t want a second day in her room.  So she took the tube down to the tourist area.  She did the castle tour.  Crown jewels, lectures from Beefeaters, old swords and pikes in the great hall.  She was up in the room with all the jewels when Deidre appeared.  Catherine stood on one side of a glass box and Deidre stood across.  A crown.  Some jewels.  Three guards standing in the small room to ensure none of the tourists did anything stupid.
Deidre made no effort to keep her voice down. 
“Sara’s already in Moscow, and you are on your way.  I can’t believe how badly we fucked up.”  
Catherine concentrated on the display.  Big jewels.  Lots of them.  Pretty colors.  
“We had no idea Anya Antonov was in the country, much less living on your lake.  What the hell?”  
Oddly, none of the guards made any attempt to quiet Deidre.  Catherine ignored her.  The jewels had pretty colors.  She read the small sign.  Names.  A bit of history.  Fascinating.
“Sara Adams gets on a plane with all her research.  She does her first presentation at Moscow University tonight.  You can bet the real presentation has already happened.  That laptop has been squeezed dry.  Not sure why you let that happen.  Not sure why you are traveling on a Russian passport.  Catherine Antonov?  Yes, you married Anya in Germany.  But you married Vasily in Russia.  He is the most recent, so he is your legal husband.  I checked.  You remain married to Vasily Primakov.  You have a perfectly good U.S. passport with your legal name – Catherine Primakov.  Yes, a Russian name, but still, an American passport.”
A dozen tourists shuffled around the room, not sure what to do.  Was the big black woman crazy?  Dangerous?  Who was she talking to?  Why didn’t the guards stop her?
“There are laws, Catherine.  Laws that let us walk you out of this room right this minute if we wish.  Or, we can just have a quiet conversation.  My hotel is around the corner.  I have a suite.  My bed is huge.  It will be just like Maryland.  We cuddle up and talk all night if you like.  Or we get each other hot.  Whatever you wish.  But I can’t let you get on that plane.”
Catherine raised her eyes and looked at Deidre through a box of glass.  A huge woman.  A good woman.  A woman she had loved.  She looked at Deidre and hoped Deidre was looking back.  Looking and seeing what was going on inside her.  The room was completely silent now.  Tourists stared at Deidre, and looked at the woman Deidre had been addressing.
“Please.  If you love me, Deidre.  Please.”  
Catherine stood motionless, hoping Deidre was seeing her – all of her.  The two women studied each other.  Then Catherine walked out of the room and out of the castle.  She was too confused to try to return via the Tube, so she took a hugely expensive cab back to her hotel.  She sat on her bed, waiting for a knock on her door.  When it didn’t come, she lay back on her bed and cried.

Chapter 24
Moscow

Heathrow was cold, drafty, noisy, and ugly.  Catherine’s flight was at seven.  She was at the airport at four.  There had been no knock on her door.  But two men stood at the front of the hotel.  She was sure more would be at the airport.  So far, they just watched her.  At the ticket counter.  On the endless walk to her gate.  At a small bar near her gate.  She sat, drank three glasses of wine, and waited.  No one approached her.  It was about forty yards to the gate, a fifteen minute wait in line, and then the long walk down the boarding ramp.  Men could arrest her at any time.  Even when she got to her seat, there was no guarantee they would not board the plane and take her somewhere.  
But they didn’t.
Moscow was a four hour flight.  She spent most of it thinking about Deidre.  Shouting in the Tower of London.  Scaring the tourists.  Angry about Sara.  Nothing about Vasily.  Nothing about Vasily.  It would have been so simple – we know about the lodge, we have arrested the men up there, we have guards around Vasily, come home.  But she was all about Sara.  Not the lodge.  Probably caught her movements via the plane bookings.  Too late to stop her.  Fucking FBI.  Too late to stop Sara from sharing her secrets.  Too late to do anything about Anya and her hired guns.  Too late.  Fucking FBI.
So Catherine would go to Russia and live with Anya.  A hostage.  A wife.  A lover.  Which made for confused motives.  Was she the sacrificial lamb, or the cheating wife?  With Anya.  The woman who had come to Amberg and left Catherine breathless and moaning.
Catherine had another glass of wine.  She would land in Moscow confused and drunk.  Big mistake.
Security at Sheremetyevo was exhausting.  Long lines.  Long interviews.  Never a smile.  Catherine finally got to the official and handed over her passport.  A light shone in her eyes.  She could see almost nothing on the other side of the glass.  She waited.  Time passed.  A door opened and two uniformed men came for her.
“Follow.”  They said it in Russian.  It was a word she knew, not that it mattered.  When one man is in front of you, and another behind, you follow.
Down a long bleak hallway was a row of doors.  Apparently she wasn’t the only one being told to “follow.”  They chose the last door.  Special room?  They unlocked the door and pointed inside.  “Sit.”  Also in Russian, also obvious.  Two metal chairs bolted to the floor, one metal table bolted to the wall.  His finger pointed to the far chair – away from the door.  She sat.
Nothing happened for the next half hour.  No surprise.  She understood basic interviewing techniques.  Make them wait.  Make them anxious to talk.  The room was even painted gray, the color intended to bring on depression, quilt and fear.  The size of the room certainly helped all three.  It couldn’t have been more than six feet wide and ten feet long.  Nothing to see.  No real space to move.
Catherine had another problem.  Her dress.  All night to pack, and she hadn’t thrown a pair of jeans in the case.  Or a simple dress with a skirt that covered her knees.  She had taken the time to put in nightgowns and dresses that would please Anya.  Fine.  If Anya came walking through that door.  If not, she was sitting in the same bright yellow “hi, I’m happy” dress with a very short skirt she had been wearing for the last two days.  Or was it three with all the time changes?  She spent the waiting time rearranging her skirt, trying to inch it down her thighs and not making much progress.
She was pulling her skirt down yet again when he walked in.  The general. Orlov.
“Hello, Catherine.  My friend.”
He pulled the door shut behind him.  The room was tiny.  Maybe two steps to cross it.  Catherine slammed a fist into his chest.  Not her strongest punch.  She had been drinking.  Not that it mattered.  He was one of the largest soldiers in the Russian army.  Broad chest, broad shoulders, heavy arms.  But it was his neck that was the most exceptional.  Catherine could never understand how he found a collar large enough.  His neck veered out toward his shoulders, a neck that had supported many loads over many years.
He looked down at her fist and waited.
“I see you are upset.”
“There was no reason to hurt him.  I agreed to come.  I followed every condition Anya gave me.  Yet my last view of Vasily was him on crutches.”
“I was unhappy with Vasily.  But mostly I was unhappy with you.  I gave you to him to be a good Russian wife and mother, and within a year you took him to America.  Him and his daughters.  You stole from Russia.  So now he limps, and you are back where you belong.”
“I am here, and you won’t hurt him.”
“You are here, and I agree, I won’t hurt him.”
“Or my girls.”
Orlov touched her face.  He studied her.
“No, they will not be harmed.”  He paused as he watched her.  “I heard you were good with them.  You made their clothes.  You read to them.  You were a good Russian mother.”
“I loved those girls.  And they loved me.  Taking me from them is an evil act.”
“This from an old soldier.  You surprised me.”
He continued to stare.  Catherine dropped her fist.  The two stood examining each other.  The pause in their argument confused Catherine.  She grew impatient with his stares.  
“Now what happens to me?”
“My lieutenant has a welcome to Russia gift.”
“Not an ankle monitor.”  Catherine took a step back.  She already felt pain in her right ankle.
“No.”
Orlov opened the door and a lieutenant entered the room carrying a small case.  He set it on the table and opened it.  Catherine could see a gold necklace.
“Hold up your hair.”  
Catherine lifted her hair and the lieutenant moved around behind her.  He placed a gold mesh choker around her neck.  It had an oval disk in the front, and a thicker disk in the back.  He used some tool to lock the back disk.  
“Let me guess.  If I try to take it off, it explodes.”  Catherine felt the front disk.
“It won’t be coming off.  It would shock you into temporary paralysis, but it will not explode.  It just tells me where you are.  In case you need my help.”  Orlov ran his fingers along the mesh.  “Now stand next to me for some pictures.  I am sure Vasily will want to know you arrived safely.”
The lieutenant took out a phone and took many pictures.  Orlov orchestrated all of them.  Him with his arm around Catherine.  He and Catherine both smiling.  He with his arms around Catherine, both of them intently looking at each other.  The pictures continued for a while, then the lieutenant took his case and left.  
Orlov backed Catherine against a wall.
“You won’t mind spending a few more minutes with me.”
“I thought I was brought here for Anya.”
“You were.  You are her reward for some outstanding work.  She and that Sara Adams have breathed some new life into our troll farms.  Even before she arrived, Adams provided whole new approaches to our communications.  And you should have heard her last night at Moscow University.  I didn’t understand a word, but our anthropologists practically melted down.  Today she is up in St Petersburg talking to a convention of social scientists.  I hear they want to elect her queen of sociology.”
“Let me guess.  You already have a necklace or an ankle bracelet ready for her.”
“No, Catherine, no.”  
Orlov had positioned his hands on each side of her face.  He was gently lifting Catherine onto her toes.  She wondered if he was preparing to just pop her head off her shoulders.  She wrapped her hands around his.  Standard move.  Her fingers in his palms, her thumbs finding room between the metacarpals on the back of his hands.  She pressed her thumbs into the gaps between bones.  She had brought men to their knees with that pressure grip.  Orlov just kept talking.
“Adams will spend a week or two with us.  She will be wined and dined by all our intelligentsia.  Then we will let her go home.  She should finish her degree in December.  We find some attractive Russian scholar who will join her and help her relax and enjoy life.  By spring we are confident she will return to Mother Russia and take an appointment at one of our universities.”
“So Mother Russia gets Sara, and Anya gets me.  How convenient that Sara and I were in the same place when Anya came for us.”
“Yes, wasn’t it?”
Catherine stopped digging her thumbs into Orlov’s hands.  She had watched his face and saw no sign of pain.  She had attempted a show of strength.  She had lost.
“Mother Russia gets a new expert to redesign the troll farms and make them even more damaging.  Anya gets a promotion and the return of her wife.  What do you get?”
“I get the return of an old friend.”
He kept his hands on her jaw, holding her face.  He looked at her.  She looked at him.  A man in his early fifties.  Wrinkles around his eyes.  Gray hair cut short in the military manner.  A nose not quite straight.  Mostly she looked at his eyes.  Dark brown.  Focused.  Examining her.  Making decisions about her.
“I will visit you from time to time, as I did before.  We will talk.”
“You want me to tell you about Anya.  You want me to spy.”
“We will talk of many things.”  
Catherine felt pressure from him, pushing her back against the wall.  She put her hands on his shoulders, but realized she could never push him away.  She moved her hands to the back of his neck.
“That night in the Kremlin you had me.  But you did not force me.  Do not force me now.”
“I will never force you.”
He kept one hand on her face.  The other slid around to her back, and slowly descended to her ass.  He used that hand to pull her tight against him.
“This feels like force.”
“There will come a time when you want this.  You will come to me.”
“Maybe so, but not tonight.”
“A kiss and my lieutenant takes you to Anya.”
“The kiss of a friend.”
Catherine kissed him, but it wasn’t the kiss of a friend.  She used the hands on the back of his neck to pull her to him.  She held the kiss.  She remembered her thought about him.  She was a mouse, and he was the cat that played with her.  He was also a man who had treated her well in their one night together.  He kissed well.  His huge arms held her.  He had been good in bed.  And she had been interested.  Even after all the pain he had caused her, and all the damage he was doing to her country, she had been interested.
“What did I tell you that night in our bed?”
“You said I was yours now.”  The hand on her ass was slowly lifting her off the floor.
“Yes.  You are mine.  And you are Anya’s.  And you are Russia’s.  You will continue to serve this country.”
“I will not betray my country.”
“Your country is Russia.  You will never leave us again.  There will be no betrayal, but there will be service.  I think the service might come in a surprising form.”
He lifted her higher, his knees now between hers, her back pressed against the wall, her head held tight in his hand.
“This feels like rape.”
“There will be no rape.  I have thought of another way for you to serve me and Russia.”
“Then let me down.”
“You will kiss me, and you will remember how this felt.  And you will wonder if I will hold you like this again.  And wonder if you will wish for it.”
 She kissed him.  And she held the kiss longer than she might have.  And he was exactly right about what she would remember.  But that night she finished the kiss and pushed him away.
“Now have your man take me to Anya.”
“You might want to straighten your dress first.”
Catherine found her bag and used several tissues to wipe her mouth.  She pulled her skirt down and straightened her bodice.  He smiled as he watched.  Then he opened the door.
The lieutenant straightened to attention, pointed to a doorway, and led Catherine down another hallway.  She looked back once.  Orlov was standing outside the room watching her.  A cat enjoying a view of its mouse.

Chapter 25
Into the Forest

Anya was in her dress uniform, epaulettes wide on her shoulders.  She smiled at Catherine, but did not touch her.  She turned and led Catherine out of the building to a green staff car.  
“Say nothing until we are home.”
They both got into the back seat.  The drive was long.  About an hour.  Lots of traffic for the first part, then lots of trees.  It was midday.  The flight, the time changes, the security check, it was midday and Catherine had had no sleep.  She leaned against Anya.  Anya said nothing, but her hand went to Catherine’s thigh and slid up under her skirt.  Catherine looked at Anya, wondering if she could kiss her.  Anya shook her head “no.”  Catherine lay her head back on the seat, closed her eyes, felt Anya’s fingers, and drifted off to sleep.
The house was ancient.  And remote.  A lone house at the end of a long road.  Snow had already come to Moscow.  Two or three inches held to the roof and hung off the window frames.  The frames were classic Russian.  Wide boards around the frame, and arched millwork across the top.  Elaborate windows for simple houses.  This one looked about twenty feet wide and forty feet deep.  Four steps led up to the front door.
The driver waited.  The women slid out of the seat and into the snow.  Catherine’s feet were immediately wet.  One more thing she had forgotten to pack – boots.  Snow had not been shoveled off the drive or off the steps.  Catherine tried to step carefully where others had gone before.  It didn’t help much.
The cottage had two halves - a large open area near the front door, bedroom, bath, kitchen along the back.  Every inch of the place could be seen standing in the front entrance.
“What happened to your apartment near Gorky Park?”
“I still have it.  But I liked the idea of us having some private space for a while as we adjust to each other.”
“Well, at least it’s warm.”  Catherine set her suitcase down and took a few steps into the room.
“Catherine, look around and make a list of anything you might need.  I’m still on duty.”
Catherine turned around and saw that Anya was already reaching for the door.
“That’s it?  I spend days getting here, and you just dump me in the middle of nowhere?”
“I’ll be back.  Take a shower, get some rest, get to know the place.  It might be late, but I will get back here some time tonight.”
There was no kiss, no fondling, no touch.  Quick smile from Anya, and she was gone.  Catherine stood at the front windows and watched the green staff car disappear down the very long road.  What the hell?  Get to know the place?  What was there to know?  This was the shack where you left people.  They stayed here for days or years and maybe forever.
Catherine did the reasonable thing.  She took her bag back to the bedroom, set it near a bureau, and sat on the bed.  Mounds of covers, soft springs on the mattress.  It seemed clean.  Catherine pulled off her wet shoes, slipped under the covers, and was asleep instantly.
Anya didn’t come home that night.  Or the next.  Catherine caught up on her sleep.  She also learned how to take showers in a corner of tiny bathroom that dated from whenever indoor plumbing had come to this part of the czar’s kingdom.  She found clothes in her closet.  They reminded her of how Vasily’s mother dressed.  Skirts to her ankles, dark grays, browns, and black.  Heavy cotton and wool.  Long sleeves and high necklines.  But warm.  A gas furnace warmed up one corner of the front room, but much of the back of the house was cool.  Cold if you dared to close a bathroom or bedroom door.
The kitchen was interesting.  Again, it took her back to her year with Vasily’s mother.  Same supplies.  Same utensils.  Good gas stove.  Catherine made bread each morning.  It filled several hours, and she liked the smell.  Lunch was soup from a large can.  Dinner was herring and crackers.  Why not?  She was dining alone – again.  Why not keep it simple?
Darkness came at four, didn’t leave until nearly eight.  It was still October.  She wondered about December.  There were lights.  The place had electricity, a wonder given how far it was from anywhere.  In the first two days she never saw a car on the road or saw lights from another house.  The only sounds were the poplars moving in the wind, their load of snow falling in clumps.
Anya had left a note.  A hand written note.  There was a portable sound system.  Several CDs for music, a boxed set of language CDs.  It would be so helpful if Catherine could work on her Russian as time permitted.  Catherine actually did listen to the first CD, sitting on an ancient couch feeling weighted down by a very warm, but very heavy dark brown wool dress.
Anya arrived home on the third day.  She parked in the snow and walked up the steps carrying vodka and chocolates.  Catherine was surprised not to see a bouquet of flowers.  She stood at the edge of the kitchen, dark gray dress, long apron, a slice of fresh bread in her hand.  Anya stood at the door and smiled.  She had the sense not to say anything.
Catherine broke the ice.
“I’ll trade you a slice of bread for a glass of vodka.”
Catherine backed into the kitchen.  Anya followed.  There was a tiny wooden table, and two wooden chairs.  Catherine cut a slice of bread, smeared butter over it, and set it before the other chair.  Anya found glasses and opened the bottle.
“You knew where the glasses were.”  Catherine pointed to a cabinet above the sink.  “You have been here before.”
“Yes.”  Anya sat and poured.  She pushed a glass toward Catherine, then waited.  Each woman examined the other.
“With Sara?”
“Yes.  She is in St. Petersburg now.  New lover.  He heads one of the social science divisions up there.”  
“I had a couple friends in college major in sociology.  I’m not sure they ever got jobs.  You have whole divisions here.”
“They do good work.  And they are very excited about what Sara is telling them.  She has real insights.  Original.  History, anthropology…  You should have seen how people reacted to her at Moscow University.  She’s a rock star.”
“She’s a traitor.  Everything she tells people here will be used to find new ways to stir up the FaceBook crazies in the U.S.”
“She’s a scholar.  Scholars share.  And, you are jealous.  I like that.  Wives should be jealous.  It proves they care.  Drink.”  She raised her glass.  “To jealous wives.”
The vodka was cold, and went down pretty well.  Catherine cut more bread, and Anya poured more vodka.  They looked at each other.  They ate, drank, and looked.
“You could pass for local in that dress and apron.  And you make good bread.”
“I spent a year in a Russian kitchen with a Russian mother.”
“I spent a year in an FBI safe house waiting to be traded back.  I didn’t know they would trade me for you, or that you would take Vasily and the girls with you.  I always thought our time would come again.  You, me, and Gorky Park.”
“I am here, Anya.  We are back together.  I am your wife.  But I am a jealous wife.”
More bread, more vodka, more staring.  
“Tell me about your new necklace.”
“A gift from Orlov.  He was waiting at the airport.  He says it will tell him where I am – if I need help.”
“And it probably sends a code if you take it off.”
“Should I?  Should he not know about this place?”
“He knows about this place.  He knows about you.  I think he’s waiting to see what I do with you.”
“Me too.  Anya, you tie me to a bed in Amberg, scare me half to death, make me get on a plane to Moscow, and then?  You abandon me in the middle of a forest.”
“It reminded me of Amberg.”
“Don’t be cute, Anya.”  Catherine leaned across the table.  “It’s not the trees that matter.  It’s the isolation.  You put me here to get me out of the way while you run around with Sara.  Is this my life as your wife?  You bring me vodka and sleep with me very couple weeks?  I stare at trees and slowly go mad?”
“You know I love you.”
“I need to hear it, Anya.  I need to hear you love me.  Now would be a really good time.”
Anya set down her bread and took a knee next to Catherine.  She wrapped her arms around Catherine and kissed her.
“Catherine, my wife.  I love you.  I wanted you two years ago, I want you now.  I’ve had enough bread.  I’ve had enough vodka.  Let’s not wait any more.  Take my hand, lead me into the bedroom.  Make love to me.  Please.”
That’s exactly what Catherine did.

Chapter 26
Marriage Negotiations

Anya always took the dominant position.  She slept with her head somewhat higher on their shared pillow.  If she awoke in the night, she might kiss the top of Catherine’s head.  She also leaned partially over Catherine, an arm across her, sometimes a leg.  Catherine noticed.  Catherine understood.  Catherine approved.  Anya was the husband, Catherine the wife.   Catherine was happy to follow.  She rested her head on Anya’s shoulder and slid under Anya as Anya reached over and held her.  They had not slept together in two years, but they returned to their old sleeping arrangements with ease.
Anya brought back the second arrangement in the morning.  She slipped her fingers into Catherine’s hair, turned her head, and kissed her forehead.
“It’s morning, Catherine.  I need you to make me some breakfast while I shower and dress.”
It was still completely dark out, but there was a clock.  Seven.  Time to get going.  Catherine pulled one of the old heavy dresses over her nightgown and began boiling water for oatmeal while Anya used the bathroom.  By the time Catherine had the oatmeal in a bowl and on the table, Anya was dressed in her uniform.  
“Catherine,” Anya sat and began eating.  “I know those old dresses are probably comfortable during the day while you are cleaning and such, but in the morning, I like to watch you in your nightgown.  And when I get home at night, I would like to see you in one of those dresses you brought from Amberg.” 
Catherine was quickly out of the dress.  She hung it on the other kitchen chair and stood for Anya to look.  Anya motioned for Catherine to turn.  Catherine turned and posed and turned again.
“Much better.  Could you get me some coffee?”
Catherine was back at the stove heating water for some instant coffee, knowing that Anya was staring at her backside.  She was fine with that, and even made some moves she knew would get attention.  When she brought the coffee to Anya, Anya pushed back her chair and pointed at her lap.  Catherine lowered herself slowly, and then folded herself so her head rested on Anya’s shoulder.  Anya wrapped an arm around her shoulders and held her tight.  
“Anya,” Catherine talked into Anya’s neck.  “It has been two years, but I remember how to be your wife.  I know what you like.  And I am fine with this.  You work outside, I work in the home.  You lead, I follow.  I will make your meals and clean your clothes.  I will keep the house.  I ask two things.  Love me, and take me shopping.  I packed terribly.  I need sweaters, warmer dresses, boots, and a winter coat.”
“I love you, and I will take you shopping, but it will have to wait a week or two.  I am very busy.”
“With Sara?”
“Yes.”  Anya finished her coffee and began fondling Catherine’s thighs.  “I arrange her visits and seminars.”
“And where she sleeps.”
“Yes, that too.  Right now she sleeps with an important scholar in St. Petersburg.  We may arrange for her to find a younger, more attractive man, a man who might persuade her to return to Russia after she receives her degree.”
“Or a younger, attractive woman.  She is afraid of men.  They have forced her too many times.  Give her a woman who is like you, but not you.”  Catherine raised her head, stared at Anya, and repeated.  “Not you.”
“We have many such women.”
“Not you, Anya.  I want that from you.  I am your woman.  I am your wife.  I ask your loyalty.”
Anya pulled Catherine’s head back onto her shoulder and kissed the top of her head.
“You are my wife.”
“Your wife.  Not your hostage.  You brought me here to protect Vasily.  I came for that reason.  But that’s not why I will stay with you.  Two years ago I married you.  I said the words, I signed the papers.  I meant the words.  The papers might not be valid in this country, but my words were true.  I married you, and I am still married to you.  I will stay with you.  I am your wife.  I will be good to you.  I ask that you be good to me.”
“I will be good to you, Catherine.”  
Anya changed her position and Catherine knew it was time to rise.  She got up quickly and watched to see if Anya had any pain from her weight.  But she rose normally.  A strong woman.  Catherine followed her to the door, kissed her, and stood at the front window as Catherine drove away.
Their marriage?  Some things they had worked out.  Some things they had not.  Sara.  And probably other women.  Catherine was the good wife.  She stood alone in her cottage and wondered if Anya was being good.
It was a week before she saw Anya again.  A week of heavy wool dresses during the day, and skimpy satin dresses as evening approached.  Always ready for Anya.  But always dining alone, her bare shoulders scrunched together from the chill that seemed to settle in the kitchen.  By the second day she took food with her to the main room and sat near the heater.  She assumed she could get back to the kitchen fast enough if Anya came home.  She didn’t.
It was late the night Anya finally returned.  After midnight.  Catherine had already gone to bed, wearing a skimpy nightgown and huddled under a pile of blankets.  Anya was drunk.  Happy drunk.  Smiling and chuckling about some event at work, or after work.  She quickly got out of her clothes and into a satin nightgown.  She slid into bed tight against Catherine.
“Are you awake?”
“Yes.”
“Roll onto your stomach.  You are going to do something for me.”
Catherine rolled onto her stomach, and Anya straddled her, sitting on her ass.  She had a rope from somewhere and pulled Catherine’s hands behind her back and tied her wrists.
“Now roll onto your back and slide down on the bed.”
Catherine slid down on the mattress, Anya still straddling her, a knee on each side.  Catherine knew what would be coming, and slid her head into position under Anya.
“You have done this before?”
“Yes, but not like this.”
“I think we will do this many times.”
Anya pushed a pillow under Catherine’s head, carefully positioning it.  Then she pulled her nightgown up and slowly lowered herself onto Catherine.  Catherine moved her head slightly and began using her tongue.  Anya pulled her nightgown over Catherine’s head, then reached under it and laced her fingers into Catherine’s hair.  Catherine did what she was being asked to do.  She did it for a very long time, her face getting warmer and warmer from Anya’s body, the satin wrapped across her face, and Anya’s hands.  She did it and felt Anya move above her.  She heard moans.  She felt Anya’s body spasm.  She felt Anya’s hands stroke her hair, and then her face.  She continued pleasing Anya.  She was the wife.  That is what wives do.
When Anya finally rose from her, both women were drenched in sweat.  Anya pulled the pillow up first, then pulled Catherine, resting Catherine’s head on her shoulder and pulling blankets into position.
“You please me, Catherine.  You please me greatly.”
She wrapped her arms around Catherine.  She left her wrists tied.  Catherine kissed Anya’s neck and enjoyed the feel of her arms.  She was warmed by the leg Anya slid across her thighs.  She moved her hips even tighter against Anya.
Another aspect of their marriage had been reignited.


Chapter 27
The Church Visit

Anya came home every night that week.  Seven, seven thirty.  It varied, but always in time for a quiet dinner.  Catherine changed into one of her three dresses.  Anya seemed to like all three.  Satin, V-neck, A-line skirts in varying lengths above the knee.  None were appropriate for a forty seven year old woman, at least not in public.  But they fit.  Catherine had kept the weight off.  Mostly.  She still had a figure.  She was comfortable with what she saw in the mirror, and what she saw in Anya’s face when she walked in the door.
Anya usually brought home groceries and always brought home vodka.  The third night she brought home a cardboard box full of clothes and three uniforms on hangers.  Until that night she had kept a few clothes in a second bureau, and one spare uniform in the closet, but this was the first sign she was making this her home.  She handed Catherine the box.  Catherine carefully folded and put everything away.  Anya stood to the side and watched.
“You are a good wife.”
“Thank you.”  
Catherine stood over the final items, just some underwear and a khaki shirt.  She held them, folded them carefully, and placed them in Anya’s bureau.  When she was done, she turned and looked at Anya.  Neither said anything, but something important had been communicated.  This would be Anya’s home too.  They would be together.  Catherine knew she would be spending the rest of her life in Russia.  They had brought her here for a reason.  They would keep her.  If Anya was here with her, life would be so much easier.  It appeared, at least for the moment, Anya would be with her.
Evenings together were quiet.  Long leisurely dinners.  Catherine tended to make pasta dishes.  Italian food.  Wherever you went in the world, there was Italian food.  Here there was also vodka.  Not too much.  But in a sense, they were newly weds, and a half glass of vodka helped both relax.  They sipped it during dinner, and conversations got easier.
After dinner, they sat on a couch near the heater.  Anya took off her tunic, but kept her uniform blouse and trousers on.  Always the soldier.  Catherine sat next to her, leaning against her shoulder as Anya pulled Catherine’s legs up across her lap.  Catherine kissed her neck.  Anya slowly stroked her thighs.
Anya sometimes talked about work.  She brought up Sara.
“You were right.  We found a woman for her.  A couple years older, a couple inches taller, glasses and a big smile.  A math major.  They spent two days together in the woman’s flat.  Sara invited her to her graduation.  Obviously she agreed.  They will stay together.  A Russian voice constantly in Sara’s ear.  A very motivated voice.  The woman knows if she can get Sara to come back to Russia, there will be a huge bonus for her.”
“Sara has left?”
“Yes.  I have speaking invitations for her, and three promised visiting professorships to select from when she comes back.  We are confident professorships and the math woman will get her back here.”
“I’m surprised you let her out of the country.”
“We let her out because we were ninety eight percent sure we could get her back.  And we think she has additional datasets back in Madison.  Let her finish her degree and come back even more useful to us.”
“This is where I complain about what you are doing socially to my country.”
“What country’s name is on your passport.”
“Yes, I get it.  I am Russian now.”
“Are you listening to the CDs?  Is your Russian improving?”
“I have long conversations with the CD player and with all my kitchen appliances.  They understand me perfectly.”
“We will test your skills on Sunday.”
“What is happening Sunday?”
“I will tell you Sunday.”
That ended their conversations for that night.  It wasn’t long before they moved to the bedroom for their new routine.  Catherine undressed Anya, much of it on her knees.  Anya pulled Catherine’s dress down over her shoulders and held her.  Soon they were both in nightgowns.  Catherine lay on her stomach, Anya tied her wrists, and then Catherine pleased Anya.  Anya never pleased Catherine in the same way, but she was very good with her hands.  And, they spent the rest of the night tight together, Catherine with her wrists still bound, but warm arms around her.  Catherine slept well, and woke happy. 
Sunday morning was confusing for Catherine, and she soon learned it was confusing for Anya as well.  They went to church.
Anya wore her uniform.  She had Catherine wear one of her long gray dresses, and then gave her a knit shawl to wrap around her shoulders.  Catherine barely had it around her when Anya was adjusting it, unfolding and refolding so Catherine could wrap it around her shoulders, but also have it over her head.
“Women are to cover their head in church.”
“Church?”
“Yes, we are going to church.  Let’s see if we can get this shawl right.”
The two of them stood face to face, each holding the shawl, both looking for a way to fold it so it covered Catherine’s head and shoulders.  It took three tries to get the width of the shawl right.  Finally Catherine stood with the shawl spread over her, her arms crossed in front of her to hold the shawl, and her old gray dress drooping down near her ankles.  She was sure she looked sixty.
“This is where you divorce me.  You make me took ancient, and you divorce me.”
They got into the car, Catherine rewrapping the shawl and stomping her shoes to get the snow off.
“This where we talk with a priest and make a new friend.”
Anya would say no more as she drove through the woods.  Poplar trees.  Mile after mile of poplars.  Eventually Anya got to another road and drove through yet more poplars.  Two turns later, she came to a village and an old, wooden church.  Two onion domes rose above it.  A few people stood in front.
“Anya, the only Russian Orthodox church I have ever been in was the one that married me and Vasily.  We were there maybe ten minutes.  The priest had a huge beard and wore the blackest clothing I have ever seen.  He said some words, we had some version of communion, and we were out of there.”
“I have never been inside one.  But we do what the others do.  Then we talk with the priest.”
Both women got out and stood near the others.  There was one other person in uniform, and maybe a dozen women who looked somewhat like Catherine.  Catherine adjusted her shawl yet again and kept her arms tight across her chest, her fists crushing the corners of the shawl.
Nothing much happened.  A couple people went into the church.  Catherine wondered if they should too.  But others stayed out.  So they waited.  Then they heard bells.  Up between the two onion domes were half a dozen bells set in two rows.  Ropes dropped from them.  Some unseen man pulled on them.  There seemed to be no melody.  At least no song Catherine could recognize.  But the ropes were pulled with some vigor.  A rhythm. She thought she heard the sequence repeated.  But then it appeared everyone was going in, so they followed.
Inside, a large open space.  Lots of pictures along the walls.  Pictures painted on boards.  In the front, the usual altar, cross, and lectern.  No seats.  People shuffled toward the altar and stood in groups.  Two priests were present.  Once people had gathered, one read from a huge version of the Bible, and the other gave a talk.  Catherine’s Russian skills?  She caught one word in five.  Maybe less.  She was embarrassed, and very uncomfortable.  She felt like she was intruding.  The fact that Anya had dressed her to look like the other women just made her feel worse.  After five minutes she took Anya’s hand and tried to move her back to the doors.  Anya stood like a rock.
The service ended eventually.  Bells again.  Still no melody that Catherine could recognize.  But tempo.  As if the bell man was excited.  Catherine was excited to see people leaving.  But Anya stood unmoving.  Catherine tried another hand pull.  Anya just shook her head.  And watched one of the priests.  He stood talking to several people, then nodded in Anya’s direction when the people left.  He walked off to the back of the church, and Anya followed.  Catherine pulled her shawl tighter and followed as well.
There was a room in the back.  The priest entered and held the door for the women.  Catherine could feel him staring.  It felt like they were undergoing an examination.  But he quickly turned his attention to a very small girl sitting on the floor against a wall.
“Her name is Svetlana, but she seems to like ‘Lana.’  She is four.”
He spoke in English.  Catherine wasn’t sure what was going on.  She liked that she finally understood the words, but the meaning was still escaping her.  It was Anya’s turn to pull on Catherine’s hand.  Both women got closer to the girl, then both knelt down near her.  The girl watched both of them and seemed to edge away from Anya and her uniform.  
The priest stood over the three of them.
“The placement would be temporary while some family matters are worked out.  But it might be several months to a year.  I would need your agreement to keep her the entire time.  Multiple foster homes confuse children.  Stability is everything to them.”
“My housekeeper and I will give her a good home.”
Catherine’s head snapped around to stare at Anya.  “Housekeeper”?  A foster child?  What was she doing?  And should Catherine stop it?
“Colonel,” the priest took a seat next to the girl.  She immediately took his hand.  “I have done some checking.  I understand the relationship between you and your housekeeper.  We in the church do not recognize such relationships.  It is my hope that spending time with a child with convince each of you to form a more natural bond with a man and become a mother as God has chosen for you.”
“Thank you father.  We certainly will consider that.”  Anya began to rise.  Clearly she wanted the session to end.
Catherine just sat and looked at the little girl.  She appeared small for her age.  Her face a bit pinched, her hair oddly combed.  She wore a dress that seemed several sizes too large for her.  The girl looked back.  She stood and took several steps to Catherine.  Catherine held out her arms, and the girl fell into them.
“I will need passports and signatures from both of you.”  The priest led them to a large desk across the room.  He had a form ready.  Anya gave him both passports, and he copied basic information onto the form.  Then he gave the pen to Anya who quickly signed.  Catherine was holding Lana, and had to reach past her to take the pen and sign.
“Anya, Catherine, you sin every day.  See the innocence of this child.  Return to a state of grace.  Be like her – sinless in the eyes of God.”
Anya nodded and left the room.  Catherine rewrapped her shawl so it covered both her and the girl.  She thanked the priest and followed Anya.


Chapter 28
Motherhood

Nothing was said on the ride back home.  Catherine kept the girl on her lap, both still wrapped tight in the shawl.  The girl seemed to like it.  She looked around her, at the trees, at the car, at Anya, and then up at Catherine.  Catherine smiled.  The girl made at least an effort at a smile.
There was a small truck and two men at the house.  They each had an armload they carried inside.  Anya climbed the steps and talked to the men.  Catherine held Lana in her arms and stood outside.
“It’s okay.  You can come in now.”  Anya waved from the front door.
Catherine climbed the steps but stood just inside the door, still carrying Lana.  The men had set a small bed near the couch in the living room.  Anya had them push it against the wall.  A small chest of drawers and a narrow bookcase were placed near it.  The men went back out and brought in cardboard boxes.
“When did you know this was going to happen?”  Catherine stood next to Anya.
“I have been working on this for the last two weeks.  I knew you would like it.”
“And the girl?”
“We will see how it goes.”  
Anya pointed toward the small bureau, and the men set their boxes near it.  They paused, looked to Anya to see if more was expected of them, then left.
Catherine set Lana down.  Both peered into the boxes.  Bedding, clothes, several picture books.  A doll.  Lana looked but didn’t touch.  Catherine knelt and picked a bit at Lana’s hair.  Russian.  She struggled for the right words in Russian.
“Bath.  Yes?”
Anya extended the question.  Two words from Catherine, about twenty from Anya.  No words from Lana.  But no refusal either.  Catherine stood, took Lana’s tiny hand and walked to the bathroom.  She noticed how far she had to lean to take the girl’s hand.  Four?  Seemed small, even for four.
The tiny bathroom had a toilet, a sink, and a square tub in the corner.  About a meter square.  The shower head hung over it.  Catherine had never used it as a bathtub.  Now she looked to see how to stopper the drain, then began filling the tub.  Lana stood and watched.  Catherine sat on the floor and touched the girl’s dress.  She waited.  She wasn’t going to strip the girl until the girl was ready.
“Bath?  Yes?”  The girl nodded but didn’t move.  Catherine reached for the buttons on her dress.  She undid one, then another.  Lana never moved.  The dress hid underwear that should have been changed days earlier, and a bruise on her shoulder.  But no burn marks.  No welts from a belt or rod.  Catherine tested the temperature of the water, then lifted Lana and placed her in the tub.  Lana sat in the water.  She didn’t move.  Catherine took some soap and began washing.  Still no response from the girl.
“Warm?”  Catherine worked her way through her Russian vocabulary.  The CDs and workbook covered shopping, restaurants, introductions…  No baths.  She wasn’t even sure she was using the right word.  She thought she had the word for water, and maybe wash.  When in doubt, she fell back on the simple.  She smiled, repeated the words “pretty girl” (fairly sure she had those words right), and slowly washed the girl.
The water was already dirty by the time Catherine got to Lana’s hair.  It was sticky in spots, matted in others.  Lana sat and let Catherine pour water over her head, but she was unhappy when Catherine applied shampoo and some got in her eyes.  Once was not enough.  Catherine rinsed and then shampooed a second time.  A third time would have been useful, but she could see Lana had reached her limit.
Catherine wrapped Lana tight in a towel that covered her from her neck to her feet and carried her back out to the large room.  She stood her near the heater, then pulled one of the cardboard boxes close.  There were several sets of underwear, pants, shirts, socks, and dresses.  Catherine got her into underwear, then held out pants and a dress.  Lana pointed to the dress.
Hair was a challenge.  Catherine sat on the couch and stood Lana in front of her.  She toweled off her hair one more time, then started combing.  It took forever.  No four year old likes having their hair combed.  And her hair was a mass of snarls.  Catherine was patient, and slow, but she knew she was pulling and breaking Lana’s hair.  Lana was on the verge of tears by the time Catherine gave up.  Out came her scissors.  Catherine cut the least amount she could, and did her best to leave the ends even.  Lana could see locks of her hair hitting the floor.  Her mouth puckered up like she might cry, but she didn’t.  Catherine alternated cuts with hugs, and finally finished.
“Lana, should we eat?”  
Catherine took her hand.  A third chair had been added to the table, complete with booster seat.  Catherine lifted Lana into her chair, and brought her some bread and butter while she heated soup.
Catherine had kitchen Russian.  A year sharing a kitchen with Vasily’s mother had taught her a complete vocabulary.  She wasn’t sure why Lana would like to know the contents of every kitchen cabinet, but finally, Catherine had Russian she was sure of, so Lana got a lecture on every utensil, and every bit of food in the refrigerator or on a shelf.  Lana sat and listened, one more kid confused by one more mysterious adult.
“You didn’t name every vegetable in the crisper.”  Anya stood at the kitchen door.
“I’m desperate.  She says nothing.  I can’t think in Russian yet.”
“Don’t speak English to her, and we will not speak English in front of her.  Not after this.  Read her story books with her, talk with her, listen to her.  Learn Russian.  You are a Russian mother again.”
Catherine did her best.  The afternoon was spent on the couch, Lana on her lap, the two of them paging through the story books.  Catherine read them to the best of her ability.  Anya sat close.  Sometimes she correct Catherine, but mostly she let Catherine fumble as best she could.  Lana slept for much of the afternoon, leaning against Catherine’s chest.  Catherine made no attempt to put Lana in her bed.  She held her.  She stroked the girl’s hair.  She kissed the top of her head.  She smiled when Lana woke and looked up at her.
Anya did the talking at dinner.  She still wore her uniform, including her tunic jacket with the huge epaulettes.  And she sat erect.  She was creating an impression for the girl.  Her talk was about herself.  She was an officer, she protected the country, she had an important job.  Lana ate her pasta and mostly looked at Catherine.
Evening was more time on the couch, another story book, and finally bedtime.  Catherine helped her change into a long cotton nightgown, and then tucked her into bed.  The girl was asleep almost instantly.
“You knew her size.”  Catherine left the bedroom door open a crack, and kept her voice down as the two of them undressed.
“She was one of several girls we might have had.  I thought she would be the one you would pick.  So I chose her.  One of my assistants has three children.  She did the shopping for me.”
“And you know her background.”
“Yes.”
“Can she speak?”
“Yes.  There is nothing wrong with her.  She has just been left alone too much.”
“And we have a month or two to help her?”
“I think it will be longer.”
“That will just make it worse when she leaves.”  Catherine had changed into her nightgown.  She stood close to Anya, her hands at her sides, her concerns obvious.
“When she leaves is up to you.”  Anya played with Catherine’s hair, then pushed her back onto the bed.  “Roll over and give me your hands.”
“We can’t do that now.  She may get up in the night and need me.”
“I am here.”  Anya tied Catherine’s wrists a bit tighter than usual.  “Now roll over and please me.”  Catherine hesitated.  Anya leaned over her.  “You are my wife.  You will do as I tell you.”
“And you will show that you love me.”
“I have given you a child.”  Anya leaned over Catherine and waited.
“Thank you.”  
Catherine rolled onto her back and slid farther down the mattress.


Chapter 29
Life with Lana

The morning began with a disagreement.  Maybe a misunderstanding.  At seven Anya untied Catherine and sent her to make her breakfast.  Catherine slid out of bed and pulled one of the old dresses over her head.
“What are you doing?”  Anya clearly was unhappy.
“I thought with Lara here…”
“I like seeing you in your nightgown.  You will wear it until I leave.”
Catherine hesitated, then pulled the heavy dress back over her head.  She thought about how often she had been doing that – hesitating, then obeying.  Was hesitating a bit of rebellion, or just an obvious retreat.  Probably a retreat.  The kitchen was cool, but she made the morning oatmeal.  Bare feet, satin nightgown, most of her chest exposed. 
Lana wandered in.  Catherine helped her get up into her seat, then put oatmeal in front of her.  She was already eating it before Catherine could add milk.  Catherine played a bit with her hair and kissed the top of her head.
“My beautiful girl.”  She was pretty sure she had the Russian right.
Anya took her chair at the table.  She had her hands all over Catherine when she brought over her bowl.  One hand swung across Catherine’s ass and pulled her nearly on top of her.  The other hand went to Catherine’s neck and pulled her head down for a kiss.  She held the kiss, and she held Catherine’s ass.  Catherine waited.  This was a show for Lana.  She was pretty sure.  She waited.  Finally Anya let her up.
“I’d like some coffee and some bread too, please.”  She swatted Catherine’s ass as she retreated to the kitchen counter.
There was some more grabbing when Catherine came close, and then a whole new event at the front door.  Shoes.  Anya pulled on her overcoat, then stood and waited.  Catherine stood by the door as usual, but this morning Anya pointed down at her shoes.  Catherine still didn’t understand until Anya put a hand on her shoulder and pressed down.
Catherine got down on her knees and helped place Anya’s feet in her shoes, and then tied them for her.  She stayed on her knees when she was done.
“There’s a scene from an old American movie that they used to show in school.  Maybe they still do.”  Anya kept a hand on Catherine’s head.  She was to stay kneeling while she listened.  “It shows a man coming home from the office.  His wife is waiting with his slippers.  She gets on her knees and takes off his shoes, then puts on his slippers while smiling up at him.  They showed the scene to tell kids how decadent Americans were.  How oppressed their wives were.  But kids see what they want to see.  Girls decided maybe that was required of them.  Boys decided they had just seen paradise.”
“And you?”  Catherine looked up and studied Anya’s face.
“I think the woman was showing her love.”
Anya kissed Catherine on the top of her head, leaving her on her knees as she walked out the door.  Catherine rose and stood by the window.  Lana came to her and took her hand.  They both stared out the window a long time after Anya’s car had disappeared up the snow covered road.
“Your hair.”  Catherine pulled Lana toward the couch.  She needed to make a list of words to look up. “comb” would be first on the list.  She had spent two years with small Russian girls, and she had used some Russian.  But she and the girls had also used English.  And once they got to Amberg, it was mostly English.  Good for the girls, not so good for Catherine.  Catherine stared at Lana, hoping Russian words would suddenly appear.  That morning the words still seemed to be in hiding.
But Lana seemed to know what was going on.  She stood still as Catherine carefully worked a comb through the morning tangles.  Catherine had packed as badly as any woman had ever packed for a lifetime trip, but she was pretty sure she had clips and rubber bands for her hair.  She left Lana for a moment, dug through the cosmetics she had poured into a bureau drawer, and came out with hair clips and two scrunchies.  Lana stood motionless, waiting.
“Hair.”  Catherine felt stupid, but she wanted to tell Lana at least what the general intention of the clips and bands were.  She pulled Lana close and began pulling her hair back.  A ponytail.  Another word for the list.  The Russian for ponytail.  Or horse.  All the fairytales she had read to Valentina and Anika, didn’t one of the princes ride a horse?   Vasily’s mother had been so much more useful.  More demanding.  Certainly more helpful than the picture books Catherine had read.  
Catherine repeated “hair” and “pretty” as she combed out the girl’s hair, and slowly pulled it back, being careful not to pull too tight.  She had a bright red scrunchy.  She showed it to Lana, then wrapped it around a fistful of hair.  Blond, baby soft, it was a joy to hold as she brought the scrunchy around.  She played with the ponytail just a bit, smiling brightly at Lana as she flipped the pony tail to one side or the other.
“Now you.”  Lana’s first words.  Several more words followed, none of which Catherine understood, but that didn’t matter.  Lana had spoken.  Catherine couldn’t help herself.  She hugged the girl.  The girl was tiny, just a stack of small bones, and Catherine immediately feared she had hurt her, but she hugged her just the same.
“Yes, me.”  Catherine carefully and slowly combed her own hair out, then pulled it back.  The other scrunchy was an odd shade of green.  She had no idea why she owned it, much less why she packed it.  But she used it now.  Her own pony tail.  She completed it, then moved her own head from side to side to show her ponytail swinging.
Lana swung her tail in time with Catherine.  She neighed and said the words that probably meant horse and tail.  Catherine repeated them, pointing to her hair.  Two words.  Did they mean horse?  Tail?  Pony?  She repeated them several times while she and Lana continued to shake their heads and laugh.
Progress.  Real progress.  Catherine made more as she got Lana dressed.  She knew the Russian for most clothing.  What she learned as they looked through Lana’s tiny bureau was what Lana liked.  No pants.  No shirts.  Dresses.  She had five to choose from.  She chose the ones with long sleeves and long skirts.  Ankle length.  And ribbons.  One had ribbons at the cuffs and at the throat.  She liked that one.  Catherine buttoned her into it, then left her with a book while she went to dress herself and clean up the kitchen.
Now what?  How does one entertain a four year old?  With Valentina and Anika, there had been school, television, and DVDs.  What would Lana like?
It took three days, but they found a schedule.  Mornings – a book and a walk.  Neither of them had boots, but the snow had not gotten deep yet.  Catherine followed tire tracks and carried Lana most of the way.  About a hundred yards down the road to look at several trees that hadn’t quite shed all their leaves yet, then back.  It was cold.  But Catherine wrapped Lana tight inside her shawl, her little arms tight around her neck.  She liked holding Lana close.  Lana liked swinging her ponytail.
Afternoons?  A nap while Catherine did laundry and rummaged through assorted groceries choosing what to cook for dinner.  It was most soup and pasta, but since Anya was doing the shopping, she couldn’t complain about the meals Catherine made.  The second afternoon Lana discovered the CD player.  Out went the language instruction.  In went music.  The two of them danced.  Then they sat together and listened.  Lana liked being held.  Catherine wondered.  Had Valentina and Anika liked being held so much?  She tried to remember, then felt a huge wave of pain strike her.  Wrong memories.  She almost cried.  Wrong memories.
When Anya got home, it was all about Anya.  Feeding her, pouring her vodka, listening to her stories.  People she had seen.  Problems she had solved.  Important things that had been brought to her.  Lana and Catherine listened.  Then Lana went to bed, and Catherine and Anya went to their room.  Anya was demanding.  Catherine was willing.  
Weeks passed.  Days fell into a routine.  This new life for Catherine.  Her wrists were bound at night, and she was on her knees each morning, but she had warm arms around her as she slept.  She was isolated at the end of a long and empty road, but she had tiny arms that clung to her neck and a small voice that laughed and talked as they danced.  
Days got shorter, darker and colder, but Catherine was at peace. 


Chapter 30
The Official Visit

Prissy.  Catherine could think of no better way to describe the woman.  She arrived just after lunch.  Catherine was about to put Lana down for a nap, and suddenly there was this car in the yard.  A woman got out, straightened her coat, and marched up the steps to the door.  Mid-thirties, average height, weight.  Average everything, including hair color.  But the way she held her head, and the expression on her face, said she was a person of authority.
Two raps on the door with her knuckles, a business card ready to pass over.
“Good afternoon, I am blah, blah, blah Alexandrova of blah, blah.  I am here to blah, blah, blah Svetlana.”
The woman’s eyes practically bored into Catherine.  She stood at the door assuming she would be admitted without delay.  But there was a delay.  Catherine stood looking at the card, and at the woman, while she replayed the statements the woman had made.  Something to do with Lana.  Apparently something official.  No one had told her such a woman would visit.  As she thought of it, it seemed reasonable for someone to ensure the child was being cared for.  If that was what the woman was there for.  Or had she come to take Lana?  
Catherine stepped back and let the woman in.  The woman immediately surveyed the room and saw Lana sitting on the edge of her bed.
“Good afternoon, Svetlana.”  The woman put on an official smile.  Lana looked, but made no response.
“I wish to speak with Svetlana blah blah blah.”  It was clear she expected Catherine to do something.  Catherine didn’t understand what she was being asked, so she just stood where she was.
“Go to…” The woman upped the volume of her command, and pointed. “Bedroom.”  Not only was she speaking louder, but she was also slower.  Even her hand gesture was slow.  She repeated the gesture three times.
“No.”  The woman didn’t seem dangerous, but if she made any attempt to take Lana, Catherine wanted to be right where she was – by the door.  
The woman’s eyebrows immediately shot up. 
“I will speak with Svetlana.”
“Yes.”  Catherine would allow that.  The official card in her hand seemed to make that required.
“You…”  She pointed to the bedroom again.
“No.”
The woman’s face made a series of movements as the woman tried to decide if Catherine was stupid, disagreeable, or dangerous.  She seemed to settle on stupid.  She turned her back on Catherine and went to Lana’s bed.  Lana immediately backed against the wall, her knees pulled up to her chest.  The woman sat on the side of her bed, paused, and reinstalled her official smile.
“Hello, Svetlana.  I am blah blah Nina Alexandrova.  You are well?”
Long pause from Lana, then a nod.
“Are you afraid?”
Shorter pause, then a head shake.
“Would you like to come with me?”
“No.”  She backed up tighter to the wall, and pushed her hands behind her.
“Do you like Missus Antonov?”
Lana nodded, then looked over at Catherine.
“Do you want to stay here?”
Lana nodded.
“Has anyone here hurt you?  Made you cry?”
Lana looked directly at the woman and shook her head.
“You may go to your mother now, if you wish.”
Lana immediately slid off her bed and ran to Catherine.  Catherine pulled her up in her arms.  The woman watched.  The official smile reappeared.
“I have questions for you.”  She spoke loudly and slowly.  Catherine nodded.
“Please sit here.”  Catherine pointed to the couch.  “Would you like coffee?”
“Yes, please.”
Catherine carried Lana with her to the kitchen and boiled some water.  While Catherine worked in the kitchen, the woman looked at Lana’s bed and checked each drawer of her bureau.  She sat on the couch when she was done.
“You are American?”  
“I was American.  Now I am Russian.”  Catherine answered over her shoulder as she poured hot water over instant coffee.
“We have many immigrants now.  Blah, blah, Ukraine.”
Not a discussion Catherine wanted to have.  She stirred the coffee, her back to the woman.
“You and Colonel Antonov.  You are lovers?”
“Yes.”  Catherine turned toward the woman.  She wanted the woman to see her say the word.
“This is blah blah blah.”  Many more “blahs.”  Catherine stirred the coffee and stared at the woman.  The official smile was long gone.  The expression was much closer to disgust.
“Svetlana sleeps with you?”  It came out sounding equal parts question and accusation.
“No.”  Catherine pointed to Lana’s bed.  “She sleeps there.”
“She sees you and Colonel Antonov …”  She was staring at the bedroom, apparently trying to find the right word.
“No.”
“What you do is illegal.”  Lots of additional words followed.  Catherine wasn’t sure if she was citing the penal code or expressing her own opinion.  Catherine stirred the coffee and waited until the woman seemed to wind down.
“We love Lana.  We will care for her.”  Lana was riding Catherine’s hip, her face hidden against Catherine’s shoulder.  The woman looked at Catherine and then at Lana.
“What you do is wrong.  Blah blah blah will choose what to do next.”  
And the interview was over.  The woman was out the door and to her car before Catherine could cross the room.  Catherine poured out the coffee, then carried Lana back to her bed.  Lana got under the covers, but took forever to sleep.  Catherine sat on the edge of her bed and stroked her back until she finally slept.
Catherine stood at the front windows and stared at that narrow road.  Barely midafternoon, and the shadows were getting long.  Somewhere out there in a place she couldn’t see, people were deciding if she got to keep Lana.  Foster care was short-term.  She understood that.  She might only have Lana for a few months.  Maybe a year.  But she wanted those months.  She wanted Lana.  She wanted someone to share her days.  Even if it was just to walk a hundred yards down that narrow road, or to dance to the same tune every afternoon.  She wanted Lana.  She wanted to hold those tiny hands and to feel her hot breath against her neck.
Could Anya deal with the bureaucracy?  Get the priest to intervene?  Anya was late getting home.  Catherine changed into one of her evening dresses, did her hair and her makeup, and waited.  Six came, then six thirty.  Lana needed to be fed.  Catherine made her a meal, then sat with her and read one of the same picture books she read every night.  Lana said many of the words with her as Catherine pointed to them.  Catherine read, and listened for a car.
It was after nine when she finally heard the car.  Lana was in bed, Catherine pacing along the front of the house, pausing at each window to look and listen.
“There was a woman…”  Catherine stood close to Anya, helped her out of her overcoat, and started her story, keeping her voice low.
“In there.”  Anya pointed to their bedroom.  She pulled Catherine into the room and closed the door.
“A woman came…”
“Shh…”  Anya pressed Catherine back on their bed and climbed on top of her.  She grabbed Catherine’s hair and held her head still as she kissed her.  “You should be unbuttoning my clothes.”
“I need to tell you about…”
“Some petty bureaucrat named Alexandrova.  Yes.  I know.  Now, undress me.”
Catherine lay on her back and reached up to work on buttons.  There were many.  The tunic, her blouse, her pants.  It took time and effort.  While she worked, Anya continued to hold Catherine’s head.  Anya shed her clothes as Catherine freed her buttons, then her hands went back to Catherine’s hair.  She held tight.
“Is she going to take Lana?  She hates us.”
“Reach into my tunic pocket.”
Catherine fished around in the clothes that now lay next to her.  She found a folded piece of paper inside the coat pocket.  It had seals and a large imprint across the top.  Three names were prominent:  Catherine Antonov, Anya Antonov, and Svetlana Danilova.
“They are approving us as foster parents?”
“They have approved us as parents.  You and I have shared custody of Lana.  We have adopted her.”
“But she’s only been with us a few weeks.”
“She has been without parents for over a year.”
Catherine had lots more to say, but the sentences were somewhat scrambled.  What about the woman’s report and recommendation?  How could anything take place so fast?  Was it even legal for two women to adopt?  She looked up at Anya.  
“Thank you.”
“You and I, Catherine.  By adopting together, we are linked together.  Legally.  There is no same-sex marriage in Russia.  But we share a child.  We share a home.  We are legally committed to each other.  We are married, Catherine.  In every sense that matters.  Under the law.”
There was much more to say, but it waited until they had gotten into their nightgowns and slipped into bed.  Anya bound Catherine’s wrists, lay on top of her, and held her head.
“You are mine now Catherine.  Legally.  Lana is ours.  You are mine.  My wife.  The mother of our child.”
Catherine nodded her agreement.  It was true.  Weeks earlier she had been on the verge of adopting Valentina and Annika.  The adoption would be one more step in making them fully American.  The adoption of Lana was the final step in making Catherine a Russian housewife.  


Chapter 31
The General Tells a Story

Catherine woke up happy.  Anya had held her all night.  She liked that.  She liked running around the kitchen barefoot, getting breakfast ready.  She lifted Lana into her booster seat, hugging her extra hard as she did so.  Her daughter.  Her tiny daughter.  She played a bit with Lana’s hair, got a big smile from the girl, and got oatmeal on the table as Anya finished getting ready.
More ass grabbing from Anya when she came to the table.  Catherine let her grab, and kissed her.  If there is such a thing as an “intimate smile,” that is what they shared as Catherine brought coffee and toast to the table.  Rather than sit with Anya, she stood next to her, her hip pressed against Anya’s shoulder, her hand playing around the collar of her blouse.
At the door, Catherine not only knelt to tie Anya’s shoes, but slipped the top of her gown down so Anya could watch her breasts.  Anya looked, smiled, and cupped Catherine’s breasts as she bent to kiss her good bye.
The rest of the day was like every other day.  But it wasn’t.  The change was total.  The girl in her arms was not hers to temporarily help and protect.  The girl was hers.  The woman she lived with was not just a lover.  She was her partner in marriage.  Even the dress she wore was not just something found in the closet.  It was the natural dress of a Russian wife and mother.  Catherine and Lana spent the days as they had before, and Catherine and Anya spent the nights as they had before, but nothing was as it had been before.
Over the next few weeks Anya brought more things to the cottage.  More of her clothes.  A small TV.  A DVD player and a dozen movies for children.  Also groceries, vodka, and a huge smile.
Winter got colder and darker.  Catherine had no sense of the date.  She guessed late November.  It didn’t matter.  She and Lana went outside when the weather permitted, her shawl pulling them tightly together.  Inside they danced, read, and watched silly movies.  They talked, sometimes repeating lines from the movies.  Lana repeated some words to help Catherine with pronunciation, and slowly Catherine’s Russian vocabulary grew.  Anya came home most nights, and all those nights were good.
One morning the general arrived.  They had been watching a movie, but they heard the car.  A single car on a silent road.  Fresh snow squeaked beneath its wheels.  Catherine and Lana turned off the movie and stood at the front windows.  The general.  Orlov.  The instant the general got out of his car Lana ran to her bed and sat in the far corner, her knees tight to her chest, her arms around her knees. 
Catherine stood at the window, but she too was tempted to run to some far corner.  Orlov stood by his car.  He gave Catherine time.  Time to see him.  Time to accept his presence.  For several minutes he just stood looking up at Catherine.  Such a large man.  There had been a time, back when Catherine had been earning her black belt, when she might have been able to defend herself against him.  Maybe not beat him, but at least fend him off.  Years ago.  Too many years.  Too long since she had been in a gym.  Too long since she had done her exercises.  At the airport she had hit him in the chest as hard as she could.  He hadn’t even reacted.  Now she didn’t feel like a black belt.  She felt like a lone woman at the end of a long road.
He stood.  He watched her.  He waited.  When he had created whatever impression he had intended, he climbed the stairs.  Every stair popped.  They didn’t creak.  They popped as the fall’s frozen rain and snow exploded under his weight.  He reached the door and waited.
Catherine moved to the door, tempted to block it.  
“Catherine.”  The general stood at the top of the steps.  His voice was soft, and slow.  As if he were talking to an old friend across the room.  “May I come in?”  Not a demand.  A request.  Said quietly.  In English.  Catherine opened the door part way and stood ready to block him if she chose.  The general looked past her shoulder toward Lana.
“Lana is afraid of uniforms.  It would be less threatening to her if you smiled at me, motioned for me to sit at that couch, and then brought us each a glass of vodka.”  The general stood and waited.  Catherine didn’t move.  The general tried again, his voice still soft and low.
“I have a gift for Lana.  And I thought you would like to know her story.”  He held out a small package.
Catherine still didn’t move.  She studied the man.  She thought of Lana, now hiding her face behind tiny fingers, but watching every movement at the door.  Finally she nodded to Orlov, then smiled, and responded in Russian so Lana could hear.
“Welcome General Orlov.  It is good to see you again.  Please, sit.  I will get us some vodka, and we can talk of old times.”
Catherine directed Orlov toward the couch, then headed to the kitchen.  She stopped at Lana’s bed first and slid her hand over her hair.  
“It’s okay, Lana.  He is a friend.”
She then casually walked to the kitchen and pulled a bottle of vodka from a cabinet.  Orlov took off his overcoat, then his tunic, and loosened his tie.  He sat on the couch, his legs crossed at the knee.  He switched to Russian said loud for Lana’s benefit.
“No formalities, Catherine.  Sergei.  Just call me Sergei.”
Catherine brought two glasses of vodka to the couch, smiling again at Lana as she crossed the room.  Orlov took his, then touched glasses when Catherine was seated.
“To old friends.”  He took a sip from his glass.  Catherine just held hers.  Orlov switched to English.
“Drink some, Catherine.  It is a custom between old friends.  She will be watching.”
Catherine took a sip, then smiled.  
“General, we smile, and speak in English, and hope she thinks we are friends.  Why?  What do you want to tell me about her?”
“You should know her history.”  He took another sip of vodka and waited.  Catherine smiled, waited, then drank as well.
“I need to drink to hear the story?  This is a bit like an undergraduate drinking game.”
“You need to drink to relax, then she will relax.”
“You expect a lot.  Maybe too much.”
“I think our time together will go well.”  He drank.  So did Catherine.
“First, congratulations, Catherine, on the adoption.  It is unusual, but not the first.  It is obvious you will be a good mother.  And if it ties you to Colonel Antonov and Russia, so much the better.”
“Thank you.  Now the story.”  She drank a bit more.  She could feel it in her throat.  And her cheeks were already warming.  No doubt the result he desired.
“Her parents are from an industrial city in Siberia.  That means, by the way, her Russian will be accented.  I noticed a bit of that as you spoke.”
“Since I only speak to her, Anya, and my kitchen appliances, I am not too concerned.”
 “I find it interesting.  But you are right.  No real problem for a Russian housewife.  You look perfect in that dress by the way.  And I notice a few gray hairs.  Do you wear a shawl over your head like the other women out here?”
“I am becoming a babushka.  I know.  I don’t care.  Are you here to tell me about Lana, or just to drink my vodka?”
“I am here to see you.  An old friend.  But you are right.  I have a story to tell.”  He drank more of the vodka and then continued.
“The father was a small time thug.  Petty crimes.  Thought he would commit bigger crimes if he lived in Moscow.  The mother was a decent woman, but wanted out of Siberia.  She attached herself to the thug as a way out.  They arrive in Moscow and do what new arrivals do – small crimes for him, hostessing for her.  Girls like her work the clubs for a year or two.  Life is rough and beauty fades.  There are always new girls.  She got pregnant.  Maybe he was the father, maybe someone else.  No one wants a pregnant hostess.  She found a job in a small shop.  She had the baby.  She did the best she could, like all single mothers.  He was around, he was off doing jobs, then he was off doing time.  He joined the wrong gang in jail and was killed.  She was taken in by some other thug.  She worked the streets.  Did drugs.  Overdosed when Lana was three.”  
Orlov paused and drank a bit of Vodka.  Catherine drank as well, then decided to contribute the obvious.
“I am assuming uniforms scare her because uniforms were at her door pretty often.” 
Orlov nodded.  Catherine drank more of her vodka, then took both glasses to the kitchen for refills.  She noticed Lana had lowered her legs.  She was still backed against the wall, but she appeared more relaxed.  She met Catherine’s smile.
“Orphanages are overwhelmed.”  Orlov took the glass from her when she returned to the couch.  Both drank.  “There are state orphanages, and now a few run by the church.  Neither are very good.  I don’t know how she was treated before her mother died, or how she was treated in the orphanage.  I know she will get better treatment from you.”
“Thank you.”
The conversation paused.  Clearly Orlov had more to say.  Catherine wondered about his real reason for driving an hour to nowhere.
“You have been with Anya for over two months now.  It is going well?”
“Yes.”
“This is not an interrogation, Catherine.”
“Of course it is.”
“Still, maybe answers of more than one word…”
“Anya treats me well.  And she is a good mother to Lana.”
“People at work find her demanding.  A bit of a bully.  Do you feel safe with her?”
“Safer with her than with you.”
“Fair enough.  I will not criticize her.  It was a friendly question.  Just an old man’s concern for a friend.”
“There is no need for concern.  Now tell me why you are here.”
“When you arrived, we agreed I would visit from time to time, and you would talk with me.”
“During that meeting you also put a tracking collar around my neck.”
“It is actually a very attractive necklace, and while it tracks you, it also protects you.  Should you be taken some place, we can find you.”
“I have been taken to a cottage in the middle of the forest.  And you have found me.  Are we done?”
“We will be done when you do as you promised.  You two speak.  She tells you things about her department.  Now you will tell me.”
Catherine sat looking at Orlov.  What to say?  What not to say?  Some conversations seemed safe enough to repeat.  They might even help Anya. 
“She thinks the new hires are too trained in IT, and not trained enough in psychology.  She says HR doesn’t even understand what the department does and what kind of people she needs.”
“Okay, and…”  He nodded and waited.
“She thinks Putin is making a mistake closing off Russian access to the internet.  She wants Russians to see what is happening in America.  She wants them to understand what is tearing America apart.  She knows she can show people the craziness going on, but it is more effective if they see it for themselves.”
“She is right.  What else?”
“Sara Adams.  Anya is waiting for her return.”  As the words came out of Catherine’s mouth, she knew every syllable was drenched in jealousy.  A pretty little woman who had been in Anya’s bed far too many nights.  “Anya thinks she is brilliant.  She has job offers for her, and a woman ready to seduce her.  Some mathematician.  She thinks Sara will come back after she receives her degree, and this time she will stay.”
Orlov studied Catherine.  Catherine looked away.  She pretended to be checking on Lana, but she was really hiding her face.  She was embarrassed.  Her jealousy was obvious.  And she had just given Orlov a lever to work on her.
“Anything else you wish to tell me?”
“No.”  
Catherine finished her vodka and took both their glasses to the kitchen.  
“While I am here, why not show me your new home?” 
Orlov had followed her to the kitchen.  It was obvious he had no interest in that room.  She led him to her bedroom.  He closed the door and pressed her against the wall.
“You said you would never force me.”
“And I will not.  But I will kiss you.”
He held her shoulders, his body pressed tight against her.  Catherine did not struggle.  She stood and looked at him.  And waited.
“Well?”  She looked up at him and watched his face.
“I’m waiting for you to look at me.”
“What?”
He lifted her off the floor, his knees slipping between hers, his hands tight around her shoulders.  He lifted her until their faces were almost touching.
“You look at me and see a general.  A man you dislike for past sins.  And yes, he was unkind.  Maybe you see a man you fear.  But you still do not see me.”
“What am I to see?”  
Her face was so close to his, she could feel this breath.  She noticed that even though he held her complete weight in his hands, he was not breathing any faster or harder than usual.
“We have had many conversations.  You have never asked about me.  You know nothing about me.  My age, my family…”
“Okay.  How old are you?”
“Fifty two.  The same age as Vasily.  We both were new to our uniforms as our country failed.”
“And your family?”
“Father dead.  Mother comfortably retired in Sochi.  So, was that hard?”
“No.  Now do we kiss?”
“First, Catherine, you tell me how you like to be kissed.”
“Soft, gentle, and long.”
“And my arms?  How am I to hold you?”
“Hold me close.  One arm across my back.  The other, yes, there.”  Orlov slid a hand under her ass and lifted her.  “And you?  How do you wish me to hold you?”
“I like your arms around my neck, your hands at the back of my head, holding me so you can reach my mouth.”
They kissed, and it was as Catherine requested – soft, gentle, and long.  When they were done, they continued to hold each other, their faces almost touching.
“You are wrong, Sergei, about what I know.  That night in the Kremlin, I know you wanted to rape me.  You were desperate to get me in your bed.  But you waited.  You showed restraint, and respect.”
“I know you love Vasily enough to give up everything you own and love to keep him safe.  And, while I do not understand it, I know you love Anya.  You will be a good wife to her, and mother to Lana.”
“What is your gift to her?”
“A sweater.  I think she will like it.”
Catherine felt his legs push her knees farther apart.
“Sergei, you need to put me down before you break your vow.”
Orlov kissed her again.  It was soft, gentle, and very long.  But he did put her down.  He followed her out of the bedroom, back to his coat.
“One last show for Lana.  Play a bit with my tie.  A bit of a tease.  An old friend would do that, and then she would kiss both my cheeks.”
Catherine did both.
“She might even give me a quick kiss on the lips.”
“Or she would slap your face.”
Orlov smiled, and held Catherine’s shoulders.
“Remember what I said about your necklace.  Yes, it tracks you, but it also tells me where to find you if you need my help.”
“Are we done?”
“No.  We will be together many more times.  And I think we will become friends.  Maybe more than friends.  You are a very interesting woman.”
Orlov smiled and left.  Catherine stood and watched his car slowly disappear into the snow covered forest.  Lana came to her and took her hand.
“I think we should have lunch and then make cookies.  Okay?”
“Yes, Mama.”


Chapter 32
Christmas in Moscow

Catherine and Anya had a long talk that evening.  Catherine hid nothing.
“Orlov was here.  He told me about Lana’s parents.  Father was a minor criminal, mother got into drugs.  Lana was orphaned at three.”
“She loves you.”  They were in bed.  Anya had bound Catherine’s wrists and was lying over her.  “I see the way she looks at you.  She truly loves you.”
“And I love her.  I know you do too.”
“Did Orlov want anything else?”  Anya had her hands in Catherine’s hair.  She was slowly pulling her fingers through.  Now her fingers tightened – just a bit.
“He wanted to know what you were telling me.  I told him you were concerned HR was sending you the wrong people.  Also, the internet should be kept open so Russians could watch Americans commit social suicide.  And, I told him you expected Sara to return.”
“What did he say about Sara?”  Anya’s fingers now gripped Catherine’s hair much more tightly.
“Nothing.  That was it.  But he did say you were becoming very demanding at work.  He wondered how you were treating me.”
“That is such bullshit.  Women leaders get the same shit every time.”  Anya caught her breath.  She stared down into Catherine’s eyes.  “I bet you heard the same shit.  If a woman is demanding, she is not an aggressive leader, she is a bully or a bitch.  If she goes easy with people, she is too passive to be a real leader.  You can’t win.”
“Are you more demanding?”
“Yes.  I feel it.  Ever since we got Lana.  I think it’s hormonal.  I feel stronger.  It’s my job now to protect you and Lana.  And I see changes in you.  Your breasts and ass are bigger, and your shoulders and legs are softer.  I get stronger to protect you, you get softer to comfort Lana and attract me.  We are changing.  So, yes, I am more demanding.”
“Are my breasts really getting larger?”  Catherine looked up at Anya, and down at her chest.
“Yes.”
“They were always so small.”
“They are very nice now.”  Anya began fondling Catherine’s breasts.  She pulled her nightgown down from her shoulder and put her mouth on Catherine’s breast.  She used her tongue and touched her with her teeth.
“That feels good.”  Catherine tried to move her chest up against Anya’s mouth.
“Hold still.”  Anya kept her mouth on Catherine’s breast while she slipped a hand down between her legs.  In minutes Catherine was feeling waves of heat pulse through her body.  Her breathing changed, and she could hear herself moan.  Softly at first, and then louder.  She was beginning to gasp for breath.
And Anya stopped.  She raised her mouth from Catherine’s breast, and slid her fingers away from Catherine’s legs.
Catherine felt stunned.  What had been marvelous was now being withheld.  She protested.
“Anya, please.  That felt so good.”
Anya held her head above Catherine’s.  She looked into Catherine’s eyes.  And waited.
“Anya.  Please.”  She looked up and saw Anya’s eyes.  Demanding.  Expectant.  “Please, Anya.”  There was a new level of pleading in her voice.  
Anya smiled, and moved her mouth back to Catherine’s breast.  Catherine was wet and gasping in seconds.  And grateful.  Very grateful.  And aware.  Anya would make even more demands.  And the newer, softer Catherine would agree. 

Over the next several mornings Catherine checked herself in the shower.  Bigger ass and softer shoulders?  Yes.  She hadn’t exercised in forever.  She knew that, and she was unbothered.  She didn’t want to exercise.  She wanted to sit and read with Lana, and watch movies, and cuddle.  They took short walks together, and danced, but that’s not the same thing as a ten K run.  So be it.  She would soften a bit.
As for her breasts, yes, they did seem somewhat larger.  Not massive, but larger.  Noticeably larger.  Attractively larger.  In the evenings, when she put on one of her V-neck dresses, she saw nicely rounded bulges.  She saw them, and Anya saw them.  She saw where Anya was looking, and both women would smile.
There was a great deal of smiling, and cuddling, and fondling in the weeks that followed.  It was a happy home.  Anya came home one night with a pile of clothing.  Boots and winter coats for both Catherine and Lana.  Now Catherine and Lana could take slightly longer walks.  And they could make snow angels out in the yard.  Catherine wanted to help Lana make her first snow man, but the snow was too cold.  Try as she might, Catherine couldn’t get it to pack into a snow ball, much less a snow man.  But the snow angels looked good.  And they made new angels after each new snowfall.
One night Anya came home with a new dress for Catherine.  It was a day dress – heavy cotton, skirt to her ankles, long sleeves, square neckline with embroidery along the edge.  Forest green.  Practical, and warm, with just a bit of style.  Not a babushka dress.  Catherine wore it for Anya that evening.  The next night she went back to the three dresses she had brought from America, but now she had a dress she would not be embarrassed to wear in public.
Anya took her out in public a week later.
December is a cold month in Russia.  It is also confusing.  Christmas.  Western Europe celebrates on December twenty fifth.  The Russian Orthodox Church uses a different calendar.  For them, Christmas falls in January.  The average Russian has four choices – celebrate in December, celebrate in January, celebrate both times, or ignore the whole thing.  Based on the crowds along the sidewalks of Tverskaya Street, it appeared most Muscovites had chosen option one, two, or three.  
Anya held one of Lana’s hands, Catherine held the other.  But the sidewalks were too crowded to walk three abreast.  Within the first block, Catherine put Lana on her hip, and they wove their way through the crowds.  First stop – McDonalds at Pushkin Park.  Once the biggest McDonalds in the world, it was plenty large.  Lines were long.  The food was McDonalds.  Big Macs for Anya and Catherine, a cheeseburger for Lana.  They shared a table with three others.  Lana ate like she hadn’t had a meal in months.  Catherine knew she was eating pretty quickly too.  It had been a while since her last McDonalds.
“Thank you for this.”  Catherine had to raise her voice to be heard above the general noise.
“I see she likes it.”  Anya pointed to Lana.
“Me too.”
“No need to go to America.  America has come to us.”
Anya was wearing her dress uniform.  With her heavy overcoat and epaulettes on her shoulders, she looked large.  Other customers seemed to keep their distance.  Catherine was wearing her new green dress and winter coat.  Lana had picked a green dress to match.  The two of them sat close.
“Anya, thank you for bringing us, but why are we here?”  Catherine wasn’t sure she had gotten the verb tense right – “bringing” – but she was determined to speak Russian.  Lana would understand, and other customers would not stare.
“New York has Fifth Avenue.  Moscow has Tverskaya Street.  I want you to see it.  I want you to see our wealth.  You live in a very successful country.”
“And…”
“I want you to help me shop for a gift.”
“For Lana?”
“No.  For Sara.”  Anya stared at Catherine and waited.  She sat erect.  Shoulders back.  Head held high.  If Catherine was going to object, Anya was ready.
“So she is returning?”
“We think in about two weeks.”  Anya continued to make eye contact.  She seemed to expect a fight.
“Will you give her the gift, or will the mathematician?”
“I think she will get multiple gifts from multiple people.”
“Lucky lady.”  Catherine broke eye contact.  This was not a fight she could win, and certainly not a fight she wanted to have in front of Lana.
“Shall we go?”
Catherine nodded, but took a moment to wipe ketchup from Lana’s chin.  Just getting back out of the restaurant meant pushing through a crowd, so Catherine put Lana back on her hip and wove around looking for any spacing available.
“When it first opened, lines went all around Pushkin Park.”  Anya pointed across the street.  The park was several blocks square.  Catherine wasn’t sure what to say.  So she said nothing.  They maneuvered back to the side walk and then turned the corner back onto Tverskaya Street.  All of Moscow seemed to be in the sidewalks.
“Stalin built this street.”  Anya pointed down towards the Kremlin in the distance.  “He wanted a street that showed the success of the revolution.  He moved buildings back so the street could be wider.  Others he demolished.  He did well, don’t you think?”
Catherine nodded and kept walking.  She saw a wide, commercial street.  Buildings several stories tall.  Obviously not Fifth Avenue, but she chose not to mention that.  Stalin wanted a street.  Stalin got a street.  She didn’t care.  Somewhere on this street her marriage partner was going to buy a present for another woman.  And ask for her help in the process.  She pulled Lana tight and moved around another couple that was blocking the sidewalk as they stared into shop windows.  Catherine gave the man a good bump as she went by.
“I think this store.”  Anya went in.  Catherine followed.
A dress store.  She was going to buy Sara a dress.  Probably not a forest green day dress.  The lighting, the carpeting, the manikins all said whatever she bought was not going to be cheap.  Two models walked the room, turning, posing, looking haughty.  They wore synthetics that probably cost more than silk.  The material flowed around them.  Catherine guessed they were both size zero.  Material always flowed around a body that thin.
A shop girl was quick to meet Anya.  Another size zero, wearing a dress it was unlikely she could ever afford.  She and Anya had a quick conversation and one of the models went off.  While they waited for her return, the woman looked over at Catherine and Lana standing several feet behind Anya.  Anya made no effort to introduce them.
The model came back showing much more leg.  She did quick turns to flare the skirt even higher.  Anya looked back at Catherine and raised an eye brow.
“Look at her waist.  Sara is five three.  She makes most of her own clothes because she is so short waisted.  That dress would bunch on her.”  At least that was what Catherine thought she said.  She knew some of the Russian was wrong.  But she motioned to her own waist, so she had some hope the message had gotten through.
There was a long talk between Anya, the clerk, and the model.  At one point Catherine almost laughed.  She heard the word “pregnant.”  Yes, that might be one reason for a woman to be short waisted.  She listened, then said, “Empire waist.”  The words were English, but the concept was international.  The clerk and model instantly understood.  Five minutes later the girl was back with a black dress.  A once inch band was just under the bust.  Below was tulle that flared out to mid-thigh.  Above was a tight fitting sleeveless bodice.  Catherine could imagine Sara in the dress.  So could Anya.
“What size is she?”  Anya asked over her shoulder. 
“American size two.”
There was some additional discussion with the clerk, but the matter was largely settled.  Anya had found her gift.

When Catherine and Anya fought, they always waited until Lana was asleep.  Anya also waited until she had bound Catherine’s wrists.  That night she also bound her ankles.  Catherine let her.  As long as she wasn’t gagged, she could say what needed to be said.
“It is important that she come back to Russia.”
“Important to your country, or to you?”
“What about you?”  Anya rested on Catherine’s chest, her head in the usual position, her eyes staring straight down at Catherine.  It was her intimidation pose.  “She was in your bed too.”
“That was before you came back.  Before we were together again.”
“Excuses.  You wanted her.  You had her.”  Anya had slid her fingers up into Catherine’s hair, her palms on each of her cheeks.
“Yes, I had her.  And you had her.  Now let the mathematician have her.”
“We sent the mathematician last week.  She is making less progress than we want.”
“So, you wave a pretty dress and she comes running to you?”
“She might.”  But there was doubt in Anya’s eyes.
“And if she doesn’t come back?”
“The mathematician has copied her laptop and all her USB drives.  But Sara herself matters.  I have never met anyone who can make connections between so many things.  She is moving to New Mexico to study some culture that disappeared centuries ago.  New Mexico.  Who goes there?  Desert.  Just empty desert.”
“Give her time, Anya.  She is young.  She needs to see things and do things.  Maybe you’ll get her here in the fall.  By then she might be willing to sit still long enough to be a professor.”
Anya went from holding Catherine’s hair to stroking it.  Then she kissed her.
“You are a good wife.”
“Yes.  I am.  Now tell me again about my breasts.”
Anya smiled and pulled Catherine’s nightgown down from her shoulder.


Chapter 33
Christmas in January

Christmas came sometime in January.  Catherine had no calendar.  One day Anya said she would be home for Christmas, the next morning they were sitting near the heater, a cardboard Christmas tree resting against the wall.  Anya had brought presents and stacked them at the bottom of the “tree.”
Lana got new clothes.  Two cotton dresses that hung down to her ankles, and a new nightgown had a ribbon sewn into the collar.  She quickly put on each item, spinning in the middle of the room and doing a bit of a dance.  She liked the clothing, but she also liked having both her parents sitting and watching her and telling here how pretty she was.  She wasn’t.  Not actually.  Not yet.  Her hair was better.  Shinier and combed straight down her back.  But her face was still a bit pinched.  A bit puckered.  It was like she was always concentrating on something.  She had a good smile though, and that morning she wore it well.
She liked opening the gifts.  She pulled each one onto her lap and carefully picked at corners to get through the tape.  She pushed the papers to one side and Catherine folded and stacked them.  There were more gifts.  Three books, each wrapped individually, and three new movies.  All three movies featured princesses.  She hugged the cases.
Catherine got two gifts.  One was a piece of satin to be worn only in the bedroom.  The other was a new dress for the evening.  She immediately went to her bedroom and changed into it.  Pale yellow, satin, A-line skirt to her knees, a neckline designed to highlight her breasts.  She played with the bodice a bit.  Yes, her breasts were larger.  And they looked very attractive wrapped in yellow satin.  She walked back to Anya feeling very good about herself.
Catherine’s last minute gift to Anya was a dozen cookies frosted, then decorated with love notes.  Anya grinned as she ate the first two.
Their day together?  Outside for snow angels.  Three lined up and holding hands – Lana’s angel in the middle.  Inside to string popcorn and hang it from the tree.  Then the first of the princess movies, Lana sitting in Catherine’s lap, Anya putting an arm around both of them.  It was a good day.  And a very good night.
A week later it was General Orlov’s turn to bring presents.  Catherine watched from the window as he pulled a red plastic bag from his trunk.  Lana had just gone down for a nap.  At the sound of a car in the yard, she wrapped her blankets around her and backed up against the wall.
“Lana, it is my friend Sergei.  You are okay.”  
Lana stayed where she was but lowered the blanket that had been covering much of her face.
“Catherine, may I…”
Catherine opened the door before he could finish.
“Welcome Sergei.  Come in.”  
She kissed him on both cheeks and pointed to the couch.  She poured vodka while he took off his overcoat and tunic.  He looked over the back of the couch and made a slight wave at Lana.  She pulled her blanket higher.
“Father Christmas left some gifts for Lana.”  He spoke Russian and raised his voice so he was sure Lana heard.  Then in English, “I know she would be afraid to take them from me.  Please give them to her later.  Just movies and a dress.”
Catherine took the stack of gifts and placed them at the side of the couch where she was sure Lana could see them.
“Thank you, Sergei.”  That part in Russian, then in English, “I take it you want another report from me.”
“Yes, but first, two gifts for you.”  
He put two boxes on Catherine’s lap.  The first was about six inches square and contained chocolate and caviar.  The second was a garment box and contained a dress.  Catherine chose not to open it.  
“Men should not give clothing to women.  It implies things.”
“In this case it implies you are deep in the forest with no shops.  I bought Lana a dress.  I thought I should buy you one too.  The dresses, by the way, are intended to match.”
“Oh.”
Catherine hesitated, then took both dress boxes and led Lana back to her bedroom.  The dresses?  Snow White gowns.  Lana was ecstatic.  She had hers on in an instant, her back quickly turned expecting Catherine to do her buttons.  Catherine did the buttons, then pulled Lana’s hair back over the dress.  She was beautiful.  Huge smile.  Excited.  She rushed to a mirror and twirled in front of it.
Catherine’s dress was not an exact match, but it was close.  The same colors and dress style.  Puffed sleeves, floor length skirt.  It looked pretty close to the movie she remembered.
Out in the main room, Sergei had put the movie in the DVD player, then quickly skipped to the final scene – the waltz.  He turned up the volume and waited.  Catherine took Lana’s hand.  They took two steps out into the front room, then stood for inspection.  Sergei said nothing.  Instead, he opened his arms and moved as if dancing.  Catherine picked up Lana and Sergei wrapped his arms around both of them as he turned them in a waltz.  The steps got a bit mixed, but the turns were perfect.  More importantly, Lana squealed with delight at each turn.
Sergei reset the DVD three times.  Three times Lana tightened her arms around Catherine’s neck.  Three times she smiled at Sergei as they completed yet another circle.  Three times Sergei hugged both of them tight and kissed Catherine as the song ended.
It was Catherine who ended the dancing.  She pulled Sergei to the couch, the two of them sitting close, Lana mostly on Catherine’s lap, but also looking up at Sergei.  He smiled and kissed the top of her head.  She let him.
The movie recycled to the beginning.  Sergei turned the volume down and the three of them watched the little men.  Lana sang about going off to work.  She cringed when the witch appeared and cheered when Snow White was kissed and rescued.  Lana kissed her mother on her lips, and let Sergei kiss her on the forehead.
Catherine put Lana down for a nap, but let her keep the dress on under the covers.  She was soon asleep.
Sergei pulled Catherine into the bedroom.  Not a word was said.  They lay together on the bed, kissed soft and long, then undressed.  Catherine chose a satin nightgown from her dresser, and they slipped under the covers.  As she had at the Kremlin, Catherine used her hands to pull him into her, her way of declaring she was granting permission.
He was gentle.  He took his time.  Catherine was very pleased.  When they were done, they stayed locked together.  It was a while before they spoke.
“You did not force me.  I think you bribed me.  But I liked how you danced with me and Lana.”
“Maybe now we can be true friends.  And more than friends.”
“We have a past, Sergei.  Not a good one.  In the Kremlin you hurt me and humiliated me.”
“Yes, I was far too rough with you.  But you were a major in an army we may one day face.  You arrived with a woman who headed one of our most important departments.  You needed to be watched.  And you needed to learn your place.”
“Now my place is deep in a Russian forest.  And once a month I tell you secrets about Anya.”
“There are no secrets about Anya or from Anya.  She knows I come to see you, and I am sure you tell her what you tell me.”
“And what do you wish to know on this visit?”
“When will Sara arrive?”
“Anya does not know.  But she has been very successful in learning Sara’s secrets.  She sent a woman to stay with Sara.  The woman copied every file on Sara’s computer.”
“You are very loyal to your lover.  Yes, there was that success.”  He lay atop Catherine, his elbows on each side of her, holding her under him.  His expression changed.  A challenge.  “You are a good Russian housewife.”
“I am a good Russian housewife, and a good Russian mother.”  Catherine struggled to get out from under him.  He held her.
“Catherine, how long were you together with Sara in Wisconsin?”
“Several days.”
“And nights?”
“Yes, after you took my Vasily.”  She pulled against him, but he held her tight. 
“You talked with her.”
“Yes.”
“Catherine, do not make this an interrogation.  Just tell me what you talked about.”
“She had an old book.  News clippings from the 1890s in Wisconsin.  She said it demonstrated the effects of stress – bad crops, kids dying, financial worries.  People went crazy.”
“You will write out the name of the book for me.”
“No need.  You will remember it – Wisconsin Death Trip.”
“Thank you.”
“Now.  Are we done for this month?  We danced, we fucked, we talked.  I think we are done.”  Again she tried to move, and again he held her.
“No. We need a second conversation.”  
“Make the second conversation short.” 
“I hope we will be friends.  I want us to be lovers.  But there are some things you must know.”
“Get to the point.”
“You will never leave Russia.”
“I don’t plan to.”
Orlov ignored her, speaking over her reply.
“Last time you were here, people from your embassy came and took you.  There were negotiations, and I accepted the outcome.  This time there will be no negotiations.  You will stay here, a good Russian housewife and Russian mother.  You have heard many things, you know many things.  What you know can never leave Russia.”
“I am with my lover and my daughter.  I will never leave.”
“Listen carefully to what I am saying, Catherine.  You will never leave.”
“I get it.  If I try, one of Putin’s thugs will kill me.  I understand your country.”
“It is your country now.  Understand that.”
They had a bit of a staring contest.  A moment of intended drama.  Death in the air.  Catherine struggled again to get out from under Sergei.  This time he let her.  She pulled one of the old woolen dresses over her nightgown and went out to the front room.  She stood at the windows and waited for him to leave.
He was soon dressed and at the door. 
“Thank you for the dance.”  He pulled on his overcoat.
“Thank you for the dress.  And for Lana’s gifts.  The sex was good, but it will not happen again.  I am Anya’s wife.  If I am to live my life in Russia, I will live it with her.”
“I will visit again.”
“You will find the visit far less interesting.”
He drove off.  Catherine sat at the side of Lana’s bed and stroked her hair.  She was sleeping on her back, a duplicate of Snow White.  Still at an age when kisses always come from Prince Charming and always end with a waltz and happily ever after. 

Chapter 34
Divorce

It was late February.  Maybe early March.  Catherine wasn’t too sure.  The days were longer, but the nights were still cold.  Anya came home one night with a huge smile and a fat envelope.  She gave it to Catherine, but Catherine was in the middle of getting dinner on the table, so she just put the envelope on the kitchen counter and kept mashing potatoes.
Anya stood close behind her, kissing her neck, and then wrapping her arms around Catherine and cupping her breasts.  Catherine was wearing the dress Anya had given her at Christmas, and she knew she looked pretty good.  She pushed her backside into Anya as she mashed the potatoes, and felt Anya’s hands slip inside her dress.
“Anya, wait until Lana is in bed.”
“She should see how much I love you.”  Anya began pulling Catherine’s skirt up.  Catherine slapped her hand away, but Anya went right back to the skirt, her hand sliding up Catherine’s thigh.
“Stop it.”  Catherine turned and held Anya’s hands, but Anya quickly freed herself, bent Catherine back, and kissed her.  Lana laughed and clapped her little hands.
“Kiss Mommy again.”
Anya held Catherine, kissed her, then whispered in her ear.
“I have a big surprise for you.”
“Surprise me after dinner.”
The surprise came after dinner and after they had spent an hour on the couch with Lana on Catherine’s lap reading.  Catherine held the book for Lana, and Lana pointed to each word in the picture book and “read” it aloud.  It was one of the three original picture books, and she had heard Catherine read it so many times, she had it memorized.  But she pointed to the right words as she read the book.  And she read with some expression.
Catherine hugged her when she was finished, and kissed the top of her head.
“She’ll be ready for school in the fall.”
“Yes, she will.”  Anya patted Lana’s hand and complimented her reading.  What Anya did not say is how a girl living at the end of a forest road would be going to school.  A topic for another day.
Catherine spent some time getting Lana ready for bed, then got ready herself.  Her other Christmas gift had been the world’s smallest nightgown.  She struggled to fit into that, then sat on the edge of her bed.  Anya had already changed, and was standing with the envelope, waiting for Catherine to open it.
It only took a few minutes to read the contents.  It took longer to understand all that would flow from the pages in her hands.  Catherine worked her way through the pages a second time.  The first six were from a law office in Milwaukee.  Stapled to them were two sets of pictures.  All had been blown up to eight by eleven.  Enlarged.  No detail too small to see.  The first set showed Catherine.  Catherine in her new Christmas dress looking toward Anya, holding Lana, smiling at both.  In love.  Obviously.  Happy in her home.  Happy later making a snow angel, kneeling with Lana, playing in the snow.  Happy Catherine.  Lovely Catherine.  Catherine with Lana on her lap.  Later Catherine sitting on Anya’s lap, her arms around her neck.  
Catherine remembered Anya had her phone out for much of Christmas.  She had some memory of pictures being taken.  She was surprised there were so many.  But all the pictures said the same thing – Catherine had a home and a family.
The second set of pictures showed Vasily and his family.  Some were from a distance, but some were close ups.  The girls in their princess gowns at a party in the lodge.  Happy girls.  Beautiful girls.  It hurt Catherine to look.  But they were happy.  Dancing with their father.  Sitting with a middle aged woman.  Catherine recognized her.  A woman from Crivitz.  She had once asked Catherine for a job.  Apparently now she had one.
Lots of pictures followed by a two page divorce decree.  Signed.  Official.  Dated the first of March.  
Catherine looked up at Anya.
“I never asked for this.  I never signed…”
“We have people who are very good at signatures.  I wanted to save you from …”
Catherine punched her in the stomach.  Quick punch, her hand moving before Catherine gave it any thought.  She sat on the bed and threw the punch.
Anya punched back.  A solid punch from a standing position.  It caught Catherine mid-chest and stopped her breathing.  She pulled Catherine’s feet from the floor, threw them up onto the bed, and rolled Catherine face down.  She bound Catherine’s wrists, then her ankles.  Catherine didn’t resist.  Part of it was the blow to her chest, but mostly it was the blow from the papers.  She felt immobile.
Anya rolled her onto her back and gagged her.  Something new.  And very unpleasant.  Catherine struggle to breath.  The blow, the gag, and then Anya dropping all her weight onto her chest as she looked down into Catherine’s face, her hands grabbing fists full of hair on each side of Catherine’s face.  She held her head tight, stared down at her, and waited. She wanted to see something in Catherine’s eyes.  Tears.
“You never signed, but you agreed.  You wanted this.  You wanted this the first day we met in Amberg.  I was a woman attending a weekend workshop.  So you thought.  And you wanted me.  I had you on your back the first night.  I had you moaning.  And wanting.  You went with me to Germany and Moscow.  In Moscow you knew who I really was, and you stayed with me.  You married me.  You loved me then, and you love me now.  For all my flaws, you love me.”
Anya looked down into Catherine’s face and waited.  Catherine nodded.
“I gave you a daughter.”  Catherine nodded.
“We will raise her together.”  Catherine nodded.
“You will walk her to school in the morning and feed her cookies in the afternoon.”  Catherine nodded.
“You want that.  You want me.”  Catherine nodded.
“You had no reason to marry Vasily.  You could have just lived with him.  You had no reason to take him and his girls to Amberg.  They were fine in Russia.  But you took them.  And you left them.  You left to be with me.  Now what is he to do?  Is it wrong for him to find a woman to help raise his daughters?”  Catherine shook her head.
“Her name is Connie James.  Forty two.  Divorced.  Two sons.  Both moved to Green Bay and took factory jobs.  She was alone.  He was alone.  If they were to be together, the marriage to you had to end.  Papers had to be signed, filed, and processed.  It was important – to them.  It was a final gift from you.  Now he can go on with his life, just as you have gone on with yours.  He has her.  You have me.  You have me, Catherine.”
She pulled Catherine’s tiny nightgown down from her shoulders and put her mouth to Catherine’s breast.  She raised her head a moment and asked, “Do you want me Catherine?”  Catherine nodded several times and kept nodding as Anya put her mouth back on her breast and slid a hand between her legs.  Within minutes she brought Catherine to orgasm.
Anya kept her arms tight around Catherine all night, and made her wear the gag.  At dawn she looked down again into Catherine’s eyes.
“You hit me, Catherine.  That should never happen.  Not if you love me.  I want you to promise you will never do that again.”  
Catherine nodded.  Anya played a bit with her hair and kissed her cheek.
“As an apology you will wear the gag while you shower and dress.  You won’t take it off until you go into the kitchen to feed Lana.  You will wear it again tonight and every night until I see you are truly sorry.  Are you sorry?”
Catherine nodded.  When Anya untied her wrists and ankles, Catherine put her head on Anya’s shoulder.  She was sorry.  Before she took her shower, she gathered up all the divorce papers, put them back in the envelope and slipped them into her top bureau drawer, under Lana’s adoption papers, and under her Russian passport.  She would not look at them again.


Chapter 35
Gorky Park

The move to Gorky Park took place in April.  No warning.  Anya told them at breakfast.  They were moving to her apartment opposite the park.  An hour later two men arrived with a truck.  Everything that belonged to Lana went into the truck.  Anya and Catherine only took clothes.  Suitcases and boxes and several armloads they threw over the back seat of Anya’s car.
Catherine was pleased.  And confused.  She knew the apartment.  It was attractive and had a prime location in Moscow.  It would certainly be better than their cottage in the woods.  So, why had they spent the last six months in the woods?  Why not use the apartment?  She waited for some explanation from Anya.  None came.
Lana was frightened.  She sat on Catherine’s lap the entire trip, her face pressed against Catherine’s chest.  Catherine stroked her hair and told her how beautiful the apartment was, and how they would play in Gorky Park.  Lana looked out the window and kept a grip around Catherine’s neck.
Anya?  Anya left the forest behind without a word.  Moscow traffic can be intense.  Anya found her way from one ring road to another and drove into the heart of the city.  No visible tension.  Not even a few choice words for a driver who cut them off.   She drove as if she had gone to this apartment every day.  And Catherine wondered if she had.  Late evenings, overnight trips, had the real destination been the apartment?  A separate life.  Now she was willing to share?  Catherine stroked Lana’s hair and talked softly about this and that.
The apartment?  An old mansion subdivided by the Bolsheviks.  One house became eight apartments, all of them special.  Anya’s apartment was on the second floor and faced the park.  Detritus of the mansion gave the place some flare.  An old fireplace had been bricked over but still showed hardwood framing and brick accents.  Oak paneling in two rooms.  Cove molding along the ceiling.  Hardwood floors.  Huge windows.  One eighth of a mansion was still a mansion.
The apartment only had one bedroom, but it had a room off the kitchen that might have been for a servant, or maybe a pantry.  It seemed Lana-sized.  Her bed and bureau went in there.  Lana stood at a tiny window and looked down the block.  Somewhere down there was the school she would attend in the fall.
Catherine and Anya filled their bedroom bureaus and closet.  Catherine noticed once side of the closet was already filled with Anya’s uniforms.  She said nothing.
As soon as the moving men were gone, Anya left to buy groceries.  Catherine finished unpacking and then took a seat on Lana’s bed.  Lana was looking out the window, but quickly climbed on Catherine’s lap as soon Catherine was seated.
“Do you like your room?”
No answer.  Catherine stroked her hair, kissed the top of her head, kept her arms around the girl.  Shelter, support.  She tried to provide it.  The girl had lived in Moscow with a drugged up mother and a criminal father.  What had she seen?  Nothing that Catherine could do anything about.  She held Lana, rocked slowly, and eventually pulled one of her books from a pile on the floor.  Pretty pictures.  A princess on a pony.  Catherine read the book, letting Lana turn the pages.
Anya needed two trips to bring up all the groceries.  Catherine put everything away while Anya went back for yet another load.  Lana wandered the apartment briefly, then went back to her room.  They could hear her reading one of her books aloud.
“Lana seems nervous.”  Catherine was filling the refrigerator as Anya unloaded her shopping bags.
“The priests told me she had been born in Moscow, but they didn’t say what had happened to her here.”
“I’m guessing nothing good.”
“No.”
It took several more minutes to get everything put away.  The two women worked around one another getting things up onto the right shelves.  When they were done, Catherine decided she would ask.
“Anya, why are we here?”
“Lana needs to go to school in the fall.”
“Okay, then why did we spend six months hidden away in the forest?”
“It gave us time to get to know Lana, and each other.”  Anya said it as if it were obvious.  Six months in the forest was just something people did.
Catherine stood motionless.  Decision time.  She had two other theories for the forest months.  Voice them?  Wait?  Ignore them?  She chose to go with the theory that was actually less likely to start a fight.  The theory that was obvious.
“For six months I was deep in some forest, no car, no phone.  Completely dependent upon you.  You got to prove who was in charge.  No questions, no doubts.  You were in charge.  I would know it and feel it every single day.”
“Okay, true.”  Anya stepped closer to Catherine and took her head in her hands.  “You are my wife.  I lead, you follow.  I ask, you obey.  That is the marriage I want.  That is the marriage we have.”
“And…”
“And if I wish, you will return to that cottage.”  She pressed Catherine back against the kitchen counter, bent her head back, and kissed her.
Theory number one – confirmed.  But also obvious.  Anya wanted control, and Catherine had ceded control.  Maybe the first day she saw Anya.  She was certainly in control here.  Catherine made no objection.  The woman loved her and pleased her.  Catherine wanted that. 
But that led to theory number two – Sara.  Catherine had been parked far away in the forest so the apartment was free for Anya and Sara.  Sara was to come to Moscow and teach at one of the universities.  And if she shared Anya’s apartment?  Catherine would still be living in the woods.  Catherine was here because Sara wasn’t.  And if Sara ever showed up?  Not a good future to consider.  And not a possibility Catherine would discuss with Anya.  Theory two would remain secret.
It was Lana who ended the kitchen encounter.  She came out of her alcove and stared at the women.  Catherine was still being held by Anya, but she reached out a hand to Lana.
“Anya, should we show Lana Gorky Park?”
Anya agreed and there was a brief flurry of activity as they gathered coats and boots.  And, there was a set up that Catherine totally missed.
“It’s chilly today, Catherine.  You should wear your shawl.”
In fact, it was chilly.  April in Moscow.  Snow still on the ground.  Ice in places.  Longer days, but still winter temperatures.  So the shawl made same sense.  Catherine was wearing one of her day dresses – long and gray.  And the coat she had been given at Christmas – long and gray.  She had a heavy knit shawl – gray – that she wrapped around her shoulders.  Anya pulled it over her head.
“Now I look like a babushka.”
“Now you look warm.”
Anya wore her uniform, and led the way.  Lana took Catherine’s hand and followed her down the stairs, but the minute they got outdoors, she wanted to be picked up.  Catherine put her on her hip, then pulled the shawl around her.  Lana’s head instantly rested on Catherine’s chest.  Catherine kissed the top of her head and followed Anya toward the park.
The park was wet.  Slushy in spots, icy in others.  People were everywhere, tramping down the most recent snow, dodging around any ice on the walking paths.  Anya led, Catherine followed.
The river bank first.  There was a seating area built along the Moscow River, and a few people sat and watched the river flow past.  It took a big bend up close to the Kremlin.  Anya stopped, looked, and waited for Catherine.  They seemed an odd couple.  The army officer in full dress uniform, erect, head high, staring across the river as if she were planning some maneuver.  Then Catherine, huddled under a gray shawl, a small child on her hip, a step or two behind, glancing at the river, but mostly checking on Lana.  Catherine and Lana had a short conversation as Catherine named the river and pointed to some of the buildings across the river.  Lana’s head never left her chest.
Anya moved on.  Catherine was pretty sure she knew where she was going.  The old baseball diamond had gone through multiple reuses.  Whatever it was now, it was covered in several inches of heavy wet snow.  Good snow for snowmen, and several had been built.  The more creative types had turned wet snow into dragons and bears.  Anya stood along the path and pointed.
“Lana, my grandfather played baseball here.  He was one of thousands of Americans who came to the Soviet Union to work when the American economy was broken.”
“My mommy is American.”
Both women stared at her.  She said it with such clarity.  A fact.
“I am your mommy too.”  Anya took a step closer to Lana.  Lana shook her head.
“Daddy.”
Anya looked to Catherine, waiting for her clarification.  Catherine just shook her head.
“You dress like a man.  You treat me like a man.  She sees you as a man.”
Anya turned on her heel and continued walking along the path.  She stopped several yards ahead.
“Do you see me as a man?”
“Yes.  In some ways.”
“And…”
“Always with men, somethings are good, somethings are not.”  Catherine pulled Lana higher on her hip, and kept walking.  Anya followed behind for several steps, then moved ahead of them.
“I am a woman.”  She kept a pace faster than Catherine, and soon was some distance ahead.
Catherine made no effort to catch up.  She liked having Lana on her hip.  She liked having the girl wrapped tight under her shawl.  She liked walking on her own through the park.  She promised herself she and Lana would take such walks every day while Anya was at work.  Yes, she briefly cringed when she saw a pair of policemen, but they paid no attention to her.  She was a babushka now.  She would be ignored.
She stopped when she got to the large ponds.  While river ice had broken up, the pond was still ice covered, and dozens of skaters made their way around.  Mostly women and girls.  Several seemed quite talented.  One girl not much older than Lana floated past, gave Catherine and Lana a quick smile, then did a spin turn into a reverse.  Once flowing backwards, she raised one leg and bent low, her arms outstretched.  It was a beautiful move, and Catherine could feel Lana move to watch the girl slowly slide out of sight.
“Next winter, would you like to…”  Catherine couldn’t think of the Russian for ice skating.  As Anya came back for them, Catherine called out, “What is the Russian for ice skating?”
“Katatsya na konkakh.”
“Yes, I want ice skate.”  English.  Lana made the request in English.
“You speak English?”  Catherine looked down at her.
“My mommy is American.  I speak English.”
Catherine pulled Lana higher on her hip and kissed the top of her head, and replied in Russian.
“You are very smart.  But I am a Russian woman now.  We are in Russia.  We should speak Russian.”
Lana looked up at Catherine.  There was disbelief in her face.  And obstinacy.  The shy little girl held the look for just a moment, and then buried here face in Catherine’s chest.  Catherine kissed the top of her head again, then looked at Anya.
“She hears us speaking English.”
“We need to stop.”
“Yes.”  That conversation, and all others later were in Russian.
One last incident as they finished their walk through the park.  Anya encountered a couple she knew from work.  Big smiles.  Cheek kisses.  And an introduction.
“I told you I had adopted.  This is my daughter Lana, and her nanny.  Lana was just telling me how she wants to take up ice skating next winter.”  
Lots more was said, then there was a repeat of cheek kisses and hugs, and the couple went one way, Anya and Catherine went another.  Not a word was said on the walk back to the apartment, and nothing was said there either.  Catherine followed Lana into her room and helped her out of her coat.  Then she took Lana into the kitchen and made a peanut butter sandwich for her.  She sat with Lana, and looked across the table at her.  Her daughter.  Lana was hers.  Anya could say what she needed to say to people at work, but Lana was hers.
Catherine spent the rest of the day in Lana’s room helping her unpack her books and movies.  She set up the DVD player and monitor, and they sat together watching a movie.  They sat together.  Later, Catherine made soup for the two of them, read two stories, and put Lana to bed.
Anya?  She sat in the living room and played with her phone.  Catherine ignored her and went to bed.

Chapter 36
General Orlov

Forgiveness took time.  And bribes.  Anya came home with two new dresses for Catherine.  Both long sleeves and long skirts, but not babushka long.  And Anya made dinner twice the next week.  And of course she apologized.  And she explained.  Her reasoning was obvious.  Same sex marriage was illegal.  And even if not, soldiers in her unit would be upset if they knew how she slept.  So the secret had to be kept.  All of which Catherine knew and understood.  Still.  She felt diminished.  And, she repeated dozens of times when the two were alone – “I am your wife and Lana’s mother.  Say what you need to say, but don’t forget who I am.”
Eventually things settled out.  April became May, the apartment felt more like home, and Anya, well Anya was a marvelous lover.  Catherine might be angry, but she looked forward to their nights together.
Days took on their own routine.  Catherine made breakfast and sent Anya off with a kiss.  Then she and Lana dressed and went to the park.  Mornings were chilly, but the sun was out and gradually the last of the snow melted and the walkways dried out.  
There were three places Lana seemed drawn to - the river, the pond, and a small play area.  While Lana now walked most of the way from the apartment to the park, she always raised her hands, signaling to be carried when they got near the river.  Catherine took an end of her shawl in one hand, and used that arm to raise Lana up onto her hip and then wrap both of them in the shawl.  She pulled the cloth tight, and Lana clung tight.  There was something across the river she wished to see, but only from the protection of her mother’s arms.
At the pond, sometimes she wished to be held, and sometimes she stood.  A few small scraps of ice still floated out near the middle of the pond.  Ice skating has long since stopped.  Catherine wasn’t sure what Lana was seeing out on the pond, but she always wanted to stop and look.
The playground was small.  Clearly designed for younger children, it had a slide so low mothers could reach up to the top to secure – and reassure – children before they slid to the ground.  Swings had security straps to keep kids from falling.  The jungle gym barely reached five feet.  
Lana had her sequence.  Swings first.  Catherine raised her up into a seat, and then pushed while Lana smiled and looked back over her shoulder.  Mama’s girl.  Catherine would stand and push all morning as long as she saw that smile.  But then Lana would want down.  Time for the slide.  Three times down the slide, and she would go climb the gym.
There were usually two of three other kids on the gym.  Small, shy, they would stay on one side, she would stay on another.  It took weeks for one of the kids to say “hi.”  Even after that, the kids played in the same general area, but each played alone.
Catherine shared a bench and watched.  Other mothers watched as well.  They talked.  Always about the children.  Their ages, when they would be going off to school, some interesting habit they had, or something cute they said.  Nothing about themselves.  But they inspected each other.  Clothes, hair.  Catherine was by the far the oldest.  Her skirts were the longest, and she wore a shawl where the others did not.  She wondered if they thought her Lana’s grandmother or nanny.  She never said, and they never asked.  And while she was the only one with a shawl, she was the only one who could sweep up her girl and pull her tight within the shelter of a shawl.  Catherine made sure to do that every morning as she left the playground, Lana tight in her arms, the other women watching, and maybe wishing.
Near the middle of May they found General Orlov parked at their apartment, waiting for them.  Lana instantly raised her arms to be carried, and then stared out at Orlov the minute she was safe within the shawl.
“Good morning Sergei.”  Catherine walked to his car and kissed his cheeks.  
“Good morning, Catherine.  And lovely Lana.”  He made a small wave towards Lana.  She didn’t respond, but she also didn’t hide against her mother.  She simply looked at him.
“You are coming in?”  Catherine wasn’t sure how else to phrase the question.  He would come in if he wished, whether she invited him in or not.  So, she just asked his intentions.
“Yes, I have a gift for Lana’s school registration.”  He reached into the car and pulled out a garment box.
“I have told you, it is inappropriate for a man to give clothes to someone else’s wife.”
“I think you will like this.  It is for you, and for Lana.  Shall we go inside?”
Catherine led the way into the building and up the stairs.  Orlov was a step behind.  She wondered if he was watching her as she climbed.  She was wearing the forest green dress Anya had given her for Christmas.  Long, but tailored at the waist so her figure showed.  Her ass mostly.  Too warm for a coat, there was the dress, Lana on her hip, a shawl around both of them.  Men.  He was watching her ass as she climbed the stairs.  She was sure of it.
Once inside the apartment, she set Lana down, expecting her to run off to her room.  Instead, she retreated to the kitchen and stood looking back into the living room.  Back at Orlov.
“Vodka?”
“Yes, please.”
Catherine threw her shawl over a chair and found glasses and vodka in the kitchen.  While she poured, Orlov removed his cap and his tunic.  He loosened his tie and took a seat on the couch.
“This is a very pleasant apartment.”
“Yes.”  Catherine sat at the other end of the couch, gave him his vodka, and drank a bit when he did.  He drank a bit more, and she matched him.  “Is our conversation this morning going to require that I be drunk?”
“We have some things to discuss, but first, your gift.”  He put the garment box on Catherine’s lap.
“As I said…”
“Open it please.”
Catherine set down her vodka and slid the ribbons off the box.  Inside was a yellow dress.  Sunshine on fabric.  She raised the dress and discovered that there were two matching dresses, one for Lana and one for her.  Cotton, trimmed with strips of red ribbon around the neck line, just below the bust, and just above the hem of the skirt.
“I was thinking it might be something you and Lana could wear when you register her next week.  A mother and daughter dress.  I hear they are popular.”
Catherine looked over her shoulder.  Lana had seen the dress when Catherine had raised it.  Now she had taken several steps into the living room.
“I think she will like it.”  Catherine folded the dress back into the box.
“Would she be willing to try it on, so I can see it?”
Catherine looked over her should again.  Lana had walked farther into the room.  Her interest was obvious.  Catherine took the box, took Lana’s hand, and led her back into Catherine’s bedroom.  Lana was almost instantly out of her dark blue play dress.  She climbed into her new school dress and waited patiently for Catherine to do her buttons.  There was a mirror in the bedroom, and Lana spun around in front of it.  Big smile, flared skirt.  Lana turned, admiring herself.  Catherine wasn’t sure she had seen that from her before.
“You too, Mommy.”  She pointed to the box.
Catherine wasn’t sure if she was pleasing Lana, or Orlov, or herself.  It was a very attractive dress.  Off came the long green dress, up came the bright yellow dress.  The skirt came just below her knees.  The square neckline was modest, but not overly so.  The bodice was close around her chest and waist.  The skirt flowed out from her hips.  She felt like maybe she could take a few turns in front of the mirror.  Instead, she took a comb to Lana’s hair and then her own, then took Lana’s hand and returned to the living room.
“Thank you for wearing them.  I was hoping you would like them.  You are both beautiful, by the way.”
They stood for Orlov to watch, then Catherine took his glass and got them each more vodka.  She was certain he watched every step she took as she walked to the kitchen.  She knew her skirt was sliding across her ass.  Men.  They would watch.
Catherine returned with the vodka, arranged her skirts, and took her place on the couch.  Lana immediately climbed up on her lap.  Catherine hadn’t expected that, and almost spilled her drink.  But she wrapped her free arm around Lana and pulled her tight.
“Thank you for the dresses.  You are right.  They will look good when we register Lana next week.”
“You are welcome.”
“Now, we are pretty and half drunk.  Why are you here, Sergei?”  Catherine finished her vodka and set the glass aside.  Now both of her arms hugged Lana to her.
“I wanted to see this apartment.  I want to make sure Anya is taking good care of you.”
“The apartment is perfect.  I am sure you already know that.  And Anya is the perfect lover.”
“And after she makes perfect love to you, are there conversations you wish to tell me about?”
“Sergei…”  Catherine hesitated and looked down at Lana.  “I should tell you that Lana speaks some English.”  Catherine kissed the top of her head, and hugged her a bit tighter.
“I am not surprised.  She is a bright girl, and children pick up languages with ease.  I am proud of you, Lana.”  He moved a bit closer to Lana and smiled.  Catherine couldn’t be sure, but it looked like Lana briefly smiled back.
“As for Anya,” Catherine watched the interaction between Orlov and Lana.  Lana’s fear was gone.  She wasn’t sure she liked that.  “I don’t think she would mind me telling you about the St. Petersburg unit.  She seems to be taking the train up there every day.  She leaves early, and gets home late.  Some nights she doesn’t get home at all.  Don’t you have a competent manager for that unit?  Why should Anya have to be fixing things there?”
“Maybe she is fixing things, maybe she has other reasons to be there.”
“This is where you want me to be jealous?  You hint maybe she is seeing someone?”
“Maybe she is seeing someone, but it is not the person you fear.  Sara has not returned.”
“I told you that.  Anya told me months ago.  Sara is in New Mexico doing research.”
Orlov smiled at Catherine before continuing.  
“We have checked.  She is currently interviewing Hopi story tellers and artists in Taos.  History again.  Interesting to her.  So far now use to us.  And she no longer communicates with the mathematician who caught her attention in December.  I think we may have lost Sara.”
“I am sorry.”
“Catherine, if there is one certainty in the world, it is that you are not sorry.  Sara was your biggest competitor.  The woman most likely to pull Anya from you.”
“That is none of your business.”
“I don’t want to see you hurt, Catherine.”
“Thank you.  Do you want anything else?”
“I think we are done for today.”  
He stood, tightened his tie, and pulled on his tunic.  Catherine rose and walked him to the door.  He paused there.  She put her hands on his shoulders and kissed him on both cheeks, as expected.  He put one hand at the small of her back.  He did not try to pull her to him.  She would have resisted.  But he kept his hand there, positioned as if they were dancing.  His other hand went to her face, fingers in her hair, palm to her cheek.
“Thank you for the dress, Sergei, but don’t get any ideas.  You’ve had me twice now.  I think that’s enough.”
“I wish to be your friend.”
“I’m not stupid.  I know I need friends.  But there are limits, Sergei.”
Catherine kissed him on the lips.  His arms pulled her tighter.  They took the positions they had taken at Christmas, her arms around his neck, his arms around her back and under her ass.  He even lifted her as he had then.  But it went no farther.  A long, soft kiss.  It occurred to Catherine that Sergei’s face was shaped much like Vasily’s.  Mostly.  And the same haircut.  She looked, he held her.  And then he let her go.
“Thank you for the vodka, Catherine.  It was good to see you again.  You are doing marvelously with Lana.”  He put on his cap and left.
Catherine stood at the door and watched him descend the stairs.  She could feel where he had placed his hands, and she could feel his kiss on her mouth.  The surprise to her was how little she objected.


Chapter 37
Lana’s School

Catherine and Anya had two fights that night.  The result turned out to be a split decision.  First fight?  St. Petersburg.  Why was Anya going up almost daily, and why was she spending some nights there?  Orlov had hinted that she was seeing someone.
“I wouldn’t have to go up there at all, if he would just do his fucking job.  We have the worst HR process on the planet.  I want psychologists.  They hire IT people.  And all of them are bad at their jobs.  Nobody competent.  I need trend analyses.  I need data points.  They have databases they claim appear and disappear.  How does a database disappear?  Who is doing backups?”
There was some shouting and swearing to follow, but Anya saw Lana looking frightened.  She stopped instantly.
But that led to the second fight.  Anya knelt down by Lana to reassure her.
“Sergei bought us both a pretty dress.”  Lana had insisted on keeping her new dress on.  She wanted her Daddy to see it.  She was very proud of herself.
“Both?”  Catherine had the sense to take her dress off and wear the green Christmas dress again.  Anya now stared at her, waiting for an answer.
“He gave us matching dresses for when we register Lana for school.  She thought we would look good walking into the school that way.”
“Matching dresses?”
“Yes, mine looks the same.  Would you like to see?”
“No.”  Anya stared at Catherine.  Her intimidation stare.  “How do you think that will look?  You and Lana dressed the same.  Mother and daughter.  And me?  Do I wear a different colored dress?  My uniform?  What am I – your girlfriend?  Your roommate?  Obviously I am not Lana’s mother.”
“You are her guardian.  In your uniform.  You are the second parent.  The one who sets the rules, disciplines when needed, and protects.”
“And you get to be the mother who sooths, who supports, who kisses every booboo, who wipes every tear.”
“Anya, isn’t that what you wanted?  You are gone all day.  You are gone two or three nights every week.  You are gone.  I am here.  That’s just how things work out.”
“Let me see the dress.”
Catherine hurried into the bedroom and quickly changed.  Anya stood in the doorway and watched.  
“See?  Just like Lana’s.”
“You look ten years younger.”
Catherine kept the dress on while she served dinner.  Anya stared glumly but said nothing when Lana climbed onto Catherine’s lap after dinner and they watched a video huddled together on Lana’s bed.  Anya stood in the doorway and watched for a while, then moved to the living room and played with her phone.
Later, she was rough with Catherine in bed.  Bound and gagged.  She teased Catherine, always touching her only to stop.  Catherine lay beneath her, gasping for breath, but knowing Anya had lost.  There had been no competition between them for Lana’s love and attention.  There had been no battle.  Anya had lost all on her own.  She had lost time to cuddle, time to feel small hands on her face, time for kisses, time to feel her warmth wrapped tight in a heavy shawl.  Catherine was sorry for Anya.  Sorry for the love she had lost.  She lay under a woman who would never be called “Mommy.”  
Catherine even shed a few tears for Anya.  Anya, worried that she was hurting her, took off the gag, wrapped her arms around her, and held Catherine tight.  Catherine was a love she would know.  A love she would keep – if Sara stayed in New Mexico.
Their registration day was the last week in May.  The regular school year ended.  The school emptied and readied to take in a new cluster of children.
Their appointment time was ten thirty.
Catherine had walked Lana to the school every day for the past week.  It was about seven blocks.  Ugly two story box built for utility.  Flat roof, narrow windows.  The red in the brick walls saved it form appearing a bunker.  But there were children and parents going in an out.  And a small playground.  Lana had wanted to be held the first times they visited, but by the end of the week she was willing to stand on her own and watch the other children.  They would stand near the playground for ten or fifteen minutes, then Catherine would take Lana’s hand and walk home.
May was warm.  Daylight lasted forever.  A very different season.  As they walked to and from school, Catherine studied how the other women were dressed for summer.  A few jeans, but mostly skirts.  Basic A-line at or just below the knee.  Catherine’s skirts were a little longer.  Not babushka long, but a couple inches below the knee.  She decided that would be okay.  She was older than most of the women she saw near the school.  Slightly longer skirts would seem right.  At least she saw no women staring at her.  She didn’t have a very large wardrobe, but she would feel comfortable with what she had.
On the morning of their registration, Anya opted for full dress uniform.  She seemed to have additional campaign ribbons on her chest.  Her epaulettes showed she had moved to full colonel.  She stood straight, head high.  
Lana and Catherine wore their matching yellow dresses.  It was a warm sunny day.  Their dresses were perfect.  Lana did a lot of dancing in the living room, and Catherine felt like joining her.  Lana held Catherine’s hand all the way to the school, but rather than walk, she skipped, or hopped.  She seemed very pleased with herself.
She quickly settled down when they got to the school.  Suddenly she walked.  Slowly.  Anya came to her side and took her other hand.  They crossed the grounds three a breast, but at the doors Lana wanted to be picked up.  Catherine put her on her hip as they pushed through the doors and went into the administrative offices.
Anya took over the minute they were inside.  She identified herself to a receptionist, and then led the way to the principal’s office.  Middle aged woman, already some gray hair, gray business suit, a smile of welcome and an outstretched hand to Anya, then Catherine, then Lana.  Lana shook quickly, then buried her head in Catherine’s chest.
There were papers to be checked.  Once they were seated, Anya passed two passports and the adoption papers across the desk.  She also gave their address and her cell number as the woman filled out a form.  Paperwork.  Just a few minutes, but Catherine could see the woman getting quick looks at Lana as she filled blanks on the forms.  Lana was sitting on Catherine’s lap, leaning back as Catherine hugged her.
“Birth date?”  The woman looked up at Anya.
“August 9th.”
“She will be one of the youngest ones in her class.  Others will have been born as early as last September.  Nearly a full year older.  And she appears shy.  Have you thought about waiting a year?”
“She can read.”  Catherine almost shouted.  “And she speaks both Russian and English.”
“That is very impressive.”  The woman’s smile seemed genuine.  “May I see her read?”  She handed a picture book to Catherine.
“This is one we have.”  Catherine positioned Lana on her lap, held the book, and let Lana turn the pages.
“Once upon a time there was a young girl.”  Lana pointed at each word as she read.  Her voice was tiny, but she seemed comfortable enough.  This was a book she knew and loved.
“The girl loved daisies.  She loved all flowers, but she loved daisies the most.”  Lana continued pointing to each word, then finished and turned the page.
“One day she wandered away from home to look for daisies.” 
“Very good.  You are a very good reader, Lana.”  She took the book back and gave Catherine a list of words.  “Could you ask Lana to read the words on this list?”
Catherine held the paper in her hands while Lana pointed to word after word.  She got about half, and a few more with some help from Catherine making the initial sound of the word.
“I am going to give you some work books, and recommend some other picture books for her to read, but I think she is prepared academically.  I do have some fears about her shyness.  I suggest you try to join a playgroup of some sort.”  
Big smile, another round of handshakes, a folder full of work sheets, and the interview was over.  Lana walked out holding Catherine’s hand.  Anya reached for the other hand once they were outside.  Lana let her take it.  Three happy people out walking on an early summer day.
Anya was good about it.  She waited until Lana was in bed that evening to tell Catherine just how unhappy she really was.
“It went almost exactly as I predicted.  Mother, daughter.  Matching dresses.  She’s on your lap, she reads books you read with her.  Off to one side is this person in a colonel’s uniform.  She’s my daughter too, Catherine.
“You did the official stuff.  You handled the passports.  You did what uniforms do.  You want to feel like a mother, start by wearing dresses.  Let Lana see you as a woman.”
“I’m proud of my uniform.  I have earned every rank.  I command over three hundred soldiers and specialists.  My unit is one of the most important in Russia.  And, I command you.”
“You would still commend me if you wore a dress.”
“Would I?”
It was a rough night for Catherine.  Bound, gagged, Anya took control.  Catherine lay still and let Anya do as she wished.  But she worried about Anya.  Unhappy at home, unhappy at work.  She loved Anya, but could think of no way to help.  So she lay still and let Anya have her way.


Chapter 38
Summer Parties

Anya responded with Thursday night gatherings.  Catherine had seen a bit of the social scene the last time she had lived with Anya.  Saturday nights were for couples.  Friday nights were often work gatherings.  Thursdays men gathered to drink and watch soccer.  With the men gone, women spent Thursdays with other women.  Maybe bridge, maybe dancing at clubs, maybe private gatherings.  Anya had female friends.  She began inviting them in June.
Catherine spent that first Thursday cooking.  She and Lana did take a morning walk, and she had Lana spend more time at the playground.  No emerging friendships yet, but there did seem to be a growing cluster at the top of the jungle gym.  Lana seemed more comfortable sitting there.  For a shy girl, that seemed like progress.  Catherine spent more time talking to the other mothers.  Maybe a playdate would result.
Back at the apartment, Catherine left Lana to her books and videos, and filled the kitchen with baked goods.  Anya had invited twenty women.  They wouldn’t arrive until after nine when any kids were in bed, so Catherine didn’t need to serve dinner, but she did need to provide snacks for a long evening.
That first Thursday Anya was very pleased with herself.  She had invited some important women, and all had promised to attend.  She had her uniform off the minute Lana was in bed, and was all over Catherine.
“Come here so I can do your makeup.  You never use enough.”
She had a rope from somewhere and wrapped it around herself, then wrapped it around Catherine’s waist, pulled her tight against herself, and then tied a knot.  Their hips were locked together, their faces inches apart.
“You can do so much more with your eyes.”  
They were standing above a forest of makeup bottles and jars.  Anya spent half an hour using a dark shadow, eyeliner that stretched out past the eye in a dramatic sweep, then false eye lashes.  Catherine glanced in a mirror and wasn’t sure she recognized herself.  Cheekbones were next to be accented, then a brighter shade of lipstick than Catherine had ever used.  Anya smiled and kissed Catherine when she was done.
“Do you want me to do you?”  Catherine asked.
“No, I want you to stand here, hold this mirror, and keep my hips warm.”
Anya gave herself almost the same eyes, a bit more color in her cheeks, and a warmer shade of lipstick.  She waited until Catherine told her how beautiful she now looked.
“I can be a woman, Catherine, and tonight you will see how much a woman can accomplish.  There is one woman coming who can make anything happen.”
She kept the two of them tied together, played a bit with Catherine’s breasts, and then released her so they could get dressed.  Both went with satin skirts that stopped mid-thigh and necklines that showed bulging breasts.  The colors differed, but the message was the same – here are two women ready to play.  
And then they waited.  Nine o’clock came and went.  Nine thirty.  Catherine checked on the snacks.  Cheese was beginning to curl at the corners.  
Just before ten, three women arrived.  Drunk.  Very obviously drunk.  They had already been to one party, and expected to do another in a while.  They chose vodka over white wine, and were instantly all over both Catherine and Anya.  One of the women pushed Catherine into a chair, sat on her, told her, “You look interesting,” and pulled Catherine’s dress down off her shoulder.  Serious fondling went on from there.
Other women arrived over the next hour.  Eight or ten.  All went straight to the vodka.  Anya had some music playing, and the general response was to dance with vodka in one hand, and another woman in the other.  Catherine was buried under the first woman who was replaced by a second and then a third.  Her dress came down every time.  She looked at Anya to see what response was expected.  Anya smiled.  So, the dress came down again.
The important woman arrived after eleven.  Obviously the woman Anya had been waiting for.  The greeting at the door was effusive, the kiss long, the dancing short.  Anya led her into the bedroom and stayed there.
A moment came when Catherine could get up from under drunk women with busy hands.  Her time to check on the snacks.  She found a mess of glasses and spilled vodka on her table.  And a large woman working her way through a snack track.
“I was at your marriage.  Do you remember me?”
She had three small pastries in her hand.  When Catherine slid around her to try to refill the tray, the woman backed her against a wall, her belly seeming to take shape around Catherine, like a marshmallow pressed against a stick.
“Of course.”
Catherine had no memory of the woman.  To her, the marriage reception had been one hour of dressing, followed by ten minutes of promises, followed by her serving snacks and drinks for the next three hours, while limping around with an ankle monitor cutting into her flesh.  Maybe the woman hadn’t been as heavy then.  But Catherine was still unlikely to recall her. 
“You were a beautiful bride, but I like you this way too.  A bit wild.  Certainly sexy.  People said you were too old for Anya, but look at you.  I bet you keep her happy.”
“I try.”  Catherine looked for a way to slide back around the woman, but she was pressing even closer.  Her belly was wrapped around Catherine, and now her breasts ballooned around Catherine’s chest.  She leaned her face closer to Catherine’s ear.
“Anya will be fine.  Ignore what you are hearing.  She has lots of friends in lots of places.”
Since she already had her face next to Catherine’s she kissed her.  And held the kiss.  And apparently she found a place to drop her pastries, because she moved both hands to Catherine’s ass.
“Is there a second bedroom?”  She was lifting Catherine’s ass and almost had her feet off the floor.  She was also pressing her back against the wall.  Catherine hoped the wall was solid.
“No.”
“Well, we can wait until the others leave and use the couch.”
Catherine doubted there was sufficient room on the couch.  As it turned out, the woman lost interest a while later and went off with a two women who had been at the party less than an hour.  Others left soon after.  The party was over.  It was barely midnight.
One woman stayed.  Thin, older.  Seemed less drunk than the others.  When the others were all gone, she pointed to the couch.
“Bottom or top?”
“Bottom.”
Catherine got comfortable on the couch, and then the woman carefully lay on top of her.
“I’m a bit bony.  Let me know if I jab you.”  She kissed Catherine, played a bit with her hair, then pulled up her skirt.  Catherine did the same.  They both got very hot, then slept in each other’s arms.


Chapter 39
Rumors

Catherine still had a woman asleep on her chest as she watched Anya’s guest leave.  Anya was wearing a very short night gown and followed the woman to the door.  There was a staccato kiss and a tight smile.  Catherine had seen enough endings to know one when she saw one.  Anya had swung and missed.  But swung for what?
Anya returned to her room.  Catherine stayed on the couch, her arms around the woman.  They were still together in the morning.  Anya went off without breakfast.  The woman woke enough to nuzzle Catherine and say some pretty nice things.  She was still whispering to Catherine when Lana wandered in. 
“This is Lana, my daughter.”
The woman stayed on Catherine’s chest, but turned her head to look. 
“Hi.  I’m Anastasia Allash.  I am a new friend of your mother’s.  We were just talking about what to make for breakfast.  What would you like?”
“We usually have oatmeal, but I love waffles.”
“Waffles!  I have a secret recipe for waffles.  Give your mother and me a little more time to talk, and I will make some for you.”
Lana smiled and ran off.
“The woman in Anya’s room was Natalia Dudinskaya.”  The woman propped herself up on her elbows and looked down into Catherine’s face.  “By the way, you are irresistible in false eyelashes.  You look a bit like a doe.  I would have waited another hour for a chance at you.  I hope I gave as good as I got.”
“You didn’t jab me once, and yes, you gave me plenty.”  Catherine reached down and massaged her ass, just to be sure she knew she was appreciated.
“Natalia has a husband who thinks he is something, and she comes from a family that thinks it’s something.  She always goes to the head of the line in any bedroom.”
“I watched her leave.  She didn’t look enraptured.”
“She may have had a great time.  She may even like Anya.  But she won’t show it.  So don’t worry.  She may still be of help.”
“Why does Anya need help?”
“Mystery of the month.  Nobody seems to know what she did, but she did something.”
“Can I help?”
“Catherine, my love, you need to help yourself and your daughter.  Make some friends.  I will be one.  You will need others.”  She lowered her head and kissed Catherine.  “I am definitely a friend.  Now, let’s go feed your daughter.”
It took the women a few minutes to get their clothes in reasonable order.  Then they joined Lana in the kitchen.  It turned out Anastasia really did have a secret recipe for waffles.  The three of them sat around that tiny table and ate waffles until they nearly burst.
As Anastasia finally left, she and Catherine had a final whispered conversation at the door.
“I’m fifty eight, Catherine.  Old, alone, bony.  Find someone.  Man, woman, it doesn’t matter.  Someone you can talk with.  Someone to hold at night.  Now.  This is where you tell me you don’t find me too old or too bony, and you would like me to visit some afternoon.  Maybe right after lunch when Lana is taking her nap.”
Catherine laughed, and then kissed her.
“You are not too old or too bony, and I am home every afternoon.  I would love to see you again.”
A final kiss, and the woman was off, moving pretty well for a woman deep into her fifties.
Lana had questions on their morning walk.  Catherine had answers.
“The party lasted until very late.  And our guests had too much to drink.  They couldn’t drive.  So, some went to a house nearby, one slept with the bedroom with Anya, and one fell asleep with me on the couch.  Did you like her waffles?”
It was enough explanation to satisfy Lana.  But it didn’t really satisfy Catherine.  As she and Lana took their morning walk, Catherine chewed on the events of the night before.
Anya had a problem.  Start with the party.  Twenty invited, maybe twelve or fourteen actually appeared.  And, everyone came late and left early.  When Catherine and Anya had their wedding reception, they had done it at the spur of the moment, but an hour on the phone had brought forty or fifty people who were excited to be at the reception and didn’t leave until Anya was dead on her feet.  The contrast was stark.  Obviously, Anya had lost some of her star appeal.
And the rumors.  Everybody seemed to know something was going on.  Something bad for Anya.  What was it?  They either didn’t know, or wouldn’t say.  The only certainty was silence from Anya.  Lots of trips to St Petersburg, lots of overnights, no explanation other than “work.”
Catherine picked up Lana and carried her on her hip.  Lana hadn’t asked.  Catherine didn’t care.  She wanted Lana in her arms.  She held her as they looked across the river, she held her as they stood near the pond and looked at the newly green trees reflected on the still water, and she even held her at the playground.  Catherine sat on a bench, Lana on her lap, both Catherine’s arms wrapped tightly around her.
It was Lana who brought Catherine back to the present.  She twisted in her mother’s arms, looked up and said, “Swing me, please.”
That brought Catherine to the morning routine.  Swings, slide, jungle gym.  A seat on a bench with two other mothers.  The morning’s conversation – registration for school.  New clothes.  Haircuts.  September first coming fast.  It was a good conversation for Catherine to have.  Whatever was going on with Anya, there was also plenty going on with Lana – things that needed her attention.  Her birthday was coming up.  The first day of school.  But as she thought of both events, she wondered if Anya would be there to share in either.


Chapter 40
The Last Party

July was to have two more Thursday parties, but it only had one – the final Thursday of the month.  And it took a very different form.  It started with a very different Anya.  She was gone more and more.  Home only one or two nights a week.  Home late, off again before dawn.  But that Thursday she was home for dinner.  She even stood in the kitchen with Catherine and helped stir in grated cheese for mac and cheese.  Catherine had gotten used to cooking for two, so she hadn’t planned a big meal for Anya.  Anya seemed not to mind.  She stirred, she talked, she smiled over her shoulder at Lana.
At dinner, they had white wine, not vodka.  And after dinner Anya read two books to Lana, each of them reading alternate pages, Anya making a serious effort at catching the vocal mannerisms of each character.  Reading over, she hugged Lana long and hard before going off to change.
Catherine had already put on her satin party dress and done her hair and makeup.  She was with Lana getting her ready for bed while Anya changed.  “Changed” didn’t give the new look justice.  
Anya was a different woman.  Her makeup and hair were perfect, but inconsequential.  It was the dress that mattered.  No satin club dress for her.  She wore a floor length tulle gown with embroidered highlights.  Off the shoulder.  Baby blue.  A string of pearls gracing her neck.  Long white gloves rising halfway up her arms.  White sandals with four inch stiletto heels.  The look was stunning.  A level of elegance Catherine had never seen, and never expected to see on Anya.
Catherine had been sitting on the side of Lana’s bed.  She rose, but could think of nothing to say.  Lana said it for her – “Mommy is beautiful.”  
“Thank you.”  Anya gave a slight curtsey to her daughter.  The move had grace and beauty.
“Should I change, Anya?”  Catherine was suddenly uncertain about her dress for the evening, the low neckline and high hemline.  The dress code had changed.  Had the purpose of the party?
“Please don’t.  You look lovely.”  She smiled at Catherine, stood close, and gave her a quick kiss.  And Catherine understood.  There was to be just one elegant lady at the party.  Catherine understood, and accepted.
Guests began arriving at eight.  Anya and Catherine both stood at the door to welcome the first arrivals.  Women also wearing their best.  Long gowns, heels, perfect hair and makeup, warm hugs and cheek kisses at the door.  In four inch heels, Anya stood two inches taller than Catherine, and obviously out-dressed her.  Catherine chose not to be embarrassed or angry.  Somehow this was Anya’s night.  The spotlight would be on her.
Catherine chose to act the maid, bringing snacks and white wine around the living room as the crowd gathered.  She counted a dozen women.  Several had come to the last party, but most were new.  All stood close to Anya, all touched while they talked, every woman apparently an intimate of every other woman.
There was music.  Mostly ballads, a mix of Russian and German and American.  Dancing was slow, bodies were close, arms reached around and held tight.  Hours passed before Anya led the first woman to her bedroom.  By dawn all twelve women had been led to that room.  All twelve emerged with mussed hair and makeup, but elegance intact.  Their time in the bedroom done, some shared arm chairs in the living room, some continued to dance, two overwhelmed Catherine on the couch.  
Still dressed in formal gowns, two women helped Catherine make a simple breakfast, and the women shared that and a final glass of wine.  Each woman waited in line for a final hug and conversation with Anya.  Catherine fed Lana, but continued to watch Anya.  She appeared the queen parting from her court officers.  No tears.  Small smiles.  Long kisses.
When the last woman had left, Anya took Catherine’s hand, and bent to speak to Lana.
“Lana, I would like you to watch one of your movies after breakfast.  Okay?  Your mommy and I need a few minutes to talk.”
Lana nodded, and Anya pulled Catherine into the bedroom.
“Did I just witness a party, or a funeral?”
“No words, no interruptions.”  Anya bound Catherine’s wrists, pushed her back on the bed and then gagged her.  She hovered directly over Catherine, her hands in her hair, her eyes drooping with fatigue.  Tears in the corners.  She paused, blinked back the tears, paused again, then whispered.
“I love you Catherine.  I risked an American prison to get you here again.  I loved you from the moment we sat together outside that silly hunting lodge.  I spent an hour deciding what dress to wear for your seduction.  When you watched my skirt flare as we rocked on that porch, I knew I had a chance with you. 
“Now, just let me hold you.  Let me feel your heat.  Your legs are free.  Please wrap them around me and let me feel you as I sleep.”  Anya laid her head down against Catherine’s cheek, whispered of her love, and slowly fell asleep.
Catherine wrapped her legs around Anya and held her tight, now confident she was holding her for the last time.

Chapter 41
Empty Spaces

Anya left while Catherine was taking Lana on their morning walk.  It hurt.  Catherine did a quick look around the apartment and saw the obvious – empty closet, empty bureau, empty space in the bathroom.  She sat on her bed and cried.  Lana crawled up on the bed and leaned her head on Catherine’s shoulder.  Catherine grabbed her, pulled her onto her lap, and hugged her tight.  And cried.
She had no idea what was happening in Anya’s work life.  Something dreadful.  Something mysterious.  Something that had taken her to St. Petersburg daily, and now, apparently, permanently.  Catherine had followed Anya to Moscow twice, had married her, and loved her.  They were to spend their lives together.  Now she sat on their shared bed and stared into an empty closet.  And cried.
She felt Lana clinging to her, and knew she was scaring the girl.  Some explanation might help.  Maybe it would help both of them.
“Your other mother is in the army.  When you are older you will know more about the army and about soldiers.  But one rule for soldiers is they must go where they are told.  They must.  And many times they are gone very long.  Maybe a year.  Maybe more.”
“Will she miss my birthday?”
“Yes, I think she will.”
Lana pressed her face against Catherine’s chest.  She didn’t cry.  Catherine didn’t stop.  She kissed the top of Lana’s head, sniffled, and kept crying.  At one point she just lay back on the bed and closed her eyes.  Lana lay next to her, a tiny hand on Catherine’s neck.
Things got worse.  It took all of her energy, but Catherine was finally able to sit up and then to take Lana to the kitchen.  Lunch time.  There on the counter sat a manila envelope.  Anya had left a message scrawled across the front.

Sorry.  I should have given you
This in June.
Sorry.

Catherine saw a Milwaukee postmark.  Inside were a dozen large photographs of a wedding.  On her beach.  On a beautiful sunny day.  Vasily in his best suit.  The woman from Crivitz in a white dress.  The girls had white dresses too, and flowers in their hair.  They smiled up at their daddy.  He smiled at his new wife.
Catherine collapsed onto the kitchen floor.  She sat with her back against a cabinet, a fist full of pictures in her hand.  Lana stood over her.  Catherine reached out and pulled the girl onto her lap.  She turned the pictures upside down and put them on the floor.  Too much.  Too much to see.  Too much to think about.  Too much to feel.  She kissed the top of Lana’s head, and stroked her hair.
She was still there when Anastasia let herself in.
“You said I could visit when Lana was napping?”
 Catherine just stared at her.
“Lana, have you ever had waffles for lunch?”  The woman knelt down next to Catherine, patted her hand, and pulled Lana toward her.  “Would you like to help me?  I will tell you the secret ingredient in my waffles.”
Lana nodded and slowly moved from her mother.  Catherine let her go.  She waited until Lana was standing on her little step stool near a large mixing bowl, then rolled to her knees and finally got to her feet.  She thought she might be sick to her stomach.  She took several deep breaths, felt the sensation pass, and shuffled to her bedroom.  She lay face down, cried for a while, and then slept.
Anastasia woke her with kisses.  She lay next to Catherine, one hand in her hair, the other arranging a pillow they could both share.
“Lana is fed, and is napping.  She says the army has taken Anya.”
“Anya left while Lana and I took our walk in the park.  Everything of hers is gone.  I assume it is the army.  Something about St. Petersburg.”
“The new rumor is here in Moscow.  One of the universities is angry with her.”
“That is nothing.  Anya was trying to get this young woman to come teach here.  But the woman went to New Mexico instead.  Anya can’t be blamed for that.  And the woman may yet come.”
“Good.”  Anastasia kissed Catherine and pushed a hand up her skirt.
“What are you doing?”
“Just what we did a few days ago.  And I notice you are not pushing my hand away.”  Her hand went farther up Catherine’s leg.  Her fingers did slow circles on the back of her thigh.
“My American husband remarried.”
“I saw the pictures on the floor.”  She pushed herself closer to Catherine.
“Let me guess.  Break up sex?”
“You said I wasn’t too bony or too old.  I know it may not be the best day, but push a hand up my skirt too.  Please.”
There was some general movement as they each got a hand under a skirt, and then tried to get their other hand touching a face or playing with hair.  They kissed.  They smiled.  They pushed tight together.
“The hand you have under my skirt, move it just a couple inches higher.  That’s it.  Right there.  My husband used to put his hand there.  Foreplay.  He would hold me there and grin.  And I would grin.  And he would wait.  Teasing me.  I knew what was coming, and I really liked what was coming.  He would grab me, flip me onto my back, and then he was all over me.  Three sons.  He plowed me seriously.  First the hand, then the flip, then a hot dick right up in me.”
“You didn’t find another man?”
“Too old.  Too bony.”
“I’m forty seven.”
“You still have good hair, nice teeth.  Tell them you are forty two.”
“Maybe Anya will come back.”
“How empty is your closet?”
Catherine started crying again.  Anastasia kissed her and held her and did much more with her hand.


Chapter 42
Orlov

“Sergei is here.”  
Catherine was in the kitchen looking through a nearly empty refrigerator for the evening’s dinner.  Lana was standing at the living room windows, pointing at the Sergei’s car.  Catherine peered over.  It was Orlov pulling bags from his trunk.
 Catherine rushed to her bedroom.  For the last three days she had been wearing dark gray babushka dresses from the forest cottage.  It was too hot for a shawl, or she would have worn that too.  She was in mourning.  But, that’s not how she wanted to look for Orlov.  The dress fell off her into a clump on the floor as she did a quick survey of her limited wardrobe.  The choice was obvious – the yellow school dress he had bought her.  She stepped into that, then spent a few minutes pulling a comb through hair that had gotten too little attention.  Makeup?  No time.  She was still fighting a snarl when she heard Lana open the door to Sergei.  Sergei headed straight to the kitchen.  One final yank with the comb, and she went out to join him.
“Thank you, Lana.”  Lana was standing just outside the kitchen, watching Sergei pull groceries from the bags.  Catherine leaned down and kissed the top of Lana’s head.  Lana pulled her skirt.
“Mommy, please change my dress.”
Catherine took her hand and led her through the kitchen to Lana’s alcove.  Her dress was perfectly fine, but if mommy was going to wear the yellow school dress, so was Lana.  Catherine unbuttoned the current dress.  Lana had it down in a second and quickly stepped into her yellow dress.  More buttons up the back.  Then Lana took a comb from a shelf and handed it to Catherine.  She wanted her hair done.  Catherine sat on the edge of her bed and worked through a second set of snarls.
“Ponytail?”
Lana shook her head.  Catherine put in a part and swung her hair across her forehead and over her right ear.  Lana quickly picked a yellow barrette and stood still while Catherine snapped it in place.  When she heard the barrette lock into her hair, she looked up at Catherine.
“Mommy, we look pretty.”
“Yes, we do.”
Sergei was unbagging groceries barely five feet away and heard everything.  When they came back into the kitchen, he stopped what he was doing, looked at them carefully and agreed.
“You both look very pretty.”  He picked Lana up, kissed her on both cheeks, and then put her down.  He and Catherine stood looking at each other.
“We have much to talk about.”  Sergei held out a hand, but Catherine didn’t take it or move toward him.
“We have one thing to talk about.  One person.”
“No, three people.”  He reached farther with his hand.  This time Catherine took it and stepped toward him.
“Start with Anya.  Where is she?”
“I can’t tell you that.”
“Will I see her again?”
“No.”
Catherine reached for his neck, caught herself, and rested her hands on his shoulders.  She studied his face.  He was telling the truth.  She would never see Anya again.  She moved her mouth to say something, but no words came out.  Sergei answered the question she didn’t ask.
“You were an officer.  You know when officers make mistakes there are consequences.”
“What mistake?”
“I cannot tell you that.  You already know too much.”
Catherine searched for a response.  Yes, she had been an officer.  And yes, mistakes lead to consequences.  But Anya.  “No” was so final. Gone.  No return, no reprieve.  Gone.  What would follow?  What of her and Lana?
“And us?  Do Lana and I go back to the cottage in the forest?”
“You might.”
Catherine stared at him.  A threat.  Clearly a threat.  His expression was firm.  The face he had used in giving orders and speaking to subordinates for decades.  “You might.”  Yes, he might put her back in the forest.  He could do it.  His face said he would do it without regret.
“Lana?”  She felt throat close as she said the name.
“She is yours.”
Catherine studied Sergei’s face.  No change.  Certainty.  He was speaking the truth as he knew it.  “Sergei, this is important.  I can live in the forest, or anywhere else, but I must have Lana.”
“She is yours, legally.”  
He reached into a pocket for an envelope.  A form was folded inside.  Some bureau.  Catherine still read Russian poorly, but she could make out the important words.  She was now Lana’s sole legal guardian.  Anya’s name was no longer on the paper.  That bond was broken.  That hurt.  But Lana was hers.  She clutched the paper in her fist and wrapped her arms around Sergei.
“Thank you.”  She kissed him.  As she did, she felt his arms slide across her back and down over her ass.  Payment would be expected.  She didn’t care.  She pressed herself against him.
“I am yours.  Take me now if you wish.”
“I wish a glass of vodka, dinner, and then a conversation after Lana goes to bed.”
And that is what followed.  Sergei strode to the living room, removed his tunic and his tie, sat, and asked Lana to read a book to him.  She grabbed her favorite book, sat on his lap, and carefully read aloud.  Catherine brought him a glass of vodka which he sipped as he held Lana and complimented her reading skills.  Catherine watched the two of them, surprised how easily and quickly the girl who had been terrified of Sergei now readily climbed up onto his lap.  Amazing.
Dinner was stew meat in a mushroom sauce over rice.  A simple meal, but a marvel after several days of mac and cheese.  Even Lana was happy with the change.  Catherine poured wine with the meal.  It seemed a feast.
After dinner they took a walk through Gorky Park.  July in a northern latitude.  The sky stayed bright until after ten.  The park was full.  Catherine and Sergei each took one of Lana’s hands, and they wandered down walkways.  When Lana got tired, Sergei picked her up and carried her home.
While Catherine got Lana ready for bed, Sergei took the vodka bottle into the living room, poured two glasses, and waited.  Catherine made him wait longer.  She got Lana settled, then hurried to her bedroom and changed into one of the short satin dresses Anya liked so much.  She also applied some makeup and gave her hair another combing.  When she came back out to the living room, she stood for Sergei to inspect.
“Anya liked me to wear one of these in the evening.  I thought you might like it too.”  She slowly turned, and even did a curtsey.  And waited.
“Catherine, you are an attractive woman.  I see why she liked you in that dress.  I like it too.  Now sit with me, drink, and talk with me.”
Catherine knew she was about to be interrogated.  But she gave herself an edge.  She sat tight against Sergei, played with her skirt, pulled her feet up under her, and adjusted her skirt again.  It rode high on her thigh.  Some of it also flowed over onto Sergei’s legs.  Not very original, but it generally worked.
Sergei gave her a glass of vodka and drank with her.
“So, Sergei, there is truth in wine – and vodka.  Correct?”  Catherine raised her glass and drank more.  It was hot in her throat, but rested well on the heavy dinner.
“Yes, the truth, Catherine.  We will drink and talk truth.”
“And if you don’t like the truth?  Lana and I live again in the forest?”
“Just tell me the truth, and this apartment is yours.”  He finished his vodka, waited for Catherine to finish hers, and then refilled both glasses.
“I won’t betray Anya.  And yes, I know the rumor.  Some university is upset with her.  Too damn bad.  She wanted to get Sara back here, but Sara is the freest spirit on earth.  Anya was never going to control her.”
“Let’s talk about Sara.  You were her lover?”
“For two nights after your men grabbed Vasily.  She came to me.  She is very good, by the way.  I don’t know if she reads interesting books, or if she just makes friends quickly.”
“We drink.”
“We drink, but not too quickly.  I will just end up puking, and you won’t want to sleep with me.”
Sergei nodded, and both of them took small drinks.
“So you loved Sara?”
“Loved and feared.  I knew Anya preferred her.  As well she should.  I’m forty seven.  Sara is barely old enough to vote.  Cute, a marvel in bed, and brilliant.  I don’t know if she got that McArthur Grant, but she was that caliber thinker.  Talking with her was much more interesting than talking to me.  I guessed if Sara took a job in Moscow, she would be in this apartment, and I would still be in a cottage at the end of a long lonely road.”
“So you wanted her to stay out of Russia.”
“Here’s where you get angry with me.  Maybe we should drink first.”
They each sipped their vodka.   Catherine also dropped her free hand onto Sergei’s thigh and began working him.
“You’re not going to make me angry that way.”  He look down at his groin.
“No, this way.  I didn’t want her in Russia because I knew you would keep her.  Maybe with an ankle monitor.  Maybe with a neck transmitter.  Maybe some new way.  But you would keep her.  She has the freshest mind of her generation.  You weren’t going to let that pass you by.  You would throw Anya at her, or that mathematician, or armed guards, but she was never leaving Russia.  And I didn’t want that.  She needs to be free.  Even if it is just to talk with old Indians in Taos.  She should be free.”
“And you told Anya that?”
“Hell no.  That would have gotten me a quick trip back to the forest.”
Catherine stared at Sergei, waiting.  Next question?  When it didn’t come, she took the lead.
“If we drink any more, we are going to be terrible in bed.  I assume you want to fuck me.  And in truth, I really need to be fucked.  I need someone in that bed.  What do you say?”
He nodded.  Catherine took his hand and led him back to her bedroom.  She took her time.  She slowly undressed him, carefully folding his uniform over a chair arm.  He was ready.  Erect.  She left him standing naked while she took off her own clothes, slowly, teasing, often looking back at him, over her shoulder, a bit of a grin.  Finally she pulled a satin nightgown over her head, her breasts bouncing as they fit into the gown.
“Anya would bind my wrists at night.”  
She handed him a strip of cloth and turned her back.  No hesitation.  He wrapped the cloth around her wrists and tied it.
“And now I learn the nature of your soul.”  She slid down to her knees and looked up at him.  “You control where I live, what I eat, what clothes I wear.  I am sure you also control whether I keep Lana. You have me.  I am yours for life.  Now, with my hands bound, you have additional control.  But there’s more.  I am on my knees in the position of surrender, but also in the position of love.  The willingness to please.  But that’s another level of control.  Love.  I have come to love you, and want you.  I am sure that is obvious to you.  I will do whatever you wish.  I will please you.  Now, and as long as you want me.  I am yours.”
She moved closer and took him in her mouth.  He was large, and hot.  She used her tongue, and her mouth, and pleased him the best way she knew.  As she did, she thought she saw his soul.  He put his hands on her head, and slowly stroked her hair.  Gently, carefully.  Responding to her as she brought him to climax.  Talking softly to her.  Promising to care for her.  She stayed on her knees, looked up into his face and hoped she was hearing the truth.  

Chapter 43
Life with Sergei

Afterward, Catherine had trouble sleeping.  Sergei left her wrists bound and put her on her back.  He slept leaning across her, one hand on her shoulder or playing in her hair.  It was the same position Anya so often took, except Anya was five nine and weighed one forty.  Sergei was six two and weighed two thirty.  He was heavy.  It was hard to breathe.  And harder to sleep.
Then, somewhere in the middle of the night Catherine started crying.  Anya.  It had hurt when she had left.  It hurt worse knowing she would never be back.  It hurt.
Sergei woke.  He raised his head to look at her.  “Stop that.”
“I’m not crying about you.  I am crying about Anya.  I miss her.  You all think our marriage was illegal and wrong.  But it was right.  I am her wife.  I love her.”
“She wasn’t arrested, although she might have been.  She isn’t in prison.  She was just assigned to very different duties in a very different place.  You needn’t worry about her.  So stop crying.”
“She’s safe?”
“Yes.”
“Thank you for that.”
Sergei used his thumb to wipe the tears from her face.
“No more crying over Anya.”
“I will cry if I need to.”  Catherine turned her head away from Sergei, but he forced her to look back at him.
“Think less about Anya.  More about me.”
“I understand.”
“Do you?  Tell me about me.  When I came to visit, the only time you made love to me was at Christmas.  Why then?”  His hand was deep into her hair, forcing her to look at him while she answered.  Even in the dim light of the room, he could read her eyes.
“Most visits I feared you.  I resented you.  I know you said you would not force me, but I was sure that was a lie.  At Christmas you were kind to us.  I knew you would seek information from me.  But you brought presents.  Matching dresses.  That was sweet.  You recognized the bond between me and Lana.  I was surprised.  And you danced with us.  I felt kindness, courtesy, and caring.  I was happy to have you in my bed that day.”
“And now?”
“Now I don’t know what to think of you.  I will do whatever you want of me, but I am uncertain even why you are here.  At the Kremlin troll farm you hurt me and humiliated me.  You said you wanted to put me in my place.  Now you have complete control.  You can do what you want with me.  You can be rough, but you are often kind.”
There was a long pause while Sergei pulled his fingers from her hair and began stroking the side of her face.
“I think of you in three ways.  Do you wish to know this?”
“Yes.”
“You will not like it.”
“Now you are just teasing.  If you are going to tell me, tell me.”
“Okay.  First, you are an enemy soldier.  An American.  My whole career has been ‘what will the Americans do if we…’  Always the fucking Americans.  Every plan we make has an American condition.  I hate that.  So now, yes, I have one American officer I can put in her place.  And I will do that.  You have much to fear from me.
“My second view?  Having a woman who will do anything for you is a good thing.  Russian women listen to their men.  They know their place.  You are learning to be a proper Russian woman.  You will please me however I wish.
“Third?  I see the way you are raising Lana, and I like it.  You are patient.  You are loving.  When you look at her, or hold her, I can see love.  You are a good mother. So, my view of you, and how I will treat you is complex.”
“Sergei, I want you to look at me another way.  A simple way.”  She brought her face as close to him as she could.  “I am a Russian mother with a Russian child.  I need support.  I need kindness.  I hope, over time, I will find love.  I hope the man who loves me is you.”
Sergei leaned down, kissed her, then once again held her head.
“No tears, Catherine.  You are safe.  Lana is safe.  Now sleep.”
Sergei was soon snoring.  Catherine stared at the ceiling.  Eventually she too slept.
In the morning, Catherine did as she had with Anya.  She made and served breakfast wearing just her night gown.  It was clear Sergei liked it.  He had hands on her at every opportunity during breakfast, and again at the door.  He held her back against the door, leaned into her, and kissed her.  He soon had her nightgown down off her shoulder.
“Please, Sergei, don’t be rough with me.  Not in front of Lana.”
“Lana should learn how Russian men treat Russian women.  And you should be grateful to me.  I will not be here tonight or tomorrow night.  I have other places to be.  It is a kindness to tell you, right?  You will not worry when I do not come to you for dinner.”
“Yes, thank you for telling me.”
“Now show Lana how a Russian woman treats a Russian man.”
Catherine wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled herself up against him.  She kissed him first because it was expected.  The other kisses came as she felt his heat and his hands.  When Sergei finally left, they were both smiling and breathless.
Lana stood at the edge of the kitchen.
“Is Sergei my new Daddy?”
“Do you like him?”  Catherine took Lana’s hand and walked back to her alcove.  She sat on Lana’s bed and pulled her onto her lap.
“He seems nice.”
“He used to frighten you.”
“Yes.”
“And now?”
“Now I like him.”
“Because he buys you presents?”  Catherine began combing her hair back into a ponytail.
“Yes.”  Lana laughed.
Catherine wrapped a yellow scrunchy around the tail and kissed the top of Lana’s head.
“Mommy, you kissed him.”
“Yes.”
“So you love him?”
“Yes.”  The question was too complicated for Catherine to puzzle through, much less Lana.  And “yes” seemed to cover most of any answer she might consider.
“Then he is my new daddy.”
Catherine finished dressing Lana, then dressed herself.  In a few minutes they were already out on their morning walk.  Same three stops – the river, the pond, the playground.  Same four kids on the jungle gym.  Same four mothers sitting on benches.  Same conversations as she took her regular spot.  So much the same, yet nothing was.  Anya was gone.  Sergei had staked his claim.  Lana had a new daddy.  Catherine had a new husband.  All was different.  All was the same.
Sergei returned in three days.  Bags of groceries, a bottle of vodka, DVDs and two dresses for Lana.  Catherine and Lana had prepared for his return.  They wore their matching yellow dresses.  Catherine fixed one of her better pasta dishes, and Lana practiced a book to read to her daddy.  It felt like a holiday.
The evening went well.  Lana even announced, “You are my daddy now.”  Sergei smiled and kissed her cheek.  The three of them sat together on the couch and watched one of the DVDs that Sergei brought.  Disney.  Lana got up and danced through much of the movie.
Once Catherine got Lana settled down and in bed, Catherine changed into one of her satin dresses, and pulled the skirt up as she sat on Sergei’s lap.
“You were kind today.  You made Lana happy.  You acted like her daddy.
“And now you wish me to act like your husband?”
“You will act as you wish.”  She leaned down and kissed him.
“And you?  As I recall, you are now a poor Russian woman with a Russian child who needs support and hopes for kindness.”
“I have found kindness.”
“Now you look for love.”  He pulled her face down onto his shoulder and kissed her.
“Now I hope for love.”
“My love for you will always be complicated.  I explained that the other night.  I will want you in my arms, but also on your knees.”  Their faces were inches apart.  Each studied the other.
“I will please you any way you wish.  You know that.  You are my man.”
She took his hand and led him back to her bedroom.  He bound her wrists and set her on her knees.  He stroked her hair for several minutes before pulling her onto him.  She looked up at his face.  She watched him.  Everything she did gave him pleasure.  She did it slowly to give him as much pleasure as possible.  A good Russian woman.


Chapter 44
Lana’s Birthday

The next morning Catherine went to the door with Sergei when he left.  So did Lana.  Sergei picked her up and kissed both her cheeks.  Then he held her so she could do the same for him.  When he put her down, he moved her to one side and winked at her.
“Now I kiss your mommy.”  Catherine already had her arms around his neck.  He lifted her, pressed her against the door, and kissed her while Lana laughed.
“When will you see us again?”  Catherine whispered in his ear.
“Three days.”
“When you come next time, I want to talk with you about her birthday.”
“I know.  August ninth.  We should have a party.”
“You will be there for it?”
“I will be here.  Now kiss me and make Lana laugh again.”
Sergei hugged Catherine tight, kissed her long, and smiled at Lana a final time.  He left behind a very excited little girl and a confused woman.  He knew Lana’s birthday.  He bought her presents.  He was so good to her.  Yet he only visited them every third day.  Strange.  She and Lana got dressed, took their walk, and enjoyed the day.  Whatever was going on with Sergei, she didn’t understand it.  But she saw kindness.  And she liked the way he held her.
Anastasia came calling that afternoon.  They moved straight to Catherine’s bedroom, arranged a single pillow and lay facing each other.
“I smell a man.”
“General Sergei Orlov.”
“Congratulations.  How old did you tell him you are?”
“Forty seven.”
“Honesty stops being useful after you turn twenty five.”
Anastasia stopped talking long enough to put Catherine’s hands where she wanted them, while placing her own to keep Catherine’s interest.
“Want to tell me about it?  A night of passion?  Everything you wanted in a man?”
“Too soon to tell.”
“Wrong.  Either you feel it now, or you never feel it.  Like now.”  Anastasia slid on top of Catherine, put her hands on each side of Catherine’s face and kissed her.  “Did you feel that?”
“Yes.”
“Me too.  Now hold me tight and make me glad I came to see you.”
They did a bit of wrestling, hands slipping up under skirts or holding the other’s head for a long kiss.  Finally they just settled, Anastasia riding Catherine, Catherine with her arms tight around Anastasia.  A final kiss, and then they just rested.  Catherine almost instantly fell asleep.
She woke when she heard Lana begin moving around her room.  Naptime over. 
“Anastasia, before Lana comes in here, I want you to tell me about birthdays.  When I lived here before, I was in a small city east of Moscow.  My girls got small presents, and their grandmother baked a cake.  Neither girl had a party.  Do children have parties in Moscow?”
“Of course.  Moscow wants to out American the Americans.”
“Would you help me do a party for Lana?  There are some children she plays with in the park.  I thought of inviting them.”
“Yes, but I require payment in kisses.  And you know where to put your hand.”  
As it turned out, that conversation was the most complicated part of the process.  Once she knew that parties were common in Moscow, and now that she had a local guide, the party was easy.  
First step - Catherine took small notes with date, time, location to the four mothers who shared the jungle gym with Lana most mornings.  All agreed to come.  
Next - Sergei was back in her bed three nights later.  Catherine asked for a cake, decorations, and balloons.  He responded with all that plus matching dresses for Lana and Catherine.  On her birthday he took the day off so he could be with Lana.  Catherine introduced him to the four mothers.  When asked, Catherine said, “He’s my husband.”  Sergei heard, looked over, and smiled.
Anastasia mostly ran the party.  She chose two games (one involved pinning the tail on a popular cartoon character and the other had something to do with floating balloons around the front lawn).  All four mothers monitored their kids and wiped their tears (one boy fell over while blindfolded, a girl ran into a tree while chasing a balloon).  The cake was popular, and Lana got four presents.  Your basic success in the world of five year olds.
That evening the three of them sat on the couch and watched a movie.  It felt like a family evening.  Daddy, mommy, daughter.  Lana sat on Catherine’s lap for part of the movie, and Sergei’s for the rest.  Ninety minutes of family time.  A perfect evening.
Later, as Catherine looked up from her knees, she made her first request.
“Don’t hurt her, Sergei.  Don’t let her call you daddy if you aren’t going to be here for her.”
“And when you call me your husband?”  He wove his fingers into her hair and brought her face close to his penis.
“I am a Russian woman looking for love.”
“I don’t know if you will find it with me.  But I will treat you with kindness.”
“And Lana?”
He didn’t answer.  He pulled Catherine’s face forward.  She pleased him.  She watched him.  She waited for any response.  None came then, or later in bed.  She fell asleep asking herself, “why every three days?”


Chapter 45
First Day of School

School started September first.  She was in Sergei’s arms the night before.  She was happy.  Sergei noticed it in an odd way.  She was sitting on his lap, basically teasing him with her breast near his face.  He had an arm around her shoulders.
“You are softer, Catherine.  Your muscle definition is gone.”
“Anya said it was from Lana.  Hormones.  My shoulders and legs were softer, my ass and breasts were larger.”
“All true.  Definitely true for your breasts.”  He cupped one, then the other, massaging and fondling them.  “One other difference – your face.”  He took her chin in his hand.  “You glow, Catherine.  And yes, I know you put on makeup before I come home.  But that’s not it.  It is a general glow.  You are a happy woman.  A happy mother.”
“Yes, I am.”  
That’s as much as she got out before he flipped her onto her back and fucked her right on the couch.  Something else to be happy about.  Over the weeks sex didn’t just come on her knees.  Fucking could come any time, any place.  Surprises.  And fun.  And maybe an indication of love.
August had disappeared in three day chunks.  Still a mystery.  Why every three days?  But he never missed one of his days.  Every third day was special.  Every third day Lana and Catherine smiled.
The first day of school?  Sergei bought them another set of mother/daughter dresses.  Autumn colors, half sleeves, ruffles trimming the hem of the skirts.  Lana loved hers.  She twirled.  She bounced.  She stood still for pose after pose when Sergei got his camera out.  If any first day of school was fully documented, this was it.  Sergei walked to school with them, and took more pictures at the school gate.  So did all the other parents.  It seemed unlikely the school day would actually start, parents were so busy getting one last picture.
Catherine was concerned Lana would balk at the last minute, or cry, but she saw one of the kids from her birthday party, took his hand, and off they went – off to find their classroom and start their education.
Sergei left next.  A final picture of Catherine standing at the school.  Then he was gone.
And, Catherine was alone.
Well, not quite.  There were still a few mothers staring at the school.  Couples talking and sharing pictures on their phones.  And an old lady standing under a tree.  Leaning, actually.  Leaning forward on a cane, her hair hanging down on both sides of her face, her head tilted up so she could see before her.  In her left hand was a cigarette.  She inhaled, her eyes squinted shut from the smoke.  Then she exhaled and leaned farther over her cane.
“He thinks I’m stupid.”  Her voice was deep and raspy.  The voice of a lifelong smoker.  And her words were compressed.  All the vowels gone to save her breath.  “Stupid” came out “stpd”.  She spoke Russian, but Russian vowels disappear just as fully as English vowels.  She caught her breath and then added, “Not stupid.”
She stared directly at Catherine as she spoke.  An old lady with a cane, wearing a dress four sizes too large for her.  Catherine looked around her to see if the woman might be speaking to someone else.  No.  Couples still looked at digital pictures.  Mothers were wandering off in the other direction.  The woman was speaking to Catherine.  For some reason.
Catherine took a step backwards.  The woman was having some sort of mental breakdown.  Time to back away.  And then the woman continued.
“Every third night.”  She coughed, pause, and repeated.  “Every third night.  For a month.  Systems check.  A general?  Lier.  Lier.  And fucker.”
Catherine took a step forward.
“Who are you?”
“How old are you.  I came to see.  How old?”  She didn’t have the breath to shout, but she came close.
“Forty seven.”
“Too old.  Too old for him.  Too old for her.  You will be…”  She paused to get her breath and to do the math.  “Sixty when she is done.  Out of school.  Sixty.”  She pulled on her cigarette again, then threw the butt on the ground so she could lean on her cane with both hands.
“What do you want?”
“I want my granddaughter.  And my husband.”
“Lana is mine.”
“I will take her.”
“The hell you will.”
Catherine turned and rushed into the school.  Kids were still milling about the hallways being steered to the right rooms, teachers and kids mixed and moving.  Catherine spotted smaller kids at one end of the hall.  She was there in a moment, and spotted Lana just before she was to go into her room.  Catherine took her shoulder.
“Lana, we need to go somewhere.”
Lana looked at her mother, but clearly didn’t understand.  She was with other kids.  Other kids were going to the room.  A teacher was at the door smiling and hugging each child.
“Lana, come with me.”
As Catherine pulled on Lana, the teacher looked up.
“Is there a problem?”  As she asked, she studied mother and daughter.  Matching dresses, no concerns from the child.  Still, she needed to be sure.
“Her father has been in an accident.  We need to see him.”  She mouthed “dying.”  The teacher nodded understanding.
“Be sure to let the office know.  We wish you the best.”
Catherine thanked her, then put Catherine on her hip and hurried her out of the school.
“Daddy is hurt?”
Catherine pulled her tight and hurried in the opposite direction of the old lady.  Sergei’s wife.  Lana’s grandmother.  
“He is with some doctors.  We will go home and wait for him.  If he is hurt, we will want to help him.”
She was nearly running, and people were staring.  Catherine forced herself to slow down.  To calm down.  She did her breathing exercises.  She hugged Lana.  She thought of a million things, but the primary one was to get home.  Get inside.  Get behind a door she could lock.
Anastasia was waiting for her.  
“Hi.  I thought you might like some company.  I thought school started today.  Is something wrong?”
It was clear what she had come for.  She was wearing satin, had carefully done her hair, and was wearing enough moisturizer to shine brightly in the sun.  On a different day, Catherine would have been interested.
“Daddy is hurt.  We will help him.”  Lana made her announcement with some pride.  Catherine just smiled and climbed the steps.
“Thanks for coming, Anastasia, but…”
Anastasia was inside before Catherine could even turn around to close the door.
“Let me help.”
Catherine closed the door, locked it, then took Lana to the front windows.  No cars.  No people.  No threat.  Yet.
“Anastasia, do you have a phone?  I would like to call Sergei.”
“Sure.  What’s his number?”  
She dug around in her bag and found her phone.  Catherine just stared at her.
“I don’t know.”
She backed away from the windows and sat on the couch, pulling Lana onto her lap and wrapping her arms around her.  She kissed the top of her head, then lightly rested her chin on the girl.  She felt herself tighten her arms around Lana, and caught herself before she hurt the girl.
Anastasia sat tight against Catherine and put one arm around her shoulders.
“I see you are worried.  But the doctors will call you.  Most doctors here are women.  They understand.”  She leaned into Catherine and played with some hair that had slid across Lana’s face.  Lana laughed.  It tickled.
Catherine slowed her breathing and kissed the top of Lana’s head again.  Grandmother.  Blood relative.  She would have legal claim.  Why had she not already taken the girl?  Was Sergei hiding the girl from her?  Sergei.  Grandfather.  Lana was his.  He could take her.  Why hadn’t he?  Why give the girl to her and Anya?  The gifts.  The gifts weren’t to a friend.  They were to a relative.  The official documents.  Her legal rights?  Real, or fake?  He could produce fake passports.  He could produce fake adoption papers.  Had he?
Anastasia reached across Catherine, put a hand on her cheek and turned her face.
“Catherine, maybe a video for Lana, and you and I can go talk.”  
She didn’t wait for a response.  Anastasia went into Lana’s alcove and started a video.  Disney.  Songs.  Bright colors.  Lana twisted on Catherine’s lap.  Catherine let her go.  Anastasia got Lana settled, then came for Catherine.
“Time for you to tell me what is going on.”  She took Catherine’s hand and led her back to the bedroom.  She pushed Catherine back onto the bed and sat on her hips.  Her hands went to Catherine’s shoulders and she leaned over her.  
“Are you interested in bondage?  It kept our marriage going the last twenty years.  Lots of fun.”
“No.”
Anastasia ignored her and took the pillow cases off two pillows.
“Let me show you how I drove my husband crazy.  Instant erection even as he got older.” She pushed Catherine’s arm up near the brass headboard and wrapped and tied the pillow case.  “When you try this with Sergei, you will thank me.”  She tied the other wrist, then lay down on Catherine and kissed her.
“You are the first woman I ever fell in love with.  And I do love you, Catherine.  I love the feel of you.  I love the smell of you.  I love your touch.  My hope was we would spend every day together.  With Lana in school, we would be together like this all day, every day.  That’s what I wanted.  But things got complicated.  Now I have to do something I don’t want to do.  But there are people…  Sometimes people ask you to do something you don’t want to do.  But you need to do them.”  
She used another pillow case to gag Catherine.  One last kiss, and she slid off the bed, closed the door carefully behind her, and went to Lana’s room.
Catherine pulled on her wrists.  Both were tight.  She turned her head and looked.  The knots were large, easy to pick apart.  If she had teeth free to do it.  Not with a gag.  She listened for a moment.  Anastasia was talking to Lana.  Time for a walk.  Catherine calmed herself, slowed her breathing, and grabbed the two brass bars with her fists.  She pulled.  She could feel them turn in the top bar of the headboard.  She rolled back, raising her feet in the air.  She rolled again and got them under the top bar.  She pushed up with her feet and pulled with her fists.  Movement.  But not enough.  A second try.  She felt the bars bend.  Third try.  The bar holding her right wrist popped free of the top bar.  She slid the pillow case from the bar and untied her other wrist and her gag.
Anastasia had Lana’s hand and was crossing the living room.  Catherine slammed her in the kidneys, then pressed her against a wall and punched her until she heard ribs begin to snap.  As the woman screamed, Catherine dragged her into her bedroom, tied her wrists, then pushed her under her bed, gagging her and tying her ankles to one of the bed posts.
Lana was crying.  Scared.  Catherine closed the bedroom door, then knelt down in front of her.
“That lady was going to hurt you.”  Catherine reached out to stroke Lana’s hair.  Lana backed away from her.  “I know I scared you.  I am sorry.  But I will never ever hurt you.”
Catherine put her hands on her knees, and waited.
“Don’t hurt me, Mommy.”
“Never, Lana.  Never.”  She waited.  Finally Lana came to Catherine and put her arms around her neck.
“I love you, Mommy.”
“I love you too.”  


Chapter 46
Escape

The day dragged on.  Catherine sat on Lana’s bed, the girl tight in her arms as they watched movies.  And listened.  Any footsteps on the stairs.  Any car pulling to the curb.  Anastasia whimpering in the bedroom.  Catherine made lunch for Lana and put her down for a nap, hoping she might sleep but not expecting her to.
Anastasia.  Catherine took a glass of water into the bedroom and pulled Anastasia out from under the bed.  She took off her gag, raised her head, and gave her sips of water.
“You hurt me.  I think I am dying.”
“You will piss blood for a few days.  Plus your bones are old and brittle.  I am sure I cracked a few ribs.  I’ll wrap them for you and you will feel better.”
Catherine took the sheet off the bed and folded it until it was a strip about a foot wide.  Getting it around Anastasia took time.  The woman moaned at every touch, but Catherine was finally able to wrap her ribs several times, and then hold everything together with safety pins.
“Bones hurt less when they are stable.  Take small breaths and lie still.”
“You should get me to a hospital.”
“You should not kidnap children.”  Catherine sat on the floor next to Anastasia.  “I trusted you.  You betrayed me.”
“Yelena is a lifelong friend.”
“I might have been a lifelong friend.”
“You are not dying.”
“You would give a little girl to a dying old woman?”
“It is her dying wish.”
“She wants a little girl to sit and watch her smoke and cough until she dies?  I should have hit you harder.”
Anastasia looked around the room, and then up at Catherine.
“I need to pee.”
“Go ahead.  I am not untying you.  And I am going to gag you again.  Any final words?”
“Can you put me up on the bed, and maybe lie with me?”
“The floor gives you better support.”
Catherine put the gag back in her mouth.  But she stayed with her a while, caressing her cheek.
“You looked very good this morning.  You may be old and bony, but I think you will find another friend.  Next time treat her better.”  She spent a few more minutes with her, then kissed her forehead and left.
No cars on the street.  No people on the stairs.  A quiet afternoon.  Catherine watched, and worried, and waited.
Sergei arrived around midnight.  By then Catherine had fed Lana dinner, sat with her to watch yet more movies, and finally got her into bed.  
“Pack a bag for each of you.  They will be coming for you in the morning.  We need to be gone.”  Sergei kept his voice low, but his nervousness was obvious.
“You need to know something.”  Catherine led Sergei to her bedroom and opened the door.  Anastasia looked up from the floor.
“Who?”
“A woman named Anastasia.  A friend of your wife.  She tried to take Lana.”
“We can talk about my wife later.  Now, just leave the woman.  Pack your bags.”
Catherine packed a bag for herself, and then a bag for Lana.  She noticed Sergei was bagging groceries.  She didn’t ask.  She just put her bags where Sergei could see them, and woke Lana.  
“Sweetie, Daddy is going to take us someplace.  I’m going to wrap a blanket around you.  You can sleep in the car.”
Lana looked confused, but didn’t fuss.  She looked, saw her mother and her daddy, and let Catherine wrap her up tight in the blanket.
They were quickly in the car.  Catherine sat with Lana on her lap, holding her and slowly stroking her hair as the girl fell back asleep.  Sergei put the bags and the groceries in the back of his car, and they were off.
It took about an hour.  Catherine had lots to say.  Endless questions.  But she stayed silent.  She even stayed silent when Sergei took a road into the forest.  She knew where they were going.  She hugged Lana and hoped for the best.
“She can sleep on the couch.”  
Sergei had parked at the little cottage and carried bags in one hand and groceries in the other.  He was quickly up the stairs and inside.  Catherine followed, carrying Lana still wrapped in her blanket.  The cottage was as they had left it, but Lana’s bed and all her things had been moved to the apartment.  Catherine looked at the couch and started towards the bedroom.
“Lana can sleep with me.”
“Lana will sleep on the couch.  You will sleep with me.”  Sergei continued into the bedroom.  To him, the matter was settled.  Catherine hesitated for a moment, then put Lana on the couch.  She knelt beside her, and spent some time arranging the blanket.  More time than needed, really.  She tucked her in tight, pulled the top up past her chin, and put a small pillow under Lana’s head.  Lana’s eyes quickly closed.  Catherine stayed where she was, leaning over her daughter, stroking her hair, kissing her cheek.  She wasn’t sure she could move from that spot.
Sergei waited for her in the bedroom, already half undressed.  He looked out the bedroom door to see what was keeping her.  She ignored him.  Lana had such nice hair.  Catherine pulled it back from her face and kissed the girl again.
When she stood, she didn’t go into the bedroom.  She went back outside.  There was a slice of moon.  A few shadows on the grassy area where people parked.  A slight breeze.  A bit cool.  She sat on the steps and gathered her skirt around her legs.  The car was still cooling.  She could hear small clicks and pops.
Sergei came to the door and looked down at her.  Catherine could hear him at the door.  She spoke to him without turning.
“I was wrong to take Lana.  I have been wrong all day.  Lana is her granddaughter.  She should be able to see her before she dies.”
Sergei slowly settled next to her on the stairs.  He took her hand.  Catherine could not ever remember him doing that before – just sitting and holding her hand.  She turned to look at him.  He was looking at her, but struggling with a response.
“We have been enemies for years.  She blames me for our daughter.  Valery took drugs because I was gone.  Valery took drugs to make me notice her.  Valery took drugs because I was a bad father.  Always my fault.  No fault of Yelena, even though she was with our daughter every day.  So we fought.”  He stopped, then tilted his head slightly.  “Some of it was my fault.  Maybe most of it.”
“And Lana?”
“Three when her mother overdosed.  A girlfriend took her for a while.  Then another.  Then the orphanage.  It took me time to track her down.  Then what?  Take her home to the same woman – and same man – who watched her mother disappear into thugs and drugs?  At the airport you talked about Vasily’s girls.  You talked about being a good mother.  I knew that to be true.  I called Anya.  She agreed.  We had a solution.” 
“But now your wife wants Lana.”
“I will hide you for a while.  She will be dead in six months.  Drugged for the pain in four.”
“You could take us to your apartment.  I could be Lana’s nanny.”
“She would never accept that.  She knows we have been sleeping together.  She hates you.”
“Make the offer.  She hates me, but she gets Lana for the time she has left.  She might surprise you.”
“You would do that?  She would treat you terribly.”  Sergei had his hands on Catherine’s shoulders and turned her so he could see her face.
“It is the right thing to do.”  Catherine met his eyes.  She wanted him to see her commitment.
“I will talk with her in the morning.”  He stood, lifted her by the shoulders, and led her back into the cottage, an arm around her shoulders. 
Catherine followed him into their bedroom.  She had packed for such nights.  She changed into white satin.  She stood and let him look at her, then she reached into a bureau drawer and found the strip of cloth Anya used on her.  She offered it to Sergei. 
“I am yours, Sergei.  Treat me well.”
She turned her back to him and held out her hands.  He wrapped the cloth around her wrists and tied it. 
“On my knees?”
“On your back.”
Catherine slipped into bed.  He took position over her, his knees between hers, his elbows alongside her arms, his hands touching the hair fringing her face.  She waited until he was settled, his face hovering just above hers.
“When were you going to tell me you were her grandfather?”
“When we were married.”  There was almost no light in the room, but she could tell he was watching for her reaction.
“You need not do that.  You already have me.  I wear your collar.  I wear clothes you buy me and eat food you bring.  I care for your granddaughter and will as long as you let me.”
“True.  I have Lana.  She is mine.  So you are mine.  You, the American major, will do anything the Russian general asks.  You, the Russian housewife, will serve me as all Russian women serve their men.  And you, Lana’s mother, will raise her to be a good Russian woman.  You will do all that whether I marry you or not.” 
Sergei held his face above Catherine.  He examined her expression.  He waited.
“Yes, I will do all that.”  Catherine was watching his face as carefully as he watched hers.  “You know I will do whatever is required for me to keep Lana.”
“You will do one more thing.  You will love me.  Now you fear me. You will let me fuck you if it protects you and Lana.  You will get on your knees for me.  I want more.  There was a moment when we were in the Presidential Palace when you wanted me.  And there was a moment at Christmas when you loved me.  Both times you danced with me.  You pressed yourself against me.  You wanted me.  You loved me.  I want that tonight.  I want that every night.”
“I will love you.  You needn’t marry me.  It is a risk for you.  Marriage to an American.  I am sure it hurt Vasily’s career.  I am certain it will hurt yours.”
“I will not keep you as a mistress.  When my wife dies, I will marry you.  You will live as my wife.  In my apartment.  Our home.  You will raise Lana.  You will entertain our friends.  You will be the hostess I had hoped my wife would be.  We will spend the next thirty years watching Lana grow, marry, and give us grandchildren.  I ask one thing in return.  I ask that you love me.  I will never see fear in your eyes.  I will never have to force you.”
There was silence in the room.  Catherine studied his face.  She chose her response.
“I will wear your necklace so you always know where to find me.  At night I will let you bind by wrists so you know I will always obey you.  If we are in a room I will always move towards you, never away.  I do love you.  I have been certain of my love since Lana’s birthday.  You chose to leave work to be with us.  You showed love.  I felt your love.  I will be proud to be your wife.”
More silence.  He touched her face.  His big hands were soft.  He was gentle.
“Catherine, you are the woman I should have married thirty years ago.”
There was another long pause.  Sergei used it to play with the hair across Catherine’s face.  He held his face just above her, his eyes never leaving hers.
“Sergei, all last month I waited for the third day.  I dressed for you, and cooked for you, and waited for you.  I wanted you.  I wanted your arms around me.  I wanted you in my bed.”
They stared at each other for several minutes, then he finally asked.
“Catherine, will you marry me?”
“Yes, Sergei, I will marry you.”
Sergei lowered his face and kissed her.  Catherine spread her legs and he pushed up into her.  She felt real pleasure, and real love.


Chapter 47
Waiting in the Woods

He left before dawn.  He left her bound.  She was fine with that.  She was his.  She loved him.  She would be his wife.  She would be a good Russian wife.  She smiled at the thought. Catherine rolled over and went back to sleep.
Lana woke her soon after dawn.  She crawled up onto the bed and touched Catherine’s face.
“Mommy, can I go to school today?”
“No, we need to wait for daddy to do some things for us, then you can go.  Do you think you will like school?”
“Yes.  The teacher seemed nice.  She hugged every student.”
“Good.”
Catherine moved around under the covers.  Could she get the cloth off her wrists?  No.  She would need a knife.
“Sweetie, I need to get something out of the kitchen.  Why don’t you get dressed?”
“You need to tell me what to wear.”
“Okay, just a minute.”
Catherine started sliding toward the edge of the bed.  Lana got off and stood by the door.  Catherine used her feet to push off the covers, and then stood.  Lana saw the cloth on her wrists.
“Sometimes mommies and daddies play a game.  Daddy forgot to untie me.  Now I will just untie myself.”  
Catherine rummaged around the kitchen and pulled out drawers until she found a good knife.  Using it took time.  And she struggled in full view of Lana.  She hid what she was doing as well as she could, but Lana’s eyes never left her.  Something Sergei wanted her to see.  He could do what he wanted to mommy.  Catherine smiled while she cut herself free, making it all a joke, but Lana could see for herself.  A lesson in being a Russian woman.  What daddies could do to mommies. 
The cottage was cold.  Catherine turned the heater on, got Lana dressed, then dressed herself.  The yellow registration dresses.  If they were going to Sergei’s apartment, Catherine wanted them to look good.
Six days later, Catherine was still dressing both of them as if they would be meeting Lana’s grandmother.  Six days they took walks in the woods.  Six days they collected pretty leaves.  Six days they read and reread the two story books Catherine had thought to bring.  Six days Catherine sorted through the food Sergei had brought, and used every ounce carefully.  Six nights she slept with Lana.  Six nights she held Lana close.
Six days and nights she thought about her marriage to Sergei and convinced herself it was the right thing to do.  It settled her life in Russia.  Wife, mother, the woman who shopped and cleaned and cooked.  A Russian housewife.  It was a life she could live.  And it beat any alternative.  She would never leave Russia.  With Sergei she would have a home, and a man.  She would watch Lana grow.  She would watch Lana marry.  It would be a good life.
Sergei returned on the seventh day.  Catherine was in the kitchen boiling the last of the oatmeal – their dinner.  She and Lana both went to the door when they heard the car.  Sergei smiled and climbed the stairs, a bag in each hand.  He knelt inside the door, hugged Lana, then picked her up and hugged her and Catherine together.
“My wife.”
Catherine accepted his kiss, but studied his face.  Seven days.  What had happened?
“I have brought dinner.”  He pointed to one of the bags on the floor.  “And I have a new dress for each of you.”
Lana twisted out of his arms as he lowered her.  She went straight to the new dresses.  They were cotton, green, basic A-line skirts with half sleeves and a slightly scooped neckline.  Probably better described as “comfortable” rather than elegant or sexy.  But Lana was excited by anything Daddy brought.  Catherine helped her get into her dress, then took her own into the bedroom.  Sergei followed her in and closed the door.  He threw Catherine onto the bed and climbed on top of her.
“Catherine, do you still wish to marry me?”
“Yes.”  Catherine spread her legs and brought her arms around his neck.
“We will have one complication.”
Catherine froze.  She moved her hands to his chin and forced his face up where she could get a good look.
“What has happened?”
“She will not forgive or forget.  I offered you as nanny and as her caretaker in her final months.  No.  That Anastasia woman is just as bad.  Both are pursuing charges.  A friend tells me they will have court orders in two days.”
“I can hide here.”
“They know about this place.  Someone in my office is helping them.”
“What about another city?”
“They will find you, and you will go to jail.”
“So?”  Catherine pushed up on his chin.  She twisted her hips to slide out from under him.  He grabbed her hands and held them by her shoulders.
“I am putting you on a midnight flight to Chicago.  You will go there and wait for me.”
“Chicago?  I can’t go back to the U.S.  They will kill Vasily.  And you said they would kill me if I tried to leave.”
“Vasily will be safe.  And so will you.  What you know about us no longer matters.  Maybe it never did.  I wanted you here, so I told you to stay.”
“I have no wish to leave.  I want to stay.  I am your Russian woman.”
“You will go to prison, and you will never see Lana again.”  He paused for emphasis.  “You will go to Chicago.  You will take Lana with you.  She is your daughter.  I will visit you next month and every month until my wife dies.  Then we will marry.  In the U.S.”
“I prefer Russia.  Can we move back here after your wife dies?”
“Anastasia will still have charges brought against you.  She was in the hospital three days.  She claims permanent damage.”
“She is a liar.”
“Catherine.  You are taking Lana to Chicago at midnight.  You will put on your new dress, smile at Lana, and tell her you will have lots of fun.”
“Fuck me first.”
He did.

Chapter 48
Chicago

Besides a quick shower, a quick meal, and a review of passports and airline tickets, there was one other task.  Sergei took the heavy gold necklace from Catherine’s neck and replaced it with a gold chain holding three golden ovals in front and a heavier oval at the clasp.
“They use a different frequency in the U.S.  And I think you will find this lighter.”
“It’s prettier.  More delicate.”
“The clasp is a bit complicated, but you can get the necklace off if you wish.  With it on, I can find you.  If you take it off, it means you no longer want me.”
Catherine ran her fingers along the chain.  The necklace was close around her neck, but not constraining.
“Find me.”
“I will.  Find a church and plan our wedding.”
“Lana will help.”  Lana smiled.  Not sure what was happening, she saw her mommy and daddy were happy, so she was happy.
The airport was not nearly as empty as anyone would expect at such a late hour.  Lana seemed uncertain.  Catherine put her on her hip and told her how pretty she was in her new dress.  She seemed to calm after that.  Given his rank, Sergei was allowed to follow them through check in, and security.  He sat with them at the gate, holding Lana in his lap until it was time for them to board.  
The flight?  Eleven hours.  Business class.  Lana got a coloring book.  Catherine got Russian wine.  She switched to vodka.  The plane bounced through turbulence for about half an hour, but Lana slept through most of it.  Catherine played with Lana’s hair and kept a blanket wrapped around her.
Sleep for Catherine?  None.  Would Vasily be safe with Catherine back in the U.S.?  She decided to trust Sergei on that.  Would Sergei come for her in a month or two?  Yes.  She had his granddaughter.  And his love.  She was certain.  She had his love.  Would he actually marry her?  Maybe.  Maybe he would have second thoughts.  A Russian general.  An American woman.  It would not be a popular marriage.  She would not be certain of the marriage until they were standing at the altar.
And if they married, where would they live?  Would he retire and live in America like Vasily?  That seemed unlikely.  It would be Russia.  After his wife died.  Anastasia could be bought off.  They would move back to Moscow.  Six months.  Eight months.  His wife.  His apartment.  His friends.  Her Russian was passable.  She would keep working on it.  She could be a hostess for his parties.  She could be a general’s wife.  If they married.  When they married.
He had sent Lana with her.  Didn’t that mean he would come to her? Lana.  They both loved Lana.  That would bind them.  That would bring him to America.  That would bring all of them back to Moscow.  On that thought she was able to doze a little, one hand always on Lana.
Time zones worked down as hours rolled up.  Midnight departure, three a.m. arrival eleven hours later.  Ohare was nearly empty.  Two areas for passport checks.  One for Americans.  One for foreigners.  Catherine stood in line with the foreigners.  Passport scan.  Fingerprint scan.  Both Catherine and Lana.  Lana was only half awake and rode Catherine’s hip through the whole process.  Their bags circled the luggage ramp until Catherine could find a cart.
It was nearly four by the time Catherine made it through the last checkpoint, the last hallway, the last door.  A bus waited outside.  Chicago to Madison.  Cheap fare for international students headed to the university.  Besides passports and plane tickets, Sergei had returned Catherine’s wallet.  Seventy three U.S. dollars.  Catherine paid the fare, let the driver stash their bags, and boarded a bus that would not leave until six.  No matter.  She found a seat, wrapped her arms around Lana, and slept.
It was nearly nine by the time the bus approached the University of Wisconsin campus.  End of the line.  Catherine borrowed a phone from a very excited incoming student.  Mom and dad, both retired, were shocked, ecstatic, and immediately in the car to come get her.
Surprises when the Buick pulled to the curb fifteen minutes later?  Mom and dad did long hugs and started – but never quite finished - questions – especially about Lana.  The surprise for Catherine came when Lana looked up and said, “Hello.  I am Svetlana.  I am pleased to meet you” – in English.  Catherine’s mother immediately lunged forward to hug Lana, at which point Lana backed up against Catherine’s leg and grabbed her skirt.  Mom backed off.  Dad loaded luggage into his trunk.
Major events the rest of the day?  Big breakfast, long nap, quiet evening.  While Lana watched two Disney movies, Catherine talked through the major issues.
Vasily?  Both mom and dad had been shocked and hurt.  He had called and tried to explain.  They were still angry he had remarried so quickly.
Anya?  Gone.  Catherine couldn’t explain where or why.  Something to do with the Russian army.
Lana?  Legally adopted.  Mother dead.  Father unknown.  No, Lana would not be sleeping in the third bedroom.  Lana would be in Catherine’s bed.
Lana’s grandfather.  Russian general.  He would be coming for a visit.  They were engaged.  Marriage likely in another year.
Catherine’s parents listened, asked a few questions, chose not to ask anything complicated (like why Catherine kept marrying Russian officers, why Anya kept appearing and disappearing, how Catherine had acquired Lana), although they gave those and many other questions plenty of thought.
Their side of the conversation was mostly about how healthy and happy Catherine looked.  And how good a mother she seemed to be.  And how cute Lana was.  Ultimately they sent Catherine and Lana back to bed with long hugs, big smiles, and lots of tears.


Chapter 49
Deirdre

It took a week for Deirdre to appear.  Catherine was mostly over the jet lag.  She had enrolled Lana in a grade school two blocks away.  She had taken passports, adoption papers, and a local address with her, but enrollment was simple.  The university enrolled thousands of foreign graduate students.  Graduate students had kids.  Over fifty went to this grade school.  The principal had Lana in a classroom within half an hour.
From that point on, Catherine’s day consisted of walking Lana to school in the morning, then walking her home seven hours later.  On a very pretty fall morning she was returning home and saw the GSA car parked outside her parents’ house.  No surprise.  There would be an interview.  Maybe an interrogation.  She had been gone almost a year.  Some agency would be interested.  Maybe more than one.  That they had waited so long was a blessing.
Deidre was sitting in the living room.  Catherine’s mother sat with her, no doubt trying to make conversation.  A good mom.  A good hostess.  Deirdre sat away from the windows.  Risks on the west side of Madison were zero, but old habits never broke.  The woman was still huge.  Her arms alone had to take an hour a day in the weight room.  She had to special order all her clothing and still filled every inch of it.
They hugged.  At one time it had been a test of strength.  Not anymore.
“You got soft over there.”  Deirdre was not only wide, she stood six two.  She wrapped her arms around Catherine and held her.  
“I’m a mother now.”  She looked up at Deirdre.  She was tempted to go for a kiss, but waited.  Deirdre would indicate the purpose – and limits of the visit.
“I’d rather not disturb your mother.  Could we talk in your room?”
“Of course.”
Catherine led the way up the steps.  As soon as they were out of sight of the living room, Catherine felt a hand on her ass.  She relaxed.  She understood the meeting would be personal.
Catherine’s room still had pictures of her from her playing days, and a shelf with over a dozen trophies.  Military pictures were all from her first years in uniform.  Deirdre closed the door and took Catherine in her arms.
“I was afraid we lost you.”
“You have.  I am marrying a Russian general as soon as his wife dies.”
“Sergei Orlov.”
“Yes.”
“How is he in bed?”
Deirdre pulled Catherine’s skirt high, pushed her onto the bed, and climbed on after her.  Catherine opened her arms and welcomed her.  Positioning took a moment.  Deirdre trapped both of Catherine’s arms under her.  No resistance from Catherine.  She wanted Deirdre.  She wanted to feel Deirdre’s weight, and heat.  Deirdre slowly rolled more weight onto Catherine and stared down into her face.  Catherine looked up, waited, then complained.
“Deirdre, what happened in Amberg?  You left.  You said they might come, and they did.  But you weren’t there.  I needed you.”  
“You did fine.  You did exactly what we expected.”
“I lost Vasily.  I lost Annika and Valentina.  They were going to kill him.  Sara was not the target.  He was.”
“And you protected him.  You were phenomenal.  Maybe the bravest thing I have ever seen someone do.”
“I went back to Anya.  Her wife again.”
“Sh.  Relax and we will talk about her.  But I need you to calm down.  Let me know how this feels.”
Deirdre put her mouth on Catherine’s.  Her hand went low.  Catherine was moaning in seconds.  Deirdre slowly rolled more weight onto Catherine.  The moans became gasps.  Catherine struggled for breath.  Deirdre pressed harder, her mouth closing over Catherine’s.  Catherine couldn’t move, couldn’t shout, and couldn’t stop moaning as she felt wave after wave of heat pulse through her.  If she had been able to talk, she would have begged her to stop, and also begged her to keep going.  She felt herself melt into the bed.
Deirdre worked on Catherine for a long time before returning to her questions.
“Are you Kat, or Catherine now?”
“Catherine.  Catherine Antonov, soon to be Catherine Orlov.”
“Ok, Catherine, what happened to Anya?”
“They were angry with her.  Both St Petersburg and Moscow.  It seemed connected to Sara.  She didn’t return to Moscow in the spring.  They were surprised, then angry.  I don’t know why.”
Catherine had no idea how she could still talk.  Her voice sounded distant.  She felt Deirdre’s breath on her face, but mostly she felt her hand.
“They asked you about Sara.”
“Yes.  I told them about the book she liked.”
“Wisconsin Death Trip?”
“Yes.”
“And your time together in Amberg?”
“Yes.  They wanted to know if we had slept together.  I told them we slept together two nights.”
“Is she as good as me?”
“No.”
“What did they say about Sara?”
“They wanted her back.  They loved her first visit.   They wanted another.  I think they would have kept her.  Maybe like they kept me.  Maybe a necklace like I have.  Maybe a monitor.”  
Catherine made an effort to move.  Deirdre just rolled more weight onto her.
“I wanted her gone, Deirdre.  She was taking Anya from me.  I wanted her back in the U.S.  Good for her, good for me.  You should know Sara wasn’t forced to go to Moscow.  She wanted to go.  She and Anya were on-line friends.  On-line lovers.  The Russians didn’t have to sneak her out of the country.  She wanted to go.  I am certain of it.  She wanted to go.”
“It’s okay, Catherine.  It’s okay.  She’s fine.  And now you are fine.”
“I’m not fine.  I am so fucked up.  I am about to marry my third Russian.  What the hell is going on with me?”
Deirdre slowly stroked Catherine’s hair.  She calmed her.  She kissed her.  She watched Catherine’s eyes.
“Catherine, after Anya, you became Sergei Orlov’s lover.  Why are you attracted to him?”
“Sergei is Lana’s grandfather.  I want Lana.”
“I think you want him too.”
“Yes.  I want to marry him.  He will visit next month.  He… He makes me do things.  But I want a husband.  I have a daughter.  I want a husband.  I want him.  I never thought I would, but I do.  I want him.  As soon as his wife dies, we will marry.”
She started crying, but found it almost impossible to gasp for breath.
“More, Catherine.  Tell me more.”
“I am angry at you.  I lost Vasily and Anya and Anika, and Valentina.  I loved them.  And you made me leave them.”
“That hurt you, didn’t it.”
“I loved those girls.  And I loved Vasily.  He remarried.”
“Yes, I heard.  But it mattered.  We needed to stop that St Petersburg troll factory.  Sara filled half of Russia with the viruses on her laptop.  Viruses they stole and inserted themselves. You knew what Sara did.  Or at least suspected.  You saw her hide the real data.”
“She put her real data on a USP drive and sewed it into Valentina’s dress.  Ruffles.  She wanted ruffles on their dresses.  For Halloween.  God how I wish I had been there for Halloween.”
“And you never said anything.”  She rolled yet more weight onto Catherine.
“I will.  If they ask.  If my Russian husband asks.”
“Yes.  Tell him.  The damage has been done.  Their St Petersburg troll factory will need years to recover.”
“We’ll recover.  Russians are smart.”
Deirdre rolled more weight onto Catherine.  Got her back under control.  She held a kiss, watching her eyes, waiting.
“And now, Catherine?  Why are you here now?”
“I am waiting for his wife to die.  I belong to Sergei now.  I am a Russian woman with a Russian child.  I will be a good Russian wife.”
“Yes, you will.  After your marriage, he will take you to either Poland or the Ukraine.  You will go with him.  You will keep his house, and warm his bed, and care for his granddaughter.  Svetlana.”  She moved her hand again, and Catherine’s breath caught in her throat.
“Anya.  I worry about her.”
“She is an administrative officer in a guards regiment near Vladivostok.  She is safe.  We should have her back in two or three years.  Be good.  You will get her again.”
“But not Vasily.”
“No.  Not Vasily.”  She held Catherine and waited for her to calm.  “Catherine, Orlov is your last assignment.  Marry him.  Love him.  Be a good wife to him.  Hug Lana every night.  Be a good Russian woman.”
“Stay with me, Deirdre.  Like this.  I am begging you.  Yes.  Touch me there.  I miss you.  Hold me.  I wanted to be your wife.”
“I want that too.  I will meet you in Germany.  After he takes you to Poland or Ukraine.  We will be lovers like before.”
“I’ll be Russian then.”
“Yes, you will be.”
“God, Deirdre.  I am so fucked up.  I really will be Russian.  I am Russian now.  I will live the rest of my life married to a Russian general.  I will cook his meals and suck his dick.  And I will like it.  I will sit with him in the evening and love having his arm around me.  I will look over my shoulder and hope he is watching as I undress.  A kiss.  I will do anything for a kiss.  He holds me in the air, my feet off the ground, his knees between mine.  My god I love the feel of that.  Floating in his arms.  I love that man.  I want that man.  I want him here, now.”
“Lie still.  Kiss me.  Whisper to me.  Tell me about Sergei.  Start with your first meeting.  Take your time.  I will hold you while you talk.  I will spend all day with you.  Tell me about Sergei.  Tell me about the man you love.  Start with you very first meeting, and describe every time you were together.  Every conversation you had.  Look at me while you tell me.  Feel me while you tell me.”

Chapter 50
Orlov

Five men sat in the cottage in the woods.  Three men wore uniforms.  Orlov had the lowest rank.  He sat farthest from the heater.  Two men wore very expensive suits and held notepads in their hands.
“She will marry you?”
“Yes.  As soon as my wife dies.”
“You are sure.  She is in the U.S. now.”
Four men studied him as he answered.  One was secretly recording the meeting.  The video would be studied by experts later.  They would catch him if he were lying.  The bigger problem was ignorance.  He believed she would marry him.  But was he wrong?
“She has my granddaughter.  Svetlana is everything to her.  Forty seven and finally a mother.  She will do anything for Lana – and for me.”
“True?”  One of the uniforms looked at the suits.  Both nodded.
“But they should marry soon.”  One suit explained.  The other nodded.  “She walks her child to school every morning.  There are many other foreign families there, and that helps.  But soon she will begin to see herself as an American mother with an American child attending an American school.  She merges with her environment.  She will merge with this one too.”
“How long?”
“Weeks, not months.  Give her time to renew her intelligence contacts, get revalidated, then get her out.”
“I still disagree with this new plan.”  The oldest general leaned forward.  He waited.  He hated interruptions.  He would say nothing more until he was sure he could complete his argument.  He continued when he saw all the others ready to listen.
“Orlov, with your marriage to this woman, you will be granted permanent residence in the U.S.  That’s why we originally wanted her back there.  You marry her there.  You keep Lana in school there.  You will have easy access to any network we build.  Why give that up?”
He had made his argument multiple times.  And multiple times the suits had disagreed.  This time the other uniform risked disagreeing.
“We have a dozen agents who can collect information.  None have access to the NSA.  Sergei’s wife does.  Bring her to Poland.  Bring her to Estonia or the Ukraine.  Tell her things.  Let her tell her friends.  The plan is perfect.  Sergei gets laid, and the NSA gets screwed.”
There was general laughter.  All five men were already thinking of who they would share the joke with.  It was a good line.  A combination of dirty joke and political joke.  “Sergei gets laid, and the NSA gets screwed.”  It sounded so good.  It guaranteed this new plan would be implemented.
“My wife won’t be dead in weeks.  Doctors tell me six to eight months.”  Sergei opened his hands as if to say, “nothing I can do.”
“She will die in three weeks.”  The uniform raised his hand when he saw Sergei start to object.  “She will die on paper.  We put her in an ambulance and take her to a private clinic.  She gets care, and plenty of drugs for the pain.  Whether she lives six months, eight months, or a year, does not matter.  Her death certificate will say she died three weeks from now.  You will be free to marry.”
“You should be in America when it happens.”  The suits took over.
“Yes.  Go next week.  Meet the parents.  Then take her away.  Isolate her.  Speak only Russian.  Talk of your wedding.  Put her in bridal shops.  Buy her a dress.”
“And involve Svetlana.  She helps her mother pick a dress.  She gets a new white dress too.  Let her pick the flowers Catherine will carry at the wedding.  Involve her.”
“When you learn of your wife’s death, be respectful.  Find a few good things to say.  Then set the wedding.  It should be where her parents live.  It is important they be there.  They need to recognize you as her new husband.  And she needs to see her parents approve.”
“Then get her out of America.”
“I can’t bring her back here.”  Orlov objected.  “I told her an old lady was pursuing charges.”
Everyone looked at the uniforms.
“Poland.  I have work for you in Poland.  Take her to Warsaw.  Buy her a ball gown.  She can mix and mingle at embassy dinners.  She may hear useful things.  And we can begin to tell her the stories we want her to pass on.”
There were more travel details to address, and additional analysis of her mental state, but Sergei had heard what mattered most.  He would have Catherine much sooner than he had expected.  He would have her on her back and on her knees.  She would marry him.  He wanted that.  He wanted her.  He drove back to Moscow a very happy man. 


Chapter 51
Lana

Kindergarteners had their own playground.  Everything smaller, safer.  But still exciting to Lana.  At recess she raced out to the jungle gym, ponytail flying from side to side, always the first to climb to the top.  There she and two other girls stood above their domain and made lofty observations.
“My mommy was a soldier.  Now she is a mommy.”  Lana was the first to the top of the equipment, so she was the first to make her morning announcement.
“My mommy makes cookies.”  Girl number two was a little bigger than Lana, but also a bit slower.
“My mommy paints flowers.” 
Girl number three reached the top, the three of them now commanding one half of the top layer.  Two boys came up the other side.  The boy side.  They stood for a moment, then climbed back down and raced to the swings.
Several girls stood together at the bottom of the gym speaking another language.  Lana recognized the language.  She chose not to speak it.  She was an American.  Her mommy was an American.  They spoke English.
“My grandmother makes cookies.  We live on Elm Street.”  She pointed.
Both the other girls pointed toward their homes.  They were a bit brave.  They held to the top bar with one hand and pointed with their other hand, reaching out and laughing.  Other comments were made.  Not so much a conversation as isolated observations.  Streams of consciousness.  Verbalizations of what they saw or felt at the moment.  In between their comments they hung from the top bar either by their hands or by the back of their knees.
Recess passed and the teachers called them back inside.  They sat in a big circle.  Lana sat with her American friends.  The Russian girls sat together.  All the children had small books on their laps.  The teacher sat on the floor with them and read some words, then held her book up high for all the children to see the words and the picture on her page.  The children matched the page on their own books.  They turned pages when the teacher turned hers.
Lana knew the words.  She had been confused the first morning.  American words had different letters.  But her mommy was good at English.  She held her in her lap all evening and helped Lana with the sounds of the letters.  The second morning Lana could read with the teacher.  And she laughed when sometimes the teacher forgot a word.  She would say, “Oh, did I forget something?”  And all the kids would shout out the word.  All the American kids.  All the foreign kids looked, and waited, and then said the word after the American kids.  After Lana.
At nap time Lana would roll out her mat.  Some days she would sleep.  Some days she would lie awake and think about her little bed in the forest, and her little bed across from the park.  And she would smile about her big bed at her grandmother’s house.  She had a grandmother and a grandfather now.  And her American mommy.  Lana loved America.


Author’s Note:
Wisconsin Death Trip was published in 1973 by Michael Lesy.   It is based on newspaper accounts of life in northwestern Wisconsin in the 1890s.  While we often refer to that decade as the “Gay Nineties,” clearly it wasn’t very gay for rural communities.  While the book describes a period over a century ago, and the book itself is now fifty years old, farm life in Wisconsin is still difficult.  Family farms are largely being replaced by corporate farms.  Dairy farmers who milked a hundred cows have gone under, replaced by corporations milking thousands.  Rural towns whose businesses depended upon farm families have shrunk.  Rural communities might well think Wisconsin is still on a death trip.
