Chapter One
Dreams & Reality

Lance didn’t realize he was through the doorway until he had already stepped into the darkness. Part of him knew he was dreaming—that loose, airy feeling was clouding the top of his head, where his thoughts used to be. And part of him was lost in the current moment, taking this reality as absolute truth. Because who wouldn’t be at least a little bit scared stepping into a room with no visible walls or flooring, slowly moving towards a spotlight in the center of this flat void?
His fear only lasted for a few moments, quickly overtaken by the fact that he had to keep moving. There was something in the center of that spotlight, wrapped in a bundle of sky blue cloth. Shaped like a baby, almost. Lance knew he needed to move towards it, keep moving no matter what. An existence—not just his own, but another’s as well—depended on it. So, he moved.
It was slow progress—at times, incredibly painful. His feet felt like they’d been placed inside cement blocks, forcing a massive pain to both legs as he continued dragging himself forward. Getting closer to whatever that object wrapped in blue was.
The weights left him as he neared the spotlight, causing a stumble he quickly recovered from. His shoe rested at the edge of the light, never breaking the perfect circle it cast. Lance kept staring at the bundle of cloth, and at the same moment the desire to step forward came to mind, he was suddenly in the center of the circle, the object gone.
He looked up, not blinded by the light shining down on him. He felt something against his skin—not air, but an energy. Orange-red; that’s the color that came to mind. This energy moved around him, gently traveling down his neck before parting to swirl around his shoulders, down his arms. With this warmth curling around the tips of his fingers, Lance closed his eyes, listening to the energy, feeling it pulse with the beat of his own blood. The brightness above him increased, heating up his skin.
Pressure came to his tailbone; a tingling feeling that felt like he had an itch. But then his spine moved, the small tail poking against the inside of his skin. The point suddenly broke through, taking the rest of his spine with it. Lance dropped to all fours, his back deflating as his tail-spine thrashed about, flinging blood out into the open air. What was happening? What in the hell was happening?
Welcome to the new you, a voice said, speaking in both his mind and beside his ear.
He stayed on the floor, struggling for composure as the light above him heated until his skin burnt. That energy came forth, caressing his face as his eyes shut tighter, trying to block everything out. 
Just escape, he told himself. Just don’t let anything in.
The light shattered and his body jerked upright, the springs of his bed echoing below him. The silence of his room grew a little clearer, a little louder but Lance could still hear the fading sound of the spotlight exploding.
Another nightmare.
He fell back, head hitting the pillow once again. Sweat had soaked through, and he could feel more on the mattress below him, the sheets above. He kept breathing, currently not caring about the hygiene. He just focused on moving his lungs, calming the rapid pace of his heart.
He thought of a beat—four-four. Slow enough. The counts repeated in his mind, foot unconsciously tapping along. 
He breathed again, letting the air out of his mouth. 
Keep repeating, he told himself. Just keep counting.
One, two, three, four...
His heart was slowing down, matching the pace his mind was setting. He pulled in another breath, forcing himself to hold it for a measure before letting it out. When he did, his heart had slowed enough to match every other count. He kept breathing, foot keeping the pace as he thought back.
This nightmare had been haunting him for the past two weeks, and still he didn’t understand any of it. It wasn’t the average dream, either. In the beginning, part of him felt lucid and then, suddenly, things would shift as though all of him was completely taken by that world. Like it was perfectly normal to be headed across an endless void, walking towards a spotlight where some bundle of cloth was waiting for him to not pick it up.
He ran his fingers through his hair, palm pressing against his forehead. He opened his eyes, his palm covering half of his vision, blocking out the view of his ceiling. The spotlight part he could understand, being a musician. But the blue cloth, that weird energy, the tail? He didn’t have a clue.
Lance sat up, feeling his arms ache at the movement. He moved his legs, trying to slide the sheets off with minimal effort. It didn't work, forcing him to move his hands and pick the sheets off. Even that hurt to do; he could feel the soreness in the bones of his fingers this time.
It was strange. Normally he wasn't this sore, but maybe all these nights were starting to catch up with him. The performance his band gave tonight was probably beginning to take its toll, too.
He leaned forward, moving his arms just enough to pull the shirt off his back. The damp fabric momentarily clung to his skin, protesting for a moment. Then the cloth gave way, allowing him to weakly slip the shirt over his head, slide his arms out one by one.
He dragged the shirt to the edge of his bed, letting the wet fabric slip from his fingertips and onto the floor. Lance yawned a little, stretching his eyes wider for a moment. It felt like he’d barely gotten any sleep—what time was it? 
Leaning back to retrieve his phone from the small nightstand, he squinted past the brightness of his screen—3:33am. He’d only been home and asleep for about two hours. 
Lance looked down, seeing a few notifications displayed below the time. A few late-night texts and a calendar notification—440 days until “Move Out”. 
He sighed. 440 days was way too long of a wait.
A movement of his finger shut the screen off again, the brightness leaving behind a parade of dancing colors. Lance tried to blink past them as he set his phone down, habit drawing his stare to the wall opposite of him. He froze for a second when he saw his guitar was no longer there, but then he remembered; he’d set the guitar by the door of his room when he stumbled in, too exhausted to put it in the usual spot. Safely in the gig bag. Everything was fine.
The colors created by the brightness of his phone began to finally fade away, and when one of them remained, Lance looked to the red dot shining across the room. The light of his practice amp was still on, which was strange. He had played for a bit the night before, after he couldn’t fall back asleep, but it was practically a reflex for him to turn the amp off after he was done. He stared at the light. 
Why are you still on?
His mind dismissed the question after a moment’s thought, palm rising to rub the corner of his eye as he stood up, feeling his legs protest. The aches from the dreams weren’t anything new, but the pain from the show they’d finished playing a handful of hours ago was definitely beginning to settle in. He’d have trouble walking tomorrow morning, he was sure of it.
He leaned down, switching off the amp. The click of his speakers reverberated into the silence, something about the sound calming Lance a bit more. He straightened, suddenly feeling fatigued. More so than usual. He turned around, dragging his feet back to bed.
“Wait.”
Lance froze, hand still positioned at his hair. That wasn’t someone’s voice he’d just heard, was it?
“I know this is gonna sound crazy but you need to get out of there.”
Frantically, he turned around, searching for the voice. But the walls were way too dark; he couldn’t see anything.
“There’s someone very dangerous coming for you, and if they find you, it’s not going to be good—for either of us.”
He clicked on his lamp. Light flooded into the room, and quickly his eyes began sweeping the walls, the floor, the ceiling. No recorder, no wires trying to hide anywhere. Nothing. And as he looked around, he couldn’t pin-point the location of the voice, either.
It spoke again, seeming to be coming from every direction at once.
“Sorry for freaking you out like this. I wish I could help in some other way, but this is all I can do for now. I’m pretty short on time, too..."”
Lance waited, trying hard to think passed all the panic. Counting was out of the question to calm himself down.
“If you see this face, run."
His vision was overtaken by an image. A face. Narrow, oval-shaped, with yellow eyes and blue hair. The ears were pointed as well—severely sharp.
The sight faded, flashing for a few moments as Lance stared at his bright room again. The time he had spent calming himself before was totally wasted; he felt like he'd had that nightmare all over again.
"This isn't real," he said to himself. His head moved, shaking from side to side and feeling the muscles in his neck ache. "This isn't real..."
"Remember what I said about getting out."
Lance looked up. The voice had faded, but the strange presence it had created still lingered. He tried to breathe, focusing on moving his lungs. He brought his hands to the back of his neck, interlocking his fingers as he looked down, focusing on the pressure. He wasn’t crazy... There had to be a viable reason for this; voices just don’t come out of nowhere.
Unless you’re fucking crazy.
He ignored the thought, looking around again. But he could easily see everything in his room—there wasn’t any place for anything or anyone to be hiding.
A chill shot down his back at the thought of someone watching him sleep. He fought back the idea, shaking his head again. This was just some kind of prank. Someone set up a recorder and broke into his house—
God dammit. He needed to focus. This was just getting way too weird...
He looked up and searched his room once more, walking around this time. Nothing under the bed, as childish as it was too even look... And nothing in the closet, either. He rested his head against the closet’s entrance, one hand still on the mirror door. He pushed the door away, hearing it slide and gently bang against the other wall. At least he knew the source of that noise...
His eyes opened. For a long time, he stared at the darkness of the closet’s wall, thinking. Hearing that voice repeat inside his head, playing the memory again.
“You’ve got someone coming for you.”
“Sorry for freaking you out like this.”
Lance closed his eyes, a headache forming. So, what, in addition to possibly being a figment of his imagination, this thing had a conscience too?
He didn’t understand any of this. He didn't know if he would ever be able to figure it out.
Going crazy was beginning to look very much like a possibility.

_________________________

Of all days he didn’t want to deal with her, this was definitely one of them.
It had already been hard enough getting downstairs with the pain in his muscles making it feel like his legs were going to fall off. Add that to being hit with the stench of coffee and expensive perfume and he could already tell it was going to be a really wonderful morning.
She sat with her back to him, hair dyed a deeper shade of red than the last time he’d seen it and tied back into a bun. Professional, always professional. He didn’t want to deal with any of it today.
He moved, walking past the stair banister and into the entrance room. Her voice drifted to him as he bent down to pick up his backpack.
“You should have something to eat before you leave.”
“Not hungry,” he responded.
Lisa remained quiet; the only sound she made was turning another page in the business section of the newspaper. It was always the business section. He heard the sound of a mug being set onto the table.
“I made you a cup,” his mother said. “You seemed tired when you came home last night.”
“I didn’t know you were up,” Lance said, speaking the truth.
“I always wait up for you.”
That made him feel a little guilty. He looked down, thinking for a moment as he swung his backpack over his shoulder, holding it by the small loop on top. With the other hand, he wiped at his eyes, trying to rid himself of the fatigue before slipping his hand into the pocket of his jeans. Lance cleared his throat.
“Thanks,” he said.
He saw Lisa nod, another page of the newspaper turning. His stare went to the coffee she had set down beside her, watching the steam curl as it floated away from the top of the cup. He did need something to wake him up; he couldn’t run on empty. Not with last night’s memories threatening to resurface. 
Lance moved to take the cup off the table, gripping its hot handle. 
“Sit down.” The words were kind; she was trying to be friendly. “You have a while before you have to leave, don’t you?”
Lance looked up to the clock on the wall, watching its sophisticated, thin hands continue to tick. She was right; he had more than a few minutes to spare. But he was more than a little hesitant, especially standing next to her like this. Was this the “pretend like nothing happened” part of their cycle?
He took the long way around to the other side of the table, alternating his stare between the hot coffee and seeing his mother's face for the first time in a few days. She looked tired. He probably didn’t look any better.
Lance took the seat across from her, not bothering to scoot closer to the table. For a moment, he watched her, trying to figure out why she kept this cycle going. She glanced up, meeting his eyes briefly before he looked away, taking a sip of coffee. He held the liquid on his tongue, fighting the urge to spit it out from both the heat and taste. Did she put anything in this besides water and beans?
He swallowed it down, morphing the sound of disgust into a series of coughs.
“Hope you’re not sick,” Lisa commented.
“No.” This coffee’s rancid.
Lisa only glanced at him again, tired eyes turning back to the newspaper as she flipped to another page. He almost made small talk, almost actually wanted to ask how the stocks were. But he shook the urge back, taking another swallow of coffee. How did she drink this stuff?
“How’s school going?”
“Fine.”
Her lips curved into the slightest of smiles. “Another year-and-a-half and you’ll be graduating. I can’t believe it.”
Lance looked down at his coffee. “Yeah...”
“You’ve been doing okay? It’s been a while since I’ve even seen you...”
Wonder whose fault that is. The words were on his tongue; he almost said them. But then his mother had to speak again.
“With the hours you’ve been coming home lately, you might as well be dating someone. You’re not seeing any girls, are you?”
A face flashed into his mind. Lance stood, placing the mug on the table. He grabbed his backpack from the floor. 
“I gotta go.”
“Alright.” Lisa’s voice was soft.
He started around the kitchen island, taking the long way again as she continued speaking.
“I... Guess I’ll see you later then.”
Don’t even try to keep guilt-tripping me! He almost said this, the words behind clenched teeth. But the memories from a week ago, a morning similar to this one played in his head. How she had yelled at him for “throwing his life away” on some “wishful thinking.” That musicians were really just at the bottom of the career food chain, and most of them were starving artists.
She’d broken the dish she was cleaning, just to accentuate her point.
The original spiel was loud and clear, Mom, he thought. It has been for years.
“Lance?”
Thinking back had gotten his blood pumping again. He relaxed the hand that had clenched itself into a fist, reminding himself what that fight had taught him. He wasn’t going to be like her. He was so tired of getting angry.
“Yeah, Mom?” he asked, turning around to see the back of her head again.
She set her own mug on the table, near the newspaper.
“Take a jacket, will you? It’ll be cold outside.”
He looked to his left, seeing the coat rack stare back at him. The same jacket he’d worn yesterday was hung, and he hadn’t even remembered taking it off. He barely remembered wearing it before their gig started.
He almost reached forward. If he took it... Was he accepting some kind of unspoken peace treaty? Was the slate clean, or was it just starting yet another cycle for them?
His hand reached out, hooking underneath the thick fabric of the hood. He pulled the hoodie towards him, resolving that even if he was starting a new cycle, maybe this time would be the last.
“Yeah,” he said, finally responding to her.
440 days. He could do this.

____________

Over the past week, he’d drowned himself in music.
He had booked more gigs than usual for them, reaching out to other surrounding cities. Ones they didn’t normally play at. But his friends understood, both the drive for the band’s sake and his deteriorating relationship with his mom. During the times his friends weren’t playing with him—paid performances or not—Lance had occupied himself with acoustic shows. Playing in coffee shops, playing outside, but never for money, of course. The back of his mind told him his mother would have a field day if she ever found out about him playing for money on the street.
Still, some guy tried to tip him once, and when Lance had stepped back, shaking his head as he kept singing, the man returned his smile. The stranger stepped forward, threading a twenty-dollar bill in the strings of the acoustic’s headboard, and Lance could only respond with a kind nod.
Lance closed his eyes, listening to the heavy speed of guitars and an explosion of a triple bass pedal over the hum of his car’s engine. This thing was so old; it was amazing it was still running. Someone honked behind him, bringing his eyes ahead. Still stuck at the same traffic light. He glanced to the rear-view mirror, not seeing anything of interest. Just some mom yelling at her kids. He turned away, bowing his head and running a hand through his hair. He looked to the left, watching people begin to filter onto the street’s crosswalk. Another thirty seconds of waiting, at least.
The song playing from his speakers ended, the light harmonics of an acoustic taking its place. This was a song he’d covered before... He suddenly remembered the day of the week, and the anger instantly gave way to disappointment. He had an acoustic gig at one and he’d forgot his guitar at home. Dammit. His forehead met the steering wheel, feeling the beginnings of a headache coming on. Second one today.
He blocked out the memories of last night. A horn honked behind him. Lance looked up, seeing the space between him and the cars ahead. He started driving again, elbow on the edge of the passenger seat as the car behind him honked again, slamming on the horn this time. Lance tightened his fist, resisting the urge to flip off the driver.
440 days.
When he finally reached the school’s parking lot, he shut the door a bit harder than he should’ve. He instantly turned, leaning against the door and pressing his palms to his forehead. Just a few hours, and he could leave for lunch and the acoustic gig. Skip his useless last period. He could do this.
“Um, Lance?”
He looked to his left, seeing an unfortunately familiar face. She smiled at him, golden hair swooping over one eye. With a terribly fake giggle, she pushed the strands behind her ear.
“Sorry for popping up like this. I know you’re probably busy writing music... I just saw you drive up and wanted to give you this.” She extended the letter in her hand, holding it out for him.
Not another one. He wondered exactly how long she had waited for him to pull up.
“Yeah, thanks.” 
He took the letter between two fingers, stomach twisting at the fact that she had sealed the back with an actual wax stamp. Getting official with it, this time.
“You’re so welcome!” She clasped her hands together, swinging a little. “It’s always really great to talk with you like this.”
He gave the most minimal sound of agreement, not even listening as he searched above her head, looking around the parking lot.
“You see Cal anywhere?”
She soured, turning behind her shoulder to look. “Yeah, he’s doing some stupid spectacle in front of the school. Probably gonna break his leg again.” 
He slipped past her, muttering a half-conscious word of thanks. She called after him with an overly excited reply. Something about calling her later, too.
440 more days...
Cal was definitely at the front of the school; Lance would’ve recognize that spiky dumb head of blonde hair anywhere. Even if it was balancing on a skateboard on top of the stairway’s cement banister. As Lance approached the back of the small crowd that had gathered, he saw a flash of bright green fly towards Cal. With a quick sweep of the arm, Cal blocked the tennis ball and immediately raised his hand to point.
“Hey! Don’t you be tryin’ to interrupt this! I see you back there, Jennifer!”
Lance barely held back a laugh as he stopped at the back of the crowd. He only had to reach out and tap one person on the shoulder in order to get the attention of those around him. They parted as he moved forward, slipping past people and soon breaking through to the circle they’d created. A very hard cushion of cement, in case Cal fell.
Cal noticed him as he approached, throwing his arms out to the side. Despite the large gesture, Cal remained relatively balanced.
“Yo, Lance! What is up, man?”
“Hey.” Lance stopped a few feet away, looking down to the skateboard as it continued teetering. “Been a while since you’ve ridden, huh?”
“Damn straight.” Cal leaned back further, and Lance felt the muscles in his shoulders tense. “Still got the moves, though.”
Lance grinned. Cal glanced down again, and Lance heard the grin his voice as he spoke.
“Nice bedhead. Didn’t know you liked me enough to copy my style.”
Lance shuffled a hand through his hair, slightly embarrassed at how messed up it was. 
“Ah, thanks. Thinking we should go for more of a punk sound from now on. Change things up a bit.”
Cal laughed. “Been there, done that.” He leaned back even more. “That’s where we got our roots!”
The crowd cheered—whether it was from whatever Cal was saying or the fact that he was probably going to fall over at any second, Lance didn’t know. He watched his friend look up, raising his arms to the crowd like a minister giving a church sermon.
“My people! Are you not entertained?”
They cheered more. Lance briefly wondered where the hell any sort of faculty staff member was. He noticed Cal look down at him again, lowering his arms to his sides.
“Alright, grand finale,” Cal said. “Hold the board, will ya? I’m gonna see if I can balance on top.”
Lance ignored the rising fear that came with complete recklessness and slipped the backpack off his shoulder, letting it drop to the ground beside him as he stepped closer. He rested one hand on the back of the board, preparing to ground it to the surface it was on. He put his other hand to the front wheels that were balancing in the air.
“This isn’t going to work,” Lance said. “If you fall on me, I’ll fucking kill you.” He ignored the cheers this brought from the crowd.
“Ah, words from our childhood,” Cal sighed. “Brings back memories.”
“Broken bones and ‘I told you so’s.”
“Write that down when we’re done,” Cal said, snapping a finger at him. “New song title.”
Lance rolled his eyes. His attention snapped back as he felt Cal’s foot move away from the front of the skateboard, most of his weight on the back.
“You got it?”
Lance tightened his hold, balancing the skateboard as Cal momentarily set his foot back on it. “Yeah, I got it.”
“Alright, good.”
Cal’s foot left the board again, and suddenly a voice from the crowd rang out.
“Hey, man! You better not be breakin’ my board!”
“Ah, calm your tits, Tyler,” Cal replied with a wave of the hand. “I’m not breakin’ your board.” He grinned, briefly glancing to Lance. “If anything happens, Lance’ll cover the cost, right, bud?”
“Yeah, right,” Lance replied, faking the annoyance. “If anything happens, it’s coming out of your cut from the next show.”
“Well, we’ll see how great you losers are without a drummer!”
Lance grinned, knowing he was just joking. He saw Cal’s upper foot shift again, preparing to step. Cal spoke again, addressing the entire crowd this time.
“And now, with the help of my lovely assistant, I will attempt to balance on the very top of this completely unbreakable skateboard! Watch, and be amazed!”
Cal leaned all his weight back, Lance helping to guide the board until it was almost completely straight. All at once, Cal stepped up onto the edge as Lance tilted it.
“What is going on here? You two!”
Cal’s foot slipped, and Lance only saw a flash of movement before gravity slammed him against the ground. His hands tried to brace the impact of Cal landing on him, but this really only resulted in him getting a mouthful of his friend’s sweatshirt.
He was already sore before this happened; this wasn’t helping.
Familiar, mad laughter came from on top of him. He felt the weight begin to leave, easing some of the pressure on his body.
“Lance, how could you?” Cal was scolding, picking himself off of Lance. “You have absolutely no respect for authority or the safety rules they’ve emplaced! I’m utterly disappointed!”
Lance could only grin, grabbing the hand as it was offered to him. You’re a total nutbag.
His foot shifted back, helping him regain balance as he stood up and let go of Cal. His stare turned to the teacher who was barking at them. Something about heading to the principal’s office.
Lance sighed. At least they’d probably miss their first period. Good timing, too; he hadn’t even gotten the answers for the test they were supposed to be taking. Cal walked with him as they trailed behind the staff member; some teacher he didn’t recognize. The crowd was dispersing quickly, the kids that were probably carrying drugs on them walking away the fastest.
He looked away, a single part of his mind focusing on the cluster of voices. Trying to decipher them all, see if any sounded familiar. If any sounded like that voice that was in his room...
“Hey.”
Lance pulled his focus away, looking towards Cal. He kept the fear off his face, noticing Cal was poking him with a folded piece of paper. The answers to today’s history test, in case they got back in time.
With his stare on the back of the teacher’s head, Lance took the paper between two fingers, refolding it before slipping it into the pocket of his jacket.
They reached the principal’s office fairly quickly; only about a minute of Lance's brain being on autopilot. They were led into a waiting room, and Lance’s mind began to come back to him as he sat down in one of the black chairs, a crunch of paper accompanying him. 
He leaned over, pulling a narrow envelope out of his back pocket.
Ah, shit.
“No way!” The letter was snatched out of his hand, torn open instantly. “I can’t believe she gave you another one!”
Lance put his hands to his face, pushing them up and through his hair. Cal flicked the paper open a bit more before putting a fist to his mouth and clearing his throat, erasing the grin from his face. He began reading in a high-pitched voice.
“‘My dearest Lance...’”
Lance pulled out his phone, opting to distract himself from listening as much as possible. As the letter continued on, he heard a change in their background noise; he looked up, seeing the secretary stop typing to give a worried look to both of them. Oh, God... Did she think Cal was confessing to him?
Lance bowed his head enough for his hand to slip over his eyes, waiting for the letter to be over with. Why... Why would she write another one? The first was bad enough.
“‘And remember that time you looked at me from across the cafeteria? I thought I was going to die, I was so nervous.’“ This line was accompanied by open-handed taps on his arm from Cal.
Never mind; this letter was even worse.
Finally, Cal stopped reading. Lance looked back to his phone, listening as Cal spoke again.
“She even signed it, too! Jesus, what the fuck!” He flipped the document over, not seeing anything more. Shaking his head, he turned it back over. “On such official paper, too. Who even has shit like this lyin’ around?”
“Her Dad’s probably a lawyer or something,” Lance replied. He was scrolling through the band’s social media page, stopping to check comments and type out friendly replies.
“Yeah?” Cal asked. “Your mom got paper like this?”
“Probably.” He typed a little faster, trying to block out thoughts of her.
“You should write a rejection letter on it. Say, ‘No, bitch. Sorry. Already got a girlfriend that lives way too far away.’”
“She’s not my girlfriend.” The reply was automatic by now.
He heard the grin in Cal’s voice. “Cassie’s kind of your girlfriend.”
“Stop.”
“Sorry. Sore spot,” Cal sighed, resting his elbow on Lance’s shoulder. “It’s a tough world out there, bud’. Don’t worry; she’ll come back soon. She visits when she can.”
Lance stared at the screen of his phone, not seeing anything of interest anymore. He raised his hand, wiping the fatigue from his eyes.
“Yeah,” he said quietly.
The waiting room was quiet, the only sound the slow typing of the secretary’s fingers hitting the keyboard too hard. To his right, behind the door that led to the hallway, he heard students begin to filter past. Voices mingling together as they walked by.
One of them almost sounded like—
He stood, heart speeding up. His eyes searched passed faces, seeing no one that could fit the voice he had heard last night. The memory repeated, pieces of it playing again.
“You’ve got someone coming for you.”
The door to his left opened and Lance jumped. Only the principal walking out of his office, stopping to wait for them. Lance noticed Cal staring, concern written on his face.
“Jesus, man, what the fuck’s wrong with you?”
Lance immediately shook his head. “Nothing. I’m fine.”
The principal sighed loudly, turning to his secretary. “This isn’t a drug thing, is it?”
His assistant shook her head, almost looking as tired as Lance felt. “No, sir... Just some reckless behavior at the front of the school.”
“Oh.” The principal turned back. “Okay. Not that that makes it any better, of course. Still very dangerous violations—that you both should be very ashamed of.”
Cal leaned back, throwing his head to the ceiling. “Can we go now?”
Lance nearly smiled, but the emotion was quickly extinguished by the fatigue beginning to wear him down. He blocked out the thoughts his mind was trying to cycle through. He couldn’t do anything now, not here. Not when he was this exhausted and this freaked out; his heart was still trying to calm down.
Some question the principal had asked was hanging in the silence around them. Lance looked to the secretary, seeing her sigh and place the side of her head into one open hand.
“Whoever started it, go in first.”
Lance returned to his seat, giving a sigh of relief. He waited, and when Cal didn’t move, Lance turned to see his friend staring at him.
“What?” Cal asked. “I didn’t start it.”
For the first time that day, Lance laughed. The side of his head found the wall, eyes closing. “Cal,” he said, still laughing, “just get in the room.”
“Why should I?” Cal turned to the principal, who wore a face of someone who had completely given up. “He told me to do it. Threatened to hurt my dog, even. Horrible person, really.”
“You don’t even have a dog,” Lance commented.
“And a liar, too! Sir, this is an outrage, and I would never associate myself with such a—”
The principal curled a finger, motioning to Lance. “You. I’ll take you first. It’s too early in the morning to deal with him.”
“Yeah, good choice.” Lance stood up, walking past Cal before immediately stumbling over a foot.
“Fuckin’ suck up,” Cal muttered through a grin.
“Language!” the secretary barked.
As Lance walked through the doorway of the principal’s office with a grin, Cal’s reply followed him, voice both alarmed and flustered.
“You were like half-asleep two seconds ago! How are you so alert, is that like some kind of trigger word for you?”
The door swung shut, and Lance turned to see the principal standing beside him. He was a big man with horrible posture. Definitely ape-like. Lance watched him turn, ambling towards his desk. Something faintly smelled like stale Cheetos, and Lance wasn't totally sure how he knew what that smelled like.
“Take a seat.”
Lance sat down as the principal thumbed through a short file.
“Fairly clean record,” the man was saying. “Nothing recent, except for this.” He briefly glanced up, like that was supposed to be intimating. “You had some issues in middle school, though.”
Lance cleared his throat. “Yeah.” That’s when everything started. With Mom.
“A few outbursts, few class disruptions with your friend out there.”
Lance nodded along. He remembered.
“Got caught trying to skip class.”
Lance nodded again. He still had the scars from it.
The principal stared at him for a moment, almost like he wanted to chastise how casual Lance was acting. He let out a small breath instead, turning back to the folder and continuing on.
“Nothing real big until this. Someone really could’ve gotten hurt out there, you know that?”
Lance shrugged, figuring he’d just bullshit his way out of this one. “Yeah, but they didn’t.”
“Really?” He raised a thick finger to the side of his face, below his eye. “That little mark on your face tells me differently.”
“That’s from something else.”
“You do this kind of stuff a lot?”
“No.” Unless you count crowd-surfing off of balconies and landing on another, bigger crowd... His mouth twitched into a grin at the memory of last night’s show.
The principal leaned forward, squinting at him through the lens of his glasses. Lance instantly wiped the smile off his face.
“Somethin’ funny, Lance?”
“No. No, sir. There’s nothing funny about this.”
The big man across from him leaned back, chair sounding at the shift of his weight.
“Good,” he said. “Now let’s talk about this incident.”
From then on, the principal’s voice became background noise. Lance’s focus drew inwards, thoughts coming to him as if they were traveling through quicksand. His eyes drooped closed, feeling the quicksand in his mind begin to pull his conscious down.
“What are you still doing there?”
He jolted awake.
“I told you to go! I thought my initial warning would be enough.”
The principal was speaking to him, words beginning as the voice’s ended. 
“You okay, kid? You look like you’ve seen a ghost.”
Lance was breathing heavily, pulling the air in through his mouth. He closed his eyes, focusing on trying to calm himself down. He thought of a rhythm; three-three. But the voice was still here.
"God..." A sound of frustration came; like someone flicking their lower lip with their front teeth. “Bad way. Really bad way to go about this. I can’t reach you any other way, though...”
“You hear that?” Lance asked, voice rising. “Tell me you’re hearing that!”
The principal stared at him.
“You sure you’re not on drugs, kid?”
“The voice!” Lance was screaming now, still gripping the arms of the chair. “You don’t hear that voice?”
He was met with another moment of silence before the principal’s beefy finger pressed a button on his desk phone.
“Get a school medic in here, please.”
“Right away, sir. I can hear him screaming from here.”
The finger was released, the principal speaking a moment later. “We got someone comin’. Hang tight, kid. Try not to break anything.”
Memories flashed again. There’s someone coming for you.
His legs kicked out, pushing against the front of the desk and sending his chair over. Lance scrambled backwards, hearing that voice again. Ringing loud and clear from every direction.
“Dammit. I shouldn’t have done this. Hold on; let me think for a moment.”
“Since when can voices think?” Lance yelled back.
“Okay.” The voice was quieter now. More centered... Like it was inside his mind. “I’m in your head now but don’t—” Lance felt his limbs scrambling again, trying to force himself up. He suddenly stopped, relaxing and splaying out onto the floor. “Don’t freak out. We can do this. I’m not the enemy here. I’m trying to help.”
“Trying to help with what?” Lance yelled again, unable to calm himself down.
He couldn’t move his body, and despite the pace of his heart, his breathing was relatively calm.
“It’s a long story, and hopefully I can explain it to you later. I just need to get you out of here for a while, alright?”
“No!” Lance responded. “Not alright! What the fuck is going on?”
“I’m going to release my influence on your muscles. I need you to start moving when I do, okay?”
Lance felt the tension binding him suddenly release. He picked himself off the floor, feet slipping out from the speed. He turned around, suddenly seeing Cal holding the door open, standing there with wide eyes. He looked like he was terrified.
“Get moving. Don’t worry about your friend; he’ll be alright.”
And yet, something was rooting Lance still. He couldn’t move; he was still trying to figure out why he needed to. Why he was even hearing this voice in the first place...
“We don’t have time to stand around like this! Get moving or I’m doing it for you!”
“Lance...” Cal said. “You alright, man?”
Lance couldn’t reply. He didn’t know what to say. Suddenly, a space deep within his chest was pushed forward then pulled back, as though his own energy was being pushed a few inches away from his own body. He still saw the same things; his vision was the same. But he felt further away from himself. He heard the voice speak again, much quieter.
“That’s what it feels like...”
What’re you doing? Lance thought, fear shaking his words. What’re you...
The pain was like his head had cracked open, splitting right down the middle. Images took over his sight, flashing too fast for him to really see. He caught glimpses—people, faces he didn’t recognize. Markings, weapons, more people. Inhuman ones, distorted features of body parts. More symbols. Drawings. And then a face, shown long enough for him to take in.
She was beautiful. The pain in his head faded away, a glowing light in his chest replacing it. Green eyes. Something about them seemed incredibly familiar, like he was staring at a part of himself he didn’t remember having. An extension of who he was.
Distantly, he felt his body curl inwards as he hit the floor. His vision was nothing but black, and then he felt a pressure zipping through his head, the memory of the last few seconds erasing themselves.

Chapter Two
Faces

Lance opened his eyes. White. He focused, seeing the details in the ceiling.
Where had he been last? Where was he now?
His head hurt a little bit, a similar pain running through his body. His eyes closed again, part of his brain trying to remember while another part just wanted to go back to sleep.
But why had he been sleeping in the first place? Wasn’t he just at school?
In the office...
“Lance?” A footstep, a single tap of the sole.
He opened his eyes, turning to look to his right. He was lying down, his bed unfamiliar and uncomfortable. The face he was staring at was unfamiliar, too.
She smiled, the expression curving her almond-shaped eyes. Her hands adjusted the clipboard she held, bringing Lance’s stare to the ID tag clipped to the front of her white coat. She introduced herself as he read the words on the tag.
“I’m Dr. Chu. I’ll be taking care of you today, okay?”
He blinked, looking out towards the doorway further to his right. 
“Why am I in the hospital?” His voice was a little rough, throat lined with the slightest amount of pain.
“You don’t remember?” A pen unclicked, positioned to write.
A memory came back: “You’ve got someone very dangerous coming for you.”
Lance raised himself upright, feeling pain split into the muscles of his back. His teeth clenched inside of his mouth, suppressing a curse.
“Hey.” The doctor stepped forward, pressing a light hand to the front of his shoulder. “Take it easy. We don’t want you to get even more hurt, right?”
“Why am I here?” he asked again, his arms beginning to give out and shakily lower himself back down.
Dr. Chu’s hand left him, her foot stepping forward to a spot on the floor Lance couldn’t see. The upper part of his bed rose, sitting him upright as she replied, “From what I gather through your friends, you fell unconscious at school. Started shaking and screaming quite a bit.”
That’s right. Memories came back, and unconsciously he nodded to himself. Cal was there. Did he tell her about the voice—or the fact that I was hearing it?
“Do you remember anything about that?” Dr. Chu was asking him. “Maybe something that happened before...”
He shook his head. “No. Nothing.”
I’m crazy. I’m absolutely insane.
“Well, alright.” She wrote something down, the sounds of her pen scribbling filling the silence between them. “Mind if I ask you a few questions about your health?”
“Yeah, sure.” Like how insane I am? Good luck measuring it.
“Do you remember what you’ve eaten today?”
“Coffee. I had like a few sips of coffee.”
Her writing stopped. “Is that normal for you?”
“No. I really can’t stand it.”
“Okay...” She wrote something else down, and the next few questions were followed up by light movements; like she was checking off boxes. After the third check, she spoke again. 
“Well, you seem relatively healthy. You’ve been exercising a lot, too, lately with the shows you play... How many hours of sleep do you get a night, on average?”
“Like... In the past week?” At her nod, he thought back, trying to calculate it. There wasn’t much to figure out. “Six hours, around six.” That was a lie; he had doubled the number.
“Not awful...” Another box was checked, and the front page she had been holding fell back down. “Usually people your age need about an average of ten hours.” She looked over the papers for a moment, then nodded to herself. “I’ll need to go consult with another doctor; our neurologist. You have some friends here waiting for you, if you’d like to visit with them.”
Cal... He can probably tell me what happened.
“Yeah, sure.”
The doctor smiled, turning away. “I’ll send them in.”
He gave the best nod he could, resisting the urge to think about much of anything as he watched the doctor walk away. She opened the door, turning to smile at him again from the doorway. 
“Be back in a bit!”
He nodded again, faking a small smile in return before watching the door close. He pulled himself into his thoughts, trying to figure everything out. The voice... How? Nobody else seemed to hear it except for him, and it was controlling his body, too...
I’m crazy. I’m so bat shit ins—
The door opened again, Lance nearly jumping out of his own skin from the shock. Cal met his stare, concerned. Lance didn’t know what to say, except for the fact that he was also worried about himself, too. And probably for the same reasons.
Someone pushed past Cal, a familiar voice accompanying the entrance. “Don’t just stand in the doorway, Cal! Jeez—” Trent looked up, a bit of surprise coming to him as he noticed Lance.
“Oh, good.” His friend relaxed, a light smile on his face. “You’re not dead. Or severely injured.” He walked into the room, thumb hitching behind himself in motion to Cal. “He wasn’t saying much about what happened to you. Freaked me the fuck out, let me tell you.”
Lance briefly looked back to Cal, trying to decipher that worry still on his face. Trent caught his focus again, stopping a ways from his bed.
“So, you alright, man? You’re not lookin’ so well...”
Lance nodded, running his palms against the side of his eyes. “Yeah, I’m alright. I dunno. Maybe it’s just fatigue.”
“You think so?” Another voice; a quieter one.
He looked to the doorway again, seeing Cal step off to the side as another person came into the room. Danny stopped walking after a few steps, allowing Cal to stride in a bit further, the door swinging shut without his support.
“Yeah,” Lance replied, answering Danny’s question. “I’m completely fine, Danny. Don’t worry about it.”
The slightest amount of a smile came to his friend’s face as Lance heard a sound slip from between Trent’s teeth.
“Okay, well that’s a lie,” Trent replied. “If you were ‘completely fine’, you wouldn’t be here. What the hell happened? Somebody better start talking...”
Lance remained silent, trying to organize his thoughts. But where would he even start?
Something drew his focus back to the doorway. Light reflected off of the cross hanging around Danny’s neck, the pendant swinging a little as the bassist shifted his weight to one foot. Lance kept staring at the necklace.
I was possessed. Was that a good explanation for it?
The door opened again.
“Lance?” Dr. Chu stuck her head into the room, smiling. “Our neurologist is having a bit of a delay, so it’ll take a few moments. Your mother’s here to see you, if you’d like to chat with her.”
“Hell of a time for her to pop in...” Trent muttered, his voice only reaching Lance.
I need to talk to her... Something’s really telling me I need to.
“Yeah, sure,” Lance replied, feeling the jolt of fear from his friends. “You can send her in.”
Dr. Chu nodded, letting the door close again as she slipped back out.
“Do you want us to stick around?” Trent asked him.
Lance shook his head. He need to talk with her alone. “No, it’s alright. I’ll talk to you guys later.”
“Alright...” Trent started walking away, footsteps hesitant. “We’ll be in the waiting room if you need us.”
Lance heard the door swing and turned to see Cal leaning against it, holding the entrance open. Their eyes met and it reminded him of how scared Cal had looked holding the door to the principal’s office. How scared he had been of him.
“Hey, Cal...” Lance’s voice was distant, even to himself. “Can I talk with you for a sec’?”
Cal nodded, giving a quiet word to Trent, who stood in the doorway waiting. Trent nodded and left. Cal stepped forward, letting the door slip away and close once again.
The room remained silent. Cal still hadn’t said a word, and that meant he was definitely still freaked out about this. He looked away from Lance, blue eyes blinking at the floor. Lance pushed his own thoughts away, the ones that were still trying to figure everything out. His arm rested against the bed’s banister as a hand found his forehead, holding his head upright. His eyes closed as he spoke again.
“What happened... Before I passed out?”
Another long silence met him. Lance didn’t look up; forced himself not to. He only focused on the darkness his eyelids were creating, waiting for the confirmation of his insanity.
“It was weird, y’know?” Cal said, voice drifting quietly to Lance. “You just suddenly dropped onto the ground and started screaming. Sounded like you were being torn apart from the inside.” He paused, long enough for him to slowly shake his head. “I know that’s part of a song we wrote, but it fits. You sounded like you were being destroyed.”
Lance tried to think back, unable to remember anything Cal was saying. He almost spoke, almost told him about the feeling of something else being inside his own body. Controlling him. But that would just lead to a conversation about the voice, and he didn’t need someone besides himself thinking he was crazy.
He cleared his throat, letting his hand fall away from his face. “Alright. Thanks.”
“Yeah,” Cal said quietly. “Anything else?”
Lance stared at the edge of his bed, feeling how heavy the tired lines beneath his eyes were. Made his eyes feel hollow, almost. “No. I’m good.”
“Right...” He heard Cal shift, quiet footsteps bringing him towards the door again. He opened it. “Good luck with your mom. Lemme know if you need some holy water.”
The joke failed on delivery; his voice shook, breaking slightly. Lance felt guilt crush him a bit further. He needed to tell someone...
And have them do what? Lock me in another hospital?
The door shut once more, and soon opened again. This time, he knew the sound of footsteps, who they belonged to. The hurried, familiar click of heels heading towards his bedside.
“Hey,” Lance said, like this was a perfectly normal situation for them to be in.
He looked up as his mother approached. She stopped walking as their eyes met, the briefcase in her hand swinging a little from the sudden halt. She looked worried; more tired than usual, even underneath the makeup.
“What happened?” she asked. “Are you alright?”
He nodded, lying once again. “Yeah. Just kinda blacked out. Pretty sure it’s just fatigue.”
Lisa sat down on the empty bed next to him, letting out a sigh of relief. She shook her head.
“That’s still not good, but I’m glad it’s nothing else. I was beginning to think drugs, maybe. Some gang violence...”
“What?” Lance looked to her, eyes wide. “You’re serious? What the hell do you think I do all day, Mom?”
Lisa shrugged, looking to the corner of her eyes. “I’m not sure; so often when I come home, you’re still gone, off doing something... Heaven knows what...”
Lance couldn’t even give a laugh. He forced a smile, turning away. “You still raised me better than that... A lot better...”
Lisa smiled at him and a moment later, the expression faded away, a light focus overtaking the space between her brows.
“So just fatigue?” she asked quietly, searching him. “Nothing else?”
Lance paused. He looked away again, staring at the bedsheets covering the lower half of his body. His hand clenched them, mind focusing on the memories he had been trying to block out since he woke up. Really focusing, trying to piece everything together.
“Over the past few weeks,” he began, speaking slowly. Carefully. “I’ve been having these nightmares. Like, these really weird-ass fuckin’—” His stare went towards his mother, mouth continuing to roll with his thoughts. “Nightmares. These dreams about things I really don’t understand.”
And then the voice. This disembodied voice telling me to run from someone—something—I’ve never even seen before. Warning me like I would die if I didn’t listen...
“And then what?”
He looked back to his mother. She was waiting patiently, the lines between her brows more knotted, more concerned than ever. She probably thought he was crazy, too.
Lance shook his head, looking away. “Nothing... Just those dreams have been keeping me up, that’s all.”
“Oh, sweetheart!” Her hand found his arm; she was reaching across to comfort him. “Get some more sleep, okay?”
He almost smiled at that. “Yeah,” he responded. “I will.”
After a light squeeze, her hand slipped away from him, heel tapping against the floor as she moved herself back to the edge of the empty bed next to his. When she didn’t speak again, Lance looked to her, noticing an expression he had never seen her wear before. Nostalgia, almost.
“You remind me so much of him, Lance.”
“Of who?”
“Your father.” Her briefcase shifted, balancing on her crossed legs. She smoothed her hands over the surface, looking down at it as she spoke. “He was a musician, too, you know. A guitarist like you.”
A thin teardrop hit the surface of the briefcase. Lisa smiled through the sadness, and Lance saw her hand curl into a loose fist.
“He always had this acoustic guitar that was so old. Decades and decades old—his father had given it to him, passed it down from generation to generation.” Her head shook, a sniff interrupting her words. “I was waiting to give it to you, before you moved out.” She looked to him, a smile curving her lips. “After this, I’ll probably just hand it to you when we get home.”
Lance unconsciously smiled back, looking down and away. “I... Didn’t know. I’ve never really heard you talk about him.”
“He... Um...” Lisa’s hand moved to her eyes, thumb carefully moving along her lower lid, picking up the smudges beginning to form from her tears. “I should’ve worn my waterproof eyeliner!” She laughed a little at this, the sound broken and forced. Her thumb kept moving, her eyes closing and releasing more tears. “He passed away when you were young, Lance. About three years old.”
She sniffed again, swallowing back the sadness as her hand returned to the briefcase, thumb streaked with a thin line of brown.
“It’s so hard to talk about him... Especially when you’re so much alike.” She shook her head. “And you grew up so fast. I felt like I blinked and you were practically an adult. The time goes so fast, Lance. Always has.”
An emotion awakened in Lance. A warmth; something that brought him back to his childhood. When things were better between them, when there were no fights or arguments. He recognized that warmth now, the feeling of being cared for.
“Um, y’know,” he began, raising a hand to the back of his neck, “I play a few acoustic shows a few times a week.” He looked to her, seeing the smile on her face. “If you ever wanna stop by...”
Lisa nodded. “I’d love that.”
Lance smiled back, watching the door open again behind her. Someone was walking in, and it wasn’t anyone familiar. The door shut again, something about the sound reverberating through the room. Completely changing the mood.
Lance shook the sudden chill away, opting to ignore it as the doctor walked forward.
“Hello.” The smile was surrounded by neatly trimmed brown facial hair. “I’m this hospital’s neurologist. I trust I’m in the right room.” There was a question in that statement, one Lance quickly responded to.
“Uh, yeah,” he said with a nod. “Neurologist. Sounds right.”
The smile broke into a grin. “Good. My name is Dr. Fong. According to my charts, you must be Lance.”
Lance nodded again, trying to beat back the feeling in his gut. Like his stomach was trying to shrivel into some sort of box...
“Wonderful.” The clipboard tucked underneath the doctor’s arm rose, papers flipping upwards with a brush of the hand. “Allow me to check my notes here... Seems like you had a bit of a fall. Classmates heard you screaming. Shaking a lot, too. Any history of seizures?”
Lance exchanged a look with his mother before replying.
“No, none.”
“So far, so good...” The doctor’s pen unclicked, checking off a box near the middle of the page. “Hm. I see your blood type is A-negative. That’ll be a bit difficult.”
“What?”
Dull eyes looked towards him, briefly looking somewhere at his forehead. A small bit of life flashed; some sort of surprise. “Oh, nothing.” Another box was checked. “We can work around it.”
“You’re... Not thinking surgery, right, doctor?” Lisa asked. “Or blood transfusion?”
“Oh, no.” The hand holding the pen moved, fingertips against the chest of his white coat. “At least, nothing you’ll be around for.”
“What are you talking about?” Lance yelled.
A wide grin broke onto the doctor’s lips, too wide to be anything close to reassuring. “First,” he said, “let’s get rid of your idiot mother.”
Lisa suddenly stood up. Lance leaned forward, ignoring the pain in his muscles.
“Mom! What’re you doing?”
Lisa didn’t move, continuing to stand. The doctor’s grin fled.
“Parting words?” he said, seeming to be repeating something that wasn’t spoken. “I suppose I’ll allow it. Everything is almost sad when I tear these fools apart.”
“What?” Lance watched as his mother stepped towards him, leaning down until her face was close to his.
“Listen closely, human,” the doctor was saying. “This is something she’s always wanted to say to you.”
Lisa looked perfectly normal. She was smiling, the happiness reaching her eyes.
“Mom...” Lance said quietly. “What’re you doing? We’ve gotta get out of here.”
Her hand reached out, touching the side of his face. Her fingertips slid forward and brushed into his hair, the rest of her hand gently resting against his skin.
“I’m sorry for all the fighting.” She spoke in a whisper, voice nearly broken with pain. “I’m sorry I couldn’t be there like I wanted to. I’m a horrible mother—always so focused on the things we didn’t have. So idiotic. I wish I could go back, do it all again. Somehow save your father, have him raise you right...”
“What happened to Dad?” Lance asked.
Lisa shook her head, eyes still trained on Lance’s. “Car accident. Drove off into along the bridge.” That sentence didn’t make any sense. “Water. He drowned. He drowned, Lance. That’s what we were all told.”
“What?” Lance allowed some of the anger he was feeling to reach his face. “That doesn’t make any fucking sense, Mom!”
“Then allow me to reiterate.” The doctor’s voice. Lisa straightened, posture pin-straight like some kind of mannequin. She stared straight ahead, then blinked. She looked down at him, normalcy in her eyes again.
But she was flustered—like she was late for something. Her hand rose, fingers out as she leaned down towards him.
“I have somewhere I need to be. I’ll come back as soon as I can. Be safe, okay? Let me know if you find out anything; hopefully it’s not surgery.” She pressed her lips to the top of his head, and Lance could only sit there in shock.
He watched as she turned away, briefcase in hand again. He lunged forward, reaching out to grab her wrist when suddenly his hand froze. She walked out of his reach, passing the doctor like he wasn’t even there.
“I’ll be back soon!” she called over her shoulder, and with a swing of the door, she was gone.
Lance tried to breathe. Tried to force the panic away. But he couldn’t even think right anymore. The only thing coming to him was how this had to be some other dream. Just another whacked out nightmare. He would wake up any second—
“Mmm...” The doctor’s slight sound cut through his focus. “Dreams are such awful things, aren’t they? They trick you into believing things you don’t really have...”
Lance started breathing again, thoughts coming to him. He collected the ideas one by one, ways to try and get out of here. But he couldn’t move. He couldn’t even lift his finger. The muscles were being stimulated—almost to the point of pain. But his pointer finger wasn’t even twitching.
“I can’t move.” At least his voice was working.
“Yes.” The doctor took one step forward, the sound loud against the tile. “Wonderfully useful, isn’t it? We don’t want you running away from us, now do we?”
“Us?”
“Your father was much more scared than you’re acting.” The doctor’s head tilted, eyes softening a little as he looked to Lance. “But it was nearly fourteen years ago that the cells rejected his body. I suppose the human race has built some thicker skin over time...” A horrible grin curved his mouth. “Using what little time they do have left, of course.”
Lance repeated what he had just heard, trying to figure out the meaning of the words. They came to him through a fog of confusion, and even when he flipped over the meaning of them all, one question continued to repeat itself.
“What—what did you do to my Dad?”
“A little injection, a little pain.” His hand rose, imitating a syringe being pushed. “Well, a lot of pain, at the sound of his screaming. We do hope you’ll last longer than four minutes, though.”
Lance forced himself to not repeat the time frame, realizing he could move his head. He turned away, looking down and still trying to think. There had to be a way out!
 He couldn’t run, but maybe he could stall until someone else came in.
“What’re you going to do to me?” he asked, looking back up.
The doctor smiled, almost endearingly kind. “That,” he said, “is strictly between me and my client. Quite the request, I might add. You’re very lucky to be chosen by her.”
“Chosen? What the fuck are you talking about?”
The doctor looked behind himself, turning towards the door. He returned to Lance, lowering one hand with the fingertips pointed towards him. “Let’s not have you talk so loud, hm?”
Lance opened his mouth to yell again, only getting a soft sound that barely reached above a whisper. He forced his breath in, feeling his mind ready to detach from the panic swarming his thoughts.
“How are you doing that?” His words were so quiet; way too quiet for anyone else to hear. “What—”
Laughter came. Mad cackling, like it was the funniest thing ever spoken.
“You were warned!” the doctor yelled, words ripping from his throat. “You were warned and you still don’t have any clue at all!”
Memories flashed, no faster than a lightbulb bursting before Lance saw the doctor change. His skin was flaking off, pieces rising upwards as if a wind was carrying them. These pieces disappeared, adapting and giving way to new, lighter skin, a taller body. Differently shaped ears.
Eyes opened; yellow ones. Blue hair. The memory of the voice came back, repeating the words he’d heard last night.
“If you see this face, run.”
A burst of energy came to him; in any normal situation he would’ve been halfway across the room. But his left hand barely twitched to the side. His lungs barely kick-started into a slightly faster pace. His heart, however, felt like it was about to explode from beating so fast.
He had to get out of here. He was going to die if he didn’t. He needed to leave!
“Let’s start the examination process, shall we?” The doctor’s long fingers swept over his sight, the darkness trailing behind his hand before rendering Lance unconscious.

Chapter Three
Savior

It was as if he was in a pitch black room. Lance felt himself breathing, lungs quickly working, pushing air in and out of his mouth. He couldn’t see anything, and distantly he realized his eyes were shut. Closed completely. The only movements he could make were his eyes running beneath their lids, searching for something that wasn’t total darkness.
Gradually, he noticed a deep red-pink bleed into his sight, revealing silhouettes standing around him. They were tall bodies, heads all focused downwards, like they were looking down at something. Like he was on a table. He could feel it now, vaguely sense the solidness supporting his body, the metal beneath his fingers. Half real and half fantasy, like he was still in some kind of dream.
“The one who contacted you, human.” One of the figures was speaking to him, words powerfully ringing out. “Give us his voice.”
The memories were replaying in Lance’s mind, repeating as though he was watching a movie with no way to stop it. His body jerking, lunging forward as he was scared out of his own nightmare. Then relaxing, eyes closing. He was turning away from his amp, walking back to his bed as the voice came to him. Speaking from everywhere.
“I’m not completely sure what’s going to happen, but I know there’s someone very dangerous coming for you, and if they find you, it’s not going to be good—for either of us.”
The images faded, and almost right away the red-pink light dimmed as well. He was fading into that darkness, hearing only a language he didn’t recognize from those above him.
I’m not completely sure what’s going to happen, Lance thought, repeating the voice’s words. I just know it’s not going to be good.
For either of us.
__________________
Consciousness fell back into Zidane, forcing his eyes open. There was something different; something had changed. He’d felt another presence.
Did someone get a hold of my scent? he thought, taking slow movements to raise himself to somewhere between lying down and sitting upright. From all the way down here?
His mind flew back, speeding through every face he’d seen in this place over the years. Nobody that was even close to suspicious. All just normal people. This area was safe—that’s the whole reason they’d come.
He slipped his legs out from underneath the sheets, the weight of his pants heavier now that he was running on two hours of sleep. He pushed past it, forcing himself to stand up, still taking those careful movements even in the darkness of their room.
It’s been a while since I’ve moved like this.
These silent steps were like gliding, soundlessly moving him to another part of the bedroom. Within moments he was against the wall beside the doorway, leaning back and looking out until he could begin to see into the hall. He let a breath move through his lips, feeling the hilt of a sword materialize into his grasp. The energy travelled upwards, becoming parallel with his forearm as the blade was created. Curved and thick, with a painfully jagged edge beginning halfway through. The energy tapered off a few inches past his elbow, finishing the materialization of the blade.
He focused back on the hallway, searching through the shapes in the darkness he could make out. Just their normal furniture... He wasn’t sensing anything, either...
He felt a spike in energy—a fear from the bed’s other occupant. Zooka met his eyes, and he was sure his own looked just scared as hers.
“Jesus, Zoo...” He tried to relax, lowering the sword a little. “Don’t do that to me...”
“Sorry.” He could sense those thoughts bouncing around her head again, building up the guilt and making her feel worse than she really should have been. Especially when he was the one at fault...
“Did you hear something?” 
She was speaking in a rushed whisper, way too scared for something so small. She’d probably woken up when he’d first moved and let her imagination terrorize her until she noticed he was at the doorway.
Great job, Zidane. Nice work not disturbing her sleep. She doesn’t need this...
These thoughts came as he said his response, looking out into the hallway, shifting the blade to rest closer against his forearm.
“Yeah, I heard something,” he whispered back.
Lie number two-hundred-and-forty-seven.
That one was a joke; he’d lost count somewhere around six months ago.
He looked back to her, captured by the sight for a single moment. The artificial moonlight had created a strip across their bed, the light running across the folds of the sheets, the sleek rise her legs created underneath. The ends of the bedsheet were near her chest, bunched up and wrapped tensely around her fingers. She was still staring at him, complete fear in her eyes. She wanted him to go fix whatever this was, go be her hero because he was the only one that could.
And he wanted to. He also wanted to stay there, wanted to take every single detail of her in. Something was telling him this was a moment he wouldn’t be getting again. Not even close.
He pushed the fear back, ramming the emotion far away from him. Not letting it touch his face, his eyes. 
“I’ll go see what it was,” he said softly, beginning to step through the doorway and into the hall. “Probably a raccoon...”
She didn’t laugh at his joke, and he didn’t expect her to. They both knew there was no way a raccoon could get so far underground, past every security terminal, every encrypted door. With a silent breath, he left tendril of energy behind him, reaching out towards her human aura like a magnet. She let it influence her, and a weight that had been too heavy on his chest lifted as she relaxed.
He moved deeper into the hall, sword still flipped to rest by his arm. He felt the blade graze against his elbow as he moved, the pressure not hard enough to spill any blood. Hopefully he wouldn’t need to—his blood or someone else’s.
Could I even do that?
He approached the front door, seeing the pale lamps outside shining through the small half-circle window near the top of the entrance. He continued on from the side, not knowing where this intruder was watching from, only that he could still feel the same familiar energy beyond the other side of the door.
He passed through the entrance, phasing through the wood of the door, the frame of the entrance, and the material of the apartment wall all at once. The breath he released, the one that allowed him to do this, slipped from his mouth silently.
Halfway through, as his other foot phased through the door, his mind shot to his appearance. The pants were baggy enough, but the loose tank top was fully exposing the markings on his arms. His tail was out, too.
Whoever it was already had his scent. There was no use trying to cover himself up.
He looked up, seeing a tall figure silhouetted by the plaza balcony’s lights. Then the darkness covering the figure fled, an unseen light revealing them. A Razalek. Zidane known that as soon as he had seen how tall they were. But the amount of piercings and their clothing said royalty.
No... A wound reopened, descending a deep wave of fear into him. I wasn’t about to save him. I wasn’t able to stop it...
“Our Deity has requested your presence immediately.” The words were spoken in a language that was almost nostalgic. He hadn’t heard it in a long time. “She has sent you this as well.”
A book suddenly materialized in front of him, the darkness being used as the transportation medium. He reached out a hand, letting the small book drop into his grip. He ran a finger over the cover, feeling the words embossed into the yellow coloring.
Dimension Traveling & Solfluxes.
So she was having him go get... Whoever he was speaking to before. Even after connecting to his mind, he hadn’t retrieved a name.
Another mistake. I’m already messing this up...
“I’m surprised Ezyta sent someone up here,” Zidane said, his mouth feeling a little dry, speaking such old words. “Always thought she would’ve just contacted me herself.”
“Our Deity is very preoccupied,” the messenger responded. He seemed proud. “And I would be lying if I didn’t say I was curious about seeing a mixed… One living with humans, no less.”
Anger forced Zidane’s hand to grip the sword harder. He gritted his teeth together as he leaned over, arms raising to his sides as he bowed. He flipped the hilt of the sword, allowing it to extend the length of his arm further. The blade caught the lights, sweeping a flash across the Razalek’s body.
“Well take a good look,” he said, keeping his stare on the messenger. “You want to see my ears, too?”
“No.” The smile on the Razalek’s face was nothing short of amused. “I’m sure they’re equally horrendous. I wouldn’t want more of you haunting my day.”
Zidane tsked as he straightened, releasing only a bit of the anger he was feeling. It didn’t matter, anyway. This was nothing new to him... How could he be getting this angry, when Zooka was right here?
Guilt touched the anger, cooling down the flames. He suddenly heard a footstep creak behind the door and turned around to watch the entrance open.
He dropped the sword, letting it fall through the ground and disappear. At the same moment, the book in his hand was suddenly reduced to pieces, quickly swept away by a materialized wind. The object teleported to somewhere he could easily retrieve it later, when he needed it...
The dome above them began filtering in morning-like light as Zooka blinked at him, green eyes much more relaxed than before. She was dressed, too, the baggy shirt she was wearing before replaced by the standard white uniform of a medical trainee.
“I thought I heard your voice out here. What’re you doing outside?”
He looked behind himself, the Razalek gone. The energy influence he’d given Zooka before... He must have accidentally wiped her memory of the last few minutes, too.
“C’mon.” She reached forward, taking his hand in hers. “I’ll make your favorite breakfast while you get ready.”
He stopped himself from walking forward, back into their home. This was what he’d felt before; he’d felt like he wouldn’t be able to turn back, and here was the reason why.
Zooka stopped when she realized he wasn’t moving with her. She stared at him from the distance of both their arms together, worry quickly touching her face. Messing up the space between her eyebrows.
“What’s wrong?” she asked.
“Nothing,” Zidane said, speaking quieter than she was. He looked into her eyes again, feeling that familiar warmth. His hold on her hand tightened. “I love you, Zooka. You know that, right?”
She smiled, the expression curving the bottom of her eyes. “Of course I do, Zidane. I love you, too.”
“Good.” 
The response was more to himself than to her. He stepped up, standing in the doorway again, gently guiding her hand until she was standing right in front of him. His other hand found her hair, slipping through the soft strands above her ear, gently burying themselves there.
“I want you to remember that, okay?” He spoke against her hair, head bowing enough for him to get lost in her scent. “No matter what happens. I want you to remember I love you more than anything.”
“Zidane...” She didn’t pull away, keeping herself against him. “What’s going on? You’re scaring me.”
I’m sorry. He couldn’t say the words aloud, instead holding her against him a little more. He loved her. He was doing all of this for her...
He swallowed, forcing away the emotions threatening to render him silent. He kissed her head, then again, towards the crown.
“I’ll be back soon, alright?” he said, beginning to unravel his hold.
Zooka didn’t protest, voice a little bit distant as she replied, “A-Alright. Should I still make breakfast?”
His heart almost broke at her innocence. He squeezed her hand a little tighter, planting a kiss on her forehead. He spoke with his forehead against the top of hers.
“Yeah. I’ll be here again before you finish setting the table.”
“Okay.” She didn’t ask where he was going, and he knew why. There was only a few places he would go—only a few that he could go. “Is everything alright?”
He stepped out the door as she spoke, his clothing changing into the ashen grey uniform of a standard SWAT combat trainee. Their hands were still connected, holding one another through the doorway. He looked back, seeing her notice the change in outfit. Had that answered her question?
“Yeah, everything’s fine.” Another lie. One she probably saw through this time.
The worry on her face wasn’t letting up. In fact, that crease between her brows was only getting worse, her frown sinking a little deeper. He leaned forward, taking her hand in both of his. His lips met the beginning of her fingers, eyes never breaking from hers. The worry on her face was relaxing, calming her features a bit.
“Twenty minutes,” he said, bowing his forehead to the spot he had kissed. “You can count the seconds. I’ll be walking through this door again in less than twenty minutes.”
He hoped Ezyta would be fast enough to keep that promise. He hoped the human he was trying to save would stay alive long enough to keep that promise...
“Okay,” Zooka said, accepting his words. “Twenty minutes. I’m holding you to it.”
That statement was so out of character for her. He looked up, knowing his eyes were even brighter than they normally were when she was around. She returned his smile with her own, all tension in her face gone. She trusted him completely.
That’s what makes this so difficult. He nearly crumbled at the thought, composure being held upright by the realization that he had to go. He needed to get moving, now.
After one last kiss to her hand, he let go, straightening to his full height.
“I’ll be back soon.” 
How many times did he have to lie to her like this?
Zooka nodded, accepting him completely. Zidane let out a breath, pulling his mind away from their surroundings, allowing the fire sparking at his feet to sweep around him, swirl upwards until it covered his body completely. Bringing him to a place deep, deep inside the center of the Earth.

Chapter Four
Edge of Insanity

The flames dissipated, and Zidane no longer found himself standing on the concrete surface of the plaza. The energy of this place alone was more than he needed to have in order to identify exactly where he was.
It’s been... A very long time since I’ve been in this room.
It hadn’t changed much in the ten years, either. The walls were still the same red coloring, decorated with black-framed mirrors and web-like designs running along the edge where the wall met the ceiling. A ceiling that was also made up of a mirror. Zidane only had to see the beginning of it to know she had added in this reflection. He looked away from the mirrors on the walls and ceiling, attention going to the large portal in front of him.
The portal hadn’t been opened yet, resulting in what looked like a crack in reality. A long, jagged line separating the wall behind it, distorting everything above and below.
Ezyta turned around, as if finally sensing his presence. She stared at him, light eyes taking in the uniform he was wearing—studying him from her towering height. Her chin lifted, eyes narrowing and bringing her disturbingly long eyelashes close together.
“You’re mucking up my floor.”
Zidane fought every urge to wipe his boots hard against the carpet. He stayed standing, cooling down his frustration as much as he could... But it was hard, being in this room with her again...
“I figure you could’ve just pulled him out yourself,” he said, referencing the portal in front of them.
Ezyta blinked slowly, those eyelashes touching for a moment and sending a flash of sickness into Zidane’s gut. “Pulling him out,” she began, “if you do mean energetically forcing the host to us, would rip its body apart. It doesn’t look pretty. Rather messes up the product, as well.”
“So...” He rose onto the balls of his feet, at a loss for words. “You’re sending me to go get him?”
“You’re the only one who can, Zidane. Its puny mind will recognize you as familiar, given what similarities you share...”
“Right.” He’d forgotten about that detail.
He rotated his wrist, stretching out the muscles that were weighing down with fatigue. As his hand completed the circle, the yellow book fell into his grasp, landing between two fingers. His other hand found his pocket as he held the book up to her, turning the text until the cover was displayed.
“So this is for getting back, right?”
“Yes. If our product stays alive that long, of course.”
A dark energy swept down his back near his shoulder blades like shadows descending downwards. She kept talking like he wasn’t even a living thing...
Can I really expect anything different from her?
He didn’t answer his own question, knowing full well who Ezyta really was. His focus trained on the portal again, and he felt the energy begin to pull him as he walked towards it. Zidane stopped, the memory of Zooka holding his hand through the doorway coming back.
His eyes closed, focusing on the sight of her face. The worry, the laughter as he wiped the concern away.
“I need you to make me a clone.” The words came from his mouth, spoken easier than he thought they would be.
“Hmm...” Ezyta was interested— anything to attribute a longer life of suffering for him. “How much more can you run away, Zidane?”
His eyes clenched a bit tighter, pain flicking into him. He let out a breath through his nose, determined to deny her question.
I’m not... He focused on breathing normally, focused on swallowing down the emotions trying to suffocate him again. I’m not running... I can’t...
But he was. He knew he was still doing what he did best.
He felt Ezyta’s fingertips pulling against the fabric of his jacket. And soon, he could feel the pressure like a hollow copy of his own body, slowly sliding out of himself. The feeling was odd; something he had never quite experienced before. He felt the details of his own face slip out of the back of his head, felt his fingers pull away from the back of his hand. And then the pressure fell away.
Ezyta made another sound of brief interest. “I’m almost surprised I got everything right.”
She was expecting him to turn around, to look at the clone. But Zidane only stepped forward, feeling the portal try and draw him closer.
“Send it to Zooka,” he told her. 
Part of him was almost scared, speaking to Ezyta like this. But... After what she had done... No, a few commanding words were more than justified. 
“I’ll need to conserve all the energy I can.”
He expected Ezyta to shoot a comment back. He expected her to do something, but he only heard the sound of fire ripping around the clone. A slight moment of fear dropped into him.
She was closer to him now, the feeling of her aura almost making him visibly shrink away. The energy was dark, sending a color deeper than black into his mind. He focused on Zooka again, remembering her smile, the angelic white of her energy.
Zidane could feel the words before they came, the tension like a gun being pointed at him. He stayed still, barely even breathing as she walked up to him, long heels soundlessly moving her to his side. 
She spoke, the words dripping from her lips like black ink.
“And Zidane?”
He turned, blue eyes meeting pale golden ones.
Ezyta smiled.
“Betray me again, and I will destroy your existence.”
A shred of feeling and the portal opened, suspending Zidane in blackness.
 
_________________

Lance opened his eyes. He was hanging from something, the pressure suspending him mainly on his lower stomach. His vision was blurred, but with a bit of focus he saw his arms swinging downwards, and a pair of shoes occasionally stepping into his vision.
He blinked. Was he seeing that right? It looked like there was a tail.
He reached towards it, trying to swim through the fog in his brain. Tails weren’t a thing. There’s no way. His hand wrapped around the base, feeling the person carrying him suddenly tense. Sharp pain met his palms, his fingers. He pulled his hand away with a quick wince.
He opened his palm, seeing the needles embedded into his skin. He was bleeding, too. Beside him, he heard someone sigh like they were relieved.
“Probably hurts, doesn’t it?” The shoulder carrying him shifted, moving his body for a moment. “Let me know next time you do that, alright?”
Lance pulled his head up, enough to see they were moving down a hallway—some fancy one with bright lights and a long, elegant rug. His hand was throbbing now, the spaces underneath the punctured skin pushing more blood out to the surface. Even still, he didn’t feel very much pain. His head was still foggy, too; he couldn’t move very much, either.
Had he been drugged?
They’d stopped; Lance’s vision was suddenly spun to the side. He kept his head up as much as possible, seeing a door on the opposite side of the hall. There were many other doors, too, on both sides.
A beep sounded behind him, a loud click accompanying it. A doorknob turned, and Lance felt himself moving again, being taken out of the hallway and into a room. Halfway through the doorway, he heard the quiet hum of lights turning on, saw the glow as they continued on.
“Huh.” That same voice again. “Automatic lights. Nice touch. Almost makes it worth the price...”
He watched as they passed by a countertop, the entrance swinging shut behind them. The door slowed as it shut, making its impact nearly silent. Lance shifted his head, watching as they passed by a kitchen. Bright. Very bright.
He suddenly stopped again, movements slowing.
“Couch is probably best, right?” the person carrying him asked, speaking more to themselves than to him. Lance barely felt some pressure against his leg, a head turning in his direction. “Yeah. Glad to see you’re talking.”
They started moving again, Lance’s vision spinning for a moment before he felt himself slipping backwards. His sight tilted to the ceiling, moving a bit further up as he was set onto a couch. Comfortable, his body sank into the leather instantly.
He blinked, trying to focus enough to keep his gaze in front of him. Someone was crouching down, meeting his gaze with their head tilted to one side.
“Looks like they’ve put you on some pretty heavy medication.” A hand extended bringing Lance’s face towards him. Blue eyes. Blonde hair. Lance tried to focus on the eyes; there was something familiar about them.
“Yeah... That might take a while to wear off.” He watched the eyes move, seeing worry lines decorate the space between the brows. Those eyes met his again, voice speaking directly to him. “How’re you feeling? Can you talk to me?”
Lance shut his eyes, trying to focus hard enough to think straight. Form thoughts that weren’t just single words.
But his tongue felt thick in his own mouth, like it didn’t belong there. He didn’t know where to begin—he didn’t have any clue what was going on.
His hand felt like it was being pricked. He moved his head to the side, seeing fingers pulling the needles out of his skin. Those needles were long, too—at least four inches in length. When they left his skin, he watched the small amount of blood get swept away by the pad of a thumb, and the small wound instantly closed.
“Don’t worry; that healing is from me. We’d be in pretty deep trouble if the cells were this far along already.”
Healing? Cells? None of this was making sense...
Fatigue swept into his mind, closing his eyes to the sight of his skin healing. After what seemed like a moment later, his eyes opened again. Lance was alone, but most of his attention was on the fact his head felt so heavy. His eyes briefly shut as he moved forward, pushing himself upright on the couch. His body hurt, and something about the soreness seemed too familiar.
Lance blinked, looking around at his surroundings. There was a TV in front of him, which was nice, but it wasn’t one he recognized. The couch was foreign to him, too, and the balcony off to the left side of the room was peculiar as well. Shakily, he got to his feet, bending forward slightly as he fought to regain his balance. 
His mind focused in on something behind him, a pressure that zeroed in on a single spot at the back of his brain. He turned around, seeing someone at the kitchen table. Sitting down, reading something. They looked around his age.
The stranger looked up, noticing him there. For a single moment, Lance’s focus was taken by dark blue eyes. Familiar ones... But somehow Lance knew he had never seen this person before.
The stranger grinned. “Hey! Glad to see you’re finally up! You might wanna take a seat; this will take a while to explain.” As he spoke, the empty chair across from him moved, pushed back a few inches by some invisible force. 
It’s a hallucination. I have to be going crazy.
“What?” Lance took a step back, his leg hitting the coffee table. He looked back to the table, meeting those dark eyes.
Movement caught his focus, bringing his gaze downwards. He almost jumped, somehow suppressing a curse as he spotted a tail moving. It was long, having to curve in order to not hit the tile flooring. The fur looked soft and medium-length, the longest strands residing at the tip.
“Y-You...” Words left him.
“Oh, yeah.” The stranger followed his stare, as if noticing the tail was there. ”Guess it’s as good of a transition as any; this is what I need to talk to you about.”
The limb moved as he spoke, rising upwards and allowing Lance a better look. Lance moved himself back against the coffee table a bit more, voice yelling now.
“How the hell are you doing that?”
The stranger only gave him a small grin that almost looked nervous. “Same way you would move your arm, I guess. That’s kind of a hard question to answer, honestly...”
Lance tried to focus on breathing, feeling his head get light with the lack of oxygen. He couldn’t look away, though, and part of him was still holding onto the idea that the tail was fake. But the way it was moving...
The limb dropped down, curling upwards as it reached the floor. As if giving a second thought, the end relaxed, completely resting on the tile.
“I have to be dreaming,” Lance said aloud.
He tore his stare away, bringing it to the kitchen counter that divided the table with the sink and refrigerator. “I have to be sleeping...”
“You just woke up,” the stranger replied, motioning a little to the couch with his head. “How could you still be dreaming?”
Lance looked down, hands finding his hair. “Then I’m crazy.” His head shook, dismissing the thoughts telling him he wasn’t. “There’s no such thing as tails...”
The stranger leaned forward, hand curling outwards as if motioning for him to finish. “No such thing as tails with...”
Lance gave him a confused look. “People. People don’t have tails.”
Fingers snapped. “That’s right! People, in other words, humans don’t!”
Lance paused. His mind clicked together the explanation, the realization incredibly reluctant.
“You’re saying you’re not human?” he asked.
The stranger scratched the back of his hair, one eye closing in thought. “Well... We could twist that definition, but it’d take some time to explain. I mean, I’d be happy to tell you, but short answer is technically, no. We’re not considered human.”
“Technically?”
A hand waved, dismissing Lance’s question. “I’ll get to the specifics in a moment; back to me not being human.”
“You’re insane.” These words fell from Lance’s mouth in a breath. He blinked, not truly focusing on anything. “You’re absolutely crazy. You’re just some nutcase with...”
The napkin dispenser suddenly lifted, and Lance looked towards it. Nothing else was touching the object: no hands, no wind-devices from below or wires from above, nothing. It was floating in mid-air. Levitating.
“Like I said, I’m not human.”
Lance stared at the dispenser, unable to think. There... There had to be an explanation... He watched as the object was lowered, gently set down onto the center of the table, the same spot as before. As it happened, Lance saw the stranger’s eyes change, becoming a lighter, softer shade of blue.
These eyes looked up to meet his, the bottoms curving as the stranger smiled.
“Your name’s Lance, right?”
“How do you know that?”
A sheepish grin came to him, light blue eyes dimming a little bit. “I... Can hear your thoughts if they’re loud enough. Accidentally picked up your name, I guess.”
“You can hear thoughts?”
The question was answered with a nod. “It’s part of what I am,” he said. His posture straightened a little, arms coming to rest on the table. With his hands folded in front of his mouth, the stranger looked back to Lance. “You can call me Zidane, by the way.”
Weird name, Lance thought. His stare dropped back to the tail, watching the tip unconsciously flick towards him. Guess it fits, if this guy isn’t human...
He looked away, pushing the thoughts out of his head. What am I saying? Of course he is!
Then how could he have lifted that? The memory of the napkin dispenser played in his mind again, the shock echoing a second time. A string? Some sort of magic trick? But he wasn’t even moving his hands... There was nothing...
 “Look.” Zidane stood up, placing both hands on the table. “I’d really like to stay here all day and not do anything, but we’re kind of on a time limit here.”
Lance’s stared at the sides of Zidane’s pants, where guns remained in holsters. On the left, a normal-looking handgun. And on the right, something else; narrower, thinner. Knives were below each gun.
Zidane’s hands moved towards his legs, his voice coming to Lance as he spoke.
“I’m not going to hurt you, Lance. Trust me, I’m here to do the opposite.”
He withdrew the knives, cautiously placing them on the table. He followed suit with the other, thinner gun, and Lance faintly recognized it as something similar to a sniper rifle. More compact, seeming as though the scope and barrel could be stretched out, as though the stand for the gun could be easily unfolded.
“You heard what I said, right?” Zidane asked him.
Lance looked up, watching Zidane’s focus stay on him, his hand going into the small pockets on his upper arm. Lance’s breath stopped in his throat as he saw the fingers withdraw a small ring around each of them. Compact spheres dangled; grenades.
Zidane extended his fingers, the grenades knocking against each other quietly.
“Inactive. They’re mostly smoke grenades, but I’ve also never had to use them, so I really wouldn’t know.”
At Lance’s alarm, he grinned. “Bad time for a joke, I guess.” 
The grenades were set onto the table along with the other weapons. He pulled the handgun from its holster, finally setting it near the sniper rifle on the opposite side of the table.
Zidane patted himself, feeling the remaining, unopened pockets.
“Everything else is just medical supplies. I can remove those if you want me to. Really just want you to feel as safe as you can...”
A thought suddenly struck Lance. “Where’s everyone else?”
“Everyone else?” Zidane asked, blue eyes darkening again. “You mean there were more people with you?”
“Y-yeah...” Lance’s mind was thinking back, retracing what he remembered. “I was in the hospital, my mom was there, my friends...”
Another realization came, and quickly his mind connected the pieces. Zidane looked up to meet his stare.
“The voice...” Lance said. “That...”
Zidane nodded. “Yeah, that was me.” He sat back down in the chair, arm resting against the back of the seat next to him. “I’m pretty sure your friends and family are alright. They weren’t supposed to get hurt.”
“Get hurt?” Lance repeated. Anger flashed through him. “Like I was supposed to?”
Zidane thought for a moment. Then he nodded. “Unfortunately, yeah. But that’s part of the reason why I’m here. I’m doing what I can to make sure you don’t get hurt.”
            “I’m crazy...” Lance stepped back, falling over the coffee table and sitting on it. He didn’t mind; it looked expensive but probably wouldn’t break. Especially if it wasn’t real in the first place.
“I have to be crazy. None of this makes any sense.”
“That’s why we’re here talking like this,” Zidane replied. “I can explain everything, if you’d like.”
Lance turned to him. “Everything?”
Zidane shrugged. “I’ll tell you what I am, what’s happened to you. Where we can go from here...”
“What’s... What’s happened to me?”
“I need to explain a few other things first.” The tail rose up again, directing Lance’s sight to it. “We’ve already covered the tail thing, and the fact I’m not human. Part of what I am, and the same part that makes me have this tail, is a race called Spiro.”
Lance repeated the word in his head. Then he looked down, dismissing the thoughts, the pads of his fingers finding his closed eyelids. “This isn’t real...”
“Wait, but hold on; let me explain. You’ve probably noticed my eyes changing, right?”
Lance looked up, hands dropping to hang over his knees as he saw Zidane’s eyes were indeed a little lighter than they were before. Lance stayed quiet, suddenly too worn out to voice an explanation about how the lights above them were just making his eyes brighter.
Zidane shook his head. “No, not lights. Another racial trait.”
“Are you going to listen to every thought I have now?” Lance asked.
Zidane grinned, and Lance couldn’t help but notice his eyes dim slightly. “I can’t severe the connection completely, but I’ll set the bar as low as I can, alright? You’ll have to scream inside your head in order for me to hear it.”
Great. “That another trait, too?”
“No, not for this race,” Zidane replied. “That’s the other half of me.”
“One that’s different from the tail...” Lance’s voice trailed off, his stare once again going to the strange limb.
“Yeah. That’s right.” Zidane’s attention went to his hand, and as he hooked his thumb underneath the grey fingerless glove, he kept speaking. “Razaleks and Spiros are pretty different from one another, but they do share the same common ancestor, so I guess that’s a similarity.”
With his glove removed, Zidane held up the back of his hand. Lance thought the design to be a tattoo at first: a blood-red, six-sided star with diagonal lines curved inwards, small circles in between the north-west and south-east spaces. A large circle enclosed the shape, going around every point except for the south line, which disappeared into Zidane’s sleeve.
“For any healthy Razalek, this marking is supposed to be golden. Different colors mean different things, but dark red in particular signifies an infection within the body.” The hand was lowered, the glove replacing the marking once more as Zidane continued on. “Both my sides see one another as a threat. It’s part of having mixed blood.”
“So you’re both of them, then?” Lance asked. He looked to the tail again briefly. “This race isn’t the tail one?”
“No,” Zidane answered, and once again he levitated something. The empty chair across the table. “This is the race that allows me to influence my surroundings.”
The chair was set back into position, leaving Lance to stare at it. He abruptly stood up, putting his hands in his pockets.
“Yeah, none of this is real.”
He was across the room, hand reaching for the doorknob when Zidane’s voice called to him again. Words spoken calmly but shocking him enough for Lance to stop.
“You’ve got Spiro cells injected in you.”
Lance’s hand was at the doorknob. He couldn’t move, couldn’t open the door. But his body was working; technically, he could very well leave this place. The shock just wouldn’t let him. The sound of a chair scooting back pulled his attention to his right, and he watched Zidane stand, both hands spreading on the table. Almost as if presenting all the weapons there.
“Look,” Zidane said, “the only reason you’re currently not strapped to a table getting your insides torn open is because of me. I was supposed to bring you back and have that happen, but I’d honestly prefer as little blood on my hands as possible.”
Lance blinked, mind trying to catch up to what he just heard.
“There’s no way.” He shook his head and opened the door. A bright, empty hallway greeted him. And for a long time he stared at the door to the room across from them. “There’s no way this is happening.”
And yet, as much as Lance knew he needed to step forward, step outside this room and into the hall, his foot was sliding back. He was stepping back, mind still moving at a snail’s pace. Trying to piece together a puzzle made up of foreign words. Spiro? Razalek? This wasn’t even real—it couldn’t be.
His foot completed the first step as his hand left the doorknob, fingers slipping away from the metal. He watched the door swing back, covering the sight of the hallway, thinning that brightness until the sight disappeared. The entrance—his only exit—closed again, leaving the room absolutely silent.
“You were... supposed to have me dissected?” he asked.
The response came after a moment. “Yeah,” Zidane replied. “I chose not to.”
Lance turned to him. “Why?”
Zidane was staring at the table, eyes focused on the end opposite from him. There was hardly any blue in his eyes, despite the bright lights above. “I said it before. I don’t want any blood on my hands.”
In the silence that followed, Lance found his gaze sweeping down, catching sight of the golden-tan tail again.
“Your tail’s actually real?”
Zidane looked up, deep eyes meeting his. The limb in question moved, gently whipping out, rocking from base to tip like a wave.
“Yeah.”
“This doesn’t make any sense.”
“That’s because you’re human.”
“And you’re not?”
 Zidane’s head bowed, a sigh leaving him. “That’s the whole point of this conversation, Lance.” He looked up, eyes darkening further. “No, I’m not human. I’m pretty damn far from it.”
An emotion had slipped into his voice towards the end: a hint of sadness.
Lance shook his head, forcing himself back from examining it. He needed to get out of here...
“You’re absolutely positive you don’t know where my family is?”
 “I have no idea,” Zidane responded, shaking his head. “But I’d be more than happy to take you to them.”
“Right. ‘Cause you probably got my wallet, too, huh?”
“Your wallet’s missing?” Those eyes darkened again, a genuine sincerity in his voice as he added, “That’s too bad. I was thinking more along the lines of teleportation.”
“Oh, great!” Lance threw his arms up. “Now you can teleport, too! Jesus, how many drugs are you on?”
Zidane just grinned, laughing a bit. He sat back down, the motion a bit heavy like he’d fallen back into the chair. With the smile still on his face and his arm draped over the empty chair beside him, he gave a shrug.
“I’m really not sure what I can do to convince you this is all real,” he said. “But I mean, it makes sense, I guess. Most of the time, everything is all clear-cut facts with you guys.”
Lance ignored the sting of what was possibly racism. “What, like with you it isn’t?”
Zidane’s hand waved outward, dismissing the question. “You’re going back pretty far in time with that question. But short answer is no. It isn’t.”
Lance moved his hands out of their pockets, gesturing them outwards as he stepped back again. “So—what? You’re just this race nobody’s ever fucking heard of before?”
A smile hitched on the side of Zidane’s mouth; he was watching Lance as his thumb ran across the nail of his pointer finger. The excess nail suddenly dropped away, falling past the table. “You really think we’ve never shown up in your guys’ history before?”
Lance stopped thinking, only staring. Watching as Zidane turned his hand over, inspecting the nails of his fingers.
“Ah, too short.” The pad of his thumb withdrew from the tip of his pointer, and Lance saw the nail grow back again. It was cut off in a similar way as before; this time shaped a little to the left. Zidane turned his attention back to Lance, seeming a little surprised.
“What?” he asked. “Alien conspiracy theories, Black Plague... That was all us.”
“You caused the Black Plague?”
“No, technically and I guess physically speaking, I didn’t. Razaleks did. A little parting gift to the humans before leaving.”
“Yeah. And where’d they go? Did they leave for space?”
Zidane was grinning, completely amused by the question. “You think we went to space? Far from it. Think lower.”
Lance’s confusion went to his face, mind trying to figure out what the tile beneath his feet had to do with anything. Zidane shook his head.
“Way lower,” he responded. His finger pointed downwards. “Try the center of the Earth.”
Lance turned back to the door, throwing his hands up behind his head. His eyes shut, thoughts pushing themselves out of his mouth unfiltered.
“There is a molten-fucking-core in the center of the Earth. There’s no way anything could even get close to living there. Ever.”
“Mmm...” Zidane was resting the side of his face against his arm, blue eyes light. “What if I told you that ‘core’ was just a barrier to keep humans out? How angry would you be?”
Lance pulled the door open again, yanking the knob past himself, feeling the circular base hit the side of his hand at the force. Laughter greeted him. He turned back to Zidane, teeth gritted together as he watched a hand go to Zidane’s face. The light amusement calmed down, hand waving to him again.
“Alright, alright, I’ll be serious now.”
Lance scoffed. “Like you were being serious before?” His attention went back to the tail. “Can you get rid of that tail?”
“Tried it.” Zidane was suddenly serious; his eyes darkening. “Doesn’t work.”
“What...”
The crossbreed shook his head. “I can hide it, if you want me to. I kinda figure it’s best for you to see what it looks like.”
Lance shook his head, hands pushing through the sides of his hair. “Because I’ve got that shit injected in me, right?”
“Spiro cells, technically speaking. It’d be pretty bad if you got shit injected in you. Make my job a lot harder.” His grin faded as Lance looked to him, eyes dropping down. “Right. Sorry; I’ll stop with the jokes.”
“Job,” Lance repeated. “Someone hired you to do this?”
“No,” Zidane replied. “But someone was paid to get you. You remember that guy I warned you about, right? Did you ever see his real face?”
The memories of being in the hospital flashed; skin flaking off of the doctor. Revealing blue hair paired with yellow eyes. The same face that had flashed into his mind the night before.
The same face a disembodied voice had warned him about.
“That...” Lance looked back, words failing him.
Zidane nodded. “Yeah, that was me. I tried to stop it, couldn’t, so we’re here.”
“This doesn’t make any sense.” Lance shook his head, mind digging up another question. “Why would someone have this done?”
“I’m not sure; I was just sent here to pick you up.”
“You do this kind of thing often?”
Zidane shook his head. “No. Special request.”
The doctor’s voice rang out in Lance’s head, repeating a memory: “Quite the request, I might add. You’re very lucky to be chosen by her.”
Lance blinked. “That guy... Thing... He told me I was chosen by someone.”
“I’m really not sure of the details,” Zidane responded, “but yeah, someone probably hand-picked you.”
“You don’t know? So, what, you just show up and start telling people this bullshit?”
Zidane studied him for a moment, unaffected by the outburst. “It’s probably best if you try and control your anger. The cells might feed off it.”
“This is a joke.”
Lance closed his eyes, fighting back a headache beginning to throb inside his skull. He breathed, passing a thumb hard along the base of his eyebrow. He had to get out of here.
But the maze his mind was trying to go through just kept leading him to the same conclusion.
He opened the door again. The hallway was bright. Almost looked nice.
“I’ve accepted the fact that I am completely crazy,” he announced.
“No—” Zidane stood up. “Lance, you’re not crazy. Trust me, everything I’ve told you is real.”
Lance laughed, releasing some of the hopelessness inside him. His head found the side of the door, hand resting on his stomach. He shook his head as he spoke.
“Really? There’s no way. There’s no way any of this is real...”
He heard Zidane give a small sound of frustration—like a groan from the back of his throat. Lance opened his eyes, staring at him again and feeling the smile on his face break into a grin.
“You’re not real, either,” he said. “I mean, like—” He motioned to the tail. “I dunno why I gave you a tail. Or why your name’s so fuckin’ weird, but—hey! Guess that’s what makes me so insane.” Lance laughed harder. “Hey! Your name makes sense now!”
Zidane let out a small breath. He looked away, dark eyes focusing somewhere off to the side.
“I don’t...” he began. Both shoulders rose in a shrug and his stare turned back. His hand turned upwards, motioning. “I don’t know what I can do to convince you any of this is real.”
Lance flung both hands off to the side. “Hey, neither can I! Guess we’re finally on the same page, huh?”
Zidane’s head bowed, a large sigh coming from him. A moment later, he sat down, hand resting against his hair.
“This is a crapshoot,” he said. His head lifted as both hands came to his eyes, fingers parting and running across the center of his forehead. Like a headache was coming on. “I can’t believe I actually thought I could do this.”
“Do what? Be a figment of my imagination? Pretty easily, probably.”
This statement was met with a harsh glare. Lance stared back, feeling the anger like it was a line of energy aimed at his chest. Could he actually feel that, if he was crazy? Would he be able to feel the emotion like it was from a real person?
He swallowed, looking down. His hands found the pockets of his jacket, the same one his mom had told him to wear. He shook the memory away, wondering if that too was made up. If any of this was actually real...
“Tell me something...” Lance began, shuffling a hand into his hair. “Tell me something I have no way of knowing. Something that proves I’m not crazy.”
Zidane was alert again, searching around the table as if the answer would be there.
“Uh, let me think...” His finger was tapping against the wood rapidly. “My village, where I was born. A place called Lanquim, off the East River.”
“Lanquim,” Lance repeated, focusing hard before shaking his head. “That’s just a word I could’ve made up. East River is normal...”
“I have a girlfriend. She’s...” His hand found his eyes, covering them as his head bowed in concentration. “She’s everything to me. I owe her absolutely everything...”
There was something about that... Something like an emotion was beginning to come forth, rising from somewhere far away.
“What’s... What’s her name?” He wasn’t sure where the question was coming from.
“Zooka.”
A bolt of pure, light energy erupted into the center of Lance’s chest.
He opened his eyes. Why did that name seem so familiar...?
“I...” He was at a loss for words. He blinked, searching the floor below him. Shifting his feet, trying to distract himself for a moment. That feeling was still lingering, like an arrow made of light had struck his heart.
“I...” He tried again; still couldn’t speak. He couldn’t explain the feeling. Couldn’t explain anything. He shook his head once more, eyes shutting. “I can’t explain that.”
“Explain what?”
“Anything about that,” Lance answered. “The name... The feeling...” He breathed, focusing on the inner light as it began to dim. “What was that?”
Zidane only stared at him, just as surprised. Over time, the blue in his eyes came back, lightening again.
“I don’t know,” he answered. “But it’s something you can’t explain.”

Chapter Five
Erased

Lance shook his head. He needed to think of something else. Taking a small step back, he thought of his family again.
“You said you don’t know where anyone else is?”
“No,” Zidane answered again. “But I’d be happy to take you to wherever you need to go.”
“Right, ‘cause of the teleportation thing.”
His words were answered with a nod. “Just think of where you’d like to be.”
As soon as a blip of an idea came into Lance’s head, a soft light appeared in front of him, swirling out and expanding. Oval-shaped and about his height; it nearly looked like a glowing full-body mirror. Except instead of his reflection, Lance was seeing the kitchen-area of his home. He wasn’t, however, seeing the person he had thought of, and this set a huge feeling of discomfort inside his stomach. As if the apparition of the portal wasn’t offsetting enough.
“You can go ahead and step through,” Zidane was saying. “It won’t hurt you.”
This is just a dream, Lance reminded himself, nodding a little unconsciously. His foot stepped forward, and a light airy energy began to draw him in. Just a dream.
He stepped into the portal, the light grey image he had seen before becoming his surroundings and fading into the normal spectrum of colors. Lance looked around, seeing nothing out of place in his kitchen. In fact, everything seemed incredibly organized and clean.
He turned around completely, looking across the room to where the cabinets were. Lisa stood there, taking a tall glass out of the shelf. Lance had never felt so relieved to see her.
“Mom...”
She jumped, fear overtaking her face as the cup fell from her grasp. It bounced onto the counter, and Lance watched it hit the floor, glass pieces exploding across the tile. A few even skidded far enough to reach him, their tinkling sound soon fading into the silence between them.
“G-Get out of my house!” Lisa yelled.
Lance looked to her, shocked. “What?”
“You heard me!” She quickly looked around, and then in a burst of speed, grabbed a large kitchen knife from the holder nearby. She directed the blade at him, light catching off of it from the window. “Get out or I’m calling the police!”
Thoughts left Lance. He could only stare, watch as his mother stayed standing across the room with the knife in her hand. That expression of pure anger in her face—and then he noticed the emotion in her eyes. A deep fear. She was scared. Of him.
Lance tried to speak, finding his voice after a moment. “I...” A smile hooked his mouth. “You gotta be joking, right? Like, I know we’ve had our differences but—”
“I don’t know you!” The blade jabbed towards him again. “I don’t know how you just got into my house, but get out!” Lance flinched at her scream. “Get out or I am calling the cops!”
He tried to breathe. He swallowed back the fear, putting his hands up in front of him. Lance started to inch away, stepping to the side where the back door was. “O-Okay. I’m leaving. I’m going.”
What’s going on? The thought came into his mind once again, and it felt like the question was on repeat. What in the fuck is happening?
But nothing changed. He was hoping, praying even, that somehow asking that would trigger something. Wake him up from this whacked-out dream, he supposed. But his mother just followed his movements with the knife, that expression of fear never wavering.
Help.
Somebody just get things back to normal.
Movement caught his eye. He turned, watching Zidane step through the wall leading to their garage, hands in his pockets and blue-eyed stare on Lisa.
“What’s going on?” the crossbreed asked quietly.
Lance tried to breathe normally, following his gaze and staring at his mother again. “She... She doesn’t...” He shook his head, trying to capture the thoughts his mind was quickly letting go of. “I dunno; it’s like she doesn’t know who I am. Like she doesn’t even remember me anymore.”
A sound of confirmation hummed from Zidane as he strode forward, reaching the other side of the kitchen in a matter of moments. Lisa only glanced around the room, not appearing to see him at all.
“Who’re you talking to?” she asked. “Is there someone else here?”
Lance brought his stare back to Zidane, who stood beside his mother.
“She can’t see me,” Zidane said. “Or hear me. I figure most people really wouldn’t want to.”
There was a hint of humor in his voice; a bit of a smile, too. Lisa turned, about to step towards the staircase when a quick breath shot from Zidane’s mouth. Her movements suddenly froze, knife still in her hand.
“Pretty big weapon of choice.” Zidane took the blade in between two fingers, easily prying it from her grasp. “Your mom doesn’t have a history of mental illness, does she?”
Lance just stared, unable to respond. He was able to freeze her body like that?
Zidane shook his head, dismissing his own joke. “Sorry. Forgot I was still censoring myself.”
He set the knife down on the counter, turning his attention to Lisa. With careful hands, he directed her face towards his, seeming to be studying her eyes.
“W-What are you doing?” Lance asked.
“I’m looking for any traces of memory alteration,” Zidane answered, his voice a little distant. “Normally, there’s a side effect of grey eyes, depending on how big the change is. But I’m not seeing anything out of the ordinary...”
“So what’s that mean?”
Zidane pulled away, one hand coming to his pocket. “I’m not really sure.” He raised a hand, expanding his fingers in front of Lisa’s face as another breath shot out of him. Nothing happened. “Huh.”
“Huh?” Lance repeated, frustrated. “I’m completely forgotten by my own mom and all you can say is ‘huh’?”
Zidane put a hand up. “Relax; please. I’m sure there’s something we can do.”
Lance allowed himself to calm down a little bit, watching Zidane tap a finger against his mother’s forehead. His hand drew outwards, a thin wisp floating out of her skin.
The screaming question of what that was died in Lance’s throat. He couldn’t speak; he only watched as the strand tapered off to a point, swinging down and hanging off of the pad of Zidane’s finger.
“What...” Lance tried to breathe, feeling his head grow light. “What in the...”
“Mental DNA,” Zidane replied, picking up the other end of the strand and holding it in front of himself. He brought his left hand to the right side of the strand, pinching it and moving his fingers to the other side. Lance saw long pieces of the wisp float down, disintegrating into something like mist before disappearing completely.
“Mental DNA?” Lance repeated.
“Yeah.” Zidane nodded, like it was a perfectly normal explanation. “In the same way normal DNA contains our genetic code—things that make up our physical selves—mental DNA makes up our mental selves. All of our thoughts, feelings, memories—all of it gets embedded into here.”
“Into... That thing?” Lance looked back down to the wisp.
Zidane made a quiet, kind sound of confirmation. “The sample I have now is a little big; I’m stripping it down so she doesn’t lose too much. It can take time for this to regenerate.”
“This is insane...” Lance muttered. He looked out the sliding glass door, seeing a few birds fly across the backyard. “I have to be in some kind of hospital...”
He heard Zidane give a single, quick laugh. Lance turned back, seeing the crossbreed shake his head.
“I thought we already covered that,” he said with a grin. “We found something you couldn’t explain, remember?”
Lance didn’t have a response. He stared down at the floor, trying to think of some explanation. He couldn’t.
He looked up to see Zidane’s right hand suddenly flap outwards, like he’d just touched something scalding.
“Starts burning after a while,” he said. He clenched his hand into a fist, and Lance briefly saw steam rise out from between his fingers and palm. A coolness to counteract the burn, probably.
“Weird...” Lance shook his head, his voice barely a murmur. “All of this is weird...”
“Yeah, I can definitely understand that,” Zidane replied quietly, looking back to the strand and holding it between his fingers again. He continued the same motions along the strand, something of a calm rhythm to them.
Lance stared, briefly wondering what happens next, where they’d go from here. Zidane replied, just as casual and calm as ever.
“So now,”—the strand disappeared with a close of his fingers and his hands returned to his pockets—“all we have to do is combine your memories of her with that sample.”
“Great,” Lance began. “And you know how to do that.”
There was a hint of a question in his voice, but Zidane took a moment before grinning.
“Uh, no. I don’t,” he said, turning back to Lisa. She stared at him, completely still. “But I have a friend who does. Knows pretty much everything about everything; the guy’s a genius.”
He leaned towards the counter again, holding up the knife by the blade in question.
“Do you want me to put this back in her hand before I unfreeze her or...?”
Lance wasn’t listening. He was thinking, hard; his mind speeding through everyone he had grown to be even remotely close with over the years. Someone who would remember him.
Cal flashed into his mind, dumb grin and all.
Lance looked up, meeting Zidane’s gaze and seeing the crossbreed’s flash of alarm. Before he could ask what was wrong, Lance spoke.
“I need you to teleport me somewhere else.”
Zidane nodded, a little bit calmer. He gently tossed the knife a few inches in the air, swinging it by the blade and catching it at the hilt. “Yeah, okay. Sure. Where do you wanna go?”
“I need to find a friend of mine.”
“Alright...” Zidane tossed the knife in the air again, and this time it disappeared. Lance looked over to see it was back in the holder Lisa had pulled it from. He listened as Zidane continued talking. “I’ll need to use a teleportation that takes less energy... It’s going to be a little bit weird...”
“You really think I care?” Lance asked, throwing his arms outwards. “I was just questioning my sanity a few minutes ago!”
Zidane stifled a sigh, the breath lowering his shoulders a little bit as he leaned his weight to one side. He raised a hand up, his fingers closed in a loose fist.
“Just hold your breath if you get nauseous.”
The crossbreed’s hand expanded, a quick breath firing from his mouth. Flames surrounded Lance, the heat rising to an extreme temperature that felt like his skin was cracking off. He didn’t have time to even breathe before the fire died down.
He was in an alleyway, standing off to the entrance. Lance stumbled back, hitting the wall and tilting his head against it. Closing his eyes, fighting off a sudden onset of nausea.
He forced himself to take deep breaths, not thinking of how he was just teleported or the fact that it was even possible. Trying not to think of the fact that any of this was actually happening.
But reality caught up again, Cal’s face accompanying it.
The nausea gone, Lance hurried out of the alley, spotting Cal close by. Flyers were in one arm, and Cal tilted his head up, giving a yawn that was way too loud to be natural.
Lance felt a grin come to him.
“Cal...”
The blonde turned his head in Lance’s direction. He briefly surveyed Lance’s clothing, his eyes flicking in the direction of the alley he had just stepped out of.
“Uh, hey,” Cal replied, giving him a weird stare as he turned back to the flyers.
His hand went behind the large stack, and Lance heard the sound of tape being ripped away from a dispenser. He watched Cal’s arm shift, moving the flyers against himself and revealing the tape holder in his other hand. Lance followed his focused stare to the window they stood in front of. A music shop, one they visited frequently.
Cal stepped forward, holding a piece of paper flat against the window with a forearm. He began sticking tape onto the corner nearest to his hand, and Lance kept staring at the poster. He read the words that weren’t blocked by Cal’s arm, and the confirmation of what the poster was only grew as his friend moved and began to tape the opposite corner. Lance just kept staring at the poster, the light grey paper fully revealed.
That... Couldn’t ‘t be right.
He had to be dreaming still.
Cal glanced to him again. “Can I help you with something or are you just gonna keep standing there?”
Lance tried to speak, tried to say no to the question. But he couldn’t look away from the flyer.
Cal leaned away from the paper he was putting up, letting it hang by two pieces of tape. He handed Lance a flyer from the stack, the action rough. “Look, do you want one of these or not, pal? Sorta losing my patience here.”
Lance took the piece of light grey paper, trying to focus on stopping his hands from shaking. He looked down at it, already knowing exactly what it said. This flyer was something he’d once helped design. Except now it was just requesting one person instead of two; just a guitarist. Vocal talent preferred.
“You guys even used the same wording...” Lance breathed.
“Huh?” Cal looked to him. “What the hell are you talkin’ about?” He turned back to the flyer, making sure it was smooth against the window before putting another piece of tape on one bottom corner.
“We needed a clean vocalist,” Lance began. “Someone to balance out my screaming, but we also weren’t totally sure what sound we wanted to go for. So we just used the term ‘vocal talent preferred.’” Lance shook his head at the memory, trying to fight back the details, but his mind wouldn’t stop. His chest hurt; every detail his mind recollected just pierced another needle into him. “And that’s how we met Trent. And Danny tagged along with him.”
“Wait a minute, what?”
Lance looked up, seeing Cal’s wide eyes and feeling his inside begin to collapse.
“Cal...” Lance began, trying to keep his chest from caving. “Tell me you know who I am...”
Cal searched his face for only a second. “Sorry, man,” he said. “I got no idea who you are.”
Lance fought back the pressure welling against his eyes. This wasn’t happening... His words came out in a panicked gasp.
“Call Danny,” he said. “Call Trent. Hell, call Cassie. They—they know me. They have to know me...”
He felt the words sting as they fell from his tongue, burning as they left because he knew he was lying. If Cal didn’t remember him... If his own mother had forgotten...
Cal was already pulling out his phone. He kept his stare on Lance, only glancing down to call the right number. He raised the phone to his ear, and then as if thinking better of it, brought it away from himself, quickly putting the phone on speaker and holding it between them.
The dial tone was loud, and Lance felt the vibration of it in his chest. He focused on breathing, focusing on not feeling the pressure of Cal’s stare. He just stared down at the goofy contact picture of a girl he had grown up with.
Cassie answered the phone, and Lance felt his heart skip a beat at the sound of her voice.
“Yeah, hey, Cass,” Cal began. “I’ve got some weird guy here saying he knows you?”
“Uhhh, okay.” There was a grin in Cassie’s voice; she was unsure where this was going. “I just might; what’s his name?”
Cal motioned to Lance with the phone. The words were hard to say, and Lance just focused on breathing as he spoke them. Closing his eyes, trying to escape this entire situation. Trying to find something in his life that still made sense.
That glimmer of light came back to him, Zooka’s name accompanying it.
Lance gritted his teeth, feeling the structure of his heart begin to waver and try to collapse.
“Um...” Cassie was still thinking, but Lance knew she was prolonging as a fucking joke. “Uhhh... Well...”
Her loud hum faded into something of a croaking groan, and then silence. She laughed, and Lance opened his eyes to the sight of Cal grinning wide.
“Yeah, I got no fucking clue who that is, Cal,” she said. “Never met a Lance in my life.”
“Really?” Cal asked, meeting Lance’s eyes from the phone between them. The grin on his face widened.
Lance looked down and closed his eyes again, shutting them tight. He decided he never really liked Cassie, anyway.
“Call Trent,” he said, forcing the words out of his closing throat. “Call him.”
“Uh, no,” Cal replied. He turned back to the phone, raising it closer to him, his eyes still grinning at Lance. “I’ll talk to you later, Cassie.”
“Wait-wait-wait.” She stopped his thumb from ending the call. “This actually sounds interesting. I’m on break so I got a few minutes to spare. You said this guy just walked up to you?”
“Yeah, came out of the alleyway.”
“What. The hell.” More laughter. “Oh my God, that’s so crazy! Is he homeless?”
“No clue. Weird as hell, though.” Cal shook his head. “I gotta get going; there’s too many flyers I need to litter the town with. I’ll talk to you later, Cass.”
“Yeah, sure. Talk to you laters.” She drew out the last syllable, hissing it until Cal ended the call.
He pocketed the phone. “So did that answer your question? You still think we’re friends or some shit?”
Lance couldn’t respond. He only stared at the ground, looking at the spot beside them where the music shop’s wall met the sidewalk.
“Yeah, okay.” Cal started away, his feet stopping the quick turnaround as he motioned to the flyer in Lance’s hand. “I’d take that back, but it seems like you already know who we are. If you’re a groupie, then cool. Just lay off the crazy drugs, okay?”
Lance listened to the sound of Cal’s footsteps leading him away. He raised his head, barely focusing on the back of that stupid head of messy blonde hair.
“You got a scar on your left leg.”
Cal stopped walking.
He turned around slowly, wide eyes staring into Lance’s again.
“How... How do you know that?”
Lance felt a grin quiver onto his face; a hope that maybe, just maybe this would be enough to trigger something. Some memory of him.
“We ditched class in middle school,” Lance said, trying to keep his voice stable. “We started climbing the fence, but the links were busted. I mean like really broken up towards the top,”—He swallowed, trying to keep himself from collapsing, trying to find some stability—”so when we got caught by some teacher, we cut ourselves up.” He started laughing, taken by the memory. “Y-you were like, ‘I guess that thing liked me so much it wanted to be inside me’ and I made a ‘that’s what she said’ joke.”
Lance felt his eyes watering, the smile still on his face as he focused on Cal again.
“Remember?”
Cal avoided his gaze. He was staring on the ground, thinking hard. Lance held his breath, watching his friend’s stare rise to meet his.
“I did that on my own,” Cal said.
His movements became quick, panicked as he trapped the stack of flyers in between his arm and his side. His free hand dug into his back pocket, and Lance felt his breath leave him at the sight of the white carton.
“No...” He looked to Cal, watching him pull out a cigarette. “Cal... Tell me...” The tears came back, pushing against the rim of his eyes. “Tell me you didn’t go back.”
A grin shot onto Cal’s mouth, body remaining hunched over, hand cupping the flame of his lighter. The fire caught onto the cigarette, allowing Cal to straighten and flip the lighter closed.
He took the cigarette out, smoke puffing out of his mouth. “I never fucking quit, man.”
Lance stared at his face, finally realizing how hollow and tired his eyes looked. He focused on breathing, trying not to collapse as he spoke.
“Jesus, Cal... What else did you go back to?” The tears welled up again but Lance forced them away, converting the feeling to anger that growled through clenched teeth. “What about your sister? What about your mom?”
Cal quickly raised an eyebrow, and Lance knew exactly what was going through his brain: how did this freak know about any of that?
Lance watched him step away, withdrawing the cigarette and pointing it at him. A long trail of smoke came out of his mouth as he said, “Don’t fucking let me see you again. I’ll beat the shit out of you, got it?”
“Cal...” He couldn’t be serious...
“Got it?”
Lance held the pressure of his reply against his mouth, focusing on breathing and not breaking down. The one thought that still held onto this all being some giant joke shattered when Cal yelled, barking the question again.
“Yes!” Lance answered, nearly screaming the word. “Yeah, I fuckin’ got it!”
He was glaring, trying to convert that desperation into something other than this horrible sadness. But this was an anger Cal was eager to match; he straightened, tilting his chin up as his expression matched Lance’s glare.
Lance kept breathing, kept focusing on that anger like it would somehow solve everything.
Just wake me up, he thought, speaking to whatever higher force was possibly out there. Just let this be another dream.
Cal turned around, taking a quick drag that was exhaled as a tight ring of smoke.
“Good,” he replied finally.
The air Lance had been focusing on moving in and out of his lungs disappeared. He watched, staring at Cal’s legs, remembering the scar that was formed on one of them and feeling his mind begin to crack. His hands moved to his hair, fingers threading through and palms pressing against his head. He closed his eyes, body hunching forward as he struggled to breathe through clenched teeth. Tears were forming, and Lance focused on pushing them down. His body began shaking in response, trembling everything except his hands and the feet still placing him on the sidewalk. The same sidewalk Cal was using to walk away from him.
He doesn’t remember me, Lance thought, forcing another breath in, his lungs shaking from the weight. Nobody... No one does...
Why can’t I wake up?
He knew why he was denying reality so heavily, why he was grasping at a weak form of control.
Because without this, what did he have?
Nothing…
No one…
“Please...” The word cracked as it fell from his mouth. He squeezed his eyes shut a little tighter, his body bowed inwards a little bit more. “Please just let this be a dream...”
He continued to stand. He continued to shake, feeling a sudden breeze against the skin his hoodie didn’t cover. The one his mom had told him to wear. Lance felt himself break a little bit further.
Fire whipped out from the ground beside him. He didn’t move, knowing who it was. The flames died down, spiraling and casting another burst of warmth towards Lance, who tried to block the feeling out. Everyone, absolutely everyone, had forgotten about him... And the only person who knew he existed was this guy?
I have to be crazy.
Zooka’s glowing light came back; Lance felt like screaming.
Sensing something was happening in front of him, Lance looked up, opening tired eyes. His lids stung as they parted, revealing the sight of Cal standing a few feet away. Hope, pure sweet hope, kick started Lance’s heart again, but something was different about his best friend; he wasn’t blinking. Or moving.
Zidane reached out a hand, touching the center of Cal’s forehead. Withdrawing a wisp that looked similar to the one that came out of Lisa’s head. Lance closed his eyes, finding himself nauseous for the second time.
“Why?” he asked. “Why is it like that?”
His brain scoffed at the question; this couldn’t be real. This couldn’t actually be what was happening. He was in some hospital, completely doped up out of his mind. Maybe in a room with nice padding.
“You mean why does it look like this?” Zidane returned. Lance tried to focus on the topic. He closed his eyes a bit more.
“Yeah.” The word was softer than he wanted it to be. Cracked out of his throat a bit, too.
“Thoughts and mental concepts themselves are a bit... Fluid, I guess you could say. They can’t really take on very much of a solid shape, but their ideas—in this case, memories—interlink together, forming what you see here.” He paused, enough for him to subtly motion with one hand or maybe even with the strand he was threading thin. “They’re pretty tricky to capture in general, too...”
“Why would someone do this?” Lance took a deep breath in. Let it out slowly. Calming the pressure ramming against his forehead. He tried to block out the image of that thing coming out of Cal’s forehead.
He focused on Zidane’s explanation, focused on the quiet words filling the silence between them.
“Whoever injected you probably didn’t want anyone trying to find you, family and friends included. It’s possible to do a massive slate, but that’s obvious, considering what’s happening now. It really just makes everything easier; gets rid of any possible confounding variables.”
Lance looked up, focusing on the crossbreed instead of his friend. Those blue eyes met his, Zidane’s head turning just a little bit to meet Lance’s stare. The color of that blue dropped significantly, becoming a deep navy.
Questions ignited in Lance’s brain, but he picked one of them.
“What’s a slate?”
Zidane had turned back to the strand, continuing to strip it down to a manageable size as he spoke. “My own term for memory wiping.” His head shook, a slight grimace coming to him. “Never really liked that phrase; someone getting ‘wiped’. Always thought it was a little bit Freudian.”
Lance dismissed the comment with a shake of his head. “So they erased everyone’s memory.”
“Yeah.” Zidane nodded. “But there’s a way to get it back.”
“But you can’t fuckin’ do that.”
A pause. “I’ll do what I can...” The bright strand slipped into his closing hand, disappearing as he turned towards Lance, both hands finding his pockets. Unconsciously, Lance straightened his posture; he didn’t realize how tall this guy was. At least six-foot-three.
“But our main priority really should be the cells inside of you,” Zidane continued. “There’s not a lot we can do if you’re gone by the time we restore these memories.”
“Cells...” Lance repeated, the word slipping from his mouth in a smiling breath. He closed his eyes, hand clawing through his hair as he looked down. “You’re still telling me I’m injected with whatever the fuck tailed-race type of bullshit?”
The littered sentence only served as a moment’s worth of comfort; soon, that pain was back. Lance opened his eyes, his hand dragging down to cover the right side of his vision. Blocking the sight of the sidewalk, the view of their shoes. Lance realized this was might be the last time he would see Cal’s scuffed up shoes. Tears, holes, and all.
“Spiro cells,” Zidane answered calmly.
“Whatever.”
“But yeah. That’s exactly what I’m saying.”
Lance shook his head. He pivoted, beginning to walk in the opposite direction of Zidane and Cal.
“Yeah,” he called over his shoulder. “I’m probably gonna pass on that, thanks.”
Zidane was suddenly in front of him, eyes nearly black and subtly glaring. Lance stopped walking, feeling the crossbreed’s fingertips on his shoulder hold him in place.
“Look,” Zidane was saying, “you really don’t have any clue how much danger you’re in right now. This—”
“So, what?” Lance interrupted, stepping away from his hand. “You really think I’m going to trust some guy that’s pulling mental DNA out of people’s heads?”
“No,” the response was nearly growled; whatever patience this guy had was beginning to wear thin. “I think you’re going to trust me because I’m the best chance you have at living.”
Lance couldn’t find a reply. He swallowed, trying to think back. But his memories were garbled with words and phrases—races, explanations—that didn’t make any sense.
“What’re you talking about?” he asked, keeping his eyes shut. “You’re acting like I’m dying.”
“You are,” Zidane replied. “Why do you think I’m so persistent about helping you? I’m trying to save your life.”
Lance focused on that question, that statement. Put his mind into those words. That part made sense, at least a little bit.
“No...” He stepped back again, shaking his head. “No, this isn’t happening.”
He expected some sort of response. But he didn’t hear anything. Didn’t hear a footstep, didn’t hear any type of reply. Lance opened his eyes, seeing Zidane still standing there. But he was looking at something past Lance; those eyes wide with something of alarm or fear or maybe both.
Before Lance could completely turn around and follow his stare, his sleeve was grabbed. His back hit the wall of a nearby alleyway, his surroundings teetering for a moment before he suddenly saw people walking by. Lance focused, seeing them look around as if searching for something.
Something in Lance’s brain was triggered; the briefest flash of something warm and familiar. He couldn’t pinpoint the memory or anything about it; a second later, the crossbreed’s voice was inside his head again.
“I need you to sink inside the wall.”
What? Lance returned.
“Sink. Into. The wall.”
Lance leaned back, feeling the wall give way behind him. He panicked momentarily, about to lean forward again before feeling the back of an arm press against him, gently pushing him further. Lance looked to his side, seeing the bricks slowly move past his head.
“Teleportation.” Zidane’s voice again. “Discreet enough so they won’t notice.”
So who won’t notice?
The reply never came; Lance suddenly stumbled back, his feet echoing on hardwood floor. He was staring at a wall he hadn’t seen in over five years.














Chapter Six
Answers

Lance spun around, taking in the view of the cabin’s main room. Everything was exactly as he remembered it, forcing a massive pang of nostalgia into his chest.
Why was he here? Why, out of all the possible places they could’ve gone, why had they gone here?
Lance tried to block out the fact that he’d just come through a wall. He tried to focus on something else, but everything he saw—whether it was an armchair or the hallway or the kitchen area—just triggered the sight of Lisa’s fearful face. The knife catching light as she held it to him in defense.
This isn’t happening. This isn’t real.
He felt these thoughts come through his lips as well, his mind barely registering how hunched over his body was, how tightly his eyes were shut as he tried to fight back a sudden burst of nausea.
This can’t be real. But with the memory of his mother, of Cal, of Cassie’s laughter, he knew all of it was.
His body responded, stomach lurching upwards and mouth opening to spew out its contents. Fire surrounded him again, and when the flames dissipated, Lance’s knees hit the tile flooring of the bathroom. Hands found the open rim of a toilet bowl as the water splashed with deep, solid impacts.
He barely caught the sight of something semi-translucent and white before his eyes shut again, another wave of whatever it was coming out of him.
Quickly, Lance found that he couldn’t breathe. His entire existence was being reduced to feeling his stomach clench and another burst of liquid churning out of his mouth, splashing into the toilet again. He tried to curl his fingers, tried to focus on that, but his hands stretched out as a painful burn ripped up from his throat, a strong scent of something unfamiliar invading his nose. 
He forced a breath in through his mouth, trying to gather some air before another wave set in. His inhale was interrupted, cut short as he vomited again, nearly screaming out from the pain in his stomach—like the organ was folding in on itself. He couldn’t even question why this was happening anymore; he could only focus on his body rejecting whatever substance was inside him, hearing the impacts thicken as the pile reached past the toilet’s water.
Lance tried to lift a finger, tried to reach up towards the lever and flush the water down. But another painful burst forced his body to lunge forward, forced his face closer to the pile and his ears closer to the thick sounds of his stomach’s contents being splattered against itself.
Eventually, finally, the time between these waves grew longer. Lance forced a breath in, filling his lungs halfway with this disgusting scent. His painful exhale exhalation was interrupted as a few spurts of bile retched from his throat, coughed out of his mouth. His hand curled against the toilets lid, a quiet desperation for all this to stop...
His stomach clenched again, sending out one more burst of stomach acid. He coughed, motions that were reduced to fidgets against his mouth as his eyes shut. Lance focused on forcing the coughs back, focused on not seeing the sight of Cal’s face or his mother’s. But it was hard to do, with the darkness behind his eyelids.
His eyes opened again, and with shaking legs, Lance got to his feet, bracing himself against the back of the toilet.
“Here.”
He looked towards the voice, seeing a damp washcloth extended out to him. Lance took it, his mind too tired and numb to give thanks. He wiped at his mouth before folding it and pressing the cloth to his lips, eyes closing and trying to rid himself of the headache that had set in.
He heard the toilet flush, the sound piercing through his head and causing a slight wince. What had he just thrown up? It didn’t even look like anything he’d ever seen before... And definitely not something he’d eaten...
His eyes opened, remaining unfocused as they looked to Zidane. The crossbreed noticed his stare, and through fuzzy vision, Lance watched a light amount of worry come into the space between those dark eyes.
Lance forced himself to speak, feeling the rawness of his throat protest.
“What did I just throw up?”
His voice was quiet; much weaker than he wanted it to be. Lance forced himself to focus, trying to clear his throat as he listened to Zidane’s voice.
“If I had to guess, it’d probably be whatever they were keeping you alive with,” Zidane replied, looking down into the toilet. “Spiros have reactions to certain human foods, so they probably went with something more pure.”
Lance felt his head throb a little bit harder at the explanation. He moved the cloth to his forehead, feeling the blood beat under his skin. He kept his eyes to the floor, not daring to close them again for longer than a standard blink. The coldness of the cloth was something he tried to focus on, and even Zidane's voice was something he latched his attention onto.
“Are you feeling alright?”
“No,” Lance responded, “I feel fucking terrible.”
Zidane quickly nodded. “You’re right; horrible question to ask.” His foot shifted back, stare remaining low to the floor. Lance dropped his gaze away from him again, wiping the sweat off his forehead with the corner of the cloth.
“Thanks for the washcloth...” he muttered, part of his brain yelling at him for even saying something like that. The other part just wanted something of a distraction.
“Don’t mention it,” the crossbreed replied.
Lance brought the cloth away from his face and folded it again, watching how it diminished under his hands. But again, the distraction was only momentary. He found himself speaking again.
“What’s going to happen to me?” he asked, bringing his stare to Zidane.
Those eyes rose again, and Lance watched their color deepen further. He tried to fight back the feeling of fear, the darkness rising up from somewhere deep in his gut.
“I’m not sure,” Zidane said, his voice hushed. He looked away again, his eyes remaining the same deep blue as before. “I have some ideas on how to get the cells out, but I don’t have the means to actually try anything yet.”
Zidane stepped to the side as Lance passed by him, giving absolutely no protest as Lance tossed the washcloth into the sink and continued out of the bathroom. He moved down the hallway, trying to fight back the childhood memories that the new setting triggered. But every door to every room he passed by was just part of another moment that only he remembered.
This isn’t happening. The thought was a punch to the gut. He tried to fight back a wince, continuing on into the main room crossing it and going into the kitchen area. He forced his own mind away, completely focusing all of his energy on the simple task of finding a glass he could put some water in, but he knew exactly where the cups were. His muscles acted on their own, retracing steps and movements he’d watched his mother make when he’d been too small to reach the upper cabinets.
Lance took the cup in one hand, feeling a sharp pain as he remembered watching his mother turn around, her fear knocking over the cup she was taking from the shelf. He kept his hands steady, focusing on not doing the same thing as he brought it over to the sink
Lance kept his mind as blank as possible, his unfocused eyes watching the faucet’s water fill up the tall glass.
“I know you probably have a lot of questions.”
Shock bolted through Lance; how the fuck did this guy sneak up on him like that? He hadn’t even heard a footstep.
He heard Zidane say something else; some start of an apology. Lance forced his eyes closed for a moment, feeling the water overfill the glass and rush down his hand. When he felt calm enough, he gently cleared his throat, shut off the water, and turned around.
Zidane sat on the back of the couch, long legs dangling off and eyes patiently waiting. Lance thought back to what the crossbreed had said.
He took a sip of water, swishing it inside his mouth. He turned, spitting out in the sink.
“So, what?” he asked casually. “You’re helping get these things out?”
“If you want me to.”
A grin hitched onto Lance’s mouth as he turned back, barking out a single laugh. Staring down at his water as he gently swirled the glass, he spoke.
“Yeah. No fuckin’ thanks, man. Sorry, but I don’t got anything to worry about.”
Zidane didn’t reply. Lance briefly looked up, seeing him rest his chin against a fist. Still sitting on the back of the couch, arm propped against his thigh. An eyebrow was raised. Lance thought about his family; his mother and friends. That was real. Even if the cells weren’t... Their memories of him were gone. That part was real.
He took another sip of water, swallowing it down this time. His throat still burned; probably would for a while.
“You said you could get their memory back?” he asked, raising his stare to Zidane again.
The crossbreed nodded, straightening his posture and letting his hand fall away. “Yeah. I know someone who can help.”
“Who?”
Zidane shook his head, dismissing the question. “It’s a long story,” he replied. “Hopefully you don’t have to know it.”
Lance raised an eyebrow. What the hell was that supposed to mean?
“Alright.” He set the glass of water on the counter beside him. “So how do we get to your friend? Does the sink suck us in or do we go down the toilet this time?”
Zidane smiled at the sarcasm. “I could teleport us that way, if you really wanted to. But I need to make some preparations before we go anywhere.”
“Like what?”
The crossbreed shook his head again. “Another long story. The short version is that I gotta break through some pretty heavy barriers, which takes more energy than I have.”
Lance paused. “Barriers?”
“Between the Razalek and human territories.” Zidane slipped off the couch, landing on his feet. He straightened his back, hands slipping into his pockets. “Safety measure, in case you guys ever found out how to teleport.”
A sound of disbelief shot through Lance’s teeth. “Yeah, you guys’ve got nothing to worry about. And we sure as hell wouldn’t go into the center of the Earth, either.”
Zidane shrugged. “Miscalculation, maybe.”
“Whatever,” Lance muttered. He leaned back, resting the bottom of his shoe flat against the cabinet behind his leg. “So this energy, however much it takes to break through. You don’t have it?”
His head shook. “No,” Zidane replied. “It’s part of being a mixed breed.”
“Bet your parents are happy about that.”
When no reply came, Lance looked up, seeing Zidane’s eyes had turned so dark they were nearly black. Something about the color shoved a horrible amount of sadness into Lance’s already weak stomach.
“Uh, sorry.” Lance looked away. “Didn’t know that would be a sore spot.”
Zidane blinked, his eyes reverting to a neutral blue. “It’s alright.” He cleared his throat, looking to the floor before his stare lifted to Lance. “You should probably get some sleep; you’re looking a little tired.”
Lance briefly raised both eyebrows. He picked up his water again, taking a sip before speaking.
“Something tells me I’ve been sleeping a lot lately; I woke up feeling pretty refreshed.” He looked up, watching Zidane from the rim of his glass. “You know how long I’ve been out for?”
The crossbreed stared at him before giving a shrug, shaking his head a little bit. “I have no idea. What’s the last date you remember?”
“November 5th.” That’s the date I heard this guy’s voice in my room.
“Today’s January 18th.” He included the year, too; there were only a few months in between the dates.
“You’re joking,” Lance laughed. “Today’s my birthday.”
Something about that statement sucked the color right out of Zidane’s eyes. He shifted his weight, looking down at the floor.
“I’m sorry,” he said. “I’m sure this wasn’t what you were planning.”
“Oh, no.” Lance motioned with his glass as if toasting. “I was planning on only having one more year before I moved out. My friends and I should’ve had our demo CD recorded by now, hopefully picked up something of a deal.” He laughed, ignoring the pain in his throat. “But y’know, stuck in a cabin with some weird guy that can teleport me through walls is totally cool, too. Great celebration for my seventeenth.”
“You’re not stuck here, you know,” Zidane replied, his eyes still dark as he glanced towards the front door. “It’s not like I’m taking you hostage.”
“Mm.” Lance put his glass, now empty, down again. “Kind of; you are a little bit.”
The door opened on its own, the knob gently banging against the wall as the entrance finished moving.
“Go on,” Zidane said. “If you want to leave, then leave.”
Lance shook his head. “I can’t. But you know that, right?”
Zidane didn’t reply; he only looked away, the sunlight catching the small amount of blue in his eyes. The sun was beginning to set, the orange hue only making Lance think of the hotel room they’d been in earlier. The walls were red. That was before he even knew what was going on. What was happening, with his family, with himself.
He blocked out the thoughts.
“These cells aren’t really in me, are they?” he asked.
Zidane was quiet, like he was surprised Lance would even ask.
“What makes you say that?”
Lance shrugged, hand gripping the edge of the counter. “I dunno... I’m not sure why they would be...” A pain began to surface near the front of his head, forcing his eyes closed. He raised his other hand to it. “I don’t even know if this race exists.”
Zidane took a single step forward. “How can I prove that to you, Lance?”
Lance shook his head. “I don’t know,” he said quietly. His stare drifted to the kitchen table between them before catching sight of Zidane’s tail.
“Why the tails?”
“It’s leftover after from our birth,” the crossbreed replied, the thin limb they were speaking of gently whipping out. “Another long story.”
Lance met his stare, keeping his body hunched. “You have a lot of those.”
A smile came; one that was almost sad. “I’ve done a lot of things.” His eyes darkened as he said this, the color dropping a few shades.
“Your eyes keep doing that.”
“Doing what? Changing shades?”
“Yeah. That a racial trait?”
Zidane nodded. “I’m pretty sure I mentioned it before. It deals with emotions; the more positive the feeling, the brighter the eyes get.”
“Right.” Lance lifted his head to the ceiling, stretching out his neck and hearing it quietly pop. “Have my eyes been doing that?”
The question was mostly sarcastic but soon he saw a flash of light coming towards him. A hand mirror being tossed, the speed slow enough for him to reach out and catch it.
“See for yourself.”
Giving Zidane a look, Lance turned the mirror to himself and looked down into it. He looked awful, but not as bad as he remembered himself looking a few months ago. The tired lines and purple streaks that been haunting his eyes were gone. His hair was completely messed up, though. He almost raised a hand to fix it when Zidane’s voice reached him, speaking from the other side of the room.
“You remember that thing you couldn’t explain, right?”
His stomach snarled with discomfort. Way to make things awkward...
“Can you focus on that feeling again?”
Lance was almost tempted to deny it. The edge of his teeth clamped down on his tongue, forcing the words not to escape.
“And now you’re quiet,” Zidane murmured. He looked back to Lance, eyes flicking down as if urging him to look back in the mirror.
A photo had been placed in between the reflective glass and frame. Though they were closed, her eyes caught Lance’s focus immediately. That bolt of warmth came down again, cracking into his very being like lightning screaming across the sky. He couldn’t really breathe; he couldn’t really feel his heart beating, either. His entire existence was captured by the sight of her and this incredible warmth blossoming from his chest. The snapshot was instantly memorized; how her head was turned away, wind sweeping tendrils of medium brown hair past the features of her face. How Zidane was in the photo as well, his face hidden in the crook of her neck, arms wrapping around her waist, gently holding her hands in his.
Lance could finally place a face to that name...
One corner of the picture suddenly lifted out of the mirror. Another corner lifted, and as if a sudden wind blew, the photo fluttered to the floor. Lance stopped himself from grabbing it, the muscles in his arm tensing. He relaxed, watching the photo disappear into the kitchen tile, and tried to ignore the feeling of disappointment.
His hand raised to his hair as he looked away, sweeping his fingers into it.
“Why’d you show me that?”
“Look back to the mirror.”
Lance looked to Zidane instead, raising one eyebrow. The expression instantly faltered, noticing a look of surprise come to the crossbreed as their eyes met.
Confused, Lance looked down to the mirror, finding himself shocked as well.
His eyes were much brighter than before, now only a few shades shy of medium brown. That feeling was still inside him, too. What was it?
“Can’t explain it, right?” A small smile was in Zidane’s voice, a joke underneath his words.
Lance gritted his teeth, watching the brightness of his own eyes quickly fade, the glow in his chest disappearing as well.
“Change of light,” he said.
“When the sun’s setting?”
“You did it!”
Zidane just shrugged, hands in his pockets again. “Not sure why I would do that. But you’re admitting I’m real, then?” He moved his weight over to one side, continuing on. “Okay, let’s take it a step further. Considering all of this is possible”—His hand left his pocket, the coffee table behind the couch suddenly levitating, the TV turning on, and Lance’s body suddenly being unable to move—“How far of a ‘leap’ is it to say that those cells are, in fact, injected in you?”
The pressure released, the furniture resuming its normal position again and the TV shutting off.
“But I can’t do that stuff, right?” Lance asked.
Zidane nodded. “Right. Spiros are different and they can’t. But you see my point, don’t you?”
Lance looked away, finding himself in a corner with a position he couldn’t defend. He shook his head. “Why? Why would someone do this?”
“Guess we’ll have to find that out, too.”
“So—” His anger flared, momentarily making him at a loss for words. “You just show up and expect to me to let you help with this?”
“I’d like to,” Zidane replied kindly. “It’d be better than the alternative.”
Lance raised one eyebrow. “Which is what?”
“The group that passed by us earlier.” Zidane said. “Those were Spiros. They disguise themselves as human, and if they find you, I can guarantee that they will brutally kill you.”
Lance tried to find his voice. He watched Zidane’s eyes become nearly black.
“W-what? How... Why would they even...”
“A human mixed with Spiro”—There was a hint of a question in the crossbreed’s voice; more of a lead-in to the topic at hand—“There’s absolutely no way they’d let you live. That’s probably what they were searching for when they passed by.”
“You’re saying they were looking for me?”
Zidane shrugged, way too casual for Lance’s comfort. “Either that or they probably got wind of my scent. That’d make more sense, actually. I deal with that sort of stuff a lot.”
“Because you’re a mixed or whatever.”
The crossbreed nodded. “Yeah.” He raised a hand to scratch the back of his neck, eyes closing for a moment. “I try to avoid populated areas; those confrontations tend to get a bit violent.”
Lance looked away, trying to think of something that actually made sense. He waited for a moment, seeing if maybe he would wake up. Be back in his own bed, only worrying about the remaining days until he moved out of his house, away from his mom.
He shoved Lisa’s scared face out of his mind, forcing his memories to reach back further. Back to the hospital, back to a face he’d been warned about.
“That guy... Thing or whatever,” he began, looking back to Zidane. “The one who kidnapped me. He mentioned my dad was injected with this.”
Eyebrows rose. “The cells?”
Lance nodded, thinking again. “Said something about him lasting for four minutes.” He tried to push back the tightness in his throat. “My... My mom was getting really weird, too. She suddenly had to leave and she was telling me about how he drove off into a bridge and then drowned. Like... First it was just some kind of car accident and then her entire story changed.”
Zidane was quiet for a long moment. “It sounds like she was sparked.”
“Sparked?”
“It’s my own way of saying there were words or ideas planted inside her mind. The Razalek who influenced her probably didn’t care enough about the delivery, or maybe just not enough to give her much of a solid idea to go off of.”
Lance remembered how weird the doctor was acting when he came into their room. Talking about how his blood type would make things tricky and how Lisa wouldn’t be around for any operations.
He was completely fucking with us.
“You don’t know the guy who did that?” he asked, his hand clenching the side of the counter until his fingers hurt.
“No,” Zidane replied. “Even getting his face was a lot of work...”
Lance waited, expecting him to continue on. After a long moment, Zidane spoke again, his voice quietly traveling to Lance and instilling a feeling of darkness.
“Do you know what line of work your dad was in?”
Lance stared for a moment, trying to decipher the question. Then he shook his head. “N-No. I don’t really know anything about him.”
Zidane took a step back, sitting on the edge of the couch again, studying the floor below with dark eyes.
“It’s possible that whoever did this has specific areas they go to. Like sectioning off different animals to slaughter.” He looked up at Lance, a concern coming to him. “Sorry; probably not the best analogy.”
“So... You’re saying it’s because of what my dad did for a living?”
Zidane nodded a little bit. “It’s honestly just a hunch, but it’d make sense.”
“I...” Lance tried to think, tried to remember some detail about his father. But nothing came up. Nothing except for small flashes of solemnness from his mother whenever he asked, and then the conversation they’d had in the hospital. Lance shook his head. “I have no idea what my dad did. I mean, I just recently found out about his hobbies...”
“Do you know his name?” Zidane asked after a small hesitation.
Lance looked up, a little confused as he told the crossbreed. Zidane nodded.
“There’s an organization called MOCT,” he began, “stands for Medical and Occupational Combat Training. It’s a government owned thing, but I’ve heard his name float around over the years.” He paused, seeming like he was thinking hard about something. “I’ve heard he was a fairly legendary sniper; broke a lot of records just during his first few months of training.”
“Wait,” Lance said, “hold on, so you’re part of this organization, you work for the government? What?” He looked back down to the tail, once more at a loss for words. “Why... How...”
Zidane grinned. “Another long story, I guess.”
Before Lance could gather a reply, the crossbreed focused on the floor, growing solemn again.
“The reason I brought that up was because of my point earlier. There’s a level of... Skill usually needed to get into MOCT, and there’s another level of skill needed in order to move up the ranks.”
“So...” Lance put a hand to his hair, trying to fight back a sudden lightheadedness. “You’re saying they picked him because he was like ‘fit’ enough or something?
Zidane nodded. “I’d think so. They might’ve had someone inside the organization to select potential hosts.”
“Hosts...” Lance breathed. “So this thing is like a virus, then?”
“We could classify it that way,” Zidane said. “It might be better to think of it as a parasite now, though.”
Lance stifled a curse, absolute fear shocking his blood. Zidane noticed his expression and tried to grin.
“I mean, it’s really nothing we can’t deal with,” he said, holding up a hand in defense. “There’s a way around this, I’m sure of it, Lance.”
“Like what?” Lance asked, feeling himself become frantic. “We—we go through walls because there’s some of these not human things after us? Are you—are you gonna tell me that you’re actually from fucking Hogwarts or some shit?” He tried to breathe, forcing air into his lungs and shutting his eyes until it hurt. “This... This could kill me. These...”
“Lance...” Zidane extended a hand, bringing his fingertips downward. Instantly, Lance felt the panic subside, sinking down until it didn’t exist anymore. “I need you to calm down, alright? Trust me when I say I know what I’m doing with this.”
“O-okay.” Lance’s voice was nothing but a whisper. He stared at the floor and took in a breath, repeating Zidane’s words in his head. But they didn’t really make sense; how could Lance trust someone he hardly knew?
With the stillness between them, the first silence that had come about in a long while, Lance felt the exhaustion finally creep up. Not just a physical one, either. His emotions were absolutely drained, the weight sinking against his brain and pulling his mind downwards into a state of absolute fatigue. He closed his eyes, focusing on the blackness.
“I need to lie down...” he muttered.
“Okay.” Zidane’s feet gently came back to the floor, slipping him off of the couch again. “Is there anything I could get you?”
Lance shook his head, tired eyes opening as he walked back towards the hall, feeling Zidane’s concerned stare follow him.
“Just some space...” Lance replied.
“Alright.” Zidane’s voice was even quieter, and as Lance started down the hallway, the lights above came on. Illuminating, chasing away the darkness that had begun to creep in from the outside.
With one hand on the doorknob to a bedroom, Lance turned to look back. Zidane was gone, the bright lights of the main room replacing his presence.








Chapter Seven
The Beginning

Lance woke up, and for a fleeting moment, he was at peace.
Then he realized he was not in his room, not in his home. Memories crashed against the surface of his consciousness, forcing him to quickly sit upright, the bed sheets falling off his upper body and crumpling onto his lap. He tried to block out every thought that came to him.
But he couldn’t run from his life; what it had been, what it was now...
Even still, Lance didn’t want to think. He didn’t want to revisit the past, so he looked to the other side of the room, catching sight of his reflection in the mirror. For a single moment, he wanted to laugh. His hair was incredibly messed up.
A memory played.
“Nice bed head. Didn’t know you liked me enough to copy my style.”
Lance hunched himself forward, bowing as his hands found his face. He sighed, trying to block out the memories. Trying to think of something that wasn’t so painful.
How did his life get like this? How did he end up so alone?
Music caught his ears. An instrument; something with strings being plucked. Sounded like more than one... Like there was a bass instrument being played as well.
He stood, remembering Zidane was here, too. The present moment caught up with him, and he swallowed back the fear. He had to get on friendly terms with this guy, if they were going to continue on like this.
If there’s even these cells in me in the first place. I still don’t really have much proof.
But the way his eyes brightened when he saw that picture. That feeling in his chest...What was that, then, if not those cells?
He shook his head, dismissing the question. He couldn’t figure it out, wouldn’t be able to. He could only walk forward, pad his way into the hall, and follow the music guiding him into the main room.
Whatever instrument Zidane was playing, it wasn’t something Lance had heard before. The feeling it brought him was strange, too. Almost a state of elevation, of bliss. This emotion steadily increased the closer he got to the living room, and upon reaching the very end of the hall, Lance stopped in the entrance way.
Zidane was sitting on the couch, one socked foot resting against the edge of the coffee table, something like a guitar in his lap. Quickly, Lance figured out it wasn’t anything he had seen before; even double-necked guitars had their fretboards parallel to each other. This instrument’s upper neck was tilted, and the crossbreed’s tail was wrapped around it almost like a third hand.
Lance found himself moving closer, completely transfixed by the instrument. That blissful feeling was getting much stronger, too, each note rippling the emotion into him all over again.
He stopped off to the side of the armchair, hands in the pockets of his hoodie and eyes continuing to sweep along the instrument’s body. It was scythe-like, a narrow triangle allowing a place for the ridiculous amount of strings and then sweeping downwards, the curve passing under Zidane’s bent leg and then tapering off into a nasty looking point near the opposite side, almost creating a full circle. Definitely scythe-like. The inner curve was jagged with teeth of varying lengths. Lance suppressed a shudder, unable to be truly freaked out with the serene atmosphere the instrument was creating.
Lance flicked his stare to the crossbreed’s face, noticing his eyes were still closed and his hands were still continuing to move. His right hand shifting into chords Lance hadn’t seen before—the fingers were so spread out it nearly looked painful. There were a hell of a lot of strings on this instrument; Lance quickly estimated there had to be at least twenty—ten on each fretboard. The strings were fairly close together, too, and there had to be a meticulous amount of precision in placing the fingertips of the fretting hand solely on the strings that needed to be played. Lance figured that out quickly, judging from the clawed position Zidane’s hand went into when closer chords were formed.
The upper fretboard seemed to act like some kind of bass; that must’ve been the sound he heard before. With how flat and straight the crossbreed’s tail was pressing against the strings, only barre chords could be played. Lance found himself both fascinated and a tad freaked out by the way the tail slid along to different sections, creating different pitches triggered by a flick of the thumb. Lance held down a grimace; he’d probably never get used to that tail...
The notes began to slow, continuing to ring out with that emotion hovering inside of Lance’s chest. When they’d stopped completely, a silence echoing out, Zidane’s eyes opened. The brightness of the instrument faded as well, nearly matching the shade of Zidane’s irises.
The crossbreed’s stare suddenly flicked up, and his eyes lightened slightly. The instrument, however, turned a medium shade of yellow.
“Hey! I’m glad to see you’re awake.”
“Yeah, morning,” Lance replied absently. “What the hell is that thing?”
“Oh, this?” Zidane looked down at the instrument, then shot Lance a grin. “This is something called an Ekelno. Basically the Spiro version of a guitar.” As he spoke, the instrument’s color became a light green.
Lance stared, eyes wide. “The... It just changed...”
Zidane nodded a few times, looking over at the upper fretboard as his tail unwrapped from it. “That’s part of what makes Ekelnos so unique,” he began. “They pick up on the user’s emotions and transfer it to whoever’s listening.”
“Transfer it?”
A short hum confirmed the question, and with the Ekelno’s body a deeper shade of green, Zidane’s fingers moved again, plucking a few notes. The sound was much different than before; nearly that of a harp. The low, beautiful sounds faded and Lance was left with the emotions they shot into him. A deeper sense of peace. More grounded, in a way; like he was deep inside the middle of a forest.
“That’s weird,” he breathed, trying to force back a grin because he still didn’t trust this guy. “That thing’s really weird...”
Zidane nodded a little bit. “Yeah, probably is.” His stare went to Lance again, and with a grin, he asked, “You wanna try playing it?”
“Playing it?” Lance repeated, but the instrument was already being held out to him, the coloring now a light purple. He reached forward, wrapping one hand around the bottom neck. Much thicker than he was used to, but what surprised him more was the shade of royal purple that spread a few inches away from his palm.
Curiosity getting the better of him, Lance brought the instrument onto his lap, having to step one leg through the large scythe-like curve in order to comfortably hold the Ekelno. He brought his mind away from the sheer weapon-like aspect of the instrument, paying more attention to the technicalities from a different, more up close angle. Taking note how the strings disappeared into the body of the Ekelno, and when they reached the knife-like headboard that had no tuning pegs, the strings disappeared into the colored material of the headstock.
“How do you tune this thing?” Lance asked, looking to Zidane.
The crossbreed kept his stare on the instrument, eyes sweeping along the bottom neck like he was studying it. “Emotions sort out the right tuning,” he replied after a moment. A change in the instrument’s color caught Lance’s eye, and he looked back down to the Ekelno. The shade of purple lightened a little bit more.
“So it changes based on mood?” he asked, and at Zidane’s nod, continued on. “What’s purple mean then?”
“You tell me.”
Lance tried to keep his own smile down. “Fascination, I guess.” He flattened his hand against the strings, running his fingers along them and finding a strange comfort in the motion. The Ekelno turned a soft green.
Lance tried to nod like that was perfectly normal. “Comfort,” he commented.
“Do you play?” Zidane asked, and Lance knew what he was referring to.
Raising one hand to casually scratch at his hair, Lance replied. “Yeah, I... Um, used to play guitar. For a little while. Was in a band, too, but...”
Memories broke free, and Lance tried to distract himself by staring at the near-black coloring of the Ekelno. 
“What’s black mean?” he asked, his voice weak and incredibly distant.
“Loss,” Zidane answered, matching the solemnness. “Deep grey in particular means fear and loneliness.” He brought Lance’s focus to the front of the instrument, where a small line of white streaked along one corner. The mark was jagged, almost like the body had been cracked. “There’s something of hope, though.”
Lance nodded, bringing his hand to his hair. “Right. The memories can come back...”
“Let’s see if we can focus on that emotion,” Zidane said, and Lance remembered the whole reason he was holding this thing.
He shifted his hands, positioning the fingers of his right hand along the strings of the bottom fretboard. Just focusing on the bottom six. There was a home-like comfort in the way his hands moved into a basic chord. And with a smile he realized the song he wanted to perform.
It was... strange to play. Almost therapeutic, in a way. His own emotions echoed back to him with every note, and that white coloring came to mind. He watched that line of white began to spread, slowly overtaking a part of the Ekelno’s body.
Memories came to him. Being in a garage with friends—some old, some brand new—laughing like idiots at messing up or just messing up on purpose. His mother peeking in on him while he practiced in his room, notes blaring from an amp he’d bought with his own allowance.
The line of white began to close, blackness overtaking it.
Lance tried to breathe right, tried to not focus on the shifting colors or the tightness in his chest.
How did my life get this way? How... I thought that, maybe after I woke up...
I thought everything would be normal again...
I thought everything would go back when I woke up.
The horribly distorted sound left scars inside his mind. He immediately stopped playing, hands running through his hair as he tried to breathe right. Just breathe; don’t have a panic attack. Just... Breathe...
He closed his eyes, pulling air in through his nose. Just focusing on that as he felt the Ekelno tip, body lightly hitting the hardwood floor beneath him. Lance wanted to apologize; wanted to say something because just sitting here wasn’t doing anything. But he couldn’t find the words to.
His stomach hurt, whether it was from the lack of food or the emotional train wreck he’d just created, Lance didn’t know.
There was a way to get their memories back—he had to remember that.
“How can their memories be restored, again?” he asked, dropping his hands but keeping his eyes closed.
“I need to combine memories from you with the samples I took,” Zidane replied calmly.
“And you need to break through those barriers before you do?”
“Yeah; that’s right. I need to visit a friend of mine.”
Lance was quiet, opening his eyes to see the Ekelno still balanced in his lap.
“Lance,” Zidane began.
He looked up, meeting the crossbreed’s eyes. Zidane was bowed forward, hands in front of his mouth.
“The only way Ekelnos work is if the user has at least a little bit of Spiro in their blood.”
Lance froze.
“What?”
He instantly denied it. This... This couldn’t be real. He just needed to wake up; that’s all.
I already did...
He swallowed, looking down at the black Ekelno. Watching it change to a deeper grey.
“There’s a way to get the cells out, right?” His voice seemed distant, even to his own ears.
Zidane nodded, and Lance felt the tension in his gut lift away. “Yeah,” he said. “We just need to find it.”
“And it starts with the barriers.”
Another slow nod, eye contact remaining unbroken.
“I’d like to get you some breakfast,” Zidane said. “If it’s okay.”
Lance looked down to the guitar again, then over to the left side of the room. Murmuring about how there was a way. There was a way.
“What do you like in your omelet?”
He turned, seeing Zidane was headed towards the kitchen area. Lance swallowed, blinking past tears wanting to well up.
“Meat,” he said. “If you’ve got it.”
Zidane glanced back. “Girlfriend’s a vegetarian; might be a little hard, but I’ll see what I can do.”
That bolt came into Lance again, obliterating every ounce of heartache. But confusion quickly stormed through, leaving him quaking internally again. Those cells...
Dammit.
“Is...” He hesitated, unsure if he really wanted to speak. “Is there another test you could do on me?” he asked.
Zidane looked back, blue eyes soft. “You mean to see how strong the cells are?”
Lance nodded; Zidane shook his head.
“Right now, I think it’s best to get some food in you. We can run a few more after breakfast.”
Lance watched his tail flick out as he spoke.
Aliens are weird.
Zidane suddenly looked towards him, a little surprised. “I completely forgot to mention that,” he said. He kept walking, heading towards the stove. “Yeah, we’re not aliens.”
Lance sat up. “What?”
Zidane crouched down in front of the lower cabinets, the sounds of pans gently rustling underneath his words. “Well, to put it simply”—He popped up again, a large pan in one hand—“We evolved from humans.”
Lance was suddenly at a loss for words. He hadn’t even been awake for five minutes and already his brain was twisted.
“How’s that even possible?”
“Well, in terms of evolution”—Zidane clicked on the stove, beginning to warm the empty pan, and raised himself up on the counter, focusing completely on Lance—”How is anything possible? Survival of the fittest, right? Most adaptive traits get passed on. So, a few turns down the road, different sets of species branched off.”
“And... They have tails and can levitate...” Lance’s words ended there; he was too confused to even continue speaking.
Zidane nodded kindly. “I mean, if you really wanted to, I could go into all of it.” He looked back to the stove, turning away from Lance. “It’s just a heck lot of science, if you really wanted to get down to it.”
“The...levitating. The spells and shit,” Lance began, trying to grasp the concept. “How is that something that came from humans?”
“Well”—Zidane massaged a knuckle against one closed eye—“I think the best explanation I’ve come across is that thoughts carry certain vibrations. They can affect your body, amplify diseases. Basically have a major influence on your environment and your life. With Razaleks, that... Ability just adapted into a way that made surviving easier.”
With a small raise of one hand, the door to an upper cabinet opened, one plate flying out and levitating on its side in front of Zidane. Lance watched the dish spin, the only prompt of momentum coming from a flick of Zidane’s finger over a foot away.
“Razaleks have organs that convert every bit of energy they get—whether it’s from food, dirt on their skin, chemicals they breathe in—and transfers it into another organ. Sort of like a pouch; it keeps that energy stored and ready to use whenever needed.” The plate was suddenly tossed to him, landing in waiting hands. Zidane flipped it over, looking at it for a moment before tossing it into the air again. It rolled away on one side, traveling in mid-air as he continued speaking. “And that energy allows us to do things like this.”
Lance watched the plate move, spinning further away in slow circles. Zidane had his hands on the counter for another moment before raising one of them; the plate suddenly yanked itself towards him, landing in his waiting grasp. Zidane looked to Lance, casually pointing with the dish.
“That answer your question?”
Lance nodded, still trying to make his mind work again. He could only keep wondering how this was possible; how humans didn’t know anything about this; how they couldn’t do anything close to what he just saw.
Lance thought again, focusing on the first question to come to mind; one he had while trying to fall asleep last night.
“Are there more like you?”
“You mean more mixed breeds?”
“Yeah.”
An instant shake of the head; a hand extended, another plate shooting out of the cabinet and into a waiting palm. “No; it’s nothing I’d wish on anybody.
Lance didn’t know what to say to that.
“Spiros and Razaleks are pretty hostile with each other, usually,” Zidane began. “There was a war that broke out about... two-hundred years ago, and recently ended in the last fifty.” He turned around again, withdrawing a fork from his sleeve. He motioned to Lance with the omelet. “You want the first one, or should I...?”
Lance instantly shook his head. He wasn’t about to take food from this guy. “No; I’m good.”
Zidane smiled a little, his eyes brightening. “You still think I’m gonna kill you?” he asked.
“You readin’ my mind again?”
With a laugh, Zidane materialized a translucent chart. The bar was set high, but the labels were made of a language Lance didn’t recognized. It nearly looked like a mixture of Arabic and Japanese.
“When you connect with a mind,” the crossbreed began, “you can choose the strength of that connection, or how many thoughts you hear.” His hand lowered a little, prompting the bar to lower as well. “The connection can’t be broken, so I’ll set the bar as low as I can; you’ll have to scream in your head in order for me to hear it.”
Fantastic, Lance thought.
Zidane smiled. “I heard that. Thanks for the sarcasm.”
You’re welcome. But this one was much quieter; something the crossbreed didn’t hear.
Zidane nodded a few times, as if approving of the silence.
“You really should have something to eat,” he said. “There’s another omelet being made, if you want it.”
A face flashed; the same girl he had seen in the photograph yesterday. She was making them, and it was with this thought that the feeling of light came to Lance again.
He swallowed, trying to rid the warm light in his chest and the heavy snarl in his gut.
He looked back to the stove top, seeing the pan warming nothing but air. So something was... Getting teleported over? From where?
Their house? He ignored the way his stomach knotted further.
“Where’s the omelet coming from?”
“You heard of place called MOCT?”
“Mocked?”
The abbreviation was repeated again, the T kindly emphasized. “Stands for Medical and Occupational Combat Training. I spend a lot of time there.”
Lance’s eyes went wide, realization hitting him. “This is the place you were talking about before, with working for the government.”
“Yeah. It’s a fairly new program that aims to train people in both medicine and combat; create the ultimate soldiers. I work in the SWAT division with a nod to sniping. My girlfriend’s in the pediatrics department.”
His eyes changed, when he mentioned children, the bright electric blue dimming to a medium shade. Lance thought back, remembering his reaction when his parents were mentioned.
“So...” You don’t have any parents?
Zidane remained quiet, and then looked away, staring at the floor near the refrigerator. He turned a little, speaking quietly. “Omelet’s done.”
“And it came from this weird facility?”
Zidane grinned. “Teleported over from apartment 207.”
Lance nearly declined again, but his stomach cried out, shriveling in on itself.
“You don’t mind vegetables, right?”
Lance looked up, seeing an omelet suddenly in the pan. The same one that had been completely empty a second ago. He watched Zidane slip a spatula underneath the omelet and remembered the question.
“N-no. I don’t really care.” His stomach was too empty to really protest, anyway. He stood, beginning to walk to the small kitchen area attached to the living room.
“Alright, good.” Zidane grinned, and with the omelet now on the plate from before, he pushed it over to Lance. With his steps slowing, Lance watched the dish float over, stopping a few feet away.
He wasn’t going to take it. Lance still didn’t know what this guy’s motives were. This could be poisoned, for all he knew.
He put a hand to the edge of the plate, gently pushing it back.
“You eat it.”
With the plate stopping in between them, Zidane leaned forward, grinning as his eyes brightened in pure amusement.
“You really think I’d do all this work just to poison you?”
Lance’s confidence faltered at the question. He briefly looked down, glancing to the omelet, stuttering for a single moment before regaining himself again.
“I really don’t know anything about you, Zidane.”
The crossbreed relaxed, giving a light shrug. “Ah, well, fair enough.” He raised a hand, the plate returning to his grasp. A fork was withdrawn from beneath his sleeve, and casually he began cutting into the omelet. Lance looked over to the countertop beside him, to the other fork he had set down.
“So what would make you trust me then?” Zidane asked before taking the first bite.
Lance hesitated for a moment, once again a little stunned at the bluntness. “I...” He thought of Zooka, and for some reason some part of him wanted to ask about her. But the rest of him shied away from the curiosity, denying any sort of significance.
“Think about it,” Zidane said kindly. He nodded to the pan, which now held another omelet. “That one’s yours, if you want it.”
That stupid feeling shot into him again. Lance almost shouted out of pure frustration, but he shunned the emotions away instantly, never letting them reach his face.
His stomach acting for him, Lance moved a little closer to the stove, part of his mind taking notice that Zidane had suddenly teleported to the other side of the counter. Keeping his distance, but for what reason, Lance didn’t know.
A plate floated up to him, a fork resting on top. Lance looked up from it, seeing Zidane sitting at the corner of the kitchen counter, eyes closed in pure contentment as he continued to eat.
With his stomach beginning to tie itself into small little knots, Lance took the plate with one hand, feeling the energy holding it up instantly give way. He looked to the omelet still warming in the pan, then looked to the spatula nearby. With a sharp protest from his stomach, Lance picked up the folded egg and slipped it onto his plate. As he sat down at the table, Lance started thinking about Zidane’s request.
There were a lot of things Lance was curious about, and of course the first thing that would come to his mind was Zooka. How her and Zidane met, why she was so important to him, what she was like... Lance shook away that last one, focusing on what else he needed to know. Really, there was just one big question that kept eating away at the back of his mind.
He waited for a few moments, making sure he had the words right. Then, with his stare on the plate below him and his hands folded near his mouth, Lance began to speak.
“I... Need to know why you’re here,” he said. “I need to know why you’re doing this, helping me.” He turned, meeting Zidane’s neutrally blue eyes. Another thought came up, the words sliding from him. “I need to know how you got to be the way you are.” His stare went to the tail, casually running along the edge of the counter before draping off. “With... Everything...”
Zidane was silent. His eyes had quickly turned dark when Lance finished speaking, and the blue continued to disappear as the crossbreed set his plate down beside him.
“You’re absolutely positive you want to know?”
After a brief hesitation, Lance nodded. “Yeah.”
“Alright...” Zidane slipped off the counter, hands in his pockets as he closed the distance in between the counter and the seat across from Lance. As he took the seat, Lance saw those eyes become nearly black.
A chill shot down Lance’s spine. What in the hell did he just get himself into?
Zidane cleared his throat, resting his arms on the table, bringing his hands together.
“So there’s a few ways we could go about this,” he began. “There’s two, actually. I could tell you about my life, where I grew up, how I got from point A to here, point B. Everything in between that will answer your questions.” He shrugged, and a moment later, his mouth hooked upwards in a small grin. “At least, I hope so. I’ve been told I’m really not all that easy to figure out. ‘Undeniably perplexing’, to quote the thought exactly.” He shook his head, and the small amount of sky blue in his eyes disappeared again. “Anyway, that’s option one. Your basic, verbal story.”
“What’s option two?”
“I can show you parts of my life.”
Lance waited for something more. When nothing else was said, he asked, “What’re you talking about, showing me?”
A small grin came to the crossbreed’s face. “You’ll have to pick it to find out.”
Lance thought back, remembered how dark Zidane’s eyes were when he had first asked, and how they were nearly black when the crossbreed had sat down in front of him.
A fear was pressing against his chest, somewhere deep inside. He was nearly tempted to back out, but the thought only became half of an idea before he forced it away. He couldn’t chicken out. There was way too much riding on the fact that he was here with someone he didn’t know. He had to at least understand their motives.
Lance was also tempted to stall; to confirm that Zidane would answer everything. But he found himself saying something else instead.
“Show me.”
Zidane nodded slowly, like he had seen the request coming. His eyes closed as he did this, beginning to open again and reveal that immensely deep coloring.
Pressure shot into Lance’s head; tiny and narrow, fast enough for a blip of a single idea to enter his head. Had he just been shot?
His body no longer existed. His mind was no longer confined to his own head; that energy spread itself out, and Lance saw nothing but darkness. Experienced nothing but a screaming agony that recoiled every single part of him. No; this wasn’t even agony. This was a pain that nearly reached past the physical plane.
All at once, it disappeared, and Lance found himself standing in an endless expanse of white. He was back in his own body, and other than feeling a bit weightless, Lance felt normal, and everything seemed intact. His location and what had just happened, however, was something he couldn’t figure out.
“Sorry about that.” Zidane stopped a few feet in front of him, a wide grin on his face. “Teleportation got a little rough.”
“Teleportation?” Lance asked, looking around. “What?”
“Uh, yeah.” Zidane replied, eyes lightening. “I’ll make it short and say that the mental realm exists, and I just teleported you into mine.” He shrugged. “Just like I’d teleport you anywhere else.”
“Fuckin’ weird...” Lance breathed, bringing his hands to his face, fingers sweeping through his hair. He suddenly looked up, a thought coming to him. “My body’s okay, right?”
Zidane nodded calmly. “Yeah. We’re both still sitting at the table.”
“Okay...” Lance let out a narrow sigh, looking around again. “This place seems a little empty, if it’s your mind...”
Zidane grinned. “You callin’ me stupid?”
Lance quickly dismissed the accusation, hearing Zidane’s laughter.
“I’m just kidding, Lance. I know; it’s empty because I haven’t chosen to show you anything yet. When I pick a memory...” His voice trailed off, one hand waving in dismissal. “Well, you’ll see what happens.”
He looked to Lance again, a soft smile on his face. “Ready?”
Lance nodded, and tried to force back the fear worming its way into his gut again.
“Alright.” Zidane put his head back, pulling in a breath and swiftly letting it out. With his eyes still closed, he spoke, the sound of his quiet words spreading color against their white surroundings.
“We’ll start from the beginning.”



Chapter Eight
Gold

Color pulsed out from under Zidane’s feet, spreading across the white, and curving upward as if a dome was being painted. The green grass turned to blue sky, and as the arch of color finished high above him, Lance noticed that there were no clouds.
Trees sprouted around him, their trunks reaching upwards and blossoming branches, leaves that ended a few feet above Lance’s head. When the forest was done forming, he found himself face-to-face with a tree.
An instinct called, and he reached up, plucking one of the leaves. The color changed at his touch, lilac bleeding into vibrant orange. Lance moved his thumb, sweeping it across the rough texture and feeling the leaf become smooth as it turned into that same orange shade.
“Reacts to body temperature,” a voice similar to Zidane’s said, speaking into his mind.
Lance turned, spotting nothing but rows of trees. He looked between them for a moment, and more than a few seconds passed before he noticed there was someone sitting against one of them. Curled in such a tight ball that Lance thought they were a rock at first. It would’ve been a rather strange rock, with the blue coloring of the long robe pooling around their feet, but then again this place was rather strange to begin with.
Lance took a small step forward, seeing the blonde hair. Long enough to cover their ears. He wondered if this child was indeed Zidane, but it seemed like they didn’t have a tail.
The arms that were wrapped around knees tightened a little, and even though the sleeves covered their hands completely, Lance could see the way their fingers curled. Clawing against their legs as if they wanted to hurt themselves with the force of their grip.
Something made Lance look over his shoulder. A woman walked past him, dark, golden eyes never acknowledging his presence. Somehow, as she started towards the child, Lance knew that her eyes were only getting darker, becoming a near black.
Her long tail swished, and Lance caught focus of the different markings decorating it. Leopard-like spots that were a lighter color than the main golden-tan of the limb.
Lance thought back, remembering Zidane’s tail. His was absolutely plain, no markings at all.
The woman stopped in front of the huddled figure, and he sensed those golden eyes brighten a bit. Becoming a medium shade. With careful, cautious movements, she got down on one knee, golden robe folding over itself and covering the grass below. She moved her other knee, resting on both of them. And with a steady, slow hand, she reached out, speaking only one word.
“Nachi.”
The child didn’t move. Her fingertips touched their small shoulder, resting for a single moment before spreading out. Placing her palm against them. There was love in that gesture; Lance felt the waves of care in the way her hand had moved. It nearly triggered memories for him; being in a hospital, seeing everyone for the last time...
He forced the feelings and the images away, training his focus onto the woman’s voice as she spoke again, light words ringing out into the silence of the forest.
“Come, Nachi. It’s time.”
The child finally moved. Their head shifted upwards, the bangs that had been resting against folded knees swinging downwards. Momentarily covering near-black eyes. The child looked up, meeting the woman’s gaze. Lance sensed her smile, and he saw the child’s eyes become tinted with blue.
The woman moved her hand from his shoulder, tending to the hair partially covering the child’s eyes. Sweeping it over to one side, exposing navy blue eyes completely.
Lance recognized the feeling those eyes brought him. A familiarity that he couldn’t place. He didn’t want to admit this child was Zidane; the features of his face were much too frail, much too... Weak. There was no sign of the confidence he’d almost grown accustomed to seeing. And those eyes just got darker as the woman lowered her hand away from his brow, holding her palm out between them and silently offering her assistance. The child placed a sleeve-covered hand in the center of her palm, and the shape was visible through the folds of the cloth. Incredibly small. Almost doll-like in size.
He stood up, an air of resignation in the movements of his legs, the way his other hand barely lifted out to the side in hopes for balance. With her hand gently wrapping around his, enfolding those small fingers, the child stopped wobbling. His hand was held a bit tighter, squeezed in a quiet congratulations.
Lance watched them walk together, heading in his direction. He kept his stare on the kid, wondering why he was so incredibly short. At least three feet.
How old were you? he wondered, and as the child passed by, those dark eyes lifted to meet his. Brightening, giving him a smile all on their own. One that was way too familiar to be ignored.
Zidane laughed as passed by. “I was about five,” he said, and the sound of his seventeen-year-old voice kept Lance from replying.
When Lance didn’t move, didn’t start walking behind them, Zidane turned around. The woman stopped walking, foot positioned to take another step. She froze completely, and Lance watched as Zidane beamed at him, frail features stretching a little wide.
“Yeah, probably pretty weird, huh?”
Lance almost wanted to tell him to stop talking like that because hearing that voice come out of such a small, weak-looking body was way too weird. He shook his head instead, running a hand through his hair, resting his eyes in closure.
“Yeah, it’s pretty weird,” he replied.
He was surprised to hear a laugh, the light sound making his eyes open again. His stare swept over to Zidane, seeing the crossbreed suddenly place hands in pockets of his robe—pockets that hadn’t been there before.
“It’ll make things easier,” he began. “Hearing my voice like it is now will let you know which part of me is talking—past or present. Memories might get a little confusing, so I’ll be explaining concepts that are probably pretty foreign, and I’ll also answer any questions you might have along the way. Make sense?”
Lance nodded. “Yeah.” He swept his stare over to the woman. “Is she...?”
Zidane returned his nod. “My mom,” he said quietly. His eyes stayed dark. “Anything else you wanna ask?”
Lance shook his head. “No,” he replied. “I’m good.”
“Let’s keep going then,” Zidane said, turning around and holding his mother’s hand again.
The memory picked up right where it left off, Zidane’s mother continuing her step and Zidane falling into place right after. Lance trailed behind, hands in the pocket of his hoodie as he looked around at the forest area. Wondering where exactly this was in relation to the surface.
“We’re near India right now,” Zidane said.
Lance’s brow furrowed. “Could you please stop talking like that?”
Zidane laughed, throwing his head back.
“Sorry,” he said after a moment or two. “Just trust that it’ll come in handy, okay?”
Still super weird...
They continued on, turning right and heading down a new path. If it wasn’t for the trees, Lance would’ve thought this to be a normal forest. No animals were around, however, and this was something he wondered about until Zidane’s voice came into his head.
“Don’t wanna scare you off,” he said. “Trying to avoid a culture shock.”
What the hell’s wrong with the animals? Lance asked.
Zidane laughed. “Nothing; they’re just a bit different. You’ll see in a bit, but mainly when we head to Razel, the Razalek territory.”
Oh. Lance breathed out a bit. Okay. He was quiet for a moment before asking, They have the same animals?
Zidane nodded. “Yeah. Part of the peace treaty after the war.”
Lance subtly nodded back, looking over to the nearby trees as they passed them. They glowed slightly, the illumination reminding him of fireflies.
His gaze drifted over to Kyrene, noticing how different her clothing was compared to Zidane. She wore an outfit that reminded him of barbarian armor minus the fur—a tight tunic and pants with a slanted satchel at her hip—the coloring a medium gold that matched her eyes. But upon seeing how she had a long tail, and Zidane’s was nowhere to be seen, Lance stopped making comparisons.
“What...” The question of where his tail was never escaped his mind. He saw Zidane look over his shoulder, his eyes a little darker.
“I’ve always tried to hide it,” he began, and Lance saw movement from his lower back. A thin stump of a dark brown tail poked out of a hole in his robe, waving for a moment. “But here, if you wanna see another deformity.”
“Another?” Lance asked, shifting his gaze to Zidane’s face.
The crossbreed just turned back, hiding a small smile from Lance’s view. He continued walking, hand in hand with his mother, with Lance trailing behind.
“My energy capacity is about a third of the standard Razalek size.” He nodded, head motioning to one side, adding, “The length of my tail is another one.”
Lance looked over at Kyrene’s tail, seeing how it wasn’t long enough to curve and avoid hitting the ground like Zidane’s usually was.
“Your tail’s longer?” he asked.
Zidane nodded, and Lance noticed how black his eyes got. The crossbreed blinked, reverting the color back to a medium blue.
“Yeah,” he replied, looking ahead of himself. “Something like a tradeoff.”
Lance didn’t know what that meant. He didn’t ask, either; there was an energy pushing him away. Like how curtains hide the stage from its audience, that force prevented him from finding out any more. He’d have to wait until the curtains parted on their own.
“There’s markings on her tail,” Lance found himself saying, noticing the leopard-like spots; one at the bottom near the tip and another at the top near the base.
“There’s markings on my arms,” Zidane replied. “That’s why my tail’s blank.”
“And that’s considered a deformity?”
The crossbreed nodded. “Yeah. Height’s another one.”
Lance didn’t miss the present tense; he continued walking, averaging that the Zidane he was used to seeing was tall for a human, but not unnecessarily so. He nearly asked what the average Razalek height was, but memories shot into him. Hospital room, skin flaking off of a doctor and body lengthening to at least eight feet... Lance blocked it all out, focusing on the dirt road ahead of them.
Zidane and his mother slowed to stop, their hands holding onto one another a bit tighter. The woman looked down.
“We’re going to cross now,” she said quietly, eyes brightening. “Okay?”
With darkening eyes, Zidane nodded.
His mother looked out to the road again, a deep breath moving through her. She stepped out, her hand leading Zidane as he followed with quick, tip-toed steps to make up for her straightened posture. Lance walked behind them, looking down the road as they started across.
The road’s noise level, created by everyone walking along, grew quiet. It was slight at first; Lance could see those closest stop talking, stop walking as they stared. And like the worst silences do, it spread, sweeping over the crowd and turning their eyes onto the two only moving things. The intensity of the stares had combined into one, burning into them. Lance forced himself to keep walking, head down and eyes squinted as he silently apologized to all those ants he set on fire with a magnifying glass when he was a kid. Because that’s exactly what it felt like now.
And I’m not even the center of attention, he realized. Cautiously, his head rose, seeing now that Zidane’s mother had stopped in the middle of the road. Lance halted as well, noticing how Zidane’s head was bowed, body statue-still as his mother stared out into the crowd. If the stares before were like fire, then hers was the heat of the sun.
A yell ripped from her throat, a feral sound that rang through the air. Far away in some distance trees, the odd caws of birds answered as they fled. And then that sound faded as well, leaving the marketplace eerily quiet.
Lance finally breathed, a grin on his face. He watched her lean back, pulling away from the hunched position the yell’s intensity had brought on. Her head was held high as she began moving again, gently tugging on Zidane to follow her. The crossbreed did, steps skittering briefly, as if he had forgotten how to walk. But the brightness of his eyes told Lance that he was simply too stunned to remember.
They continued onto the road’s opposite side, a few Spiros inching their feet back to make room. Lance followed, keeping a few seconds behind as they walked along the side of the road. Soon, the murmured voices had become the same buzz of noise as before, and aside from a few heavy glares at Zidane, the villagers continued about their business. With his stare downwards, Lance focused, trying to listen in on a conversation or get a clip of what anyone was talking about, but the noise was just that of voices. He knew that many were talking; he couldn’t understand what they were saying.
Ahead of him, he heard Zidane give a light laugh. The crossbreed looked back, eyes sad but mouth smiling. “I try and make it as detailed as possible, but I can’t really make up crowd conversations on the spot.”
Lance picked up his pace, striding forward with his hands finding his pockets. “You mean you’ve been making this up as you go?”
Zidane nodded, shrugging lightly as he thought. “Well, not exactly. For most of it, it’s basically the same thing as if I were thinking about a memory. Playing it back in my head. Except I’m really trying to remember every little thing. For the details I can’t remember, I make up. Fill in the blanks.”
A quiet word sound of realization left Lance’s mouth. They stayed quiet for another moment; Lance’s curiosity directing him towards Zidane, noticing how his head was held a little higher than before. Part of him wanted to ask, wanted to know if what had happened on the road was a daily occurrence, but he realized he already knew the answer. It had to be, when you were considered to be something... so different.
“She’d never responded like that before,” Zidane said suddenly, quietly. “She always told me that it wasn’t worth it, the energy used to fight back could be used to love those who cared. I guess that energy just became too much for her.” The sleeve-covered hand still holding hers tightened, filling the silence with something he couldn’t seem to express.
Lance looked up, staring at the face of the woman he spoke of. With enough time to look, he saw the resemblance Zidane shared with her. Not only physically, but there was a kindness in her eyes, one seized from strength. The realization of this only made Lance want to know more, want to figure out why he had left this town, how he’d ended up in the human territory, above ground. But he shut the thoughts out; the answers would come in time.
He looked the other way, noticing the shops for the first time. They were simple blankets, each holding a display of unique objects. Small, odd utensils were lined across one blanket while the next set of products were elegant robes. Lance looked at the merchant of this shop as they passed by, noticing how she continued to offer a particularly nice-looking garment to a customer. She seemed to pay no mind to the crossbreed until her nose twitched and her eyes shot downwards, as if suddenly catching whiff of something. For the moment she was in his sight, Lance watched her gaze burn into Zidane, the crossbreed instantly folding back into his hunched position.
Something beside Lance caught his eye, a glass sculpture hanging from a tree branch above a shop. The shape reminded him of a DNA strand except this was just one helix, the two ends twisting loosely before thinning off into points. His eyes trailed along the branches, realizing most of the hanging pieces were wind chimes. They clanged softly from the breeze, a few tips knocking with others and adding small chips of sound to the random but beautiful music. Not even noticing that he had stopped walking, Lance looked at one of the last sculptures. Despite the fact that it was mostly hidden due to his angle, he felt a strange familiarity in seeing it.
As his mind brought him back to his surroundings, he saw that Zidane had stopped walking as well. The small child was focusing somewhere near the last few wind chimes, and his mother followed the stare. When she turned back, a smile was on her lips.
Still keeping her hand with his, she bent down, becoming head level with him. “Which one would you like, Konachi?”
Zidane raised a hand, the tip of one tiny finger pointing to one of the chimes. Lance took another step, again arriving quicker than expected, and realized Zidane was pointing to exact one that he had felt drawn to. Out of all the others, it was the one that Lance thought looked most like an actual wind chime; six thin icicle-like pieces hung downwards in a line, descending in size, but never losing their beauty. The color of them was a translucent white, gorgeous streaks of rainbow passing through the glass from the sunlight’s reflection.
Lance felt it odd of himself to be magnetized to something so colorful but his thoughts fell away as he heard Zidane’s mother speak. She gave a wide smile as her head leaned in to touch Zidane’s. “I like that one, too.”
Her thumb brushed over his palm before she stood, releasing his hand. Moving over to the counter, she politely brought the shopkeep’s attention to her.
“How much for one of your chimes?” she asked.
The shopkeep, a dark-haired Spiro, glanced in the direction of the selection hanging from his ceiling. He went back to cleaning a piece of a wind chime. “Depends on your pick.”
“I’d like the one second from the left.”
He lifted the artifact, blowing into it; a low but beautiful whistle came out the other end. “Twenty-three precas.”
She reached for the bag at her hip, a simple satchel that hung at the side of her thigh. One hand dipped into the opening, her fist clenched upon withdrawing. Lance stepped up the counter beside her as she turned back, upturning her palm to reveal rubies of different sizes and shapes. She carefully separated them from each other, quietly counting in a language Lance didn’t recognize. There was something about it, though—the way the words blended together as they rolled from her tongue—that Lance found extraordinarily beautiful. The serene sounds faded suddenly, her golden eyes looking up. The deep color remained as she swallowed, a hint of nervousness in her face.
“How much did you say it was again?” A smile twitched her lips as she spoke.
The shopkeep didn’t respond, and with a growing anxiety in his gut, Lance looked over to see the Spiro’s stare had dropped low. Lance didn’t turn, didn’t wonder enough to see what he was looking at with such silent aggression. He could see it as if it were happening in front of him, the image playing out in his mind’s eye. Zidane’s head lowered, the light in his eyes gone as he tried to make himself smaller.
“Sixty-eight,” the keep said, turning to the woman again.
Lance could feel her pang of shock; it played directly on top of his own surprise. Instantly, she tucked the feeling away—the expression barely surfacing before she relaxed into a calm, nearly passive glare.
“What happened to twenty-three?”
The man returned her demeanor, glare deepening even more.
“Price just went up.”
The rubies returned to their bag, and without a word she turned around to Zidane. Crouching down, she gave him a smile, hiding away any trace of anger.
“We’ll get it on our way back, okay?”
Lance saw his eyes dim, but Zidane nodded anyway. His hand was embraced once again, and they calmly walked on. Zidane briefly looked back, staring at the wind chime again. Before Lance could follow his stare up, the gruff words of the shopkeep rang out.
“Put that thing to sleep and I’ll lower the price back down.”
Quick pain shot through Lance at the statement, eyes watching as Zidane’s mother gave no reaction. No other response except continuing to walk away with her hold on Zidane’s hand tightening. Gently, her thumb ran along the sleeve covering his hand; the same loving stroke she had done before.
Keeping a few steps behind, Lance began thinking back. His mind was reaching back, going to the short time he had known Zidane. A tight laugh barked from him.
“Guess I know where you get your strength from,” he said. “Damn.”
Despite the fact that the crossbreed’s face hidden from his view, Lance felt the smile he gave in response. But the expression was sad, lasting for only a moment before that empty stare took its place.
A feeling floated into Lance. She hadn’t been the one to teach him what strength was.
A question popped into his head.
“She keeps calling you something,” Lance began, suddenly remember the confusion he had felt at the beginning of the memory. “Like... Ko—Konachi?”
“Yeah,” Zidane head had raised a little bit, letting Lance watch as he nodded.  “That’s my birth name.”
Lance’s feet nearly skittered to a stop, surprise overtaking him. “Your name’s not actually Zidane?”
He just received a grin in response, blue eyes brightening for the first time since this began.
“Give it time,” Zidane replied. “I can only explain so fast.”
They walked in silence for a few moments before the crossbreed spoke up again, moving Lance’s attention away from the passing shops.
“Spiro naming is actually pretty unique,” he began. “There’s no last names or anything like that, but instead the ‘family identification’ comes from the first two letters of someone’s name. Like, for example, Ryzuk. That’s the most common name in our culture—basically the Spiro equivalent of naming your kid John Smith or something. In this case, the R would come from the first letter of either parent’s name. Doesn’t matter which one; unless someone’s got an ego complex, the order just depends on what sounds better. And the second letter, ‘Y’, would be from the other parent.”
“So that’s like their surname then,” Lance said, trying to grasp the concept as quickly as possible.
Zidane nodded. “And the rest, the ‘zuk’ part, would act like the child’s first name. Zuk actually means young, by the way. There’s some more culture for you.”
Lance returned the grin momentarily. “So what’s your name mean then? Where’s the K and the O come from?”
The smallest amount of hesitation stifled the flow of their conversation. Then Zidane spoke again, both his voice and eyes touched with something Lance couldn’t read.
“The K is from my mother, Kyrene. The O...” Another pause held his tongue, and he let out a quiet breath. “That’s from Orah. But the rest of my name my mother gave me. Nachi is the only word for ‘gift’ in our language.”
Lance nodded, catching the opportunity to change subjects. “So is there one language for the entire... Continent? How is this even divided?”
Zidane laughed, the light sound something Lance found relieving. “Hold on, you’re asking some pretty big questions here,” he said. “But to answer the first part, no, the languages are divided by region. There’s four main sections in the area that makes up our part of the inner Earth.” Noticing Lance’s confusion, he added, “Spiros are separated from the Razaleks by hemisphere. Each faction has exactly half of the inner planet. But I mean, compared to human territory the landscaping isn’t much different. There’s a little more water here than the Razalek area, but most of it is just land. Some of it’s like this”—He brought Lance’s attention to the forest area surrounding the marketplace, the trees more visible as they approached a corner and began rounding it—“but that’s just what I’ve heard. I actually haven’t been anywhere else but Lanquim.”
Lance looked to Zidane, quietly trying to repeat the word when the crossbreed laughed again.
“Sorry, I’m giving you a lot of new concepts,” he said, waving a hand. “Don’t even worry about it. Just know Spiros have four main states, each with their own language, and Lanquim is the name of this town. Means ‘From Earth to Sky.’”
Repeating the foreign name softly, Lance stayed quiet, looking out into the road and wondering why there were no cars.
“Razaleks went more in that direction,” Zidane said over his shoulder. “Dabbled in human technology before deciding it wasn’t worth the trouble. They developed technology of their own while Spiros decided to go against it altogether.”
“So they never evolved...” Lance murmured.
Zidane nodded.
“Do they at least have fire?”
The crossbreed laughed. “Yeah, Lance, they’ve got fire.”
“You’d think it be natural, then, for them to develop something more...” Lance replied, fascinated.
Zidane offered a shrug in response. “They’ve seen what it’s doing to humanity and didn’t like it. Turning you guys into robots.”
Lance hesitated before bitterly agreeing with the crossbreed. He continued walking, looking at the artifacts this time as they passed on by.
“What’re these things made of?” he asked. “Glass?”
Zidane nodded. With the silence, Lance was left to look at his surroundings. He shook his head, a little overwhelmed. “Can’t believe this is what the center of the Earth actually looks like,” he murmured.
“Not what you were expecting, huh?”
“Yeah. A lot less hot, too.”
The crossbreed laughed a little, motioning with his head to the chimes as they passed by. “This is the main market. Had sales going all hours of the day.” And then he said what Lance was thinking: “Had to cross this street in order to get where we needed to go.”
“Which was where?”
Zidane grinned over his shoulder. “Patience.”
Lance bit down on his inner cheek, determined not to talk back. He kept his thoughts to himself, mind mulling over a few questions, eyes looking up only when he noticed a change in their path. They had gone away from the roadside; instead of turning at a one-way corner, they kept walking forward.
As they approached one of the wooden stalls directly ahead, Lance felt a smile appear on Kyrene’s face. The shopkeep looked to her, the shadows overcasting his frame revealing nothing more than the shape of a man. A moment passed, enough for the man to smile, and he leaned forward into the light, his hands spreading out on the countertop.
“Well hello there!” he called, and there was something in his words that made Kyrene laugh, the sound suppressed by tightening her lips together. It was barely a giggle, but something about it struck curiosity into Lance. As if they were supposed to keep this quiet. Secretive.
He walked with the two as they came a few feet away from the stall’s counter. With a kinder smile crinkling his eyes, the shopkeeper focused on Zidane, leaning forward with his hand cupping his cheek, his elbow resting on the counter.
“Can I interest you in a bag, young man?”
Zidane shook his head, and although the action was defiant, Lance could feel a shy smile on his face.
“Ah, you’ll come around to it,” the owner continued, drawing himself upright. “Maybe when your sister gets older.”
His smile suddenly faded, leaning over the counter to quickly peer out at the street and the stalls surrounding them. After a moment, he lifted a hand, fingers closing together. It felt as if Lance had been standing behind curtains, thin veils suddenly swooping shut. When he looked back, his sight was darkened by exactly that.
“Cloaking spell,” Zidane whispered to him. “Normally it’s invisible to everyone, but I’m showing you something to let us know we’re hidden.”
Cloaking? Lance returned, but the thought was only a blip of an idea. His focus was captured by the shopkeep. He had moved over to the left side of the counter and opened a half-door. It was released upon Kyrene and Zidane fully stepping into the store’s inside. At the thought of wanting to be in there as well, Lance found himself on the other side of the counter, standing close behind.
The store owner was talking, making casual conversation as he strode past them.
“How is Adelah, by the way?” he asked, picking up where they left off. “Seems like it’s been a while since I’ve seen her.”
“She’s fine,” Kyrene said, eyes lightening. “Growing up very quickly, but perfectly fine.” Looking at Zidane, she gave a smile. He returned it, the motion slight and marked with something Lance could only translate as discomfort.
The shopkeep nodded at her reply, continuing to look at the ground below his feet. He swept a foot past it, and then as if the slight collection of dust was all that was needed, he stepped away, one hand extended towards it in polite offering.
“Patients first.”
Lance found himself in a wide room, a table and a counter opposite of him. The walls of this room were made of earth, and despite the fact that he could see perfectly fine, there seemed to be no direct source of light. A large hole to his left suddenly grabbed his focus. A quick sound of something rushing past dirt, and Zidane stopped at the edge of the tunnel, rising from a seating position and stepping away, making his way to the table. There was something of confidence in his steps; as if he had done this many times before. Lance’s focus was taken as Kyrene slid into view, standing up to brush the back of her legs.
Kyrene took a few steps towards the table as well, smiling at Zidane as the shopkeeper entered. He drifted upright immediately, gliding with the momentum created from the tunnel. Lance blinked; he was much taller than he had been before. Lance straightened his own posture, sizing up the Spiro. Yeah; at least eight feet.
But could he even be called a Spiro anymore? Not only were his body proportions longer, he possessed no tail, either. Lance nearly made a comparison to Zidane when his focus was taken by the shopkeep’s ears. Their tips lengthened, thinning to a razor-sharp point near the crown. Bits of light-colored skin began to flake off, giving way to a much darker shade. Lance felt his stomach grow weak, a sickening weight sitting against it.
“You were warned and you still have no idea!”
His eyes shut, trying to rid the voice from his mind. He was okay, or as okay as he could be, being in someone else’s mind.
That’s right, he told himself. Just gotta focus on the present moment.
Hearing a murmured voice, he looked up, seeing the shopkeep stride around to the table. Completely changed; the only way Lance recognized him is through the long hairstyle. And even then, the coloring was inverted from white to black.
Lance quickly looked over the dark-skinned person in front of him, a man busy telling Zidane how big he was as he set the grinning crossbreed onto the table. Lance’s brain began working, trying to figure out what had just happened.
“You need some help?”
He looked over at Zidane, hands sliding into the pocket of his hoodie as he nodded, a smile breaking onto his face. “Yeah,” he said.
Zidane nodded. “So Yittek is basically the equivalent of an African Razalek,” he began, lifting a palm up while one fist propped his chin. A position, Lance noticed, that nearly mirrored his mother behind him. “Way back when Razaleks and Spiros lived with humans, some Razaleks on the west hemisphere began to get a darker pigmentation.”
“So they became African,” Lance interjected with a nod. “Okay, I got it. Why the peeling off part?” The memory tried to resurface again, a dark fear welling up inside Lance’s chest, threatening to spill over into panic again. He blinked, concealing the emotion away, and watched Zidane shrug.
“It’s a way of teleportation and de-cloaking, or removing a cloak.”
“You mentioned that before.”
Zidane nodded. “Yeah. Cloaking is concealing something with another thing. It’s tricking the mind—any mind, human, Spiro, or Razalek—into experiencing things that aren’t there.”
“So in this case, white skin instead of black.”
“Yeah, that’s right,” Zidane replied with another nod. “There’s also sparking, which is planting thoughts into a mind, and surfacing, which is simply having a mind experience one single thing that’s not there.”
“So surfacing is single and cloaking deals with one or more?”
“Sure, you could look at it that way.”
“And they do this with the energy they get with food?”
Maybe it was the disbelieving tone, but Zidane grinned, laughing faintly. “You can ask him all about it when you meet him. I’ll take him to you in a few days, okay?”
“Why?” Lance asked, surprised.
“He knows about this stuff more than I do,” Zidane said, and his eyes went dark. “I mean, I know my way around the Spiro body, but Yittek can get into it at a cellular level. He can help you out more than I can.”
“We just have to get to him first.”
Zidane nodded, and Lance lightly shook his head, wondering how he can still be believing this. But here he was, in a crossbreed’s mind...
“You positive you don’t wanna know about Razalek history?” Zidane was saying. “It’s some pretty fascinating stuff.”
Lance paused, shifting his stare over Yittek as the curiosity grew. “Why the security?” he asked, remembering the loud comment Yittek had made upon first seeing Kyrene and Zidane. Like he was blowing some big secret by speaking so loud.
“So a few thousand years ago, after the war came to a stalemate, both races went underground in an act history refers to as The Burrowing. In order to ‘cleanse the past’ and wipe all evidence they ever lived with humans, Razaleks began slaughtering those with darker skin colors ‘cause of the pigmentation. Nearly got everyone, too, but the ones that did survive went to the Fires—a part of the inner-world that’s inhabited by Spiros and Razaleks who don’t agree with what their government’s doing. Both races separated, of course. Here, Razaleks began injecting pigmentation into newborns, scientifically re-creating the darker skin color as a sign of protest.”
Okay, Lance had to admit that was pretty fascinating. He stuffed down his excitement, shifting his weight to one side as he looked over to the shopkeep, Yittek.
“So he’s hiding from Spiros? Why them, why not his own kind?”
Hand raising to the back of his head, Zidane held in an obvious breath before releasing it. “Very long story. It’s probably not something we should get into now. It’d kill the mood.” A hand waved in front of him, one stroke as if trying to wipe the subject away. “Just know he’s not like his own kind.”
Lance held the inside of his cheek in between his teeth, keeping himself from speaking as he looked back to Yittek. The sight of a Razalek was odd; their body proportions something he wasn’t used to seeing. He was about to voice these thoughts when he realized this sight wasn’t entirely new to him. He remembered those ears, tapering to such thin, sharp points that they could be used as blades if they actually reached past the crown of the head.
He shook off the notion with a cold chill down his back, focusing on what was in front of him. Zidane had continued on with the memory, the start of it slow-downed slightly, as if he was helping Lance get back into the scene.
Yittek’s hand continued with its path towards Zidane’s face, the crossbreed’s mouth opening, tongue out and head tilted at a high enough angle for him to see. It was with this motion that a routine seem to set in. They followed one another; Yittek’s attention moving to some part of Zidane’s body—extending a limb or tapping at a muscle Lance didn’t recognize. Each action was met with mild interest, sights that had become second nature by now. Slight pity touched Lance’s chest as he realized things like this were probably the crossbreed’s whole life. People checking up on him, studying, tracking. Trying to make his entire existence a little less painful.
His attention went to Kyrene, standing behind the table and watching the process, expression something he couldn’t read.
“Are the incidents getting worse?” Yittek asked, kind voice vibrating through the dirt room.
Kyrene looked to him, head tilting silently as if to ask which incident he was referring to. The Razalek only met her stare as he lifted the hair covering Zidane’s ears, gently pinching a mutated, tear-drop shape tip. A wince came against Zidane’s mouth and realization came to Kyrene, dimming her eyes and dropping them to the floor.
“Every approach I try to think of is useless,” she said. With a muffled sigh moving through her, she looked to her son. “There seems to be no way around them.”
Zidane’s eyes lowered at this statement, their color darkening. A moment later, the memory paused and Zidane let out a forced laugh.
“I almost forgot about this part,” he told Lance. His legs drew inwards from their dangling position, crossing and folding together in a more comfortable way. He shifted a little, hand rising to scratch the back of his head as he started explaining. “Put it simply, everybody aside from the people in this room”—A finger twirled in a circle, motioning to those around them—“Absolutely hated me. You saw a bit of that when we were walking here, the stares and everything. They disliked me so much to the point that, if they couldn’t get rid of me permanently, thanks to Yittek, then they took every chance to let out their aggression.”
Shrugging, he added, “I mean, most of the time it was pretty grade school stuff with kids around my age, but the more that joined in, the more colorful my face got.” A weak laugh cracked out of his lips. “I think the worst part of it was the aftermath of it, though.”
A silence settled between them.
“There wasn’t anything you could do about it?” Lance asked, remember the conversation he had just heard between Kyrene and Yittek.
Zidane shook his head. “One of our first ideas, back when it started, was to influence their thoughts. Make them think that, for whatever reason, they were just supposed to leave me alone. But then we realized it wouldn’t work. We couldn’t influence everybody at once, and having only a few people changed would go against the norm of things. Others would get suspicious of a possible Razalek somewhere close by, possibly working with the family of the...” His hand flourished upwards before dropping against his leg. “Whatever you wanna call me.”
Lance listened as Zidane’s voice faded into room’s silence, an apology at the edge of his mouth. But he kept it away, kept the feeling silent. All of this was just a memory, something that had already happened. Nothing he said could change any of it.
His surroundings changed, becoming the inside of a house. He stood on the outskirts of a kitchen, a low table a few feet away. Behind it was a hose with a large bowl beneath it. Aside from these three simple things, the room was empty.
Catching a change in the environment, Lance turned to the room’s only window, seeing Kyrene and someone next to her fade in. He only had time to register the long dark hair and the fact she was sitting on her knees before Zidane faded in. He sat below the window, next to Kyrene and across from the girl. It was here that the memory began.
The girl touched Zidane’s face, barely seeming to make contact with her fingers before the crossbreed recoiled from her touch.
“That hurts!” he cried.
“Well, maybe if you weren’t such a big baby it would hurt less!”
“Adelah.” Kyrene’s voice was sharp; a swift tone only a mother could use.
The girl sunk back onto her heels, the movement bringing Lance’s focus to the long tips of her ears sticking out from her hair.
“It’s still true,” she mumbled.
Noticing a change in color, Lance turned his focus to Zidane’s face. It was a sight he hadn’t seen before, and the realization that upon the memory’s start, the features of Zidane’s face had been almost non-existent, as if Lance were in a dream, flashed through his mind. The shock died down, repulsion taking its place as he looked at the bruises. Clouds of green and purple decorated Zidane’s skin, occasionally fading to black. Lance noticed the few bits of skin that had been chipped away, revealing a raw layer of scarlet skin.
Blood spilled from a cut on Zidane’s forehead, falling down only to be caught by his brow. Adelah leaned forward, sweeping the trail away with a thin cloth. She blotched it up, attention seeming to be halfway there, as Lance tried to act natural—act like this wasn’t getting to him. But it was; it hurt, seeing someone so young be treated this way. Become this beaten up... For what he was.
He found himself wishing. Wanting to go back, somehow change this from happening. He just wanted to leap back in time, but with a horrible twist to his stomach, he was reminded of the solitary—the finality—of every second.
So he kept his stare low, some part of him watching how Adelah pulled the cloth away and folded it again, allowing a clean space for more care. He studied how Zidane looked at her with one half-closed eye; the only eye that wasn’t completely swollen shut. And the space that did reveal his iris... It was a color Lance couldn’t translate into an emotion. It was almost dark enough to match the galaxy-like bruises on his skin. 
Kyrene lightly cleared her throat, shifting on her heels. “How’s your nose, Nachi?”
Zidane was silent, for a moment or two, a wince coming to him upon the wet cloth’s contact. That half-swollen eye closed. “Doesn’t hurt,” he said.
Kyrene nodded, wringing her hands together in her lap. Zidane’s voice came to Lance’s mind, words spoken in a mixture of past and present.
“They’d broken my nose this time. Mom had to set it.”
Fighting back the tightness in his throat, Lance slipped his hands in the pocket of his hoodie. His fingers clawed themselves into fists, and he wished his nails were longer. He wanted to feel some kind of pain; something to let Zidane know he wasn’t alone.
No kid should have to go through this...
He swallowed back the tightness in his throat.
Please let this get better, he thought, closing his eyes. Just let there be something.
Intuition opened his eyes; a light, sparkling feeling somewhere inside his chest. His eyes opened again, dragging up from the floor to see Kyrene’s hand moving away from her lap. With a serene gentleness, her fingers grazed along the back of his palm, partially covering the Razalek marking. A symbol that was heavily cut and bruised, as if trying to be redrawn and erased.
Lance tried to focus on the way Kyrene’s thumb slid along the back of his hand. He tried to focus on the sheer honor in the gesture; a complete love that made the small amount of color in Zidane’s eye grow a bit brighter.
“There’s always a silver-lining, Lance,” Zidane said, teenage voice barely hiding a smile. “I need you to remember that, okay?”
The sound of glass tinkling moved Lance’s focus, to the window behind them. Hanging proudly, reflecting an entire spectrum of color, was the wind chime.









Chapter Nine
Shattered

Lance looked away from the chime, stare going to his left, where a door was opening. It moved down instead of to the side, rotating into the floor as the male Spiro moving through stepped into the home. They were heavy steps, emitting a darkness that not even the chime’s light sound could alleviate.
Standing, Kyrene smiled, clasping her hands together.
“I’m so happy you’re home!” she said. “How was your day?”
In a flurry of wind, the male Spiro’s disguise vanished; tail disappearing, body lengthening and hair growing longer. A face with dark facial hair turned in their direction, deep eyes immediately training on Zidane.
The man gave no answer; only a silence that cut to the very core of Lance’s soul. Onyx eyes continued to scowl, their aim at Zidane. The crossbreed folded inwards, becoming even smaller than before. Lance could only stare, recognizing the eyes in front of him. There was no doubt that this man was Orah, Zidane’s father.
That deep stare drew away, natural scowl continuing to hold a tiredness as the Razalek moved forward, passing behind the wall that separated Kyrene and Zidane’s room from the entrance area.
Not knowing what to do, Lance sat down, becoming close to eye-level with Zidane as he stared down at the floor. There was so much in those few seconds, walls of hatred and misdirected anger that years of arguing with Lisa didn’t even come close to. This was something Lance couldn’t help alleviate. Once again, he was inside a memory written in stone.
“I’m sorry,” was the only thing he could give.
Zidane didn’t respond at first; he remained by the window, Adelah and Kyrene paused where they were. And then the crossbreed shrugged.
“It happens,” he said.
He looked away, towards the opposite end of the room, and then his stare shifted over to his right. Going towards the tap with the basin below.
“I think it was around this age, when I was five, that I started to understand what I was to him.”
Which was what?
Lance simply looked up from the floor, head continuing to hang low, watching Zidane draw himself a little higher. The crossbreed’s eyes closed, head lifting back, and with small twitches beneath his eyelids, Lance realized tears were being fought away.
Lance felt himself become a little more broken, a little more weaker.
The sound of the chime faded, trees overtaking walls, and grass overtaking plain earth. Lance got to his feet, thoughts capturing his focus as he stood beneath the shade of a tree, a river materializing in front of him. What Zidane went through in his life... All the heartache and pain, loss and lovelessness... Lance couldn’t come close to sympathizing.
He could only offer his presence in return.
Sensing something was about to start, Lance looked up, seeing Zidane across the river, sitting against a tree. It reminded Lance of the very first memory shown, but his posture was much more open. Legs were crossed and folded inward, posture straight as if he were in school.
His mother appeared beside him, relaxing against the trunk with a smile adoring her face. Lance followed her stare to the river, seeing Orah and Adelah fade in along with the sounds of rushing water.
Adelah’s hand swept through the water, sprinkling drops into the air.
“Try again, Adelah,” Orah’s voice, speaking with a tenderness that nearly made his words sound foreign. They were touched with an immense amount of kindness. Patience. Qualities that didn’t match his appearance.
The action was repeated, and as soon as her hand passed her chest, a fish hopped out of the water. The shape was strange; a large red oval with long whiskers running out of its face and back. As soon as its scythe-like tail dove back into the water, Adelah frowned.
“Try again,” Orah said once more. “Focus not on the hand technique but on the force of your breath.”
With her frustration fading away, Adelah nodded. She drew her hand back down to her side, knuckles and fingertips brushing along the water’s surface. Though from this angle he could not see it, Lance sensed Orah smile.
“My child,” he said. “Please relax.”
Adelah smiled, back straightening and chin tilting. Her eyes closed, a calm breath moving through her. Seconds ticked on, moments that only the river filled.
Then a splash— before Lance could see what it was, Adelah’s arm had swiped the air again, a quick breath escaping her. Blood erupted from the fish, neither having time to land back in the water before Orah’s hand extended, catching the corpse and levitating the blood in mid-air.
“This”—The blood whirled itself into a tight ball, speeding towards the grass behind them and disappearing back into the dirt—“can go back to the Inner-Earth.”
“And with the fish?” Adelah asked, the excitement in her voice telling Lance she already knew the answer.
Orah smiled, one knee coming to the river’s bed. The calm water barely met his torso, something he paid no mind to as he extended the fish to his daughter. Continuing to stand on the rock beneath her, Adelah grinned, hands coming to her face in glee. Orah placed a hand to the fish’s corpse, palm nearly covering the entire cut.
“First, we honor.”
Adelah placed her small hand right besides Orah’s, and in unison their thumbs moved inwards. Stroking once, giving the same motion Kyrene had given Zidane before they had crossed the main street. There were words in that motion, and Lance finally found the right ones.
“It will be okay.”
“You’re close,” Zidane said, speaking into Lance’s mind. “It’s actually called Rejen. Means ‘to honor inside the sky’. Highest display of honor someone can show.”
Rejen, Lance repeated, trying to memorize the word.
The stillness hung over the river, Orah and Adelah’s thumbs retracing the paths they had taken as smiles were exchanged. Then Orah turned to his wife, beaming as he spoke.
“And now we have dinner!”
Kyrene’s smile spread into a grin as Adelah caught her attention again. Lance looked over to the girl, brow furrowing into a glare as he watched her hand flow along with the small waves it was sending out.
The pride in Orah’s voice was unavoidable. “You’ve been practicing!”
“Yeah?” Adelah returned, grin evident. Her hand curled, bringing a wave towards her. “You think I got it, Daddy?”
“Oh, yes you do, my girl!” He stepped forward, scooping her up in his hands.
Adelah’s arms waved in the air, laughter almost screaming from her. With a slight “feh”, Lance shifted his weight, shoulder leaning against the bark of the three. He continued to be immersed in its shade, listening to the happiness and pride in their laughter as his stare rose to the opposite side of the river. Watching Kyrene lean close to her son, speaking in a whisper that reached out to Lance.
“Someday,” she said, “you’ll be able to do that, too.” She bowed towards him, forehead touching the top of his hair. “All of it, my light.”
Zidane’s eyes had closed at her voice, as if he were savoring the words. He stayed there, embraced in her words and in her touch, as the surrounding family members faded. The ruptures in the water smoothed out into an even current, the voices and the laughter hanging before vanishing as well. With the forest silent, Zidane pulled himself upright.
Deep blue eyes rose from the river, meeting Lance’s.
“I just wanted to check,” he said, “see if there’s anything I can answer before we move on.”
“Uh, well, yeah,” Lance said. His stare dropped to his feet, mind digging up a question that had been gnawing at his brain ever since he had been introduce to Zidane’s father. He looked back up, head motioning towards the river that was now empty. “How’s it possible that... Orah is even here? Like, I guess I get the thing with what’s-his-face, Yittek, ‘cause of the race, but why here? Why in this—territory?”
Zidane nodded, the motion easy as if he had seen the question coming. “That’s a good question. It’s a little complicated; after the war ended around seventy-five—now eighty-five—years ago, both sides agreed on a peace treaty. They’d keep their factions separate, each race has half of the inner world, discounting the neutral zone that runs along the center. However, despite this agreement, Razaleks can’t keep their nose out of other people’s business and every so often sent down what were basically spies. People to check up, see if things were running smoothly, if there were any good cultural changes that they could adapt to their own society.” He motioned to the river, to the empty spot where Orah had been standing. “He was one of those agents. Researchers, they called them. Randomly selected. How he met my mom and why he chose to stay, bring Adelah with him, I never found out.”
Lance bit back the urge to ask why, what had prevented him from knowing. Maybe neither of them had cared enough to pry. Maybe the less amount of interactions, the better...
Another thought popped up, coaxing a laugh from Lance. “What I’m really not getting is why all this, why stay in this town? Wasn’t there somewhere safer you could go?”
“Yes and no,” the crossbreed replied, shifting in a small rocking motion. “Yes in the sense that, yeah, of course we could’ve gone out in the barrens or even in the neutral zone near the Equator. I’m sure in a lot of ways, this part of my life would have been significantly easier than it was.” 
His eyes went dark at this statement, and after a moment he turned away, shutting them tightly, a single word of hesitation falling from him as he tried to remember. When realization came, his eyes opened, normal blue present. 
“But instead we stayed,” he continued. “Mainly because of how close Yittek was in case of any emergencies, which actually happened a lot at my age, come to think of it.” 
At Lance’s surprise, Zidane gave a kind shrug. “It’s part of having mixed blood. We can get deeper into it later, but the basics that my two sides see the other as an infection. It’s a little bit like a war; each side wants to get rid of the other.” A grin hooked onto his face. “Now, it’s built up more of a tendency, I guess you could call it. They’re getting along better so it’s less frequent. But anyway, Yittek had been checking up on me before I was born, so he knew what to do. He’s also had experience with... mixes like me.”
“Wait, there’s more like you?”
Zidane shrugged. “None that have survived, as far as I know. Most of the time, the initial infection, that first battle that takes place between the blood, kills them pretty quickly. But I don’t know; Yittek said that there was something about the serum he injected that just seemed to work with me.”
After a moment of searching the earth below, Zidane looked to Lance again. “So to keep answering your question, we mainly stayed because of Yittek. It made looking after me easier, with him being in the same area and all.”
Lance nodded, slipping his hands in his hoodie pocket. He stayed silent, mind picking up every event, every foreign word he had come across so far. But the stream of information was suddenly interrupted, a question that had come to him in the beginning appearing once again.
“Last one and I’m done. Why’s everyone speaking English?”
A smile came to the crossbreed, one that held a joke. “So you can understand it.” Lance’s expression fell, laughter erupting from the crossbreed. Shrugging the last of his amusement away, Zidane continued on. “If it’d be quicker to put subtitles below your sight, I would. But I think it’s just easier for both of us to translate the memory.” Pausing, he looked to Lance again. “Is there another language you’d prefer?”
Lance quickly dismissed the question, and at Zidane’s nod, the forest went silent again. There was only a darkening of eyes, and then something of a sigh fell from the crossbreed’s mouth.
“Okay...”
His small body faded from Lance’s sight, and almost immediately the scene changed. Lance found himself on the opposite side of the river, standing under the same tree Kyrene and Zidane were underneath.
Adelah faded in beside him, slouched against the tree Zidane and his mother had been against earlier. Her chin was against her chest, hands folded at her stomach, a position Lance remembered himself taking during many of his school days. With this thought, the nostalgia was replaced with a heavy hit; he hadn’t even graduated high school.
Yet. There’s still hope.
Great.
He looked up, studying the ugly snarl on Adelah’s lips. With the sound of gently-moving water, Lance turned to see Zidane standing in the river’s center. The crossbreed kept his stature hunched, hands clawed as his stare remained fixed below him. The water only hit his waist, and at the question of how he was standing without being carried away by the current, Zidane’s voice came to his head.
“Elevating spell,” he said. “It’s the reason Adelah’s here.”
Zidane’s hands flashed in and out of the water. Lance watched him repeat this at a different spot before he heard Adelah’s overly dramatic sigh.
“It’s been hours, Konachi!” she whined, feet tapping together. “When can we go?”
Zidane’s hands dove back into the water, the dense sound of their submergence and withdrawal his only reply.
Adelah huffed, frowning again. She sat up slightly and looked around, seeming to be searching for something as Lance turned back to Zidane. With a step forward, he focused on the water below the crossbreed’s waist, watching the fish evade every attempt at being caught.
“You know what’s funny?” Adelah asked. Turning, Lance saw something that resembled a lizard on her hand. But then her fingers moved as if she were adoring a ring on her finger and he spotted the lizard’s long snout, occasionally moving across Adelah’s skin the same way a fly’s would.
“I’ve always wondered what Teptiks would look like without that long nose. Wouldn’t that be weird? They wouldn’t be able to eat anything—or maybe they’d just have a mouth instead like a Tree Wisk—”
“Adelah.” Zidane interjected, arms drawing away from his chest in emphasis. “Please. I’m trying to focus.”
“Well I’m trying to entertain myself! It’s silly enough that you dragged me along with you, but the fact that you actually think catching one is going to help you in any way is just ridiculous!”
Despite the comment’s sting, Zidane ignored her, his hands striking the water’s surface more forcefully. Again, they came up empty.
When Adelah spoke again, her voice was quieter, venom threaded through her words this time. Zidane’s hands dove in again.
“You know catching one won’t make him love you.”
Zidane froze. His hands stayed in the river, sleeves floating high enough to reveal his hands. Lance could sense his thoughts; he could sense the agony. A pain was there, reaching past the bars of its cage as those blood-red markings revealed themselves under water.
Zidane pulled his arms back, hands shooting back into the water again. Lance gently nodded in approval, unable to suppress the smile on his face—an expression that flat-lined as soon as he heard Adelah’s voice.
“We should go back soon.” She turned, peering past the tree behind her. “Father’s probably worried—”
“Got it!”
A giant fish—a red creature almost as big as Zidane—flailed against his grip. With a grin, Zidane held it tighter, fighting back the thrashes against his arms. The weight nearly sent him tipping over, but he regained his balance with a small laugh. The grin on his face expanded, beaming in a way Lance hadn’t seen before. Lightening his eyes in a way Lance found comforting.
He stepped to the side as Zidane passed him, watching and listening to the fish’s head smacking against his shoulder with every gaiting step. Lance stepped forward, about to follow when his surroundings changed. He found himself on a dirt road, one much like the main street Kyrene and Zidane had first crossed.
As people faded in around him, Lance’s attention was drawn to a cart close by. Similar to olden transportation, this cart was attached to an animal that, at first, reminded Lance of a horse. The body structure was the same, powerful legs with hooves below. But the blue, elephant-like skin and the sharp horns arching towards its back told him that whatever this was, he couldn’t find it anywhere but right here. This wasn’t a “human” animal.
The opportunity to examine the animal further vanished as someone faded in. Lance recognized the grey hair and stout build; this was Orah’s Spiro form. Glaring a little, Lance watched Orah pick up a box from the crate, legs bent as he began walking to the merchant’s stall a few feet away. A co-worker passed by, both their eyes lightening as the stranger said something to Orah. What exactly, Lance couldn’t translate.
“Papa! Papa!”
A few Spiros looked up at the voice, their expressions sinking into disgust. Lance tried to watch them, tried to not feel the pressure inside his chest building. Knots were forming at his stomach, too, his mind only wondering what was about to come next. Zidane called out again, the quick pitter-patter of his feet sounding against the dirt.
This is the moment it gets better, Lance told himself. This has to be it.
He began to turn around, the motion shortened when he saw Zidane was standing directly beside him. Even though the crowd of grimaces and glares had increased, the crossbreed remained oblivious to anyone but his father. Blue eyes brightened, the grin remaining just as wide.
“Papa!”
Orah brought down another box from the cart, turning around to move to the store close by. He set the crate on the counter, dusting his hands off with brushing slaps and pausing to blow against the raw skin on his fingers.
Shaking a little from the fish’s weight, Zidane waddled up to him, a few Spiros stepping back. His legs shook, bringing Lance’s focus to the fact his clothes were still drenched. The small stump of his tail was a mess of cactus-like spikes and as Zidane stopped in front of his father, Lance saw even more hairs prickle.
Zidane was quiet for a moment, watching as Orah lifted the lid on a nearby box and started unpacking its contents.
“Papa...” The word stretched into a whine, Zidane moving his shoulder to motion to the fish slung across it. “Look what I caught...”
Slap!
Zidane’s head remained turned to the side, revealing one dark eye to Lance. Orah’s hand hovered closed by, knuckles and back of his palm reddening.
The hand drew back, continuing to unpack the box as Lance felt his blood grit against his bones. 
“Go,” Orah said.
A long silence settled between them. Zidane finally moved, lowering his head to the ground. The fish slipped away from his weakening hold, slapping onto the road and gathering pillows of dust.
Lance could only stare in disbelief, emotions of rage and disgust kindling to form words like live wires that were sparking against each other. But before his mouth could move—to accomplish what, he didn’t know—Zidane’s voice echoed into his mind.
“It was like an unspoken rule,” he said. “I was never supposed to acknowledge who he was. It’d jeopardize whatever chance we had of a future. I thought that, maybe once, he’d see that I was worth being recognized.”
Lance felt his anger dissipate, surrendering into a sorrowed acceptance.
It shouldn’t have been this way, he returned.
No response came. Zidane stayed there, motionless, as Orah faded away. Lance watched as the onlookers faded as well, the emotions displayed on their faces imprinting to memory. In a matter of moments, Lance and Zidane were alone for the first time since the mental journey began.
The silence between them grew, becoming walls that only pressed inwards. Having overtaken his stomach, the tension coiled itself up towards Lance’s lungs. The feeling finally dropped away when Zidane’s voice banished the silence.
“How well can you handle gore?”
Lance breathed again, looking away as he thought of an answer. But he felt like there was only one he could give.
“Fine,” he said, looking back.
He forced himself not to move, not to say anything more or do anything to distract himself. He forced himself to stand and watch the small figure that was Zidane remain hunched over.
The flames came all at once, igniting the trees and stalls and blankets, the grass and buildings far away. Smoke billowed into the night sky, a blanket of darkness Lance hardly saw as Zidane started sprinting. Lance followed, quickly putting himself a few seconds behind the crossbreed as he stared out into the road.
Bodies were everywhere. In bloodied piles, tossed aside like ragdolls with their entrails sliding out onto the dirt. A wave of nausea came to Lance and quickly he clapped a hand over his mouth. He couldn’t get sick; he couldn’t let this get to him...
He tried to focus on the fact that some of the bodies were those of animals. Wolf ears and bodies with the thin fur tails of Spiros. He tried to let himself wonder about that, but the gore was something not even his eyelids could shield him from.
Zidane was still running, stumbling as his feet became entangled with arms, legs, the tubes of intestines. The five-year-old staggered, never falling as his leg shook off a bloody tunnel. Lance stopped moving, blood vanishing from his face as he dragged a hand through his hair, unable to look away at all the organs Zidane had accidentally pulled out of the corpse.
“Mama!” Zidane called, foot stepping on someone’s skull but not breaking it. The corpse’s remaining eye bulged forward at the sudden weight, and Lance finally registered what he was seeing. The stench overtook his lungs, forcing his mouth open and gagging him. Chest spasming, he hunched over, spit dripping from his lips as he shut his eyes. Clenched them tight, trying to absorb the blackness that wasn’t brightened by the fire. But he could still hear the flames; he could still hear the sound of little footsteps running. He could still see these bodies.
I need to keep going. Lance’s gut heaved. Zidane made it out of here. Something happened to make his life go on. If he can survive this, I can experience it again with him.
His eyes opened again.
Lance was in a different, quieter part of town. A building faced him, single window broken open by something large. Lance tried to focus on the architecture, his skin crawling with chills as he realized what was hanging from the trees behind the building. The corpses strung up by branches, esophaguses suspending them and draining blood onto pale necks. Some bodies were the opposite; heads completely down, hung by braided nerves of their spine. A cold sweat broke onto Lance’s forehead, his body convulsing at the sight he couldn’t look away from. This had to be fake... This wasn’t real...
Zidane came into his view, and with his brain barely lucid, Lance watched those small hands reach out, pushing open the door.
Lance was in a room now; the same one he had been in with Zidane, Kyrene, and Adelah. Except it was much darker, the light from the window splayed onto glass and earth below. Amidst the shards of window, Lance noticed there were longer, icicle-like pieces—sections of the wind chime.
Two people were on the ground, and fear bolted into Lance upon seeing one of them move. The long tail swished outwards, flicking blood onto the pieces of chime and shattered glass. 
The leg of the table that had been broken off fell from her grip, clattering to the floor. The scarlet blood taking up nearly half of the wood’s length barely caught Lance’s attention. His stare was focused on Kyrene’s leg, how the cloth had been ripped away, part of an oval-shaped wound visible from his angle. Shock sparked inside him, the feeling lasting only the briefest of moments before being engulfed by numbness.
Tiny footsteps brought Lance’s focus away, where Zidane stopped in the room’s entranceway. His eyes were wide, tears breaking onto his skin, and quietly he spoke.
“Mama...?”
Kyrene stood completely upright, turning to look over her shoulder.
“Nachi,” she gasped. “My light.”
That gold seemed to glow in the darkness, the sight of her irises becoming thinner as tears mixed with the blood on her face. Cuts and scrapes; spills and splatters that decorated her skin like paint.
“Konachi.” One leg moved, pivoting her in the direction of her son.
Lance’s position changed. He now stood beside Zidane, watching Kyrene start towards them in short limps. It was here at this angle that Lance could see the wound on her leg clearly, the large bite mark from some animal visible through the blood-stained skin. The same arm was also injured, the only evidence of a wound being trails of red quickly dripping from in between the fingers Kyrene had wrapped around it.
Her shoes dragged through the shattered glass, slowly pushing them aside. Creating the same sounds the wind chime once did. Through the mess of her hair, her eyes never left Zidane, the smile never faltered. She swallowed, the action shaky.
“I’m so... I’m so happy. I never thought I’d see you again, Nachi. My gift, my precious light.”
Her smile quivered, moving uncontrollably as tears streamed down her face.
“I’m so happy I’m home.”
Lance saw the figure’s silhouette move, rising up from its position on the floor. No matter how much he tried, Lance couldn’t move his eyes away from Kyrene. He couldn’t look behind her, over her shoulder and clearly focus on the figure as it got to its feet. It swayed, the movement cutting into the moonlight and displaying a bloodied face through matted hair.
Standing in a shell of his own body, Lance sensed the tremors moving through Zidane. Small but constantly violent shakes rattling his upper-body, words reduced to gentle whimpers of fear.
Kyrene’s eyes softened as she neared him, the movement spilling a trail of blood from a wound on the edge of her eyebrow.
“What’s wrong, my boy?” she told him. “I’m—”
In reality, it should have been quicker, faster than Lance could blink. But it wasn’t; the beginning was slowed just slightly, allowing him a moment’s view of how the skin of her forehead began to rip open. Then the object slammed through, finishing its impact, the long icicle-like point sticking out from the center of her forehead. Blood arrived as she fell, spraying out in a line. Lance heard the wet impact, seeing in his mind’s eye the splatter of red across Zidane’s face.
Kyrene landed on her knees. The wind chime bowed with her head as it lowered, the tip nearly touching Zidane’s nose. As if he were imagining it, Lance saw everything from Zidane’s eyes. The piece of the chime unfocused due to the proximity to his face, its color nothing but red with tiny chunks of a darker color. Her eyes a glassy, reflective gold, looking ahead to the floor and seeing nothing. And then her mouth moved, brief twitches forming the start of a name she had spoken so lovingly.
Nachi.
Her muscles gave, and from the corner of his own eyes Lance watched as she fell. Hitting the floor and leaving him to continue staring straight ahead, where she had been standing, smiling, just a few seconds ago. Lance focused as much as he could on the man in front of them, feeling a quiet but urgent suffocation in his chest.
The Spiro’s arm lowered, the action intentionally slow. Controlled and confident. His eyes were bright, seeming nearly pale against the moonlight. He let out a rough cackle, the laugh telling Lance all he needed to know. This hunt was over.
Silver flashed against the light, bringing Lance’s stare to the dagger in his hand. Its blade was long; deep jagged running along its hooked shape. Most of the weapon was soaked in blood, but what the red hadn’t reached, the moonlight flickered off of as he started moving. Walking, stalking towards his prey despite the blood soaking through the clothes covering his legs and torso.
Zidane shifted back, foot skittering against the floor, shaking terribly. Lance could tell he wasn’t breathing anymore; like his thoughts, his breath had lost itself somewhere in the fear.
Finally, an inhale came. Something small and rough; a noise that was almost a sob. Seeing from his mind again, Lance sensed the tears. One had broken free when Kyrene had bowed towards him and now a few more had joined, their feather weight doing nothing against the fresh blood on his face.
As if that had been his cue, the Spiro lunged forward, reaching for something. Lance changed positions again, watching from the side as the Spiro lifted Zidane by his neck. Lance felt a hint of the tightness in his own throat. The grip wasn’t crushing; it was enough to keep air pushing through his lungs
Zidane, however, was struggling. His feet kicked the air, small hands powerless against the one holding his throat. Weak gasps slipped through his mouth as the knife rose again. The blade turned downwards, point resting directly underneath Zidane’s left eye.
Another, tiny breath sounded. One that came from another side of the room. Lance turned, looking with both of them to see Adelah standing in a second doorway. She stayed there, the fear never flinching away from her face as the Spiro shouted, the foreign word one Lance could only guess as a heavy curse.
He turned back, knife pulling away from Zidane’s face and beginning to plunge the blade in. When the blade was inches away, the flames started. Curling up from Zidane’s feet, wrapping around his legs and sending off embers that dissipated almost immediately. Halfway through, as the fire engulfed his waist, Zidane looked towards his sister, barely having enough time to see her face.
The memory was a snapshot; a picture that did not move. The fear was still there in Adelah’s face, but beneath the expression, lightly touching her eyes, Lance saw concern. Time sped up, the flames covering Zidane completely. Lance felt the scene slip away, pulling him to somewhere else.















Chapter Ten
Bright Shadow

Lance stood in an alleyway. In a flurry of whipping fire, Zidane appeared across from him. The crossbreed’s small legs gave out instantly, slumping him against the wall across from Lance. The blood was still on his face, splashed across the center of his nose and eyes with heavy flicks towards the outside of his features.
Lance didn’t breathe. He wasn’t sure he knew how to anymore. He just stared, eyes fixed on the prick the blade had created on Zidane’s lower eyelid and the pink hand marks on his neck that were quickly turning red. Seeing it all, but not taking it in. He just watched everything replay in his head. All the blood. The organs. The wind chime spiking through Kyrene’s head. All of it repeating over and over until the unbearable emptiness inside his chest pulled him away. 
Then, like dominoes falling, it all came at once; his upper body shook, bowing forward with every heavy movement of his lungs. They weren’t sobs; they were barely even breaths. It was the clipping sound that happens when pain becomes too much to hold in, and out of pure natural desperation, the body tries to eradicate it. It was a sound, a motion, that Lance had at first thought unfamiliar—something only seen in movies and TV. But then a memory came to him, one that reached out from somewhere far away.
He was young, rolling a toy car on the frame of a doorway. Then he was watching his mother. She was slumped over the kitchen table, her arms covering his view of her face. Her back lowered in quick sobs, her inhales nothing more than quiet moans. Lance wanted to say something, wanted to ask what was happening. But a glint of light caught his focus; a gold ring he had never seen bounced against the floor, as if it had fallen off the table.
The alleyway came back to him like he had just woken up from a dream. His face was wet, the spaces below his eyes dabbed with tears. A few more fell before Lance felt something move through him. He didn’t remember inhaling but there was something traveling through his lungs, spreading into the rest of him and relaxing everything it could. Easing away the tension locking his muscles, fading away the thoughts that had caused such stress. He remained in a haze-like state for another moment, perfectly content with allowing every breath to repair him. And then the feeling faded, escaping out through his nose like smoke. The last memory Zidane had showed him nothing more than a blur, his own repressed one like a profound but fleeting thought.
Lance focused back, seeing that Zidane had stopped moving. The crossbreed was still hunched over, face covered by his bent legs and arms limp near his ankles. He stayed, motionless, until Lance saw the single drop of water fall on his head.
A second drop hit. Zidane lifted his head, barely moving away from his knees. A moment passed before he looked up to the sky, staring at the grey clouds. Another raindrop landed, hitting his nose; he flinched, eyes closing.
The rain quickened and within a matter of seconds it was pouring. Lance looked back to Zidane just in time to see the crossbreed sprint out of the alleyway, arms covering his head. Lance’s entire body clenched with tension as he saw Zidane bolt into the street. Cars sped past, some slamming on their horns and others narrowly missing.
Lance was teleported again to the edge of another alleyway. He watched as Zidane sped past him, halting in the middle of the alley with his head turning every which way as if looking for something. After a moment, he stumbled back, hitting the wall and sliding down against it.
Lance’s calm strides made no sound against the concrete, the falling rain never touching him. He listened as Zidane spoke, his seventeen-year-old voice ringing out against the sound of the rain.
“It was the first time I’d seen any of it,” he said, looking to the sky. “Rain, cars, people. I had no idea what to think, where to go.” His hands opened, gesturing to the ground beneath them. “What I was even walking on. It was foreign— all of it.”
Lance nodded, taking in what he said. He couldn’t help but notice the blood on Zidane’s face was now gone, the large streak that had been smeared and smudged from the pressure of his face against his knees completely washed away by the rain. The darker spots near the chest of his single-pieced robe, however, told Lance that not everything was free of blood.
Something in Lance came to surface, an odd feeling that ballooned against his chest. They needed to talk about it, everything that had just happened. The memory might be most of a blur now, but Lance still remembered the basis of what happened. Zidane’s life, family... Gone. It needed some kind of closure.
Lance could feel the crossbreed’s attention on him, but nothing left Zidane. No words of solace or farewell, no recollection of a happier memory. With a pain in his lungs, Lance realized that there were probably very few of those. At least during those first five years. Five. Jesus, most kids his age had just stopped drooling on themselves. It wasn’t fair. None of this was fair.
“Lance?”
He looked up, meeting Zidane’s eyes. They were brighter, a few shades past medium blue. With the light smile still on his face, he continued on.
“Trust me when I say my life gets better. I need you to hold on to that thought, okay?”
Lance pulled in a breath, ridding the tightness of his throat. He nodded. “Yeah, okay. Sure.”
Zidane returned the nod before looking away, eyes passively scanning the wall in front of him. And then he laughed, giving a light shrug.
“Well, I’m not even sure how to explain this part. Um, I stayed in the alleyway for a little while. Lived off what I could find in the dumpster—learned fairly quickly that I couldn’t digest any metals. Most of the stuff was either rotten or leftover fast food.” He gave Lance a tight smile. “Neither went down so well.”
Lance pushed away his own memory, trying not to think of the deep plummets his vomit had made against the toilet’s water. He shifted his feet, wanting to ask how Zidane had survived. To his surprise, the crossbreed had faded from his sight.
When Lance blinked again, the alley had changed. Dark, thick liquid was splashed against the ground and bottom of the walls, most crusted and dried. Flies buzzed around, some prevalent to the vomit while other remained in the open dumpster. Lance found his stare traveling to his left, near where Zidane had been sitting just a moment ago. On the wall, drawn in nearly faded mud, was a marking made up of thin, intricate swirls. These lines eventually created a circle, the bottom outer swirl bending into a horizontal line that looked like the handle of a mirror. In the center of this circle was another symbol—one rather simple, but completely foreign. Zidane’s voice cut through Lance’s thoughts.
My celebration for turning six.
Lance focused back on the drawing, not wanting to voice his curiosity of what exactly this symbol meant. Zidane’s words were enough; the context was what mattered. Breathing through the anxiety tightening around his chest, Lance focused on Zidane as he faded in next to the drawing, sitting down and leaning against the side of the dumpster. His legs were bent, arms limp by his sides. Lance noticed the thinness of hands, the fact that Zidane’s single-pieced clothing seemed larger on him than it had before. The hollowness of his eyes stood out to him especially, and Lance watched the crossbreed’s eyes droop closed.
Someone walked into the alley, their movements hurried as they passed Lance. Zidane was alert; he pulled his legs out of the alley’s path, pressing and hiding himself against the dumpster’s corner. His deep eyes stayed closed, not daring to look up as the stranger passed by. A light cry of disgust made Lance look up, watching as the human raised the back of his hand to his mouth, turning away from the alleyway’s walls. A string of slang and curses left him, steps quickening in pace and bringing him out of the alley and away from the stench Lance could hardly smell.
Not more than a heartbeat later, Lance sensed something behind him. There was no movement, no sound that could have given any other indication, but as he turned, Lance saw something in the alley’s shadows. Someone was there, crouched low and moving quickly. They were tracking, prowling on two feet, but any chance Lance had at seeing more than a moment’s worth was suddenly gone.
He was looking through Zidane’s eyes again, sitting down and staring at the alley’s opposite wall. Beneath the shadows, Lance saw the eyes peering at him. Red and narrowed in caution. Lance felt Zidane’s lungs stop as if they were his own; he felt the thin but terrible line of fear bolt down the center of his body. Lance stared, feeling nothing but Zidane’s fear and, as the moments stretched on, a single hint of something else. Relief.
The figure, still nothing more than a pair of eyes and the faint outline of a narrow body, finally spoke.
“What are you?”
Zidane’s lungs started working again in quiet, rapid breaths. Lance sensed their movement at a distance, his own organs working again on their own. His sight, however, remained connected with the crossbreed.
“Answer,” the voice snapped, his eyes narrowing in a glare, a familiar flash of metal catching the alley’s light.
“S-Spiro. I’m Spiro.”
“What else?” The words were a snarl, ripping through the air between them.
Sounds came from Zidane, brief whimpers moving against his closed lips. As if he wanted to reply but couldn’t. It only lasted for a moment as his hand rose, arm turning upwards until his fingers pointed to the sky. His sleeve fell downwards as a result, the blue fabric bunching around his stick-thin arm and leaving his hand uncovered.
The marking was studied for a long time. No more words came from the other side of the alley. Finally, Lance watched the figure straighten, beams of sunlight revealing part of the stranger’s face. Pure red hair and one eye that barely lightened in the sun. A thin jawline could be seen on the opposite side of his face.
“Come with me,” he said, meeting Zidane’s eyes. He turned, moving in the direction he came from and disappearing out of sight.
Lance found himself back in his own body, watching Zidane rise to his feet. Despite the shaking of his legs and the frail hand finding support against the dumpster, he moved quicker than Lance expected. Soon, Zidane stepped forward, out into the wide strip of sunlight created by the roofs of the two buildings, and followed outside of the alley.
Lance stepped out onto the sidewalk. He sensed Zidane standing beside him, focus darting from one passerby to the next in search for red eyes. Then Zidane’s focus slipped away, going in the direction the passerby’s were moving. Lance followed, stare instantly being directed to one person; his intuition directing him yet again. Lance looked down at the hands that hung at their side, seeing two fingers curling in a quick, familiar motion.
Zidane started towards him, running and weaving through passerbys for barely a second. He halted when that hand stretched out, screaming for him to stop.
The stranger, someone in a jacket with the hood pulled up, halted at a crosswalk. He stood at the end of a small crowd, waiting for the light to turn. His hand caught Lance’s attention again, but a crowd of people passing by momentarily blocked his view. Through the cracks and spaces of bodies, Lance could make out the two fingers moving again. A command to calmly, slowly, follow.
Zidane looked around for a moment before matching the pace of those passing by. He walked, his outfit only attracting a few glances and, to Lance’s surprise, his tail seeming to attract none. Although the limb couldn’t have been more than a couple inches long, the dark brown was a contrast to the blue of his clothing, and despite this difference, Lance could sense no eyes from either direction linger for more than a split second. It was a passing glance, and whether it was his height or the length of his tail, Zidane seemed to be blending in perfectly fine.
Zidane stopped a few steps away from the hooded stranger, far enough away to see the commanding hand slip into the long pocket of his sweatshirt. They stood silently until Lance saw the crosswalk’s light change. The crowd moved forward, stepping out into the street while Zidane hesitated, staying put even when the hooded stranger walked forward. After a few moments, reality caught up and Zidane hurried after him. The hand came out instantly, all five fingers splaying out in a dangerously fierce command. Before Zidane could stop completely, the stranger’s hand moved again, motioning for him to follow once more as the stranger reached the other side of the crosswalk.
Taking the same pace as before, Zidane caught up soon enough, another hand movement setting him back a few steps away. They passed by stores and small restaurants in silence until Zidane’s head moved slightly, looking towards the people passing by. And then he looked up, staring at the person he was following.
“What’s your name?”
A slight turn of the head was the only indication his whisper was heard. “Arzo,” he replied quietly, looking back. “Don’t ask anything else.”
Zidane stayed quiet, feet almost stopping as a taxi slowed to a stop beside him. Lance watched as a woman in a dress got out of the back door, sensing the spike of surprise and fear from Zidane.
“They won’t hurt you,” Arzo said, “unless you give them a reason to try. Don’t get in the way of the cars while they’re moving.”
Zidane stopped, feet nearly tripping over the robe brushing against the ground. He halted for a split second, standing in complete fear.
“Not the people.” Arzo’s head turned, hood still covering his face. “Humans are the last thing we could possibly worry about! You should know that by now.”
“Wait, these are hu—”
Lance barely saw the movement; he only knew the next thing was Arzo crouched down, the four knuckles of his fingers pressed firmly against Zidane’s mouth. Lance stopped walking, seeing Arzo’s face for the first time and instantly recognizing those red eyes from the alleyway. Their anger had returned, becoming a fierceness that forced Lance to halt where he was.
“Stop. Talking.” There was something else accompanying Arzo’s voice; another layer of sounds Lance didn’t recognize. They came as a slight echo, the utter foreignness sparking the thought that this was their Spiro language.
Arzo turned back, hands moving into the sweatshirt pocket as he continued moving with Zidane trailing after. The scene changed, cars vanishing and the city buildings becoming houses. On the other side of a nearly dead lawn, failing to be protected by a beaten fence, was a particularly broken down two-story home. Arzo and Zidane came into Lance’s view, crossing the lawn and heading towards the front door. As Arzo opened it, Lance was transported, standing behind both of them with a clear view of the inside.
The door had barely opened before Arzo’s left hand was suddenly in front of Zidane’s face. His other hand had reached over to the right side of the crossbreed’s chest, and both were holding knives by the blades. Swinging from the momentum, the door opened fully, revealing an entire room full of people with weapons in their hands. No—not people. Spiros, with their tails in full view. Lance stepped back, listening as Arzo spoke.
“He’s a mix.” A few knives—weapons that Lance didn’t even notice had been thrown—dropped, narrowly missing Zidane’s feet as the crossbreed stepped back.
The room was silent for a moment and then an older woman spoke up, voice low.
“What do you mean a mix?”
“Smell it for yourself,” Arzo replied, moving into the room with Zidane quickly trailing behind. His head was bowed, and from somewhere far away Lance could sense his lungs moving. He was scared, and rightfully so. The brutality of the weapons they were holding alone was enough to make Lance’s stomach tighten.
A man stepped out into their path, stopping them from walking. “If that thing’s what I think it is, I’ll spill its blood right now,” he said, holding a long, curved sword inches away from Zidane’s face.
Arzo reached up, hand disappearing behind his hood. The cloth was knocked down as he slipped his hair out from underneath his sweatshirt, bringing the long tail in front of one shoulder.
“I think you’re forgetting who you’re talking to, Meji.”
Meji stared for another moment, every sign of defiance gone. And then he stepped away, giving them room to continue on.
Arzo’s hair dropped behind him as he moved forward, the full length almost reaching to the middle of his back. Keeping behind, Lance surveyed the room, noting how everyone’s hair was long enough to be tied back in even the most minimalist of ponytails. All eyes were on Zidane, the collective heat of their stares making Lance want to drop further away from the crossbreed. But then he noticed the children, some even younger than Zidane, looking up to those around them in question, in curiosity.
Lance slowed as they reached the staircase in the back of the room. He watched Arzo begin ascending it, two words floating back to Zidane.
“Wait here.”
Zidane stayed at the base of the stairs, studying the carpet-covered panels. Gradually, the caution faded from his eyes, his focus slipping back towards the center of the room.
A light trail of shock struck Lance as he turned, seeing the thirty or so eyes still staring. The anger had only intensified, pulling back like someone yanking away a ferocious dog. Lance’s attention settled on a male Spiro sitting on a crate, hunched over with his chin on the hilt of his sword, hands wrapped near the handle. The blade was long and wide, more of an oversized machete than anything. Its tip was pressed against the floor, twisting against the wood patiently.
Lance felt time speed up. It was an odd sensation, the kind of strange, stiff ache that occurs after waiting in one spot for a long time and finally moving. He turned, looking up the staircase in time to see Arzo appear at its top.
It was barely more than a few seconds, but in the time it took for Arzo to crouch down and his hand to raise, motioning for Zidane to follow, Lance realized the Spiro’s age. No more than nineteen, he was younger than Lance had expected. Only a few years away from his own age. This feeling was carried with the transition to another room, one entirely devoid of furniture.
Lance walked behind Arzo and Zidane as they moved through the doorway, noting there was someone on the room’s opposite side. His attention slipped away from seeing who it was as he sensed Zidane slowing down, fear hindering him like quicksand. Arzo pushed him forward with one hand, the motion light enough for him to stumble without falling over. The crossbreed stopped upon catching his balance, halting where he was. Lance followed his stare.
Jykunn. The name sped into his mind at first sight; a flash of familiarity despite the fact Lance had never seen him before. He sat on the opposite side of the room, incredibly long black hair pooling out onto the floor beneath him. One strip of grey interrupted this monsoon of black, the stroke beginning at his hairline. Despite this, Lance averaged that he couldn’t have been any older than his mid-thirties.
He sensed there was a coolness about this man; a calm, underlying sense of authority that rolled through the air like a morning fog. It was this observation that made him take note of his face, the way his eyebrows and mouth pulled downward ever so slightly.
“Its smell is a problem.”
Arzo remained quiet, eyes never raising from their spot near Jykunn’s feet. Lance watched the man’s expression flatten again, endlessly black eyes quickly sweeping over Zidane.
“Turn,” he said.
A silence came filled the room, one that was amplified by Zidane’s lack of movement. The crossbreed stayed where he was, and gradually his emotions sunk into Lance’s chest. A paralyzing fear that was keeping his feet, his eyes, his head, from moving anywhere. A nearly crippling feeling caused by everything surrounding him. It was all too new. Too foreign.
Lance never saw the blade that flashed past Zidane’s head. He only heard the heavy knock of it embedding into the wall behind them, the one directly above the staircase fifteen feet away.
“Move.”
Zidane turned around quickly, his head staying down, eyes locked somewhere beneath him. Jykunn spoke again, more than irritation in his voice this time.
“Are you too stupid to have a tail, too?”
Lance looked back to Zidane, surprised, as he sensed the same emotion dart through Arzo as well. But Arzo’s was mixed with something else: fear. Fingertips shaking, Zidane raised a hand, tugging down the part of the robe hiding his tail. The hole slipped back over, and from his mind’s eye, Lance caught a glimpse of the miniature limb poking through once more.
For the first time, Jykunn looked to Arzo. It was a rather bored stare, passing through the Spiro for only a moment before drifting back to Zidane.
“Take it on a run,” he said, looking down to one of the plastic bags surrounding him and digging out an apple. He bit into it, the crunching sound sending a mixture of confusion and outright fear into Zidane. The crossbreed looked up and behind himself, seeing Arzo begin to walk out of the room. After turning to look back—and then thinking better of it—Zidane followed after him. Lance was teleported into room scattered with clothes, the memory already playing.
Arzo straightened from bending down, draping a shirt over his arm. This was quickly followed by similar articles of clothing— pants, socks, shoes. They were blindly tossed on the floor in a relatively straight line, leaving Zidane to stare in silence.
When the crossbreed made no attempt at moving, Arzo sighed and muttered a word Lance didn’t understand. The implication came to him in a thought: useless.
He crossed the room, picking up the small red shirt on the way over. He stopped in front of Zidane, motioning upwards with a hand. Zidane understood, hurrying to hunch over and slip arms out of his sleeves like a turtle in its shell. He began pushing the robe off of him from the inside, Arzo waiting on one knee with the shirt still in his hand.
The room faded into a cityscape again, and Lance looked at the building in front of him. He stood in back of the tall complex, the zig-zag fire escape capturing his focus for only a moment before he turned around. An alley was directly behind him, shadows moving past Zidane and Arzo as they walked down it. An emotion fell against Lance, expanding and deflating deep within his chest as if it were a third lung. The movement was rapid, but the feeling it possessed was something he understood. Fear. Complete, outright fear.
He could see it in Zidane’s eyes, knew the emotion had to be coming from him. And it was strange to see the parallel, the polar opposite walking right beside him. A steely expression, one that would have seemed vacant of all emotion if it wasn’t for the eyes. A dark color that nearly blended with the alley’s shadows until the pathway suddenly ended, the sunlight illuminating the hint of red once more.
The moment they stepped out of the alley, the fear dropped away from Lance. Zidane’s eyes lightened to something of a navy blue, a deeper breath moving out of his mouth. Lance turned with them as they passed by, keeping both in his sight as they stopped below the building’s fire escape. The large, bottom ladder had been pulled up, its lower rungs out of their reach.
Arzo lifted a hand, a chain shooting out from the sleeve of his jacket. It stayed connected to him as it slipped between two rungs and hung down, swinging for a moment. Lance saw something of a twitch from Arzo’s hand and the chain extended, dropping further down. He caught sight of a blade—a knife attached to the other end of the chain.
Arzo moved forward, keeping his arm up as he moved to the side of the ladder. The dangling chain was now long enough for him to reach and, with his hand grasping each side, he pulled down. He stepped back as the ladder dropped. The chain retracted, quickly slipping back into his sleeve. Lance watched the blade disappear as well, and without a word Arzo stepped up to the ladder.
The scene changed; Lance stood on the fire escape’s platform, the exact height something he didn’t turn to estimate. He immediately felt every part of him becoming touched with an electricity that his muscles recoiled against, as if they could somehow fight back the fear. He kept his eyes away from the edges of the fire escape and the drop below, focusing on Arzo as he stepped onto Lance’s level, crouching low.
Soundlessly, he slipped past Lance, moving towards the window beside him. Lance sensed Zidane before he could turn and look, hearing and feeling his footsteps against the last steps of the staircase before he even saw the crossbreed’s feet step off. From his kneeling position at one side of the window, Arzo lifted a hand. Lance nearly flinched, expecting the knife to shoot out again, surprised when nothing but a flat palm appeared. Another silent scream for Zidane to stop moving.
The fire escape’s rattling halted immediately, Zidane remaining statue-still until Arzo gave two hand motions and lowered his hand. Keeping as low as he could, Zidane moved quietly towards him. Lance felt the small vibrations beneath his feet, the ripples of pressure and sound traveling past him and stopping when Arzo raised a hand again. Zidane obeyed the command, watching as Arzo shifted and leaned back against the wall, still crouched low.
His hand vanished into the front pocket of his hoodie, returning a moment later with a small mirror. With a skillfulness that is only developed from practice, he angled it towards the window next to him, swiftly turning the mirror before suddenly lowering it down. Inside the apartment, Lance watched a woman walk by, passing through the kitchen and moving through the doorway directly in front of them, her steps heavily waddled. She turned to the left, walking down a hallway that reminded Lance of the pale yellow used for Easter eggs.
As soon as she was out of sight, Arzo moved. He turned in front of the window, the knife from before in his hand. He worked the blade in between the middle of the two windows, where the switch lock would be on the other side. Lance heard the quick sound of metal snapping and Arzo leaned to the side, using the knife to easily pry open the window. The knife returned to his sleeve—this time Lance catching a twitch of Arzo’s fingers when it did. He watched the Spiro silently open the window, the action calm and slow, but not cautious. Like this had all been done hundreds of times without fail.
He motioned to Zidane, who hesitated before stepping closer. The crossbreed kept low, making little sound as he stopped beside Arzo. Arzo looked away, attention moving to the inside of the apartment, to the kitchen counter where groceries were waiting to be put away.
Holding up one last command to stay, Arzo stood, stepping through the window and into the small kitchen. He moved with a combination of speed and silence that Lance would have previously thought impossible, nearly gliding to the counters near the other end of the kitchen. Lance watched as Arzo stopped in front of the counter, still bent low enough to reach the grocery bags on the floor. The two plastic bags barely made a sound as he lifted them from the tile and brought his focus to the ones on the counter. He took several of them by passing his arm through each handle, raising them together all at once.
The rushing sound of a toilet flushing cut through the silence. With even quicker steps than before, Arzo made his way back to the window. By the time the quiet roar of water faded, Arzo was handing Zidane the last bag, the other six placed outside of the window.
“Quiet the bags.”
Zidane nodded, following Arzo’s method of supporting the bag’s bottom while he held it with the other hand. Arzo let go, turning back towards the apartment as he stood completely upright, and began walking towards the kitchen’s doorway, strides long. Lance noticed Zidane glance down at the bag in his arms before leaning forward, panic in his whisper.
“What’re you doing?”
A small chuckle answered him as Arzo stopped. He turned back, eyes brightening for the first time. His grin expanded, white teeth seeming brighter with the red of his eyes.
“Cleansing the world.”
The word sent a waterfall of ice down Lance’s back. He shivered, watching Arzo turn back towards the doorway and walk towards it. There was a new type of calmness to him, a confidence that seemed like the worst type. It glided him across the room like a ghost, soundlessly making him disappear into the hall to the right—the opposite way the woman had turned.
Everything was quiet. And then Lance heard her voice.
“Who are you? What are you doing here? Get back!”
The floorboards sounded, creaks quickly getting closer to the kitchen’s doorway. The woman backed up further, tears running down her cheeks. Her arms wrapped around her protruding stomach, embracing it with shaking arms.
“Please.” The word was choked out in a sob of tears and snot. She took another step back, half her body viewable through the doorway. “Please don’t hurt my—”
The chain shot out, the blade nothing more than a blur of steel. Lance’s sight darkened, but whether it was from the partial closing of his own eyes or some change in his surroundings, he didn’t know. His hand closed over his mouth as he looked down, feeling a ghost of the stab twitch at the back of his own mouth. The sound repeated, echoing in his head; the quick separation of skin and muscle, the dark red blood pattering against those yellow walls like the start of rain.
He heard the thump of her body fall back against the floor and then the sound of the woman struggling to breathe with liquid in her lungs. The thick choking, a nearly rhythmic noise that eventually stopped.
His eyes opened to the sound of jingling, and looking up, Lance saw that the blade, the chain, had disappeared, leaving only the woman’s legs sticking out to the doorway.
With a sound similar to before, the blade was forcefully pulled out. Lance heard the flicks, like paint being splattered against a canvas. The chain was still visible, laying in a long, wide loop near the woman’s feet. Lance watched it retract, the blade quickly following the chain’s path like the fire on a dynamite fuse. The weapon disappeared from his sight, a tight click silencing the chain.
Arzo stepped into the kitchen, heading towards the counter where the few remaining groceries were still waiting to be put away. He carried them out without breaking his stride, handing Zidane another as he stepped through the window. Seeming to snap out of his trance, Zidane shifted the two bags in his arms, looking down at the contents in a confused wonder.
“You can eat however much you can carry,” Arzo said, picking up a good portion of the bags on the ground.
Zidane scrambled, trying to pick up another bag with his wrist and nearly dropping the contents of those in his arms. Arzo reached down, raising one of them by the handle. He held it out to Zidane, who understood after a moment. The crossbreed reached through, and gently the bag was released, completely held by Zidane’s wrist. Arzo twirled his own hand, fingers gripping the bag and strengthening the hold.
Zidane copied, entwining the two bags together. Arzo set another on the crossbreed’s wrist, his eyes dimming back to their normal nearly-black color. Lance held back the shiver threatening to move through him, shoving the thought of the woman out of his mind, pulling every ounce of focus away from the window, away from the sight of her legs still sticking out of the doorway. He watched Arzo step towards the fire escape’s staircase, Zidane turning to follow as the memory faded.
Without truly knowing it at first, Lance was walking down an alleyway with Arzo a few strides ahead. Lance sensed it was one different than the alley near the apartment complex, somehow knew it was on another part of town. Zidane walked beside him, holding a bag to his chest while the other two swayed from his wrist. He finished off the last of a chocolate bar, dropping the wrapper on the ground. He looked in one of the bags, arm reaching in to try and find what was left as Arzo suddenly spoke.
“We have rule with new members.” His voice was quiet, tone almost soft. “You’ve probably realized I haven’t asked for your name—and that’s because I’m changing it. It’s one of the ways we let go of the past, put whatever happened behind us.” The smallest of smiles came into his voice, curving his words just slightly. “I think ‘Zidane’ fits that pretty well.”
Lance felt the crossbreed’s confusion mixing with his own, but within moments, thoughts sped into his brain. A concept that, upon hearing the word, seemed like he was reviewing it. That name went back into ancient Spiro history, back when they lived on the surface and tried to give reasons for how and why everything worked. In one era, shadows were something to be wary of; they arrived only when the light did, shining down and separating the darkness from whatever the light touched. For some Spiros, however, their shadows never seemed to leave. As long as there was light, the shadows stayed, following them in a reminder their past would always be with them.
Literally translated, Zidane means “Bright Shadow,” Lance thought. With no shadow, there is no past.
Lance looked beside him and stopped walking when he didn’t see Zidane. The crossbreed was more than a few steps back, standing there almost in shock. A small breeze lifted one of his bags, the fluttering of the nearly empty plastic filling the air’s space. The stunned expression seemed to collapse all at once, and Zidane lifted a hand, failing to cover up the frown that sobs were escaping from. His eyes stayed on Arzo, brightening in a way that reminded Lance of storm clouds moving, passing over and revealing the sun again. Revealing a bluer sky.
Lance didn’t feel the emotions; instead his own chest and stomach caved inwards, feeling a moment’s worth of that happiness, that sense of belonging—something that had been bottled up and locked away finally coming to light full force. Though Arzo’s expression did not change, a brighter shade of red changed his eyes. He turned back, continuing out of the alleyway with Zidane running after him, the grin showing no signs of leaving.
















Chapter Eleven
Within

“There’s something I don’t get.”
Zidane looked up from unwrapping a packaged cupcake, waiting for Lance to continue. With his attention going across the room, ignoring the weapons hanging from every wall, Lance focused on Arzo. The Spiro continued to sit, one arm on a bent leg, focusing on the floor. 
“How is it that Spiros are here? They can’t teleport at all, right?”
Zidane shook his head. “It happened a maybe a decade or so ago; Spiros tried to revolt again, start another war by entering the neutral zone and slaughtering whoever they could find. This didn’t go over well with the mechanism that’d been placed at the zone’s entrance. It’s like a wide, invisible metal detector, almost, but instead of picking up traces of metal, it picks up your true intentions—what you go to the zone for. If your intentions for entering the zone are good, then you’re allowed to go in. But in this case, those who wanted to hurt and cause harm were rejected and sent to the surface.” He tapped the floor beneath him. “It’s the ultimate prison for anyone non-human.”
Lance suppressed the slight offense the statement gave him, looking at the logic of it. “Because there’s no getting out.”
Zidane nodded. “Right.”
Staying quiet, Lance thought for a moment, feeling an idea brew in the back of his mind. He didn’t want to ask, didn’t feel like he knew enough yet. But… Assuming at one point, Zidane had the ability to teleport and he was still in contact with these Spiros… Couldn’t they go back?
The crinkling of plastic dissolved the curiosity away, and Lance stored the thought away for later. He looked up to see Zidane taking the first bite out of the cupcake. The crossbreed’s eyes rolled back along with his head, a hum of pleasure emitting from him.
“I forgot how good these are.”
“Isn’t that just purely processed?” Lance asked.
Zidane nodded. “I threw it up an hour later, but I can still remember the good parts of it, y’know?” He turned, pulling out another cupcake and tossing it to Lance. “Here.”
Lance caught it, ignoring the fact that he wasn’t hungry, the fact that in reality he was somewhere entirely different pressed against his mind like a ghost. He let the feeling fade, splitting open the package with a flash of childhood nostalgia. He looked to Arzo, a question surfacing. 
“Is it common for them to be walking around in plain sight? Like, have I passed by people like him without even knowing it?”
Zidane chewed for a moment. Tossing the empty package to the side and sweeping the crumbs off his palms, he said, “Depends on your city. But even then there’s not too many of them; I only know of about twenty different groups set up across the country, and that’s just from overhearing people talk.”
Lance picked up on the present tense. “Do you still do this? Thieve?”
Zidane only smiled. “It’s another story.” He looked to Arzo, then back at Lance. “Anything else before we move on?”
Lance flicked the crumbs off his thumb, motioning to Arzo. “What’s the deal with him? Was he part of that raid that happened?”
“With Arzo?” Zidane returned, turning to pull an orange out of a bag. “He would’ve been around nine when it happened, but some recruit young, use them as body shields if they have to.” He quickly shook his head as if trying to erase the thought. “But to give you an answer, I really don’t know if he was part of it.”
“You never found out?”
“Never wanted to. It was an attack on my own race—and even if I did, Arzo’s really not the friendliest guy to talk to.” A slight grin came to him, settling down as he said, “But if you’re asking about if I ever found out more about him specifically, then that’s also a ‘no.’ He kept to himself most the time, and even then he didn’t say much aside from telling me what to do.” 
Lance nodded, noting how casual he was about this. He watched Zidane’s thumb dig underneath the orange’s peel, adding to the pile of strips and patches on his pants. A few moments passed before Arzo stood, rising from his place across the room. 
Zidane looked up as he started moving across the room, thumb immediately freezing mid-peel. When Arzo stopped in front of him, the crossbreed stayed seated, entire being attentive. Arzo bent down, reaching for one of the plastic bags as his other hand moved, upturning towards Zidane.
“Dodge this.”
 The blade shot out suddenly, the chain’s releasing jingle the only indication of movement that Lance heard.   The knife embedded with a solid thunk as Lance found himself at a better angle, across the room and behind Arzo. Slight relief fell into him as he saw the dagger beside Zidane’s head with a collection of blonde hair shavings on his shoulder. Zidane kept his eyes closed, entirely silent as a trail of bright blood slid past his ear. Arzo reached forward, taking the knife out of the wall with a few scraps of paint.
“At least you know something,” he mused, the blade ascending back into his sleeve with a twitch of his finger. 
Lance watched him continue across the room and turn out the door, the anger capturing his tongue.
“That guy’s a fuckin’ maniac…” 
He sensed a light smile on Zidane’s face and turned to see the crossbreed’s eyes had darkened further. 
“You probably don’t want to see what’s coming up next,” he said, looking up to Lance.
“What, why not?”
Zidane shook his head, that small smile still there as he opened another package of food, continuing to hold Lance’s gaze. “Just try and get some real thick skin, alright?”
He faded away, the weapons room changing after a moment. Lance now stood in the center of the main room; the large one Zidane and Arzo had first entered. Like before, it was populated—Spiros sitting on empty crates, old chairs and the floor. 
Conversations buzzed around, each one in a language Lance didn’t recognize. He looked to his left and then downwards, seeing Arzo was sitting at the edge of a crate. The wooden box was large enough for Zidane to also sit on it, facing the middle where he continued snapping apart the shells of pistachios and sorting the nuts from their casing. He suddenly stopped, leaning over the side of the crate and holding up a large, bulk supply bag of shelled pistachios. Lance watched him grab a handful, adding it to the pile in the center of the crate. 
The front door swung open, a flash of tension speeding through the air before vanishing. Lance looked towards the entrance, seeing a boy not much older than Zidane stroll in, numerous plastic bags slung over one shoulder. A few steps in, someone blocked his path, one large hand outstretched in waiting.
Someone close by spoke up, sounding tired. “Let’s make it easy this time, Mungslev.”
The boy’s dark eyes swept around the room, the slight glare in his features never letting up. He made a ticking sound with his teeth. “I stole the food,” he said. “Why should you idiots get half of it?”
From the corner of his eye, Lance felt some Spiros clench their fists; a few of the women raise their hands to their face. And then a gruff voice sounded amidst the silence.
“Boy needs a few cuts to that mouth.”
Mungslev looked in the voice’s direction, eyes darkening to a near black as the anger on his face deepened even more. Lance saw the hand by his side move, his fingers curling towards the knife in his pocket. 
The large Spiro still standing in front of him gestured with a twitch of his fingertips, motioning for the bags. With a heavy sigh that finished as a growl, Mungslev swung the bags off his shoulder, separating four of the eight into his other hand and handing them over. 
The bags were carried off without a word, and in a matter of moments the conversational buzz had returned. Mungslev remained sulking, the heavy glare on his face showing no sign of leaving. But then, his eyes stopped on a spot near Lance and the expression faded. Lance turned, acting on the impulse to follow his gaze and see Zidane. The crossbreed hadn’t looked up and, from what Lance could tell, hadn’t paid much attention to the confrontation, either. He remained focused on the shells, and in the brief spaces of time where his fingertips were empty of both shell and nut, Lance saw the rawness of his skin. He tried to hold back a shiver.
“Hey.”
Mungslev stood in front of the crate, on the opposite side of Arzo. He tried to get Zidane’s attention again, roughly tapping the crate with the tip of his shoe.
“Hey.”
“He’s working,” Arzo said, flicking a shell at him. It hit Mungslev square in the forehead. The Spiro wiped a hand over his bangs as if some remnants were still there, his eyes darkening even more.
“You’re in a good mood. Can’t remember the last time you lifted a finger for someone else.”
In less than a second, Arzo had a fistful of his hair, the bottom of his wrist positioned in front of Mungslev’s eye. Arzo didn’t speak, didn’t say a threat like Lance thought he would. They stayed in silence, a tension binding the air around them. A knowing of what a single, precise movement of Arzo’s fingers would do. Exactly where the knife would embed. 
Mungslev’s hair was released. For once, he was quiet; no words left him as he locked eyes with Arzo. With a short, low hiss through his teeth, he turned away—briefly glancing back towards Zidane as he walked away from them.
Lance moved a hand along his face, slightly exasperated. Took him long enough to shut up.
Zidane laughed faintly, bringing Lance’s focus to him. “He’s lucky he was so good at thieving. I don’t think I would’ve met him otherwise.”
Lance hesitated. “What d’you mean?”
“I don’t think he would’ve been around,” the crossbreed replied, spinning enough to completely face Lance. “Maybe if the attitude kept up and landed on a bad day, they would’ve killed him, but given the Spiro to human population here, I don’t think that would’ve happened. They probably would’ve throw him out on the street, disowned him. I’ve seen it happen before.”
Lance nodded, taking a moment to understand it all and push away the urge to pry into the future. Then he turned back to Zidane, remembering the warning before the last memory transitioned. “Why are you showing me this?”
“There’s another one that goes with this memory.” Zidane said. “That was just the first time I met him.”
Lance nodded again, about to reply when he was suddenly teleported to a different side of the room, where the wall that had been behind him just a moment ago. He sensed Zidane appear off to his left, and turning, he saw the crossbreed on the crate beside him. The child winked, the voice of a teenager in Lance’s thoughts.
“Trying to speed this up.”
In the next second, Lance heard the glimpse of a voice from behind him. A new memory was playing. Lance watched Arzo move, leaving his position of standing next to Zidane.
“Stay here.”
Zidane only looked back down to what was sprawled out on the crate, continuing to organize fruits and vegetables from the plastic bags beside him, placing anything remotely processed into another bag. This task wasn’t as automatic as unshelling the nuts; Zidane seemed more hesitant, hand hovering a bag of fruit snacks above the pile of actual fruit before tossing the snacks away.
With only the tiniest sounds from the floorboards, Mungslev stepped up to his crate. He watched Zidane for a moment, and with the window’s light coming in, Lance finally saw a glimpse of his eye color. Purple. It was an interesting contrast to the pure orange hair that was tied back and reached the base of his neck, but Lance’s focus was pulled to Mungslev’s face again. His mouth curved downwards in a frown, disgusted.
“That looks so boring. How can you stand to do that without hitting your head against something?”
Zidane didn’t reply. He kept sorting, oblivious to the flash of irritation in Mungslev’s face. The young Spiro turned, leaning back in search of Arzo. When he focused back on Zidane, he leaned forward, voice dropping to a whisper.
“Hey,” he said. “You haven’t thieved on your own yet, have you?”
Zidane’s hands stopped moving. He looked to the Spiro, who offered him a crooked-tooth grin.
“That got your attention. So you wanna or not?”
Zidane hesitated and Lance could sense his mind working. He watched the crossbreed lean over, looking in the direction Arzo had left.
Mungslev rolled his eyes. “He doesn’t care. Nobody cares about anyone here! Why haven’t you learned that by now?” Dramatically, he extended both hands out towards the piles. “Oh, right, ‘cause you’re too busy being boring!”
Lance cracked a smile, having to press a fist against his mouth in order to hold back laughter. Zidane only looked to the piles, no expression crossing his face as he turned back to Mungslev.
Mungslev raised both hands behind his head, focus going upwards. “Ah geez, talkative, too. This’ll be fun.” Sighing, he dropped his hands, using a pair of fingers to pinch the bridge of his nose. “Just… C’mon. I’ll teach you what you need to know to survive around here.”
Looking back to Zidane, Lance saw him turn towards the staircase where Arzo had been heading. The main room stayed empty except for a few Spiros sleeping on crates and against walls. No sign of anyone coming back soon...
Mungslev stopped a few feet from the doorway, frantically motioning to Zidane with one arm. He spoke through his teeth. “Come on!”
With one last glance, Zidane slipped off the crate. He followed Mungslev out the door, the Spiro in front of him muttering about how such small feet could be so loud. The scene dissolved and Lance stood in a kitchen he didn’t recognize. For a moment, if he stood still and focused just right, it felt like he was in his old home. There was something about it, something that wasn’t the dark yellow-orange and white checkered tiles or the scattered leftovers of chopped food on the counter. The feeling was something Lance could only describe as an energy. A feeling that greeted him as if he had been out in the cold and stepped into a house warmed by a fireplace.
It was a realization that only lasted a moment; soon, he heard the whisperings of voices and turned to the kitchen’s large window above the sink. 
“Don’t try and argue with me!” Mungslev’s voice. Lance sensed him on the other side of the wall, crouched below the window. “Now you wanna do this or not?”
Lance felt Zidane nod, seeing in his mind’s eye the quick movements of his head and his lips pressed together with a subtle tightness. He sensed Mungslev’s hand rise, motioning towards the window above them.
“Then, there you go.”
A moment later, Lance saw Zidane’s fingertips on the windowsill, heard the brief scrapes of his feet against the base of the house like he was trying to pull himself up. 
“Stop-stop-stop.” 
Zidane’s legs halted and Lance felt a light, familiar pressure below one of his own feet. Hands that had joined together, waiting for him to push off. 
“Now go.”
Zidane rose up, hands still on the windowsill while he looked into the kitchen. He stayed there in silent amazement until Mungslev snapped at him from below.
“What are you doing? Climb in!”
Quickly obeying, Zidane grabbed the other side of the windowsill and brought his leg up as well. He stayed like this, fully straddling the windowsill, side of his face pressed down, expression slightly confused like he was wondering if he was doing it right.
Mungslev groaned, a sound that eventually became muffled as he put his face in his hands. “Idiot… Completely useless. I can’t believe you’re still alive.”
Mungslev stood up, coming into Lance’s view before pushing the leg Zidane had placed inside the house in. He picked up his other leg, directing it over the window all while giving quiet instruction. 
"Here, just move this... Now put this over. Good, now sit up. Idiot."
This last word was muttered under his breath as he watched Zidane sit on the windowsill, now completely inside the house. The crossbreed looked around for a moment, taking in the quietness of the kitchen before Mungslev pushed him, the force not enough to knock him off balance.
“What’re you doing just sitting there? Come on!”
Zidane stood, foot slipping into the sink. He caught his balance on the windowsill behind him, staying still as he registered what happened. Putting both hands to his eyes, Mungslev turned away. 
“The noise. Why are you even here? This isn’t even fun anymore...”
It was at these last words that the blue in Zidane’s eyes diminished, darkening to a near black. Carefully, he let go of the faucet and stood upright in the middle of the sink. He made his way over the counter, turning around to momentarily hang from the ledge and drop down. As his shoes made contact with the tile flooring, Lance noticed a wince on Mungslev’s face, but the Spiro continued watching, the side of his hands pressed above his eyes. It almost seemed like binoculars at first; his thumbs created half-circles around the bottom of his eyes. But his other fingers were in a position that mimicked blocking the sun, close together as if he were waiting to fold them over and cover his sight. 
Zidane stopped a few feet into the kitchen, noticing the bags placed on the table nearby. He turned back to Mungslev, who quickly nodded with wide eyes and an open mouth. Quickly, before Zidane had really begun walking again, Lance realized he wasn’t tall enough to reach up and grab the bags. He watched as Zidane stopped at the table, this realization coming to the crossbreed as well. Without trying to stand on his tip-toes, he looked to the chair beside him and stepped up onto the seat. In a way that mirrored Arzo’s method, he slipped his arm through a bag, sliding it off the table as he brought it towards him. Whatever was in the bags was heavy, nearly slipping from Zidane’s grasp as gravity set in. The plastic bag wrinkled loudly at the sudden drop, a few cans knocking together and interrupting the silence. 
Lance looked with Zidane to the doorway close by; a swinging door in the corner of the room that had yet to move. Another sound of the bag brought Lance’s focus back, and with tension rising in his chest he watched Zidane carefully lower the bag down onto the floor. A few more bags followed, ones filled with lighter items like bread and fruit. And then, as the third one settled onto the floor, the sound of voices drifted in. Footsteps accompanied them, steps that were quickly getting closer to the swinging door.
Something seemed to shift in Mungslev; before Lance could turn and look to him fully, he was through the window and crouching on the counter with one foot in the sink for balance. A hand was outstretched, motioning for the bags. 
Without much care for the noise, Zidane grab the lightest of the four, running until he was close enough to begin tossing each one. Mungslev caught them, robotically slipping each one through his hand. When he held all three, his eyes widened in silent motion to the one bag still left; the one with the cans. 
As Zidane went back for it, Lance noticed the door. The footsteps had stopped, but the voices were just outside. The door was opened slightly, like someone was holding it from the other side. 
For anyone else, the cans would have been easy to carry. There weren’t many of them, but for Zidane the weight was enough. The bottom cans brushed against the ground, both of his arms struggling to carry them to the counter. The kitchen door opened as Mungslev opened the swinging cabinet beneath the counter, taking a step down to the inside shelf to lean forward and grab the bag from Zidane. He helped the crossbreed up as well, the cabinet’s shelf acting as a ladder-like step, and within moments Mungslev had dropped out of the window with the bags, Zidane stepping over the sink to follow. 
As his foot met the windowsill, the kitchen door swung closed. He turned, Lance following his gaze to the back of the room. A man stood there, body hunched with age. An onset of wrinkles rippled through his skin, but despite the lines, Lance was drawn to his eyes. They were kind, unbelievably soft; like the kitchen, they seemed to possess the same warm energy. His mouth curved upwards slightly, but most of the expression was in his dark blue of his eyes; the wrinkles beneath them curving upwards, crinkling the lines on the side of his eyes, the deepest out of all of them. 
Mungslev’s voice broke the silence, urgent whispers catching Lance’s focus and bringing it back to the room, back to the window Zidane stood in front of, one foot on the ledge. Zidane looked back, meeting the old man’s eyes again. The man kindly motioned with his head to the window, the smile unwavering. 
Go.
Still seeming to be in a daze, Zidane finally moved, giving one last look before slipping out the window and dropping onto the ground below.

__________________________

Lance slid against the alleyway’s wall, pushing his legs out as he felt the sun gently warming his skin, his clothes. He wanted to close his eyes, enjoy it for a moment, but the strange thought of how the warmth wasn’t real took his focus elsewhere. Was the warmth something his own mind was creating, or was it another detail Zidane had put in?
He looked ahead, where Zidane and Mungslev sat across from him. They were nearly immersed in shadow, the darkness cutting across the ground and Lance’s outstretched leg at an angle. Despite the contrast in light, Lance could see them. He could see the two bags beside Zidane, another in his lap, its plastic bustling about as Zidane’s hand dug around inside. He soon pulled out a small bag of nuts and his face fell in something of disgust and disappointment. Lance nearly let out a laugh, knowing the memory of unshelling so many was replaying in his head. He kept the amusement in, knowing there was something different about this memory. A peacefulness he didn’t dare interrupt.
Mungslev reached out, snatching the bag from him. “Hey, those are good!”
Zidane didn’t protest, watching as Mungslev tore open the top of the re-sealable bag and opened it up. Lance watched as the crossbreed turn back to his plastic bag, picking out a can. His face fell with subtle disappointment; the memory of living in the alley, learning he couldn’t digest metals flashed into Lance’s thoughts.
“Here.” In a way that seemed softer than before Mungslev reached out, taking the can from Zidane’s hold. 
One leg stretched out, allowing him to take the knife from his pocket. He laid the can on its side, placed the blade near the edge of the lid, and began sawing. The knife was sharper than Lance expected, but then again he’d never expected a seven-year-old to be carrying around a knife at all. He looked up to Mungslev’s face, studying the slight concentration in his features, and wondered how he got here.
It was a thought Zidane didn’t answer; the can was sawed into halfway without interruption and Mungslev immediately tilted it upright. He used the knife again, moving it into the can and prying the newly formed lid up and away.
His stare remained completely turned away as his arm stretched out to Zidane, silently offering the can back. The lid bounced at the motion, thin metal hanging on to the rest of the can by no less than an inch. A silence overtook them both, Zidane’s stare going from Mungslev to the can. Mungslev didn’t move, every strain of his focus on the ground beside him. Eventually, Zidane took the can with both hands, bringing it towards him and staring down at it. His fingers fished around inside for a moment, thumb and forefinger only coming up for air to meet one another, thin syrup exchanging between each kiss of the skin. 
When Zidane began pulling out the thin slices of peaches, when a few more moments of silence passed, Lance heard Mungslev speak again. Ever since the can was offered, an emotion had been planted in the air. Slowly, it had spread, and upon hearing Mungslev’s voice, Lance became settled into its presence. 
“You got lucky back there, you know.”
Zidane turned to him, one cheek puffed with food and lips spotted with syrup. Mungslev glanced in his direction, dark eyes switching to something of a deeper plum color. He shook his head.
“That guy could’a had one of those boom… things.” He made a gun with his hand, firing it soundlessly before shaking his head. His hand dropped down to his lap. “I don’t know what they’re called; I just know they hurt.”
They stayed in silence, all three of them, until Mungslev looked back down to the bag of mixed nuts. He put a hand in, a one that Lance painfully realized was so small. Way too young for any of this. 
“So yeah,” Mungslev said, bringing his hand out. He turned his palm upwards and opened his fingers, revealing a small pile of nuts. “Wasn’t bad for your first time.” 
While he began to eat, Zidane stayed quiet, blankly staring at a spot besides Lance where the alley wall met the ground. His eyes deepened, darkness bleeding and overtaking the blue until there was barely any left. For the first time in what seemed like a long while, he spoke. His voice rang out in the darkness covering them, the whispered words traveling to Lance and hitting something inside him like an earthquake. 
“Does it get better?” he asked. 
Mungslev’s chewing slowed, and then eventually, he shrugged, looking away. 
“Not sure, but let me know when you find out.”
Another moment of stillness passed before one of them moved; Zidane looked down to the can of peaches, then to Mungslev. Without a word, he extended the can, holding it out in offering. Mungslev glanced between him and the can, seemingly about to reject it until he reached forward, taking it from Zidane’s hand. 
A smile curved Zidane’s lips as Mungslev held the can between his knees, tipping the handful of nuts into his mouth. They didn’t speak; Lance could tell they didn’t have to. The emotion he had felt at the very beginning of the memory came up again. A peacefulness that made him more aware of the sun, a warmth regardless of whether it was real or not. But it wasn’t just a feeling of contentment. It was friendship.
Lance’s surroundings faded, becoming nothing but the pure white landscape again. He took a small step back, trying to look around and see something of the next memory. This couldn’t be the end… Could it?
Zidane stepped towards him, still in the body of his six-year-old self. He looked up, a little surprised as he stopped a few feet from Lance.
“Oh, this isn’t it,” the crossbreed said with a smile. “I just… wanted to give you a little more of a transition into the next memory.”
The connection clicked. “This is the one, isn’t it?” Lance asked. “The one you told me about earlier?”
“The warning, yeah.” 
Lance heard it in his voice, could tell that whatever was coming up next was something Zidane didn’t want to revisit. Lance swallowed, trying to flip the heaviness in his chest over, make it something lighter.
“Don’t think my skin’s gotten any thicker.” 
Zidane pushed a half-smile onto his face. 
“Just let me know if it gets to be too much, alright?”
Whatever humor Lance had conjured was gone. He nodded, closing his eyes and trying to prepare himself in the space of a standard blink. When his eyes opened, he was in the weapons room again, the room Zidane and Arzo had been in together, but this was a fact Lance could barely register as Zidane was thrown against the wall. He stayed on the floor, on his side, curled inwards slightly. His closed eyes flinched tighter as Arzo took a step forward, words trembling with anger.
“I told you to stay.” 
Another step, another flinch. Arzo crouched down in front of Zidane, and as Lance looked on front a side view, he saw how small Zidane looked. How Arzo was leaning down at an angle, looming like a hawk over its prey. 
Arzo reached down, taking a fistful of Zidane’s hair. Slowly, the crossbreed was forced to sit upright, a bit lower than eye-level. Arzo’s fist tightened, knuckles almost paling.
“Look at me.” 
	The eyes that were clenched in pain slowly began to soften; the brows above them began to spread away from one another, the heavy lines in the skin disappearing as Zidane did as he was told. Dark eyes looked into Arzo’s, the creases of pain still lining the center of the crossbreed’s brows as if he was preparing for whatever came next. 
Arzo leaned closer, voice whispering. 
“You think you know what this is, don’t you?” he said. “You think you know pain, you think you know what it means to suffer.” The ghost of a smile curved his mouth, the whites of his eyes turning pink and glossy. “How foolish the weak are. But oh how eager they are to learn.”
Zidane landed back on the floor as Arzo stood up. Lance found himself near the center of the room again, Arzo walking straight towards him. His eyes were still glossy, blinking rapidly as he pushed both hands through the sides of his hair. When he withdrew his hands, all the hair swept into the tight ponytail moved outwards but didn’t come completely loose. It was wild; unstable. Arzo suddenly turned to the left, grabbing a weapon off the wall like he already knew which one to pick. Like he had been waiting for this. Planning, even. 
A sickeningly bitter taste came into Lance’s mouth, but he kept watching, refusing to take the distraction his body was trying to give him. Arzo turned back to Zidane, the weapon in his hand.
“Get up. This is part of your training.”
Lance looked back to him. What?
Zidane raised his stare, constant pain still evident in his face. Pushing shaking hands off the floor, he stood, stumbling for a moment as the clicking sound of a chain entered the room.
Zidane leaned to the side, the blade grazing the bridge of his nose before shooting into the wall. Blood leaked from the cut, barely forming anything more than a small circle before running footsteps caught Lance’s attention. Arzo closed the distance between them in less than a few strides, yanking the knife out of the wall as he moved. The blade retracted back into his sleeve as Zidane started moving, attempting to sprint around Arzo. One step to the left and a reaching hand was all it took to stop the crossbreed, the Spiro paying no heed to the desperate thrashing. 
Arzo turned, swinging Zidane around and releasing his hold on the crossbreed. Zidane stumbled to the center of the room, nearly falling over before Lance saw Arzo lunge forward again, the pipe in his hand swinging with the arc of his arm. Lance closed his eyes before the blunt object hit Zidane’s head, but upon hearing a quick whoosh of air, opened them again. Zidane had ducked, and as the blade continued its swing, Lance saw the slight dents on the smooth metal surface. So this had been used before… On other children? 
Lance didn’t know. He didn’t even want to watch, but he felt like he had to; like he’d made a promise to Zidane.
His breath clenched in his throat when the makeshift sword suddenly swung, retracing the path it’d just made in a backwards stroke. It hit the corner of Zidane’s forehead, the blow making him stumble to the side. Another hit to the opposite side of the body, to the ribs. For a moment, the blow came to Lance as well; he felt the blunt power against his side, the cracks in the bones of his ribs. He inhaled, silently wincing at the action. When Lance exhaled, the pain was gone.
Another swing caught Lance’s focus. He looked back to Zidane, seeing the crossbreed finish staggering back and narrowly missing a blow to the face. His eyes were glazed, unfocused, and seemed to drift along in no particular path. A sign of a concussion, maybe, but mostly the sight stabbed another realization into Lance. 
The age. Six, barely even. What kind of life is this? Who does this to a kid? 
Lance felt the first sign of tears; a light, simmering pressure behind his nose. The feeling grew, expanding to the back of his eyes as Arzo suddenly pivoted, swinging his foot like a sledgehammer and catching Zidane in the side. He landed on the floor, keeping his head up to avoid another hit. He turned over to one side, hand pushing himself upwards when Arzo’s knee slammed his head back to the floor. Arzo stayed there, down on one knee with his other holding Zidane down. Lance distantly noticed that Arzo’s tail was out, the long limb wildly thrashing about like a lion’s. 
In the next moment, Lance found himself on the opposite side of the room with a clear view of Zidane’s face. His skin was red, blood rushing up from the pressure of Arzo’s knee. Lance felt Zidane’s wounds again, but this time they were different. There was something strange on his bones, where the ribs had cracked. Like there was another layer growing, repairing at a rate that wasn’t normal.
Arzo pressed his knee harder against Zidane’s face. Saliva sputtered out from Zidane’s lips, the pain on his face increasing until his eyes were nearly shut tight. With an eerie calmness, Arzo reached down, pulling Zidane’s lower eyelid downwards. 
“Come on…” His voice, his whole demeanor had changed. He seemed bored now. “Show me something else.” With the bottom skin of his eye visible and small red veins reaching out, Zidane looked towards him. Confusion and helplessness came onto his face, an expression that was erased as Arzo took his hand away and shoved his knee against him again.
 “Like you don’t know what I’m talking about.” A growl was below Arzo’s words, an anger that increased as he continued speaking, words trembling with mirth. “Think about them. The people who took your life away, your family, your hope.” He leaned down as close to Zidane’s face as he could with his knee still as it was. His voice came close to a whisper. “They’re all separate, aren’t they? A freak, a monster like you. You must’ve had hundreds.” 
For the first time, a sound came from Zidane. A slight whimper, but from the way his eyes were closed, the way his face had turned down slightly towards the floor and his hand was half-clenched into a fist, Lance knew the sound wasn’t from Arzo’s weight. Lance felt it in his chest; a burning feeling that was growing, rising up from the depths of somewhere. The feeling was expanding, branching out and moving like fire that possessed a heartbeat. Sweat sliding down his temple brought Lance back to the room. He tried to name the emotion, but realized he had felt nothing like it; the experience was like seeing a brand new color. 
The pipe in Arzo’s hand clattered to the floor. Even before the weapon had stopped rolling, Zidane was reaching for it; straining, fingers almost touching the pipe. Arzo leaned closer to Zidane, grinning in a way that sent chills into Lance
“You want that, don’t you? I can see it in your face. You wanna swing until my bones crack, don’t you? My teeth fall, my blood shows.” He moved closer, voice dropping lower. “Do it.”
“Please!” Zidane yelled. “Let me go!”
“Let you go?” Arzo loomed forward. “Why would I let a freak, an absolute disgrace like you go?” He hunched, upper body dropping as his voice did the same. “You’re nothing but a monster. A waste of air. Lower than dirt.” His knee shoved against Zidane’s head, punctuating his words as Zidane gave a small wince.
Lance swallowed, trying to focus on something else. But he just watched Arzo, tail thrashing about. A click sounded and Lance’s stomach dropped as the knife embedded into something solid—wood. 
The knife was in Arzo’s hand, pulled out of the floor.
Zidane stopped struggling, staying incredibly still given the circumstances. He breathed out, the exhalation shaking out of his lungs.
“Ah, here we go,” Arzo said, lowering the knife to Zidane’s face. Turning the blade, pressing the tip to the base of Zidane’s eye, protruding the ball slightly.
“We have a memory here, don’t we?”
“No...” Lance breathed.
Zidane swallowed, staring at the wall far away from him. Staring at the pipe that had clattered from Arzo’s hand.
The blade shoved an inch into Zidane’s eye, breaking the skin. “Move, or your eye is coming out.”
Zidane reached out, straining for the pipe. His feet moved, sliding against the floor, bringing him inches closer to the makeshift weapon.
His fingertips strained. The blade pressed in further, sinking between bone and eye.
Zidane slid up just enough for his fingers to separately curl and secure the pipe into his hand. What happened next seemed like one motion; Arzo lifted himself off and Zidane swung as he turned onto his side, leading with the hilt of the pipe. The memory slowed, allowing Lance to take in Arzo’s right leg pivoting with the minimal amount of effort in order to dodge the blow arm at his knee. Zidane’s eyes widened, darkness swallowing them even further. Like he was surprised it had missed; like he was surprised that fire inside him was still there.
The memory returned to its normal pace with Arzo’s foot stomping on the spot Zidane’s knee had been just seconds ago. Zidane had moved it just in time, neither him nor Lance having enough time to process what would’ve happened if he hadn’t done anything. A now familiar click cut through the air. Zidane head-slipped the knife, the black anger in his eyes returning as the blade shot back into Arzo’s sleeve. 
“Move.” Before Arzo had even finished growling the command, Zidane was halfway on his feet. He used the end of the pipe to push off and get to his feet faster, immediately turning the weapon and blocking a kick aimed at his upper body. The force was still too much and Zidane rolled backwards. Without pause, he got to his feet again. 
Arzo allowed him to dash forward, sidestepping the swing. Blinded by the anger, Zidane pivoted and swung at him again. Before the attack was even halfway executed, the top of Arzo’s foot rammed against the side of Zidane’s face, whipping it to the side.
“Fo-cus.” The word was stretched out, clicking in a biting end. “Or are you too impaired to know how to do that as well?”
Zidane stopped moving, the question freezing his legs and halting his arms in mid-swing. Lance saw the memory he was thinking of; re-experiencing it as Zidane stared off ahead of himself.
Jykunn’s pitch-black eyes narrowed, strands of incredibly long hair moving off his shoulder and onto his lap as he tilted his head to the side. His stare swept from Zidane’s lower back and up to the crossbreed’s bowed head.
“Are you too impaired to have a tail as well?”
That sting echoed through Lance again, as Zidane swung the pipe, narrowly missing Arzo’s knee. Another swing, retracing the path just taken, a feral yell ripping out.
“Pathetic,” Arzo commented, and something like a smile came as his hand raised. Wrist positioned at Zidane’s head.
The blade shot out, chain speeding as Zidane wrangled free and ducked, missing the knife by mere inches. As the blade was retracted, he swung, the heel of Arzo’s sweeping foot connecting with the back of Zidane’s head.
The crossbreed staggered forward, stopping for only a moment before swinging again. 
This wasn’t training. Lance pushed his hands through his hair, palms pressing hard against his scalp. Whatever this is… It’s not training.
He pushed away the thoughts of how young everyone was, the thoughts of everything that had happened before—pain and tragedy that seemed to be building up like the bricks on some kind of God-awful wall. Lance didn’t know what to focus on, trying to think of something before a memory of Zidane’s voice came to him.
“Trust me when I say my life gets better. I need you to believe that, okay?”
Those words repeated over and over until they were memorized. Lance breathed in, gradually straightening again with his hands burrowing into the pockets of his jeans. He blinked quickly, doing what he could to rid the light sting in his eyes, before his attention was ripped away from himself. 
Arzo let go of Zidane a moment later, and Zidane hit a nearby wall, clattering weapons down with him. The pipe hit the ground, rolling away as he landed stomach-down on his forearms, fists clenched. Lance saw the blood drip from his face, the source of the wounds hidden from his hair. The scarlet red kept spotting his skin like rain, and it wasn’t until a moment later that Lance realized he was shaking. Zidane’s hands opened into claws as they lifted to his head, arms tightly cradling the sides of his face. He was silent, his physical voice gone while his body spoke volumes. The quickening of his breath, the deep inhales that raised his back, outlining the bones of his spine. How his hands had grabbed his hair—not pulling at it but holding, clenching as if that was all he had left. The blood that had been smeared on his wrists and arms from various cuts had tainted the blonde of his hair, and the scarlet red brought Lance’s focus to the only feature of Zidane’s face he could still see. 
Two separate trails of blood traveled along Zidane’s nose. Their paths had changed since he had curled his arms inwards and brought his head down. Now, one path had crossed into the other, the drops joining together before falling off the point of his nose.
Like someone else had taken control of his muscles, Lance looked away from Zidane, stare going to Arzo. The Spiro slid one foot back, still calmly surveying the bloodied child on the floor. He pivoted towards the door, an air of satisfaction following him out. 
 

















Chapter Twelve
Open Arms
	
It wasn’t until Zidane’s body had been replaced by the floor of another room that Lance looked away. He closed his eyes, the memory of a bloodied child hunched on the floor burned into the back of his eyelids. The image was faint, flashing and blinking, like bright lights spotting his vision. Lance waited for the emotions attached to the image to go away, for the feelings, and memories to fade like they had before. But everything remained, and as Lance opened his eyes again, he felt the fatigue weighing his eyelids, his mind, his chest. Everything...
What kind of life is this?
Another image answered this thought. A girl with wind blowing her hair across her face, a small grin that was about to turn to a laugh. The image was just a flash, but it was enough for all that fatigue and doubt to vanish like a powerful, silent explosion. It was enough for that electrifying warmth to explode in his chest and then disperse outwards into hundreds of small, firefly-like currents. In the space of a second, that beautiful feeling coursed through him, renewing, rejuvenating. Lance raised his stare to the opposite side of the main room, ready for the door to open once again.
The regular crowd began to fill up the space between him and the door, normal buzz of indistinguishable chatter accompanying it. Lance ignored all of it, and a moment later the door swung open. Arzo lowered his arm as he stepped through, Zidane not waiting for him to go through, but instead slipping through the space between him and the doorway. Zidane crossed the room with multiple bags slung over his shoulder, and for the first time, no one seemed to notice he was there. But this was a distant realization, a thought that went into Lance’s mind like a faint blip on a radar. All of his attention was captured by Zidane’s appearance. Nearly everything about the crossbreed was different; his clothes had changed from bright colors to something more neutral, his strides had gotten longer, more confident. But most of all, the feature Lance couldn’t look away from once he noticed, was the eyes. 
Night; that’s what the color reminded him of. The deep blue that comes minutes before the sun sets completely. A dark, cold feeling sank into Lance’s stomach the more he stared. Zidane’s eyebrows were set into a constant glare, making his eyes somehow appear even darker. 
The confidence… Those eyes… He was a mirror of Arzo.
Halfway into the room, Zidane turned, drifting towards the side. Lance found himself a few paces away from a side door, a beaten thing with a punctured screen and half of a hinge broken. This hinge didn’t affect how the door stayed open, allowing bright morning light to come in. 
Lance sensed Mungslev before the Spiro had slid off the crate behind the door, a bag of shelled peanuts in his hand. The color of Mungslev’s eyes deepened as Zidane walked towards the doorway. When the crossbreed was within reaching distance, Mungslev took a small step forward, one hand extending.
“Hey.”
The rest was seen in Lance’s mind. He saw how Zidane’s head turned towards him, just enough for those dark eyes to lock onto Mungslev’s. Their color deepened further, sapphire becoming coal-black even in the direct sunlight. The glare worsened, displaying a silent anger that spoke more hatred than words ever could. 
Their eyes locked—Mungslev’s expression, the slight color in his eyes, collapsing while Zidane’s never let up—until Zidane looked back, continuing on through the doorway. 
With a small, shaky inhale, Mungslev stared down at the floor. And then his hand swung, slamming the door shut. The vibration echoed through Lance, but most of all his attention was trained on the door’s top hinge. The slam had broken another bolt, leaving the hinge swinging by one screw.
An odd feeling of disgust filled Lance’s mouth, the sick taste traveling down the front of his throat and pressing against the skin of his Adam’s apple. He closed his eyes, shook his head, tried to swallow it away as he felt the room change around him. But the taste still lingered as he opened his eyes again, a city sidewalk stretched out before him. 
Cars zipped by, the partial blurs of color barely capturing Lance’s attention as he followed the stretch of sidewalk ahead of him, noticing the partial upslope of the road. Arzo and Zidane faded in as Lance’s eyes reached them, and immediately Lance looked at Arzo. The escape was short lived; even just seeing those eyes reminded him of what Zidane had become, and the realization that Zidane was now a different person hit Lance’s gut harder than he had expected. 
Lance’s attention was drawn back to the both of them, his focus pulling together as though it were made up of tiny metal pieces and the sight of them was a magnet. Without breaking his stride, without turning to look, or even glancing in Zidane’s direction, Arzo spoke in a voice loud enough for Lance to hear.
“Get the west side.”
Continuing to keep the same pace, Zidane moved away from Arzo and drifted towards the curb of the sidewalk. As he stepped onto the street and in between two parked cars, Arzo turned into an alley and disappeared from Lance’s sight. It was something Lance caught with a quick look upwards; most of his focus was on watching the top of Zidane’s head pass by the closest car’s rear-view window. In the next moment, he sprinted outwards, bounding across the street without even looking.
Once again, Lance’s muscles tightened; his hands came up to his eyes, fingers hovering over his upper lids like claws as his mind growled out a thought.
God, why don’t you look?
The answer came after a moment.	
“I didn’t think I was worth it.”	
The panic and frustration dropped away, Lance’s hands moving back down to the pockets of his jeans. He watched Zidane make it to the cars parked on the other side, hearing the screech of tires skid as a pickup truck finished weaving to avoid him. Zidane’s sprint became to a brisk stride as he stepped onto the sidewalk, moving towards an alleyway before his feet skittered to a halt.
For a moment, he stood there, staring into the narrow path lit by sunlight. Lance felt the fear, felt that unseen darkness loom around him with the walls closing tight enough to constrict his breathing. 
And then the pressure released; Zidane started up the sidewalk again, walking quickly. His posture was straightened, expression smooth and showing nothing of what had just happened. 
Lance found himself a few steps behind the crossbreed, passerbys giving Zidane minimal glances, if any at all. Lance followed where some of the eyes lingered; reflective tape was wrapped around each of Zidane’s legs, starting just below his knees and disappearing into his shoes. 
“It’s still part of training,” Zidane said before Lance could ask. “Makes me easier to spot, especially in dark places.”
A bitterness twisted Lance’s gut. “Is it part of Arzo’s ‘training’ or the whole organization’s?” he asked, speaking out loud.
“A little of both.” Lance could hear the small smile curving Zidane’s voice. “The reflective part was Arzo’s idea, but the tape is just another way to tell rank. The more the tape’s color blends in with your clothing, the higher your rank in training is. Like for instance, nearly black tape on black pants would signify they’re almost done.” The crossbreed looked down at his legs, continuing to keep the same pace. “There’s other uses for it, too; keeps the pant legs from hitting, helps preventing sagging.”
Lance grinned. “So many Americans would be outraged.”
Zidane laughed, shoulders and arms rising upwards in a shrug. “Ah, well for us it worked. Helped us survive, y’know?”
Nodding, Lance noticed he felt a large sense of relief the more he spoke with Zidane. The current one. He made a mental note to remind himself of that; how the person he was walking behind now wasn’t the same one he was speaking to. 
He looked back down to the tape on Zidane’s legs. “Was this run one of your early ones?” he asked. “As far as training goes?”
“Uhhh…” Zidane looked up towards the sky, eyes shut tight as he thought. His head came back down. “Yeah. This was probably my eighth or ninth one.”
Lance kept quiet, wondering what was significant about this run in particular. As he battled between asking and being patient, the scenery around him changed. He was in the center of a side yard, a small one story home to his left. Zidane was opening a window, pushing it upwards and quickly climbing inside. He threw his legs over the window’s bottom almost as if he were hopping a fence. Lance saw his hands turn, placed behind his back, legs bent outwards in front of him as if he were trying to crab walk. 
In the next moment, Lance was teleported into the home, beside the sink Zidane was balancing on. He hadn’t moved, and from this angle Lance could see how his foot was pivoted sideways and pressed against the back of the sink’s faucet, allowing him enough support to control where he stepped and when. 
Anyone else would’ve just climbed in the window and got right in, Lance thought. But with him, his size makes it so much harder. 
As this realization came to him, Zidane set his other foot—the one balancing in the air—down on the small strip of counter behind the sink. He slowly seated himself, lowering his hands and hovering them in front of his body. The foot against the faucet moved, as he silently placed it close to his other foot. Almost recklessly, he used his knees to push up into a standing position, hands moving outwards to re-balance himself. There was something about all of it that impressed Lance, but the most surprising thing was that he’d been able to do all of it without making any noise at all. 
Walking heel-to-toe, Zidane moved around the sink and to the edge of the counter. He put both hands on the counter’s end and slid off, moving more weight to his hands and controlling the impact of his shoes. They landed on the tile flooring without a sound, and it was this action that brought Lance’s attention to the room. 
This is— The thought never finished as he turned around, taking in the same view that he had only a few memories ago. He was right; this was the same home Zidane had broken into with Mungslev.
The sound of the refrigerator door opening caught Lance’s attention. He watched Zidane pull the door open, his other hand reaching behind himself and moving the hem of his shirt up to a reveal a large square in his back pocket. Zidane withdrew it, bringing the flat square of fabric in front of him. He quickly ripped off the velcro binding and shook one end downwards, popping open a small duffel bag. 
The main pouch was wide open, allowing him to start grabbing the contents of the fridge right away. He pulled open doors, grabbing fruits, vegetables, snatching up nearly everything inside. The duffel bag was lowered onto the floor, and the arm that was once holding the straps became preoccupied with pinning a nearly full pack of juice boxes against his chest. His other hand supported from the bottom, and as he lowered the packet down to the bag, Lance heard the kitchen door open, releasing the laughter and voices of many children.    
The same old man from before seemed to notice Zidane immediately, only slight surprise flashing through his features as the door swung shut. The noise from the other room diminished and left the air silent. The tension never fled, however, and only increased as Zidane continued to hold the old man’s stare. This pause was long enough for Lance to glance at both of them, see the glower that only increased and the passive gaze that eventually looked away. 
The old man moved, lifting his left arm and bringing Lance’s attention to the cane he held. The flat rubber tip silenced the impact as he stepped forward, shuffling further into the kitchen with a steady pace. 
Hitching the duffel bag across his chest, Zidane slid one foot back, watching the man carefully. But the man’s slow movements stopped in front of the stove where a large pot was warming. He took one of the bowls stacked on the counter, and with his other hand took hold of the long plastic handle resting inside.
As he began scooping, the aroma finally came to Lance. It wasn’t strong, just enough for him to recognize the smell of cheese—the kind that can only come from a cheap, powdered packet with macaroni noodles. Like the processed cupcake, it was another childhood staple.
He watched as the ladle poured another large scoop of macaroni, shiny with butter and sauce, the elbow noodles sliding down the top of the small mountain that had formed past the bowl’s height. He watched as Zidane stayed completely still, the crossbreed’s only movement being his eyes shifting from the bowl to the man. The foot that had slid back, the heel he had high in the air for the sake of caution and reflex, moved back further as the man put the ladle down, breaking the oddly meditative silence in the room.
Without losing any hint of kindness, those eyes surrounded by crinkles of the skin turned back to Zidane. One of the man’s knees bent, legs shaking slightly as he fought to balance himself with the cane. An expression of pain touched his eyes, but he continued to bend down, holding the bowl out to Zidane. 
Zidane didn’t move, didn’t close the gap between them. He only moved back, completed the step he had started and taking another smaller one. With a sigh that was deepened with a low hum, the bowl was pulled away and set on the counter. The man held up a finger, signaling for Zidane to wait, and began walking again. He headed towards the middle of the room before his path changed, curving around and creating a wide half-circle; a path that led him around Zidane and to the countertops close by. 
Zidane had drawn his foot away as soon as the man had gotten close, and now he was backing up again, every part of him on guard. His eyes stayed on the man as if they were connected to him by thread, and Lance almost found it fascinating how much he resembled an animal. Wary, uncertain, but with the hostility just below the surface, waiting for the first sign to attack.
At the creak of a cabinet door opening, Lance looked back to the man, surprised as he pulled an unopened bag of cereal off of the shelf. The bag was large; one of those bulk packages that don’t come in boxes. 
“I’ve seen people like you before,” he said in a soft voice, the bag slumping down to the floor as gravity took it. “They never say much, but I don’t think their words have to.” He shifted, facing Zidane, and leaned down, placing the bag on the floor between them. Their eye contact broke as he adjusted the bag, trying to push it closer to Zidane with one hand.
The man stood upright, the motion shaky and forcing him to balance both hands on the cane. As soon as he was standing again, his focus was back on Zidane, watching the crossbreed’s deep eyes trace the plastic seams of the bag. They lifted to meet his, a nasty glare surfacing.
“Unopened,” the man offered. “Brand new. It’ll last you more than a month. I can help carry it to wherever you are, if you’d like.”
Zidane’s anger only worsened, never spreading to anywhere but his eyes. The color blackened, irises nearly hidden by the intensity of his glare. The lines between his eyebrows only deepened as the moments stretched on, the folds of skin looking like cracks in concrete. A sick taste made its way into the back of Lance’s mouth, a disgust at how something so small could hold so much anger.
The man only nodded, a gesture that told Lance he understood, and turned around, heading to a counter behind him. He leaned down, opening the bottom door wide, and when he straightened, the kitchen shelves above him were opened as well. Cans were pulled from this top shelf, stacked on the counter with one hand until the shelf was nearly empty. 
“I have a bag for these,” he said, “but as far as that bag by your feet, I’ll do what I can to carry it.” A warm, gentle laugh came from him. “I admit my age has made me slow, but in times of need I can summon that strength. The spirit of youth is a wondrous thing.”
“Feh.” The word was violently spat from the corner of Zidane’s mouth. The man just looked to him, a closed-mouth smile on his face. His cheeks were pushed upwards, his almond-shaped eyes becoming nearly crescents. Lance felt the ghost of a smile on his own face; the powerful genuine warmth almost making him want to take a step back. 
“Let me get a bag for you.” The man looked away, the smile less but never disappearing as he opened another bottom cabinet, withdrawing a cloth shopping bag. 
Softly jerking the back open and setting it on the counter, he began to set cans into the bag, one-by-one. Zidane began moving, after a few moments, and Lance turned, watching the crossbreed look down to the bag of cereal at his feet. Those deep eyes moved upward, looking to the man before his mouth curled upwards in a quiet sneer. 
Without looking away from the cans, the man softly nodded. “You have every right to refuse everything I’m giving you.” Lance heard the smile in his voice; a very light undertone of happiness in his words. “Out beyond ideas…”
The last can disappeared into the bag, and once more the old man leaned down, retrieving something from the bottom cabinet he had opened before. A backpack stretched full.
“This is filled with water bottles and healthy food. There’s also a roll of toilet paper and few jackets in there; they should be your size, if not just a little too big.”
Lance took a quick look at the bottom cabinet; there was at least ten bags like it. Who was this guy?
When he looked back up, the man had placed the plastic bag into the cloth one, adding it on top of the small collection of cans. With a large amount of effort, he lifted the bag up and set it to the floor, the breath he had been holding in releasing as a quick puff.
“That should be everything you need,” he said, looking around for a moment. He nodded to himself. “Yes, that should be all.” With his attention going back to Zidane, he said, “Please let me know if I could be of more use.”
 A series of sounds left Zidane, the words something Lance didn’t recognize. But they were spoken in hatred, foul and rough sounds made with low open-mouth hisses and utterly foreign words. 
The man’s eyes grew wide, fascination stilling him. He grinned, showing slightly yellowed teeth.
“And finally you speak.”
This only made Zidane angrier; he growled through his teeth, hands balling into fists at his side. The man only gave a low nod, eyes closing as his head lowered. 
He stayed motionless for another second and then with open eyes began moving, walking around the room and keeping as much distance as possible. His attention, however, never went back to Zidane, and Lance felt a heaviness in his gut as he watched the man leave the room through the swinging kitchen door behind them.
Suddenly, Lance was further away from Zidane, standing near the middle of the room. He watched the crossbreed look away from the door behind him, one hand holding the strap of the duffel bag across his chest as he began moving. The first step wasn’t even complete before the memory stopped, everything blurring as if someone had taken a picture and spun too fast with the camera. Zidane’s face was the longest streak; his facial features were gone, leaving only a light-colored comet tail that reached towards the space between the kitchen counters and the upper cabinet shelves. 
Lance heard the crossbreed speak, the sound of his voice coming from a direction Lance couldn’t pin-point.
 “I’m sure at some point he came back to look, to check up and see if I was still there or if I had taken what he wanted me to.” A single stammer broke the flow of his words, and Lance felt the uncertainty, the fear and slight embarrassment in his voice as he continued on. “But when he did come back, everything he put out for me was destroyed. I stabbed the cans open, poured the contents on the floor, tossed all the cereal from the bag onto the tile. There wasn’t a place below my feet I left clean.”
The disgust with his own actions was more than evident towards the end. The words were said in a type of slick hate, and as he continued to speak, his voice grew quieter, the hatred riding beneath.
“All of it was out of spite. I took even more from him than I originally planned.” 
Lance pushed away the sickening feeling holding on to the inside of his throat, sending a thought in reply.
Why? he asked.
At first, silence was all he heard in reply. When Zidane finally spoke again, his voice had become more stoic, the emotion a little withdrawn. Lance recognized the tone well; he was holding back an embarrassing amount of sadness. 
“I was afraid,” Zidane said. “Everything he did, everything he was doing, hit a place in me that I never wanted to feel again. That kindness just reminded me of my mom. It brought up all those memories I was keeping down.”
Lance waited, keeping quiet and listening for him to continue. When he didn’t, Lance found himself speaking into the silence. 
“I don’t know what to say.”
It wasn’t a statement of awkwardness, he realized; it was a condolence. Apologies held so little. Sometimes admitting silence was all you could give.
From a direction Lance couldn’t pinpoint, he sensed Zidane shaking his head. A feeling of hope came for a brief second, and with it, a thought. 
“Trust.”
The blurs of color retracted back, smears becoming shapes again before everything faded all at once. A new scene took its place, though with a little disappointment Lance found this image familiar. He was looking at the kitchen window again; staring down from high above, enough for him to clearly see the grass outside. A plate was on the windowsill, its cheap paper material holding only a sandwich. 
From the other side of the window, Zidane came into view. Another camera angle came into Lance’s mind, one that showed him how Zidane was barely eye-level with the plate, his scowl mostly hidden from the sandwich. Lance’s elevated view came back as Zidane’s eyes finished darkening, the cobalt blue in his stare non-existent except for the slightest of tint. Zidane looked up, silently rising on his toes and quickly scanning the kitchen. The old man stepped into view and Zidane’s shock came in addition to Lance’s own. A glass of orange juice was in the man’s hand, the liquid barely moving as he carefully set it on the windowsill. His eyes never broke away from Zidane’s glare, the kindness never leaving.
“I was beginning to wonder if I’d see you again.”
Leaning over enough to motion to a part of the side-yard with his head, he continued on. “Thank you for leaving all that you have. In my old age, I find myself looking to clean more and more. It seems Spirit is kind in sending me such wonderful physical tasks.”
Zidane stayed staring. The glare on his face never moved as his dark eyes trailed the man’s hand, watching it pass over the meal on the windowsill. 
“These are for you. I figured you could use a handmade meal every now and then. I’m deeply sorry if my kindness has been presented in a way that offends.”
By now, Lance felt the confusion etching into the lines of his face. He quickly relaxed his muscles, massaging his fingertips over the space between his eyebrows and the invisible, diagonal lines that ran from the corners of his mouth to his nose. 
Someone steals from you, apparently over and over… And it’s like a gift? Something about this isn’t right; there’s got to be an underlying motive.
He looked back up, surprise bolting through him when Zidane’s arm sent the meal to the grass below. The man just closed his eyes, head moving in the lightest of nods with a tiny smile hooking one side of his mouth.
“Apparently so.”
Zidane’s head turned, eyes darkening to pure black even as they hit direct sunlight. He spat on the ground, stare never leaving the man’s. 
“I understand.” The man took a step back, holding a hand out towards the kitchen. “What would you like today? I have some hamburger meat that’s about to be expired. But if you would like to fertilize the grass, I have something else that might work better.”
Slight laughter cracked through Lance’s smile, his stare turning to Zidane, seeing his glare etch further as he looked at the man’s extended arm. 
The man dropped his hand, head bowing slightly. “If there is something you need to take, then please by all means take it. I can accommodate the financial loss.” He smiled, looking up to Zidane once again. “I wouldn’t be much of a caretaker if I said no, would I?”
Kazuo. The name was a spark sent from Zidane. An identification of who he was staring at.
The old man’s question hung in silence. After a few moments, Zidane’s stare followed Kazuo as he moved, hobbling over to a nearby counter drawer and sliding it open. After a moment of considering whatever else the drawer had, he picked out a large chocolate bar and slid the drawer closed. 
“I save these for children who are feeling sad,” he said, making his way back over to the window, “And I think there hasn’t been a better time to give one.” He placed the chocolate bar on the windowsill, sliding it towards Zidane. 
Immediately, Lance saw the flash of memory that came to Zidane. The first run he had with Arzo, walking back through a brightly lit alleyway after everything was done. Before Arzo had broken the silence and named him, there were a few moments of peace. The experience of something new and sweet, the indulgence of eating candy for the first time.
A little bit of a childhood.
Zidane looked away, head bowed low as if he was trying to hide the brightness of his eyes. But within moments, his stare had gone back and with a great amount of relief, Lance saw that the medium blue of his eyes was still there.
The man didn’t speak, didn’t press for Zidane to take it like Lance expected him to. Instead, he watched patiently. As the moments ticked on, Zidane looked from the ground to the candy bar, eyes clearly displaying the conflicting thoughts. And then, with eyes a deep ocean blue, he finally looked back to Kazuo. Lance felt the emotion behind those eyes, the impact of so much hurt and loss hitting like a wave. And then, as the tide settled, a brief glimmer of trust.
Zidane stepped back, shaking his head as his eyes grew dark. Again, the man stayed silent, watching Zidane’s stare lift to the chocolate bar, then him. He shook his head again, rougher this time, and stepped back away, head turning to look out into the street.
The man moved; the action mostly a hunch of his back, bringing his head down lower before he spoke, voice hushed.
“Tell me,” he said, meeting Zidane’s eyes once more. “Please. Let me help you.”
The crossbreed pulled in a breath, the sunlight reflecting off his increasingly glossy eyes. Zidane’s lips pressed into a tight line, drawing inwards slightly before he shook his head again, eyes shutting tight. Without wasting another moment, without giving time for his eyes to open fully and look back at the window in front of him, Zidane turned, running in the direction of the street. Lance watched him turn onto the sidewalk and vanish from sight.


Chapter Thirteen
Some Kind of Comfort

A moment after Zidane had turned and disappeared behind the nearest building’s corner, Lance sensed the man fade out of the memory as well. He didn’t turn and look to see; his focus was turning inwards. Moving both hands through his hair, Lance found himself wondering when any of this was going to get better. A snippet of a song came to him; a cliché of how it’s always darkest just before the dawn.
Yeah, he answered, but when’s the dawn gonna show up? It’s like the second hand stopped a minute ‘til sunrise.
Sensing the scene had changed, Lance opened his eyes, hands dropping down and finding warmth in the pockets of his hoodie. He looked at that window again, realizing with a little surprise that he was outside now, standing in the snow-covered side yard. 
Zidane faded in, sitting below the window with plastic bags around him. Despite the snow, despite the temperature, Lance didn’t see any change in Zidane’s clothing aside from a thin jacket. Discomfort wormed its way into Lance’s stomach as he thought of the warmth his own jacket was giving him—or the warmth his mind was perceiving him to have. Either way, Lance found himself wishing he could take his jacket off and put it over Zidane’s shoulders. 
But even then… It wouldn’t change anything.
He looked up at the sound of pans rustling. Lance stepped forward, trying to see into the window and find the source of the noise. Zidane stood up, turning around and peering into the window. Lance suddenly stood behind him, the view of the kitchen capturing his focus. 
More people were in the room this time. A woman in her late twenties was opening the oven and drawing out cookies. Aside from the smile on her face, she seemed oblivious to the two younger adults flicking bits of dough at each other on the opposite side of the kitchen. 
A man moved in front of the window, the glass muting his words. He was happy about whatever he was saying; the grin on his face told Lance that much. Taking her oven mitts off, Lance saw the older woman at the oven give a reply. Both of their laughter reached through the window in muffled sound.
The man turned his attention fully to the sink, beginning to run the faucet and soap up his hands when his stare stopped on Zidane. He looked alarmed, frightened even, but the emotions quickly melded into words of action.
He turned, calling over his shoulder. These words were ones Lance could hear. “Hey, someone get Kazuo; we got a kid outside.”
“What?” the woman’s voice was quieter than his as she hurried over, wiping her hands with a towel. 
Her fingers rose to her mouth in a silent gasp and when she spoke, Lance was surprised her voice reached through the window so clearly. “That’s not one of ours.”
	One of the younger adults, who Lance now realized had left earlier to fetch the old man, came running into the kitchen.
	“He’s comin’,” the man said, seeming out of breath. “He asked that Amit go outside and try to get him, but—wait, does the kid have blonde hair?”
	The older man glanced back. “Yeah.”
	“Then he said to take caution in approaching him.”
	The man at the sink—Amit—nodded in return, taking the towel the woman handed him as he passed by. Wiping the soap from his hands and tossing the towel into the waiting hands of the younger man, Amit opened the kitchen door only to take an immediate step back.
	He moved back further, holding the door open. The old man from before entered, seeming more reliant on his cane than ever. He hobbled into the kitchen, Amit’s hand hovering close to his shoulder. Lance saw a smile on the man’s face, watched as he turned to the younger man.
	“You know it’s just the weather wearing me down,” he said, seeming to be repeating an inside joke. “I’m not that old yet.”
	Amit just smiled, the slight crinkle in his eyes dropping away as he looked back to the window. 
“I’ll go get the kid,” he said, disappearing through the kitchen door.
Lance’s attention turned back towards the old man, figuring this was Kazuo. Even though only a few months had passed at the most, Kazuo’s body had gotten worse. With small movements that greatly depended on his cane, he moved further into the kitchen, the other three shuffling behind him. It was here where the kitchen’s silence was broken by voices.
“Jared said you alluded to kid being dangerous?”
“Kinda looks like it...”
“Jared.” Kazuo’s voice was short, a polite reminder. To the first question, the one spoken by the older woman, he answered as they finished their walk to the window. Zidane moved downwards, almost as if wanting to hide. Lance felt the caution spike into him.
“He’s not dangerous. Just hurting.”
“From what?”
Lance looked down at Zidane again as the seconds stretched on between her question and Kazuo’s answer. There was a looming pressure in Lance’s heart; a secondhand knowing of what that pain was.
“An amount of pain too harsh for someone so young.”
Footsteps pressed into the snow and Lance looked to his left. Amit stopped walking, gloved hands cupped to his mouth for warmth. 
“Don’t have all day to stand out here, kid,” he said more to himself. Rubbing his hands together, he looked back towards Zidane. His hand went into the pocket of his coat, drawing out something too thin for Lance to see. A bright red dot appeared on the snow a few feet away. Amit gave a quick whistle, moving the dot further away. “C’mon…”
When Zidane didn’t move, Lance looked up to see Amit shrugging, returning the laser pointer to his pocket. “Ah, it was worth a shot, I guess.”
From the corner of his eye, Lance noticed Kazuo becoming irritated for the first time. The annoyance was soft; only a light meeting of his eyebrows. His expression was paired with a laugh from the younger adult, Jared. 
“Aw, come on. He needs to stop playing with that. The kid could be going into hypothermia by now.”
Amit was moving forward now, crouched down low with his arms extended outwards. It looked like both an awkward and uncomfortable position to be in, especially when Zidane took a step back and Amit’s steps slowed to a crawl, eventually stopping completely. 
He remained almost three arm’s lengths away; he didn’t speak and Zidane didn’t move. Lance looked back to the window, glancing long enough to see the sadness touching Kazuo’s expression. A hint of desperation, even?
When he took his attention away and brought it back to the scene in front of him, it was Zidane’s turn to look into the window. He met Kazuo’s eyes while standing on the balls of his feet. The old man held his stare, those deep eyes reflecting a wisdom that pulled Lance into a strange peaceful state. A feeling that went into his chest, emptying it while making it comfortably whole at the exact same time. A paradox, a beautiful mix of confliction.
The feeling swept away with an involuntary breath outward. Lance watched Zidane’s focus drop down to the bags around him. He placed the duffel’s strap across his chest and against his shoulder, reaching down to pick up the plastic bags. Lance saw the redness on his fingers, the flecks of skin peeling from the cold. The crossbreed rose on his feet and then bent his knees as he brought himself down, an odd motion Lance didn’t have enough time to question. Zidane took off faster than he expected, starting down the sidewalk nearby, small clumps of snow dropping to the ground below.
Why even go? Lance asked after his departure. Why did you stay there just to run again?
“I needed to know they wanted me there.”
Lance stayed quiet, wondering if Zidane ended up with these people, found a home here. And even if he did, how could he get away from Arzo? A rough, deep chill invaded his blood as he thought of the beating.
What would he do… How much worse would it be if he found out?
It was a question Lance was disgusted to think, but what repulsed him more was the fact that he couldn’t bring himself to imagine what Zidane would look like after. Maybe he didn’t need to; maybe it was inevitable.
If that fuckin’ whack job beats you again… Don’t show me.
A long pause answered him, and then Zidane answered using both voices. The younger one was louder, diminishing his current to almost a murmur.
“Alright.” A pause, and then the voices spoke together again. “I think the reason I really went back that day was because it was… nice. The first memory I’d had in a while where I felt… something besides all that anger. It was like I had been underwater, drowning, for years and just experiencing that let me breathe again, even if the inhale was slight. 
Lance nodded. But you had only been with Arzo for a few months, right?
“No. A little under two years, actually. I was almost eight when this happened.”
Shocked, Lance replied before he could filter himself. But you still look so young. Really tiny.
Zidane shrugged, a nonchalant smile on his face. “Yeah,” he stretched out. “Another deformity for you.”
Another? Lance asked, but his question was never answered as the scene changed again.
When Zidane spoke next, his current voice came to Lance. An image appeared in his mind’s eye; Zidane standing, one hand in his pocket and the other softly gripping the back of his neck, focus downwards in thought. A position he would take at his current age.
“This next part happened I think a few days later… Yeah, about three to four days.” A sarcastic smile pushed its way onto his face, head rising to the sky while his hand fell away. “Don’t have to do much imagining on this one.”
It’s a pretty vivid memory? Lance asked.
Zidane nodded. The image of him vanished, and once more Lance was inside the kitchen. Like most times before, the room was empty. A heavy, almost painful weight pressed against his gut. It was the last time he would see this kitchen; he could feel it.
Zidane was inside already. A cut was on his cheekbone, the wound beginning to scab and a line of dried blood running beneath it. He stayed standing, staring at the walls, the refrigerator, seeming to be taking in everything with little interest.
The kitchen door swung open. Kazuo hobbled in, noticing Zidane almost immediately. The old man smiled.
“Eight,” he began. “This marks our eighth encounter. I thought about you much over the holidays. I hope you were able to find warmth in such cold conditions.”
He stopped walking, considering Zidane with those kind, concerned eyes. Kazuo didn’t say anything for a long moment, and finally he spoke in a quiet voice that carried through the room. 
“What would you like?”
Like every time before, Zidane didn’t answer. He stayed silent, standing there and continuing to study Kazuo with a glare still lightly etching his face. Kazuo nodded, seeming to understand the response perfectly, and began walking towards the refrigerator. Zidane stepped back, moving on silent feet. Lance saw Kazuo give a smile of appreciation, something Zidane never returned, and a moment later the fridge door was pulled open. 
Bending down, Kazuo reached inside to retrieve a half-gallon of milk. He didn’t close the door as he stepped away to stand in front of the stove, instead glancing back with a smile to see Zidane take small, cautious steps forward—enough to see past the open door and watch what Kazuo was doing. 
The old man turned back, and Lance sensed that the smile was still there as he retrieved a cup from the overhead cabinet. The cup was set down, the milk poured in, and nearly a minute later the microwave was done heating it. The preparation brought Zidane a little closer Kazuo; the beeping emitting from the press of buttons scared him, as Lance expected, but a cautioned interest overtook the crossbreed when nothing but a glowing light and constant hum became of the strange box. He had taken a few steps forward, leaning out with a little less caution and a little more curiosity. Beeping pierced through the microwave’s hum and that interest yanked itself back. Shock overtook it, reversing Zidane’s progress both emotionally and from a distance. 
Now even farther away than before, Zidane didn’t take his eyes off the machine as Kazuo opened the microwave door and took the mug out by the handle. He set it back on the counter and with his other hand withdrew a slim white package from a long narrow box. Watching the packet rip open and the powder pour in, Lance realized exactly what he was making. 
A light smile came to him as he looked back to Zidane, the crossbreed’s guard seem to be rising even higher as Kazuo finished stirring. The spoon tapped on the cup’s rim twice before it was set on the counter. With the mug in both hands, Kazuo turned back. He was still smiling, that quiet expression still there as Zidane grew suspicious, eyes tracking the man as he bent down and held the cup out in offering. 
Zidane didn’t step back like Lance expected him to. He only moved his eyes, shifting them from the cup to Kazuo’s face and then back again. His glare worsened, hiding the brightness in his eyes and returning them to a deeper color. Kazuo’s smile casually fell, the corners of his mouth bending down so slightly. He moved his head towards the window, motioning to it as he spoke.
“Why did you come then?”
Zidane looked to where he motioned, twisting enough to stare at the window behind him. Lance sensed the blue in his eyes become night-like again, and the pain echoed against Lance’s gut. For single moment, Lance also wanted to know why. Making a statement and taking your anger out on something was one thing, but Zidane had yet to break anything Kazuo had offered. He was standing here like he was waiting for something. 
A sigh pushed against Kazuo’s closed mouth as he stood up, hot chocolate still in his hand. His attention went to staring into the cup, and then Lance felt a shift inside Zidane. A brief electric spark in darkness, something that surprised him enough to look back just as Kazuo did. A lighter blue had touched Zidane’s eyes as he continued staring at the cup. 
After a few moments that seemed so brief, his stare rose, looking into Kazuo’s eyes. The malice was nearly gone from his expression, the deep lines folded in between his eyebrows present but his face was almost completely relaxed. He almost looked his age.
He didn’t move away as Kazuo started forward, the sound of his light footsteps seeming loud against the silence. Half an arm’s length away, he stopped. Carefully—much more careful than anything he’d done before—he extended the mug, lowering it in a way so the cocoa wouldn’t spill. When the cup was within comfortable reach, Zidane didn’t move to accept it. He only stared, and Lance could feel the tension in his arms, his shoulders, as though they were thin blades that dug into his muscles. 
The crossbreed’s eyes blackened when he reached out, cupping with one hand on the bottom and another on the side. Kazuo’s fingers released the cup one by one, gently guiding the cup into Zidane’s hold.  Zidane brought it close to him, looking down at the wisps of steam rising to his face. Lance couldn’t name the feeling, but he knew something inside Zidane had changed. Like someone taking a pike and a hammer against a concrete sphere, a crack had been made. A breach had been formed. 
As time stretched on, Lance saw the blue in Zidane’s eyes appear again. The dark ocean color rose once more, and the tension Lance had been holding released in a quiet breath. He nearly felt ashamed to be relieved; of course Zidane was changing. He had to; something had to make him be the person he was now.
Pressure came against the inside of his chest at the thought, almost like something was trying to reject the idea. The person that had changed him, truly deeply changed him, wasn’t Kazuo.
Zidane looked up, eyes a few shades deeper than medium blue. He instantly looked to Kazuo and a different kind of sincerity touched the old man’s expression. Something that moved pride together with gratitude. 
Right at the moment Lance put a name to the emotions, Zidane stepped back with a quiet gasp. The fear in his eyes was clear, and the start of tears forming along his lower eyelid only made the sight unbearable—frustrating, even. Zidane’s breath quickened to hyperventilation and he continued to quickly step back as his hands released the mug. The cup dropped. Shards of glass exploded against the floor, hot chocolate bursting out and splattering the tile. The glass pieces stopped sliding, some zooming past Lance and ending a few inches away from the wall behind him. 
Zidane finished climbing up the counter, stepping into the sink and diving out the window. Lance was outside as he rolled onto the snow, the momentum allowing him to immediately stand upright again. He stayed still, the breath from his nose and mouth visible in the air. His eyes shut and his mouth closed, leaving only his nose to pump the air like smoke from a dragon. 
“Long run for someone with no bags.”
Arzo’s voice. Lance felt his stomach drop; he looked below the window. Zidane’s bags sat on the ground a few feet away. 
“I was scoping,” Zidane replied. The demeanor had switched; the glare already set firm.
“Oh, really?” Arzo’s footsteps crunched the snow, though Lance refused to look at him. He kept his head turned away, listening as Arzo continued. 
“Looking around a place you’ve already been five, six times?”
Surprised, Lance and Zidane both looked to him. Arzo’s expression remained stoic, dark eyes contrasting the white snow in his hair. The jacket he wore was thick and seemingly comfortable, and it was this observation that sparked a new type of anger in Lance. Zidane turned away, walking back to the bags. He slung the duffel bag over himself, picked up the other bags. “They did some changes. I wanted to make sure I knew where I was going next time.”
Lance didn’t exactly see Arzo’s anger increasing; he felt that immeasurable amount of darkness loom over the Spiro as if a large shadow had rose out from behind his feet and waited above him like a hawk, like an umbrella. Arzo didn’t move, allowing Lance a few more moments of seeing those jet-black eyes against the white of his surroundings. 
It’s not normal to have that much hate, Lance thought. It’s fucking inhuman. 
A fleeting thought came to him; none of it was normal even for Spiro standards, and those eyes were just the surface.
His stomach dropped as Arzo stepped forward. Zidane immediately slowed to a stop. He was still a good distance away—far enough where the Spiro would have to lunge forward in order to grab him. But Arzo didn’t move; he stayed put, eyes locking with Zidane’s. 
“Zidane…” His voice was soft as his eyes lightened just slightly, concern touching his face. “What were you doing in there?”
The change stunned Zidane as much as it did Lance; the crossbreed didn’t reply, and as Lance found himself in the middle of the side yard with a clear view of them both, he could see Zidane’s mind was somewhere else entirely. His stare was still on Arzo, but his focus was captured by shock—perhaps also overwhelmed by everything that had happened in the last few minutes, and how it seemed to be repeating again. 
He didn’t notice as Arzo moved forward, closing the distance between them and crouching down until he was nearly eye-level with Zidane. 
“Zidane,” he said again, the light in his eyes still there. A hand rose; pad of his thumb touching Zidane’s cheekbone and gliding along his skin in a stroking motion. “You can tell me.”
Zidane’s eyes shifted, focusing on Arzo’s lighter ones. A smile came to Arzo’s face, a light curve of his lips. A touch of blue moved into Zidane’s eyes.
“I like him.” Zidane spoke in a whisper, more spots of blue fading into his eyes. “I like how he treats me. I like how it’s nice…And warm there…”
Arzo’s eyes closed, head bowing in a nod that never came back up. The hand touching Zidane’s face slid back, his fingers gently but tightly clenching his ear. Lance felt the nails burrowing into the back of his own; sharp curves that stung horribly as they dug and added to the pain of Arzo’s hand moving downwards, creating a strain between the skin of the ear and head. Like he was slowly trying to separate them. 
The pain let up for Lance, enough for him to look up and see Zidane’s face, for him to watch Arzo lean forward, words ripping through clenched teeth. 
“Nothing can possibly disgust me more—” He stood up, bringing the crossbreed with him. His arm rose, raising Zidane by his ear until they were once again nearly eye to eye. Zidane’s mouth opened, but only a breath cracked from his lungs, wide eyes stunned. Arzo leaned closer, anger trembling in his voice—choppy waves on a smooth current.
 “How dare you.” His fist uncurled and he held the point of Zidane’s mutated ear with two fingers. Zidane dropped a few inches downwards from the shift, the impact creating even more pain on his reddening face. 
“How dare you.” It was repeated through clenched teeth. “This is an insult to both races, and one of the deepest to mine. The fact you’ve mixed everything together. The worst, most disgusting two things on the planet. You’re even more of a monster than I thought.”
His hand released, dropping Zidane and allowing his knee to connect with the crossbreed’s side. As the impact hit, Lance’s eyes shut, mind screaming at Zidane to remember what he told him.
His eyes opened. The tension, all those horrible snarls in his stomach fled. The snow was still, the air silent. But there was an energy that seemed to scream in pain. Lance’s gaze traveled, moving along the spots of blood. A path that led him to Zidane, lying face-down. He was motionless. But then movement, a slight rise of his back. Breathing. Slow breathing, but still alive.
Sensing an energy leading him, Lance followed a particularly large path, surprised to find Arzo’s knife at the end of it. The chain had broken off, bits of metal scattered around. With his breath a little more ragged than before, Arzo bent down, picking the knife up with a handful of reddish snow. The broken chain hanging from his sleeve dragged against the ground, the end of it swinging in the air as Arzo stood upright again. 
The sound of a door opening brought Lance’s focus away. He sensed Arzo look towards the front of Kazuo’s building as well, and as footsteps moved down a set of stairs, the Spiro hesitated. Then he turned back, attention glossing by Zidane as he walked past. 
“Consider it a parting gift to a treacherous waste of air.”
Darkness set into Lance’s vision, dimming it and then brightening it again. The blackness slowly pulsed in and out, allowing him the sight of figures rushing towards Zidane’s body, being careful of the wounds that Lance’s own mind refused to see as they turned him over. Zidane was picked up and the dimness fell over Lance’s sight again.
As they moved back towards the front of the house, as they opened the front doors, blackness set in completely. There was no feeling with it. Just darkness… And as a deep red faded in, some kind of comfort came as well.

Chapter Fourteen
Her

From his position against the wall, Lance looked around the small room in front of him. The coloring was strange; he didn’t expect the walls of a library to be red. Compared to everything else he’d seen in this home, there was something about the color that seemed… Dark. 
“Kazuo mentioned it to me one time,” Zidane said, and Lance turned to look beside himself. The crossbreed didn’t meet his eyes, instead keeping his focus across the room where Lance had been staring a moment ago. “He was telling me about contrasts with colors, which led into contrasts with energies. He said this room was a constant reminder for him. How there can be darkness all around you, and it’s your choice on whether or not to let it in.”
Lance looked back, not saying anything for a long time. And then his own voice drifted from him.
“That’s pretty deep…”
“I’ve always liked it,” Zidane replied quietly, focus dropping down to the book in his lap. “It’s something that’s stuck with me for a while.”
Lance nodded. He glanced at Zidane again, noticing at the wounds on his face. When he had first come into the room, Lance knew they would be there and chose to stare at his surroundings instead. But now he felt compelled to look at what Arzo had done—he felt responsible, even. What caught his focus the most was Zidane’s nose. A heavy bruise surrounded most of the bridge, a blue that was blotched with darker shades. He immediately thought of the medical reason for it—like perhaps there wasn’t enough oxygen—but the thought of how Zidane was two different species crossed his mind. He decided to not question the wounds, reasoning they healed in ways different than what he was used to.
Hopefully I don’t get another chance to ask, he thought, quickly scanning the healing cuts and bruises above Zidane’s eyebrow, the side of his cheek. Hopefully this is the last time.
“So you stayed here?” he asked aloud, turning back to the front of the library.
Zidane nodded, turning a page. “Yeah, for a few months. I picked up on English fairly quickly, or at least understood enough to sound like I wasn’t foreign.”
The question of what happened after came to Lance, but the thought of Arzo overshadowed it. Perhaps this was a loud enough thought, or the timing was just coincidence, but Zidane answered him without missing a beat.
“And really when I say I ‘stayed here’, it’s a pretty loose term. I still had to thieve, so I left pretty frequently. In the beginning, Kazuo didn’t understand why I needed to leave because of the language barrier between us, but he saw the frustration in my face so he let me out whenever Arzo showed up.”
“He came by?”
“Once or twice; showed up at the window over there to let me know I was needed. Then, when he knew I was leaving, he left. And that was the extent of our interaction.” 
“So you couldn’t get out of it,” Lance said.
Zidane gave a smile, one that seemed sarcastic. “That’s one debt I can’t repay.” Sensing Lance’s confusion before it reached his face, the crossbreed looked at him and shrugged. “Life debt kind of thing. Whether you want to put in the other facts of our relationship or not, Arzo saved my life. And once you’re commissioned in, you can’t get out. They’ll still find some use for you.”
Lance paused, thinking. “So why’d they still keep you, if what you did was such a big betrayal?”
“The same reason they took me in the first place,” Zidane replied. “I was Spiro, they couldn’t leave behind a member of their own kind. And they figured once my Razalek side kicked in—if it ever did—that power would be a massive asset to their cause.”
Something inside Lance shrunk away from asking what exactly that ‘cause’ was. Humans, his intuition told him. Something to do with humans.
“What happened a few months later?” he asked 
Kazuo came up to Zidane, a steaming mug in one hand. He bent down, holding the mug out. Zidane took it after a hesitation, and as he brought the mug down with both hands, the eyes that had grown darker lifted to meet Kazuo’s. The emotion behind them wasn’t hatred; it was caution. Fear. 
Distrust, Lance realized. It’s hard for him to trust, after what happened.
Kazuo smiled with mostly his eyes and then stood up. He looked down at Zidane’s book, glancing around at the two piles flanking his sides, the one on the left much shorter than the right. Lance scanned the titles he could read from his position. Advanced French. Intermediate German. Mathematical Theory. Advanced Physics.
A scoff shot through Lance’s teeth. Barely fluent in English, my ass.
From the corner of his eye, he saw Zidane’s mouth curve upwards in a grin. Their attention went back to Kazuo as he looked away from the books, meeting Zidane’s eyes with concern.
“Is there anything I could get for you?”
 Zidane looked down, focus turning back to his book as if he hadn’t heard the question. Kazuo nodded and turned away, hobbling to the table across the room, where sheets of paper were organized along with a calculator. He sat down, unfolding a pair of glasses and putting them on. Squinting, Kazuo resumed what he was doing before; taking turns writing with one hand and imputing numbers on a calculator with the other. 
Lance turned, about to ask about Kazuo and what exactly this place was when Zidane spoke.
“Sorry; I didn’t mean to avoid your question before,” he said. “I spent almost four months learning, trying to get fluent in English”—they briefly exchanged grins at this— “and then…” Zidane put his head back, looking at the ceiling as if trying to search for the right words. Fingers tapped along the mug they were wrapped around, a pattern that had no rhythm. 
A smile came to Zidane as he looked down to the mug, hands stopping. “I met the person that made all of this worthwhile.” 
 Lance looked to him, unable to ask how any of this could’ve actually been worth anything good. He watched as Zidane’s eyes grew even brighter, that smile never leaving his face. “You remember that photo I showed you?” he asked. “The one with the girl?”
Lance remembered. The strange bolt of warmth lightly shocked his chest at the realization, at the memory of seeing the girl with wind-blown hair and a smile on her face. 
“You were in that picture, too,” he said, pushing away the emotions and trying to piece together where this conversation was going.
Zidane grinned even more. “We’re getting too far ahead,” he said, sitting a little bit taller, the color of his eyes fading to a light sky blue. “Her name’s Zooka.” His voice was soft, the introduction moving through the air like velvet. 
Lance raised an eyebrow, chin falling into a hand. “Interesting name.” 
“Now you comment,” Zidane mumbled, taking a sip from the mug.
Lance turned with a grin, meeting Zidane’s smiling eyes. He laughed slightly and looked away, shaking his head as he brought his attention back. “Well, I mean if she was Spiro or whatever then I wouldn’t be surprised,” Lance said, “but being human would be a little weird.”
“Guess it’s time for you to be weirded out, then,” Zidane said kindly, raising both eyebrows as he lowered his mug back down.
“What… How…” A grin curved Lance’s mouth as he asked, “Who would name their kid that?”
Zidane shook his head. “It’s a long story, but I don’t think it’ll take me too long to tell it.” He put his mug on one of the books, wiped his hands on his pants once, and spun to face Lance. He motioned with a hand, circling it towards the floor. “I know I haven’t shown much of this place yet, but it’s an orphanage. Kazuo started it decades ago, and the people you saw before in the kitchen help out. About a month before I was taken in by Kazuo, Zooka came here. A big storm had hit, so when she showed up at the front door, she was completely soaked from the rain. Kazuo brought her in, warmed her up like he did with me.” The mug was now in his hand, and he raised it in a light toast before continuing on. “But the strange thing was that she didn’t speak. She didn’t know where her parents were or who they were, couldn’t tell anyone where she lived. The only source of identification was a bracelet on her wrist.”
Zidane extended a close fist, dropping a delicate chain into Lance’s hand. The pendant—one shaped like the keys of a piano—was heavily rusted. He could tell that at one point, there was writing engraved into the metal rectangle, but the majority of the letters had been submerged by rust. Through bits and pieces of what hadn’t been destroyed, he could make out letters, some more complete than others. Z O O K A. Below them, a date. April 5. Besides that, the faintest impression of a one and two nines could be felt. Part of a birth year, probably.
 Or part of an address, Lance thought. Zip code. 
“Kazuo contacted Missing Children facilities, describing her and the pendant she was wearing. When nobody tried to claim her as theirs, he started calling her Zooka and eventually she started responding to it.”
“DNA test wasn’t an option?” Lance asked, handing him back the bracelet.
“It’s something she’s never wanted to do,” Zidane replied with a shake of his head. A tiny smile crossed his lips as he added, “Maybe after seeing everything that’s gone on with my birth family, she’s worried about finding out.” A moment later, after keeping his head down and flicking something invisible off the pad of his thumb, he continued. “Maybe that’s the thing about family, though. Maybe it’s something you choose.”
Lance stayed quiet, unsure of what to say. The silence grew heavier, though, and the thoughts about Zooka he’d pushed away tried to resurface again. 
“So you met her?” Lance said.
Zidane seemed to snap out of his own thoughts, head rising up again while nodding. “Yeah, sorry. I met her a few days after her eighth birthday. Before then, she hadn’t talked at all. Hadn’t said a word. Until I showed up.” A grin spread across his face as he said these last words, eyes brightening as he stared down at something invisible. With a little bit of surprise, Lance realized that they were beginning a whole other phase of his life. Something newer, happier. He couldn’t help but feel relieved. 
Zidane shrugged to himself, looking at something Lance couldn’t see; looking at the window. “I know my life hasn’t been all daises and roses… but if it meant Zoo would still be a part of it… I’d do everything all over again. For as long as I had to.”
An odd feeling accompanied Lance as he heard those words. It was a concept he couldn’t grasp, couldn’t draw experience from. There had been people, interests in his life before, sure, but—
He shoved the memories, the faces away, denying to remember any of it. He buried the pain again and brought his attention back. Zidane flipped another page of the book in his lap. For some reason, the sound was comforting. It was something real. Something concrete. 
Lance spoke without thinking, the words falling out quietly. 
“I’m glad you have that in your life.” 
A stillness hung between them; tensionless silence. 
“I’m glad, too.” 
____________________
For all the times Lance had seen the orphanage’s outside, he never expected it to have such a big room. No walls protruded out and created sections; the only furniture was a colorful, short dining set that was currently occupied by a group of four-year-olds. A particularly fast kid caught his attention, and he turned with the boy, noting the grin on his face was absent of more than a few teeth. A woman—presumably one of the caregivers—stepped into his path, stopping him with both hands on his shoulders. Lance watched her mouth move, listening to words that were indistinguishable over the room’s noise, while the kid continued to rapidly bounce on the balls of his feet. Losing interest, Lance spun around in search of Zidane. He spotted the crossbreed behind him, standing by the hallway’s entrance. Without any thought as to why, Lance found his attention going to parts of Zidane’s hair, realizing that these parts were a little shorter than the rest. 
“Kazuo tried to cut it. I didn’t let him.”
Well, yeah, Lance returned in a thought. I wouldn’t either. The guy’s been bald for years. He probably doesn’t know how to.
A grin broke out on Zidane’s face, erasing the stoic expression. He looked to Lance, the darkness in his eyes gone.
“Will you shut up? I’m trying to speed things up here.”
Still smiling, Lance shrugged the reply off and looked away. Just saying.
Kazuo caught his eye. The caregiver was staring at Zidane from the other side of the room, a quiet apprehension about him. He met Zidane’s stare and without breaking it, motioned with his head, urging him to step further into the room. 
Zidane looked back, staring out into the playroom with more uncertainty and fear than Lance would’ve ever guessed. But then again, this wasn’t a normal situation. To Zidane, every single living thing in this room was an entirely different species. One that he knew very little about, save for what he could gather from their textbooks and years of observing them through the eyes of a criminal.
Naturally, nervousness wrapped around Lance’s gut, clenching it. Zidane stepped into the room, then took another. He looked around, eyes scanning the children playing with toys on the floor before snapping up to a bit past head-level. The same kid who’d been running around before darted past him; Zidane stepped back, missing a collision and watching as he sped past, the caregiver chasing after him. 
Zidane’s eyes moved as if suddenly spotting something across the room. For the first time, his eyes brightened to an ice blue. Lance turned around, seeing two girls sitting across the room. One of them stared back at Zidane and, instantly, Lance felt that same bolt of energy. It lasted for only a moment, but in that single space of time, he knew this girl was Zooka. He knew it was her without hearing any explanation from Zidane, without speculating on it or trying to get his brain to work well enough to form thoughts. There was something in the power of that shock, a heavy bolt with a magnitude that was fading, that told Lance he would have known it was her without Zidane telling him before. He would’ve known how significant she was.
 He didn’t notice the other girl she sat with, barely registering how she leaned forward, pushing on Zooka’s arm.
“Why don’t you ever talk?”
She moved, short finger prodding the upper portion of Zooka’s arm. Those big green eyes finally broke away, looking to the girl who had called her attention.
“Why don’t you ever talk?”
Zooka’s stare dropped downwards, picking up a raggedy doll from the selection of toys in front of her. She started tending to the red hair with her hand, combing through the thick strings of yarn again and again despite there being no tangles. Something told Lance she had done that hundreds of times. 
The girl in front of her sulked, crossing her arms and huffing loudly. Her short, light blonde hair bounced a little at this motion, but really Lance was staring at the red scab on her chin directly below her mouth. Already he knew this girl was going to be a nuisance. 
“If you don’t talk, I don’t play!” 
Zooka didn’t seem to mind the protest. She kept her attention downwards, still tending to the doll’s hair. Her thumb and forefinger wrapped around the thick strings of yarn, acting as a temporary hairband. She didn’t look around for something more permanent, the action being more of an observation, a fact that she could indeed hold the doll’s hair like that. Her hands released, and she began combing through the doll’s hair once more. 
The blonde hair girl leaned forward. “Hey!” She reached out, shaking Zooka’s arm. “Hey, listen to me!”
Zooka looked up, raising her eyes without lifting her head much. Her hand stopped combing. The girl’s frown shook, her lower lip protruding out more as her expression began to crumble, a new emotion taking its place.
“Why won’t you listen to me? Why won’t you?”
Her hold on Zooka’s forearm tightened; instantly Zooka looked down, alarmed as she quickly pulled away. Her arm was released, the speed sending her off-balance and backwards. Her hand dropped the doll, reaching behind to catch herself with a hand flat to the floor. Her stare, however, never left the girl, who was now reduced to a curled ball that shook with sobs. 
A caregiver rushed over; another woman, different from the one that had been chasing the boy. She was crouched down beside the girl, one hand on her back and another on her shoulder. She looked to Zooka. 
“What happened? Is she okay?”
 Zooka offered her a glance before looking back to the girl. Lance realized it wasn’t just panic she was feeling. It was fear. It was a deeply rooted fear—and she was confused on how to deal with it. 
Poor thing. The thought passed through his head without question, pity and sadness fueling it as he looked back to the other girl, watching her stand with the caregiver’s help and be led away with promises of hot chocolate and a movie later on. They passed by Zidane, who barely gave them a glance before looking back to Zooka. She was still alarmed, still staring in the same spot the girl had been as if she’d never gotten up and left. As if he had somehow just gotten her attention, she looked to Zidane.
He looked back, eyes brightening a little more. As if nothing was out of the ordinary, Zooka grinned, her smile one of the happiest Lance had seen. 
“Let’s play, Mr. Snuffalup!” she exclaimed, holding out her doll for him to see. 
With eyes a little darker, Zidane looked to her, then the toy. He slid one foot behind himself, ready to step away. Lance didn’t blame him for the caution. 
He looked towards the wall Kazuo stood at, seeing the caregiver looking at Zooka with one hand over his mouth and a large smile crinkling his eyes. Most of the adults in the room had similar expressions. 
The confusion Zidane had been feeling finally reached his face as he stared at Kazuo. 
“First time she ever spoke,” Zidane said, speaking into Lance’s mind. 
“Mr. Snuffa…” Zooka held the doll to her chest, mouth lowered against its head and muffling her stretched out whine of “Let’s play…”
Zidane looked at Kazuo again. The caregiver only glanced to the girl, eyes holding for a moment in a silent urge to follow through with her request. Zidane turned back, eyes turning brighter once again as he focused on Zooka. Slow steps brought him towards her, and as he sat down with his shins underneath himself, Zooka grinned into her doll, squirming slightly in happiness. She lifted her head up, letting her voice ring clear. “Let’s play! This’ll be fun!”
In the next moment, she had placed another doll in Zidane’s hand. He looked down at it and adjusted his grip, holding the doll by two fingers and letting it swing from the leg. Like an umbrella caught against heavy wind, the bottom cloth dress it wore flipped up, exposing nothing but a line of stitches holding the lower-half of the plush doll together.
“No, not like that! You’re hurting her!” Zooka reached out, moving the doll upright and gently pushing it into both of Zidane’s hands. As she did, her fingers touched the back of his hand, brushing along the skin where the thumb and forefinger met. Lance felt the electricity like a livewire had just popped and sent a bolt of fire up his arm, striking lightning into the center of his being. Warmth began to radiate from somewhere deeply far away, radiating like sunlight. But Zidane wasn’t pulling his hand back because of this massive spark; the extreme brightness of his eyes told Lance this much. He had jerked his sleeve-covered hand away because of the Razalek marking she had gotten too close to.
The electricity registered for Zooka at the exact same time. Her hand stayed holding the doll for an extra moment and then she let go, allowing it to swing down again. Zidane recovered before the dress flipped completely, scooping up the doll again and holding it with both hands. Zooka smiled and nodded approvingly. 
“That’s better!” she said. She brought the other doll to the floor, humming while she made it walk in silly bouncing motions that let its limbs flail. The doll began walking up an invisible staircase and then stopped nearby the doll in Zidane’s hands. It bowed, throwing the arms forward.
“Why, hello there, sleepyhead!”
Zidane looked to her, then the doll, then to Zooka again. This time, his eyes didn’t brighten. He looked to the doll she held one last time, and when he spoke to Zooka, it was as if he were carefully delivering grave news.
“It’s not talking…” 
For a single moment, Lance saw shock register on Zooka’s face—and in a deep distance part of her eyes, something shattered. Then, she scowled. “You’re not very good at this game.”
Zidane’s eyes darkened as he looked back at his doll. With another smile, Zooka tapped him on the shoulder. “Tag, you’re it!”
Turning behind him, Zidane looked to see Zooka already half-way across the room. She headed towards a caregiver standing near the hallway, hiding behind them. A moment later, she peered out to look at him, a grin on her face.
“Come on!” she called when Zidane didn’t move, bouncing on the balls of her feet.
He looked to Kazuo, who encouraged him on with a nod in her direction. Zooka ran towards Kazuo with a light squeal that turned into giggles, like she was experiencing the game for the first time. A smile touched Lance’s face along with a hint of sadness, and he watched as the hyperactive kid from before ran by. He tapped Zooka on the shoulder.
“You’re it!”
Zooka let loose a shriek and more giggles from as she chased after him. Zidane rose to his feet, a smile on his face as he observed the game in front of him. Zooka passed by and began a lap around an invisible track in the middle of the room, noticing Zidane as he came within her sight. He tensed, the smile now a grin, and took off before she got close enough to touch him. He ran, her chasing from behind with her laughter cutting through all the other noise in the room. The kid that had been running around before was nowhere to be seen, and before Lance could try and look for him, his focus was captured by the two children running towards him. 
It was Zidane’s face he looked towards first. There was something different and odd about his eyes being this bright, just as there was something different and odd about seeing an actual smile on his face. But it was a good difference; it was something Lance could get used to.
His stare was moving towards Zooka before he even realized it, and the shock that banged in his chest was like someone slamming down the keys of a piano. A tiny realization formed, a horrible recognition of what that feeling could possibly be. With his stomach lurching, he pushed it as far away as possible. She was eight. What the fuck was going on? What kind of sicko was he?
“You okay?”
He looked up, looking away from Zidane and around the room. Everyone had left without him knowing, and even Zooka was no longer present. Lance looked down, noticing a cold sweat had broken out and streamed down his temple. He raised a hand, pushing the drops into his hair and trying to think of the logic behind how he could be sweating in something else’s mind. But eventually, he had no choice but to look and meet Zidane’s waiting stare.
Nervous. Lance could tell there was a nervousness behind those eyes. So both of them were concerned about something. Probably worried for the same person.
“Yeah.” Lance looked away, stretched his eyes wider, moved both hands through the sides of his hair. “Yeah. I’m fine.”
Meeting Zidane’s stare was a calling he felt like he had to answer. He looked up, staring into those dark eyes that seem to be getting blacker without the color changing. The emotions were shifting, changing, but to what feelings exactly, Lance couldn’t sense. 
Then Zidane nodded, and with an unreadable expression, looked towards the middle of the room. “We only have about three more parts to go. Sorry if this is a little boring.”
Lance was shocked at the fact he wasn’t joking. “What?” A smile shot on his face, hands raising in light defense. “Dude, what are you talking about? This is awesome—it’s like I’m inside a movie. Don’t even worry about it!”
That got a smile on Zidane’s face. He looked back to Lance with eyes a little brighter.
“Alright,” he said with a nod, and then faded out again.
Before Lance could blink, he was teleported a few feet away, staring at the spot he stood just seconds ago. The playroom was still empty, and the setting sun from outside shadowed everything in the light hues that came with sunset. Footsteps came from the hallway, and Lance turned to see Zooka hurrying into the room, holding Zidane’s hand as he trailed behind. They were headed towards the wall Lance was facing.
“There it is!” Zooka pointed with her other hand as they approached the wall and her steps slowed. She let go of Zidane and sat down, staring at the floor. 
“I heard there’s something down there.”
Lance began making his way across the room, watching Zidane sit down with his legs underneath him and reach out, peeling back carpet that had been worn out. “What could be down there?” he asked.
The strip of carpet flipped over, exposing a few floorboards. Zooka stared down at them, shrugging. “Something…” she replied.
Zidane reached down, attempting to get stubs of fingernails in between one of the floorboards. Lance stopped a few feet behind them, tips of his shoes barely touching the light the window stretched onto the floor. He saw Zidane’s hands move back to his lap, and then the crossbreed turned, looking over his shoulder. His persona shifted, and eyes that looked too much like Arzo’s came back.
 He turned ahead of himself and reached into his back pocket, withdrawing a slim, short object that was a little too long for his hold. Lance felt his stomach sink as he heard the blade switch open, and instantly Zooka covered her eyes, upper body hunching into her knees. 
Zidane glanced at her, then the knife before realizing what was wrong.
“Hey,” he said, extending one hand out. He placed it on top of hers, and distantly Lance felt that bolt of lightning like a static shock. He roughly shoved it away, listening to Zidane speak again. 
“Hey, it’s okay. Look.”
The knife was shoved into the crack of the floorboards and lifted up, beginning to pry open the desired board. 
The nails on the board released, the closest side of the board lifting up like a see-saw. Nothing but darkness was below. Zidane slid back a little bit and held one hand out towards the board, offering for Zooka to inspect it.
Instantly, Zooka shook her head, the arms she had wrapped around herself tightening. “I’m not going! You do it!”
Zidane rolled his eyes, the slightest of smiles on his face. He leaned down, trying to peer inside.
“Well?” Zooka asked quietly.
“I’m not really seeing much, but that’s probably ‘cause it’s so dark—”
Two spiders crawled out, and before they had traveled two inches forward, Zooka was five feet away. Her crabwalk stopped but the size of her eyes didn’t go down. The spiders kept crawling, one of them stopping for a moment and then speeding in her direction.
Zooka shrieked. 
“Kill it, kill it!”
Zidane’s foot had stomped down before she finished the second command. He moved his other leg, squishing the second spider. Both of them stayed where they were—Zooka on the ground and Zidane standing near the floorboard five feet away from her. Someone was breathing hard, and for a few moments, Lance assumed it was Zooka’s response to being scared. But then he noticed the rise and fall of Zidane’s body as well, and realized both of them had been spooked. 
He’s not scared, Lance realized. There’s something else.
A large semi-truck passed on by, the shadow of its body fanning through the orphanage’s room. It swept over Zidane, and when the darkness was gone, his eyes stayed the same deep color. Guilt. Regret. Emotions that put a heavy sickness in Lance’s gut. 
Running footsteps came from the hall, and when Zidane looked up, Lance turned around. A caregiver slowed her stops, eyes scanning the situation before running up to Zooka. She knelt by the girl, her question of what was wrong directed at both of them. 
“Spiders,” Zidane answered, picking up one foot and revealing the remnants sticking his shoe like webs. Zooka’s face paled.
“Oh—sorry.” He scraped his foot on the floor, leaving a small streak of spider guts. “Sorry.” He tried to clean his other shoe, leaving the same result. “Dangit.” Another scrape. “Dangit.”
“Please, please stop.” The caregiver moved one hand away from her mouth and held out her other one. “You’re getting it on the carpet.”
Zidane’s eyes dimmed slightly, glancing to Zooka as if to say What about her?
The caregiver helped Zooka up by the arm. “Here, you’re both missing out on the fun outside. The sun’s about to set. It’ll be pretty, you know.”
“Really?” Zooka returned.
Zidane watched them head towards the hallway. He looked down at his shoes, giving a sigh as he glanced at the bottom of one of them. He took a few steps, starting after Zooka, when Lance felt something like a shadow sweep over them both. Zidane turned, noticing it at the same time Lance did. Two people stood across the street, the sight of them very clear from the window. The more Lance stared, however, the more he realized he wasn’t staring at humans. 
The woman on the right was incredibly tall, and with a quick glance-over, Lance estimated her height to be nearly eight feet. The man beside her was something he noticed only after another look to study her fascinatingly strange style of dress. In contrast to her height, this man was incredibly short, barely a head taller than the fire hydrant close beside them and the crown of his head barely even reaching the woman’s knee. It was with this observation that brought Lance to notice the points of his ears. They were sharp; that much he could tell by their thinness and the narrow icicle-like shape. Weight fell into Lance’s gut and a bad taste came into his mouth as he glanced to the woman, seeing her ears just as sharp and with most of her hair tucked behind her ears, the points fully exposed. Lance’s mind shot back to Lanquim, the town Zidane had first introduced him to. There was someone else like this. The physician, with pointed ears and—
Razalek. The name came to him and drew dark storm clouds into his mind along with it. They’re Razaleks. 
And for as long as Zidane had been staring out the window, neither of them had looked away. 
“Zidane…” 
Zidane turned towards Zooka’s call. Without looking away from those still standing across the street, watching, Lance saw in his mind’s eye how Zidane’s eyes brightened upon seeing her again. He saw how Zooka was standing in the hallway’s entrance, one hand holding the caregiver’s and the other extending towards him in patient waiting.
Zidane turned back. The Razaleks were gone, leaving no evidence that they’d ever been present in the first place. Zidane slid his foot back, and after another moment’s hesitation, quickly went off to join Zooka. 



Chapter Fifteen
Departure

Lance slid a little further down in his chair, looking out to the room before him. The moonlight from the windows made everything bright enough to see the beds—two columns, one on each side of the room, the empty space between the foot of the beds creating a walkway. Somewhere deep inside Lance’s mind, he realized that aside from Kyrene’s death, this was the first memory that occurred at night. Pain snapped into his gut. He turned to back to Zidane, trying to forget what he just realized.
The crossbreed looked to him, eyes still seeming just as colorful even in the dark. Almost like—
“Are your eyes glowing?” Lance asked, 
“I guess you could say they are,” Zidane answered with a grin. “Spiro iris’ work in a way that’s a little similar to pupils, except they capture and reflect light instead of just capturing and adapting. Our irises are hooked up to our emotions, too, so when we’re experiencing something like happiness, the light that’s gathered and reflected prolongs that feeling for a little while. In some ways, you could say the irises take in the energy properties of light.” He shifted, sitting a little more upright against the bed frame. 
“That’s… Fascinating.”
Zidane nodded a little bit, nonchalant. “I guess to someone who’s never been around the race before, yeah…” The light in his eyes came back a little then, a faint realization coming to him. “That trait developed from need for a camouflage, actually. Darker eyes helped them blend into darker environments, lighter eyes helped with lighter environments.”
“So with darker eyes… There’s no light being taken in?”
“Yeah.” Zidane nodded again. “But with darker eyes, there’s not a lot of influence on mood, since light is being blocked and there’s little to no energy to gather.” 
“The whole using light energy kinda reminds me of—” Lance paused, closing his eyes and retrieving the name again. “Razaleks. It’s like how they use food, right?”
“Yeah, that’s an interesting connection.” Zidane flipped a hand over and opened his fist, revealing a bright structure made up of thin white threads. It rotated slightly, nearly seeming like a holographic piece of abstract art. “The energy won’t go into being able to do anything like this because they don’t have the right organs and connections through their body, but it’s definitely a similarity…”
Lance thought for a long moment, looking away from the structure brightening up their small section of the room. 
“Are there more differences than similarities?” he asked finally, turning back. “Between the two of them?”
Zidane closed his hand, the structure disappearing underneath his fist. He didn’t answer right away, and for once Lance realized this was the first question he didn’t have an immediate response to.
“Depends how you look at it,” he said quietly. “Evolution and DNA traces us back to the human species—or traces the human species back to us, however you wanna see it—so in a way we’re all identical. But then years and centuries and millenniums eventually split us apart, leading to everything as it is now. If you look at it from a straightforward-historical standpoint, then no, there’s really not much difference. But from a biological standpoint, listing out what’s different and what’s similar, really getting down to all the details”—He shrugged, his shoulders heavy—“Yeah, there’d be more contrast than similarities.” 
His eyes were no longer glowing, and despite the moonlight still making it bright enough to give the room an outline, their small section seemed too dark. The shadows had no direct source, and for some reason Lance could feel them reaching, curling towards him, constricting and making it a little harder to breathe…
Lance cleared his throat, looking to Zidane again. The crossbreed looked up from the sheets, eyes darkening as Lance spoke.
“So why were Razaleks even here? Was it the spy thing?”
Zidane nodded. “Part of Ezyta’s training; check up on the human territory to see how terrible it is.”
“Oh…”
So what happens now? This question came as a distant thought, but it took Lance a moment to realize he had actually spoken it aloud; the distant volume of his own voice traveling out into the silence between them.
When he looked up, Zidane was lying down, eyes closed, sheets pulled up to his stomach. His hands were on top, fingers not interlocked but with one hand laying on the other. It nearly looked like he was lying in a coffin. 
Everything was still, silent. And then shadows rose from the spot beside Zidane’s bed, two of them reaching up until one was drastically tall and then other drastically smaller. These forms took on shapes—female curves accompanying the taller figure while Lance could only see a head and shoulders form for the shorter one. The shadows retracted, trailing back down towards the floor and ending the teleportation. 
Neither of the Razaleks moved. They didn’t speak, either, and their statue-like presence gave Lance time to stare at the woman. She was beautiful, and despite her height, Lance saw also saw youngness to her face. The youth was a little difficult to see underneath the heavy expression of disgust, but the details captured his attention. A faint line of freckles ran across her nose, and something about this held Lance’s focus for a moment longer. He barely saw her hand reach down, long fingers spreading out to Zidane’s arm.
There was a flash of motion and light—enough for Lance to see Zidane sit upright, blade flashing—and then the crossbreed’s arm was bent back in a nasty, jagged line. The knife flew from his hand, the impact silent, while his mouth opened. Nothing came out; no scream, no yell, no sound except for a tight series of breaths quivering in his throat. Within seconds, however, they too were reduced to nothing. 
Lance sensed the shorter Razalek silently tap the floor with the ball of his foot. A transparent dome rose around the bed’s area, encasing all four of them and then disappearing. A sound barrier.
Zidane’s arm dropped, his eyes opening wide in pain and flecks of spit shivering out of his mouth. Like before, the shirt he wore was long-sleeved, but Lance could see the faintest bump on one side of his upper arm. There may have been another, larger one further down towards his wrist, but Lance couldn’t bring himself to glance down and see. Witnessing the breaks were enough. 
The faintest pain touched Lance’s arm—matching the spots where Zidane’s bumps were. Despite the fact that Lance’s discomfort didn’t change, he could feel Zidane’s pain lessening, matching a level close to his. 
“Lift your hand in my direction again and I’ll fry the pain receptors.” The woman’s voice was low with nothing but pure malice; the way she spoke was a weapon all on its own.
No longer attracted, Lance felt his stomach recoil. Zidane was breathing hard through his nose, hand holding his wrist and black eyes staring at the foot of his bed for a few moments. Then they rose to meet the woman’s, their color becoming something even darker.
The Razalek matched his hatred, lines on her face burrowing into her skin. A massive energy burned from Zidane, something so powerful it made the air thinner. The anger from the woman rose, but didn’t increase enough to match his. Her glare only narrowed, mouth opening for the first time in over a minute.
“You’re not human.”
“No shit,” Zidane replied, keeping his stare locked with hers. 
Her lips turned downwards at the curse, but she pressed on. “What are you?”
“Take a wild guess, lady. You got two blanks to fill; one of them’s pretty damn obvious considering I could see you standing there like a bunch of idiots.”
A smile etched the corner of her mouth upwards. “So you’re one of us. That much I guessed. What’s the other blank?”
“You want me to pull down my pants and show you?”
Both the Razaleks’ eyes went wide in shock, and when neither said a word, Zidane looked away. “I got a tail.”
“What?” The volume of her voice nearly made Lance jump out of his skin. Before he could fully comprehend what had happened, Zidane was suspended in the air, hands near his neck and face quickly turning red. The Razalek’s hand was extended towards him, cupped as if she truly had her hand around his throat.
“Disgusting, absolute abomination ruining thousands of years of evolution. You undeserving putrid disease—”
Zidane was writhing, legs desperately flailing, his upper body thrashing. Tears slid out from his red eyes; soon, his breath became mostly wheezing inhales, and then transferred to brief chokes.
Lance broke his gaze away long enough to see the face of the woman, the hatred on her face nearly matching the surge of Zidane’s. The shorter Razalek beside her, however, had his eyes closed and his face void of expression. His head wasn’t bowed, nor was it even lifted towards Zidane. It looked as if he’d simply fallen asleep standing up.
“Miz Ezyta,” he said quietly.
“What?” the female snapped.
“Miz Ezyta, your third Royalty task.”
Her hand tightened, nearly becoming a complete fist. Zidane had stopped thrashing by now, his hands limp by his sides. It was then, standing there beside the bed, that Lance sensed something powerful. Something inside Zidane was ramming against a locked door, almost about to break through.
“What about the stupid tasks?”
“Miz Ezyta. Please remember the requirements of the third task.”
A fraction of a second, and something registered on the female’s face. Her hand expanded into an open palm and Zidane gave a large inhalation, finally able to breathe again. He stayed in mid-air, curled over with his hands by his chest. The energy from before had fled; whatever had been trying to break through was gone.
The smaller Razalek opened his eyes, stare instantly on Zidane. Though his expression remained blank, Lance felt a small hint of emotion. Something like joy?
“Would this work?” the woman was saying.
“That depends on you, Miz Ezyta.”
Her glare twitched downward at this response. She looked up to Zidane. The crossbreed remained floating, quickly beginning to regain his breath. Lance noticed a faint flash of light come from the female’s hands as Zidane dropped, landing on the bed and bouncing a little from the harsh impact. Before he could move any further, hundreds of images overtook Lance’s sight. Through seeing flickers and noticing what details he could, he realized these weren’t anything he’d experienced himself—these were images of Zidane’s memories. Some flashes were the tiniest bit slower, but the delay was enough for Lance to recognize the faces. Zidane’s father, Orah, with his sister, and, then, another one with just him alone. Kyrene, the wind chime streaming blood down the middle of her face. And, then, Zooka, her smile beaming wide.
Lance’s sight came back to him in flashes of bright light, attention zeroing in on the woman’s cooing voice.
“Oh, so much I could use! Where should I even begin with this?”
Zidane lifted his head up, keeping himself bent over crossed legs. When he spoke, the sadness in his voice was more than clear. “Go fuck yourself.”
“Hmm…” The woman pointed her fingertips to her upper chest, eyes closing. Lance could see the gold marking on her hand lightly glow. “Let’s not have you talk.”
Zidane opened his mouth again, his aggressive question absolutely silenced. He paused, mind catching up to what was happening, and then thrashed his body forward, his scream never sounding. 
Memories came to Lance. Being in a hospital room, having that thing silence him so quickly. Fear came, and quickly he swallowed it down. Focusing as much as he could on the scene in front of him.
A satisfied smirk came to the female Razalek’s face. “Much better! Now sit up”—Zidane was immediately upright—”and listen to what I’m going to offer you.”
Lance was now standing off to the side of the bed’s end with a clear view of both their profiles. With this angle, the woman’s ears were perfectly clear. He looked at their full length, seeing how they nearly reached past the crown of her head. A deep, revolted shiver ran down his spine. The woman’s mouth curved into a smile, one that never reached her eyes. 
“How would you like to bring your mother back?”
Everything inside of Lance suddenly became zero-gravity, the shock distracting him from witnessing Zidane’s reaction. He could feel something from him, though—something distant and ghostlike.
“What…” Zidane’s voice slipped from his mouth.
Faint laughter came from the Razalek as her fingertips rose to her lips. Her hand flourished out towards him. “You act like you know it’s not possible!”
“I…” Lance could tell Zidane was searching through his mind, trying to find something. An explanation on how it wasn’t possible. Some sort of response.  But how could he know something he was never taught?
The woman’s eyes lifted, moving past Zidane. “Would you like me to demonstrate?”
Lance looked, seeing Zooka lying on the bed next to Zidane. She was on her stomach, hand hanging down towards the floor. Sound asleep.
“No,” Zidane said quickly, turning back. “It’s possible? You could do it?”
She nodded. “If you’re willing to do something for me.”
“Anything.”  
“Come work for me.”
The shorter Razalek turned towards her, eyes wide. “Miz Ezyta—”
The woman held her hand out to him in silence. Her stare kept to Zidane, perfect smile still on her lips.
Zidane thought, and when his stare went back to her, Lance saw an innocence in him. The way he was supposed to be…
“What would I be doing?” he asked quietly.
Her smile hitched upwards. “Whatever you’re capable of.”
Zidane’s focused fell down to his lap. He slid his palm against his pants and revealing the dark marking on the back of his hand. “I don’t…”
Ezyta’s smile fell. “What do you mean you don’t?”
“I can’t!” 
His words hung in the silence that followed, the stillness not even breaking when Lance felt anger rise from Ezyta, her hands turning to fists and mouth growling in a low voice. “Absolutely useless—what good are you then?”
This made Zidane’s eyes blacken, body shrinking downwards in hurt. 
“Pure waste with the marks of our kind,” Ezyta continued on. “How was this even possible? What gene got so misplaced—”
“Miz Ezyta.”
She turned to the smaller Razalek, eyes wild. “What?”
“It is my recommendation that you make a decision now. The more time you spend here, the further away you’ll be.”
Confused at the riddle, Lance looked to Zidane, who wore an expression similar to what he was feeling. The crossbreed looked to Ezyta, watching her body rise completely upright, chin tilting up. 
“Of course,” she said, looking down at Zidane. “It is your choice. Reverse the death you feel so guilty over”—She turned, looking behind her shoulder. Her face scrunched up in pure disgust—“Or stay wasting away even further in here.”
The death he caused? Lance thought. Quickly, his mind sped back, trying to grab every detail that might have been important. There was nothing… How could he have caused it?
Zidane was thinking about what she said, mulling it over in his brain. He didn’t think for long, and for a single flash of a moment, Lance thought he would say what’d been on his own mind. That last statement from her was just a guilt trip; it wasn’t true; there’s no way he would buy into—
“How long would it take?” Ebony eyes rose to her. “To bring her back?”
“That depends on you,” she responded, slight smile returning. “There needs to be a personal connection with the being either before or at the time of death, so the only person that can revive her is you. You’re absolutely positive you can’t conduct any energetic influences?”
If possible, Zidane’s eyes grew darker. “I’ve… never had the chance to really try.”
Ezyta seemed to stifle a sigh through her nose. Lance noticed the smaller Razalek briefly close his eyes, head moving in the slightest of approving nods. 
“We’ll work on it,” Ezyta said, her voice fading to a biting mumble. And then, louder, she asked, “Do we have an agreement or not?”
Zidane’s nod was almost instant. “Yeah.”
Ezyta’s hand glowed again, and Lance had just enough time to see her marking become bright gold before the light traveled up and around her arm like a ribbon was wrapping around it. The light came to the right side of her chest and shot out towards Zidane. It hit his chest, but no pain came to him. Only shock.	
“Congratulations; we’re now bound by contract.”
The light faded. Zidane gradually recovered, shaking his head a little before looking up to her. “When are we leaving?”
Ezyta’s smile curved onto her lips again, exposing her teeth this time. “We can leave now if you want.”
Zidane shook his head, more forceful this time. “I need to say goodbye to some people.”
Laughter greeted him. Ezyta threw her head back, arms wrapped around her stomach, and when the laughter finally died down, she spoke. “Oh, what could you possibly have to try and communicate with in here? Your little pet over there? This place has nothing for you!”
The glare returned to Zidane’s face. “I’ve got two requests.”
The light pain in Lance’s arm suddenly shot up, Zidane’s quiet cry becoming background noise as Lance doubled over. He was about to put a hand to his upper arm when the pain became something new. His broken bone wasn’t just moving; it was being pushed until the jagged tip rested against the inside of his skin, waiting for enough pressure to break through. 
“You’re forgetting who has control here,” Ezyta said. The bone moved, and Lance felt the tip raise his skin, breaking through most of the layers. “Your ridiculous ‘requests’ mean nothing to me. The only time you’ll ever speak is to ask a question or give an agreement. Is that clear?”
No answer. The bone pressed even deeper, and Lance could feel a single drop of blood swell to the surface of his skin. 
“Fuckin’ answer her!” he yelled.
“Yes!” Zidane’s voice. “It’s clear!”
Lance was standing upright again, no pain in his arm and no memory of it ever hurting. He blinked, dully realizing there was some fog in his mind, clearing some painful, recent experience away. He only felt relieved.
Zidane was gasping for breath, one hand by his upper arm. His palm was applying weight also, and it was this observation that told Lance his bone had been healed. 
“The more you comply,” Ezyta said, “the less it’ll hurt.”   
	He didn’t respond; his head hung low, and by the way he was taking such deep, quiet breaths, Lance could feel the emotions running through him. Fear. Panic. Regret. He’d been cornered. 
Zidane remained silent for another moment, and then out of either sheer bravery or pure stupidity, he spoke. 
“How long will it take?” Deep blue spotted the midnight of his eyes as they rose to her. “To bring her back?”
“That depends on you,” Ezyta responded, slight smile returning. “Like I said, there needs to be a connection with the being you want to bring back. Since you do not have the ability to perform anything any other Razalek can, this will be a task much more difficult for you to complete.” 
Zidane was speechless for a moment. His expression darkened. “It sounds like it’s impossible.”
“No,” Ezyta said. “Not impossible. The fact you could see us means that there are some parts of your righteous side that still work. Perhaps in time there will be more parts that come into fruition.” Before Zidane could speak a protest, she held up a hand. “You didn’t make a wrong choice; your time with me will not be wasted.”
This doesn’t sound right, Lance thought, watching her hand lower down to gently hold her other one. Some Razalek gesture of loyalty. This doesn’t make sense.
“Call us when you’re fully prepared to leave.” In the next moment, both the Razaleks blurred, their image smudging to the left and right before disappearing. Lance felt the sound barrier lift away.
Zidane let out a quick breath, his mind catching up to what had happened. Without any intuition helping him, Lance could tell he was trying to process the fact that Kyrene could be brought back. The fact that his life could be laid out for him again.
This realization pressed a heavy weight against Lance’s gut, reminding him of his own life. How both he and Zidane were still technically sitting at a kitchen table, seconds ticking by and nothing about Lance’s life changing—
He ripped the thought away with more vigor than he knew he possessed. 
Focus on the present.
Zidane’s head was bowed, hands limp by his sides. Lance shifted more weight onto one foot, hands in the pocket of his sweatshirt.
“What’d you do?” he asked quietly.
Zidane just shook his head, the closing of his eyes preventing Lance from seeing their color. Without warning, Lance was standing in the orphanage’s hallway, mid-morning sun lighting up their surroundings. Soft footsteps and the sound of a cane faded in, and Lance turned to see Kazuo walking with Zidane. They were headed his way.
“I don’t understand your need to leave,” Kazuo began with a patient, calming tone that matched the morning light, “but I feel it is not my place to.”
Acting on an idea, Lance didn’t move as they became closer to him. Both of them passed straight through as if he were a ghost, Kazuo continuing on.
“I just wish for you to be safe.” He looked down at Zidane, a wide closed-lip smile on his face. “I always have.”
Two emotions hit Zidane like a heavy knock on a door—shock, then anxiety. He stopped looking at Kazuo from the corner of his eye, attention turning in front as they stepped into the playroom, teleporting Lance with them. 
The room was deserted, and as Lance stood in the center of the worn carpet, he watched Zidane and Kazuo walk towards the front door in silence. Stopping a few feet away, Kazuo reached forward, opening the door and looking at Zidane with a smile that touched mostly his eyes.
There were no words spoken, and Lance felt there weren’t any that needed to be said. Zidane held the caregiver’s gaze for a moment, then looked away, eyes deepening a little in spite of the outside morning light. A hint of a smile came to his face, one hand that hung by his side curling gently into a fist. This wasn’t in anger; it was desperation. It was a longing to hold on just a little longer.
Kazuo looked out into the morning air, the smile still on his face as he took a step back, holding the door open even more for Zidane. The crossbreed looked up, their eyes meeting again, and with his eyes crinkling and his head gently motioning, Kazuo welcomed him to take the first step outside. 
Zidane did, and Lance felt the calm, deep waters of what he was feeling shift with every step he took. Those waters were swirling, the tail of the whirlpool becoming deeper and deeper, longer and longer; the water’s rhythmic rotation becoming ferocious, splashing the surface water and beginning to drill a hole into his gut with the tail. He was nervous. He was absolutely, incredibly anxious, but despite all of this, no emotion showed on Zidane’s face save for his eyes. Lance had a clear view as he teleported in front of the orphanage, Zidane stopping at the crossroad created from the main path and the sidewalk.
Lance followed his searching gaze, trying to find what he was looking for. But there was only one person he could possibly be searching for. Something twisted deep inside Lance’s gut, but he ignored it, walking behind Zidane as the crossbreed started down the sidewalk. 
“I think this was the first time I was this nervous,” Zidane began. Lance looked up in a gesture of interest, a silent reply to go on. “I never really had so much riding on an interaction with someone. With Arzo, there wasn’t this type of nervousness. And my mom…” His voice ended there, words caught somewhere in between his mind and mouth.
Lance walked with him for another moment, halting when Zidane stopped walking. Lance tried to be surprised when he looked up and saw Zooka—he tried to act like his intuition hadn’t screamed in recognition before his eyes even began moving towards her. He tried to act surprised, because the alternative was so insane, right?
When he focused back, Zooka’s grin had fallen. Her stare wasn’t on him—never had been, never would be—but solely focused on Zidane, like he was the only thing in the world. Barely any emotion was on her face, but Lance still felt the tidal wave crash into him. Deep with worry and sadness. Something Lance wasn’t sure Zidane had anything to do with.
She pouted, the expression nothing but pure innocence. “Something’s wrong,” she said.
“Um…” Zidane looked away, hand rising to his head. “Depends how you look at it.”
“Why?”
Zidane seemed a little surprised. “Because I need to go,” he said without thinking.
“Why?” she asked again, a little more forceful.
Zidane put his palms against his eyes, massaging them. “It’s long, long story, Zooka. I just need to go away for a while.”
“I’ll come with you.” No happiness came to her except a marginal amount; she only became a dab more anxious and in turn, more forceful.
“You can’t.” Zidane’s hands pressed inwards, more up towards his eyebrows. “There’s very dangerous stuff there…”
Every part of Zooka softened—somehow calming while becoming denser. “But you’ll be there…” she said.
Lance felt the shockwave of Zidane’s pain; a high-speed burst ramming into him. 
“I know,” Zidane replied quietly. He lowered his hands, letting them fall back to his sides before bringing one hand up, head bowed and ridge of his pointer finger along his eyebrows. “I just need to do this…”
“I don’t get it!” Zooka cried, hugging the rubber ball to her chest. “Why are you going? Why’re you leaving me here?”
“I’m… not…” Zidane reached a hand out halfway.
“Don’t say you’re not!” she said. Tears streamed down her face. “You’re leaving me. You don’t want me.”
“Zooka…” Zidane’s voice fell away from him, his eyes looking away and his hand rising to his forehead. He’d made a mistake; he shouldn’t have talked to her... Especially not like this.
Lance knew Zooka had crumbled to her knees before he had the strength to look back. He could feel her pain taking up the space where his stomach used to be, and he hated that feeling. He wished he could do something, but knew there was nothing to be done.
That’s the worst thing about this, he thought. I can’t make anyone feel better. There’s so much pain here… It’s nearly constant.
He looked over Zidane. The crossbreed only stared at Zooka, pitch black eyes never blinking as his hand remained on his forehead. He was frozen, paralyzed by all of the hurt she was releasing with every sob, every aching sound that curled her body tighter. Wrapping her around the ball now pressed between her legs and her stomach. Lance remembered the girl Zooka was with when he first saw her; the girl with short hair and a scab on her chin. She had curled herself into a similar position, crying, because nobody was listening.	
Lance wanted to take a step forward—he could feel the muscles in his foot and leg aching at the thought—but he couldn’t. Something was holding him back like an anchor was dropped beside him and he was tied to it. He could only watch Zooka, sensing the constant and steady drop of Zidane’s emotions, and wonder why things happen the way they do. He couldn’t come up with a sensible answer.
	  
___________________

The caregiver that had come and tended to Zooka had given a hazy, one-sided conversation that Lance barely listened to. Something that did stick in his mind was Zidane watching them walk off, his eyes miraculously getting even darker when Zooka’s shoulders hunched inwards. She never turned to look back.
And then Lance was on the sidewalk again, walking up instead of down with Zidane beside him. Lance remained in his own empty mind for a moment, and then spoke in a distant voice.
“I thought you said your life gets better.”
“It does.” 
“When?”
Zidane stayed silent, and finally, he spoke.
“Give me three memories,” he said, and Lance found himself standing alone across the street.
He was now in a different part of town, one with red brick buildings behind him and across the street. A few people faded in and a car drove past, but Lance instantly spotted Zidane across the street. His demeanor had changed since they had spoken; posture straightened, hands in his jacket pockets, eyes almost completely settling in to that cold glare. Guarded. Like he was when Arzo had him.
Guess he still does, Lance thought. Does he even know Zidane’s doing this?
When they were almost directly across from one another, Zidane’s eyes met Lance’s and brightened, a knowing smile on his face. Then, he turned left into an alleyway, stopping at the edge between shadow and sun. Lance barely felt the fear in his gut; most of his attention was on the faint outline of Ezyta and the smile he sensed on her face. In the next moment, swirling fire rose up to consume them both, a third mass of fire appearing for the shorter Razalek who stood beside Ezyta. Once again, Lance was left alone, watching as something new overtook the streets surrounding him.  














Chapter Sixteen
Without

The smaller Razalek moved his hands, bringing them near his torso. He took a deep breath, inhaling the air of the ballroom-like room.
“It comes from the lungs,” he said. His hands lowered, exhale drifting out into the open air through his nose. “Most executions will come through the nose, though in some circumstances it may be more appropriate to cast from the mouth.” He looked to Zidane, who was still sitting on the floor in front of him. “Who told you the answer of ‘both’? Was it Miz Ezyta?”
Zidane shook his head, politely saying no and speaking a word Lance had never heard before. And then a thought instantly sparked inside his mind.
Gurenok, he repeated, looking to the Razalek. Finally, a name for this guy.
Gurenok gave a curt nod. “Your answer of ‘both’ will suffice. As you pointed out, breathing through the mouth and casting through the nose is an example—a rather outdated and peasant tactic at best—but, many times you will only need to use your nose… You can cast with this method only, yes?”
Zidane nodded quickly.
“Anything large?”
Again, he declined in the same way. Gurenok uncrossed one of his arms, a small icicle appearing in front of him. Air moved off of it like steam, trailing behind as the icicle floated to Zidane and stopped in front of him.
“I’m going to release this,” Gurenok said. “Catch it.”
The icicle dropped, and Zidane’s breath shot through his mouth in a quick exhale. Despite the fact that Zidane’s back was facing him, Lance could tell the icicle had been caught. He took advantage of his mind’s eye, watching the second view without bothering to think hard enough to teleport closer. 
Gurenok spoke again: “Now turn it to water.”
Lance saw the ice turn to drops, the second command echoing in his head before the water had fallen more than an inch.
“Back again.”
The rain droplets became dozens of tiny icicles and hovered. The next command Lance didn’t hear, but suddenly Zidane’s fingertips straightened and half the icicles embedded into the wall twenty-five feet away. Zidane’s fingers turned, firing many more icicles up the wall and into the ceiling.
“Stop.”
The remaining spikes dropped, shattering against the floor like glass. Lance backed away from the secondary vision, watching Gurenok smile from halfway across the room. 
“Well, I do believe she’s taught you well.”
Lance sensed the slightest movement from the side of Zidane’s mouth; a tremble that didn’t push itself into a smile or even a smirk. Gurenok didn’t seem to mind; he bowed his head and stepped back.
“I believe it’s time for the next step.”
The next moment, Ezyta had suddenly appeared, taking one stride closer to Gurenok, eyes never moving from Zidane. 
“I need you to steal documents for me.”
Zidane’s shock spread to his face. He glanced to Gurenok, then back to Ezyta. “What about…” 	
Ezyta smiled with mostly her eyes. “You’re just beginning. We had a deal, remember? You help me, I help you. Step one of this is already complete; now we begin step two. Once your part is done, I’ll repay the other half of mine in full.” 	
Zidane grew quiet. His posture slumped down, almost deflating. The ball that Lance’s stomach had twisted into didn’t let up, even as Ezyta looked out towards the center of the room. The female Razalek’s hand reached out, palm down and fingers spread. A large object shaped like a square appeared above Lance, blocking out his view of the amazingly intricate chandelier hanging from the ceiling. The square was lowering, looming towards him and spiking a response to get out of the way. 
He stood by the wall nearby, watching the square cast a massive shadow onto the floor. The shadow stopped growing, the square stopped moving, and Ezyta spoke.
“Shadow pulling is a mobility cast. By manipulating both yourself and your surroundings, you’re able to get around much quicker than before. For this cast, we rely solely on shadows.”  
At her command, Zidane stood up, finally turning around to see what she was looking at. He took a moment to observe the shadow and then the object casting it. Something light and cold pressed against Lance’s stomach—a slight feeling of fear from Zidane. 
“Close your eyes,” Ezyta continued. “Think of nothing except your own shadow.”
Zidane did as he was told. Lance could feel his own focus drop towards his shadow—or at least, where his shadow would be if it were present. He smiled a little bit, amazed at the details, and watched Zidane stand. Lance could sense his attention was locked on the darkness below his feet, focusing on it as if everything else in the world didn’t exist. 
“Now drop into it.”
Zidane suddenly dropped into the floor, disappearing and leaving behind nothing but the shape of his own shadow.	
“What do you see?” Ezyta asked.
Zidane’s voice came as a thought, one that rang out into the room.
“I don’t. I just feel.”
A brief smile curved one side of Ezyta’s lips. “Good.” She looked to the large shadow in the middle of the room. “Can you feel the large shadow that I placed?”
“Yeah.”
“Pull towards it.”
Nothing happened. The room remained still for a moment, then a moment longer. Zidane’s shadow suddenly darted forward, disappearing into the larger one. Lance felt Zidane’s astonishment alongside his own, and suddenly the shadow split in two, the right half drifting away from the left. 
“Get to the other side.”
The other half of the shadow was speeding away, but Zidane was barely even a flash, a glimpse of darkness across the flooring. The large shadow stopped moving. The left and the right half began shrinking, moving into dots as Ezyta’s voice came again.
“Move.” 
Zidane’s shadow was more obvious this time; he was a fraction of a second slower, but this delay allowed Lance a better glimpse of something more than just lines against the floor. The few lines he’d previously seen were a part of another shape; many lines making up a long, narrow blur. And then it was gone, immersed into the circle.
Both shadows stopped shrinking. The one Zidane was in expanded as the other disappeared completely.
“Rise out.”
Zidane was lifted from the shadow, rising up and landing softly on his feet. The circle above him vanished as he slowly turned to Ezyta, blinking as though he were arriving out of a daze. The Razalek smiled.
“You’ll be working for me from now on,” she said. “I have documents I need you to steal.”
Sensing Zidane’s interest, she slid her thumb along a curled forefinger, removing a transparent blue ring. The ring expanded, becoming a long scroll. This scroll hovered in front of her, the paper transparent while the foreign writing was opaque.
“This is what they look like when opened, but as I just showed you, these scrolls can been hidden to look like anything. You need to pick up on the right vibrational frequency and pull whatever it is towards you.” She motioned with a hand towards the open room. “That lesson we just went through will act as your transportation. Are we clear?”
Zidane nodded. “Yes, Ezyta.” 
“Then we start now.”
The memory faded, the room being replaced with a wide hallway. Statues were carved from the walls, but a sudden change brought Lance’s focus away. Sensing Zidane had appeared, Lance looked to the right side. The crossbreed stood against the wall, one foot pressed against it. He hadn’t changed much since the last memory, but from this distance, Lance could tell he had grown taller.	
A grin came to Zidane as he pushed himself off the wall. “You probably got questions.”
Lance shuffled his hand through the back of his hair, glancing away. “Uh, yeah,” he said before looking back. He gave a reverse-nod, a motion towards the crossbreed. “How’d you get your powers?”
“They kicked in after a few days of being here,” Zidane replied. “Maybe it was just being in the right environment, having enough of the energy here made me respond to it, I’m not exactly sure.”
Lance nodded. “Ezyta and that other guy…”
“Gurenok.” 
“Yeah, Gurenok. They were talking about some tasks before? And that was the whole reason they brought you here?”
“And the reason Ezyta stopped choking me to death,” Zidane said with another grin, stating what Lance didn’t want to. “I know Razalek culture is pretty different than human—I think it’s obvious from this hallway we’re in right now—but to make it short, Ezyta’s royalty. In order for the next heir to get the throne, they need to complete certain tasks. Some take years, some a few days, but overall the process takes about eighteen years to complete, sometimes a little longer. When I met Ezyta she was seventeen and completing one of the last ten.” 
He paused, interlocking his fingers behind his neck and looking up. 
“I really can’t go on without giving anything away, but I think that’s all you need to know right now.”
Lance stifled the urge to ask anything else, nodding and agreeing quietly. Sensing his impatience, Zidane smiled and once again vanished. Lance looked around, surprised when Zidane walked past him. He had changed; his clothing darker, his body a few inches taller, but these differences only held Lance’s focus for a moment. A realization hit him, one that punched his stomach and nearly caved his chest in. 
The similarities to Arzo were back, but they were different this time. It wasn’t the ever-present anger—that had decreased. It was a quiet, screaming seriousness, a deathly maturity that no child was supposed to have. What surprised Lance the most, however, how he thought Zidane had changed; there’d been a breach of something when he was with Zooka, however slight that breach may have been. So how much of that had been erased? 
Zidane was halfway through the door when Lance found himself in another room. Wide and long, with the same deep red color scheme as the hallway. Zidane entered the red, mirror-covered room, stopping after a few steps. His stare never moved from Ezyta, who reclined in a chair on the opposite side of the room.
Lance looked a little closer, realizing the chair was made of light blue wisps; some physical manifestation of whatever energy Razaleks used. He watched how the energy making up the armrests curled around her hands, delicately moving around the markings and outstretching to her fingers, healing away any tension that would’ve been present there. Her pale-blonde hair was stretched out, floating, bringing Lance to notice the other Razaleks tending to it. At first, Lance thought they were brushing their assigned section, but upon inspection he saw they were hovering an open palm above her hair, allowing unseen energy to run through each strand. Their other hands stayed below, keeping the section afloat. 
No one paid any notice as Zidane stood across the room, and within moments Lance could feel his impatience burning. Ezyta hummed a sigh. The servants broke away from their task, a slight panic spiking into them as Ezyta’s hair floated down. Lance thought he saw slight curls of light—energy moving up the strands.
Ezyta didn’t speak. Instead, Lance felt the emotion of her question as clearly as though she’d spoken aloud. Zidane tossed her an object and Lance watched it sail, guided in front of her face by energy towards the very end. Her eyes opened as the scroll did and after a moment of reading, she smiled.
Another pleased hum came from her as she sat upright, turning to Zidane. “What would I do without you?”
The crossbreed stayed standing, glare lightly etching into his face as Ezyta looked back, closing the scroll with a pinch of her hand. It vanished with a horizontal close of two fingers, but Lance barely saw this. His eyes were caught by Ezyta’s ears; before, when he’d been this close with a clear view of her profile, the moon-lit orphanage room had made it too dark to see much detail. But now the piercings were more than evident, and even in comparison to the last memory of seeing her from a distance, Lance could tell the number of earrings had grown. There was some significance about all six of them, but what exactly he didn’t know.
“Number of earrings represent life achievements,” Zidane told him.
“Oh, right.” 
Ezyta turned to Zidane again, her earrings sounding against each other as her head moved. “There was another deal with this task, wasn’t there?”
Zidane’s expression didn’t change, but the small brightening of his eyes was more than enough. Ezyta looked away, the slight smirk on her face telling Lance the relaxation was wearing off. “We’re almost done with scavenging, so it won’t hurt to begin the resurrection process. First, we need a memory. Close your eyes.”
Zidane shut his eyes, listening as Ezyta kept speaking.
“Now think of her. Get a vivid image; the clearest one you can.”
The seconds went by and the walls Zidane held around himself started to come down. The change was slight; only physically noticeable by the relaxation of his forehead and slight rest of his shoulders. His emotions, Lance sensed, were a different story; those barriers were sliding off, layer by layer. Every time Ezyta spoke into the silence, her voice was quiet and almost kind.
“Imagine she’s here with you,” she said. “Right here beside you. Take every bit of it in.”
The pause was longer this time, long enough for Lance to feel the change in the room, feel how calm it had become. Zidane’s emotions had grown louder; that sense of bliss radiated from him now. Lance felt a sting below his eyes.
Ezyta continued speaking, kindness dripping from each word.
“And realize she will always be gone.”
Lance looked to her, seeing the smirk on her face and feeling his stomach plummet. This was the first genuine smile she had given Zidane and nothing about it was right.
Her words were still in the air, pressing down and still making it hard to think. Zidane opened his mouth, trying to form a question when Ezyta’s laughter cut through.
“You actually thought it could be done!” she said. “That’s what your first mistake was. The second was trusting me.”
A muffled laugh sounded against her fingertips. Her hand flourished away from her face. “I almost wish there were more of you! Think of the work I could get done.”
The realization finally caught up to Zidane. “There isn’t a way?”
“Oh, of course not,” Ezyta said, seeming horrified. “Do you really think the soul would want to go back after all its experienced? The simple fact we even got that much out of resurrecting someone was incredible.”
“What are you talking about?”
“Nothing but intellectual babble for something so uneducated.” Ezyta waved him off. “I know Gurenok was attempting to influence my emotions when I was about to make that ‘deal’ with you, but for the record there’s nothing I feel close to sorry for. There’s no reason for me to.”
Zidane was silent. He stayed standing, staring at the ground close to Ezyta and not doing anything else. Ezyta slipped one of the rings off her finger, turning it between two fingers. 
“You’re no longer of any use for me.” 
Zidane shook his head after a moment, seeming to be answering some question inside his own head. Ezyta glanced at him and then, realizing he was still here, looked to her left. As if her gaze had summoned him, Gurenok appeared in a miniature tidal wave of fire, the flames dispersing at his feet shortly after the wave crashed down. 
“Yes, Miz Ezyta.”
“Get rid of him.” 
Gurenok looked to Zidane and to Lance’s surprise, gave a soft smile. 
“Of course, Miz Ezyta. I commend you on finishing your task of care.”
Ezyta glared at him, and for the briefest of seconds, Lance felt a transparence of energy—quick lines darting between her and Gurenok. Gurenok just smiled. 
“I realize this ordeal has been painful for you,” he said to Zidane, giving a small bow, “but, thank you for sticking through. You’ve been a wondrous help.”
With eyes darker than coal, Zidane looked to Ezyta, then to Gurenok. His mind was still two minutes in the past, still listening to the fact he would never see Kyrene again. He didn’t respond.
“Leaving is in your hands now,” Gurenok continued. “Think of yourself in the place you’d like to be, fully feel yourself there, and the energy will do the rest.”
Zidane looked away, staring off to the side at nothing in particular. He didn’t move, allowing Lance to notice Ezyta’s anger rising. Zidane stood up on the balls of his feet, neck craned to the ceiling. Lance sensed the slash, sensed how it deflected away, the violent energy embedding into the wall. 
Ezyta growled, and for a moment, Lance thought of Kyrene, that feral roar ripping through Lanquim’s street. Looking at her now, the delicate features, Lance was sick to his stomach seeing the similarities. The growl faded into words. 
“To think I’d care for something as disgusting as you. You’re a product of idiocy—a flaw in our timeline. Death is the only thing you deserve.”
Fire erupted at Zidane’s feet, swirling around his legs and upper-body. Hiding the sight of mirth in his expression. 
Lance was hanging between space and time. The moment was stretched, thoughts and realizations and seconds catching up to the present moment. And then in a flurry of descending fire Zidane was somewhere new. Lance briefly noticed a small apartment room before Zooka crashed into Zidane, the impact of her hug nearly causing him to fall over. He stumbled, instinct placing a hand to her back. Beneath the blank slate of his face, Lance sensed other emotions quietly buzzing through like static. Confusion, and something like fear. 
Zooka gave him a squeeze, tightening the hold. “I’m so happy you’re back!”
Zidane didn’t respond, his hand didn’t move, but his eyes shifted a few shades. In a way that was so subtle Lance barely noticed it, Zidane added the tiniest bit of weight to the hand against Zooka, moving her to him a bit more. Another voice broke their silence.
“You’ve found your way back.”
Kazuo stood close by a doorway, kind smile on his face. Zooka’s hold softened enough for her to rest her head against Zidane’s cheek, grin beaming.
“He’s back!”
Zidane curved his lips into a small smile, and Lance felt something from him that he hadn’t before. It was slight; breaching out from a layer of stone. The feeling of belonging somewhere.





 




Chapter Seventeen
Acceptance

“Clear something up for me.”
Zidane looked up at Lance’s statement, calmly meeting his eyes with a reverse-nod; a motion to continue on.
“What is it?”
“That whole thing with Ezyta,” Lance began, leaning forward to push his hands through his hair. He stared at the edge of the worn coffee table between them. “What… Happened, exactly?”
Zidane didn’t answer straight away. Lance could sense he was toying with something in his hands. 
“To be honest, I never kept in touch with Ezyta,” Zidane said. “Never heard from her, never wanted to talk.” Lance watched his head lean back against the couch, eyes staring up at the apartment’s ceiling. “I dunno. I thought about it a lot, especially after it happened. And… One of the tasks she had to complete was ‘care’. Maybe she actually cared for me more than she let on.”
Lance felt relieved to hear this. A little shocked, considering who they were talking about, but still relieved. 
Still, Lance shook his head a little. “It’d make sense, seeing how she reacted to what that guy was saying about completing the task. But… Like, she’s such a bitch, so—” He laughed and Zidane’s mouth hooked in a smile.
“I dunno,” Zidane said again. “Maybe it was something else. Like how she really just cared for the territory I was getting her. She just cared for her place on the throne, and attached that to how she felt about me.”
Lance didn’t have a response to that one. He stayed quiet, eyes traveling to the child sitting next to Zidane on the couch. She was perfectly still; the memory paused, her face near the homemade cupcake in her hands. A smile was on her lips, like she was seeing some kind of world inside the decorated frosting on top. 
“I’m sorta surprised she remembered you.”
It was something Lance was rather hesitant to bring up, but curiosity overtook his fear of stepping out of line. Zidane didn’t find it rude, and nodded from his seat on the couch across from Lance.
“We wrote to each other during the two years I was gone,” he said. “I’d send them by Uleks, which are basically messenger phoenixes. Kazuo would deliver the letters to Zooka like it was normal mail.”
“You were gone for two years?” Lance asked.
Zidane gave a light smile. “Doesn’t really look like it, huh?”
Now that Lance could take the time to compare, it did. He was taller than before, but still seemed below the height of an average ten-year-old. There was a little bit of age in his face, his hair a little bit longer.
“So we got about six memories left,” Zidane said.
“You’re covering…” Lance’s voice fell, suddenly at a loss for Zidane’s current age.
“Seven years in six memories,” the crossbreed finished for him. “Most of them are around this time here.”
Lance leaned back in the chair that had been placed for him, wondering what else could be next. They still had a lot to cover, he realized. A heck of a lot to fit in just six memories. There was stuff Zidane still hadn’t answered. 
“Can we go to the zoo?” 
Lance looked up at the sound of Zooka’s voice, seeing she was sitting up on her knees, hands to the couch’s back. Crumbs of the cupcake were sprinkled around her.
Kazuo was one room over, standing in the kitchen that connected to the small apartment. Lance suddenly stopped focusing on the memory, questions from before coming back.
“Wait, hold on.”
Everything froze. Zidane turned away from Zooka, expression focused but smile never leaving his lips.
“What happened to the orphanage?” Lance asked.
Memory flashed onto Zidane’s face. “Oh. Right, sorry. I’m getting ahead of myself.” A grin came to him at this last line, eyes brightening even as he continued on. “Kazuo had to give it up during the two years I was gone. Everyone either got adopted or handed to a new orphanage, but Zooka stayed with him. Kazuo said it was because she wanted to see me again, and maybe part of that’s right—I don’t know—but either way she lived with him for a while.”
“She never got adopted?” Lance asked.
Zidane gave a little shrug. “For most of the time she was there, she didn’t speak. And when she finally did, there was barely a moment where we weren’t together so potential parents grew nonexistent.” He glanced up, seeing Lance’s expression, and looked away again. “I think people realized something was… different about me. I doubt they could really place it; from the outside, I’m sure I looked totally normal. Whatever they felt was something strong enough to keep them away from both of us.”
Lance was quiet for a moment. Then he asked a question he himself didn’t expect.
“Do you think your life would’ve changed, if you were adopted?”
Again, Zidane shrugged. “Wouldn’t have lasted long. One bath—even one attempt to get me to take a bath would’ve backfired completely. Who knows what would’ve happened after that. Shotgun to the face, maybe the bullets miss and I escape, or they turn me in for Area 51 testing.” He looked up to Lance again. “It’s a scenario I’ve considered.” 
The room grew a bit quieter, Zidane’s voice growing softer.
“I think a lot of events, circumstances, appearances in my life have been for the sake of hiding. Like safe houses.” Lance felt Zidane’s energy drift to Zooka, comfortably resting to her. “Not all, though.”
Bright eyes came up, smile returning. “This is one of my favorite memories.”
The scene played again. Kazuo looked up, the newspaper in his hands lowering a little.
“You would like to go to the zoo?” he repeated.
Zooka nodded more than once. “Both of us!”
Kazuo looked to Zidane, who only glanced at Zooka. With that confirmation, the caregiver folding his newspaper and smiled. “Alright then. I’ll grab my things.”
He disappeared as Zidane turned to Zooka, a mischievous smile playing on his face.
“You know in some cultures,” he began, “your name is part of where you were born.”
Zooka hunched over the couch’s back, pressing her mouth against her folded arms and speaking into her skin. “What’d you mean?”
“Like your name. Zooka, zoo. You think you were born there?”
Zooka straightened. “What’re you saying? I wasn’t born in a zoo!” Her face remained worried as she looked behind herself, into the room Kazuo disappeared into.
A moment after his name was called, the caregiver came into view. “Yes?”
“Was I born in a zoo?”
Alarm flashed across his face but the expression immediately died, covered up as he glanced at Zidane, realizing the conversation he had missed. Kazuo smiled at her. “No, Zooka. Of course not.”
Zooka turned back, sitting normally with her legs stretching out. She let out a breath of relief. “Good…”
Kazuo looked down, feeling his pockets, and disappeared back into the other room. Zidane waited until he was gone, and then turned away, feigning nonchalance. “Ah, he’s just being nice. I mean, how could you tell someone that they were born in a zoo?”
“Stop it!” A couch pillow swung, hitting Zidane as he grinned. Despite the playful gesture, Lance could see the sadness in Zooka’s eyes and tell that she really was upset. Maybe not about the joke, but the fact that she really didn’t know where she was born. 
“That’s where she got the nickname Zoo,” Zidane told him. “I still call her that sometimes.”
There was no guilt in his statement; no regret that Lance could feel. Only a warm, sentimental feeling that comes with speaking about an old friend. Lance felt memories of his own begin to appear, barely a thought beginning to arrive when he found himself sitting on a bus. Across from him, Zooka sat in the middle of Kazuo and Zidane. A floppy hat was on her head; a small, disposable camera in both her hands.
“She used to really like taking pictures,” Zidane said. Lance saw a smile on his face; one that wasn’t part of the memory. “It’s funny to see how much she’s changed.”
Lance’s response came without filter. 
What’s she like now? 
Zidane’s eyes brightened. “Quieter,” he replied, and the statement was filled with something Lance couldn’t put an exact emotion to. Appreciation in the highest form.
When Lance looked back, Zidane had changed. Dark eyes were boring into the space behind Lance’s seat. The crossbreed wasn’t looking around, wasn’t bothering to examine to see if anyone was noticing him. He just sat there, slumped down a little with his hands folded across his stomach. Lance sensed he was trying his hardest to ignore Zooka’s quiet humming—for the first time since the two children had met, Zidane was completely distant.
The bus slowed to a stop, the halt moving its passengers in unison. Instantly the bus door opened and a large man waddled up the aisle, sitting next to Zidane with little room to spare. Lance caught a glimpse of light near the man’s jacket pocket. A thin chain was hanging out, arcing out of the pocket with shimmering light reflecting off the metal. 
Zidane seemed to notice at the exact moment Lance did, and his observation was nothing more than a glance from the corner of his eye. The black stare brightened just a little bit.	
The man suddenly took a deep inhalation as his arm rose to his mouth. He coughed loudly, and with a natural grace Zidane’s finger hooked the necklace’s chain and brought it into his lap. His palm dragged against his pants, gathering the chain and hiding it away with the closure of the fingers. 
He didn’t look around, didn’t look to see if any eyes were on him at all. The bus began moving again.
In the next moment, Lance was standing on a sidewalk. Passerbys held his focus for a moment before Zooka and Zidane passed by, Kazuo beside him. Lance caught a glint of light in Zidane’s hand as he turned his fist over, examining the necklace for a moment.
He held his hand out to Zooka, the necklace dangling from two fingers. “Here.”
Zooka stopped walking, looking at the necklace but not saying anything. Soon, Kazuo followed her lead, observing the interaction a few steps ahead.
Zooka met Zidane’s stare. “Where’d you find that?”
The crossbreed’s eyes switched to a lighter shade, an almost shy smile on his face. He motioned to the necklace, urging her to take it. “Someone had it on the bus. I thought you’d like it.”
“That’s stealing!”
Zidane looked away from her worried face, staring back at the necklace before looking back. He motioned for her to take it again. “But I got it for you.”
Focusing further down the street, Zooka stood on her tip-toes as if searching for something. “I wonder if we can give it back. What’d they look like?”
“Some fat guy with a lung problem,” Zidane replied, rolling his eyes. “He was practically asking me to take this.”
Zooka’s attention was trained on him again, one hand to her mouth in shock. A second passed before Lance saw the tears in her eyes. Zidane instantly softened.
“What?” he whispered.
She hugged him. Her head bowed into his shoulder, her hat falling to the ground below them. Zidane’s eyes simply went wide, his emotions blank. His hands stayed at his sides, hands clenched slightly. With a horrible sadness, Lance realized that it had probably been so long he’d simply forgotten how to react—the space between this moment and the last time he’d been held was stretched out between a warzone of hurt.
Zidane’s eyes stayed at a sky blue and stared ahead of him, still shocked.
“What’re you doing?” His voice was distant.
Zooka gently held tighter, eyes shutting a bit more.
“Trying to make the badness go away.”
The emotion from Zidane reached Lance like the aftermath of a nuclear explosion; the moments when the wind sweeps out in a massive wave. But the feeling was warm and kind, and Lance felt like his body was weightless. He felt like he was invincible.
The necklace’s flower pendant hit the ground, its chain coiling around it. Zidane lowered his forehead against her shoulder, electric blue eyes closing to her embrace.

_______________

“Does she know what you are?”
Zidane glanced up, meeting his eyes from across the bus, and then nodded. “She found out about a week later. I was talking to Kazuo late one night, telling him a little bit about where I had been. I was showing him how I could levitate things, and I was lifting up a plate when Zooka came in. I thought she was still mostly asleep when I saw her, but her eyes popped wide and I dropped the plate. I’d been trying as hard as I could to keep her from finding out.”
A smile etched onto Lance’s face, light laughter bubbling into his words as he asked, “What about when you first showed up? She never questioned that fire?”
Zidane copied his smile, giving a one-shouldered shrug. “Thought it was magic. When I did the plate thing, she kept telling me to levitate different things.”
“Sounds a little bossy.”
Zidane only smiled a little more. “She’s changed a lot,” was all he said.
Lance gave a light nod, distracting himself by looking up at the window behind Zidane, watching scenery move by, each passing sign leading them one block away from where he assumed was the zoo. They were headed back, and this realization only made it clear there was only a handful of memories left. Lance looked back, a question falling out of his mouth. 
“Why open up to Kazuo and not her?”
He ignored the quick pang of guilt this statement brought him, wondering if it was too invasive, too personal to ask. But Zidane hunched over, pushing his fingers across his eyes until they met the bridge of his nose. “Kazuo already knew I wasn’t human. If speaking a completely different language when we met wasn’t a hint, then seeing my ears was another clear indication.” He must have sensed Lance’s slight confusion and made a cutting motion a few inches from the side of his hair. “Back when he tried to cut my hair, before I met Zooka, he tried to trim along my ears. By the time I yanked away, the points were already exposed.”
He kept looking down at the bus floor, eyes still black. “But to give you an answer, it was easier to keep going down a path that was already built. I didn’t know how she would react. Honestly, didn’t want to face the risk of being hurt by her rejection or disgust… Whichever.” He swallowed, looking away. “I wasn’t sure I could handle it. I’m still not.”
Lance’s attention hooked onto his statement. “What’re you saying?”
Zidane shook his head, dismissing the question. When his eyes opened again, Lance fell back to the original conversation; the story Zidane was telling. 
“So, she thought it was magic?” he asked, looking back up. 
“Yeah.” A smile came to Zidane’s face, spreading into a grin with his eyes brightening like sunlight appearing behind clouds. “She wanted me to levitate more stuff. I pulled flowers out from behind her ear. It was the first time…” Words escaped him but the smile was still on his face. From the corner of his eye, Lance saw his hands trembling, shaking from excitement. Zidane’s grin became even wider, growing into a full-fledged smile. “I felt accepted.”
	










Chapter Eighteen
Quieter Than Wind

Lance looked up at the expansion of black. It was calming, seeing all those stars decorating the sky. They reminded him of city lights.
The quiet rush of cars and traffic floated up as Lance looked ahead. Zidane and Zooka were close by, bodies pointed in opposite directions and heads beside one another, the flat landscape of the rooftop allowing them to lie down and look up at the night sky. Lance wasn’t surprised by the fact both of them were there; if anything, he was softly comforted by it. The buzz of the traffic below them suddenly vanished, the sound fading like a tide moving pulling back from the shore.  
“You’re not an alien, right?”
“No, Zoo.” The smile in Zidane’s voice was unavoidable. “I’m not an alien.”
“Good.”  Zooka’s head rested against Zidane’s, her stare still on the sky. “It’d be weird if you had extra fingers.”
Zidane let out a single, quiet laugh. “My tail doesn’t count?”
“I like your tail.” Zooka reached up, Zidane’s tail rising to be held. “It’s soft.”
Zidane’s eyes shined even against the darkness. 
“Thanks.” 
Lance noticed a smile of his own on his face, not bothering to cover it up. He had seen too much, experienced too much, to ignore the relief.
Zooka turned her head a little bit, enough to see Zidane’s eyes out of the corner of her own. “Where’d you come from, then?”
“Um…” Zidane thought hard. “Really, really far underground.”
“Oh.” A moment later, she spoke again. “Why?”
“It’s better that way,” Zidane replied after a brief pause of his own. “It’s safer.”
“Can I go there?”
Zidane shook his head and Lance could tell the gesture was painful for him. 
“Not right now.” His mouth opened again, then closed, whatever words he wanted to add remaining unspoken.
The silence traveled into seconds and then, quietly, Zidane spoke again.
“There’s parts of it you’d like,” he said. “There’s animals you’ve never seen and foods you’ve never tried. The sky’s different, too.”
Lance felt the smile on Zooka’s face. “I like our sky.”
“I like our sky, too.”
Lance felt drawn to look back up again. He ignored it, staying focused in front of him, taking in the light feeling the moment brought. Everything seemed weightless, the city perfectly balanced between a sky of black and the glow of lights below.
Zidane sat up, his tail pulling away from Zooka’s grasp. He turned around, a crinkle in his eye as he smiled at Lance.
“This memory doesn’t count. Personal side-note.”
“Yeah, that’s fair,” Lance said with light sarcasm. He grinned, the memory’s atmosphere drawing him to his surroundings again. “I can see why you picked it, though.”
“It’s one of those moments I’ve always cherished.” Zidane turned, looking over the city. “Everything was on pause for a while. There wasn’t anyone else up here; no one I had to hide from…”
Keep your guard up for, Lance added.
“Yeah.” The thought must have been loud enough for the crossbreed to hear it. Lance felt the smile come onto Zidane’s face as he spoke again. “Maybe that’s why I’m so willing to go through everything else that’s happened in my life. I know moments like these are coming up.” 
Another emotion came; a light feeling that Lance could only describe as bliss. His attention came back to him, stare moving up to see Zidane had turned back to face him. 
Pale blue eyes fell to the ground in response, their color slowly draining as he spoke. “So, if it’s alright with you I’m going to skip ahead a little bit. It’s just—the memories I have after this are fairly personal. Zooka, she taught me a lot… about a lot of things.” A small, tremble traveled up his stomach, but the emotion spilled over into a grin. “She still does.”
Lance managed to nod, trying his best to detangle a knot in his stomach. He fought back the feeling of discomfort, listening as Zidane continued on, his voice leveling out into a casual seriousness.
“Since the orphanage closed down, Kazuo didn’t have any work. Any savings he had went to keeping the kids healthy and happy, so when it shut down we were living off money from his friends and those that worked in the orphanage before. He’d get these checks in the mail, but eventually they stopped coming. I did what I could to help, but there wasn’t a lot because I wasn’t thieving anymore.”
Lance thought back to the memory with the necklace, and Zidane smiled at his surprise.	
“So you were completely done?” Lance asked. “How’d you get out of it?”
“Oh, I was definitely still in. We didn’t travel outside much, but during the times that we did, I guess someone recognized me and told Arzo I was back. He showed up, didn’t ask any questions, and I went back to breaking into people’s houses. I wasn’t stealing, though. Not in the literal sense. Back then it was tough for me to clone anything; whatever I tried to duplicate wasn’t good enough to pass for a total copy. So I had to spark the people I took the food from. Make them come up with another way to get more money, or give them an idea on how to take better care of their kids.” He shrugged, eyes dimming a little. “It was a tradeoff, I guess.”
Lance thought about Zooka. “Is that something she taught you?” he asked, finding himself unable to say her name directly.
Zidane nodded. “It’s one of them. I still hated taking everything, though.”
Quieting, Lance wondered if Zidane was still thieving at his current age. But he’d already asked that question, back when Arzo had first been introduced. He hadn’t gotten an answer.
“So what do you do now?” 
“I clone,” Zidane answered. “Make a copy of whatever I take, keep that copy active until it’s been eaten or used up.” He raised a hand, rubbing an eye with his palm. “It takes a lot of energy, but there are ways around it.”
“So you never got out.”
Zidane let his hand fall, and in the moment where his eyes turned black, his voice came to Lance’s mind.
“I still have a reason for staying.”
The scenery in front of him was swept away, a small kitchen taking its place. Lance sat at the head of the table, Zooka to his left and Zidane to his right. Across the table near the sink, scrubbing a dish with a small amount of soap, was Kazuo. Zooka got down from the table, taking her half-eaten plate with her. A few feet away from Kazuo, she stopped walking.
“Kazuo?”
“Yes, Zooka?” Kazuo turned around, the plate he held dripping with water.
Zooka lifted her plate up to him. “You didn’t eat anything.”
The caregiver gave a weak smile before turning back. “I’m alright.” He grabbed a nearby rag, drying the plate. “It’s important for you to eat.”
“But I saved some for you…”
“I’m alright, my dear.” 
Lance’s focus was drawn to Zidane, who stared down at his plate, flattening the last piece of broccoli with his fork. 
“So our living conditions weren’t great,” he told Lance. “This went on for a little while; we survived for another month until Kazuo sent us somewhere else.” Steel blue eyes met his. “You’ve noticed that jacket I wear, right? You’ve seen the symbol on it?”
It took Lance a moment to retrace, pull himself out of everything Zidane and shown him and go back to his own memories. He remembered seeing a glimpse of the symbol, when Zidane rose from the cabin’s couch and began walking towards the connected kitchen. 
“Some kind of medical symbol, right?”
“Half right.” The symbol Lance was trying to remember appeared in the air; the one with a rod and two snakes twisting around it, wings displayed proudly at the top. The symbol began shifting, morphing into something else. The rod was replaced with a slim rifle, the wings becoming larger and more frayed. Even still, they were presented proudly. Fiercely. 
“MOCT. I told you a little bit about it. Back when you didn’t trust me.”
Lance barely matched his grin, feeling a little bit of guilt touch his stomach. 
Zidane rubbed his hands together, continuing on. “So, basically it’s a training system that takes every medical profession—doctors, nurses—and puts them under well-rounded combat training. And takes every profession that has to do with combat training, and puts them under medical training.”
Lance leaned back in his chair, trying to figure out the point. “Creating the perfect soldier, right?” he asked, remembering.
“Yeah, exactly, creating a perfectly-balanced soldier. Someone they can pick up and say, ‘Hey, you’re doing surgery’ and maybe a few days later use the same person and assign them to go to combat.” Zidane waved a hand. “Supposedly it’s a better war tactic. I don’t ask too many questions.”
“So how’d you get put in there?”
“Well, before Kazuo was a caregiver, he was a medic. He was one of the first people to test the system out. I’m not sure how deep he got into the combat side of it besides doing what he had to do for his training, but he’s well-known enough to ask for some pretty big favors. We didn’t have anywhere else to go, so he got us in a few months after this.” He gestured to the table—the scene—around them. Lance looked to Zooka, more than a little concerned. His attention went back to Zidane. “You guys were what, ten?”
“Eleven,” Zidane corrected with a grin. “And we didn’t start the actual training until we were around fourteen. Everything before that was going through a general education program with a bit of an introduction into our fields.”
“Can’t really imagine her being there,” Lance said, speaking a little more to himself as he looked to Zooka again.
“I know.” With his elbows still on the table, Zidane pushed his hands through his hair; his ears were exposed for a moment, the odd shape of the rounded tear-drop point putting a twist in Lance’s stomach. Zidane’s hands passed and the hair fell back into place as he continued speaking. 
“She instantly went to the medical field. Wasn’t sure what she wanted to do but she knew she wanted to save lives instead of take them.” He reached one hand out, and it was then Lance noticed there was a flower sitting in a vase. Oddly enough, the flower hadn’t bloomed, its petals shut tightly into a small bud. The back of Zidane’s finger brushed along the flower, his skin barely making contact before the petals windmilled out, exposing a soft-looking center that was surrounded by the large wings of petals.
Zidane’s hand rested below, resting on the table. “I went into SWAT. My trainer introduced me to it, said I’d be a good match.” He drew back his hand, straightening his slumped posture and looking down. He gave a weak shrug. “I was fine with it. All of it’s just a convenient way to blend in. Pretty long training period, too, so it’s a good way to kill time.”
“What’s after the training?”
A sad smile came to Zidane.
“That’s something I’m still working on.”
He faded away, both him and Zooka reappearing on opposite sides of the kitchen table. Zooka leaned forward, having to stand up in her chair for her fork to reach Zidane’s plate. She stabbed into his eggs, earning a smile and a playful fight with forks. A sudden thud hit the window.
As the scene faded, voices came to Lance. Zooka, her’s a light whine.
“It’s gone, Kazuo… Can we fix it?”
Through the darkness, Lance saw silhouettes standing outside a tall apartment complex. The tallest figure shook its head. 
“I’m afraid not, my dear.”
The second-shortest figure looked up, Zidane’s voice appeared out of a white mouth. “Can we bury it?”
The tallest figure nodded, placing a hand on Zidane’s head. “That, we can do.”
The street and its occupants faded, a small fully-colored yard coming into view. Lance walked forward, stopping a few feet away from the makeshift grave. Zidane stepped forward, placing the bird’s limp body into the hole as Zooka turned in towards Kazuo’s leg, sobbing into the denim.
“Death touches all of us differently,” Zidane told Lance. “Kazuo told me that after the burial.”
Lance nodded solemnly, watching the grave as he saw Kazuo turn to Zidane.
“Would you like to say a few words?”
The crossbreed simply shook his head, eyes dimming significantly. For a moment, the jawline, the nose, the eyelashes—everything reminded Lance of Kyrene. A sick twist wrung his stomach, and he swallowed it all down.
Kazuo bowed his head, leading the two in a Buddhist prayer. Lance found himself listening along, head bowing and eyes eventually closing.
“May Buddha take this life and transform it,” Kazuo finished.
Lance’s eyes opened, mind only seeing Kyrene’s bloodied face. Her limp body. This wasn’t fair...
Another memory came back to him. Zidane’s voice, his words.
“Trust me when I say my life gets better. I need you to remember that, okay?”
When? Lance returned, the word almost slipping from his lips.
An energy began to drift into Lance’s realm of feeling. A force that gently pulled his stare up, directed it at Zooka.
“It’s always been her. She’s my beacon of light, no matter what happens; no matter how dark it gets. She’s the light that keep shining.”
A tension curled Lance’s stomach, but he did his best to ignore it. He just simply nodded, and the scene changed yet again.
He stood at the front of the house this time, turning around to see the door was wide open, the three standing at the entranceway. Kazuo looked especially sad, and Lance barely had to look in Zooka’s direction to know she was softly crying.
Zidane stood beside both of them, eyes cast down to the porch beneath his feet. His sneakers shifted, baggy pants swaying at the holed knees, and his hands slipped into the pocket of his sky-blue hoodie.
Lance’s stare shifted, going to Kazuo as he bent down, hugging Zooka. He saw Zidane’s gaze flick to somewhere behind Lance, and upon turning the human noticed a black SUV pulled up to the curve, a man clad in sunglasses standing beside it.
Zidane was next to hug Kazuo, and the caregiver’s voice drifted to Lance, amplified by the mind he was in.
“Never forget your strength.”
Zidane’s eyes dimmed, cheek pressed against Kazuo’s shoulder. A blink, and Lance nearly expected tears to float to the surface of navy eyes.
They pulled apart, small hands dropping from weary shoulders, and with a muted groan, Kazuo stood once again.
“Take care of each other.”
The children nodded, Zooka keeping her hand by her mouth. A mouth, Lance noticed, that was set in a shaking frown. His heart tore, and he muted a sigh from his nose, shifting his weight to one side. Nothing he could do, he told himself.
Zidane’s foot stepped back, body and face turning towards the parked SUV. Lance turned with him, seeing the bodyguard in front of it shift a little, clearing his throat.
It was time to go.
Zidane looked up to Kazuo, and the caregiver only offered him a smile in return. Putting a hand on his hair affectionately.
“You’ll do well,” he said, already convinced of this fact. “You both will.”
Zidane simply nodded, the motion slight, his eyes downcast. 
Zidane and Zooka both stepped out, descending down the steps. In his older voice, Zidane spoke to Lance.
“Kazuo passed away a few years ago, when Zoo and I were about fifteen.” Sadness edged his words, a choking grief that rode underneath his voice. They started down the walkway, and with a heavier emotion, Zidane added, “She’s still taking it pretty hard.”
At the thought of wanting to get nearer, Lance was moved past the steps and began walking towards them.
“Was it sudden?”
“Yeah, a little bit.” Zidane’s voice grew hoarse; he cleared his throat. Lance waited for him to continue on, but only the sounds of his and Zooka’s footsteps came.
There’s way too much pain…
Lance stopped walking. He looked away, feeling the air against his skin, trying to come up with any other thought besides that one. When he spoke, his words were quieter than wind; light, unable to truly be much use against anything.
“I’m sorry…”
Zidane and Zooka stood at the end of the walkway, their feet at the start of the sidewalk. The memory continued on. Lance was teleported to a better angle, standing off to the side of the car. He could see Zooka’s face, the worry etching lines between her brows. She looked back, and though Kazuo gave a kind smile, Lance could see his worry as well. Zidane straightened his posture, glancing at her hand before he took it in his.
“It’s okay.”
Zooka’s hand responded automatically; her five fingers taking hold of his as well. She looked to him, the worry barely fading from her face. Despite the blue in Zidane’s eyes fading, and despite the slight smile on his face, he leaned over and reached out his other hand, wiping the lines between her brows with a thumb as though it were a smudge on her face. Zooka laughed, using one hand to cover her mouth. Zidane’s eyes brightened, his hand giving hers a light, reassuring squeeze.	








Chapter Nineteen
Found

The room Lance stood in was a sterile, hospital white. Memories threatened to come back, at first, tearing at his consciousness like demons with claws. Yet, he focused on the bed’s occupant, something that seemed too out of place. 
The longer Lance stared at Zooka lying in that stark white bed, the more painful it became. Zidane’s distress wasn’t helping; he hadn’t spoken from his seat close by her bed, hunched over with his hands peeking through the front of his hair, palms pressed against his forehead and above his eyes. He’d grown older, now at the age of fifteen, and Lance recognized the style of the uniform he wore as the same as the one he currently owned. Dark grey with the nearly-white MOCT symbol on the back. 
Realizing this was only a temporary distraction, so as the seconds ticked on, Lance thought of another one. New information had been fed to him when the memory started, coming into his brain as a string of thoughts. How Kazuo had been registered as Zooka’s legal guardian, and Zidane—for many reasons along with a heavy intuition—had altered his own papers to leave the guardianship blank and keep it that way. He had set a spark on that blank space, making it so anyone who either saw or thought about it, would view that space as perfectly normal. His “legal” last name was added to the papers, which was sparked along with his first name. To the human eye and brain, all of it was nothing to glance twice at.
Lance paused, the reflection stopping as he tried to remember what exactly Zidane’s full name was. Something Ezyta had called him during their time together…
Lesyee. He stretched it out, pronouncing it again. Lee-sigh. Translates to ‘a thousand faces.’
Lance looked up, staring at the crossbreed that still hadn’t moved, trying to figure out why in the hell he would brand himself with the name of someone who had betrayed him so badly.
I was hoping to get answers by doing this, Lance thought. Here I am just getting more confused.
“I hate this.” Zidane’s hands dropped, falling down to his lap. His eyes closed, shut tight as if he couldn’t bear to look at the sight before him. Lance kept his own gaze away, focusing on anything he could. He was staring at the back legs of Zidane’s chair when another voice spoke, coming from behind Zidane.
“I know you do.” An older woman shifted, straightening in her chair and crossing her legs. Her eyes were open, regarding Zooka’s state with a professional seriousness. Then she sighed, demeanor lost. “I’m hoping this is going to be the last one. She can’t keep passing out like this.”
Lance could feel the guilt coming from Zidane, a sour feeling that spread from his chest to his mouth. He even tried to influence her this time, give her a push, let her know she was strong enough to fight this. The guilt dropped to his stomach. She was strong enough to fight anything—he’d seen it every time he looked at her, every second he was around her. Why hadn’t he said any of that instead?
The older woman shifted in her chair, resting an elbow on the back of her seat. “You know you can’t blame yourself. She’s got a fear of blood, among other things. This is a tough place for someone like her, but she’ll get through it. She’s made it this far.”
“With thirteen trips here.” 
The guilt in Zidane’s gut burned like acid. The woman looked to Zooka, then raised a palm to her eye, roughly wiping along the side of it. “She’ll get through it.” 
A moment past before the arm against the back of the chair dropped and the woman checked her watch. “I’m gonna go grab some coffee. You want anything?”
Zidane shook his head, giving a rehearsed, “I’m good.”
“She’d want you to have something.” The woman’s hand found Zidane’s shoulder as she passed by. “Don’t think I’ve ever seen you eat when she’s like this…”
This got a small, sarcastic smile, but his voice was level when he spoke. “I’ll have something when she wakes up.”
“Well, alright…” Stretching one arm, the woman headed towards the door. “Lemme know if she wakes up, alright? I’ll keep my phone on.”
Zidane gave a quiet agreement, and as soon as the woman had crossed into the doorway, she stopped and turned around. Zidane looked up, surprised as he met her eyes.
“You know she appreciates you, right?”
He looked down, and despite Lance feeling a cloud loom over him, he didn’t see Zidane’s eyes darken. They stayed the same constant shade of medium blue.
“I know,” Zidane replied, looking back to her. He gave a smile that barely reached his eyes. “Thanks, Kim.”
Kim nodded and turned back, knocking on the doorframe. “Let me know.” She went through the doorway, disappearing from view.
In the space of seconds, minutes stretched on.
The soft sound of a phone vibrating cut through the silence. Lance watched Zidane take a small device out of his pocket, recognizing it as an incredibly outdated cell phone. The crossbreed read the text message; the screen of the phone coming into view above his head. Just a text from Zooka’s mentor saying she wouldn’t be back for another few hours. Work meetings.
Zidane’s reply appeared onto the screen, but with a quick glance down, Lance saw his hands weren’t moving at all. There was a soft smile on his face though.
Glad you didn’t get me any coffee :) I’ll let you know when she wakes up.
The text was sent, again without a single movement from Zidane. A moment later, a polite reply came back. The phone was returned to Zidane’s loose pockets, and when his hand withdrew, his fingers were holding something even smaller than his phone.
The contact case levitated, lids unscrewing themselves as Zidane raised a hand to his eye. His ring finger pulled down his lower-lid, allowing his pointer and middle to pinch a contact out of his eye. As the thin lens came off, the color of Zidane’s eyes shifted. Lance watched, keeping his focus on the color as Zidane removed the other lens.
His eyes were nearly black.
The lids of the contact case replaced themselves, the small container dropping into Zidane’s waiting hand before being pocketed again. He settled back into the chair, head leaning back towards the ceiling. Lance knew a few hours had sped by when he noticed Zooka was moving on the bed beside Zidane.
He got the sense that nearly a half-hour had gone by without Zidane moving from his seat. Lance felt a rise in his chest, like something small had taken a breath, as he saw Zooka’s eyes open, her hand rise up to her head.
Zidane’s head lifted, a slight surprise coming to his expression. He sat up instantly, watching Zooka gradually push herself upright.
Zidane was immediately by her bedside, hand covering the spot she was reaching for. For some reason, Lance silently fought the energy that rose up into the room. He knew it was from Zidane’s healing, so why was it making him want to shift away?
The shy smile on Zooka’s face sidetracked his thoughts, and immediately Lance was standing a few steps away from the foot of the bed. This position was short-lived; something new and feral-like was quietly burning from Zidane. Lance could only get the sense that it might not have been part of the memory before he teleported himself back to his starting position. He remained watching closer from his mind’s eye.
The memory resumed and Zooka’s smile completed.
“You always heal my headaches.”
“You get too many of them,” Zidane stated quietly, and again Lance felt his guilt.
“One’s too many for you.”
Zidane’s hand lifted, his thumb gently stroking her hair before it left. The action seemed automatic, and he briefly raised his eyebrows in a silent agreement to her statement.
Zooka sat up, movements careful, and Lance had to pull himself back to normal vision as she came into his view. That warm lightning struck him again, stunning him for just a moment. She definitely wasn’t a kid anymore.
She moved her knees towards her chest, hands finding her face as Zidane spoke again, regarding her with quiet worry.
“Anything else besides the headache?”
Zooka shook her head and wrapped her arms around her knees. She met Zidane’s eyes for the first time, and instantly Lance saw the shift of blue. He could almost feel something else, some distant strike of emotion, but promptly ignored it.
“What happened?” Zooka was asking.
Zidane delicately flipped her question. “What do you remember?”
“I remember…” Zooka’s mouth gradually pressed against her knees, brows close together in thought. Then they separated. “There was blood. There was a lot of it.”
She fell back onto the bed, hands on her hairline and elbows together. 
“I fainted again, didn’t I?”
Nodding, Zidane looked down at his hands. “Yeah…” This time, Lance didn’t ignore the distant thoughts he was receiving. How Zidane had tried to fight her fear, but there was something blocking him. Something powerful.
Zooka laid on her side facing the wall, arms in the same position.
“I’m never gonna pass this…”
Zidane shifted over to sit on the edge of her bed. “You’ll pass this, Zoo.” His tail swept out from behind him, gently moving up and over her side, twisting to slip into the hand waiting for him. She turned onto her side, holding onto the thin limb like a child holding onto a security blanket. The long limb moved, a wave rocking through it and stopping at Zooka’s hand. She smiled, making a smile appear on Zidane’s face as well. 
Moments passed, but to Lance the space was nothing more than a single second instead of many. 
“Zidane?”
Zidane leaned forward, hands folded by his mouth, and while his smile dropped a little, his tail wiggled in her grasp. Playful, and this must have been what made her laugh like that.
“What is it, Zoo?”
“I… Need help with something.” In the space of a moment, her demeanor changed. These words were reaching out from deeply kept worry. She turned onto her back and then sat up, Zidane’s tail pulling away from her as she let go. Her hands rose behind her neck, and it was then Lance noticed a pendant hanging. The same one Zidane had shown him; the one too rusted to display anything but her current name and a possible birth date. 
The necklace unlatched from her neck and she extended it out to Zidane. He watched the tag swing, his silence filling the space before she spoke.
“Take it.” Her voice broke at the end.
Zidane’s eyes grew darker, and his hand reached forward, gently hooking the chain with two fingers and lifting it away. Zooka’s hand returned to her lap, both Lance and Zidane patiently waiting for an explanation. It came in a quiet voice, not as broken as before.
“They would’ve found me by now. If they wanted…” The remained caught itself in her throat. She leaned forward, hands in her hairline again, pushing up the brown strands. “I keep thinking, every day I wake up and I keep hoping that maybe today’s the day. Maybe they’ll realize how much they miss me, and they’ll call. They’ll get in touch with someone, and come looking for…” A small whine replaced the word she could not say, curving her voice downwards before a sob choked out of her. Her grip on her hair tightened. “I can’t. I can’t do it anymore. I can’t keep hoping.” 
Zidane sat on the bed, turning around with his knees fanned out, gently murmuring her name as he did so. He reached out, and she complied with no resistance as she melted into his embrace, her head against his shoulder. She had been reduced to a shell, every emotion drained from the years they’d been building up. 
With his mouth against her hair, Zidane held her closer, his eyes gently shutting as her sobs rocked through them both. They stayed like that, pain etched into his expression as Lance felt his own pain. The seconds kept ticking, and still Lance felt no relief from the block of lead in his chest. He kept looking, kept waiting for something else to happen. He didn’t care what it was; just as long as she wasn’t crying anymore. The fact that Zidane wasn’t doing much sparked a heat in his stomach, and Lance had to clench his teeth in order to keep the words from slipping out. 
And then the heaving sobs slowly faded, and the sounds Lance could only describe as agonizing became muffled until they were part of the silence. Zidane moved for the first time in what seemed like a long while, doing nothing but pulling away slightly, Zooka following his lead. Zidane’s hands cupped her face, his forehead resting against hers and pressing forward, the space between his brows creasing. Nuzzling against her, trying to fill the silence with words he couldn’t speak. His thumbs moved, wiping away the tear tracks and streaks of sadness. Clearing the agony from her face.
Zooka sniffled, lip trembling as she too closed her eyes. They stayed like that, in blissful silence, words coming to Lance in waves of emotion
I’m here.
It’s okay.
It’s okay.
It’s okay. 
Zooka didn’t move, staying where she was for another few moments before the hands half-clutching Zidane’s jacket fully relaxed, falling down a few inches. Pulling his Zidane gently lowered his hands, taking both of hers between his. Zooka looked down, staring at their hands together with red-blotched eyes, while Zidane’s attention remained on her face. He watched her attention come to full-focus as his thumbs moved, delicately brushing along the skin of her fingers. Moving up in an arch; soft, quiet, honoring. Zooka smiled, looking up at him and causing the blue in his eyes to appear again. Lance felt an unease in his chest, like part of him wanted to step away from the memory. But he didn’t; something kept him there, rooted right where he was. 
Zidane’s hand lifted, fingertips trailing down her face and coming to a point upon reaching the corner of her lips. The Spiro equivalent of a kiss. 
Zooka smiled, her eyes dropping, studying the sheets between them before rising again. Leaning forward, connecting her lips to Zidane’s. His eyes closed, hiding the electric blue away, and Lance could only stand there. Feeling the immense emotion, the shockwave of lightning in his chest again. An anger rose up, from somewhere deep in his gut. An emotion he didn’t dare put a name to. 
The room faded into an expansion of white. Zidane stepped in front of Lance, the brightness of his eyes quickly fading.
“You okay?” the crossbreed asked. 
“Yeah.” Lance pushed his hands through the sides of his hair, palms stretching the sides of his eyes. “Fine. Are we done?”
Please, a voice inside his head sneered. Make it more obvious.
He silenced it, denying the possibility, and watched Zidane hold up two fingers. “Last two.”
“Just two?” Lance asked, though he was surprised there were any memories left at all.
Zidane nodded, and as Lance returned the silent agreement, he used the transition to compose himself. The darkness of night helped, and soon there was barely a thought of how he’d been stressed at all. With part of his mind there, he scanned the room in front of him, noting the bare walls and a few framed photos on a desk. All of them were of Zidane and Zooka, mostly when they were younger. Kazuo was in one of them, a map in one hand and a backpack armed with water bottles hooked through both shoulders. Zidane was next to him, the hug Zooka was giving him causing a grin so wide his eyes shut. Behind the circular stone bench they sat on was a zoo habitat.
Lance felt his intuition directing him to the right, his stomach dropping a little upon seeing a wide bed and connecting it with the previous memory.
“Not what you’re thinking of,” Zidane said, a bitterness inside his words.
Shoving back the embarrassment, Lance looked a little closer, seeing that there was indeed only one person sleeping. In the space of a moment, Lance felt the energy in the room shift like a small vacuum was pulling air molecules up towards the ceiling in a slight arc. This pathway wasn’t something Lance saw, but despite this a figure stepped out. The room was dark and the more he tried to look at who was standing there, the darker everything became. Noticing this, he relaxed and the room brightened just enough to see the tall figure raise a hand to its mouth. 
Zidane awoke. He didn’t move, keeping his eyes closed and his breath at a normal rate. Lance could feel his energy reaching, trying to sense who was there. When the energy found a match, confusion and pain stabbed into him. Light came from the ceiling, and Lance’s eyes widened. Adelah stood there, and she had changed during the ten year absence, her hair a mess of medium-length spikes. Lance could only think of Cal, that stupid goofy grin on his best friend’s face.
He blinked back the tears wanting to form, focusing on Adelah again. Her hand was over her mouth, covering a smile.
“Konachi…”
Zidane sat upright, his eyes wide and crazed with fear. One hand shot out, and Lance felt the transference of energy, quick flashes going back and forth. It lasted less than a second, ending as Zidane’s chest visibly deflated in a heavy exhale. There was more pain in his eyes than any other time, and beneath it all there was a cry of desperation. A pleading. 
Another type of energy rose from Adelah, a soft and soothing feeling that held a bit of flame. It reached out, trying to surround Zidane. Invisible sparks fought the energy back, quick snaps of fear and brief anger that quickly turned to sadness. All at once, both sets of energy dispersed, moving out into the room like fireflies until thinning away into something Lance could barely feel. Zidane’s empty voice came into the room.
“I thought you were dead…”
“I know.” Adelah was just as quiet.
Bringing his knees towards his chest, Zidane ran both hands through his hair, keeping his palms against his face. “This isn’t real.”
The Razalek in front of him almost laughed. “What are you talking about, Konachi? Of course—”
“No.” Zidane threw the sheets off and walked out of the room, hands interlinked behind his neck. “You’re not here.”
Adelah gave a light sigh, and Lance suddenly stood in the doorway of a closet, looking in on a narrow bathroom. The sink furthest from him was running at full blast, and as Zidane half-tossed water onto his face, Lance noticed the markings on his arms and hands were exposed for the first time. His tail was out as well, the end of it spiking further as Zidane straightened, holding the sides of his hair with wet hands. His eyes stayed shut, and through the mirror Lance could see the faint crescents underneath his eyes. 
A step away from the bathroom, Adelah sat down in a chair Lance couldn’t see. “He… He asked about you the other day. He said how nice it would be to see you again. It’s been a long time, Konachi.”
The pain of hearing his birth name again was barely a flick compared to the emotion rising. It was a type of weightlessness, something Lance couldn’t name. Zidane stayed frozen, though his eyes brightened to a sky blue. After a long moment, he swallowed, the color dying as he shook his head.
“It’s not enough that you show up like this but you lie straight to my face, too.”
“Nachi!” Adelah stood up, but with mirth in his eyes Zidane pointed a finger at her.
“Don’t you dare,” he said. “Don’t you dare call me that, Adelah.”
Adelah’s mouth closed, and she took a moment to regard him. Right then, she looked small, weak for someone so tall.
“Alright.” The word was barely audible. “I’m sorry.”
They stood in silence for a long moment, Zidane looking at the corner of the bathroom’s closet doorway and Adelah looking at the floor a few feet beside her. Her eyes rose, regarding the spikes in Zidane’s normally soft looking tail.
“I know you’re scared,” she said, looking to the eyes avoiding hers. 
She stopped talking, allowing Zidane to say what she wasn’t.
“I’m not going back there, Adelah,” he said, finally looking to her. “There’s no way I’m going wherever you want me to go. I’m sorry if your happy little life isn’t entirely perfect—”
“Konachi, I just want—”
Her voice stopped, like she expected Zidane to interrupt her. He didn’t, seeming almost surprised as he motioned for her to continue. “Please, Adelah, tell me! Tell me what’s not perfect in your life! Tell me how hard it’s been for you these past ten years. ‘Cause judging from your clothes”—Two fingers found a space above his earlobe—”and that nice wedding ring on your ear, you’ve been having a really tough time!”
Lance looked to Adelah’s ear, noticing the second piercing on her right lobe. The stone was small and white, crystallized and sharp-looking. Expensive.
Adelah raised a hand to her mouth. “I’m sorry.”
Zidane threw his hands up to his head, turning around with an audible inhale. 
“I know it’s been hard, Konachi.” Lance felt the sharp flinch Zidane gave at his birth name. “I can’t imagine living in a place like this. But I sent you here for a reason.”
Zidane turned back, listening as she continued.
“This was safe. That’s what I thought of when I teleported you. Safe.”
After a moment of consideration, Zidane shook his head. “I nearly died four times before I was eight, Adelah.”
She didn’t respond, instead letting the silence speak for her. Telling how, if she hadn’t been there, he wouldn’t be here. How ‘nearly’ was the key word in that statement. She was the reason they were standing here, and one of those four times she had saved him. But within moments of this realization, Zidane was shaking his head again. He brought his hands up to his face, running them up and down as if he was trying to wake himself up again.
“Look,” he began, “I get it. Totally understand. Why you showed up now, I don’t know.” His arms rose out, giving up. “But it’s great. So thanks for letting me know you’re alive.”
Adelah straightened her posture, stare not meeting Zidane’s. 
“It took us a long time,” she said. “After… what happened. We had to sort through everyone that had passed, trying to find survivors. And then relocating. Helping Father—recover.” 
Zidane’s eyes grew black at this last statement, though out of sadness or anger Lance couldn’t tell. Adelah continued on with a small shake of her head.
“I know you’re upset, but it was hard on all of us, Konachi.”
“And it just took you ten years to decide to come find me again.”
Adelah sighed, putting a hand over her eye. “I couldn’t re-link to your mind. I don’t know why or how, but I couldn’t hear anything from you. I thought...” She covered her mouth, eyes watering a little. “And then a few days ago I felt something. It was powerful and wonderful and I knew it was from you. So I tracked the energy to here.”
There was something she wasn’t telling him, some explanation she was side-stepping, but Zidane didn’t ask. Lance sensed from the color of his eyes that he already knew what it was. The crossbreed shook his head again.
“Thanks for thinking of me again,” he said quietly, unconvincingly. 
“Konachi, please.” Adelah stepped forward, hand half-raised towards him. “He really does want to see you again.”
Zidane shut his eyes tight, putting a fist against his mouth. An incredible amount of anger was burning from him, and despite this Adelah spoke again.
“Just come back. Just for a day. You’ll see how much he’s changed.”
Zidane’s jaw set, teeth pressing together. His voice rang out in a thought that Lance sensed Adelah pick up on as well.
	I swear Adelah, lie to me again and I will break your teeth.
“How do you know that’s a lie?” she cried out.
“Oh please, Adelah!” Zidane matched her anger. “Like I can’t pick up on the twenty different emotions you put out whenever you say that. You think I’m stupid?”
The Razalek’s anger drained out of her expression, and for a moment she was quiet.
“I don’t think you’re stupid.”
“Just dumb enough not to notice how bad of a liar you are, right?”
Adelah avoided looking at him. “I… Didn’t think… I didn’t know you could…” Lance could tell what wanted to come out of her mouth—how she didn’t know Zidane could sense her emotions and energy, but that too was a lie. Their brief exchange when Adelah appeared was enough proof.
Zidane let out a long breath through his nose, and released the sink’s edge. He turned around, leaning against it and roughly shook his head. Lance could tell he was trying to get the anger out, reminding himself that this wasn’t the person he wanted to be. Soon, his posture became less tense, the hands gripping the counter relaxing. His eyes opened, staring down at the floor in front of him.
“Why’d you really come here, Adelah?”
A drop in Adelah’s emotions—the feeling nothing more than a flash before Zidane looked at her, eyes wide. He brought his hands to his face, moving them as if he were once again trying to wake himself up.
“Shit, I thought I was wrong when I first said that.” He looked to her again and then lean forward to peer at her in disbelief. “Really? That’s your reason for coming.”
Adelah stayed quiet. 
“It was a mixture,” she began, her arms crossed and her eyes away. “Things haven’t been perfect—but I did want to see you, Konachi. I’ve never lied about that.” She stepped forward, watching Zidane eye her. “I’m really glad to know you’re okay.”
The crossbreed forced himself to look away, and Lance felt some emotion crawl into the air. A sinister self-deprecation that fled when Zidane spoke.
“I’m fine. Thanks for checking in.”
Adelah nodded, glancing up towards him. 
“Let me know if there’s anything—”
“Yeah,” Zidane said. “Thanks.”
He didn’t look at her, opting to stare at a spot where the closet wall met the bathroom tile. Adelah studied this before straightening to her full height. She created a point with the fingers of her right hand, and with a subtle glow of her markings, Lance saw a misty ice curl around her fingertips. The mist swirled, soon consuming her arm and then quickly wrapping around the rest of her. The stare of her eyes, the longing inside them, was one of the last things to fade. The mist, however, stayed for a few moments. An offering, an open door that welcomed Zidane to step through. 
He lifted his hand and without looking drew his fingers to a point. The mist shrank and dispersed. The portal had closed.



Chapter Twenty
Behind the Lion’s Eyes

Standing in the white landscape again, Lance looked around, searching for another fade-in. He found none, and soon noticed Zidane walking towards him. The crossbreed stopped after a few feet, hands in his pockets and eyes cast down.
Zidane cleared his throat. “So, this is the last memory.”
“Really?” Lance asked.
Zidane nodded, eyes closing. “Yeah.”
Before Lance could ask what was wrong, he faded out. A playground replaced his presence, and Lance found himself standing in a sandpit. He kicked the sand a little, wondering why he was here, before sensing Zidane fade in.
He looked up, spotting him walking hand-in-hand with Zooka. They looked older, and Lance guessed that this memory couldn’t have been more than a few months old. 
It was a strange sight, seeing Zidane without the markings on his arms. They were gone, as was his tail. Zidane grinned, watching Zooka laugh at something he had said, and leaned towards her, pecking her temple. 
Lance shifted, leaning to one side and slipping his hands in the pocket of his hoodie. It was hot out, that much he could tell from Zooka’s sundress, but the heat wasn’t affecting him. He couldn’t blame the weather on the knot in his stomach.
He tried to focus on Zidane, trying not to take notice of how long Zooka’s legs were, or how smooth they looked, or how ridiculously well that sundress curved along her body. Lance forced himself away from all of it; there was something off about Zidane’s emotions. Something that was withdrawing him even further away than before.
He noticed Zooka’s gaze linger on something to his right, and turning, Lance noticed children at the play structure a handful of feet away from him. He glanced back, forcing down any expression as she softly smiled to herself. Zidane noticed this as well, eyes darting from her to the children, and instantly his eye color began to dim.
She suddenly stopped walking, and after a few feet, Zidane turned around, stopping with their hands stretched out between them. 
“What’s wrong?” he asked, but Zooka’s brow only furrowed further, her eyes downcast.
She stalled for a moment, the single word slipping from her mouth as she looked away. Squeezing Zidane’s hand. Lance sensed him return the pressure, feeling the solidness in his own palm, and watched the crossbreed take a step closer.
“Zoo?”
She looked to him, face heating up and tinging red. 
“You… Can have kids, right?” she asked.
Zidane’s shock overpowered Lance’s. 
“Where’s that coming from?” he asked quietly. 
She shrugged one shoulder, looking away again. 
“Just… Wanted to know.”
He took another step towards her, laughing slightly as he spoke. “Yeah, of course I can. What made you think otherwise?”
Another shrug. 
And then a smile.
“I guess it is a bit silly, huh?” she asked, grinning. 
He shrugged a little, raising their hands to spin her around. 
“Not silly at all,” he responded over her giggling. “It’s curiosity, Zoo.”
She nodded, stopping her spinning. A moment passed between them, and Lance moved, wanting to get closer. His request was granted, and he was placed a half-a-yard away from the couple. The tension in his gut only built up, and he tried to shake it off. 
Something’s wrong.
In a smooth step, Zidane was behind her, arms wrapping around her waist. She grinned, holding his hands again. Zidane leaned forward, and as she turned to face him, he planted a kiss on Zooka’s forehead. And then another one, erasing the lines that had crept up between her brows. She smiled again, holding his hands a little tighter. 
He grinned, nuzzling his nose against hers. Zooka smiled, laughing a little, and with a peck to her forehead, Zidane pulled away. He drew back, lips coming to rest against the crown of her hair. His body remained bowed, hands and arms embracing hers, eyes shut.
When they opened again, Lance felt his breath leave him. He felt a chilling numbness, seeing those black eyes.
Like someone had pierced the sky and brought out the night.
He stayed standing, rooted to the spot as Zidane stared, unfocused. He blinked slowly, that color never going away. If anything... It only got darker.
Lance felt the scene slipping away from him. Everything began to blur, and he fought to hold on. It... It couldn’t end this way.
But all too soon, darkness enfolded him and he felt the cement in his chest, his lungs. Daylight. That’s the first thing he noticed; how the sunlight peeked through folded blinds, striping the table with light.
It shouldn’t be this bright outside.
He stared at an omelet, fork resting on the rim of the plate. A familiar table, a familiar atmosphere. 
Zidane’s voice came to him.
“That was... The first time I ever lied to her.”
The words took more than a moment to register. The way they were spoken, the voice they were coming from... It was too broken, too defeated.
Lance forced himself to do something. He looked up, staring across the table and not recognizing the face. The body was hunched over, the eyes a deeper shade of navy. They closed, the space between the brow furrowing.
“With Razaleks, sex is simple. It’s elementary; females just have to wait, males don’t have to wait at all. Spiros have it even easier. It’s so fucking simple.”
Lance blinked, trying to focus on the words and not how they were spoken. But it was hard, seeing him like this after everything.
Zidane cleared his throat, but the roughness didn’t go away, when he spoke again.
“Because of... What I am... Putting it simply… I’m sexually incompatible.”
Lance felt the shock, and felt it a second time as the words registered.
“What...?”
Zidane shrugged one shoulder, looking away. “I’ve searched for a long time... Been looking for a way to take out my Spiro side, but nothing works. I just want to make her happy, pay her back for all she’s done, and it kills me that I can’t.”
“So...” Lance tried to make the right words form, tried to not mess up. But thoughts left his brain, and he could only fall back on a secondhand embarrassment. He looked away, lightly clearing his throat.
“Why’re you telling me this?”
Ebony eyes rose to meet his.
“You asked why I was here.”
“Why... You’re helping me?” Lance repeated. “This...” A disbelieving smile hitched onto his face. “This is the reason why?”
Those dark eyes grew even darker, and Lance felt like hurting himself. He... He didn’t mean to...
Lance opened his mouth, wanting to apologize, but Zidane spoke again. Still broken. Still so defeated.
“I just want to give her something back. This is the only thing she’s ever asked for...”
I see. Lance kept the thought in, kept it hidden, secret. He didn’t want to mess up again.
“Does she know?” he asked, raising his eyes to the crossbreed.
Zidane shook his head, leaning back in his chair to look at the ceiling. Those eyes blinked; their color didn’t change. “God no,” he said, and a self-depreciating smile came to his face. “If there’s one thing I don’t want her to know, it’s this.”
Lance remained silent, thinking of something else to say. But he only felt that embarrassment rise up to his stomach, his face. What could he do...?
“I’m sorry.” The apology slipped out before he could stop it. And even then, he felt like kicking himself. Too hollow, too insincere.
He gently cleared his throat, looking back to Zidane again. Seeing the crossbreed stare absently at the edge of the table, not seeing much in particular. Or maybe just too pre-occupied with what his brain was forcing him to watch.
Lance cut off a piece of the omelet, quickly taking a bite. “Omelet’s good,” he said through the side of his mouth.
Zidane didn’t smile like Lance expected him to. He simply stayed put, and looked away.
A blink, a few seconds longer than a standard one. And when those eyes opened again, they were a neutral, medium blue.
A smile.
“I’m glad.” He stood, putting both hands in deep pockets. “Lemme know when you’re done, okay? I’ll be outside.”
Lance trapped another bite of the omelet against his inner-cheek, wanting to ask why.
Zidane’s voice came to his head: “More testing.”
Oh.
Lance nodded. “Yeah, sure. Meet you out there.”
Zidane returned his nod with a small smile, walking around the table as Lance thought. He felt his tongue thicken, keeping him from speaking. Keeping him from saying how, during so much of Zidane’s past, he had been desperately hoping. He’d been clawing after the thought that maybe Kyrene was still alive, but as the memories drew closer to Zidane’s current age, that hope was pried from his fingertips.
And here I am, making everything about me.
He took another bite of the omelet, feeling guilt touch his stomach.
Chapter Twenty-One
Seeing Red

Zidane had left the front door open, which Lance knew wasn’t by accident. Staring up from his spot at the table, fork half raised from the completion of his last bite, Lance could tell that by leaving the main exit wide open, the crossbreed was leaving him with a choice. He could go, walk out and… And do what exactly? Despite the fact that Zidane was indeed real, and everything he’d been through just reinforced what was living in the center of the Earth, did Lance still believe there was Spiro inside him?
Guess there’s only one way to find out. He stood, taking the choice to stay as he walked through the door.
And that choice had led him here. Narrowly dodging a boot-clad kick aimed at his head. Lance barely had his hands raised as Zidane finished turning, a slight grin on his face. Staggering back from the surprise, Lance held his breath to keep a spark of anger down. Significantly short temper was a Spiro trait—he learned that soon after these tests had begun, but was that anger coming from him or an influence of the inhuman race inside? He didn’t really want to find out. 
He let out a breath, trying to regain his composure before asking, “You really have to end this with a kick to the head?” 
“You dodged it,” Zidane pointed out; a form of congratulations, almost. “But don’t get your hopes up; we’re not done yet.” 
Fatigue beginning to settle in, Lance sat on the ground. “Yeah, like running three miles isn’t enough.”
“And again, something you did.” Zidane looked to him. “You think you could’ve done that before?”
Lance stopped himself from immediately shaking his head and thought back, trying to block out the emotions. 
“I don’t know,” he said finally. “Maybe, if I really wanted to. But probably not that fast.”
Zidane nodded, and the silence that followed gave Lance a chance to notice he hadn’t even broken a sweat in the hour they’d been out here. 
Seeming to read his mind, Zidane spoke. 
“You’re sweating. That’s a good sign.”
Lance raised a brow. “You don’t sweat?”
“Both sides regulate temperature pretty well. There’s no need for me to.”
Ignoring how weird that was, Lance allowed himself to lie down, breathing and feeling his lungs hurt. Within a few moments, the pain eased away and as if on cue, a water bottle hit the base of his left lung. Air flashed out of his mouth and his brain was too disappointed to formulate a protest. He knew what another water bottle meant.
“Five minutes.” The length of their break. “Last test.”
Still lying down, Lance raised his water in a silent cheers, and when he looked up a moment later, Zidane was gone. Twisting the lid off the bottle, Lance forced himself to sit up, feeling his muscles protest. Everything hurt. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d worked out this hard.
Memories flashed. Bright lights and music nearly deafening, sounds that his guitar was partially responsible for. Moving around like a maniac for an hour and the collective body heat of everyone there made it feel like a sauna. 
Being on stage doesn’t count. He shook the memories away, taking the first sip of water. 
He took his time drinking, sidestepping all of the thoughts that the silence and stillness of the forest invited. He’d spent years here, and the more aware he became of his surroundings, the more moments he remembered. Despite the insecurity in the back of his head, he focused on the water, trying to find interest in the fact that it wasn’t labeled and wondering where Zidane got it. This only lasted for a few seconds before he downed the water and crushed the bottle with his hand. A thought occurred to him; how it was strange to avoid thinking of his life. Or what had been his life. Zidane seemed to have sensed where his thoughts were going; not even a few minutes had passed before Lance heard the crossbreed’s voice inside his own head.
“Ready for the next test?”
Lance sprung at the idea. Yes. Yeah, I’m ready.
Zidane didn’t laugh or even smile at the eagerness. If anything, Lance sensed him take on that mixture of panic and depression. But when the crossbreed spoke again, his voice quiet and calm, nothing to suggest the emotions he’d been transferring. 
“Alright… This is testing your hearing. Nothing too hard. Just listen.”
Listen for what? Lance returned, but no reply was heard.
He stifled a sigh and sat up straight, closing his eyes to get all of his attention on what he was hearing or rather all of the things he wasn’t hearing. Birds. Quiet songs of birds. Lance focused harder, trying to zero in on the blank spaces in between the chirping. 
Then, he heard it. He traced back the noise, could feel his attention zooming past the trees even before the sound of fingers snapping had faded into the silence.
Lance opened his eyes, the brief satisfaction dying. He wasn’t supposed to be happy about hearing that. 
How far away are you, Zidane?
The hesitation was enough for Lance to know the crossbreed was far enough away. 
“I’m a mile away.”
Lance’s reply began with quips of sounds, something to make sense of the shock ringing through him. 
This doesn’t have anything to do with the telepathy-thing? he asked finally. 
“No,” Zidane replied. “I’ll be over there in a minute.”
Lance swallowed. Dammit.
He tried not to think of much, simply counting down the seconds. Forty-nine, forty-eight…
At eighteen, he noticed Zidane step out of a tree, dropping a few feet. One hand rose out from his pocket, covering the back of his neck as he thought. Finally, he sat down in front of Lance. He pulled out a yellow book from behind himself, opening it and beginning to move his finger in the air and draw in the dirt at a distance.
“So there’s a few ways to look at this,” he said. “Keep in mind I’m by no means a total expert, but it seems like the cells are testing the waters. They’re learning what’s beneficial to you—what you use most, like hearing or emotions, hence eye color changes. It’s taking its time to learn what it can change without triggering a reaction.”
Lance nodded along, taking the info in as part of his mind remained stuck on the mention of eye color. He wondered if it was something that changed almost constantly, like Zidane’s, but a moment after this thought occurred to him, he felt a light wave of energy from Zidane’s mind. It wasn’t a thought, just a ghost of one, enough to send him the message of “no.” At this stage, only very strong emotions would noticeably change eye color.
“These cells can do that?” Lance asked, continuing on with the conversation. “It’s almost like they’re thinking.”
“They’re more advanced than anything humans have come in contact with. If we’re not careful, this can definitely go bad. This isn’t like a virus, even though I think it had an incubation period.” He glanced up. “What’s the last date you remember?”
Images came back, lightly pulling the breath from his lungs. That last morning—spending it fighting with his mom, counting down the days until he could move out. A horrible emotion rose up, whether it was fury or anger or sadness, he didn’t know. He swept it away, focusing on the question Zidane had asked him. “November Fifth.” 
The crossbreed hesitated, looking up from the markings he was drawing in the dirt. “What year?”
Equally hesitant, Lance repeated the year he remembered and Zidane nodded, relieved. He straightened, sitting up. “Okay, good. It’s only been a few months then.”
Lance swallowed back the tightness in his throat, remembering all the plans he had made. Plans to move out, plans to get his life going in the right direction. 
Everything should still be there, just as it was. 
He pulled himself out of the spiral, focusing in on what Zidane was saying. He was talking about whatever the heck he was drawing in the dirt.
“—Catalyst. It’ll give us the extra energy I don’t have to teleport us both.”
Lance blinked, focusing. “Teleport where?”
“To the Razalek territory.” These words were spoken as a tired sigh. Zidane straightened, pulling away from the drawing again with his eyes brightening a little, energy coming to him. “You remember Yittek, right? The physician that helped me back in Lanquim?”
The memory came back instantly as Lance nodded. The guy whose skin flaked off, he remembered.
Zidane continued, widening the book’s pages again and studying something. “I’m kind of at the end of the road with how much I can help, so I figure it’s a good time to get Yittek’s opinion.” He tucked the book downward and reached out again, engraving a curved line near his foot. “He’d know way more about this than I do.”
“But he’s Razalek, right?”
“Yeah,” Zidane flashed him a grin as he stood up. “Still saved my life.”
Lance also got to his feet, wondering what the incredibly intricate marking between them was for and why Zidane was taking a few steps back.
Noticing the caution, Zidane smiled again. “Not a hundred-percent sure I made the right marking. Could’ve been an explosive insignia instead.” He motioned to something near Lance. “Go ahead and place that rock in the center.”
Lance looked to where he motioned, a perfect skipping stone catching his gaze. He hesitated. The rock disappeared.
“I’m joking,” Zidane said, catching the stone as it fell into his grasp. He crouched down, in front of the symbol again. “Explosions are much quicker to draw.”
Carefully, he placed the rock in the center of the symbol, in the middle of the smallest circle where four lines curved in like small teeth. He stood, both of them watching as the marking glowed. The rock—along with the symbol—disappeared. A heavy vibration rippled outward, a deep feeling that reminded Lance of a bass turned up too loud.
He briefly looked around for the rock. “Where’d it go?”
“Wait for it…”
A moment later, the stone fell from the sky, landing on the ground with a cloud of dust and a small crater. 
Zidane looked back to the book. “It should’ve been a few more inches to the right...”
Lance nearly asked how it was possible that he could even tell, but instead watched as Zidane extended a hand towards the spot where the marking had been. An immense wave of energy came from him, a power that pushed out along the earth for just a moment. When Lance looked down again, the marking had finished drawing itself. 
Zidane bent down. “I need to make some changes to this, keep testing until it’s right. You don’t have to wait around.”
“What’re you talking about?”
Zidane’s hesitation was only a fraction of a second. “We’re not coming back here for a while. I figure you might wanna... Relax a bit.” He briefly looked up to the trees overhead. “It’s a nice place.”
His implication sunk in: they weren’t coming back. A feeling creeped into Lance but he pushed it away, focusing on the marking again.
“The distance matters that much?”
Zidane gave a small shrug. “Unless you like getting fused into trees.”
That made sense. Lance turned away, walking to his left. “Yeah, just let me know when you’re finished.”
A barely audible sound of agreement answered him. Lance kept his ears open as he walked away, expecting Zidane to say something. He let his guard down as he walked further into the trees, the impact of where he was hitting him again. 
Lance ducked his head, staring down to avoid looking up. 
It’s just a forest, he told himself. Just a bunch of trees. 
Memories started flickering into his consciousness; this wasn’t just a forest. This was a sanctuary for both him and Lisa. This was a huge part of his childhood. 
Will I ever see them again?
Sunlight warmed him, and Lance opened his eyes to see himself approaching the edge of the forest’s ground. He looked up, stopping a few feet from the end. He’d forgotten about the lake, and from the five years he’d been gone it hadn’t changed. Grey geese flew by, a feather or two descending from their flapping wings. Lance caught the sight as nothing more than thin shapes in the distance, and he was thankful he couldn’t tell exactly what they were. He was still human; his eyes hadn’t changed that much. 
He looked down, the still water casting a mirror image of himself. On sudden impulse, Lance dove into the lake.  The weight of the water tugged on his clothes instantly, filling his shoes and saturating his socks. He fought against the pressure, surfacing and feeling a smile on his face. It’d been a long time since he’d done this.
Lisa’s voice spoke from the back of his mind, scolding from the edge of the lake with a bottle of sunscreen waving in her hand. He nearly smiled at the memory before submerging back into the water, allowing it to tug against him and allowing him to fight back.
____________________

Lance floated on his back, fingers skimming the water’s surface, fingertips parting the water, creating tiny ripples. These ripples added to the ones his body was creating, a small piece of the larger whole. Soon, he stopped moving, floating still and feeling the sunlight on his face. He was burnt by now; he was sure of it.
Opening his eyes, Lance stared at the sky, a seemingly endless expanse of blue. Just the sight moved him into a deeper plane of relaxation. He smiled a little, letting out a content breath and allowing his eyes to droop closed. Just before his lids shut, however, instinct came. 
Spots of dark pink were in the sky now, the two of them wide apart from one another. Quickly, they were bleeding to a red color, more of them appearing. Lance shifted his eyes the spots followed. He blinked, panic setting in as the sky’s blue became mostly red. In the next moment, all brain function stopped—snapping away from Lance like a wire being cut. His body folded, sinking form collapsing as water infiltrated his lungs. 
____________________
Zidane stopped running, sliding across the water at an angle. He released the breath he was holding, diving in and allowing the lake to submerge him. He waited for a split second, floating up just enough for his feet to touch the hardening surface of the water. He pushed off, rocketing himself towards Lance’s sinking form. With a few kicks and strokes, he embraced the human, releasing oxygen to the surface with a small exhale. 
When the largest bubble popped, they were both submerged in fire. 
Zidane’s knees hit solid ground, water falling around them like rain. He set Lance down, carefully but quickly laying him on the grass. As his hand left Lance’s shoulder, he tried not to think of how much the human was shaking. 
This is what I look like...
“You’re like a fish out of water, sometimes...” she had said, wringing a cloth into the bucket on her lap. “It’s violent.”
He didn’t know what to say to that, so he said nothing. Continuing to lie down, immobile from the toll his muscles had taken.
Lance’s shaking didn’t seem as violent—nothing like how Zidane imagined these attacks to be. The mildness Lance was experiencing was probably a good sign. With another breath, a medical Epi-Pen dropped into Zidane’s hand and he pulled the tab before slamming the object against Lance’s leg, puncturing his skin.
Zidane stayed bowed, eyes closed, his hand gripping the pen so hard he couldn’t feel his fingers anymore.
This has to work… The thought repeated over and over. For ten long, painful seconds, those four words were his existence. 
Beneath him, the shaking lessened. The tremors settled into quivers that shook the grass below Lance’s hands, and then those quivers turned to stillness. Zidane relaxed, feeling gravity press against him once again. He breathed, straightening and puling the pen out of Lance’s leg. Habit set in; he shook the small amount of blood off the needle and teleported the device away. His mind formed thoughts again, and the first thing he thought of was Zooka.
“It’s hard to see you like that.” She gently wrenched the cloth, dampening it and letting the excess water fall into the bowl on her lap. Her eyes didn’t meet his, staying down as she folded the cloth against his forehead. “It’s always so hard to watch you…”
He understood what she meant now. He had seen it firsthand with Lance. 
I should have told him about the reaction. A poisonous feeling came to his chest. I didn’t think it would come yet… I didn’t think there was enough cells to even trigger a reaction yet…
He looked to Lance, eyes raising but mind withdrawing, unwilling to recognize what he was seeing. Zidane let out a breath, pointed fingertips spreading apart. A burst of wind blew into Lance, flapping through his clothes, drying him off and healing any damage the sun had caused to his skin. Zidane moved his weight backwards, lifting his knees off the ground and rocking his feet onto the earth again. He picked Lance up as he stood, carrying the human over his shoulder and forcing himself to feel the weight. It wasn’t much, but each step reinforced what was happening. What was going to happen if Zidane didn’t hurry…
They needed to get to Yittek.
 







Chapter Twenty-Two
Becoming the Beast

Consciousness floated back to Lance. He sensed firmness, as if he were lying down. He’d been here before…
Am I back? His eyes opened. The bolt of excitement fell flat, diminishing as he realized he was eye-level with the side of a small white desk, a half-open mirror closet, and someone sitting down in a chair. Zidane’s leg; he recognized the deep ashen grey of his uniform. 
“Hey, you’re back!” 
Lance closed his eyes, turning to blindly face the ceiling. Yeah…
“Seems like you’re moving easily… That’s good…”
Looking up at the ceiling, memories came back to Lance. He’d seen red… and then…
Did I drown?
Zidane heard his thought. “No,” he replied. “I was able to reach in and give you enough oxygen for one full breath. It was more than you needed by the time I teleported you out.”
“So you came in?”
“Uh, yeah.” The slight hesitation underlying Zidane’s voice was enough for Lance to turn and look at him. His hair was disheveled, points of his ears peeking out from the sides. There was also a pile of small books at his feet. It looked like he’d been awake for a long time. Lance focused back, noticing Zidane look at his own tail, the tip looking back at him. “Water doesn’t exactly agree with me, but, hey, if it prevents you from dying…”
The last word woke Lance up. Zidane saw the panic in his face and quickly corrected himself.
 “From the water, I mean. I don’t think this reaction would’ve killed you…”
“Reaction?” Lance felt as though his heart was about to burst.
“Calm down.” Zidane held a palm to Lance, and for a moment Lance thought he was speaking to himself. But then a deep feeling of peace cleared away the panic he was feeling, and Lance knew the word was actually for both of them. 
Zidane returned his hand. “So, this is going to take some explaining, and frankly I’m not sure exactly what’s going on. But for what it’s worth, I’m sorry for not telling you about this sooner. It’s just—it’s hard to predict what this thing is going to do. It’s like playing a hand and having no idea what the next card is.”
Lance waited, watching as Zidane looked to him, continuing. “There’s no human medical term for what happened to you, so for the sake of explaining I refer to it as a cleansing. Spiros have a very good immune system; it’s actually really rare that they ever get sick, especially when exposed to the human territory. But if they do come down with something and there’s an infection that can’t be dealt with the normal way, the body goes into a state of shock. Everything except immediate vital organs shut down. Only the hearts, lungs, and some parts of the brain keep working.”
Lance hesitated, ready to ask about the other organs before realizing they were talking about an entirely different species. These organs were probably very different than the ones he was used to hearing about.
Instead, he backtracked, catching something Zidane had said. “Did you just say hearts?”
“It’s another conversation,” Zidane replied, shaking his head. “I’m already giving you a lot of information; I don’t want to make anything more complicated than it has to be.”
Reluctantly, Lance nodded, trying to get the image of two hearts out of his head. “Alright. So, what, these cells—are giving me some kind of infection?”
Zidane opened his mouth, then closed it. He thought before light shrugging. “I wouldn’t think so, but I can’t say for sure. I’ve never heard of any cell creating its own mutation and developing a disease… But it makes sense. Maybe trying to test how strong the host is.” He shook his head. “The reason I was going for is that these cells see your human side as a threat.”
Lance sat up a little straighter, wary of the pain in the muscles along his spine and neck. “What?” The word fell out as a weak cough. “They can do that? Put my body into some state of shock?”
“Well, yeah, if the cells are strong enough. And, unfortunately, it looks like they are.” He held up a gentle hand, silently calming Lance again. “But this was a very light reaction. I can tell from how quickly you got up that it wasn’t that bad.”
“How bad does it get?”
Zidane’s eyes closed, head giving the briefest of nods. “Pretty, pretty bad,” he said. “But it depends if you have anything to help or not.”
“Wait,” Lance said. “Have you had these?”
“Since I was born. Both sides see each other as a threat, but lately they’ve been getting along better, so the reactions are less frequent.” He brought a hand up, and Lance saw what looked like an oversized plastic pen in between three of his fingers. 
“This is what I used on you,” Zidane explained. “Looks like a standard Epi-Pen used for severe allergies, but there’s a serum in here that helps with the pain from the cleansing. Makes the recovery process easier.”
The pen lowered, and in the next moment Zidane’s hand was empty again. 
Lance looked past the crossbreed, noticing the window’s curtains were shut tight, preventing little light from bleeding through. Somehow, Lance knew he was thankful for the darkness. Even the bright light peeking out on the side of the window was enough to hurt his eyes. 
The curtain moved, covering up the sunlight.
“You should get some rest.” Zidane stood up, moving slowly like his legs were stiff. 
“What about the teleportation?” Lance asked as he walked towards the door.
The crossbreed looked back, stopping near the doorway. “I’m still trying to work some kinks out. Don’t worry about it.” His eyes brightened, but he didn’t smile. “Just get some sleep, alright?”
Lance nodded a little, and Zidane disappeared into the hallway. Shaking away the worries trying to creep in, Lance laid down, his back pressing against something wet. He sat up immediately, turning around and only seeing slight wet marks against the sheet. Water. Just water. Parts of his clothes hadn’t fully dried off yet. 
A memory tried to surface to his consciousness. Lance shoved it back, bending over and removing his shirt. When he rose up, the shirt still bundled around his wrists, Lance felt the weight of fatigue pressing.
He wasn’t kidding about getting rest…
The exhaustion sunk further, getting to his muscles, and then sinking into his bones. He looked down at the shirt still on his wrists and tried to move his fingers. Even the slightest of twitches shot pain into the digits. Lance set his jaw, pressing his teeth together and moving his hand downward. He slipped one hand out of the shirt. Temporary darkness came to his brain, a single moment of unconsciousness. Lance let out a breath, regaining himself. He looked down, and then noticed something.
With a grimace, he straightened his back, looking down at his stomach. Was he seeing that clearly?
Reaching into the reserve of energy, he looked out into the hallway, speaking as loud as he could. “Hey.”
A few moments passed before he heard running footsteps. Zidane stopped in the doorway, catching himself on the frame with one hand. “What is it?”
Lance turned back to himself, his head feeling like it weighed too much. “What’s on my stomach?”
Lance heard Zidane sit down in the desk chair before feeling a hand on his shoulder, pushing Lance upright enough to reveal his stomach. Enough to see the thin, scar-like mark below his naval.
“Shit.”
Zidane let go of Lance’s shoulder, standing up and walking towards the center of the room with his hands behind his neck. Lance watched, focusing on keeping his eyes open. Zidane looked like he was thinking, and even though his back was to Lance and his head was down, Lance could see how focused he was through the mirror. Beneath Lance’s fatigue, anxiety was mixing with fear. This wasn’t good…
Zidane turned back, hands in his pockets. “You know that Spiros aren’t human, right?”
“Yeah...” Lance looked at him, incredibly hesitant. Where was he going with this? 
“They’re born... Differently than humans. Like, way different than humans. They’re something called a Zicora, translates to guardian of life.” Zidane hesitated then folded his arms, one hand by his mouth. “I’ll show you what that is in just a second but after this other life form is created and everything is stabilized, the body gets reformed into the more human-like appearance. This… Thing, the Zicora, is really, really powerful. But when the body transforms into something more human, all that power gets stored into a marking.”
Lance shook his head, giving up trying to understand. “I think I need a visual. I got no idea what you’re trying to say.”
“Alright.” From the corner of his eye, Lance saw Zidane crouch down. Quickly, his body shifted, the change reaching out from his lower back. Fur was spreading out from his tail, covering him as another set of ears formed and his face changed. Lance focused his eyes, fighting off the fatigue. When he looked up again, there was an animal he had never seen before; a golden-tan wolf with a slim tail. Long hair pointed its ears, and a rattling tongue darted out of its mouth.
“Why the long tongue?” he asked.
“More room for the teeth,” Zidane said, speaking into his mind. “Three more rows grow in during the transformation.”
As if to accentuate his point, Zidane turned to Lance, looking up and opening his mouth. Yep, four rows of small, incredibly sharp teeth. The mouth closed, white-blue eyes slowly blinking. The pupils were slit, cutting through the irises at an angle. 
So this is what they look like when they’re born? he asked, speaking only in his mind.
Zidane nodded, head bowing deeply as if showing respect. The black nose twitched, shifting long whiskers. A smile came to the beast, showing long, sharp teeth. “Except, when they’re about to die, they don’t look this friendly.”
All at once, hair stood up. Sharp points coming out from every direction. The hair upon its ears sharpened to thin horns, the longer hairs at the end of its tail like spikes.
He was right; not friendly at all.
“At the time of near death,” Zidane began, speaking into Lance’s mind, “the energy that is stored in the marking at birth is released, transforming the Spiro into its natural state. Everything is at its max strength, including senses and brain function. Every ounce of energy is used to keep the Spiro alive for as long as possible. Whatever the cost.”
Lance thought hard, eyes closing on their own, focusing and fighting off the exhaustion. He remembered seeing... Something in Zidane’s past. Bodies of people and beasts. This must have been what he’d seen.
He retraced what Zidane had said, forming each word in his mind and piecing together the explanation. 
Okay, he thought. So what’s this got to do with what’s on my stomach?
“Your Shingrey is forming,” Zidane replied. “That’s the white line on your stomach.”
Lance looked down at the scar-like mark, hooking out from the side of his naval like a thin, jagged scythe. And this is... What locks in that power?
“Yes. The reaction must have triggered it.”
Looking up, Lance surveyed the beast across the room again. He shook his head. I thought Spiros evolved from humans. What the fuck is this?
The animal’s eyes brightened further, and Lance saw a hint of a smile on its face. “A few more evolutionary turns. Probably something to do with Razaleks.”
Lance remembered how Zidane was ridiculed, beaten and abused for the mix that he was. That didn’t make any sense, if Spiros were developed from Razalek traits…
The animal’s fur softened and Lance watched as Zidane stood up, transforming back. “They’ve never been big on acknowledging history,” he said, speaking aloud.
Lance didn’t reply. His mind had slipped away from the crossbreed, instead wondering what to do now. What this marking meant.
“What now?” he asked, his voice reduced to mere breaths. 
“All the more reason to get you to Yittek quicker,” Zidane replied, not meeting his gaze. “I’ll have the portal done by the time you wake up.”
Lance barely moved his head in a nod, sudden fatigue rendering him speechless. He wanted to say how much he appreciated it, the help...
Zidane flashed him a smile, thanks received.
In the next moment, he was gone, silent feet leading him out into the hallway. Leaving Lance alone once again.
Lance fell back onto the bed, gritting his teeth at the pain screaming through his muscles. He stayed like that, eyes closed, until sleep finally pulled him away.


	

Chapter Twenty-Three
Travel

Lance scratched below his eye, the muscles in his fingers aching at the movements. Like most of the pain he’d been feeling today, he ignored it, looking out into the forest clearing. He didn’t remember such a space being here, and considering the fact that it was just big enough to fit the teleportation insignia, Lance wondered if Zidane had moved any trees in order to get a wide enough clearing. 
Looking out into the center, Lance noticed Zidane still running last minute checks. The crossbreed remained crouched down half a foot above the markings like there was an invisible platform raising him up. He’d been doing this for what’d seemed like a while now, and the more time that passed the more nervous Lance got. 
“How much longer?” he asked out into the space between them.
Zidane took a moment and then stood up, walking around the large, empty circle they’d soon be standing in. “You can step up on the platform. I’ll be done in a few minutes.”
So, there was something between him and the ground; it wasn’t just him floating. Lance stepped away from the tree he’d been leaning against, feeling his legs groan as they moved towards the outer edge. He stopped, looking at the swirls and slashes inches away from his feet, encasing symbols he had no hope of recognizing. 
He raised his foot, tentatively padding the air before hitting something solid but invisible. Almost like the first step of a staircase. He stepped onto it, suddenly feeling a spark of nausea at the fact he was floating.
“Weird?” Zidane asked.
The crossbreed watched him from the inner ring, the brightness of his eyes telling Lance he understood exactly.
“I’m gonna make one more quick pass around the outer edge,” Zidane continued. “You can take your time heading to the center.”
He started off towards the west side, leaving Lance to stare down at his feet and the ground below them. He smiled at this whole situation, almost laughing at the fact that he was floating. From the corner of his eye, he saw Zidane look up almost alarmed at first. Realizing the situation, he gave an easy smile, turning to look at the markings below. 
Lance didn’t see this. He remained interested in the platform before starting towards the center, studying the markings as they passed by. He recognized a few of the symbols from the drawing Zidane had been etching yesterday. This insignia was done at a much larger scale, though. If he drew it any way like he did before, Zidane had to have gotten some height from the trees, drawn from a longer distance.
Approaching the center, Lance stepped off the platform, careful to make as few footprints as possible. He looked up from the marks his shoes were making, seeing Zidane step down from the platform, a breath coming from him as he moved down. Something to disable the platform, probably. 
“You ready?”
The situation dawned on Lance, weighing heavily in his stomach. He could only nod, fighting off the nerves. 
“You got everything worked out?” he returned.
Zidane nodded. “Yeah, I don’t think we’re going to have any issues with this.”
You don’t ‘think’? The question remained locked inside Lance’s head. He remembered some problem Zidane was trying to work out. They could get fused into trees?
“Yeah,” Lance replied, his voice was weak. “Awesome.”
Zidane grinned, laughing. “There’s no way I would teleport us without being absolutely sure it’d work. I’m just pulling your leg, Lance. There’s nothing to worry about.”
The cluster of nerves started to die down, and a little bit calmer, Lance watched as the crossbreed closed his eyes. Zidane was still for a moment; then he breathed in, hands raising along like he was gathering the energy. When he exhaled slowly once again, Lance felt the world shift. He sensed the markings in the earth glowing, but his vision was slanting, blurring as if the Earth had been tilted and everything was sliding off. Lance felt himself become weightless. 
_______________________
The familiar feeling of weightlessness that always came with teleportation left, gravity settling into Zidane once again. He remained tense, cracking one eye open. The bark of a tree greeted him, his nose nearly touching the wood. He stifled a sigh in his mouth—way too close. He took a step back, looking around at the forest they were in. Looked like the same trees as before. Slowly, he checked himself. Feet, legs, hands, arms… Everything still there. And the teleportation insignia had traveled with them— perfect. 
A small sound of pain came from behind him. In the time it took for Zidane to turn around, dozens of images flashing through his mind. Lance standing there, one arm completely infused with a tree. Or with a branch stabbed through his foot… 
But when Zidane turned around, there were no trees, no blood in sight. Lance was hunched over, one hand on his forehead, the other curled around his stomach. A moment later, his body gave out, crumbling before Zidane grabbed his arm, supporting him.
“I think I’m gonna hurl.”
Zidane focused, connecting to Lance, experiencing what he was feeling. A crippling nausea took out the feeling in his legs, and instantly he felt Lance regain his strength, their support of one another switching. Zidane disconnected, holding Lance up again. 
“Just lie down.” Zidane lowered him to the ground. “Don’t puke on me.”
A hint of a grin came to Lance as Zidane let go of his arm.
“It happens with strong teleportations,” Zidane continued, sitting down beside him. Not exactly a lie. “You’ll feel better in a few minutes.”
He looked out into the clearing, checking the markings engraved into the ground. He just needed to make a few changes. 
He’s doing well, Zidane thought, turning to briefly survey Lance. The human had one arm draped over his eyes, the other holding his stomach. Considering the fact that we just jumped dimensions. 
Lance moved his arm away from his eyes, squinting a little at the sunlight. He stared up at the sky for a moment, and then quickly sat up, staring out into the forest. 
“Why’re we in the same place?”
Zidane stood up, sucking in a breath to create the invisible platform again. He breathed out, stepping onto the invisible surface.
“What you’re seeing here is actually an illusion,” he said, walking above the markings. “Mirrors where you originally came from. If you have enough energy you’re able to get past it, so think of it like a gate.”
Complete bullshit. All of it. They had to jump dimensions first; the engravings Zidane was about to draw were the ones that would take them to Yittek. He crouched down, passing a hand over the platform and exhaling. He felt the solid energy disappear against his skin, creating a small window. He reached through and rubbed away the marking that was there, an insignia that looked like the number 5 with no vertical line. Inside those two strokes, however, information had been engraved. Coordinates and energy that linked them to this universe. Two short curved lines flanked this thick engraving, and at the same time these too were erased. 
In this same space, Zidane drew a new mark. Two fingers, a slight stroke of the thumb, and a twist of a knuckle later, there was a half circle with two canes coming out of it. Above the center of the canes, an accent had been placed. 
Zidane stood up, closing the platform’s window. He wished he knew how to tie a teleportation to a specific person, but for now the symbol of the town Yittek resided in would have to do.
He changed one other spot in the insignia; the location of what dimension they were in. He brushed away the location they’d just came from, redrawing the same coordinates that were in the number five marking. His mind went to Lance, wondering how he was feeling. 
He literally doesn’t exist in this dimension… And he doesn’t even know.
When Zidane got back to the center, Lance was sitting up. The human stood, brushing the dirt from his pants as he spoke. 
“So,” he began, stretching out the word, “this is gonna push us through the barrier?”
Pain flinched into Zidane’s gut. He nodded. “Yeah, this should do it. Are you feeling any better?”
Lance gave a nonchalant shrug. “Yeah, considering the situation, I’m fine.”
Zidane forced a smile, nothing but the twitch of a lip. Weak.
He looked out towards the far edge of the insignia, pretending to check what he already knew was right. “Well, hopefully things are going to change once we get to Yittek.” He turned back, barely feeling any pain as he looked at Lance. “Short teleportation, so you won’t feel very sick.”
Lance gave him a nod in response, and Zidane could sense the human’s apprehension. He cooled the emotion immediately and closed his eyes. He inhaled, focusing only on creating as much energy as possible. When the breath filled his lungs completely, he released it, immediately feeling the earth and his surroundings shift. Like how the ground moves at the start of an earthquake and how the sky becomes powerful at the sound of thunder. 
For those brief moments, Zidane felt only that. They were suspended between time and space; quiet; nonexistent; weightless. Gravity appeared again, perfectly cool air greeting him. 
When his eyes opened, they weren’t where they were supposed to be. 
They were supposed to be in a town… Why were they in another forest?
He spun around, and the shock in his eyes was enough to cause alarm in Lance’s.
“What?” Lance asked. “What’s wrong?”
Calm down, Zidane thought, feeling the panic melt away. It’s just a little calibration error. I’m sure we’re still close by.
“I just thought we might have teleported wrong,” he explained. “It should’ve brought us in front of a town, but maybe it’s better we’re further away.”
Too much information. His gut twisted, but luckily Lance didn’t ask what he meant. 
“So this is the Razalek territory?”
Zidane followed Lance’s stare, finding an odd sense of nostalgia at the sight of the plants and trees surrounding them. Most plants were wrapped around the trees or connected to them in some way, creating a harmony throughout the forest. 
Zooka would like it here…
“Yeah,” Zidane said, answering Lance’s question, “This is the forest on the outskirts of Tollo. Small village of about two hundred.”
A slight, tapping alarm went off in the back of Zidane’s head. He turned around, seeing one of the plants moving towards Lance. A vine-like arm wiggled out towards him, and with a casual fascination the human kept himself just out of reach with slight steps away.
“It’s sensing your energy. Normally it’d snap out and take anything in its range, but since you’re human it’s being very cautious.”
“What happens if it gets something?” Lance asked, still watching the plant strain to try and reach him.
Zidane looked to his right, where a small unbloomed flower hid beneath the vein-like vines. “You see that flower on the tree? If the arms get something and drag it to that, the flower expands and digests the prey until it dissolves into the bark.” 
“Jesus…” Zidane didn’t have to turn around to know the look on Lance’s face. 
“Venus flytrap of the Razelek world,” Zidane concluded, turning back. “Except the plant is actually part of the tree.” He followed Lance’s stare up, looking at how the top of the trees nearly disappeared into the sky. They were mostly made up of trunks, which were single thick strands interwoven together. Zidane continued, explaining, “That’s why they’re so tall. They get energy from sunlight and whatever they catch.”
“I thought this was underground.”
“Makeshift sunlight.” Zidane shrugged. He didn’t continue, reminding himself that they didn’t have a lot of time to talk like this. 
Instead, he pushed out a light wave of energy, a circle that pulsed away from him. Something like a radar, it’d tell him if anyone was nearby. They needed to get into town without being killed, and to do that they were going to need some help.
A section of the circle disappeared. Forty-five degrees to his right, a mile and a half away. 
“I’ll be right back.” Zidane used the same breath to pull himself into the shadows below his feet. As he sped along the darkness, he connected with Lance’s mind.
There’s someone close by. I need to know how far away we are from the town.
While his physical body was still traveling away, he traced his energy back, stopping the line at Lance’s feet and creating a dome around the human. A shield that, to the Razalek eye, also made him blend into the environment like a chameleon. 
After two teleportations, shadow traveling, and protecting Lance… His energy was draining fast. He could feel himself getting weaker, the pulls he made to each shadow harder to do. Zidane pulsed another wave, relieved that his target was only a few seconds away. He slowed to a stop, hiding himself in the shadow of a tree. Carefully, he released the energy binding him to the earth, peeking out enough to see his surroundings again.
Two Razaleks were sitting down, one with their back to Zidane and the other facing towards him. He could see the second’s mouth moving, like he was talking, but nothing came out. Sound barrier. 
So what are they hiding? 
Another question came to him; was this just a sound barrier or something that protected against more than just sound? Would it interfere with the memory tap Zidane was planning to do?
Zidane pulled himself back into the shadows, immersed in nothing but the sensation of touch. He used a burst of energy, brightening his surroundings until he was looking at a colorless, mirrored image of everything around him. He focused on the Razalek closest to him, the one whose skin was now pitch black and mouth ash grey. He kept talking, seeming to be telling a joke of some sort, and the moment his hands raised in gesture—the moment his smile reached its peak—Zidane connected. Their minds clicked together, and at the speed of a single thought, information sped into Zidane’s brain. Memories that were working backwards, from most recent to oldest… Things he didn’t care about… and then he caught hint of a village.
He stopped the memories, inserting the slightest thought into the Razalek’s unconscious. 
What path did you take to get here?
The answer was drawn in the medium he requested; a map. Only a few klicks away. 
He released the connection, the black and white world coming back to him. Carefully, he watched the Razalek’s face, looking for any signs of alarm. There was none; he was still too engaged in whatever story he was telling. 
The other Razalek was nodding along, and then raised his hand in gesture as he replied. Zidane saw there was fabric covering his hand. They must be using the energy from the surrounding plants to make… Outfits? Uniforms?
Whatever it was, Zidane could use them. He connected with the talking Razalek’s mind again, briefly seeing through his eyes in fuzzy vision. Yeah, they were robes. There was a handful of them completed, neatly folded into a pile between them. 
They’re making this too easy… 
Zidane pushed his energy above ground, reaching outward until he could feel the barrier. A combination of a sound barrier and energy amplifier. Nothing that would interrupt him.
He retracted his energy and pulled towards the shadows of the robes, slipping underneath the barrier easily. Beneath him, distant, muddled sounds of someone speaking in an Eastern Razalek language. Zidane felt a flush of nostalgia; this had been a language he only read about, never hearing personally. 
He reached out to the robes directly underneath him, pinching the fabric and slowly exhaling as he drew the cloth towards him. A duplicate was pulled out, and gradually Zidane gathered the robe in his arms. When the outfit was complete, he waited for a moment, looking up at the shadowy figures above. 
There was a beauty to that language, and before Zidane could hold himself there any longer, he pulled towards the forest again, quickly returning from where he came.

_____________________________

This is weird. It was a phrase that had been in Lance’s head a lot these past few minutes, but the more he studied where he was, the stranger everything got. 
He shook his head. He wasn’t even about to touch the fact that they were in the center of the Earth.
Something suddenly swooped towards him, but Lance only caught sight of brown coloring and feathered wings before the tree’s vine snatched the creature, the flower bud flourishing into large petals with small teeth surrounding the round stigma. A weak cry came from the flower’s victim as it was dragged into the darkness of the trunk. The petals closed, its vine slipping out of the closed bud.
A low, repetitive sound caught Lance’s attention. He looked up, seeing what he thought to be an owl at first. Its body was the same, but the face was very different. This thing had a long beak and… The baggy, red sac of skin roosters have under their beak. Except this skin was stretched long, swinging as the bird turned its head. Despite the fact that it was far above, Lance felt the bird studying him. Maybe sensing his energy like the tree did.
He suddenly felt something appear close by, tensing as he turned to look. Zidane gracefully rose from the ground and landed on his feet, blue eyes looking. A colorful robe was draped over one shoulder.
“What?” the crossbreed asked.
Relieved, Lance shook his head, turning back to the bird above them. “Nothing. This place is just freaking me out.”
“I bet that’s an understatement,” Zidane responded with a grin. Lance didn’t argue with him.
When he turned around again, he saw the crossbreed holding a robe out, inspecting the garment.
“Yeah, I guess this will work. I can change it as we go.”
“What’s it for?” 
“Blending in,” Zidane said, tossing him the robe he was holding. “Put this over your clothes.”
Lance turned the garment over in his hand, feeling the incredibly soft texture with his thumb. He found the bottom of the robe and pulled it over himself, his attention going to the golden rope at his waist. 
“Do we tie these or—”
The two strands of the rope moved on their own, forming a slipknot hanging at the side of Lance’s leg. He looked wide eyed at Zidane, who only shrugged and finished tying his own.
“The knot changes every now and then. The last time I was here it was a noose.”
Lance kept himself from asking why the noose, and watched as Zidane quickly checked different parts of his robe—the start of the back of his neck, elbows, wrists, before suddenly noticing something on his hands. The crossbreed grinned a little, quickly removing the fingerless gloves hiding his Razalek marking.
“Almost forgot about these.”
He pulled one arm in, seeming to pocket them from underneath the robe before speaking, his arm returning to the sleeve.
“So in order for you to blend in, I’ll have to create a little modification. You’ll need a tail.”
“What—” A quick pressure set against Lance’s tailbone and when he spun around, he caught the glimpse of a white-tan tail spinning with him. He reached behind himself, bringing the tail into view. He saw Zidane smile a little.
“Just thought I’d give you a fair warning.”
“Mine’s not the same as yours.” He doubled checked, seeing how Zidane’s was long enough to curl and avoid brushing against the ground. There also wasn’t a narrow, elliptical spot pattern, either. 
“Yeah, mine doesn’t have any markings. Those went on my arms, instead. Deformations. Yours is average size, so don’t worry about the length.”
Lance raised his eyebrows, an obvious joke on his mind as he let go of the tail, briefly feeling the slightest tug as the limb returned behind him. 
“We should get moving,” Zidane said. “The town isn’t very far from here.” 










Chapter Twenty-Four
Reunion

When the crossbreed slowed to a stop, Lance did as well, casting his eyes towards the town in front of them. A short wall lined the buildings, seeming to be made up entirely of translucent energy. Small, white engravings swirled inside. It almost looked like clear, decorated glass. 
Lance looked away, watching Zidane raise his hand against the tree in front of him, palm pressing flat and eyes closing. A moment later, his clothes changed, the purple robe morphing into something else. 
A long sleeve shirt with a large neck, one that bunched and folded over itself a few times. The shirt was long, but cut at an angle, revealing one black, denim-clothed leg wrapped with two buckles. Narrow boots blended in with the dark fabric.
“God, their fashion is ridiculous sometimes,” Zidane breathed, adjusting the cuff of the sleeve and attempting to pull it over his hand. 
The fabric bounced back as he let go, too short to hide his blood-red marking. He growled, looking for front pockets but finding none. He folded his arms, one arm supporting the hand underneath his jaw. Dark eyes looked to Lance, and with a small flick of the hand, Lance’s clothes changed to something identical. 
Lance was immediately uncomfortable. He grounded his feet, trying to get used to the slight heel inside the boots. 
“Ridiculous is a total understatement…” Fucking ludicrous is more like it…
Quickly raising his eyebrows in agreement, Zidane hurried on, heading towards the town’s entrance. “We’ll hurry up and find Yittek as soon as possible. It’s taking a lot of energy to keep our clothes this way.”
Lance matched his pace. “What happens if you run out?”
“I’m not sure,” Zidane said after a small hesitation. “If anyone finds out I brought a human in here, it’s going to get real ugly real fast.”
That’s reassuring…
“Thanks for the honesty,” Lance said, his sarcasm subtle. He looked up, seeing they were only steps away from crossing into the town’s open entrance. However, he couldn’t see any Razaleks inside. The town looked deserted. 
He nearly slowed, shock hindering the speed of his steps for only a moment before they stepped into the village.
Razaleks were everywhere now, walking about. Their height took Lance by surprise, and again he nearly stopped moving. He felt a slight tug on his sleeve, Zidane forcing him to walk faster. Already, Lance saw those around them noticing their presence. The Razaleks closest to them stopped moving, their conversations dying down. Lance could feel their eyes on him, he could feel the growing number of not people, but things—Razaleks—scrutinizing his every move. He wasn’t walking like a Spiro would walk. He wasn’t doing this right. 
“Lance, I need you to calm down.” Zidane’s voice, speaking inside his head. “They won’t attack you. We’re alright.”
A calm emotion touched Lance. He breathed again, bringing his focus to his immediate surroundings. Zidane had let go of his sleeve; that was good. He just had to keep walking, keep moving, and soon they’d be away from here.
But all at once he could feel energy subtly pushing him. Pressing against his feet, his legs, his arms. They weren’t trying to trip him… It was a test, like the plant before. They were trying to read his energy, figure out exactly what he was. 
In addition to these pushes, Lance felt a soft force expelling them back. He could only guess that it was Zidane’s energy, misting around him like a barrier, making the pushes less intense.
Lance’s mind went to the fact Zidane didn’t hide his tail. His markings went exposed to. Why reveal himself like this, and dress in their clothes, too? Wasn’t this making his presence—his existence, even—that much more insulting?
Zidane’s voice came into his mind, answering the question Lance never voiced.
“Dressing like them lets us know we’re going on their level. Think of it like a sign of respect.”
So it’s like saying we understand them, Lance returned, the idea clicking.
“Right. Exactly.”
The pressure against Lance’s head lifted, signifying Zidane had withdrawn their mental connection. As the seconds went on, Lance dared to lift his head, feeling his neck ache at the movement. They were still making their way through the Razaleks, and thankfully none were stepping in the way to block their path. They were just… standing there, horribly furious.
A row of knots formed in Lance’s stomach but as he looked down he noticed something. Most of them weren’t staring at him. They were looking at Zidane. They were letting him know that even if they couldn’t kill him without breaking the treaty, they wanted to.
How can he stand this? He forced himself to sneak a glance, surprised to see Zidane standing tall, walking like the town was still empty. His eyes weren’t even that dark…
Lance straightened, looking back and staring straight ahead. Watching the tall bodies pass by, but focusing on nothing. This was easy. They could do this…
The pressures moving against him increased, hitting more spots than before. They dug into his skin and Lance ground his teeth against the pain. He felt Zidane’s energy curl around his shoulder, gently picking the pressure off the way one would pick up a leaf. Non-aggressive. They were trying to leave as quietly as they’d come.
Zidane turned, beginning to round another corner. Lance followed, seeing this new pathway nearly deserted. The few Razaleks that were there immediately turned; attention snapping towards them like wolves sensing meat. Lance’s stomach shrunk at their gazes, but he returned to looking ahead.
I guess this is how Zidane feels all the time. This is the mask he puts on.
Someone stepped out of a nearby alleyway, the sudden movement catching Lance’s eye. Zidane suddenly stopped walking, Lance stopping along with him.
_______________
Of all the towns Adelah had to be in, it had to be this one. It had to be the one Yittek stayed in… 
Zidane couldn’t help the anger that sparked inside him upon recognizing her. His first thought was to calm himself, hold what he was feeling back because it was all in the past. It didn’t matter anymore. It wasn’t worth the trouble. Zooka’s logic. That’d be what she’d say if she was here.
But everything just kept coming, more memories uprooting the longer Adelah’s eyes held his. Out of all the places…
Zidane closed his eyes for a moment, breathing in and focusing on the words Zooka would tell him. It was good logic, it made sense. He felt Adelah’s energy float forward, reaching towards him. Unlike the other auras that had been roughly pushing against him since they stepped foot in this town, hers was much softer. But she was still checking to make sure it really was him. 
When his eyes opened, he raised his head, looking into Adelah’s eyes. He barely felt anything, only thinking of their last conversation almost two years ago. 
“Really? That’s the reason you’re here.” 
She was trying to fix her life, he thought. Guess everything’s fine. She doesn’t need me for anything anymore. 
She never did, a voice inside his head responded, and this thought landed a blow to his gut.
Adelah blinked, the movement interrupting their prolonged eye contact. A smile came to her face, one genuine and free of worry. She took a step forward.
“You should have told me you were coming down,” she said, laughter sprinkling her words. “I would’ve started preparing something more than this.” Zidane’s stare was brought down to the translucent bags in her arms. The Razalek equivalent of groceries.
“I’m not here to see you.” The words fell out of him; a part of him internally shrunk away, ashamed and guilty at the statement. He kept talking, driven by the reason they were there. “I’m looking for Yittek. You know where he is?”
Adelah looked over to his right, bringing Zidane’s attention to the fact Lance was standing next to him. He panicked momentarily, the fear speeding through him as Adelah swept her gaze over the human. Quickly, before he could let the feeling affect his eyes, Zidane calmed himself. He had cloned and altered his tail exactly; for a Spiro, Lance was blending right in.
Adelah met Lance’s eyes, holding his stare without blinking. Zidane’s breath left him, his body still as he fought against the urge to connect with Lance’s mind. He’d completely forgotten about the greeting.
Lance was smart enough to not look away, not even blinking as they locked eyes. Finally, Adelah gave a slow blink, and in a sheer stroke of good luck, Lance timed his blink with hers. Zidane allowed himself to breathe again, the first exhale turning his thoughts into the words that came out of Lance’s mouth.
“Le’toke,” Lance said, and Zidane was surprised at his own choice of name. Le’toke had been a storybook character, something of a Spiro fairytale about a skilled archer. 
“Adelah,” the Razalek replied, her voice light and kind.
The greeting done, Zidane watched his half-sister turn back to him, continuing on with their original conversation.
“Yittek is usually with a patient at this time. He cuts off mental connection to ensure privacy, so he won’t be available for a while.”
Zidane bit back his reply, an irritation of how he knew Yittek blocked out mental contact. He’d been in touch with the Razalek enough times to know, and the fact they were here even talking to her was obvious that he wasn’t open to connections. Suddenly, he remembered Lance was there. He almost reached to the human’s mind, wanting to explain that Yittek was creating an energy barrier around himself that blocked off all possible outside communication. Zidane hadn’t been lying when he’d explained how once a connection is made, it can’t be broken. Just weakened. 
But Lance had no idea what they were saying. Everything was more or less smoothly-spoken gibberish to him. That was probably a good thing.
Zidane forced himself to nod at Adelah’s reply. “Cool,” he said, speaking in a language that had origination in the olden Razalek slums. He reverted to the sophisticated tongue they had been speaking in before: “I’ll check back with him in a while, then.”
He instantly knew he was backing himself into a corner with that statement. He had spent a lot of energy, especially with the teleportations. And keeping his and Lance’s clothes like this was only eating away at the small amount he had left. With this considered, staying here until Yittek lifted his barrier wasn’t an option, and the time it would take to go back out to the forest would leave them without defense if someone were to find them. Zidane was tempted to take either option, comparing it to time with Adelah, but once again Zooka came into his thoughts. He had a family, even if he had only spoken to his half-sister once in twelve years. He needed to take advantage of the fact they were still here.
Zooka’s too smart for her own good, Zidane thought, a smile playing upon his lips. He raised his head up, looking at Adelah.
“So are you going to invite us to dinner or what?”
He could feel Lance’s shock; he even felt the subtle, crazed stare that came with the feeling. When Adelah praised his choice with a few words and a quick rock onto her tip-toes, Zidane began building the bridge to Lance’s mind again. When Adelah had turned, beginning to lead them further along the street, Zidane fully connected with the human, feeding information through thoughts.
I’m running critical on energy, he said. I’ve also got a clone set up and I don’t want to know what happens to it when I run out.
“‘Clone’?” Lance replied, thoughts quick. “You got a clone? You can do that? Why do you have a clone?” And then, quietly: “Sorry—too many questions.”
It’s fine, Zidane replied. Probably a weird concept. With his stare on Adelah, hoping she wasn’t reading the energy between their conversation and listening in, he explained, Yeah, I have a clone. It’s mainly for Zooka… I don’t want her to know I’m here.
Lance had dozens of questions bouncing off his brain, but he kept them quiet enough for Zidane not to hear. Only for him to sense that they were there. Lance picked one, delivering it carefully. Cautiously, like he was already apologizing for breaching privacy. 
“Why don’t you want her to know?”
Words caught in Zidane’s throat, even though they weren’t speaking aloud. 
I can’t handle her finding out, he replied, and the response was the best he could do. There were many ways he could’ve answered that. He’d made a habit of hiding, lying to her; he’d become too weak to turn back and reverse the clone’s presence, take its place instead. But really… he was scared.
Lance stayed quiet, and Zidane felt him withdrawing from the connection. Zidane released the bridge he had built, letting it go until he felt the familiar, faint presence of barely being connected. Almost like there was a ghost traveling beside him.
Zidane looked up, casting his stare to the other side of the street, noticing the Razaleks there paying no attention to them. Adelah must have cast something to conceal them both. He was almost grateful, if he wasn’t horribly fascinated with having absolutely no eyes on him.
This is what it feels like.
And yet, more than ever, he felt entirely exposed. 
This feeling stayed with him, sown into his skin, his mind, and soon the exposure crawled into a new form. It moved like a metal liquid, appearance cold and hard, slowly crawling and concealing his idea of Adelah. Tainting it, rotting it further. She was embarrassed, hiding them both. This wasn’t a protection for them. They’d been through enough of the town; everyone knew they were here by now.
Zidane relaxed his jaw, forcing himself from getting angry. He couldn’t let her under his skin like this… 
He picked up a change in Adelah’s movements—something subtle, but evident considering how she hadn’t changed anything in the past few minutes. She slowed her steps slightly, and Zidane sensed a change in her aura. The emotion was muddled, but a muddied, darker pink came to mind. He thought of a slight, unexpressed fear. One small enough for Adelah herself not to realize. 
Zidane looked to where her head was turning, where her footsteps were pivoting to. On their left was a home, floating half a foot off the ground with two steps leading from the ground to a small porch. 
A memory triggered—an incredibly small house, one with no flooring and only enough room for a few mats, a low table, and a running water system. Golden eyes filled with nothing but love. 
Zidane shut the memory out, refusing to give a name to those eyes, a location to that home. He looked towards the house again as they moved onto the small path leading to the steps. A cobblestone walkway with stones were made of energy, ones that acted as mirrors. Zidane didn’t look down, opting to stare at the colorful garden to their left. Flowers were blooming, some stems twisting and twirling around other plants. Most he didn’t recognize, but as Adelah led them up the steps, one in particular caught his eye.
He recognized the flower immediately. A deep part of Razalek culture, something that’d lasted since the early conception of the species, the Kisht was a famous “truth” flower. Truth flowers, also known as energy piercers, could sense and respond to the deepest levels of whoever’s holding it. Each flower could reveal something specific about the holder, though the Kisht had always been popular for good reason. They would remain unbloomed, their petals sealed tight, and only when the flower would be touched with enough tenderness, when the stroke of the petal is identical to a stroke against the cheek of a lover, would the flower bloom. It is a truth flower, only in the sense that it could see how deep the holder’s love truly is.
He got one for Zooka, every time he visited Yittek.
The Kisht in Adelah’s front yard had been opened, but like everything in both the Spiro and Razalek world, its life depended on the energy around it. Kishts in particular fed off of love, and though Adelah’s petals had bloomed, they were rotting at the edges, slowly eating away towards the flower’s center. 
Adelah passed through the open doorway, holding a hand out and prolonging the faint ripples created by her movement through. They nearly looked like spider webs, and as Zidane passed through, feeling nothing, but a shift in his surrounding’s energy, he tapped a thought into Lance’s mind.
Something of a doorway, he began, explaining the ripples. If there’s no ripples, the home is empty. More people in the home create different patterns. Adelah’s making it so it only shows there’s two inside instead of four.
He sensed his explanation click, Lance understanding it. “Two?” the human repeated.
Zidane continued on into the front room, seeing the standard empty space. Something meant to be welcoming, free of secrets or harm. 
Probably her husband, Zidane thought, answering Lance’s question. 
He heard Lance walk through, the human stopping a small step or two inside the home. The energy of this place was different for sure, feeling almost cold. Compressed. There was a trail, a buildup of a certain type of energy. Zidane followed it, seeing the aura in his mind’s eye. Again, the color was pink. The line dragged into the room to their left, crossing into the next room, going slightly into the hallway before stopping at the entrance to what Zidane assumed to be a bedroom. 
He couldn’t see inside; there was an arrow pattern, two sharp points that started at the center and parted away from each other. Their movement was rapid, and it created a constant ripple to the top and bottom-half of the doorway. The pattern could only mean there was one person occupying the room, but whoever it was prevented him from seeing inside. 
He withdrew from the trail, coming back to the small room. Adelah had moved into the kitchen area, the contents of the bags floating in front of her as if they’d been set on an invisible shelf. She reached up, taking a small onion-shaped fruit with a curling stem. Beginning to cut this into strips with a stroke of her thumb, she began humming quietly. Zidane stared, not believing what he was hearing. His stomach snarled, thoughts vanishing. 
She used to sing this to us. Those golden eyes appeared in his mind again. 
A horrible taste came to his mouth, an ache came to his head. He closed his eyes, trying to block out the memory.
A footstep brought him back. Lance knew he couldn’t talk; speaking in a human language would blow his cover faster than anything. So he’d stepped forward, bringing Zidane’s eyes open and his focus towards the human. Lance was scared, a little worried and confused, but mostly scared.
He’s already in place he doesn’t know, with people that want to kill him, Zidane thought, calming himself. Seeing me like this isn’t helping.
He gave a slight smile, and though he was sure his eyes were still dark, the gesture was enough to calm Lance. The human relaxed, and in the next moment Zidane felt a question on his mind. He re-opened the bridge.
“Am I supposed to be silent this whole time?”
No. Zidane glanced towards his half-sister, making sure she wasn’t listening in. She’d stopped humming. It’d be too suspicious if you were quiet.
He turned back to Lance, reaching out a hand. Lean forward.
Lance did so, more than a little confused, and quickly Zidane tapped against his temple twice. One thought resounded against his mind, with it a forceful intent.
Ra-brik.
Zidane pulled away, half-watching Lance’s eyes glaze over, slight discomfort on his face as parts of an entire language was downloaded into his brain. With his stare on Adelah, Zidane moved his hand up, guiding Lance’s body upright until he wasn’t visible from the room Adelah was in. 
“Ko’keela.” Thanks.
Zidane turned back, surprised to hear the language again. Lance looked just as surprised as he did, glancing down for a moment as if he could somehow see the word that had just come out of his mouth. Without giving any more pause, Zidane replied, the words slipping from his tongue like an old friend.
“Boshik le.” It is my honor, or the human equivalent of you’re welcome.
Zidane watched Lance’s stare dart from his mouth to his eyes, his energy deflating. This was going to be weird for him, for sure.
A playfully muffled laugh came from the other room, and instantly Zidane’s gut snarled; Adelah knew, for sure. She was laughing at the fact that Zidane had tried to hide… But when he turned, his half-sister was lowering her hand away from her mouth, a smile on her face.
“What’s with standing by the doorway?” she said, her hand passing over the table. Silverware rose from the translucent surface, enough for four. “You are welcome here, you know.”
A smile twitched onto Zidane’s lips, and with the thought of Zooka, he pushed it further up. “Yeah, I know.” The words were hard to say, almost hurting as they rose out of his throat.
Adelah left the table, continuing to cook. “Come. Dinner’s almost here.”	
With a nod, Zidane walked through the doorway, heading for the table. A side thought occurred to him, nearly making Zidane stop in his tracks. Quickly, he moved a hand behind him, influencing the energy around Lance’s head to make the human’s temple connect with the tip of Zidane’s finger. He tapped twice.
Ponshi.
Just as Adelah turned, Zidane pulled his arm back and straightened, continuing on as he felt an immediate, urgent question from Lance. Seeing white spots dance along his vision, Zidane opened the connection again.
“What are you doing?” 
Zidane understood the confused, quiet outburst. I’m making it so you can understand us. That’s the language we’re speaking in. 
Lance paused, and once again Zidane felt the horribly condensed energy around him loosen; he relaxed. “Oh. So what was the first language? That’s the one I’m speaking in, right?”
Yeah. It’s a common Spiro one. Adelah knows it, so don’t worry.
He felt a powerful relief descend into Lance. To say the human was nervous was an understatement. “Alright, good. So I’ll talk like this whenever I… Well, talk?”
Yeah, whenever you wanna say something, you’ll speak in that language. Zidane replied, taking a seat. Do what you can to unwind. I’ll cover as many questions as I can.
Lance hesitated. Do you really think she’ll ask that many?
More white spots had appeared, too many for Zidane to ignore. He closed his eyes, seeing colored dots flash and feeling his head grow light. There was a feather-like weightlessness in his chest, too, which could only mean he was minutes away from using up his main reserve of energy. 
Adelah knew this. Her movement towards him brought Zidane’s attention back, and with a rather wide-eyed look that he didn’t bother to read, she handed him something warm and roughly disc shaped. Zidane took it and shoved it in his mouth, suppressing a gag at the taste. If the whole dinner was going to be like this…
He quickly swallowed whatever it was down, feeling his eyes water slightly. He blinked the tears away, barely seeing Adelah dramatically roll her eyes as she turned back to chopping whatever she had been before.
“Oh stop with the theatrics,” she said. “It’s not that bad.”
Zidane kept his mouth shut, about to say that he’d lived off of dumpster garbage. But then a dark alley under grey sky came into his thoughts, and a pair of golden eyes invaded his mind. He shut them both away.
Closing his eyes, he pulled in a breath, feeling the energy beginning to gather at the center of his torso. The pressure that had come from being low was subsiding, and Zidane couldn’t help but wonder what had happened to his clone, thousands of miles above the surface. Had his thoughts, his conversation with Lance slipped out as spoken word? How much had he revealed?	
“Okay.” Adelah came towards them, a large plateful of the disc-shaped food stacked like pancakes hovering in her hands. Other plates were floating beside her. She placed all of them on the table, spreading them out in the center. “Let’s eat.”
_________________________
Conversation floated around Lance. His eyes shifted from Adelah to Zidane, mind working hard enough to give him a headache. Was he supposed to be understanding this language? Wouldn’t a Spiro—an actual Spiro—be completely clueless to a language Razaleks spoke in?
Maybe… Maybe it’s one they share… But that didn’t make sense; the two races were succeeded from each other for a reason. 
Shit. His thumb pressed against the edge of the spoon-like utensil wrapped around his finger, holding it tighter. What do I do?
The conversation going on around him had paused. He looked up, seeing Adelah’s stare on him. She was polite, like she was waiting for something. Lance felt his heartbeat against his throat. ­
“Ah, sorry, let me translate.” Zidane turned to him, and as he spoke, his eyes darkened very slightly. The change in color was an apology; he’d messed up on adding an extra language. 
Lance focused on the question. What village did he come from?
Beside him, he felt an energy coming from Zidane. He was leading Lance in a certain direction, almost like he had with feeding him the introduction. Carefully, Lance focused on the energy, trying to piece together what Zidane was wanting him to say. The emotions lightly flared, almost dangerously close to Adelah sensing it. Noting the urgency, Lance started speaking, letting the words come.
“Rejen. It’s a small population, off the Juin River. I traveled around a lot, but that’s where I originated from.”
Adelah nodded. “I’ve heard about Rejen. It seems like a very peaceful place.”
Lance gave a smaller nod, looking down towards his food. “It is. I’ve always admired the flowers there.”
He used the razor-sharp utensil wrapped around his ring finger, cutting off a piece of whatever this disc-shaped thing was. There was no tendons, nothing to suggest it was a meat. 
“So you know Yittek?”
His eyes shot up at the question and instantly Zidane’s emotions flared. Once again, Lance followed the intuition, allowing it to guide his words.
“Uh, yeah. I’m interested in Razaleks, small villages in particular. I’m looking to study under Yittek.”
Adelah raised her eyebrows. “Really?” she said, staring for a moment. Her eyes briefly shifted to Zidane. “So that’s how you two know each other, then?”
Zidane’s emotions confirmed the question as Lance replied. “Yeah, we met through him.”
Adelah nodded again, turning down to her food. She lightly took a small portion of the fluffy, off-white substance on her plate. At first, Lance could only assume it was something of a vegetable; it almost looked like mashed potatoes, but beneath the soft exterior were small, squishy bead-like balls filled with sweet juice.
Noticing he was staring, Lance looked back down, surprised to hear Adelah’s voice a moment later.
“Are you married?”
The question caught him off-guard. He tried to think back, remembering that Adelah herself was married. Zidane was pushing him to answer, and disregarding his own thoughts, Lance began speaking. He felt a light smile crawl up one corner of his mouth.
“Yes, of course. She’s also training to be a medical tech. We’re planning to meet back in Losin after. Still keeping in touch through messages, of course.”
As he spoke, he sensed something in Zidane’s energy. Before, he had sensed the color to be a light blue, nearly electric. But now it was much darker, the flame-like intensity dying down. A sadness? Depression?
As if on cue, Adelah’s stare turned to Zidane and, very subtly, she raised one eyebrow. Zidane looked up, meeting her stare. A scowl set onto his face, one that was nothing short of a warning.
“Don’t even say it.” His words were incredibly quiet; spoken in one light breath.
Adelah shrugged her eyebrows, turning back down to her food. “It’s easier than you think…”
Lance jumped as the opposite end of the table was suddenly shoved forward. He looked towards Zidane, seeing his chair tipped back and his foot against the table’s edge. But his shoe was different than before; thick straps replaced the non-existent binding of the boots he wore before. This was what he wore with his MOCT uniform.
Adelah stared at him, hands inches away from the table, preventing its side from hitting her bottom ribs.
“You really wanna fight like this, Adelah?”	
Adelah’s jaw moved once, and it took Lance a moment to realize she was chewing the food still in her mouth. She swallowed, still keeping her eyes set on Zidane’s. Her hands didn’t move away from the table. 
A long, narrow line of light passed along the room, travelling from one side to the other. Lance watched it move over the table, the same line also reaching the wall and around the ceiling. It travelled away, moving toward the other room to their left. 
Adelah’s stare relinquished from Zidane, going down to the plate below her. Another line came through the room, exactly like the first. It was with this one that Lance heard a brief, incredibly faint ring. He watched it pass through, unable to resist thinking of a radar pulsing out, its circle searching for something. 
“Adelah.” Zidane’s voice was low, shaking slightly. “Who did you invite over?”
His half-sister remained silent, turning her head away. Another line passed through before Lance sensed the lights stop, the persistent energy disappearing. He heard a footstep. The sound was heavy, but when Lance heard a second, smaller step—one that was accompanied by a light dragging—he knew the loudness wasn’t just because of this silence. Whoever the steps belonged to possessed a tremendously powerful weight. 
He knew who it was. Even before those steps started towards the kitchen area, Lance knew who it was.













Chapter Twenty-Five
You

Zidane had never wanted to speak with his father. Ever. Even when Adelah came back, tracing the energy that had been released because of Zooka, when Zidane found out his father was still alive… That he hadn’t died in the raid… The only thing that’d come to Zidane was a pain. A fear. A disappointment. 
He almost hated himself for it. But there were worse things he hated himself for.
Orah stepped through the web-like doorway, and Zidane felt those feelings again. They were almost crippling and he was sure the weight they had on him was obvious. It had been twelve years, and he hadn’t changed. It had been twelve years, and Zidane still hurt just at the sight of him.
That immense amount of hurt came back like it had always been waiting just underneath the surface of his very being, his very soul. All the marks and burns and scars that were etched into his existence—whatever that meant—flared up again. And Zidane felt the tears push against the back of his eyes.
He tried to focus on Zooka. He tried to focus on the sound of her laugh and the sight of her smile; the feeling of her lips and the touch of her hands. He tried to think of that beauty. That angelic energy that had never once been the cause of direct pain.
But he just kept seeing the man, the eyes and the face and the body, that had started him down the path of self-hated. The very first one to show him what he truly was.
A thought came to him.
Arzo was more of a father than him.
It was true; in some ways, Arzo had raised him better than his father had. No—not better. Just more. Even if the lessons were taught through cracked bones and broken teeth, they were more than the man standing in front of him had ever showed.
The moment all of this came to Zidane was the same moment Orah noticed him. His facial expression didn’t change, remaining completely stoic as he turned and looked towards Adelah. Completely, without question, bypassing Zidane’s presence. 
Twelve years. The phrase was hammering itself into his head. Twelve. Years. And he still treats me like I’m nothing.
He barely noticed his hand begin to ache from its clawed posture atop the table, nails failing to dig into the smooth surface. The awareness of his own body came back to him the moment he sensed Adelah’s energy reach out, her aura attempting to pick his hand off from the table. 
Zidane cracked open the door that separated his emotions from the outside world. He released just a fraction of what he was feeling, creating a line of pure hatred that whipped out, snapping against Adelah’s energy. She recoiled with a yelp, bringing her hands to her chest. 
Orah stepped forward, the movement slow and controlled. Zidane couldn’t read his energy; it wasn’t powerful enough for him to sense, but whatever his father was feeling was suddenly pulled back. Adelah was opening her mouth to talk.
“I get that you’re angry, Konachi.” With both of them here… That name was the same as taking a knife to the gut. Adelah kept speaking. “I understand you’re upset. But I’m hoping we can work this out.”
Before she could continue, Zidane looked towards her, staring at the opposite end of the table, where an empty plate had been set. 
“You think all I am is angry?” he repeated. “You really think I’m just upset?”
He looked to her, seeing her attention move away, hand going towards her mouth. “I don’t… really think…”
“Say it.” His fury was reaching a new level, and still he was keeping his voice relatively low. His hand was still tight against the table; he couldn’t feel his fingers anymore. He gradually pushed against two fingers and rose to his feet, feeling his legs shake slightly. “Say what you’re thinking.”
Adelah met his eyes. Her voice came to his head, words speeding through like a thought.
“I really don’t think you have anything to be angry about.”
Words jammed against his throat, sending nothing but a sound through his teeth. He took in a breath, part of his mind still trying to hold onto that thought of Zooka. He needed to be calm. It wasn’t worth it… But all of it was quickly slipping away, this fury settling into him in a very familiar way.
He pulled back, turning around as his eyes closed.
“I can’t do this. I can’t… be like this anymore.” He swallowed, feeling his throat loosen. His head shook, and finally he opened his eyes to the floor. “Adelah, I get what you’re trying to do. I think it’s absolutely useless, but I can understand it.” Turning, bypassing his father’s presence, he faced his half-sister again. “There’s nothing any of us can work out.”
He felt Zooka’s voice tug at his mind, but kept speaking, feeling something of a smile on his face. “As much as you’d like to, there’s nothing we can do to make any of this better.”
“Finally, you say something worthwhile.” Orah’s voice moved through him, rattling him to the core. It’d been so long…
Zidane turned to his father, feeling that stab of pain again as he met the eyes that mirrored his own. Probably just as dark as his was, too. No, his was darker. The horrible aching inside his chest would make sure of it.
“It’s—hard for me to look at you.” His voice was weak. So much weaker than when he was speaking to Adelah. Zidane felt tears breach, blurring the bottom of his vision. They didn’t break, and he found the strength to hold them there. With a thought of Zooka—with the feeling of her by his side, fingers interlaced with his… He kept speaking, voice a little louder. A little stronger. “It’s always been so hard for me to look at you. In the beginning, I really wanted you to be there for me. Like you were there for her”—He motioned with his head towards Adelah, feeling her sting of shock. “Like she... Like mom was for me.”
Those golden eyes came to him again, and this time he didn’t shut them out. He held onto the memory of her face, new pain pulsing into him. He kept talking, willing himself not to break down. His own voice came out, still relatively calm.
“And for a while, having her around was enough. And then... And then everything happened and...” The memory he had kept locked away resurfaced, and again he saw her. He saw the relief on her face, he saw the wind chime pierce through her forehead, ripping the skin and erupting blood and brains. He felt the ghost of both land across his skin.
“I… Couldn’t…” Didn’t know how… 
“And you expect me to fix all of this then?” Orah’s voice brought him back to the room, making Zidane realize he was staring at the floorboards, one hand holding his arm. He felt like a kid again.
The question echoed inside Zidane’s head.
First question he’s ever asked me, he thought, and again the timeline stretched out in front of him. Seventeen years. How many questions had he asked Adelah? How many sincere conversations, showing a side of him Zidane only dreamed of seeing?
Zidane raised his stare, meeting his father’s eyes. Orah didn’t flinch at what Zidane was sure to be pitch black eyes. He didn’t acknowledge anything was even wrong. He was acting like there was barely anything in front of him.
Anything ‘worthwhile’. Zidane repeated, but the statement only made his chest want to cave in completely.
Zooka’s hand tightened around his, stopping him from collapsing.
Orah cleared his throat, shifting himself to turn towards Adelah. Zidane felt her straighten, attention completely on her father like a magnet. 
“Are you getting whatever you wanted out of this?” he asked.
In the beat that it took for Adelah to consider an answer, Zidane heard movement behind him. Lance was standing up, and with a hook of his ankle, sent the chair behind him to the floor. 
“You asshole. I hate you—”
Lance, Zidane drew his fingers together, lessening the connection between their minds, and lessening how much of the Razalek language Lance understood. With a light push, he settled down the human’s emotions; an anger that paled in comparison to his own. It’s alright.
He only sensed the feelings of protest in return before hearing Orah’s voice again.
“I’m almost surprised you brought a surface leech here.”
“Konachi…” Adelah’s head bowed, hand raised to shield her eyes. She wasn’t even shocked. She was just disappointed. And somehow that made it even worse. Her hand dropped, a sound of disgust falling from her mouth as she turned away. “You disguised him as a Spiro, too. How could you?”
Zidane felt a disgust of his own rising to coat his tongue. He couldn’t speak. They didn’t know anything about this.
“You’d know if you asked.” No. No, they still wouldn’t.
Orah shook his head, beginning to turn away towards the front door. “If you’re looking for a place to pollute, try the Northern Fires. It’d be a great place to start a ‘family.’”
Zidane stayed silent and the anger that’d been inside him suddenly took on a new form. It sunk down, flames dissolving into something harder. Concrete. For the first time, he could accurately, truly say he hated his father.
He slid one foot a few inches forward, reaching his energy out and stopping Orah from moving. The Razalek could have easily diminished the power, but he didn’t. He stood there, his back to Zidane. That hardened emotion inside the crossbreed increased, adding weight as he spoke.
“You wouldn’t know this”—Tears welled up again, but once more Zidane forced them back—“But I’ve had a lot of people in my life that have done some pretty awful things”—The faces of Arzo and Ezyta came to his memory, and with it he felt Zooka’s touch again. Healing, bringing him back to the present—“And sometimes I think I deserved all of it. But you were the first. And no matter what anyone else did, you hurt the most.”
That concrete emotion lessened, the pressure falling away. Orah didn’t move, standing tall and completely still. He turned back, pivoting slowly, and laughed. Deep, quiet chuckles were rising from him, the sound nearly foreign. He faced Zidane again, and suddenly the room blurred sideways.
Pain clipped against the side of his head. Zidane fell to the floor, warmth expanding where the picture frame’s edge had hit. His ears were ringing; he couldn’t hear anything, but upon focusing his eyes, he saw Orah walking towards him. The Razalek stopped close by, and just the position—someone overbearing, dominating—uprooted a deep fear. Memories pulling him back to the feeling of broken bones and spit thick with blood. But this wasn’t Arzo moving towards him. It was someone much worse.
Zidane scrambled to his feet, his mind swimming. His head slammed against the wall again, one large hand holding him there. His feet had left the floor, dangling in the air. Orah’s hand covered part of his sight, palm blackening the middle of his vision. Zidane could still see the fury in his father’s face. He could see it very clearly. 
An energy was holding him back, preventing him from raising his hands any further, deactivating his own power.
The hand gripping his hair clenched tighter, ripping a few strands out. Zidane stifled a wince against his lips, the blood from the wound on the side of his head beginning to touch the skin of his face. Trail down along the start of his ear.
"See if you can focus enough to truly understand me." A hate snarled Orah’s voice. An absolute, dark venom. "There has never once been a single moment of my life where I have felt anything close to a hint of affection for you. Every time you have opened your mouth, I have been reminded of my mistakes. I have been haunted by everything I have done wrong, every disgusting”—He pushed Zidane’s head further against the wall—“traitorous act that led me to curse the world with you. Every time I have had the absolute misfortune of being in your rotten presence, I have hated myself to the very core. Touching you is nothing short of an abomination; speaking to you is only an act humans would lower themselves to. You are my biggest mistake. You are nothing but a curse upon this world. I can only hope that your existence will serve as a reminder for how very far this race can fall."
He couldn’t… He couldn’t mean that… Kyrene’s face came into Zidane mind, the warmth, the peace momentarily taking away the pain.
He breathed through the pressure against his head, opening his eyes again. The words came, then. A sentence, a question he had been wanting to ask for so long.
“You killed her… How do you live with it?”
The pressure relinquished and Zidane landed on his feet. Orah backed away from him, a fear in his eyes. Just as quickly, he recovered, that furious expression sickening Zidane. 
His voice was calm. “You really expect me to take your blame?”
“N-No.” Zidane’s voice sounded soft, distant. “I just… The scent, they must have picked up our scent; that’s why they came.”
“I know why they came!” His voice boomed through the home, and distantly, Zidane heard something break. 
Orah was fuming, the rapid breaths coming out of his nose. His hand was in a fist, and for what seemed like a while, Zidane looked at it. Part of him was willing the punch to be thrown, allowing a clear opening to break Orah’s arm. Part of him knew he didn’t deserve that small victory.
“Her death,” Orah spat, “is because of you. You couldn’t hide your putrid fucking scent. That’s why they came. That’s why she died.”
That’s… Why… She…
“No.” The word fell from him silently, repeatedly. He mouthed it over and over, but again the image of Kyrene came. His mother with the bloodied wind chime through her head, mouth moving in the shape of one word. His name. His birth name. He couldn’t… He couldn’t’ve… 
Orah’s voice came again, further away this time, and like the first, the vibration of his words shook Zidane. Burrowing, tearing him apart from the inside.
“I have never considered you a son.”
No… No… No… Zidane felt his own hands against the front of his hair and he pressed his palms against his forehead. The pressure built, but it didn’t take away the reality. It didn’t take away anything. 
He didn’t realize Orah had left. He didn’t hear the footsteps, or the sound of flames rising to encompass his body. He didn’t hear anything of a departure, but somewhere along the lines of his breakdown his head rose—hands still against his forehead, his hair—and through blurry vision, he saw his father was gone. 
His breath stopped, the choking sobs catching in his throat. His breath continually hitched and tried to restart itself; a quick hyperventilation that Zidane couldn’t control no matter how hard he tried. He blinked, again holding the tears at bay. Lance was still seated, dressed in his human clothes, hunched over and head down. Digging the dirt out from the nail of his thumb. 
Zidane held his breath, balancing the air between his teeth. Forcing himself not to cry because if he did, everything would come undone and he wouldn’t be able to stop. He’d be back in that alleyway again, racked with so much pain and confusion and a guilt that he didn’t understand. He would feel that horrible sense of desperation to go back into the past; an emotion that would stick to him like a shadow for the rest of his life. Arzo’s voice came to him, softy spoken words accompanying the blurry sight of bloodied snow.
"A treacherous waste of air."
His hands clenched his hair tighter, trying to take away the pain trembling throughout his body. He opened his eyes to the floor, seeing the tears still balancing at the very rim of his vision. Calm, he told himself. Calm down...
Zidane tried to focus, tried to gain control of his lungs. Embarrassment began to creep up; Lance was still there, politely trying to hide away from all of this. Zidane had to get himself under control; he couldn’t be seen like this.
He forced a breath in, finding it incredibly difficult to slide a bit more air into his throat as his eyes opened. The lids stung as they parted, and his vision was blurred by liquid. He forced his gaze up.
Adelah was standing close by the table, moved a few steps away from her seat. Tears were falling from her eyes, the sky’s light from the window behind her illuminating the wet streaks on her face. Her fist was covering her mouth, knuckles of her hand turned against her lips. 
“I’m sorry…” she said. “I’m sorry… I’m sorry… I tried to stop him…” A silent hiccup moved through her, bowing her forward. “I tried…”
Zidane didn’t know how she got to the other side of the room; he didn’t focus enough to see a teleportation. He just knew in the next moment, her arms were around him, and she was hunched far enough down to place the bottom of his chin against the top of her shoulder. She was sobbing, crying, still. Whatever pain he’d been feeling before was momentarily numbed.
“I’m so sorry…” she repeated, saying it again as her head moved, the side of her face coming against the wound on the right side of his head. A wince hissed out of him, and both drew away from each other—one more immediate than the other. 
Zidane’s head had naturally turned as he pulled away, the wound facing Adelah. She raised a hand to it, and he felt the aura on her fingertips. She didn’t touch him, allowing him to feel the pleasant green accompany the energy as she looked at the cut. The green drew nearer, becoming more vivid, more soothing, and soon Zidane felt the tip of her finger run across the skin beneath his hair, finding no wound. 
Adelah straightened to her full height as her hand moved through the side of his hair, fingers peeking out from the strands. In quick but gently rhythms she began scrubbing with her palm, and a deep sense of nostalgia came to Zidane.
Of course. It was just like her to clean the blood from his hair. 
You know you don’t have to do that, he thought, connecting with her mind.
He felt the smile on Adelah’s face. “You know I always will.”
He almost felt like smiling. 
Her hand slid out of his hair, but not before giving a slight influence to his emotions. Yellow-green. He accepted the change, letting it rest near the numb hole in his chest. Letting it stay, before allowing it to pass on into the air. He didn’t deserve it.
“Stay the night,” Adelah said, speaking aloud to both him and Lance. “I have spare rooms.  I’ll try to get in contact with Yittek.”
Zidane knew she was telling the truth; the feeling was distant, but he could sense her thoughts searching, each one sending right after the next. Satellite signals.
Her hands were on his shoulders, turning and guiding him towards the other large room connected to the kitchen area. 
“Get some sleep,” she was saying. “I’ll have breakfast ready when you get up.”
A pain shot into him; his emotions were awake again, every ounce of sadness and insecurity striking the spot below his chest, above his stomach. The pouch that held his Razalek energy, its very existence the whole reason he was in this mess. The whole reason he was broken, incompetent… 
“A curse…”
He was more than that… Much more…
He blinked, the ceiling in front of him. He was lying down, a mattress below and sheets above. Zidane sat up, looking at his feet. His boots were still on; Adelah hadn’t taken them off. This was her way of showing she was accepting him, not minding the dirt of humans that came with his shoes. He looked out into the doorway, into the hall, the darkness around him completely silent. 
Zidane put his feet on the floor, standing up and feeling the weight of gravity settle in his legs. He blocked out any memories trying to come to him, making his way towards the corner of the room. He reached up, molding a thin part of the ceiling, pulling it towards him before directing it to a ninety-degree angle. 
Gathering a burst of energy, he jumped, hanging by one hand. He pulled himself up, raising his lower body until he was parallel with the ceiling. His tail reached past him, hooking onto the pole and wrapping around one, twice, three times. Tight enough for him to let go, strong enough for him to swiftly swing down, gravity rushing to his head. He let out a breath through his nose, content at the blood rushing to his head. Clearing the pure exhaustion behind his closed eyes. 
He centered himself, parting the negative emotions until there was nothing but a white speck. He focused on it, letting an exhale drain from him, letting his breath take him to where he needed to be. 
The scent of their room, a vanilla intermixed with a jasmine incense burning on top of her dresser, was the first thing to come to him. He noticed every bit of those first few moments, keeping his eyes closed. Staying. Being. And then he sensed her move. 
He rolled onto his side, meeting her half-way, her forehead snuggling against his chest. His arms wrapped around her, one of them diving between the mattress and her side to embrace her completely. Zidane opened his eyes again. He was staring at her, watching Zooka’s head shift, face resting against him. Her hand gripped his shirt, hands bunching the fabric near his shoulder. 
She didn’t say anything; her head shifted down, temple moving against his shirt. She was still asleep; he could tell by the way her face was twitching, discomfort flashing.
He brought one hand to her, pad of his thumb gently running along the space in between her eyebrows, erasing the knot that was there in her skin. She relaxed at his touch, night terror fading into something more peaceful. Something she more than deserved.
An emotion rose up inside him, a guilt that this clone—this other version of him, didn’t immediately smooth this discomfort away. What the hell had this clone been doing?
He was reckless, letting Ezyta send it off like that. He’d have to check in with it more, make sure it was working properly.
Zidane leaned down, gently placing a kiss against Zooka’s forehead. His thumb ran along the side of her face, lips pulling back and breaking the kiss. He rested his forehead against hers, watching her closed eyes for a moment before shutting his own. His thumb stroked her face again. Rejen; a gesture that accumulated to an immense amount of love. More than words could say.
The hand near her face moved, supporting the back of her head and cradling her to him a little more. He curled his upper body into her, resting his eyes, his forehead into her hair. He held on a little tighter, feeling that warmth. Whatever anyone tried to do, she would be here for him. Nights like these couldn’t be taken away; distances, universes, dimensions didn’t matter. As long as he could be like this, as long as he could be home, the rest didn’t exist. 
Nothing could change that. 










Chapter Twenty-Six
Missing Pieces

Lance sat down, feeling the bed below him instantly mold to his form. Whatever this mattress was, it was incredibly soft. Fatigue set in, and whether the drain was more physical or emotional, he couldn’t tell. A yawn stretched his mouth, a large breath silently moving out of him as he looked to one wall of the room Adelah had directed him into. Quite a bit of decoration. 
A statue had been engraved using the material of the wall, almost looking like a small statue of… Something. He couldn’t quite tell what it was, but it mostly resembled a koala. The animal was on all fours, back arched, body frozen in movement like it had just finished a perfect slide. Its eyes were like a snake’s, thin and dangerous, and its mouth was open wide, displaying sharp teeth with even longer, sharper fangs. Something that could’ve been either drool or venom was separating from its teeth.
Multiple thoughts came to Lance’s mind as he looked down, shaking his head slightly. This place is ridiculous was one of them, but he made a note to ask Zidane about the origin of the animal and its resemblances to the ones humans were familiar with.
The fatigue transitioned into a depression, memories of the last ten minutes or so speeding through his head. After everything that had happened to the poor guy… he could only hope Zidane was doing okay. 
Lance looked up, seeing Adelah standing at the doorway. His room was perfectly lit, thanks to a small, triangular light glowing at the center of the ceiling. This light also illuminated the hall enough to see Adelah and not much else. But he saw her standing there, looking down the hallway, worried.
He didn’t blame her, and on the thought about how to let her in, Lance saw the set angular ripples appear at the doorway. Adelah looked at them as well, and both watched the markings fade away, allowing her to step through. Lance hardly noticed the pattern change, becoming something circular as Adelah stopped a few steps into the room. She gave a light smile, the worry creasing her face lightening.
“I’m sorry. I don’t mean to interrupt. I know you’re probably very tired.” Her eye contact broke, glancing to floor. “I was hoping to ask you some things, if it’s alright.”
“Yeah, sure.” Lance offered his hand out in light gesture, and as Adelah walked further into the room, a chair materialized. 
She sat down, ends of her clothes gently floating upwards. “Thank you.” She was still nervous. Worried. Her face had barely relaxed since she had appeared.
Adelah looked up, bringing Lance’s eye to her. “How do you really know… him?”
“Zidane?”
Inspiration came to Adelah and she nodded. “Yes. That’s the name he’s going by?”
“Uh, yeah.” Lance allowed his hand to fall away from the back of his neck, looking down at his legs crossed together on the mattress. He didn’t feel like telling her the story, and part of him wondered how much she really knew about the twelve or so years separating Kyrene’s death and tonight. 
Either way, he wasn’t about to breach any privacy. He cleared his throat, looking away. “Yeah, that’s what he’s going by.”
He saw Adelah nod softly, almost agreeing with the name. 
“It’s an interesting choice,” she said, and Lance could feel the desire to know more burning off her. 
He ran a thumb, pushing it off the side of his lower lip. “You’d probably have to talk to him if you wanna know more.” 
 Adelah watched his hand, studying every movement he was making. She met his eyes. “Yes, of course. I will. If he’s open to speaking with me, of course.”
Lance nodded quietly, mentally tracing the path to the other side of the house. Trying to speed towards whatever room Zidane was in. No one deserved the aftereffects of tonight. Especially not someone like him.  
“Is that all you wanted to know?” he asked, looking to her.
“No,” Adelah responded. Her stare was on her hands, fingers threaded together on her lap. “I—”
“Oh, right!” Lance’s palm was stretching the side of his eye. He needed to wake up. “Right, you wanted to know how we met.” He grinned, the expression a little forced. “Sorry; didn’t mean to interrupt. It’s been a long day.”
Adelah gave him a small smile, the expression also more than a little strained. “It’s perfectly fine.” She continued on, making the question easier for him to answer: “You’re human?”
Shock prevented him from answering for the first few moments. He gathered his thoughts and gave a nod. “Yeah, uh, well mostly.” 
The tail Zidane had made for him was gone, and part of him wished he could just refer to the fake limb, joking that hopefully it wouldn’t be the end result, but—hey!—he was slowly getting there. 
“Part Spiro.” He forced the words out, the statement leaving a hole in his throat. He watched Adelah’s eyes widen, and seconds later, her head shook. 
“How? How did you—”
“I don’t know.” An image flashed into his mind, a face he had been warned of, a face he had seen while staying at a hospital. “I could tell you some details, but mostly I don’t know how it happened, or why.”
“So… Zidane is…?” 
“He’s helping me. Figure out a way to get me normal again.” He glanced up, waving a hand to correct himself. “Normal as in human, I mean.” Adelah briefly smiled in response and he continued on, remembering how he’d almost drowned. “I’d probably be dead by now if it wasn’t for him.”
Adelah didn’t respond. She was nodding softly, deeply concentrated as she looked down at the floor beside her. She was trying to figure all this out, connect what pieces Lance was giving her in hopes of forming the bigger picture. 
Good luck.
Slowly, her stare moved back to him. “So… That’s why you’re wanting to meet with Yittek?”
“Yeah, Zidane says he’s probably the best bet we have.”
“I understand,” Adelah said quietly, once again staring downwards. “So that’s all then?” She looked to him. “He’s simply helping you out?”
Lance dug a nail into the pad of his thumb, careful not to let the irritation show on his face or get angry enough for her to sense. This was a conversation she should probably be having with the person in question, not him.
Despite the hint of emotion, Adelah picked up on it. She stood up, chair sinking back into the floor.
“I’m sorry. You’re right, I should be talking with him instead. I just… Figured that maybe you’d be more open to speaking with me.”
Lance’s mood dampened. She was just trying to help. Probably the least she could do after all that’d happened. 
“No, it’s alright,” he replied. “You’re just trying to help. I can understand that. I…” The words hung onto his mouth, his mind trying to dig up more. Remember the blank spots in his memory, like how Zidane had gotten to him. “Just wish I could tell you more, but there’s things that’ve happened and I don’t know how they did.” A laugh came from him, dark and quiet. “I don’t even know why I was injected in the first place.”
Adelah was searching the floor, and this time she wasn’t trying to figure out Zidane’s part in this. She wasn’t as concentrated, as concerned as before. But then, she spoke.
“I… Feel like it may have been something to do with working from the inside out,” she said, looking up to meet his eyes. “You mentioned being ‘injected’. Do you remember who did this to you? Spiro or Razalek?”
“Razalek.” That face with yellow eyes and blue hair, that wide grin, all of it sent chills down Lance’s back. He shook them off. “I’d never seen him before.”
Adelah nodded, once then twice. “That makes sense.” She looked around the room, searching for something. “How can I explain this to you? No, that wouldn’t be something you’d understand...” Eventually, she turned back, letting out a quiet sigh. “My main point is it’s possible that the Razalek who injected you was trying to… Make a weapon, in some cases. When you take something apart, when you work backwards and look at what makes something act the way it does, you can use what you’ve learned. You can attach that knowledge to destroying that thing, if you’d like.”
“You’re talking about the war, right?” Lance asked. “So he was trying to make me a weapon against Spiros?”
“It’s entirely against our treaty, the one applied to both sides,” Adelah said. “Even speaking about this is a viable offense, though as long as word doesn’t get around, I suppose everything will be okay.” She looked to Lance, seeming concerned again. “I’m only speculating, but if I had to put a reason as to why you are the way you are, then yes, that would be my answer. I hope this helped—” A silence came, and Lance quickly filled it in with his name. His real one. 
“—La-ance.” Adelah repeated, seeming strained at the new sounds. “Where does your name come from?”
Lance hesitated, confused at the question. He tried to answer it. “It probably goes way back. It’s not something recent.”
Adelah seemed pleased with this. A smile came to her face. “An ancient name. Humans are rather fond of culture, aren’t they?”
“Only what they get to pick and choose.” 
For the first time, he heard Adelah laugh. Her hand covered her mouth, keeping the laugh inside. Her eyes opened, smiling at him. “I won’t keep you awake any longer, La-ance. I’ve overstayed my welcome as it is. Thank you for this talk.”
Lance nodded. “Yeah, you’re welcome. Thanks for the help.”
She smiled, nodding back to him, and as she left the room, Lance began thinking. He knew a lot, enough for his perception of the world to be completely flipped. But as much as he did know, as many pieces of the puzzle that he did have, there were some very vital parts missing; chunks of the main picture gone. How had Zidane gotten to him? How had he known about the cells in Lance from the beginning?
The questions just kept coming.






















Chapter Twenty-Seven
Progress

Zidane breathed out, slowly exhaling through his nose. His eyes remained closed, but he could see the sky’s morning light shining into the room. He could feel the gravity, blood still settled to his head from his upside-down position. His tail was aching from having to constantly suspend his body; it’d been a long time since he’d hung like this for more than a few hours.
Part of him still didn’t want to move. But he knew he had to. It was morning; Yittek had probably released the barrier by now. Zidane let go of the pole suspending him, flipping over and breathing out, floating down enough to land quietly on his feet.
He blinked, noticing a cloud of sleeplessness along one side of his brain. Even next to her, he’d hardly slept.
Know who to blame for that one.
He looked out towards the hall, still not stepping forward yet. He didn’t want to do this... Memories began appearing, stills from last night, and Zidane forced himself to move. Even if his feet were dragging, he had to move.
He turned, moving along the hall and hearing a voice. Lance’s. Was he hurt? What was going on?
No; he was casually talking about something, still speaking in Razalek tongue. Something about wheels and metal paths.
His voice gradually grew a little louder, and as Zidane began nearing the kitchen, he gathered his energy. Using to straighten his posture, pick up his steps a little more
By the time he was arm’s length away from the kitchen’s wide doorway, he had replaced his mask once again.
He stepped into the doorway’s line of sight, immediately feeling leftover energy from last night. Tendrils of black pierced through his sense of calm, waking him up. Adelah was staring from her spot at the kitchen table.
She hardly acknowledged the spike in his mood; only giving a soft smile with mostly her eyes. She understood the pain, and she was still worried about him, still wanting to know what was going on.
After last night, he wasn’t sure what she was planning. He wasn’t about to tell her.
His foot shifted back, the slide no more than an inch. Adelah was speaking to him, smile more genuine.
“Come,” she slid the chair next to her backwards, opening a spot for him. “Sit with us. Lance was just explaining—” She turned to the human, and when she spoke again, the name more than awkward in her mouth. “Musement perks?”
“Amusement parks,” Lance said, glancing down. He looked back, smiled a little. “Close, though.”
“Ah-muh-use-ment parks.” Adelah stretched out, turning back to Zidane with something of a grin on her face. “Have you ever been to one?”
He hadn’t, since there were always way too many people there, but he only looked to Lance.
“I’m going to go fill Yittek in on everything,” he said. “His barrier’s down”—Adelah nodded in agreement, slipping the end of a fork out of her mouth—”so now’s probably a good time before he picks up another appointment.”
Plates were suddenly suspended in front of him, dishes that would’ve looked delicious, if he hadn’t known how badly they were cooked.
Maybe I’m just spoiled by Zoo’s cooking.
Adelah was talking to him. He looked past the plates, watching her mouth and connecting the shapes to words.
A memory triggered, chilling every part of him.
Nachi.
His half-sister’s words hung in the silence before he brought himself back. Adelah nudged the plates a little towards him, sending a thought to his brain.
“At least have something before you go.”
He severed the mental connection, dropping it to its minimal setting. He had enough energy to teleport to Yittek and back; when he’d connected with the clone, he’d thickened the link between the two bodies, making it so the clone was using its nearly full energy storage to keep him linked. It’d worked perfectly. 
Zidane pulled in a breath, his stare going to Adelah. Orah’s voice came into his mind, spoken in part of a memory.
“Are you getting what you wanted out of this?”
The words still hurt. Maybe they always would. Why would she have planned that? What good could that have possibly brought?
He has never been there for me. Flames rose up, covering his vision of his half-sister. And neither has she...
He wasn’t about to think of the aftermath, her sobbing against him like that. Something of another plan. Get close enough to incite another meeting, another attempt at whatever the original goal was. Maybe. The flames died down, and Zidane felt the energy of his surroundings reach out. Healing, a pale grey-blue. Almost like coming home.
He was in the examination room, Yittek standing at the medicine counter in the front. A glass vial was in his hand, glowing softly, but his dark-eyed stare was on Zidane.
The wall Zidane had been building up for the past twelve hours began crumbling. He looked down, away from the gentle eyes. Yittek’s energy reached out, cautiously, a gentle request inside his mind.
Zidane resisted at first, visibly moving back and sensing the energy recoil as well. He didn’t have to, it was his choice, of course.
Zidane gave in, letting the energy move into his forehead, connecting with his memories. And they all came, one after the other, speeding through with every word spoken, every blow felt, every feeling amplified again.
He was so weak. He couldn’t even talk about it. He had to show him like this... again.
I can’t do this again, Zidane told himself, his own voice speaking below the words of the memory. Words his own father had told him. This has to be the last time...
The memories faded, and Zidane was met with the darkness created by closed eyelids. He opened his eyes, revealing the brightness of the room again. Most of Yittek’s energy retraced, some lingering. Trying to soothe away the darkness in Zidane’s own aura.
“I’m sorry this happened,” Yittek said, speaking quietly into the silence. “Let me know if I can ever be of any consultation, Zidane.”
Zidane just shook his head, the small gesture taking more energy than he expected. He was exhausted again, just by reliving it all. He imagined Adelah speaking to him, asking the question he knew she would when he got back. Why was he doing this?
Making his life better. Giving Zooka what she deserved, because she had done so much for him and he had repaid her with so little.
He pulled himself upright, straightening his back, looking to Yittek while his hands found his pockets.
“I need your help with something.”
_______________
Yittek was silent for a long moment. He stayed standing in front of the counters, leaning against them with his arms crossed.
Finally, he smiled.
“Well,” he said, “you certainly have yourself in a bind.”
Zidane stayed sitting, thinking about the examination table below him. How human it was, and how Lance needed to be sitting here. A try at a distraction—one he didn’t deserve.
“You think there’s a way?” he asked, looking up to Yittek.
The Razalek nodded. “I’ll need to see him first, but I’ll see what I can do.”
“Thank you,” Zidane breathed.
“But first”—Yittek stepped forward, walking towards Zidane—“A checkup.”
Zidane smiled, unzipping his jacket and sliding it off his shoulders, his arms. He slipped his black shirt off, discarding it onto the table. Yittek smiled.
“I supposed I’m still used to seeing you as a child.”
Zidane allowed a grin to stretch his face. If there was one plus MOCT had given him besides secrecy, it was a body.
Yittek stopped in front of him, speaking as he placed two fingers on the right side of Zidane’s chest.
“How’s Zooka?” he asked in between heartbeats.
“She’s fine,” Zidane replied, feeling that familiar light come to him. “Haven’t been able to see her much, though.”
Yittek hummed.
“Adventures can be quite the handful,” he said. 
Zidane twitched a smile, a darkness descending into his chest. This wasn’t an adventure; a race against time, more like it.
“Have you been getting enough sleep?”
Zidane smiled a little, breathing out a laugh. “Define ‘enough’.”
Yittek hummed in reply, removing his hand and taking Zidane’s. He pressed against the crossbreed’s marking, feeling for any bumps or thinness of skin, as he spoke again. 
“The medication I gave you isn’t working?”
Zidane swallowed, looking down at his feet, the floor below. “It did.” A sarcastic smile shot onto his face. “For a few nights. Can’t believe I actually slept that soundly.”
Yittek glanced to him, transferring to the other hand. “And then?”
Zidane shrugged, avoiding his gaze. 
“Nightmares started up again.”
“I see.” Yittek nodded. He held Zidane’s bicep with a hand, thumb burrowing into the muscle. Wiggling as it descended, checking for any tears or deformities. 
Like the rest of me isn’t one giant deformity, Zidane thought bitterly. 
A push on his emotions; an influence Zidane accepted. He allowed himself to calm down, watching from the corner of his vision as Yittek walked around him, beginning to press against his shoulders, his back. Feeling the nerves. Light pain spiked into him, and Zidane gritted his teeth. 
Yittek continued poking and prodding, calmly telling Zidane to flex certain muscles and watching the response. All perfectly normal—or as normal as they could be, given the mixture. 
His arm was lifted, tricep and forearm muscles prodded, flexed. His arm rotated around, stretching behind himself as Yittek walked around the table, holding his arm.
“It’s been a while since I’ve checked up on Zooka,” Yitetek commented.
“Yeah,” Zidane smiled, looking in Yittek’s direction. “You need more humans to experiment on?”
A massive flash of guilt, of pain came to him. To think he wanted to make a joke, when Lance was in the danger that he was…
Zidane swallowed, trying to shove the feeling away. But it stayed there, perched upon his gut. A home. 
“Perhaps,” Yittek replied.
The crossbreed stayed silent, feeling his tail become stretched out, measured.
“Fifty-four,” Yittek said, relaying the inches. His tail was released, curving tightly around the side of his leg, draping off the table as the measuring tool disappeared in spots of fire. “Gained half-an-inch since I saw you last.”
Zidane’s stomach dampened. His tail wasn’t what needed to change… 
A thumb dug into his back—Zidane winced, the hiss quiet as Yittek spoke.
“Every time…”
“It’s a nerve,” Zidane said, sensing Yittek nod. “It’s supposed to hurt.”
Light laughter fell out with the words, and Yittek chuckled deeply.
“I suppose so,” he replied. “But you should feel special—you’re my only patient who gets to feel that.”
For a moment, Zidane almost felt something of pride. But the feeling was stomped, squelched by a flash of honesty. He wasn’t anything special—a special freak, maybe… 
But even then… I’m so far below “freak.”
He looked up. Yittek stayed standing, staring at Zidane. He’d said something, and Zidane had totally missed it. 
“Sorry.” Zidane ran a hand against a closed eye. “What’d you say?”
"You can bring in Lance, if you’d like," the Razalek said, rubbing his hands as if he were soaping them up. A sterilization.
Zidane nodded. There wasn’t any time to waste.
He connected with the human’s mind.
You ready? he asked.
“Yeah,” Lance replied in laughter. “I’m just talkin’ with your sister about the Muppets. Pretty funny what she doesn’t understand.”
Zidane soured, and whether it was his own brilliance or some shift in energy, Lance caught the change in mood. 
“I mean, she’s still a bitch, but—”
I’ll teleport you over when you’re ready. 
“I’m good; I’m ready.”
Without a breath, Zidane materialized a portal close by. He almost smiled; Yittek had an unlimited supply of energy in this place, having hooked it up to plants on the surface of the Inner-Earth above. Any energy used also got recycled.
Lance stepped through the portal, hands in the pocket of his hoodie. He looked around, eyes stopping on Yittek.
“You must be Yittek.”
______________________
Lance watched the Razalek nod. 
“I am.” English. Finally, someone who would understand him. 
A dark hand was extended. “It’s nice to meet you, Lance.”
Lance slipped one hand in the pocket of his hoodie, extending the other one. “Likewise.”
The smile he got in return was warm, friendly. Lance felt a little more at ease. But even still, it was a little nerve-wracking, not knowing what was to come. 
Their hands let go of one another, and Zidane slid off the examination table, grabbing his shirt and jacket with one hand. 
“All yours.” The crossbreed grinned.
Lance twitched out a smile, stare going to the examination table. It looked like a regular doctor’s, plastic sheet and all. Would this be just some kind of check-up?
Foreign language floated around him as Zidane slipped his shirt on again. Lance felt his mood deflate. Great, more words he couldn’t understand. Zidane snapped his fingers, seeming to remember something, and said some words to Yittek. The Razalek nodded, responding as Zidane’s jacket was zipped. 
Ugh.
“I’m headed to the library,” Zidane told Lance, whose heart leapt, hearing English. “I’ll see you in a bit.”
“Yeah, see you later.” Lance nodded. 
“Oh, wait.” Zidane stopped walking after a handful of strides. Laughing, he spoke. “I’m so used to walking everywhere.” His hands and arms outstretched, a materialized wind covering the parts of his body it touched. “I love the energy in this place, Yittek!” 
In a matter of moments, he was gone. Yittek spoke, his voice soft with something Lance couldn’t quite place. 
“I know you do, Zidane.”
The Razalek turned to Lance. Bowing, he extended one arm to the table.
“Shall we?”













Chapter Twenty-Eight
Examination

Lance sat with his shirt beside him, feet lightly kicking out into the open air. This was weird, but not any weirder than going to a normal doctor, right?
He swallowed, watching Yittek feel his heartbeat with two fingers. 
Finally, the Razalek pulled away.
“Heart sounds good.”
Lance let out a breath of relief. Good. 
“Extend your arm for me, please.”
Lance did so, long dark fingers slipping through the spaces of his and palm pressing against his hand. His wrist was rotated, bent up and down. Basic flexibility. Good. 
What the hell do I think he’s gonna do? Probe me?
A half-grin shot onto Lance’s face. Yittek glanced to him, releasing his hand. 
“Zidane tells me you’re a musician.”
“Uh, yeah,” Lance replied, feeling a flash of pain. “I play guitar.”
Yittek hummed, nodding as he felt Lance’s arm. Checking certain muscles. “I’ve always found the guitar to be a beautiful instrument. Even the distortion can have a certain element of wonder.”
Lance nodded, trying to force back memories. His eyes began to sting, and he closed them. Not now… Don’t think of them now…
A hand patted his shoulder. 
“We’ll get them back.”
His eyes opened, and he twisted around, seeing Yittek finish walking behind him. 
“You mean the memories?” 
The Razalek nodded, hands coming to hold one another behind his back. “You have my word, Lance.”
Another smile. This time, Lance returned it as a grin.
“Great,” he said. “Awesome.”
“Awesome, indeed.” The word was a little awkward, coming from the Razalek’s mouth. As if were brand new. “Please look ahead; I must examine your back muscles.”
Lance did so, turning ahead and feeling a finger prod the muscle running beside his left shoulder blade. The prods moved downwards, then switched to the other muscle. 
“So far, so good…”
A voice came to him: “So far, so good… Hm, I see your blood type is A-negative. That’ll be a bit difficult.”
Skin flaking. Yellow-eyes, blue hair. Lance shut the memory out.
He cleared his throat.
“What’re you checking for?” Lance asked, tempted to look behind himself.
Yittek tapped a spot near his left shoulder blade. “I’m testing to see if any new muscles have grown in,” he said.
Lance bit his tongue, stifling a shout, and felt another pressure at the back of his neck, directly in the center. There were Spiro muscles there, too?
He curled his hands a little, knuckles running against white tissue paper. It was just a matter of time, before they could get the cells out...
Yittek pulled away. “I’ll check your lower-half and we’ll be done with the first part of the examination.” He walked around. “Please remove your shoes.”
My lower-half? Lance thought as he removed his Converse, placing them on the table beside him.
His knees were tapped, tested for reflexes, his calves and shins prodded and poked. His ankles looked at for an exceptional amount of time.
“There a new muscle on the ankle, too?” he asked, his leg extended and Yittek holding his socked foot.
His foot was rotated, sock peeled back to look at his Achilles’ heel.
“Yes,” Yittek answered, lowering his leg and picking up the other one for the same examination. “And I’m not seeing anything out of the ordinary.”
Lance let out a tiny sigh. Good. But he probably would’ve noticed if another muscle was growing on his foot.
A thought occurred to him.
“Does Zidane have these muscles?”
Yittek nodded, pulling back the sock on his other foot. “Yes, but some of them are fused with muscles of a Razalek. When he was younger, it was a miracle he was walking.”
Wow. Lance stayed quiet, head mostly down, watching Yittek from the top of his vision. Finally, his leg was set down, and Yittek nodded to Lance.
“Open your mouth, please.”
Lance did so, allowing Yittek’s hand to tilt his head up. Yittek held out one finger, a glowing light appearing at the tip.
Lance remained still, confusion breaking onto his face. Thankfully, Yittek noticed; the Razalek glanced to Lance’s eyes, and then spoke with his voice a little withdrawn.
“I’m looking for the small organ that forms at the very top of the throat, or the back of the mouth,” he said. “It’s the main Spiro reproductive organ.”
Lance nearly pulled away out of shock, brain forcing him to stay still.
“Good. I’m not seeing anything.” Yittek withdrew, beginning to rub his hands as if he were soaping them up. Lance let out a small breath of relief.
“Part one is complete. I’ll need to take a few blood samples, and then we’ll be done for today.”
After this, Lance thought, following through with extending an arm and making a tight fist, We’ll know how many Spiro cells are inside me...
Yittek’s hand was poised as if he were measuring something small with two fingers. The nail of his index met a vein on Lance’s arm, and the space between his fingers grew, dark blood filling it.
“What color is Spiro blood?” he asked, but from Zidane’s memories and last night, he already knew.
“A bright red,” Yittek answered, placing the blood a foot away. It rested as if it were in an invisible vial, and more blood was taken. “Your coloring is good,” he said calmly. “It means the cells haven’t gotten to your blood cells.”
“So are they just floating around there or...?”
Yittek nodded. “Perhaps. It’s a little hard to tell, given the unpredictability of this situation.”
Lance gave a sad smile, a hint of a laugh. “I take it this doesn’t happen very often.”
Yittek shook his head, returning the smile. “No,” he replied. “It doesn’t.”
Lance sighed a little out of relief. Yittek took another two samples before withdrawing, holding a finger against the prick in Lance’s arm. A calm feeling, and when his finger was removed, Lance saw no wound.
“This sample is for testing a medication called Ethulin,” Yittek began, motioning with a vial. “The rest are for testing different amounts of Razalek energy.”
“That can help?” Lance asked.
“It may. However, too much can trigger a cleansing.”
“That’s why Zidane has so many then...”
Yittek met his eyes for a moment before nodding. “Yes, unfortunately.”
Lance looked to the first vial, swimming with his blood. “What’s Ethulin do?”
“Hunts down foreign cells,” Yittek replied, gathering each one in his hand.
“Sounds like it’s right up my alley then.”
The Razalek nodded, smiling faintly. “Yes, it is.” The vials disappeared in a light burst of fire. “It takes a few days to work, but hopefully we’ll see positive results.”
“Yeah.” Apprehension twisted Lance’s gut. He tried to swallow it down, tried to be happy they were taking the first step towards him getting back to normal.
“What happens if we don’t?”
Yittek smiled. “We try again.” A sudden expression of remembrance came to him. “Oh, and Lance?”
“Yeah?”
“Please let me know if you experience any sudden healing or bursts of anger.”
Lance paused. The healing part, he could guess, but the anger?
“Why anger?” he asked.
“Strictly speaking between humans and Razaleks, any negative emotion such as anger or sadness, will weaken your immune system. By Spiro standards, the immune system gets slightly stronger when anger or sadness is experienced, since this is an adaptive trait designed for survival.”
Lance took a moment, connecting the reason why. So they wouldn’t suffer the repercussions of having a lowered immune system or seem internally weak.
“So,” he began, “by getting angry or whatever, I would be feeding these cells?”
Yittek nodded. “Yes, that’s exactly it. Because of this trait, Spiros naturally have a higher tendency to get angry, so the more these cells grow—”
The angrier I’ll get, Lance finished.
“Right again.” Yittek smiled. “Please let me know if you feel any sudden changes in mood.”
“Yeah, sure.” Lance tried to match his smile. It was good, talking about this, he told himself. It was progress.
It had to be.
________________
Lance stepped into the library, instantly overwhelmed by the size. Even the floor was made out of shelves, light ripples spreading out where he stood.
Lance picked one foot up, seeing the ripples fade away.
“This is crazy,” he breathed in a laugh.
Yittek smiled down at him.
“I suppose it is rather strange, isn’t it?” he agreed. “Zidane should be somewhere in here.”
Lance looked ahead of himself, searching for something that wasn’t books. But quickly his focus was once again taken by the floor.
“Why’s it ripple like that?” he asked.
“It’s trying to sense your true intentions,” Yittek responded. “If you simply want to read”—His feet suddenly dropped to the shelf directly below him, ripples coming away from his ankles. With a smile, he continued on—“Then you’re able to.”
Lance met his gaze, still a few feet above. “But what if you don’t wanna read?” he asked, matching the Razalek’s smile.
“Then”—The translucent floor suddenly turned red, and an unknown panic fell into Lance as Yittek’s body suddenly jumped out from the floor—“An alarm goes off, preventing theft.”
“Huh.” Lance looked around, seeing there were even books on the ceiling. “That’s cool.”
Yittek smiled.
“I suppose it is.” He looked down to Lance. “I trust you to be in good hands here.”
Lance nodded. “I’ll be fine.”
He wandered the aisles for a few minutes, searching for the familiar ashen grey of Zidane’s uniform. He soon spotted it.
Lance walked down the aisle, kicking Zidane’s foot as he passed by. “Hey.”
Lance turned back, scowling a little at the fact Zidane didn’t even look up from the book. He flipped a page, continuing to scan.
Lance let out a breath as he sat down against the opposite shelf, relaxing with his ankles crossed and his hands folded against his stomach.
“You find anything yet?”
Zidane blinked, looking up to him. A stretch of the eyes, a hand rose to pull one down as he spoke.
“No,” he said quietly, sniffing as he rubbed the same eye with a knuckle. “But I’m sure there’s something.”
Lance nodded, silently hoping he was right. There were a damn lot of books in this place—surely one of them would hold some kind of answer.
Right?
He was about to ask this when Zidane spoke, relaxing back against his shelf and continuing to read.
“How was the checkup?”
“Fine, I guess,” Lance replied, picking at his teeth and examining the nail. “Don’t got some weird sack growing in the back of my mouth, so—”
Light laughter cut through the already fading words. Zidane grinned, eyes lightening.
“Good,” he said. “I’m glad.”
“Yeah,” Lance said. He stared at the shelf in front of him, mind trying to sort through everything that had just happened.
“Spiro anatomy is fuckin’ weird.”
Another grin. Another turn of the page. “I’m sure it is. You’d be surprised at some of the Razalek anatomy.”
Lance raised a brow, almost scared to ask.
“What?” he said finally, hesitantly.
“They’ve got two stomachs, one behind the first one, and they’ve got a film covering their eyes for additional protection.”
Lance made a face.
“Ew. Do you have that?”
Zidane shook his head. “Second stomach didn’t form completely and my film never developed, so no.”
Lance stayed quiet, unsure of what to say. I’m sorry? That sucks?
He said nothing, simply staring at his shoes. The black-and-white Xs of his laces crossed on top of one another.
“What’re you reading?” he asked finally.
The book was dropped, smacking against a tall pile. “A useless book.”
Another one was grabbed, and Lance scooted forward.
“Can I read?”
Zidane nodded, reaching out and tapping the center of Lance’s forehead. Similar to before, Lance felt an entire language download into his mind. And similar to before, a soft throb started up in the back of his brain.
“Thanks.”
Zidane nodded, going back to the book he’d been reading before. Lance took one from the tallest stack and settled back, beginning to read. 







Chapter Twenty-Nine
Under Glass

	“I’m afraid to report that the medications were unsuccessful,” Yittek began, hands behind himself as he walked to where Lance sat at the examination table. “It seems the cells are adapting to blend in with your human side. Camouflage, if you will.”
“Shit...” Lance breathed. “So what do we do?”
“Try again.” Yittek placed a finger on Lance’s inner arm, drawing more blood.
“With a different medicine, or...?”
Yittek nodded, placing the vial a few feet away. “I’ll try one called Withren. Similar to Ethulin, except a bit more potent.”
Lance stayed quiet for a moment, watching his blood appear in between the space of two fingers. “Are there a lot of Razalek diseases?” he asked finally, looking up to Yittek.
“A few fatal ones, a few non-fatal ones. Energy sappers, received from plants in the forest-area.”
“Oh.” Glad I’m not a Razalek then. “What about Spiros?”
“Far more. Airborne, insect-traveled, some humanlike with cold-like symptoms. But it causes a high fever as well and can lead to death. More often than the human disease.”
Another vial began to fill as Lance hesitantly asked, “C-Can I get that? Those diseases?”
Yittek gave him a warm smile, taking a third vial.
“Let’s hope not.”
______________________

Days passed by in blurs of research. In and out of the examination room, fatigue reaching his eyes, seeping into his very bones. A side effect of one medication, Yittek said. Daily instructions were clear: sit here, arm out, blood drawn. Eat, drink this. It’ll help.
Those were always Yittek’s words: it’ll help.
Lance tried to believe him, even when countless test after test proved otherwise. Even when he couldn’t sleep at night, worrying if he’d ever get better. Ever see his family again. 
“Zidane mentioned you needed to combine memories with the samples he took,” Lance said one day.
Yittek nodded. “I’m optimizing the samples as we speak. Stretching them, in a way, so we can combine as many memories as possible.”
“And how do we do that?”
A small pill was dispensed into his open palm. Lance took it as Yittek replied.
“Recording your thoughts and mental images as you speak of your loved ones.”
Sounds easy enough. “When can we get started?”
Yittek returned his grin.
“In a day or so,” he replied.
Lance tried to remain hopeful, even when the day came and his stomach didn’t loosen.


Chapter Thirty
Memories

“Tell me about Cal.”
Lance looked up from the floor, watching the small strand float in between Yittek’s fingers. The MDNA sample, cloned and listening to whatever he was about to say. Words that would hopefully spark some memories. 
Lance looked down again, clearing his throat as he gathered his legs, holding his ankles as he sat on the examination table. 
“We’ve... Known each other for a long time.” The memory of Cal looking at him, confused and slightly afraid came back. Lance focused on breathing. “Since kindergarten, so like twelve... Twelve years, I guess?” At Yittek’s stare, he decided for himself, giving a shrug. “Yeah, probably around twelve.” 
He hunched forward, clawing his hands through his hair, trying to focus on that pressure instead of the pain of Cal forgetting him. 
“Um, met him in kindergarten when he put paste in my hair. I shoved some crayons in his mouth.” Lance laughed a little bit at this, taken by the memory of a small Cal with short, combed hair and his mouth full of crayons.
“He started laughing after he took them out, and I think it was because he just didn’t expect me to do anything in response.”
Yittek nodded, smiling as well. 
“So yeah, we’ve been friends ever since then.” Lance stopped talking, eyes searching the floor as his mind sped through so many moments. Days, periods in his life he had taken for granted. 
“Do you... Do you want me to go through everything?” Lance asked Yittek.
The Razalek only shook his head. “If you feel it would trigger a memory.” 
Lance paused, speaking quietly. “Maybe just the important ones...” 
He started talking again, telling Yittek and the strand about how he’d gotten the scar on his hand when he and Cal tried to ditch class. Talking about summers spent with bike and skateboard injuries, laughing over one another’s groans of pain from their place on the ground.
Lance felt a softness come to him, a comfort like he was talking about a dear family member. A brother.
He swallowed back the pain wanting to close up his throat, hunching over again and bringing his hands to his face. 
“So... I’m not totally sure when it was,” he began, knowing he was lying; he could never forget this, “but um, a few... Months or so... Before...” He folded his hands, allowing his eyes to meet Yittek’s. The Razalek nodded, allowing him to continue. 
Lance leaned back, hands supporting him from behind. Stretching his shoulders a bit. “About six months before everything happened... I... I noticed Cal start acting pretty weird. Like, even weirder than he normally did. He started skipping practice, didn’t answer any calls or texts. Started cutting class more than he usually did. I, uh, realized—kinda found out—that he got hooked on cocaine from some idiot selling it at school.” 
Lance breathed, trying to beat back the anger inside him. Control. Controlling himself was key to fighting these cells. 
“He started smoking, too, just standard cigarettes, but I didn’t know about that until I found out about the coke thing. He’d started that about a month before.”
“The cigarettes?” Yittek asked. 
Lance nodded, and tried to focus back on the memory. Recite the words Cal had told him, his mind blocking out the sight of his eyes so wide and hands continuing to claw through his hair. Over and over again like he couldn’t stop himself. 
“He... His parents were divorcing. Dad had started to gamble and got into a ton of debt, then when his mom found out he started hitting her.” Lance swallowed back the tightness in his throat, focusing on the feeling of his knuckles against the examination table. Trying to distract himself with feeling something familiar. 
“His little sister didn’t see any of it happen; she was at a sleepover or something with her friends. Cal stepped in and tried to push him off but he just got clocked in the face.” Lance shut his eyes, trying to block out the memory of seeing Cal’s face. How his friend’s eyes didn’t look up to meet his, one hand continuing to try and casually cover his cheek. How tired his eyes looked beneath the classroom’s bright lights. 
“His dad wore these stupid class rings, like really thick ones. Nearly broke the bones in his jaw.”
Lance breathed, shifting himself forward again. Tried to focus on the patterns in the floor. 
“His sister, Chloe, eventually found out about the divorce part, and she took it pretty hard. Went to therapy while Cal just turned to those stupid fucking drugs.”
Yittek allowed the silence to stretch for a few seconds. 
“You feel guilty you weren’t there for him.” There was a hint of a question in his voice, but Lance knew Yittek understood. Completely sympathized with him. 
Lance nodded, the motion harder to do than he thought. 
“Yeah,” he got out, his hand finding his hair, pressing a palm over his closed eyes, and trying to stop himself from crying, “I do. I hate how he didn’t even tell me. Fucking pushed the fact his dad hit him over on some sort of street fight. Like some idiots just jumped him...”
He curled his fingers, gripping his hair and clenching his teeth. Refusing to let this sad tension get anywhere higher than the middle of his throat. He forced himself to keep speaking. 
“So I started helping him off the shit. Spent most of my time with him, spent most of the money I made into making sure he wouldn’t go back and destroy himself like that. I... I never told him how much I spent. He... never found out.” Lance breathed, trying to regain himself. Fight away the thought of how all of these moments were gone. Known only to him. “I barely got any sleep. My other friends, Danny and Trent, they helped too. Tried to get their hands on any movie, any game, anything they could find. Basically quarantined ourselves in Trent’s room until Cal was clean.” 
Lance fought down the weight in his throat again, filling in a detail, hoping it would trigger something in the sample. “Trent’s parents were gone most of the time, so most of the time we stayed around there. Practiced there mostly, too. Before we got our hands on another place.”
“You mentioned practicing before.”
Lance looked towards him, a little surprised. “Yeah. Sorry. I forgot to mention. I... was in a band.” 
“It’s perfectly alright,” Yittek replied, waving a hand. “Continue on.”
Lance nodded.
“So we played a lot, at his house. Practicing covers, playing original music. It was nice. He wasn’t using and we were getting better.”
These words were the easiest to say. He was falling into a comfort. A passion that woke something up inside him, a type of light. 
As he spoke, he fought back the thought of Zooka, the similar feeling she brought him. His words stumbled, and Yittek noticed. 
“I’m sure that’s enough for today.” He took the sample, and Lance noticed it was glowing a bit more. 
The lights hummed above them, gently brightening the room again. Lance’s sight adjusted easily, and he kept his stare on the strand. 
“Why’s it glowing?” he asked. “Is that a good thing?”
Yittek nodded. “It’s giving me more of Cal’s memories to work with. Attaching what you’ve said onto his fragments. The blanks your absence has left behind.”
“Good...” Lance smiled, feeling the tension leave him. “That’s good... Isn’t it?”
Yittek nodded. “Yes.”
Lance returned his smile. 
“Good.”
___________
“What about your mother?”
Lance coughed. Talking about Cal yesterday was one thing, but his mom?
He looked down to his lap, the hands that were holding one another. He thought, really took a moment to think back. Examining all corners of their relationship.
“She’s... My mom,” he said, feeling stupid repeating something so simple. “She hasn’t always been there—she worked a lot, when I was growing up, so I was babysat most of the time. We...fought a lot, for a few years. The real stuff started when I was about fifteen and formed Carry the Creation.”
“Your band?”
Lance nodded, even though Yittek couldn’t see him in the darkness. “Yeah, the band. We argued a lot, about my job and everything. She, uh”—He scratched at his hair, eyes shutting—“Didn’t like the whole ‘musician’ thing. She’s a lawyer, so, it’s kinda opposite.” 
He looked up to Yittek. “How much do I have to talk?”
Yittek stayed standing, strand dangling from two fingers. “Just a few more memories. Try going specific.”
“Um, there was one time when we were arguing—I mean like really going at it—and she started throwin’ shit. Like dishes and stuff.” His eyes closed, mouth releasing a sigh. “So, yeah. That’s basically our relationship.” A memory came, and he swallowed thickly. Teetering between breaking down and silencing his emotions completely. 
“Before I... Got kidnapped, I was in the hospital. She was there, too, not as a patient, but just to be there for me. Told me about my Dad, who I had never heard anything about before. We... Bonded.” He paused, cleared his throat. Raised himself up a little, shifting his position on the examination table. “She was nice, supportive... Even offered to give me my Dad’s old guitar.” Another glance up, but this time Lance looked away. “I didn’t know my father, growing up. He died when I was young.”
Injected with the same cells...
Lance nearly spoke this, nearly said it out into the open, but he kept silent. Not wanting to revisit the past, the four minutes his father had struggled as his body tried to fight off the cells. Was it a cleansing that killed him? Or was it a mutation that happened because the cells won? 
The guy who kidnapped me said ‘they rejected him’. Whatever that means.
So why are the cells hanging with me so well? 
“Lance?”
He looked to Yittek, slightly embarrassed. “Yeah, sorry.” He cleared his throat, hand dropping back to his lap. “So, we got better in the hospital, my mom and I. It was nice. And then everything went to shit.”
“You got injected with the cells,” Yittek replied, voice hushed. 
Lance nodded. “Yeah, I got injected. Zidane was there when I woke up, saying he was here to help me.”
I owe him, Lance thought. Even if I don’t know how he got to me.
“So yeah,” he finished. “The hospital was the last good memory I have of her.”
The bottom of his sight blurred and Lance closed his eyes once more, thankful the room was darkened. 
“I believe that’s enough.” The lights came on again with a light hum, red and yellow coming through his lids, and footsteps moved towards him. “I hope you’re alright.”
He nodded, opening his sight to his lap. “Yeah,” he said quietly. “I’m fine.” 
Looking up to the Razalek, he asked, “So, what happens now?”
“We wait for something to manifest,” Yittek responded, holding the memory with both hands. Like Cal’s, the strand was growing brighter than it had been before. “You may think of these samples as soil, and your memories as a drill. Wait for it to go deep enough, and we may uncover something long forgotten.”
“Alright. How long will that take?”
“It’s rather uncertain,” Yittek replied, giving an apologetic look. “But I hope sometime in the near future.”
Lance swallowed back his hesitation, trying to remain hopeful. Sometime in the near future... He could only pray it was soon.



















Chapter Thirty-One
The Equilix

Lance stepped out of the examination room and into the wide hallway, heading towards the library when Yittek’s voice stopped him. 
“Perhaps he is in the Equilix." 
Lance spun on his heel, facing the Razalek with one brow raised. “The Equilix?”
Yittek nodded. “It’s the outcome of many years work. My attempt to blend all three species, if you will.”
After a quiet agreement, a portal swirled into existence in front of Lance. With a quiet thanks, Lance stepped through, finding himself in front of a large, transparent globelike structure. Strips of light circled it, each one holding hundreds of keys. Acting on instinct, Lance took one, suddenly feeling himself become weightless. It was like he was being teleported, but his surroundings didn’t change. He got the urge to step forward, and did so, suddenly finding himself in a dark landscape. Blue, transparent tiles shaped in a circle spread out before him, and dozens of images floated about. 
So this is the Equilix.
He stepped forward, looking at the floating images as they passed by. Spiro anatomy, Razalek ears with a few piercings, the beasts Spiros were born as. 
Lance picked up this last image; a repeating, moving image of the Spiro snapping its jaws at the camera.
“It’s actually downloaded from memory.”
Lance looked up, seeing Zidane sitting against the dome’s invisible wall, rubbing a knuckle into a closed eye. 
Lance turned back, watching the jaws snap again, just out of the recorder’s reach. “So this is someone’s memory?”
“Yeah.”
He nodded, hand slipping back into the pocket of his hoodie. Curiosity began to creep up.
“So how do you search for something?”
“Just think ‘search’ and whatever you wanna search.” Zidane grinned. “If that makes sense.”
“Perfectly.” Lance nodded. 
He waited for a few moments, a thought coming to him. An image of an acoustic guitar rose out of the floor, and just the sight moved Lance into a state of pain.
I was supposed to go back and pick it up, the morning I was kidnapped...
He swallowed down the longing to go back, reaching out and holding the image, swiping a finger across the screen. 
“Surprised it got something so human.”
Zidane nodded, taking an image from up high and bringing it in front of himself. Some running photo of Spiro evolution, from the beast to the tailed-man.
“I’ve hooked up parts of the Internet, so you can search for a lot of human stuff, too.”
Lance stood, staring and hesitating before searching his band, Carry the Creation. A YouTube channel appeared, with it all their old videos.
“They... Kept everything?”
Lance quickly scrolled down, noting how the channel hadn’t been active in over two-and-a-half months. 
Zidane stared at the image, inverted from his angle. “Whoever erased their memory might have erased the memory of the band, too,” he said quietly.
Lance nodded, hand dropping. Raising up to push the image back into the floor. He walked forward, searching Spiro cells how to get out as he sat against the wall and waited. 
No results came. 
Zidane gave a light grin. “First thing I searched for.” 
“Damn.” Lance laughed a little bit. “I thought that would actually work, too.”
“Nah, it’s never that easy.”
“Definitely...”
Lance looked over, seeing a video of a smiling Spiro man, and gave a reverse-nod to it. “What’re you researching?”
“Different medicines for you,” Zidane replied. He gently pushed down one image, drawing forth an article written in a different language. 
“Anything I can help with?”
Zidane nodded, and once again, Lance felt an entire language become downloaded into his brain. Fourth one so far. 
He blinked, one hand rising to his head and trying to rid the light throb that had started up. After a few moments, the pain subsided, leaving Lance to stare at the emptiness around him. Spaces that should be filled with images and writing. 
He searched Spiro cells how to deactivate. Nothing. 
He searched How to get my life back. Articles on depression.
He searched Why is this thing so stupid. Random clips and articles greeted him. 
Zidane grinned, bowing forward as light laughter came from him. Lance grinned as well.
“What? These are legitimate questions.”
“You kill me sometimes, Lance,” Zidane said. 
Lance laughed as well. He turned his focus back to the results, continuing to search.

	
















Chapter Thirty-Two
The Garden

Lance started down the hall, hair a little damp from the shower he had just taken. The bathroom was the most recently-made room in Yittek’s home, having been carved into existence out of a necessity. As embarrassing as it was to have it made, Lance was grateful he didn’t have to say anything; Zidane simply picked up on the thought and transferred it to Yittek.
Now what to do… Lance wondered, stopping to look around the doorways surrounding him. Nothing he hadn’t already explored before, as crazy as that was to admit. 
“Hello.” Yittek appeared, the portal behind him vanishing in wisps of smoke. The Razalek stopped walking, smiling at Lance. “Have all the rooms exhausted your interest?”
“Uh, yeah.” Lance grinned back, hand rising to scratch at the back of his hair. “Guess I kind of explored everything.”
“Have you visited the garden?”
Surprise overtook Lance’s face, and he shook his head. “No, I don’t think I have.”
“Then come with me.”
They walked for a few moments in silence before Lance looked up to the ceiling, craning his neck. “This place must be pretty big from the outside… How many rooms are there?”
“Around four-hundred-and-nine,” Yittek answered. 
Lance’s stare shot to the Razalek. “Damn. And here I was thinking I’d gone through them all.”
Yittek smiled. He turned back ahead of himself, the two rounding a corner. “About your comment of the outside; I forgot that you were simply teleported here, and didn’t come in through one of the entranceways. This home is underground.”
“You mean like… Underground what’s already underground?”
Yittek laughed lightly, the sound bringing a smile to Lance’s face. The Razalek nodded. “Yes, precisely.”
“Why?”
“Protection,” Yittek answered. “Security. But mostly an unlimited expansion.”
Lance gave a small hum, rubbing a knuckle against a closed eye. He hadn’t been sleeping well lately, and maybe it was a side effect of the medication he had been given. That, or the fear of failing this search they were on. Dead before eighteen. 
He swallowed, and that was around the time he heard the music.
It came into his field of hearing as they approached the end of the hall. Lance looked to his left, trying to identify the sound. It seemed familiar.
The Ekelno. He remembered the large, double-necked guitar Zidane had played during their first morning together, before the crossbreed opened up about his past. Yeah; that was right. He couldn’t forget something as cool as that. 
Lance noticed Yittek turn away from the music’s direction, giving him a soft smile as he slowed to a stop. 
“I believe you’ve found your unexplored room,” the Razalek said. “It’s only a few halls down.”
“Alright.” Lance nodded and continued down, only taking a few steps before Yittek’s voice stopped him.
“And if you do find Zidane asleep, it would be best not to wake him.”
Questions swarmed Lance’s thoughts, but he picked one, perching a brow. “He sleeps while playing that thing?”
A brief chuckle answered him. “I don’t quite understand it myself. Though, if he is sleeping, take much caution if you do plan to wake him.”
Lance paused. “What happens if I do?”
“He may see your hand as a stranger’s, to put it painlessly,” Yittek replied, another, smaller smile coming to him. His expression faded to one of solemnness, his head subtly tilting in thought. “Though I would greatly prefer you not to disturb him, if he is indeed not awake. Zidane doesn’t get much sleep as it is.”
Lance nodded. “I’ll keep that in mind.”
Yittek dismissed himself soon after, saying he had to meet with a patient. In a flurry of wind, he disappeared, leaving Lance to turn and follow the music down the wide hallway. The sounds led him to a room, but all he could see was a stone wall lightly covered in moss. 
“To your left.” Yittek’s voice.
Lance smiled, heading in the direction he was told. Thanks. How’s your patient?
“A tad cranky,” came the smiled response. “Sometimes it’s as if I’m caring for toddlers.”
Lance laughed, turning another corner and stepping out into a small clearing. To his surprise, the music didn’t stop from his amused outburst. It continued on without pause, quick notes sending waves of peacefulness to Lance.
The sounds matched the environment. He walked along flat stones, passing by rose bushes and closed flower buds, short Spiro trees and distant redwoods. Even further on, he spotted the tall Razalek trees with trunks made of entwined roots. Something about it made sense, them all being in the same area. The three races as one.
The sounds of the Ekelno grew louder as Lance stepped out into a large clearing, spotting Zidane on the other side. Sitting against a tree, eyes closed and hand switching to precise, clawed chords. Lance smiled, and continued forward.
Hearing the Ekelno again, nostalgia flashed into Lance. It was strange, how much closer they were now compared to when they’d first met. Lance could only feel grateful for the companionship. Someone looking for the same thing as him, albeit different reasons, took the weight off his shoulders. Let him know he wasn’t alone.
His focus went to the crossbreed, seeing how his leg was out and bent, allowing the scythe-like body to swoop underneath. He found himself studying the instrument, once again fascinated.
Lance took a seat close by as Zidane’s eyes opened.
“Hey.”
“Hey,” Lance returned, giving a reverse-nod to the Ekelno as he grinned. “You know you could probably kill someone with that.”
Zidane laughed. “Yeah, that’s the whole point to it. These were made as protest weapons. Peaceful sit-ins”—a few notes were played, giving that exact emotion to Lance—”and then when they inevitably turned violent, the weapon part was used.”
Lance’s brows jumped. “Whoa. That’s actually kind of awesome.”
Zidane nodded, looking to the instrument. “They were popular when Spiros and Razaleks lived together. But just before the war began, some Spiros tried to protest. Didn’t go over so well.”
Lance nodded. He cleared his throat, searched the ground.
“Hey, Zidane?” His stare rose.
Light eyes looked to him, waiting in patience, in silent curiosity.
“Thanks,” Lance said, stare dropping to the earth beneath them. “For... Just searching for the same thing as me.”
After a pause, Zidane gave a deep nod.
“You’re welcome.”
Birds chirped, prompting Lance’s focus away. Towards the tops of trees, through the empty leaves and the branches. “There’s animals here?”
“A few endangered ones,” Zidane answered, plucking a few notes. The sound was freeing, like being at the ocean and hearing the waves, feeling the salty breeze. “Yittek breeds them back into the wild.”
“Oh. Is that a Razalek thing?”
Zidane gave a small smile.
“Human.”
The crossbreed’s stare suddenly turned to Lance’s left, and following his gaze, Lance saw Yittek appear in a burst of fire. Except his sight was down, one hand holding a bleeding arm.
The Ekelno crashed to the ground as Zidane stood. “Yittek!”
“I’m alright,” Yittek said, nearly panting the words. His hand let go of his arm, hovering above and sealing the wound shut. The blood disappeared as well, the glistening of Yittek’s skin fading as he spoke.
“What matters most is the news I have for you. It seems there is a weapon of war being crafted.”



















Chapter Thirty-Three
Second Hit

“A weapon of war?” Zidane asked.
“Yes,” Yittek replied. “One of my patients brought it up. He comes from Yowlitch’s territory.”
“Yowlitch...” Zidane said the word as if testing it. “Where have I heard that name before?”
“He’s rather fond of making potions. He crafted the invisibility serum in 807.”
Zidane nodded, accepting the answer. “So what’s he doing now?”
“Is he making something against Spiros?” Lance asked.
Yittek nodded. “It seems so.”
Lance grinned. “So we have something then...”
“Perhaps,” Yittek replied. “A riot broke out as soon as I stepped out into the streets. It seems not everyone is fond of this serum.”
“Do they know what it does?”
Yittek shook his head. “Only that the release of it can cause another war. Some prefer to be at peace.”
“Don’t blame them,” Zidane murmured, hands in his pockets and weight shifting to one side.
A silence passed before the crossbreed looked up, determination in his gaze as he met Lance’s.
“Equilix,” Zidane said, speaking into his mind. In one agreement, Lance followed him in a flurry of fire and disappeared.

_______________
Lance blinked, stretching his eyes wide. He looked past his own cluster of images, seeing roughly a hundred images surrounding them, floating out into the space between. 
Lance yawned. He brought up a new screen, checking the time. Four hours, and no results. Only that this “serum” came from Yowlitch himself and was said to bring great pain to Spiros.
Could it kill them completely? Specifically?
Lance couldn’t find the answer.
He stretched, bringing his arms behind his head. “Have you found anything yet?”
When Zidane didn’t respond, he looked over, to the opposite side of the Equilix. Through a shield of slightly transparent screens, Lance saw Zidane studying one intently. A map of some territory, presumably Yowlitch’s.
“Zidane.”
No response.
Lance shouted in his head. Blue eyes snapped to him.
The screens parted with two fingers. “What’s up?”
“You find anything yet?”
Zidane shook his head, pulling back to look at the map again. “No. I’m trying to figure out a route to this guy’s place, but he’s pretty closed off.”
Lance tilted his head to one side in question. “What’re you talking about? Like stealing it from him?”
“If it comes to that.”
In the silence, Zidane looked up again.
“That’s plan B,” he clarified.
“So what’s plan A?”
Zidane pulled a screen down from high above him, and pushed it over to Lance. A town with a route mapped out.
“He’s coming through Bonis,  a large town on the outskirts of Ezyta’s territory; I can stand in as Ezyta’s kin and heir to the throne and talk with him.”
“You can do that?” Lance asked, flipping the screen over to see a three-dimensional view of the map. “You’re not even her son, though.”
“I know.” Zidane grinned, his eyes brightening. “But it’s nothing a forged document can’t fix. If he tries to contact Ezyta mentally and confirm, I’ll just intercept.”
“Sneaky,” Lance said, pushing the image back. “Very sneaky.”
“Thank you.”
“Lance.” Yittek’s voice. “I need to see you in the examination room.”
Alright. Lance stood, dismissing Yittek’s offer to teleport him. I’ll walk. Stretch out my legs.
Zidane looked up, then nodded, seeming to be mentally speaking as well.
Lance walked towards the exit and entrance, a small square at the rim of the Equilix’s round blue platform. “See you in a few.”
“Have fun.”
Lance scoffed, tempted to make a comeback. But his foot met the exit, and he found himself in an empty room. He walked forward, away from the Equilix’s globe exterior, and entered the hall.
That was around the time the first dot showed up.
It came as a blotch at the bottom corner of his left eye. And when it began to spread, Lance’s attention snapped to it.
He stopped walking, staring at the light ceiling. A ceiling that was quickly being covered by red.
Shit.
All at once, pain erupted in his heart like a match being dropped into a path of gasoline. The path spread to his lungs, his stomach, his bowels.
Overcome by the agony, Lance collapsed to his knees. His name was called as he became engulfed in a swarm of chilling air, feeling Zidane’s hand on his shoulder as his world went black.














Chapter Thirty-Four
Searching

Lisa’s smile reached her eyes, that warmth never wavering from Lance’s chest. His mother spoke, voice ringing out through the darkness surrounding them. Brightening it all as if it were a torch.
“Come back. Please.”
And despite that happiness in her smile, despite that longing in her eyes, he could only say the same two words. 
“I can’t.”
They repeated over and over, their space filling up this black darkness. And eventually, they overcame her image. They overcame the feeling of her hand on his shoulders. Support, love, replaced with a chilling reality. 
Lance’s eyes opened to the ceiling, remaining unfocused.
He could still feel the words on his lips, still hear them hanging in the air they’d slipped out into. 
I can’t.
There were water marks against his face—warm, fresh tears that had recently spilled out. He raised a hand, moving the streaks away with the side of his palm, and silently hoped nobody else was around. His neck felt sore as he turned to look, but not sore enough for him to gently sit upright, one arm propping him. Keeping his stare on Yittek, who sat at the table near the center of the room, a small kitchen behind him. 
The Razalek paid no mind to Lance, continuing to work on what was thought to be Lance’s own DNA strand. The screens floating around looked like images from a microscope, a live feed of strands and cells. Some much different from others. He guessed they could only be the cells that had given him so much Goddamn trouble...
Almost like he’d heard his voice, Yittek’s attention suddenly perked up. His hands withdrew from the hologram-like DNA strand they’d been hovering over, and Lance watched the diagram fold into itself and disappear.
“You’re up.” 
Lance nodded, feeling a tear leak out. He sat up, quickly wiping away the dampness on his lower eyelid. “Yeah, hey.”
Yittek continued to work, whether it was out of politeness or the fact he didn’t see the tears, Lance didn’t know. 
Lance looked over, seeing images gently floating in a slow circle, orbiting around Yittek. They looked like images of Lance’s cells, Spiro and human. There were numbers at the bottom of each video feed—one in flipped English that reached the trillions. One that was written in a different language, reaching to three digits.
His Spiro cells.
Lance’s attention moved to Yittek.
“What’re you doing?”
Yittek focused on a DNA strand, taking a piece and expanding it into a much larger view. “Checking to make sure your DNA hasn’t been affected.”
Lance sighed in relief. “Good.” He looked up, one brow raised. “It hasn’t, right?”
Yittek shook his head. 
“Are you hungry at all?” the Razalek asked.
Lance stood up, rising slowly to avoid any dizziness. “Uh, yeah. A little.”
“Wonderful.” A tray appeared, with it a few boxes of Chinese takeout. Lance smiled at the display, walking towards Yittek.
“Did you make this yourself?”
Yittek nodded, breaking his focus away from the images long enough to return Lance’s smile. “Yes. I find Chinese cuisine most interesting to prepare. I hope you find it edible.”
“I’m sure I will,” Lance grinned, taking the tray and feeling gravity sag it down a few inches. “Your cooking’s great, Yittek.”
Yittek smiled, taking an image of thick crescent-shaped cells. Spiro ones. “Thank you, Lance.”
Lance placed a thumb underneath the lid, tempted to peek inside. “No problem.”
“If you would”—In a flurry of fire, another tray appeared. One with foreign food—“Please transport this to Zidane in the Equilix. Perhaps you can get him to eat something.”
Lance shifted his tray to one hand, taking the bottom of Zidane’s with an open palm. “How long has it been?”
“Thirty-six-and-a-half-hours.” A timer was brought up, ticking up numbers in a foreign language. “And twenty-two seconds. To give a rough estimate.”
Lance did his best to smile at the joke. 
“Can you teleport me to the Equilix?”
“Of course.” Yittek’s hand expanded, and Lance felt the warmth of flames engulf him. “Best of luck, Lance.”
Lance found himself standing on the outskirts of the Equilix, the small square entranceway that led into the circular dome. Except this time, Lance saw nothing but images. There had to be thousands here, covering every space he could see.
He did this all in thirty-six hours?
Lance walked forward, naturally pushing away images and clearing a path for himself. He nudged one with his head, pushing it far back and creating a new path head-level. He turned his focus back ahead of himself, and after a moment, finally saw an opening. 
The images got less frequent as Lance stepped into a clearing, spotting Zidane in the center. The crossbreed lay on his back, one arm across his stomach, the other across his forehead. A finger flicked up, bringing the focus of a large ice-flame-decorated castle into closer view. 
“Is that Yowlitch’s?” Lance asked, walking forward. 
No response was given. Zidane’s foot flicked up, zooming in on the image. 
“You’re talkative,” Lance murmured, sitting down close by and placing Zidane’s tray near the crossbreed. “Here, before you starve.”
Realizing that wasn’t the best choice of words, Lance swallowed. He was tempted to apologize, to retract his own statement. Zidane sat up, and Lance felt thoughts slip away from him. His breath left him, too, leaving him to sit and stare at the extreme amount of fatigue Zidane’s eyes. 
Purple veins reached out from his eyes, tiredness brushing below and cutting through these strange fatigue marks. Some Spiro or Razalek side effect, Lance realized. But the hollowness of his eyes... For a moment, Lance was back in an alleyway. Watching a child starve to death. He blinked the memories away, glancing up to Zidane. 
“You been getting much sleep?” he asked, popping open his box of takeout.
Zidane slowly shook his head, pressing the pad of his finger to the short chopstick’s end. It snapped up, winding around his first two digits. 
He equipped another stick to his index finger, picking up the plate with his other hand. There was a strange kabob-like dish on there as well, aside from the opened fish filled with noodles Zidane was picking at.
Lance looked around the Equilix, growing more worried by the second. Spiro and Razalek anatomy passed by. So he was torturing himself with images, too?
Lance tried for the basics. 
“So how’re you doing?”
Zidane simply looked to him, hollowed eyes meeting his. It looked like he hadn’t slept in months. 
Lance swallowed. “You getting enough sleep?”
A stupid question to ask again, but Zidane finally responded. He ran a wrist against one closed eye, speaking softly as the marks disappeared.
“Sorry,” he said, wiping his other eye free of fatigue. “Probably freakin’ you out more than usual.”
Lance simply shook his head, dismissing the question, and took hold of a shrimp. 
He wanted to ask... How long had it been? 
The thought was loud enough for Zidane to hear, Lance was sure of it. But no response came from the crossbreed. He simply sat there, arms on his knees and hands near the tray. Eyes staring blankly at the steaming cup of tea in the corner of his tray. 
The small cup lifted, floating into Zidane’s waiting hands. Lance studied the MOCT symbol of a rifle with frayed angel wings on the back of his fingerless gloves as his hands curled, molding to the cup’s shape. 
He stifled a sigh, when Zidane didn’t drink right away. 
The crossbreed took small sips before pausing to look up at Lance. 
“You just gonna keep staring at me?”
Lance dug into his meal. “Sorry.”
He pushed his food to the side of his mouth, speaking from one corner. “You find anything yet?”
Zidane shook his head. “We know Yowlitch is developing something, but I’m not sure what it is. It’s rumored to have something to do with Spiros and ‘destroying them completely’.”
Lance raised one brow. “Sounds pleasant.”
Zidane nodded, taking a circular fruit-looking piece of the kabob into his mouth. 
Lance looked at the surrounding images again. He even saw first-person pictures of Kazuo. 
“And everything else?” he asked, turning back.
Zidane stared down at the mug he held with one hand. 
He took a sip from it.
“Just my own design,” he said with a small smirk. “Self-made torture.”
Lance didn’t know what to say. He felt like bringing up a guitar and playing something, if only to get the mood better. 
But he couldn’t teleport anything. Why couldn’t he have been injected with Razalek cells instead? 
Might have a better chance at living then, he thought, sipping from his tea. It tasted sweet, like strawberries.
Zidane moved a hand, bringing up an image of Yowlitch’s territory. Blueprints of his castle. 
“Plan B?” Lance asked. 
Zidane nodded, zooming on a large castle. “Yittek was able to hack in and get parts of his home, but I can’t see where he keeps this serum.” 
“You sure it’s there?”
The crossbreed shrugged one shoulder. “Only lead I got right now.”
Lance cleared his throat.
“Let’s hope it’s the right one.”
Zidane nodded, and even without the markings, the fatigue was evident. Lance heard it in the way his words dropped from his mouth, lightly filling the space between them.
“Yeah...”
It did nothing for the tension inside Lance’s stomach. He remained sitting, taking small bites as he stared at a screen. As if the serum could be reached with just an extension of the arm, a movement of the hand. 
Once again, he felt that emptiness. The kind he usually felt when their hands turned up empty after hours of research. Just question after question with no answers to show. 
It was a cruel cycle, sometimes.


Chapter Thirty-Five
The Razalek with the Moon Eyes

Zidane sat on the edge of the double-bed, letting the anxiety pile up with each thought. Would this actually work, stretching his body until it was more than a foot taller? Would his disguise really be that simple? 
Zidane curled his hand, balling up robe’s crisscrossing fabric. With the unknown outcome on his mind again, his worry shot right back up. There were so many holes in this plan, so many ways they could be found out… What chance did they even have in succeeding? 
The soft sound of footsteps pulled Zidane’s stare ahead, towards the room’s only doorway. Yittek met his stare as he passed through the entranceway. The Razalek stopped a handful of steps away from where Zidane sat, his free palm moving in the air and painting a slightly-transparent, wispy square into view. From the angle Zidane rested at, he could see through the portal—see the soft and almost sketchy reflection of the room’s decorations, but the image was distorted when Yittek’s hand disappeared through the strange image.
“New way to teleport?” Zidane asked as he withdrew a small object wrapped in white cloth. 
Yittek smiled back at him, one hand rising to wave away the portal, the image disappearing into smoke upon contact. “It’s in the process of development, yes.” He started towards Zidane, raising the bundled object. “But this, in fact, is definitely complete.”
With a quick pull to the cloth’s end, the round object was revealed to be a squat, seemingly empty vial. Zidane hesitated, looking over the small container in an attempt to figure out exactly what Yittek’s idea was. Yittek closed the distance in between them, standing on a spot besides Zidane as his hand unscrewed the long dark cap. 
“I’ve named this little substance Brenji,” the Razalek said with a smile, a thick brush appearing as it exited the jar. “A bit simple of a name, but its definition is precisely its effect.”
Pull? Zidane thought. It’s going to pull me?
A small pressure of uneasiness hovered against his stomach as he complied with Yittek’s motion to lie down. Instantly upon making contact with the pillow, heaviness fell into him, a complete exhaustion that nearly shut his eyes. The thought of falling asleep, just for a few moments, waved through his mind, but the idea quickly evaporated. The nightmare was certain to come to him without Zooka here; he’d proved it too many times already.
Yittek came into view as he walked forward, his attention focused on stirring the brush inside the vial. “You won’t feel anything at first, but soon after you’ll feel small sequences of pain.”
He leaned down, chin lifting. “Head up.”
Zidane lifted his head and immediately felt a thin line of coldness run along the start of his neck. The substance… It didn’t even feel like liquid, but instead it seemed to form inside of him, as if the brush were painting on the inside of his skin. 
The cold pressure gradually became touched with weight as Zidane felt another stroke at the base of his neck. One much thicker, but only slightly more weighted than the first. 
With a breath, the upper portion of his Razalek garments vanished and quick strokes met his arms and hands, the series ending with a thick line swiped down his torso’s center. His clothing was replaced as a very thin chill sank into the tips of his fingers. One final set of strokes along his ankles and feet, and the quiet sound of the brush screwing back in its jar met Zidane’s ears. 
“It takes around a minute for the Brenji to surround the starting muscles,” he heard Yittek say. “So try not to move during that time period.”
What about after?
A short silence came between them, broken when Yittek spoke. 
“You appeared… worried when I arrived.”
“I am,” Zidane said, voice a little stretched from his head being tilted so far back. He thought for a moment, eyes searching the ceiling, before giving a small sigh. “But I think I’m just a lot more afraid than worried.”
“Ah…” The understanding in Yittek’s voice was clear. “The uncertainty of what’s to come. I understand, Zidane. But allow me this: would you rather still be pondering all this out, or be right where you are now?”
Zidane never answered; Yittek had known his response even before asking. A very small, soft smile formed at the corner of his lips, a deep appreciation of Yittek swelling in his chest. It was something amazing, how Zidane could briefly mention something and the answer he needed to hear would be given without hesitation. 
Zoo would be able to do that, too, he thought. If I could just let her in…
Pain jolted into his body, flexing his fingertips. He stifled a groan, his eyes shutting as his teeth clenched. The burn rose, earning a quiet wince, before stabilizing. Zidane could feel the spots where Yittek had painted move, the pressure against his inner-skin moving down in a wave of pain. Then, finally, when the wave reached the tips of his feet, the pain stopped.
The burning sensation still lingered, gradually subsiding to the point where Zidane could relax enough to open his eyes. Something about his position seemed different. The pillow. That was it; he was higher up on the pillow than before, which meant…
“How do you feel, Zidane?”
The crossbreed didn’t answer, but instead slowly—very slowly—made his fingers crawl inwards towards his palm. Only a few nearly numb tinges of aching greeting him, most along his bicep. Could this have actually worked?
The question left his mouth quietly, and a light laugh greeted him. 
“You can answer that for yourself now. Has the pain leveled enough to allow any movement?”
“I think so…” Zidane replied, bending his arms and his palms pushing against the bed, beginning to push him upright. 
His movements instantly froze still as soon as his legs came into view. They were so much longer now, actually able to reach the end of the bed if his toes were pointed. Zidane’s eyes followed a foot as it tilted then rolled into a circle, part of him still denying the fact that the Brenji had actually worked. That the first step in their plan had actually gone right.
His leg bent, sending sparks of pain into his knee, before he spun a little, legs draping off the edge of the bed. Except this time, his feet actually met the floor easily. Standing with a push of his legs, Zidane immediately felt himself start to lose balance. He regained it quickly, passing off the action as a brief wobble, and could feel Yittek’s hand hovering behind him in preparation. 
Even after standing up, his legs continued to shake albeit subtly. No part of him was used to the height of seven-and-a-half feet. But it was alright; all Zidane needed to do was learn to walk, a task that was easy enough to overcome. Because, in the end, anything would be worth it.
His shaking foot lifted in the beginning of a step forward. Yittek’s hand pressed onto his shoulder, guiding him to balance as the step completed itself.
“There’s no need for rush,” Yittek said, pulling his hand away for it to hover behind Zidane again. “We need to make this look believable.”
Zidane nodded, stare trained on the foot that had yet to move. In a quick burst, he took another step forward, landing his foot before his body had time to lose balance. 
When he straightened himself completely, he repeated the action, the cycle of unbalanced wobbling slowly growing less and less with every attempt. By the time he had finished walking in a small circle a few moments later, Zidane had returned to the bedside, standing with no sign of imbalance. 
Yittek’s gaze swept over him, the tight focus in between his brows increasing upon reaching Zidane’s legs. His arms remained crossed, one hand by his mouth. The stare lingered, growing excruciating and touching discomfort into Zidane.
Suddenly, the expression fled, a smile taking itself place. 
“I have no doubt this could be any more perfect,” he said, his stare rising to meet Zidane’s. “Would you like a mirror?”
Zidane stiffened, a bolt of pain entering him. Forcing himself to recollect, he shook his head. “No, I’m alright,” he said before pulling a question out of his mind. “Do you know where Yowlitch is going to be, exactly?”
“No, not precisely,” Yittek replied with the hint of apology in his voice. “But I have spent most of this morning periodically filtering through the townsfolk’s thoughts, and I’ve narrowed down the last few towns he will be passing through.”
Zidane nodded, his stare breaking from Yittek as his brain ran through anything they might be forgetting. 
“Oh!” Yittek looked up from the floor. “Your ears. That’s right!” A quick hand waved to the side, and Zidane obliged with a turn of his head. 
Yittek’s hand swept the hair covering his right ear, tucking the blonde strands behind Zidane’s ear. For a moment, Zidane was back in the orphanage, Kazuo attempting to cut his hair. He smiled at the memory, feeling the tip of his ear be pinched with a slight pain. 
Yittek must have picked up on his thoughts because the next few words sent a wave of guilt into Zidane.
“I would have liked to have met him.”
Zidane nodded softly, unable to say anything. Unable to express how much he agreed, how much they would’ve gotten along. How Kazuo would’ve been fascinated, seeing a Razalek. 
A burn rose behind his eyes, and Zidane blinked away the feeling of tears. It was then that he noticed Yittek had teleported to the other side of him, the first ear already molded and stretched to the correct length.
Zidane reached up, fingertips running along the blade of his ear. No piercings, which was good. He was only going for the standard coming-of-age ring and a standard marriage ring. With a weight in his gut, he wondered if he could actually lie about being married. To a Razalek.
What would Zooka think, if she knew I was doing this? For her?
He didn’t want to imagine the tears, the anger that would instantly be dissolved into sadness. 
In the space of a single blink, his other ear finished stretching out, the marriage ring pierced into the space above his lobe. 
“You hit another growth spurt or something?” 
Zidane turned to the doorway, greeted by Lance’s grin. The human continued to lean against the doorframe, hands in the pockets of his hoodie. For the umpteenth time, Zidane noticed the faint purple rings haunting the human’s eyes. How his arms were a little bit slimmer than when they’d first met as well. 
Zidane forced a smile onto his face, listening as Yittek spoke. 
“Is there anything you need before we depart, Lance?”
Lance shook his head. “Nah, I’m good. Know where the food is, so that’s all I need.”
Yittek smiled. “Very well, then.”
Suddenly growing solemn, Lance’s eyes dropped to the floor and then shifted to both Zidane and Yittek. The human cleared his throat, shifting his weight and picking himself up away from the frame.
“Good luck.”
For a single beat of silence, the words hung in the air before plummeting down on Zidane’s shoulders. It was more than a polite wish; it was a plea for success. Lance needed this to work, Zidane realized, a lot more than he did. Because if this didn’t work, what hope did they have?
With the weight of it all still pressing, Zidane could only respond with a nod. What could he say? That he’d try his best, but don’t count on it—that this could just be the next shortly-awaited fuck up?
Whether the uncertainty was in his eyes or not, Lance settled back against the doorway, his gaze staying on Zidane as the crossbreed looked to Yittek. Except now he looked totally different. White skin and silver hair pulled back into a short ponytail, four piercings along his ears.
For a moment, Zidane thought of another face, another time, another life. The owner of a satchel shop in Lanquim. A friendly physician in disguise.
Fire surrounded Zidane, pulling him back to reality.
They stood in the middle of a bustling dirt street, chatter surrounding them. Zidane turned to Yittek. It was strange, not having to raise his head at all in order to meet the Razalek’s eyes. But the discovery was forgotten as Yittek’s stare finished sweeping the bustling street, the bright flame-like eyes meeting Zidane’s with a small smile.
“I believe my narrowing of his path has paid off,” Yittek said silently. “He should arrive presently. Have your nerves calmed yet?”  
Zidane propped an arm up with his other, gently placing a hand on his forehead where a light throb had started. Didn’t realize it was that obvious.
A beat passed, and the headache fell away. 
“Your state of mind matters as much as the events of our plan, Zidane. You need only relax, and trust this process.”
‘Trust this process…’
Seeing movement out of the corner of his eye, he looked up from the ground, seeing Yittek start down the center of the road. With a few long steps, Zidane caught up and matched the Razalek’s casual pace. 
For the first time, Zidane let his eyes focus on the pedestrians surrounding him. The thought to pull away, to retreat his eyes back to the ground, was nearly overbearing, but the fact that no one’s attention even brushed his way was too fascinating to break from. Was this what it was like, to be normal? Accepted?
“There he is. Ahead.”
Zidane looked ahead, his footsteps placing him slightly ahead of Yittek as a large carriage caught his focus. The citizens walking along the street divided, allowing Zidane full view of the carriage. It was completely black, the deep color disappearing upon making contact with a shadow.
 It took a moment, but then Zidane realized how the effect was made. The carriage was using its own shadow for the coloring, the effect of others’ shadows just a spark. Or perhaps the latter was simply how shading was affected when in contact with the outside world. Zidane had never witnessed it performed in the light of day, until now that is. 
Yittek began walking again, pulling Zidane’s focus back to the plan once more. Zidane walked beside him, feeling more uneasy the closer he got to the approaching ruler. This plan seemed so simple… Could getting their answer really be this easy?
One of the guards walking ahead of the carriage looked to them, passing Yittek and locking with Zidane’s stare as the crossbreed raised it. Once more, Zidane felt himself wanting to shrink back. But the thoughts of why he was here suppressed the flinch and kept his feet moving. 
Even with his eyes ahead, the guard continued to watch him. The stare seemed to take on a weight, pressing against Zidane like a metal ball being dragged down his skin. The weight reached his legs, then stopped. And Zidane knew exactly why. 
First stage’s in effect, he thought, trying to suppress the happiness in his mind.
“Thoughts away.” Yittek’s voice was rushed. “They’re filtering. Apologies for not mentioning it sooner.”
The guards stare left Zidane as he passed by, and a faint whisper reached his ears, a quick burst of words that mentioned Ezyta’s name. Without warning, the carriage halted, stopping Zidane and Yittek’s as well.
Zidane peeked back at the guard from the corner of his eye, watching both of their stares raise from the gold entwined around his legs. Their expressions grew solemnly hollow, their posture straightening as the one closest to Zidane spoke.
“You’re a descendent from royalty.”
Zidane gave a calm nod. “I’m Ezyta’s son.” The words stung as they left his tongue, the pain lingering like a layer of fire. Zidane swallowed it back, not letting the discomfort show.
The guard shifted towards Zidane, the large axe-like weapon swinging up from his hand to rest against his shoulder. “Would you be interested in speaking with Emperor Yowlitch?”
“I was under the impression he had just spoken with Ezyta,” Zidane responded, a touch of confusion masking his excitement. How can this actually be working? 
“It was a rather brief, unpleasant meeting.”
No surprise there, Zidane thought before nodding solemnly. “Then, I’d be happy to speak with Yowlitch. Perhaps we can patch some things up.”
The guard returned his nod. His eyes shifted, looking at Yittek with a cold blankness. 
“He’s my life guardian,” Zidane said.
The guard briefly flicked his stare to Zidane in acknowledgement before stepping back, tapping a hand against the side of the carriage. 
The guard looked back to Zidane. “Go in,” he said, shifting the weapon to rest in both his hands. “Both of you.”
Zidane looked to the carriage, eyes traveling up the steps that disappeared into the ground, before resting on nothing but the carriage’s body. He stifled the anticipating exhale wanting to escape and moved his feet to the stairs, hearing Yittek’s steps right behind him as he walked through the shadowed wall.
The room they stepped in was, at the least, five times larger than the outside of the carriage itself. Zidane barely had time to take in the room—noticing only the detailed, black decorations as his eyes rose from the floor’s elegantly massive rug, stopping at the figure sitting across the room.
The Equilix’s images rang true to Yowlitch’s appearance—all but for the fact that now even more metal was on the ruler’s ears. Rings interlocked with one another, spiraling down to decreasing size. With the thought of Lance, Zidane felt an amused smile break onto his face.
“Enough to set off a metal detector,” the human had said through a face clenched with disgust.
The smile vanished and Zidane quickly looked to the side, letting out a slow but silent breath. He stayed there for a beat, letting the amusement settle back into neutrality and the neutrality fade to a deep calmness. It only took the thought of Zooka, the thought of her being with him. When he was certain, Zidane started towards the other end of the room.
Yowlitch continued to look out the window, tapping one finger against the small windowsill, sending flickers of light to Zidane’s attention. The crossbreed studied Yowlitch’s fingers, a little surprised to see that the glow hadn’t spawned from rings, but glistening light embedded into the skin of each digit. 
Although no sound had come from the disguised two, Yowlitch’s stare drew away from the window, dark eyes immediately settling onto Zidane. Eyes that reminded Zidane of the moon, dark replacing the white cornea and white filling the irises. Yowlitch’s finger stopped mid-tap.
The smallest of arches lifted one side of the young ruler’s mouth. “You must be Jylin.” His free hand rose from its place settled across his lap, presenting the booth-like seat across from him. “Please.”
Zidane’s feet began moving again, each step he took only increasing the bundle of nerves inside him.
He forced himself to remain calm, lowering down to the far end of the booth-like chair besides the window. As Yittek glided in behind Zidane, the crossbreed’s eyes met with Yowlitch’s. It only took a moment, but soon the ruler’s smile gave way to a look of interest.
“Given your age in comparison to hers, I can only assume you were taken up as Ezyta’s kin,” the Razalek said. “Am I correct?”
Zidane nodded. A small part of his mind began to squirm with thoughts, wondering what Yowlitch would do to prove his and Ezyta’s relationship. Forcing his mind into the crossbreed’s, speeding though all the things he shouldn’t see, everything that would give him away—
A paper floated into Zidane’s view, turning his stare to Yittek’s slightly extended hands. And the forged adoption certificate gently presenting itself to Yowlitch. 
The ruler’s stare turned down, the hand that had signaled the movement gliding back to its limp curl. Without a breath, the paper moved up towards him and Zidane felt his own breath stop in his chest, mind hoping Lance’s idea was enough.
His stare remained fixed to Yowlitch’s inverted eyes, watching the rapid zig-zagging descend further down the paper. Zidane forced his thoughts to remain calm, forced his burning lungs to become extinguished and his breath to return again. Yittek’s words repeated in his mind, and he tried to abide by them.
You need only relax, and trust this process.
A soft hum of fascination sounded from Yowlitch, the paper fluttering towards the floor before an invisible force pulled it towards Yittek. Yowlitch paid no attention to it, calm voice directed at Zidane.
“If any fortune, your genes are certainly so.”
Zidane forced his posture not to deflate, the comment’s sting lingering as he masked the pain in a one-sided smile. His stare stayed locked with Yowlitch’s as his mind flashed to Orah—to the eyes that mimicked his own.
And that’s all he gave me, Zidane responded silently. My eye color and even more problems I can’t handle.
Yowlitch’s focus shifted, his eyes glancing to Yittek and his smile faltering. “I presume this is your life guardian?”
“Yes,” Zidane replied with a nod. “He is.”
Yowlitch returned the nod, the loose fist resting against his jaw uncurling for only a moment before he spoke. “I’ve always been fascinated with guardians. How they’ve always put up with being bound to one person until death arrives for either one.” The brief smile came back then, his eyes closing. “I don’t believe I can ever have one, though. My wife wines enough during the brief time I allow her out.”
The anger the statement sparked inside Zidane diminished, a disturbed confusion settling in its place. Keeping the emotion from his face, he quickly searched the Razalek’s expression, unsure whether he should be laughing or not.
Yowlitch’s smile remained. His eyes darted to Yittek, a small, humorous grunt coming as he met Zidane’s stare again.
“Something is telling me we have slightly different appetites for humor.”
Zidane gave the smallest of breathes; the tiniest sighs of relief. The nervousness began to loom inside him again, and he quietly cleared his throat, his attention going back to Yowlitch. 
“Was there something you wanted to discuss?”
“I believe there are many things we could discuss, Jylin,” the ruler responded. His hand stopped supporting his face, flourishing out to motion to the window. “We could discuss why this town is so poor and reeks of quenich droppings, or perhaps we could speak of the line of white that appears upon nightfall.”
His eyes turned back, the piercing white pupils heavily contrasting the black irises. “But I, however, believe both of us are above such discussions. I would, above all else, very much like to give you a proposition.”
 “What… Type of proposition?” Zidane asked.
“One we could both benefit greatly from.”
A pause settled into Zidane, one he had no way of avoiding… It couldn’t be possible, what he was offering. Was it? Could it really be this simple?
Yowlitch’s smile vanished. His brows sunk into a deep narrowed glare that immediately stopped Zidane’s breath, trapping it in the middle of his throat. 
The ruler’s words shot through his teeth: “Who’s told you about my experiments?” 
Zidane’s screaming mind quickly charred the frozenness and the crossbreed regained himself once more, the words escaping barely even filtering through his mind.
 “I’ve only heard that you were fond of technology,” he said. “I had no idea about anything else.”
The stare remained. Then, finally, Yowlitch settled back and his hand returned to the windowsill. He nodded, acknowledging Zidane’s statement. “Yes. I do enjoy the occasional potion, but the ones that severely alter the subject are far more fascinating to me.” His stare turned back to Zidane, the smile returning. “Tell me, Jylin. You must hate Spiros as much as I, correct?”
Zidane withheld the fury and gave a nod.
“I’m working on one right now, an experiment,” Yowlitch continued. “It’s almost perfected.” For the first time, his smile broke into a grin, revealing sickeningly sharp canine teeth. “Yes, just a few more tests, and I can completely change them. Make them undeniably weak. Just like those animals they’ve wanted so badly to kill.”
Words fell away from Zidane. His mind rendered blank, thoughts nearly non-existent except for a faint realization.
Something that deactivates Spiros. This is… too perfect. This can’t be possible.
Yittek’s voice reached his ears, pulling him back into the unmoving carriage.
“But you’ll get to them first.”
Yowlitch gave the Razalek a nod. “Yes. I will. It’s only a matter of time.”
Before what? The fear of what might happen started to sink in, but Zidane withheld it, refusing to let it show on his face as Yowlitch’s contrasting eyes shifted to him.
“This is where, I hope, you can be of great service to me, Jylin. We both have a common goal, so it naturally makes sense for us to become common powers.” His lips spread into another grin. “Eztya, she trusts you. But I can give you so much more than simple trust.”
In the flash of hesitation, thoughts darted through Zidane’s mind. What had Ezyta ever done for him? Perfected his ability to thieve? Wasted a year of his life by feeding him pure, impossible lies?
She taught me how to use my Razalek side, he realized. If it hadn’t been for her, I wouldn’t have been able to really hide myself until I met Yittek again. 
Yowlitch gradually leaned forward. “What?” he asked. “Was she nurturing enough for you?”
Please, Zidane thought.
“It must be a type of guilt then,” Yowlitch mused. “Some regret, spawning from somewhere.” His eyes narrowed. “Tell me,” he began, “whose life did you take?”
No words came into existence. Zidane felt his throat tighten, guilt numbing him as Kyrene enveloped his thoughts.
“I admit I’m surprised you’re not trying to deny it,” Yowlitch continued. “The height of your ability to deceive made me assume you’d deflect it.” His stare intensified, shooting lightning through Zidane’s emotions. “But I know eyes like mine when I see them.”
Zidane remained still, locked with Yowlitch’s stare. All the pain was starting to release itself, beginning to fill his lungs. Making it that much harder to breathe.
The smallest of laughs came from Yittek. “I can see this isn’t a good time for—”
“Silence!” Yowlitch’s hand swiped out, melting Yittek’s lips together. Zidane’s stare was forced away, back to the moonlike eyes that stayed perfectly calm. Yowlitch’s arm returned to the windowsill, hand curled near his cheekbone. 
 “They were female, were they not?” he asked. “Your reaction to my joke prior gave insight to that.”
Piecing himself back together, Zidane looked down at his lap, wringing his hands together; something Zooka would do. Just stay calm, he told himself. He can’t get in your head; Yittek made sure of that. 
“It’s in the past,” Zidane said finally, voice quiet.
“Ah, but to you it’s still the present.”
From the edge of his eye, Zidane noticed the ruler lean back, his hand draping across a crossed knee. 
“This death is clearly a weakness, Jylin. Your lies grow less confident the further we dig. Which is certainly a shame, considering how well they started the second you entered my presence.”
Zidane’s eyes shot back up, widened in shock. Yowlitch’s smile only crept upwards in reply, his stare narrowing with a chilling slowness.
“I will say this only once. I do not ever want to see either of you again. If your faces ever cross my path, you will experience the last second of your life. And, to make my last point perfectly clear…”
Zidane flew forwards at a high angle, his muscles deactivating as Yowlitch stood, meeting him face-to-face. A hand reached out, catching him by the front of his shirt and roughly jerking him forwards. 
Whatever breath Yowlitch had sent out had deactivated Zidane’s ability to move. He could still feel his body hanging limply, feel his now visible tail hanging like pure weight. His thoughts stuck to the revealed limb for only a moment as his eyes were suddenly forced to lock with Yowlitch’s deadly stare.
Yowlitch’s mouth opened, slipping an unstable exhalation into existence. His teeth closed, sharp canine blades now more evident than ever, and words fired out of him in quick bursts.
“I… Do not… Live… With… Your kind!” The hand holding Zidane swung, sending the crossbreed flying. Zidane let out a breath, softly landing on his feet and crouching low, his tail swishing wildly. Taking the stance of an ancient Spiro warrior.
Yowlitch barred his teeth, his hand almost coming into a complete fist. His fingers shook, not quite connecting with his palm, and he spoke, voice equally unstable.
“Cherish what little time you have left, Spiro.”
Zidane disappeared through the carriage’s wall, flung back with the sight of Yittek’s body erupting in flames. 
A thought came to Zidane, as the outside light greeted him and Yittek’s aura glowed from behind. An emotion, an idea he didn’t dare fully develop; even when his speed slowed and a swirling mist carried him away. 
He only put the feeling to words as he strode forward, feet against Yittek’s marble floor. 

















Chapter Thirty-Six
Moving Forward

“We’re stealing it.”
Zidane strode forward, his words and Yittek’s flames lingering behind him. He could sense Yittek’s surprise, feel how the emotion melded into a kindness. 
“Well, I suppose it can be done…” Yittek said. “But it’s an incredibly risky tactic. I’m not sure—”
“What?” Zidane turned, walking backwards with his arms outstretched. “Tell me you have a better idea, Yittek!”
Yittek’s eyes stayed on Zidane, shocked. Zidane paused, his movement slowing to a stop as he ran a hand through his hair. Strands lifting up and revealing disturbing, misshapen ears. 
“I’m sorry,” Zidane said. “I didn’t mean to shout like that.”
He sensed Yittek smile, and closed his eyes. He didn’t deserve an accepted apology. 
“All is forgiven.” The words stung. In a sigh, Yittek continued, “I myself have been feeling anger. It’s a most unpleasant emotion.”
It’s been a while, huh? Zidane almost asked. He shut the curiosity out, knowing the conversation it would bring. 
“I just…” Zidane looked up, hand dropping away. He swallowed, spit thick in his throat. “I thought this was it, you know?”
“I believe we both did,” Yittek replied, voice equally solemn. 
“How’d he even figure it out?” 
The Razalek folded his arms across his chest, a concentration overtaking his features as he stared at the ground. On one hand, he began listing off answers.
“Picked up on thoughts, emotions, tapped into memories, connected with our skin to see where we’ve been…” His hand stopped, lifting carelessly. “Any number of possibilities, truly. Though I have also heard of those who are very skilled in detecting sparks. It’s as though they know of a way to read another emotion.”
“So, in other words, he was just playing with us from the start,” Zidane translated, watching the nod Yittek gave, the action a sting to his heart.
We didn’t have a chance from the beginning.
Zidane forced himself away from the anger, shoving his hands into his pockets as he started down the hall. He let out a breath, the outfit he wore dropping to the floor, his MOCT uniform underneath. With a simple teleportation, Yittek caught up and walked beside him. It was then they heard the distortion of a guitar. 
Lance.
Just the name sent dread into Zidane’’s mind. How would he react, what would he say when he heard they’d failed? Came up empty-handed? Just the thought sent a wave of sickness to the back of Zidane’s mouth. He did what he could to swallow it down. 
“Zidane,” Yittek’s calm voice pierced through his internal-focus. “You are not a failure. Lance will understand when we explain.”
Zidane’s eyes distanced themselves from the Razalek, watching the floor pass by as they moved. He remained silent, afraid the blazing emotions would escape if he were to open his mouth. And even if he did, what would he say? What was there to even say?
“You can begin by forgiving yourself.”
A brief, heavy silence came between them as Yittek’s words sunk in. All the doubt, the frustration, and the disappointment still remained, but those six words gradually began erasing it.
Yittek’s right, Zidane thought. I can’t do this to myself every time something goes wrong. 
His posture straightened, eyes momentarily closing as his head stretched back in a brief roll. Just gotta keep moving forward.
 Though Zidane couldn’t see it, he could sense a smile on Yittek’s face, one that stayed there as they approached the end of the hall. The sounds of the guitar only grew louder, flashes of notes. A complex solo.
After a second, the realization hit Zidane, a small laugh escaping the grin on his face. Turning up to Yittek, he said, “Sounds like Lance’s found your music room.”
Yittek’s stare turned in the noise’s direction, a smile also crossing his face. “I suppose he has, though he is supposed to be sleeping right now.”
They rounded the corner and headed down another hall, their steps following the music. Music that took a lot of energy to play—more than Lance was supposed to have in his medicated state. 
“I didn’t know that he played.”
Zidane only gave a nearly unconscious nod in response, his mind circling back to the first mention of music Lance had given him. The human clearly had skill when he played the Ekelno, however brief the shine was, and the passion emitting from him upon discussing the band was clear. 
And I tore him away from all of it. So what does he have now?
Zidane stopped in front of the music room’s entranceway and looked up, the sound of guitar instantly filling his ears. Ignoring the walls and floor covered with instruments, Lance immediately caught his attention.
Even if Zidane hadn’t heard the guitar’s sound upon approaching, he would’ve instantly been able tell the staggering amount of skill Lance had within seconds. The human’s eyes stayed closed, the fingers of his left hand flying over the fretboard. Dancing and creating flashes of sound, his right hand staying still. 
Amidst the sound, a question broke Zidane’s focus, one that he passed to Yittek. Speaking of souls and music, music and a universal love.
Yittek’s laugh echoed out into the room, becoming clearer as a chord faded into silence. Lance breathed out, hand running through dark hair and relinquishing droplets of sweat onto the floor. 
He looked up, eyes shutting as he stretched out his neck. His left foot—far away from his right in a wide stance—slid back, fretting hand dropping away and letting loose a hum.
Noticing Zidane and Yittek, Lance suddenly jumped, cursing loudly. Zidane couldn’t help but grin.
“How long have you guys been there?” Lance asked, hand to his chest. 
“Long enough to know you’re seriously skilled,” Zidane answered.
Lance looked away, blushing slightly as he cleared his throat.
“Thanks.”
They stood in silence for a moment, until Lance looked up again, stare trailing the higher rows of instruments covering the walls.
“I really love this room,” he said. “Has to be hundreds of instruments in here.”
“Four-hundred-and-one,” Yittek said, earning a grin from Lance.
“Yeah. Four-hundred-and-one.”
Lance looked back down, eyeing both of them.
“So, what happened?” he asked quietly, as if he already knew the answer himself. Maybe it was the fact that Zidane’s disheveled hair exposed his ears. Maybe it was the color of his eyes that gave him away. 
Zidane shifted his weight, staring down at his covered feet as Yittek replied, hands holding one another in front of himself. 
“It seems we were unsuccessful.” 
“You…” Lance swallowed. “You didn’t get it?”
“No,” Zidane answered. “He knew we were coming.”
“Fuck!” Lance yelled. He stepped forward, and for a moment, Zidane thought he might bash the guitar. “God dammit!”
It was then, seeing him, that Zidane realized why Lance was playing. Why he chose now, instead of all the other seconds before.
He was practicing for when he went home.
Tears nearly stung Zidane’s eyes. He looked down, blinking them back, and once again realized this was all his fault.
I couldn’t stop it in time…
“This isn’t your fault,” Yittek said, speaking into his mind. “This is only a minor setback, not the final result.”
Wise words. Words along the lines of Zooka’s wisdom. But the thought of her just sent lead into Zidane’s gut.
“So, what now?” Lance was asking. He lifted up his guitar, moving the strap above and around himself as well. “What’s the next step?”
The reply was automatic by now.
“We keep searching,” Zidane replied, looking up to meet his eyes. “Yowlitch has some kind of serum, something that can deactivate Spiros.”
Lance instantly grinned.
“We’re stealing it,” he said, putting his guitar back on to strum a heavy chord. “Dude, tell me we’re stealing that motherfucker.”
“Yeah,” Zidane said in a laugh. “We’re stealing it.”
“Sweet!” A quick, fast solo was flashed out. 
Just keep playing, Lance. You’’ll be able to go home. But even then, Zidane’s stomach nearly died. 
Zidane forced a smile, spinning on his heel and walking out into the hallway again. Yittek didn’t follow him, and hearing a familiar arpeggio, Zidane was thankful for the solitude. 
“I do hope you’re headed towards the kitchen,” Yittek said.
Towards the Equilix, actually, Zidane replied, but thanks for the tip.
“Nourish yourself. You’re of no use depleted of food.”
I think I’m fine. The thought was almost loud enough for the Razalek to hear. Zidane kept it to himself, remembering Zooka. She would want him to have something to eat—heck, his clone had probably eaten more than he had. And he needed the energy to keep it running. 
Alright, he responded finally. 
With a few kind words, Yittek lessened the connection, and Zidane felt the pressure drop away. He took his time walking the hall, thoughts mulling over the question of restoring Lance’s body and life, Zidane’s own goals as well. 
With this serum… We have a shot…
He couldn’t help but feel a spark of hope. 
He reached the end of the hall, a wide kitchen space with a long island and an equally long table in front of it. He passed through the doorway’s barrier, feeling it shake and ripple at his entrance. Immediately, just being around all of the food presented, he thought of Zooka. Wondering what meals he’d missed, what wonderful creations she’d concocted while he was gone.
He felt homesick, taking those first steps into the kitchen. Taking the long way around, rounding the island and walking parallel to it. Going to the human refrigerator instead of the Razalek and Spiro dishes in the transparent cupboards. 
He could teleport, connect with the clone right now and gorge himself on something fantastic. But it wouldn’t nourish his real body, and this was the thought that stayed with him as he tugged open the refrigerator door. 
___________________
	Lance strode into the kitchen, shivering as the barrier rippled away from him. He’d probably never get used to Razalek doorways…
He looked over to Zidane, a few screens in front of him. A burger was close by, the meal left virtually untouched. 
“So, what,” Lance asked, taking the seat across from Zidane and pulling a photo of the castle over to himself. “We breaking into his home and stealing it?”
Zidane hesitated for a split second before nodding. “Uh-yeah.”
“Yeah?” Lance repeated, and then it registered. He leaned forward, standing up slightly. “Tell me I’m coming with you.”
“I’d have to talk to Yittek,” Zidane said, holding one hand up. “But right now, no, it’s too dangerous.”
“Fuck,” Lance breathed. He sat down again, one hand to his forehead, fingertips threaded into his hair. “Are you serious? You really expect me to sit here while you do the dirty work?”
Zidane looked up from the photograph, and for a moment, Lance thought he saw the tiredness inside them. He thought he saw the lines, too, purple veins reaching out across the brush-strokes of fatigue. 
“You really wanna go into territory made for reality-benders?”
Lance paused, caught off-guard by the question.
“I’d rather do it than sit here and wait to die.”
Zidane sighed, bowing towards his hand as fingertips found closed eyes, massaging softly. 
“Yittek,” he called. 
The Razalek appeared in a flurry of fire. 
“It is something we need to discuss,” he said, striding forward and taking the seat beside Lance.
“No shit,” Lance breathed. He looked towards Zidane, towards the hidden guns, and motioned to them. “Teach me how to use one of those guns. Like rig it so it’ll work against them or something. I’ll be fine.”
Zidane slowly looked to Yittek, one brow raising. 
“It’s definitely a discussion,” Yittek said again.
“Would you stop saying that?”
Zidane placed a gun on the table, pushing it over to Lance. “Close one eye, squeeze the trigger, and relax with the kickback. There. Lesson over.”
Lance grinned, taking the weapon. “Thanks.”
The gun suddenly floated out of Lance’s grasp. He swiped for it, narrowly missing as it flew to Yittek, rotating in front of him.
“I’ll have to make some modifications, if you’re going to use it.”
Another grin took hold of Lance’s expression. “So, I’m going.”
Glances were exchanged. 
“We’re not here to babysit you,” Zidane said. “And it’ll be nice to have the company.” He pulled up a map, some kind of territory illustration. “Assuming he has some kind of teleportation barrier, it’s a fifty-five mile trek. It’ll take us a few days, at least.” Dark eyes looked into his, one brow raised. “You sure you’re up for it?” 
“Better than sitting ‘round here…”
Lance looked over to Yittek, wanting his opinion, and nearly laughed at the amount of pieces Yittek had dismantled the gun into. 
“Dude…” Lance grinned, one hand near his face, elbow on the table. Yittek looked over, deep eyes questioning. Lance shook his head. “Nothin’. Just… What’re you doing?”
“Reducing the kickback and amplifying the firepower.”
“Cool.”
Lance caught Zidane’s smile. “What?”
The crossbreed shook his head, going back to the images in front of him. “Nothing.” He swept one hand up from the table, and pictures of Yowlitch appeared in front of Lance.
Lance grimaced. “He’s a pretty ugly guy, isn’t he?”
Yittek gave a muffled, smiling laugh. “In fact, Yowlitch is one of the most desired rulers in history.”
“You mean there were others before him? How long do Razaleks live?”
“One-hundred-and-fifty-two-years,” Zidane replied, glancing up. “On average.”
Lance turned to Yittek, curiosity getting the better of him. “How old are you?”
Yittek stood, the gun quickly piecing itself back together. It fired at the ceiling, leaving crater-like holes that pierced in sunlight as the Razalek responded. “Sixty-eight.”
Lance turned to Zidane, wanting to ask the same question when the crossbreed shook his head.
“I’m the exact age you think I am.”
“So like fourteen?” Lance grinned.
Zidane twitched a smile back, and Lance pulled an image of Yowlitch in front of himself. “Okay, I’ll get to work…”
By the time they were done, they had over a hundred images splayed out on the table. Lance put his forehead to his arms, which were laid down, and gave a quick groan. “Where is this guy keeping his shit?”
Zidane stretched his eyes out, hand taking a high photo. “Not sure, but hopefully we’ll find it soon. The fact that Yittek was able to hack in and get the blueprints for his territory is amazing enough.”
Lance shifted his head, mouth pressing against his forearms. He yawned, standing and pushing his chair back. “I’m gonna get something to eat. You want anything?”
Zidane shook his head, leaving Lance to quickly look at the burger on the table, still virtually untouched.
“‘Cause you’ve been eating a lot.”
Lance opened the fridge and bent down, surprised to find name-brand soda in there. He tried to smile, the expression extinguished by a barrage of memories. 
He shut them all away, grabbing a bottle before grabbing another one. He walked back to the table, placing one next to Zidane’s meal. The crossbreed remained oblivious, continuing to write in a foreign language with complex-looking symbols surrounding the text. 
“What’re you doing?”
“Math,” he responded. “I’m trying to calculate how fast I would need to shade to break through the barriers surrounding his house.”
Lance paused. “Wait, what?”
“There’s different types of barriers,” Zidane explained, leaning back and taking the writing as if he were viewing a tablet. “He’s got the strongest kind I’ve seen. If I go fast enough, I can go through them. Perks of shading.”
“Huh.” Lance took his seat across from him. “Did you do that a lot when you were with Ezyta?”
Zidane nodded, and Lance didn’t say anything more. He sipped from the soda, mulling over what a bitch the female Razalek was. Zidane’s mouth flashed in a smile, mind picking up on the thought. Lance mimicked the expression. He reached for an image—a map of Yowlitch’s territory.
“So how many days would it take us?” he asked as he did this.
“If we travel twenty-four miles a day, it’d take us about three days.”
“Pretty long trip.”
“Yeah.” Zidane nodded. “But if we can steal from this guy, it’ll be worth it.”
“Definitely,” Lance murmured, briefly raising his brows.
They were quiet after that, studying screens until finally the fatigue forced Lance away, retiring him for the night.
Zidane remained at the table, pouring over books, the screens of the Equilix. He didn’t notice Yittek until the Razalek’s soft but powerful voice reached his ears.
“Eat something, please, at the very least.”
Zidane brought his stare away from the written words, his attention going to the pencil in his hand. He put the tip of the pencil between two fingers and twisting, the lead sharpen itself in a flurry of quick wood shavings. Zidane let out a breath, capturing the pieces and absorbing the energy into his palm. A little bit of life came back into him; enough for him to turn back to the paper he was reading.
His focus was short-lived; soon, he was staring at a plate full of fruit. The dish moved a little bit more, bumping into a book laid out in front of him.
He turned back to the paper. “I’m not hungry.”
“When did you eat last?”
Zidane’s mind reached back, taking a moment to figure it out. Some time yesterday morning, over forty-eight hours ago. He shook his head, straining to focus on the paper.
“I’m fine.”
His stomach said otherwise, clenching in on itself. He suppressed a wince, focusing on the pain. Using it to push himself further, think harder. There had to be a way to counteract the cells... He just couldn’t see it quite yet...
Yittek sat for a full minute, simply watching him. Zidane could only think; was this what Lance felt like all the time? Constantly under surveillance? 
He nearly said something when Yittek stood, sending a bit of energy his way. Something that instantly drooped Zidane’s eyes half-way closed.
“Get some sleep, Zidane. If you can.”
“Yeah,” Zidane murmured, hearing Yittek’s steps fade into the hallway. Zidane quickly shook his head, fighting against the fatigue. He focused on the screens and papers again, allowing all the unanswered questions to envelop his thoughts.
















Chapter Thirty-Seven
Preparations

Almost immediately after walking into the kitchen, Lance stopped.
He stared at Zidane, who was still slumped over the table, arm acting as a pillow for the side of his face. Lance waited, but Zidane had yet to breathe.
Maybe it’s a Razalek thing, he thought, striding around the table. 
He prodded Zidane’s shoulder with a knuckle. “Hey… You dead yet?”
An incredibly slow breath moved Zidane’s back. Lance’s foot shifted away, his mind counting the exhale’s seconds.
Seven… Eight... Nine…
At thirteen, the crossbreed became still once more. Lance waited, and at twenty, another inhalation started up again.
Lance dismissed the confusion, walking around Zidane and heading towards the fridge. After all, he hadn’t seen a Razalek or Spiro ever sleep before. 
“Good morning.”
He straightened from his bent position, hand still holding the fridgerator door open as he looked to Yittek. He turned back to the fridge’s contents, taking a small mug labeled with his name. “Morning.”
The sound of Yittek’s quiet steps stopped.
“Good. It appears he’s receiving some sleep.” 
Lance closed the door, perching a brow. “He sleeps like that?”
Yittek shook his head. “No; he’s connected with his clone. When he’s connected, his body goes into a type of… lower state; the organs work at their minimum level—hence the slow breathing—and renders the body unconscious. So, yes, I suppose you could say that he is, indeed, asleep.”
Lance nodded, thinking back. “He mentioned a clone before.”
Yittek nodded, striding to the doorless cabinets behind Lance. He reached in, ripples echoing away from his arm, and spoke as he pulled out a container of food.
“Yes. I don’t know of the details, but it appears Zidane has a clone so Zooka will not know he’s gone.”
That’s nice of him. Lance blew on the tea, watching Zidane breathe again.
“So… He’s where now?” Lance asked, though he already knew the answer.
“With Zooka, I’m sure,” Yittek replied with a smile. “She’s never too far from him, even with the training MOCT provides.”
Lance nodded curtly, taking a sip of tea that was too hot. He swallowed it down, a memory coming to him. A reply he had given his mother, kitchen table separating them.
“No.” This coffee’s rancid.
He wondered what had changed; what was different about Lisa, now that he was gone. Did she still read the paper in the morning? Did she still wait up for someone she didn’t remember?
I was such an idiot…
“Lance.”
He looked up, stare moving to Yittek. A water bottle was in the Razalek’s hand, extended out to him.
“When you’re done with the tea,” he said, “please drink this as quickly as possible.”
Lance took the bottle, glancing to Zidane again. “You know if he found anything out?”
Yittek only turned, walking around the table as he flashed Lance a smile. “We’ll have to see when he comes back to us, now, won’t we?”
Lance just returned the smile and watched Yittek stop besides Zidane. The Razalek’s hand extended, gently resting on the back of Zidane’s head. A deep breath drifted from Yittek, and a moment later Zidane breathed in. Lance counted the seconds. Twenty.
“Deeper sleep?” he asked the Razalek.
Yittek nodded, placing his hands behind himself. Lance hesitated, eyes flicking to Zidane before he asked, “Isn’t that a little… I dunno, a little dangerous?”
A soft chuckle came from Yittek. “Even Zidane’s lungs can match up to a natural Razalek’s. He’s getting enough oxygen; there’s no need to worry, Lance.”
Lance nodded, looking down towards the floor as he sipped at the tea. Yittek suddenly spoke, voice much quieter than normal.
“If you’ll excuse me for just one moment…”
He disappeared in a burst of fire, leaving Lance to murmur out into the open air.
“Yeah, sure…”
“Lance?” Yittek’s voice.
Yeah, what’s up? Lance returned, but only a short pause answered him.
“Nothing. I’m simply testing something.”
Zidane drew in another breath, and out of habit, Lance counted the seconds. At ten, Yittek appeared again, a few steps outside of the kitchen. He walked forward, hand propping his chin and his other arm across his chest. A large map dropped out of the ceiling, cord bouncing as the chart was unraveled completely.
From behind the giant paper, Lance heard Yittek agree with something.
“Yes, this will work nicely…”
“What will?” Lance started towards him, one hand slipping into the pocket of his hoodie. 
Yittek stepped forward, placing a dot in the center of the map’s circle, and another dot not too far away from its west side. 
“This first dot represents Yowlitch’s castle,” he said. “It is surrounded by a barrier that lasts as far as the circle goes. This barrier blocks out any teleportation, and I believe I felt my energy fade completely upon stepping into it.”
“So, it disabled you?” Lance asked, looking to the Razalek. 
Yittek nodded. “Yes, which is safe for Yowlitch, but not for us.”
“So, what do we do then?”
A sharp intake of air suddenly sounded from Zidane. The crossbreed’s eyes tightened in short twitches, body shifting until finally lifting himself up. Sky-blue eyes opened, their color darkening with each rapid blink.
Lance took another sip of tea. “Hey.”
Zidane looked to him, and for a moment, Lance thought he saw the fatigue again. Zidane closed one eye, palm swirling against it as he spoke.
“Hey. What’d I miss?”
“Yowlitch has some kind of barrier that blocks out Razalek energy. Fun stuff.”
Zidane’s eyes darkened. “What? What’d you mean it ‘blocks out energy’?”
“Upon stepping into his territory,” Yittek began as Zidane stood and painfully stretched, “my energy was completely depleted. I could cast nothing unless I stepped back a certain distance.”
“So what’do we do?” Lance asked.
Yittek sighed. “‘We’ is a relative term. I believe I’ll stay here while you two make the trek.” He looked to Lance. “I was able to connect with your mind while in Yowlitch’s territory, but only if I used a rather large amount of energy, the reserve the floats along Razalek bloodstreams.”
“So you need to be here in case we need to teleport,” Zidane said.
Yittek nodded. “Precisely.” 
“When can we leave?”
That brought a smile to the Razalek’s face. “As soon as we finish packing.”
Zidane nodded, hands in his pockets as he strode past the two, motioning forward with his head. “C’mon,” he told Lance. “You’re going to like the room I’m going into.”
A new room? 
“What is it?” Lance replied, following after. 
“You’ll see.”
Lance soured a little, finishing the tea and dropping the cup to the ground. It disappeared into the marble flooring, leaving him to pull the water bottle out of his pocket.
“Drink this.” Yittek’s words, spoken from memory. “It’ll help.”
It’ll help, Lance repeated, taking the first swig. Hopefully.
Zidane walked into a room, Lance looking around as he followed inside. The walls, ceiling, floor were all covered in weapons, ripples pulsing away from their feet as they walked on the barrier.
“If Yittek’s all about peace, why does he have a room full of weapons?”
Zidane returned his grin, looking up towards the top rows. “Documentation, mostly. Preserving history.”
Lance nodded, beginning to pass by a section made completely out of guns. Zidane continued speaking.
“Some of them I bought, some of them we made…” At Lance’s surprise, Zidane looked towards him, shrugging one shoulder. “What? MOCT pays pretty well.”
“Enough for AK-47s and grenade launchers?”
“Yeah.” A wide grin accompanied this response, and Lance could only grin for a moment in response.
“So which weapon you pickin’ out?”
“This one.” At the extension of one arm, a staff sped into his grip. Lance saw flute-like buttons running down one side.
“Cool. What’s it do?”
Zidane bent down, picking up a narrow bag off the floor as it surfaced through the wood. “You’ll see it when I use it, but, hopefully, I won’t have to.”
Lance caught the sight of a narrow opening near the top—some type of thin slot— before the staff was slipped into the bag and zipped up.
“Lance.”
He turned around, seeing a duffel bag float up to him, Yittek standing at the doorway.
“Please take this. It’s filled with useful items.”
“Thanks.” Lance grabbed the strap, hearing Zidane give a light sigh. He looked over to the crossbreed, seeing his head bowed. 
When Zidane spoke, his voice was a breath. 
“Think we’re ready…”



















Chapter Thirty-Eight
With Every Step

The heat fell away from Lance, and he fought the urge to brush himself off. He still wasn’t used to that teleportation, or any teleportation, really. He looked ahead, seeing a forest with short trees and a path of rocks cutting through. The path it takes to get to Yowlitch; the forest of Ereithri. 
They walked forward, and Zidane’s hair fell flat, the bangs he had loosely styled forward draping onto his forehead. He looked up, glaring a little, as Lance laughed.
“You use energy to keep your hair up?”
Zidane took a step back, and instantly Lance felt his hair become longer and braided. He grabbed it, horrified, as Zidane grinned.
“Now we’re even.”
“Dude! Change it back!”
Zidane grinned even more, and placed his hands in pockets. “Nah, think I’ll keep it. Looks good on you.”
Lance laughed, unable to fight a grin. “Seriously. We’re wasting time; change it.”
Pushing his bangs up and to the side with one hand, Zidane raised the other, expanding a fist. Lance’s hair grew shorter, becoming messy once again.
Hurrying off, Lance spoke, adjusting the strap of his duffel bag. “Let’s get going.”
Zidane caught up, instantly putting his arm out in front of Lance, catching him on the chest.
“What?” Lance asked, annoyed.
Zidane bent down, drawing a knife from its sheath on his leg. He pried it underneath the stone, flipping it up and revealing a paw-print-like symbol.
“Tracker stones.” He stood, leaving the rock where it was.
Lance took a small step back, just for good measure.
“We didn’t activate them or whatever, right?”
Zidane shook his head, returning the knife to its cover. “No. We should go different way.”
“Alright.” Lance looked around. “Where to?”
The crossbreed walked behind him, heading right. “Off the beaten path.”
Lance followed close behind, seeing Zidane step over thick, thorny bushes. He followed suit, noticing how the pathway split into two and how Zidane’s hand was stretched out towards him.
“Give me something to throw,” the crossbreed said, motioning towards the duffel bag Lance carried. “Like food or something.”
“Why?” Lance asked. “We kinda need it to eat.”
“I’ll skip a meal; just give me something!”
Lance softly shook his head, reaching into the bag and pulling out a container of something he wouldn’t be eating. He handed it to Zidane.
“Here.”
“Thanks.”
The crossbreed then proceeded to toss it on the ground far away from them. The contents dumped out, spilling onto the dirt path.
“What the heck did you do that for?” Lance yelled.
He watched, stunned, as the food suddenly burst into flames and the can ignited in a cracking explosion of embers.
Zidane straightened, hands coming to his pockets.
“We need to stay off this road,” he said. “This whole place is probably loaded with traps.”
“Perfect...”
Lance turned, watching Zidane as he started past him, heading off to the right. “How’d you even know about that?”
Zidane stopped and turned around, his foot positioned to take a step backwards. He stared down the road.
“I figure if this place cuts off Razalek energy, that’s already a pretty clear sign he doesn’t want anyone in here. But if someone still wants to get in, like us, then the next logical thing is to rig the place with things that can kill them.” He extended a hand out to the path behind them. “Like so.”
“Like the random fire explosions.” Lance tried to smile. “That’s great. This is really going to be fun.”
Zidane’s eyes darkened, an expression of thought coming between his brows. “It’ll be hard to tell exactly where all these traps are,” he said, “But it’s possible I can pick up the energy within a certain radius.”
“I thought this place deactivated your energy...”
Zidane nodded. “It did. But the organs that allow energy influence aren’t the same ones that let us sense different energy wave lengths.” He looked out towards the road again, searching near the end of what they could see of the path. “It might change later on; he could very well have people watching us, seeing what we do and adapting this place enough to stop us.”
“They might be setting up the traps, too...” Lance breathed, putting his hands to his hair. He stretched out his back, raising up onto the tips of his feet. “Fuck...”
Zidane nodded, understand perfectly before turning around again and continuing on. “Just keep close, alright? They might try and put a bomb between us.”
Lance hurried, quickly placing himself a few steps behind Zidane. He focused on the weight of the duffel bag, shifting the strap on his shoulder and tried not to think of all the things that were waiting to try and kill them in this place. 
When the paths proved to be safe, they talked for the first few hours, Lance filling the silence. Zidane simply listened, adding in light comments and observations when the space between sentences called for it.
Lance knew most of the crossbreed’s life; it was about time he returned the favor.
He spoke a bit hesitantly at first, the conversation brought up when Zidane asked him how much of a difference this underground world was compared to what Lance was used to. It was answered with something of a fascinated ramble, commenting on everything from Razalek technology to Spiro culture to the utensils either race used to eat food.
And then Lance began speaking a bit quieter, caught up by memories of his own. Comparing everything still, at first. Noting the contrasts between the two worlds, going as far as to say the general feel of this place was so much different than what he’d grown used to. Bustling, noisy cities and screaming television ads replaced by calm forests and energy-sensing plants.
Zidane laughed a little bit at the bluntness of this comparison, the way it was spoken, mainly. An observation with a clipping edge to it that was uniquely Lance. 
The human continued on, a smile curving his words as another memory came to him.
_____________

As the sky began to grow a bit darker, Lance realized he hadn’t seen a sun.
He looked up, searching the sky. But there didn’t seem to be any source of direct light. In fact, when he looked at the ground around them, he barely saw any shadows from the plants and trees.
“Where’s the sun?” he asked, and then his face grew confused. “Or… the equivalent to the sun.”
“There is none,” Zidane replied. “The sky has its own light.”
Lance raised a brow. “So it comes from all directions? That’s cool.”
Zidane nodded, looking ahead of himself. Lance could only think of how there were no shadows; how Spiros had given them such importance while Razalek forced out the darkness altogether. Making shadows bright.
Lance smiled to himself.
As the sky grew darker, a white strip appeared. 
“What’s that thing in the sky?”
“The Razalek version of a moon,” Zidane answered. “Called an Erethral.” 
Finally, something kind of human sounding, Lance thought, relieved. Zidane continued on.
“If they liked one thing about Earth, it was the view of space. But, when they came down here, duplicating it would cause too many questions about its origin, and also make them admit there was something good about human territory. So they created their own version.” A pause went through him, and then in a much softer voice—a quiet tone Lance didn’t quite recognize—he spoke again. “I like the moon, but there’s something about this that takes me home…”
Lance looked up to the streak again, finding a nice sense of calmness to it.

______________

It was when they had settled down for the night, Lance in a special, rectangular hole that acted as a makeshift bed and Zidane against a tree, that Lance got to thinking.
“You think the past can be changed?”
Zidane looked over to him.
“No,” he replied quietly, staring up at the sky. “But I think the future can be hoped for.”
“What’d you mean by that?”
He heard Zidane shrug, the fabric of his jacket brushing against the trunk. 
“Kazuo used to say, ‘Hold everything you can in the most positive of light, even if it’s the size of your palm.’ So, I think all you can do is hope that the future is better than your past.”
Lance looked up to the sky again, feeling the space between his brow furrow. 
“Maybe,” he replied, and then took a deep breath, both hands rising to his hair. He stretched out his back before asking, “Was he a very spiritual person?”
Zidane hummed a little, nodding. “He was Buddhist,” the crossbreed said.
“Are you?”
A long pause greeted him. 
“I think, if I had to pick a religion, I’d go with Buddhism.” With a smile in his voice, he added, “Think their concept on reincarnation is pretty off, though.”
“Really? How so?”
“To Buddhists, it’s really rare; the equivalent of a Frisbee floating up from the bottom of the sea and hitting a swimming sea turtle.”
“Wow.” Lance chitted out a laugh. “That’s pretty rare.”
“Yeah.”
“So, do Razaleks or Spiros have a similar view?”
A beat. 
“On reincarnation?”
“Yeah. What do they think about it?”
“Most Spiros tend to think there is no life after death; Razaleks have proven otherwise.”
Lance sat up. “No shit.”
Zidane copied him, stretching out his back and laughing a little before passing a hand through his hair. “Yeah,” he replied. “They’ve made the soul into a physical, seeable thing and tracked it after death.”
“That’s…” Lance stared. “That’s fucking incredible!”
Zidane grinned. “Guess so, huh?”
Guess so, Lance repeated, partially annoyed. Guess my whole mind was just blown. 
“What do they do with the souls? Like what’s the purpose behind reincarnation science?”
Zidane thought, scratching the back of his neck as he looked to the corner of his vision. “Well,” he began, “I think now they’re working on picking what lifeform to go into after death.”
“So, picking your next body and stuff?”
The crossbreed nodded. “Yeah. That’s after the one-hundred-and-fifty-two-year life period.”
Lance tsked, partially repeating the number. “That’s an insane amount of years.”
Zidane bowed forward, running both hands through his hair. “Unfortunately…”
“Unfor…” The question died down, realization gliding into him. Yeah; that made sense, given Zooka’s life expectancy…
“How long do Spiros live for?” Lance asked quietly, looking back up again.
“One-hundred-and-twelve.”
“So that’s an average of…”
“One-hundred-and-thirty-two,” Zidane finished. “I don’t want to live that long.”
I wouldn’t, either, Lance replied silently, raising both brows. He nearly laughed at his own joke, seeing Zidane glance over to him, eyes dark. 
The grin on Lance’s face fell. “Sorry.” He cleared his throat. “I was just thinking of something stupid.”
A grin curved one side of Zidane’s mouth. “Not unusual.”
“Hey,” Lance started. “Shut up.”
Cal’s face flashed in Lance’s mind. All the time he’d made that joke, pointing at the person, and all the times Lance had laughed his ass off at the sheer stupidity of it, the comedic timing of the insult.
Zidane laughed, falling back down to the earth bed. 
“We got a long day tomorrow,” he said, voice coming out from the rectangular hole. “Get some sleep.” 
Lance nodded, smile still on his face. For the first time in a long while, he was feeling… Hopeful. He was going to make his future a good one. 

_____________________

“Favorite childhood memory. Go.”
Lance looked over at Zidane, seeing him glance back with a smile. They both continued walking, taking in the fresh air of Ereithri.
“Oh, I got it!” Lance snapped his fingers. “There was this one time, when I was like eight, when I broke a pot with my skateboard. Tried to do a trick and it slid out too fast, cracking the base. My mom was pissed, but her expression was pretty funny.”
“Your mom seems like the type of person who would get angry at that,” Zidane commented.
“Yeah,” Lance replied, remembering how she’d held the knife upon forgetting him. 
They walked in silence for a few moments before Lance looked up again.
“What about you?”
Zidane returned his quietness, walking and shifting the staff along his back. He cleared his throat.
“Probably a time when I was around four. My mom and I were visiting a river, and some fish came up to nibble on our hands. The smile on her face was so… Carefree.”
Lance looked up to the sky, the slightest of questions in his voice as he said, “Limitless?”
“Yeah. Limitless. Like nothing could touch her.”
“She was a strong woman.”
Zidane nodded, and his voice dropped to a murmur. 
“She was.”
Lance stayed quiet, not knowing what to do next. His first inclination was to bring up Kazuo, but that was another sore subject. 
“Favorite adolescent memory,” he said with a smile. “So far.”
“So far?” Zidane replied, glancing back.
Lance nodded.
The crossbreed turned ahead, and Lance waited. He felt an apprehension build within his chest; some part of himself preparing to feel that shock of warmth upon hearing Zooka’s name. 
“There was a time a few months ago,” he began, “when Zoo and I celebrated the anniversary of Kazuo’s death. Third time we did it. He really liked to travel, so each time, we’ve gone to a favorite spot of his and celebrated our time with him. Her idea.”
Lance smiled, feeling his soul expand. “That’s wonderful.”
“Yeah,” Zidane replied. “This third time, we went to a spot in MOCT that he helped build. Had a picnic and stargazed afterwards. It was nice.”
Lance nodded, trying to smile past the jealousy twisting his insides. “Yeah, sounds cool.”
“What about you?”
“Me?” At his nod, Lance thought back, straining towards the sky. “I think this is pretty damn great so far.”
Zidane didn’t laugh like Lance expected him to. The human thought back, straining hard past the hurt and the pain of his former life. A life he hoped to get back to. 
“There was a show we played,” he began, “in a city a few hours away from our hometown. It was pretty packed and fairly wild—people jumping off the balconies and shit. During a breakdown, I walked on the crowd—actually walked on the crowd, with people holding me up by the feet and everything. Felt like some kind of god. Like nothing could touch me in that moment.”
“That’s awesome.” 
“Yeah,” Lance replied. “Guess it was.”
Like quicksand dragging something down, Lance felt his mind and soul pulled into darkness. Thinking about the past again, the life he no longer had. It hurt, to say the least. The longing was more than painful.
Zidane turned to look over his shoulder, his eyes lightening to a sky-blue as he spoke.
“You’ll get back there, Lance,” Zidane said, looking behind his shoulder to reveal sky-blue eyes. “Hold the future in a hopeful light, remember?”
Lance smiled a little. “Yeah.”
They walked for a few more moments until Lance finally spoke.
“I wish I could’ve met Kazuo.”
“Yeah,” Zidane replied after a moment. “I do, too.”
Silence came between them until Zidane glanced over his shoulder again. 
“So tell me about your band.”
Lance blinked, momentarily forgetting he even had a band. He swallowed down the regret, looking to the ground.
“Um, we played metal.” He watched his feet make pathway marks along the grass. “Carry the Creation played metal.”
“I like the name.”
“Thanks,” Lance said, glancing up. He straightened, rolling his shoulders back as he looked ahead of himself again. “My friend made up the name. It’s supposed to signify how no matter what, you carry whatever you create along with you. The mistakes and heartaches, loves and losses. It’s part of what you bring to the world.”
Zidane hummed. “That’s beautiful.”
“Yeah,” Lance said. “It was a fun gig.”
“Is,” Zidane corrected kindly. “It still exists, right?”
Lance stared, realization hitting him. “Guess so.” He tried to laugh, failing miserably. “I wonder what they think of all the demo tapes we recorded.”
“There’s an element to memory slating,” Zidane began, “where, when faced with a piece of what’s been forgotten, the brain fills it in with another explanation. It’s possible they could think of your guitar playing as somebody else’s.”
Like Trent’s or something, Lance added, completely interested. 
“I wonder what they think of my screaming.”
“You screamed?” Zidane glanced back, raising a brow. 
“Yeah. Why’s that so surprising?” 
He shrugged one shoulder. “Just didn’t peg you as the type. You’re kinda quiet.”
Lance nodded. “I’ve gotten that before.”
Zidane paused for a moment. “What style of metal did your band play?”
“Some blend between melodic and deathcore.”
“Kinda wide blend.”
Lance laughed a little. “Yeah. I think we made it work, though.” He looked back to Zidane, picking up his pace a little bit. “Wait, how do you know about subgenres?”
One shoulder shrugged. “I like all types of music.”
“Even, like, metal and country and shit?”
Zidane nodded. “Especially shit.”
He exchanged a grin with Lance, who ducked his head as he let out a laugh. “Sorry; couldn’t resist that one.”
Lance grinned, and then another memory came to him.	
“I played a few acoustic shows a couple times a week; sometimes solo, sometimes with Trent, a friend of mine.” He ran a hand through his hair, feeling tears sting his eyes. “I, uh, tutored, too. This kid who recently moved to our school. Nice guy.”
“Sounds like you’re really into music.”
“Yeah. I am.”
A few steps came between the quiet surrounding them. Zidane looked behind his shoulder, speaking softly. 
“I hope I get to hear your band someday.”
“Yeah,” Lance replied. “Same.”
They walked in silence after that, each one confined to their own thoughts until they settled down for the night, speaking quietly to one another until sleep pulled one of them away.





















Chapter Thirty-Nine
Whispers of the Fallen

Zidane was in the middle of telling a story when he suddenly disappeared. Lance’s eyes grew wide, footsteps halting as he stood alone in the middle of a clearing. 
“Zidane?” he called, looking around.
No answer.
“C’mon, this isn’t funny...”
He knew Zidane had a small storage of energy, but to use it all as a joke? None of that made sense.
It was when he stepped forward that his surroundings shifted. 
A windy path on the side of a grey mountain greeted him. Lance’s breath fell from him, and he looked to see Zidane glance back. 
“Where are we?” Lance asked.
Zidane reached into his back pocket, pulling out a folded map. He opened it, popping out the chart. But the blinking dot that represented them was nowhere to be seen.
“He must have teleported us off-track.”
“He?” Lance asked. “You mean Yowlitch?”
“Yeah, or someone under his command. It might’ve been a teleportation barrier.”
Lance thought back. That made sense; both of them teleported when they stepped up to a certain spot.
“So, what do we do?”
“Find a way out of here.” Zidane started forward, tucking the map into his back pocket. Lance followed, cautious of the ledge a few feet away.
They walked for a few minutes in silence before Zidane slowed to a stop, a small, one-foot gap separating the path. 
Zidane cautiously stepped over, foot knocking a few rocks down. With his heart in his throat, Lance watched them fall, fire surrounding the splashes they made. 
Firewater. Great.
“Is that really necessary?” Lance asked, stepping over the gap. “Like, it’s not enough you drown, but you gotta get burned up before you do.”
Zidane grinned, walking forward. “Let’s hope we don’t find out.”
They continued on, a few more jumps greeting them. They were cleared easily, and a few minutes later the two came across a wall filled with writing. Lance looked over the foreign symbols as Zidane slowed to a stop, looking up to the top.
The crossbreed raised two fingers, touching his forehead before touching the wall, forefinger spreading away from the middle. A few questions resounded in Lance’s mind, but he picked one of them.
“Why the forehead?”
“Represents the third eye,” Zidane replied, voice a little distant. “All knowing, all seeing.”
“So, it’s seeing respect for the dead,” Lance said, watching Zidane nod solemnly.
“Yeah,” was all he said. His gaze rose, looking up to the top of the wall again, scanning all the messages along the way. “There’s been a lot.”
“Which makes it fun for us,” Lance said, feeling his face pale.
Zidane smiled, turning ahead. “We’ll get through it,” he said. The staff on his back shifted with a shrug of the shoulder. “We have to.”
Lance nodded, determination sinking into his gut and mixing with the fear. He swallowed, trying to back the emotion away, and continued on. Converse shoes scraping against unknown, rock-like material.
They came across the first jump a few minutes later, the gap splitting apart their path. 
Zidane suddenly stopped walking, turning to Lance and nodding towards the bag at his side. “There should be a rope in your duffel bag.”
Lance unzipped the bag, digging through flat, translucent rectangles and bags filled with clear liquid. Lance knew the rectangles were trays that formed thoughts into food; the bags, however, Lance questioned aloud.
“They’re for healing. Hopefully, we won’t have to use them.”
“Found it.” Lance pulled out a tightly coiled rope. “Now what?”
Zidane stepped up to him, taking the rope and flicking it out. It draped to its full length and Zidane tied one end around his waist. He stepped back, tossing the other half of the rope. Lance caught it, wrapping the rope around his waist. He cursed, fumbling with the knot. It slipped from his hands, brain too preoccupied with the image of falling to his death.
“Here.” Zidane stepped forward, and Lance watched the rope retract, slipping to a shorter length.
“It... Gets shorter.”
Zidane nodded, taking Lance’s side of the rope as he glanced up. “Gets longer, too. It’ll come in handy.”
Lance nodded, trying to become fascinated with the magic of it instead of the gaping drop a few feet to his right. He tried to breathe, putting a hand to his hair. Just breathe, he was still alive.
Maybe not for long, though.
Zidane suddenly stopped, and Lance copied his movement.
“First jump.”
Lance rose onto his tip-toes, trying to see what he was talking about when Zidane stepped to the left, allowing Lance view of the space between this path and another one. Shit.
Zidane smiled, reaching up to ruffle Lance’s already-messed up hair. “Don’t worry about it.”
Lance only briefly looked up, deciding not to bother with the inevitable wind-swept look. He walked forward, seeing Zidane stop a few feet from the edge. The crossbreed stepped back, hand going behind him, finger sweeping against the body of the rope. He pulled on it, making sure it would extend, and moved back until he was almost directly in front of Lance.
He sprinted, bounding across and quickly beginning to drop. A hand reached out, catching the ledge.
Lance let out the breath he’d been holding in. Way too close; how the hell was he supposed to get to the other side if Zidane barely made it?
“So, how are we going about this?” he asked, leaning his weight to the side as his hands slipped into the pocket of his hoodie. He watched Zidane stand, brushing off his legs.
“Step off”—a hand reached out, fingertip sliding against the rope’s body. Zidane yanked it, stumbling Lance for a moment—“And I’ll pull you back up.”
Lance’s heart leapt to his throat. That was his plan?
“You serious?” he asked.
Zidane nodded, shrugging as he held the rope, prepared to tug. “What else would you have me do?”
Lance briefly looked down, taking a few steps forward to see the end of the path. The immediate drop into the firewater.
Shit. He really didn’t have a choice.
With his heart hammering, he spoke aloud.
“You sure it’ll stay?” he asked, speaking about the rope.
Zidane nodded, tugging again a few times. Lance shuffled forward. “Alright, alright I get it.”
Zidane grinned, but Lance couldn’t return the expression. 
He held his breath, and stepped off the ledge.
Gravity slammed into him, chilling his body and numbing his insides. Placing his stomach in his throat. He suddenly stopped falling, body jerked by the rope around his waist, and began to swing, turning to avoid slamming face-first into the new path. Body bumping, he looked up, seeing Zidane smile down at him. Already beginning to hoist him up.
Lance let out a breath, trying not to feel like dead weight.
He reached up, Zidane taking his wrist and pulling him past the ledge of the path. Lance’s shoes scraped against the ledge, finally finding stability.
“That was stupid,” he breathed shakily, hearing Zidane laugh.
“Hopefully, that’s our last one,” he said. “Not sure how many could make it.”
“Are these ropes common?”
Zidane shook his head. “Not really; this one was modified by Yittek for length.” At Lance’s nod, he grinned. “Let’s keep going.”
They continued on, each jump more difficult than the last. Further apart, and it was when Zidane briefly ran along the wall and jumped to safety that Lance questioned him.
“You’re using some of the reserve?”
Zidane nodded, hands slipping into his pockets. “Have to.” He gave a reverse-nod to Lance’s ledge. “It’s okay, though. Step off and I’ll pull you up.”
Lance sighed. His fear of heights wasn’t coming in handy. It’s not like he was getting used to this, either...
He did as he was told, dropping off, feeling gravity scream at him, and waited to be pulled up. Just perfect.
He spun until he was hanging in front of the ledge, stepping onto it and taking Zidane’s forearm, the crossbreed returning the hold. Zidane stepped back as Lance stepped up onto the ledge, giving a grin.
“Think we got a hike before the next one.”
Lance looked beyond him, seeing the path wind around and disappear around a corner. Judging from the distant paths he could see, there weren’t any jumps for a while.
“Good,” he breathed. He held his tongue, stopping himself from saying how his body was starting to hurt from getting slammed into stone over and over again.
Zidane slapped a hand to his shoulder, the pressure falling away as the crossbreed started forward. “Better than the alternative, right?”
Yeah, guess so...
Lance read the wall as they passed by, seeing fewer signatures the further they went.
“Shouldn’t this be easy for Razaleks?” Lance asked.
Zidane shook his head. “Most aren’t used to having a drastically reduced energy storage, so they probably burnt it all out early on.”
“Couldn’t they just teleport out?”
“Not enough energy.” Zidane shrugged.
He suddenly slowed down. Lance stepped to the side, looking past Zidane and feeling his stomach drop. A thin pathway—no more than a few inches in width—wound alongside the mountain wall.
They were going to have to scale.
Zidane pressed himself against the wall, beginning to sidestep the narrow path.
Lance followed slowly, hearing his feet knock over small rocks and send them into the firewater below. He leaned his head back against the wall, trying to keep his mind from floating away. "This guy really likes his fire, doesn’t he?"
"It’s probably some sort of message," Zidane mused, continuing on and forcing Lance to keep moving as well. "Flames are a basic teleportation, one of the weakest ones. So—"
"So, he’s saying we’re weak?" Lance cut in, unable to keep himself quiet.
Zidane nodded, focusing on the path ahead. "Yeah." His hand rose, finger gently pressing against Lance’s forehead. "Try not to get too pissed about it. Let’s do what we can to not get a reaction, okay?"
"Yeah," Lance said as Zidane’s dropped his hand away. "That’d be pretty bad..."
He looked down, momentarily studying the rope around his waist. If he fell unconscious, and literally fell off this edge, both of them would go down.
Lance shut the thought away, holding his breath in his throat as he focused on copying Zidane’s small steps to the left.
"What kind of music do you like, Lance?"
Lance stared at him, more than confused. What kind of question was that?
It took a moment, but he recognized what the crossbreed was doing.
"Oh." Lance said, turning his focus to answering. Not to the gorge below them. "Pretty much everything, I guess. Never really got into country, though."
Zidane nodded, understanding. "It takes a certain type of ear."
They moved in silence for a few moments before Zidane spoke again.
"Shit."
Lance looked to him again, confused for the second time. Zidane had stopped moving, his body blocking what was ahead. But Lance could see the path curving around, large spaces in between the edge.
"Fuck." Lance shot the word out from his mouth, the anger only giving him a small amount of relief. "How... How are we going to jump those?"
Zidane stayed quiet, turning his stare down below them. Thinking, but why he was thinking while looking down at that firewater was more than enough to make Lance’s chest start shaking. Reality, the true reality of where they actually were and what they were doing, caught up to him. He focused on breathing, gathering air back into his lungs.
"I’ll need to adjust the rope when we get to the first jump," Zidane began, continuing to move forward, "but this isn’t anything we can’t handle."
The confidence in his voice was enough to calm Lance down just a little bit, make his legs start moving again. He kept breathing, kept his brain focused enough for him not to slip.
A few moments later, Zidane had slowed down, running a nail across the rope and lengthening it with a tug.
“You gonna try to jump that?” Lance asked.
“I can make it,” Zidane replied. “It’ll take a little bit of energy, but afterwards you can drop off and I’ll pull you up.”
Great. Lance felt his face pale. Doing it with wide pathways was one thing, but only having inches of stability?
Zidane galloped and jumped, pushing off the wall and grabbing the ledge.
As he climbed up, Lance blinked, noticing a change in his surroundings. Noticing red splotches amidst the grey and blue.
Shit.
Just calm down, he told himself. Cells react to fear; they feed off of it like God-forsaken leeches. I’m fine. I can do this.
At Zidane’s command, he stepped off and felt the first spark of pain.
His eyes opened, when his body jerked and he was suspended in mid-air again. Half his vision was red.
Double-shit.
“Hey, Zidane,” he called softly, reaching for his arm. “How long does it take for a cleansing to kick in?”
Features blurred as he was pulled up. A worry face covered in red.
“Tell me you’re not having one.”
Lance gave one single, pathetic laugh.
“Wish I could say differently.”
Another jolt of pain rocked into him. Lance gritted his teeth, feeling the path beneath his heels. Feeling the Epi-Pen slam against his leg before darkness overtook him.
________
Zidane shifted his weight to one foot, picking Lance up and carrying him with both arms. 
This was going to be a long journey.
He made the next two jumps, trying to preserve the small amount of energy that hadn’t be deactivated upon stepping into this place. 
It was when his energy went critical, when he was faced with a ten-foot leap, that Zidane cursed his luck.
He ran sideways as quickly as he could, foot slipping out and staggering. He stopped at the ledge, breathing out to regain himself.
That was too close.
He backed up, trying again. At the jump, his foot pushed off the wall, a small breath allowing him more momentum and officially depleting his energy. 
Zidane hung onto the ledge by his fingers.
He tried to pick himself up, feet scraping against the rock. But there was another energy now; something was holding him down. Quickly weakening his muscles.
His thoughts turned inwards. He hung for a long while, simply thinking. After everything, this was how they’d die.
So many had passed before them, and now they’d be added to the list.
I’m sorry, Lance. Zidane closed his eyes, feeling his grip on the human weaken. This was all my fault.
Lance trembled against him, quick shocks of pain flitting into his expression, his muscles. 
Zooka…
He wished he could see her, just one more time. Enough to truly take in her beauty, her radiance. Like seeing the sun’s light after being engulfed in darkness for so long. 
She was that light. Always had been, always would be.
The fingers suspending him from the ledge weakened.
I can’t…
His mind stopped there. Unable to finish the sentence. But slowly, it came crawling back. With it, a burning fire.
I can’t let it end like this.
His foot rammed against the rock, boot slamming against the concrete-like surface. If he could make a step, he could save both their lives. 
His foot rammed again. He gritted his teeth, slamming his toes and feeling a crack inside his nail, his bones. He continued, slamming his foot over, and over, and over, and over again until he couldn’t feel it anymore. He could feel the split down his toenails, the warmth of the blood sloshing in his shoe. But the appendage was more than numb.
Finally, when tears blurred the view of the sky, he felt a step form. He pushed up, pain screaming at him and gritting his teeth further. He shifted his hold, pressing his arm across the ledge and hoisting himself and Lance halfway up.
Lance winced quietly, prompting Zidane’s stare to him. Still lightly shaking.
Zidane looked back to the ledge. Now the next problem; getting both of them up.
He gripped the very start of Lance’s side of the rope, gradually feeding it down until Lance was hanging freely again.
Zidane pulled himself up and turned, sitting on the ledge. He pulled the rope, walking it up and raising Lance up once again.
Zidane grabbed the human’s arm, feeling it tremble in his hold, and slung him over one shoulder. Carefully, he turned around and stood, finally beginning the walk on this new path.
He moved on his heel, feeling the blood pool to the back of his shoe. Limping, Zidane continued on. It was all he could do. It brought to mind a quote:
“We can’t go on. We go on.”
And he was going on. As long as he could, he was moving forward. No matter what. No matter how long it took, he was continuing headstrong.










Chapter Forty
Longing

Zooka met his eyes with a smile. There was an ethereal glow around her, a heavenly vibe. She grinned, but the words she said never reached Lance’s ears.
She lifted a delicate hand, gently cupping the side of his face, his head turning in the direction of her hand. Feeling her thumb sweep across his cheek.
Lance opened his eyes to blue sky. He thought back, now hearing the words she’d spoken.
“I’ll be waiting for you.”
How could he know what her voice sounded like?
Zidane’s memories. Even then, those were a few years back... The way she sounded in his dream... It was like she was actually there.
Lance looked up, noticing a mesh tent above him. An elliptical light followed his stare, allowing him to look outside without any interruption. Where were they? What happened to the cliffs?
I... Had another attack... The sight of seeing red atop the blue of the flaming waters came back. We still made it out?
He forced himself to sit up, feeling his shoulder muscles scream for him to stop. Raising himself halfway up, he suddenly saw Zidane crouch down, all of his weight leaning to one side as he moved the bottom of the tent up and over himself. With dark eyes, he softly glared at Lance.
“Hey, what’re you doing up?”
“Uh.” Lance tried to grin. “We made it out of that place, right?”
Zidane nodded, shifting to sit down at the edge of Lance’s bed. “Yeah, I’m in the process of healing my foot. Had to ram it against a rock and rip off a few toenails in order to get us out of there, but hey, we made it, so no harm, no fowl.”
Lance ignored his stomach snarling in disgust, glad he wasn’t there to see it actually happen. He looked away.
“Sorry,” he said. With his stare going above them, to the top of the mesh tent, he added, “Especially for slowing us down like this.”
Zidane shook his head. He stood up, holding the wall of the tent up with a wrist and holding one foot in the air. “Don’t worry about it,” he said as he did this. “Just focus on getting better, alright?”
Lance nodded, dropping onto his back as he heard Zidane walk away. The crossbreed’s voice came to him again as he shuffled through the duffel bag.
He had to carry my shit, too. The anger gave way to depression. Why am I so useless?
“You want anything to eat?”
Lance dismissed the question instantly, feeling his stomach silently ache in protest. In the next moment, a tray was being extended to him. Something that could change into any food he wanted. He looked past it, seeing Zidane holding the tray with lighter eyes. The smile on his face broke into a grin.
“In case you’re hungry later.”
A bit of a lie; Lance could only guess Zidane had seen through his own fib. He took it, immediately setting it aside with a quiet thanks.
“Just focus on getting better, okay?”
“You too.”
Zidane nodded, standing again. Lance settled back, fatigue carrying him off to sleep.

______________

It was that night when Lance was looking up at the stars.
“You think there’s something out there?” he asked the silence around them. “Something that planned all this?”
The stillness stretched on for a beat, and from his place hanging by his tail, Zidane replied.
“I’m not really religious,” he said. “Not very spiritual, either.”
“What’s the difference?”
“I’ve heard religion is looking outside for an answer; spirituality is finding that answer inside.”
“Was that from Kazuo?”
Zidane nodded. “Yeah.”
Lance was silent, staring up at the white streak in the sky.
“Do you miss him?”
A pause; a clearing of the throat.
“I do,” the crossbreed said quietly. “I miss him a lot sometimes.”
Lisa flashed in Lance’s mind.
“Take a jacket will you? It’ll be cold outside.”
“What do you do, when you’re missing him a lot?”
He peeked a little bit, enough to see Zidane shrug his shoulders. His hair was flipped upside-down, fully exposing tear-drop-shaped ears.
“Go spend some time with Zoo, usually,” he said, keeping his eyes closed. “It’s enough to wear the sadness down. I know she misses him, too, more than I do.”
“He was her caregiver,” Lance said, agreeing.
“Yeah.”
They were silent, until Zidane suddenly spoke. “Lance.”
Lance slowly sat up, hair falling into one eye as he turned to look behind himself. He pushed it back, palm resting against his forehead, as Zidane continued.
“I know things might seem dismal at times, but we’re making progress, just being here. I want you to remember that, okay?”
He nodded, feeling a soft tension sit against his stomach. “Yeah,” he replied. “It’s the present moment that counts.”
Something Trent would say, he was sure of it.
Zidane smiled. “Exactly.”
A comfortable silence came between them, broken when Zidane spoke again.
“Think I’m going to turn in for the night.”
Lance gave a small hum. “Night.”
When he didn’t hear the sound of feet landing against the ground, he snuck another peek. Still hanging.
Lance grinned. “You sleep like that?”
Zidane grinned as well. “Meditating before,” he replied. “Helps the brain relax.”
Lance settled back down, closing his eyes to the sky again. “Wish I had a tail...”
“Careful what you wish for.”
The serious curve to Zidane’s voice made Lance’s smile fade. He opened his eyes to the night sky. He almost didn’t want to ask, but...
“How long,” he began, “‘til it grows in?”
A memory came back to him; a nightmare. Being on all fours, his spine shooting out from his tailbone.
“Do you like the new you?”
Lance blinked the voice away, trying to rid the horrible feeling it brought his gut as well.
“Can’t really say,” Zidane replied, just as solemn. “Might be months”—If I even make it that long, Lance thought—”Could be days. The cells seem like they’ve got specific targets in mind.”
In a specific order... Lance added silently. For a moment, he wondered if Zidane heard the thought, but then remembered where they were. It was strange, being alone in your mind. Truly alone.
Like sitting in an empty room.
A familiar touch came to his hands, his fingertips specifically. He wanted to write. It’d been so long since he’d written any poetry, his main inspiration having forgotten him. He never thought he’d feel guilty, taking his own mom for granted.
“We’re a few days away from Kiresune,” Zidane continued, and when he spoke again, Lance could hear the smile in his voice. “I wouldn’t worry too much about the tail thing.”
Lance smiled, still feeling the uneasiness in his gut. “Yeah...”
But the aches in his stomach and chest didn’t go away, even when his dreams were lightly dampened by nightmares. 
Chapter Forty-One 
Haunted

Zidane waited for a long time. He continued to lean back against a tree, the shade immersing him. He closed his eyes, head bowing. Honoring that darkness.
His surroundings became clearer, and for a few minutes he watched the river. The splashes of water gently crashing against the sides, the fish weaving beneath the clear surface.
His foot pushed off the tree, giving him the momentum to begin walking. He moved in the opposite direction of the current, facing forward. Standing tall, despite the pressure against his back. 
Why had he come?
What was he waiting for?
Fish hopped into view. One with long whiskers and a scythe-like tail, the other a large red fish, a cross between a koi and catfish. Both looked to him. Studying, judging as if human.
They disappeared as his name was called.
“Konachi.”
He turned, feet slowing to a stop. Eyes darkening as they met Adelah’s. She smiled; he didn’t return it. 
She stayed standing underneath the tree, and for a long moment Zidane felt a desperation to join her, relax from all the time he’d spend waiting. But then she spoke again, still smiling, her head slightly tilted to one side. 
“Why did you come?”
Zidane hesitated.
“Because you wanted me to.”
Adelah smiled again, taking a step forward. Zidane slid one foot back. 
“I wanted to see you again,” he said. “I needed to.”
Her eyes narrowed, gently slitting. Becoming a deep, familiar blue.
“By whose standards?”
Another pause.
“It doesn’t matter.”
Adelah laughed, her hand moving away from her smiling mouth. The sound sent a river of chills down Zidane’s back, reminding him far too much of Ezyta.
“Why try to fix something so broken? It’s not like you deserve a family.”
Anger ticked into Zidane. “She’s all the family I need.”
“Hm.” Adelah crossed her arms, a smirk on her face. Almost a mirror of the Razalek empress. She turned away elegantly, one arm outstretched. Her finger flicked out, and Zidane was flung back into the river.
He hit the water hard, immediately surrounded and swept up by the current. He tried to hold his breath, but found that his mouth couldn’t remain closed against the pressure. His lips parted, welcoming in the water flooding his lungs. As the surface’s light began to grow dimmer, the weight began to set in. Zidane’s eyes closed, vision reduced to nothing but darkness. Burning met his lungs still trying to inflate, still trying to pull in air.
His eyes were open again, staring into a familiar face. He spoke, the word expanding into a bubble as it exited his mouth.
“Mom...”
Kyrene’s golden eyes smiled. She extended her hands, cupping the sides of his face. Gently holding him with the same softness he hadn’t felt in so long. The same comforting warmth. Her eyes grew brighter, almost becoming pale. Her thumbs moved, gently traveling along the sides of his face.
“My Nachi...”
Her fingers curled, nails clawing into his skin. Blood erupted, traveling up past the side of his face as Zidane screamed. The sound of his pain was completely silent, not even the thrashing of his hands trying to pull hers away reached his ears. Her nails just continued to dig, continued to tear into his skin as he felt tears slip out of his eyes, mixing and blending with the endlessly deep river.
I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.
His hands found her wrists, his grip tightening as if he could stop himself from trembling. He opened his eyes to Kyrene’s face again, seeing the hatred. Seeing the screaming shapes of her mouth. Her words rang loud and clear, forcing his attention to their booming volume echoing across the river.
“You did it! You killed me! You let me die!”
Zidane couldn’t breathe. His sight was darkening, consciousness slipping. But even still, he could see Kyrene. He could feel the nails that had worked their way deep into the muscles of his face.
The weight of the water fell away. Zidane was standing upright, still soaked from the river. The flames collapsing the small homes around him gave off no heat, doing nothing, but brighten the night sky and illuminate the path of corpses paving the way to a large wooden cross.
There was a figure hanging from the cross, the sight of them reduced to nothing but blurs. Zidane’s feet began moving, feeling the crunch of hands beneath his steps. Quiet, voiceless pleas for him to help. He didn’t look down to the corpses; he could only focus directly in front of him, feeling the absolute horror try and pull him back the closer he got to this cross.
As soon as he stepped into arm’s length, the figure came into focus. He looked at her, thin body covered by nothing but a single strip of cloth wrapping around and hiding the most intimate parts.
Her feet were crossed, a single knife driven through to hold them both down. Knives were through each of her wrists, transparent cords hanging from the hilt.  Tiny nails embedded each broken finger into the wood. 
Zidane took another step forward, feeling something like pride. 
Her head began rising, long hood hiding her face. The tip of her chin came into view, nicked with cuts and soaked with blood. A moan creaked from her, and Zidane could only move forward. Reaching out to lower her hood.
Before he could, she knocked it back with a twitch of the head. Revealing the blood-soaked wind chime that had been spiked through her forehead. Revealing the non-existent mouth.
Jade green eyes fixed onto his dark ones.
Her chin stretched away, ripping her mouth into existence. Zidane tried to step back, but the sound of her words froze his feet.
“You…” The voice was like death all on its own, overpowering the sound of the flames. “Lied to me.”
“I…” He shook his head, feeling scared. Helpless. “Zooka, I didn’t—”
“You lied to me!” she screamed, bowing forward from the force. A sob choked out of her, rocking her thin body. “You lied to me…”
“Zooka…”
“Stop!” 
The cuts from Kyrene’s nails suddenly ignited, sending Zidane’s hands to his face and hunching his body. Zooka continued on.
“Stop lying!”
I can’t… The words shook inside his mind. It’s the only thing I know how to do right.
“After everything I’ve done for you!” Zooka screamed. “This is how you repay me?”
Zidane opened his mouth, watching his tongue roll out. The organ shredded, skin hanging off, and swinging in the air. 
I’m sorry. He couldn’t speak, couldn’t say these words. The sound of his heartbeat grew louder, and the flames matched the rhythm of his existence. 
He woke up when the water splashed against him. Pulling his mouth open a gasp. 
Lance fell back, the small bucket landing beside him. He stared at the ground, his breath coming out in ragged gasps.
“That’s... That’s why you don’t sleep, huh?”
Zidane didn’t answer. He could only turn, spraying the water out of his mouth like a fountain would. Because that’s all he was; just a weighted statue.
Just a waste of space.
“—Fire?”
Zidane looked towards him, eyes feeling heavier than ever.
Lance repeated the question.
“You want me to make you a fire? You look pretty soaked.”
Zidane shook his head, two fingers pushing off the ground as he stood. “I got it.”
His hand slipped into a pocket, flicking a small bead into the fire pit with his thumb. Embers ignited instantly, and Zidane unzipped his jacket. Pulled his shirt over his head, felt chills run along his back. The trays they were using to eat had food and water that was spawned from the user’s thoughts… Couldn’t Lance have manifested lukewarm water, at the very least?
He dropped the clothes in a pile beside him, and sat down. Staring into the flames, he felt the first tug on his consciousness. A tap, like someone was trying to contact him.
Yittek? But the energy was much too potent, much too forceful. 
Flames surrounded him, familiar gravity pulling him somewhere else. 











Chapter Forty-Two
Nothing & Everything

Zidane looked up, eyes trailing over the pale-gold carpet, the pyramid staircase, before movement caught his eye. Gurenok’s freakishly short body running down the stairs, arms out in hopes for balance. Arms that seemed to reach out further than possible, as if they could somehow extend and reclaim their length again.
Zidane always thought it so revolting, how she’d diminished her own life guardian. 
His stare traveled up the steps, up the wide golden carpet, his sight landing on her throne. 
Her legs were crossed, trapping part of the elegant dress she wore. Sleek with the hem ripped to pieces, some floating around her. One elbow on the armrest, one hand perching her slim jaw. 
Her mouth adorned a smile, eyes narrowed at him and him alone.
“So, finally you come,” she said, her voice echoing down to him. “Shame I have to drag my own pet.”
Zidane willed himself not to look away, keeping his dark eyes on orange irises swirled with gold. Even if it hurt, seeing that color. Even if it always would.
“Thought you could figure out the deal’s off.”
“Hm.” Ezyta shifted, placing her arm on its respective rest, reversing her crossed legs. “And here I thought you too stupid to back out again.”
A sweeping flash; a feeling like his consciousness had just been cut. Something to do with Lance.
Lance? No answer. It was as if the connection had been severed. 
Ezyta smiled. Her fingers tapped against the armrest’s large orb, playing to a rhythm only she knew. “How many things does your human not know?”
A breath shot out from Zidane, mind willing fire to take him back to Yowlitch’s forest of Ereithri. He remained there, trapped in Ezyta’s presence. Feeling her energy swirl, push against his back and cause a light stumble. He refused to look away from her, glare evident.
Her words came back, spoken with ripping malice.
“Betray me again and I will destroy your existence.”
Is that what she was doing? What she had done?
“So many lies…” Her head slowly tilted to one side, smug smile only increasing.
The connection clicked. 
“No…” His eyes went wide. She couldn’t have… “You… You didn’t…”
A sly smile curved Ezyta’s lips.
“We’re even.”
Fire swarmed him, and in the next moment, Zidane was in the forest of Ereithri again.
______________________

All he felt was the slit of his neck, and then the pain.
Lance crumpled to his knees, hands slapping to his neck. But the blood kept pouring, quickly draining from him. Lance never saw the grass close to his face; he only saw Cal through the eye of his memory. Zidane’s hand reaching to his temple, withdrawing nothing. No mDNA strand; no grey in Cal’s eyes.
Lie.
Lisa’s face next. Knife in Zidane’s hand, the other withdrawing nothing from her temple. Her eyes flickering from grey to brown.
From the beginning.
Grass. Lance blinked, his airways struggling this time. Only six words resounded in his mind.
He’s been lying since the beginning.
His chest stuttered, lungs fighting alongside it.
Myself. I’ve only had myself this whole time.
Was Yittek in on this, too?
Lance collapsed on his side, temple scraping into the dirt. He clutched his throat a bit tighter, feeling his head reach new heights of lightness.
Blood spurted from his mouth, globbing onto the grass and his lips.
Someone’s voice. Lance felt hands move him, turning him onto his back and moving his hands away from his throat. Something was placed on his neck, and it was enough for Lance to open his eyes. See the one face he didn’t want to.
His wound—whatever the hell that was—was healing, but his head was still sky-high. He blinked, staring up at Zidane.
The crossbreed looked back, dark eyes searching Lance’s.
“Guess I don’t have to ask if you’re okay or not,” Zidane said.
Taking the healing pack, Lance pushed himself up, mind replaying the images he’d seen. All of it... He couldn’t explain it but somehow all of it made sense...
Lance looked to Zidane, keeping the bag on his neck.
“You lied.”
A flash of wide eyes; a flash of a color deeper than black.
“Lied about what?”
Lance stood up, stepping backwards as his head swam from the lightheadedness. “Everything. What didn’t you lie about, you bastard?” Taking another step back with his other foot, Lance put a hand to his head, breathing out.
A small inkling of feeling; an increment of happiness.
“Don’t even try to influence me!” Lance yelled. “What else are you hiding?”
Zidane stood, one hand brushing off his leg. “I’m not hiding anything, Lance. You’re delusional; you just lost a lot of blood.”
Brightening eyes glanced downward, directing Lance’s stare to the grass. Short blades that were soaked with ruby red.
Lance swallowed, bringing the bag down to both hands. He stared at it, seeing the blood drip off the translucent surface.
What had he just experience, those memories of his mother and Cal, mDNA nonexistent. Was that real?
“Where did you just go?” Lance asked, looking to Zidane again. “What was that fire? Where’d it take you?”
“To Ezyta,” Zidane replied, leaning his weight to one leg and putting his hands in his pockets. “Had a fun time chatting with her.”
Lance stared. “E-Ezyta?”
Zidane nodded. “Yeah.” He bent down, picking up the spilled healing patches and messenger bag.
“C’mon, we should get going.”
He started walking away when Lance’s voice stopped him.
“Zidane?”
The crossbreed turned, bright eyes looking over one shoulder. Lance continued on.
“You’ve been honest with me this entire time, right?”
Zidane nodded.
“Of course,” he said with the smallest of laughs. “We’re in this together, right?”
“Yeah,” Lance murmured, searching the grass. “But...”
He heard, saw, Zidane shift, turning around as he thought. What were those images?
Lance swallowed.
“How did you contact me?” he asked. “The very first time; I was in my room, and your voice came out of nowhere.”
An image; a memory that wasn’t his. A yellow portal shining in a dark room. Zidane’s voice, then Ezyta’s.
“What will you do after my Solflux’s been injected?”
“You’ll find out soon enough; it’s nothing to trouble yourself with…” Loud heels tapped against echoing floor, leading Ezyta away. 
“I’ll contact you when it’s ready.”
“Solflux…” The word fell from Lance’s lips. “What the fuck is a Solflux?”
Zidane’s eyes grew wide, darkening to a shade deeper than cobalt. 
“Ezyta…”
Lance briefly saw the drops of blood before Zidane clapped a hand to his temple. He winced, speaking through his teeth.
“Everything she tells you is a lie.”
“Oh please,” Ezyta’s voice came into Lance’s mind, ringing out from every direction. “Don’t think you can still run, Zidane. Not when this is my playing field.”
More images. A memory from he was in the principal’s office; when he was with Cal. A memory of Zidane’s first promise, a voice that rang out from every angle. 
“Don’t freak out. We can do this. I’m not the enemy here.”
Lie.
“Stop...” Lance said. “Please, make it stop.”
“Your life is gone, human,” Ezyta said, words like silk. “And it’s all thanks to him. If he doesn’t tell you, then I will.” A grin formed in her voice as she added, “I may even kill you after, save those mutilated cells the trouble!”
What’re you talking about? Lance asked. Tell me what? Zidane was trying to save me; he still is.
Laughter. Loud, exuberant laughter.
“Don’t listen to her!”
A short scream—Zidane. Lance opened his eyes, seeing blood trickle down the crossbreed’s temple, rolling off his cheek, his chin.
“Dammit.” Their eyes locked, and Zidane spoke, words seething through his teeth. “Do not listen”—The wound on his temple dug deeper, blood spraying out like an invisible drill was tunneling into his skin—”to her!”
“A thief holds onto his possessions ‘til the very end,” Ezyta said. “The one lesson I didn’t teach you, Zidane. Or should I say Konachi?”
Another musical laugh. “I wonder how Zooka will react when I send her the truth about the abomination that is your lower half.”
Zidane breathed out, screaming with his breath.
The pain, the pressure, subsided from both of them.
“Don’t you dare.”
Lance blinked, seeing stars dance around in his vision. The pressure that came with Ezyta’s voice was suddenly ripped away, and Lance reclaimed his consciousness. But the memories—fresh, newfound realizations—didn’t go away.
He took a step towards Zidane. “What the hell was that? Those images…”
“Nothing.” Zidane walked towards the discarded duffel bag, crouching down and retrieving a healing pack. He placed it to his temple, wincing slightly as he spoke through his teeth. “Whatever she sent you was just an illusion.”
But something about it made sense. 
“Zidane.”
The crossbreed rose, blue eyes looking up towards him. Lance continued speaking.
“You never answered my question.”
A light sigh fell from Zidane’s mouth, his free hand disappearing into his pocket. “I told you in the beginning. I was supposed to bring you back and have you dissected.”
“But you chose not to,” Lance finished, remembering the words spoken across a hotel room table. “Because of your mom.”
Zidane’s eyes turned nearly black. He nodded. “That’s right.”
“Before that. What happened?”
Zidane removed the pack from his temple, the raw skin a bright scarlet. He tossed the bag into the duffel’s opening, picking up the strap and securing it over his chest. “It’s a long story. I’ll tell you on the way to Yowlitch’s.”
Lance took another step. “You’re stalling; I know you well enough by now.”
“You’re on the right track, human…” Ezyta’s voice sang. The grin was evident as she added, “Oh, how fun destructions are…”
A silence passed through them. 
Zidane’s eyes didn’t raise from the ground, and finally he pivoted.
“It’s really not worth knowing, Lance,” he said. “We’re wasting time.”
“Stop lying!” The memories of Cal and Lisa, of the non-existent mDNA strand came back again full-force. Tears stung Lance’s eyes. “It’s not real, is it? The mDNA?”
The footstep’s stopped, ball of one foot on the ground. 
Zidane looked back, eyes dark. 
“What makes you say that?”
Another memory triggered: being in the cabin, a glass in his hand and the light of a sunset coating their surroundings.
“These cells aren’t really in me, are they?”
“What makes you say that?”
How much have I been lied to? His insides quaked with fury.
“Tell me the fucking truth.”
Another memory flashed into his consciousness. But this was a blur of color; green and bright blue. A blur of Zidane and Zooka together.
“You… Can have kids, right?”
“Of course I can.”
A flash of pain. Lie.
“What’s the truth, Zidane?” Lance yelled, holding his head.
Zidane’s face suddenly twitched in pain, a wince coming from him. He bowed forward, holding his head as well, and the words rushed out of him. Like they were being forced out.
“I lied about everything. Once memories are gone, they’re gone. There’s no way to restore them. I just needed you to rely on me.”
What?
The pain vanished. Lance stood up straight, looking to the crossbreed in disbelief. In utter hopelessness.
“Tell… Tell me that’s a lie…”
Another memory filled his mind—one that wasn’t his own. Yittek with his arms crossed, leaning against a medicine counter. 
“Well, you certainly have yourself in a bind, don’t you?”
“Yittek...” He forced back a sob, forced himself to keep speaking. “Yittek was in on it, too?”
Zidane kept his stare down, kept his head turned away.
“He was, wasn’t he?”
A small nod answered him, and he noticed Zidane’s fist clench by his side. Lance turned away, feeling his chest tighten just as much.
He brought his hands to his face, trying to keep the tears from falling. But he still felt them rolling over his fingers, his palms. Moving into the sleeves of his sweatshirt. His mother’s voice came back, telling him to take a jacket because it would be cold outside.
Lance couldn’t stop himself from shaking.
He couldn’t stop the indescribable amount of pain pushing his chest down towards the ground. The hurt was beyond physical.
His fingers curled, nails clawing into the skin of his forehead as another sob moved through him. He tried to hold his composure, tried to pull a deeper breath into his lungs but feeling it instantly crumble.
“There was no way...” His voice sounded so weak, barely making a vibration in his throat. “There was no way for me to even get back...”
Cal flashed into his mind and Lance could only let out a scream. A cry that quickly turned into another sob as his knees hit the ground, bowing his body forward. His hands stayed by his face, shaking along with the rest of him.
There was no way... There was no way... Never a way...
He growled for a moment, anger humming past clenched teeth, but quickly dying. Breaking away for that sadness again.
He could feel, sense Zidane’s pain like it was a quiet extension of his own. Lance sunk away from it, trying to breathe still, trying to fight down the constant tremors in his body and lungs.
These cells... These cells were in his body. Or was that all a lie, too?
He wanted to ask. He wanted to speak, but sobs came out instead of words. He grabbed a handful of the grass, pressing his mouth against his arm. Trying to breathe right. Stabilizing his lungs and his heart enough for him to voluntarily move again.
Lance’s arms shook as he pushed himself up, feeling Zidane’s eyes go to him. That agonizingly sad stare burning the more, it focused on his face.
Lance stood up, feeling even more pain as he met Zidane’s black eyes.
“The cells,” he began, the words almost breaking from a sob. “Are they even real?”
Zidane nodded once, stare lowering again.
“Yeah.” His voice was barely there. And Lance was brought back to the memory of them sitting on opposite sides of a kitchen table, how broken Zidane looked—how broken he had sounded—when he told Lance about his incompetency.
Lance pushed himself away from feeling any hint of pity. He turned, looking towards the ground. And he screamed again, saying what, he didn’t know. Just trying to get out this sadness. This weight inside him...
Lance was tempted; he was so tempted to go back. Question his sanity again because that was something manageable. He could deal with that. But this... He couldn’t even begin to question it.
Words were on his tongue. To say what, he didn’t know. He just focused on the pressure they gave his mouth, forcing himself to stand up once again. Remain on his feet. But his legs were shaking, the will leaving them again. Beginning to break apart like a dam that could no longer fight the river crashing against it.
He breathed, lungs grabbing the air. “She started this,” he said.
He felt Zidane’s eyes raise, lifeless stare beginning to focus in on him. Lance thought, mind repeating the words he’d just said, words he didn’t understand himself.
Memories clicked. He looked up, staring straight past Zidane as the realization came.
“Zooka...”
Pressure slammed into his chest. His back hit the tree a few feet behind him, the arm crushing his chest holding his body up.
“Don’t you dare.” Zidane’s face was close, words spitting out from between clenched teeth. “Don’t you even try blaming this on her...”
Lance opened his eyes, feeling something weaker than a grin playing on his lips. He almost wanted to laugh.
“This?” he repeated. “We both know this is her fault—”
Pain cracked into the side of face. The pressure against his chest was released, allowing the force of the punch to slam him against the ground. He smiled again, feeling blood fall from the corner of his mouth, the teeth roll off of his tongue. This... This pain was nothing...
He laughed, the sound cruel and broken. It barely released the brutal agony inside him, and a sudden weight pushed his shoulder, rolling him onto his back. Grinning, Lance stared up at Zidane. There was no blue in his eyes, and this only made Lance think of the last memory he’d been shown. The one where Zidane had lied to her.
Lance grinned a little more, feeling more blood spill from the empty sockets in his mouth. He kept his focus directly in Zidane’s eyes, repeating a single thought as loud as he possibly could.
You’re such an idiot.
He hoped it was heard.
Zidane stepped back, footsteps leading him away. Lance turned onto his side, spitting blood in the crossbreed’s direction. For a moment, he thought he heard Ezyta’s laughter, but the pressure he’d felt before had subsided. Leaving him completely alone. 
Completely
Alone.
He thought of his mother. 
He wanted to tell her that he missed her and he was sorry. That he loved her.
Lance couldn’t remember the last time he had told her that. When he was younger, probably. Their fights had always been resolved with small agreeing quips; short words that had led to short periods of peace.
He’d never experience that cycle again.
He felt emotion lunge against his chest, taking his breath along with it. Lance fought back the sobs, but he couldn’t keep the tears from breaking. His eyes shut, feeling the wetness trail down his temples. Feeling his body begin to shake.
He couldn’t hold back the memories now. All the experiences he would never relive again. Spending time with all the people he cared for; people who cared for him as well.
For the first time in his life, he could accurately, truly, say that he was alone.












Chapter Forty-Three
The Truth from a Liar’s Mouth

Zidane hung upside-down, watching the sky’s colors bleed into a vibrant orange. He waited for a long moment, a light breeze coming to him from being suspended so high. He waited, his brain silent. Unable to think of anything.
He waited for a thought to come, gravity suspending him. Rushing blood to his head, clearing away all the crap in his thoughts. All the lies, all the mistakes made along the way. It only left one question to resound in his mind.
What the hell was he doing?
___________
Lance drifted in and out of consciousness. Dreams that were fuzzy, with images and faces, memories and people he’d probably never see again. Experiences that were somewhere halfway between a nightmare and a pleasant dream.
He woke up with a heavy heart.
They were so close, just a few days away from the castle. And here they were, divided.
At the sight of movement, Lance closed his eyes. Refusing to look at Zidane, sensing his presence as he stopped beside a tree.
After the passing of a few moments, Lance’s dark eyes opened. He stared at the crossbreed, wondering if he could teleport back. If Lance could just do this on his own. 
Zidane looked away, standing still. An answer to Lance’s question all on its own. They were stuck here, together. 
The only way out of this place was forward, towards the castle.
“I can explain everything.” Zidane’s voice. Broken, quiet, defeated. He sat down against the tree, tail coiling around him. Sinking Lance’s insides back. “If you want me to.”
Lance only met his eyes, sure his own were darkening as well. Zidane looked away.
“I can’t begin to say how sorry I am,” the crossbreed said, eyes closing to the ground beneath them. “But you need to believe—”
Lance tsked; Zidane continued on.
“—that I’ve been trying to save your life for the past few months. That part was always the truth.” He looked up, glassy eyes reflecting parts of the sky. “Which doesn’t mean much anymore, especially coming from someone like me.”
Lance watched a sad smile tick onto Zidane’s face.
“As ironic as it is, I feel like explaining the truth is the only thing I can do right now.”
He let out a deep breath.
“It started when I lied to Zooka.”
Lance listened, part of his mind wanting to detach, pull away from it all. Was this another lie, too? Was the truth impossible for someone so corrupted?
“I wasn’t sure what to do. I couldn’t bring myself to erase her memory, but…” A smile flashed onto his face. “There’s worse things I do. Influences I project, when she gets too close…” His voice broke, at the end, and Lance could only look away. At the ground beneath them.
“After… I lied, months passed and it was hard for me to look at her.” He bowed forward, hands finding his face. “I couldn’t even look in the mirror anymore. I still can’t.”
His hands dropped, fingertips grazing against the grass below, as Zidane let out a sigh.
“So, I went to Yittek. It hadn’t been too long since I had seen him—I normally come by to drop off something human he’d be interested in—but it surprised me when I didn’t even have to explain anything. I mean, he had already been helping me look for a way a little while after Zoo and I got together, but when I came to him then… He just knew. Might have been because he’s known me my whole life and just knew it was coming, but still… It was just nice to be understood without having to say anything.
“I let him into my mind, let him see the details of everything. How I’d been searching on my own, talking to Spiros in the thieving organization. Looking for some kind of way out.”
Some way to make your lie a reality. Memories flashed, Yittek promising a way back to his old life… He never stopped trying to…
“When I didn’t find anything, Yittek started searching with me. We spent a lot of time in the Equilix, and it was there I found out about Solfluxes.”
“About me,” Lance added.
Zidane nodded. “About you. Solfluxes are… A little difficult to explain. Have you heard of the multiverse theory?”
Lance raised a brow. “The thing where every choice opens up a new dimension whether it’s made or not?”
Zidane nodded. “Yeah. A Solflux is the drastically changed, living version of that choice. So, for example, you’re what happens when my soul chooses to reincarnate into a human.”
“Wait,” Lance said, “so I’m the human version of you?”
Another nod. 
“Different souls react to different things,” Zidane continued on, “so getting any human wouldn’t work. I needed my counterpart. Yittek tried to talk me out of it, but the more time went on… The more I thought about it… Everything seemed to make sense. At least, for a little bit, at first. It was just one life, out of an infinite number of universes with an equal number lives just like that one. Where things were probably good, probably better than how they are now.” With his hand on his face and his eyes closed, Zidane grinned, the action sad and pitiful. “That’s what made me agree to it. That type of thinking. I made a pact with Ezyta to bring you back to our dimension once the injection was complete, and it only took me about a week to really snap out of it and try and get you safe.” He drew himself upwards, sitting upright as his hand fell away. “That’s when I tried to contact you. And, well, here we are.”
“I just heard your voice, when you contacted me,” Lance remembered.
Zidane nodded. “Ezyta had showed me the portal, and when I was alone, I couldn’t get through it. It was rejecting my Spiro side; I could only speak into it and connect with your mind.”
Lance thought for a moment.
“So you guys wanted to dissect me and see how the cells worked. So you could counteract them.”
Zidane nodded, still avoiding his gaze. 
“When the injection was complete, she called me back. The portal looked like a jagged crack in midair,” he explained. “Shifted everything above and below. She forced me into the portal, after making me a clone. Said she’d ‘destroy my existence’ if I ever betrayed her again.”
Lance’s brows rose, mind remembering the slitting of his neck. 
“That’s why she…”
“Tried to kill you, yeah.” Zidane slowly shook his head, dark eyes opening up to the earth. “We’re lucky we have so many of those healing packs.”
“So, after you went to my dimension,” Lance began, the word tasting bitter in his mouth, “what happened?”
“Picked you up off the street, explained as much as I could without freaking you out, and tried to find a way back to my dimension. Ezyta gave me a book before I left; Dimension Traveling & Solfluxes.”
	A way to get back to his dimension…
“So…” Lance found himself at a loss for words. “This is… a reality…”
Zidane finished for him, when he could no longer speak. Head low, mouth moving just enough to utter the words in the silence between them.
“Where you technically don’t exist.”
Where my mom doesn’t have a son. Tears welled to the bottom of his vision, but he closed his eyes, holding them in. Holding them back. Where Cal doesn’t have a best friend. Trent and Danny don’t have a bandmate. 
“There’s an unlimited amount of dimensions?” he asked, voice fractured as he opened his eyes again. Seeing dark irises look into his.
“Yeah.”
“Then, that means there’s a dimension where we’ve already got this!” He raised his arms towards the castle, at lack of words. “This thing he’s hiding! Hell there’s one where I’ve got my body back!”
Lance looked to Zidane again, a thought coming to him, the words he wasn’t saying.
And where he has a family. Everything he’s ever wanted...
Zidane avoided his stare, eyes growing dimmer. He shook his head.
“The amount of time it took for Ezyta’s servants to find even one dimension where I reincarnated into a human was more than a few months. To find something that specific... It could take the rest of our lives.”
He looked up, bleak stare going to the castle on the tree’s horizon. “If we even make it to old age, that is.”
Lance followed his stare, stomach knotting. They weren’t going to die there. They couldn’t...
I can’t let myself die, either. His fingers dug into the grass, clawing into a fist. Not like this.
“So...” He swallowed, and in the next moment realized the question he was about to ask. Zooka was on his mind, but why? Why now?
She’s...
From the corner of his eye, he saw Zidane nod. “You’re on the right track,” he said. “There’s so many words I could use to describe it, but she’s basically my soulmate. Literally, the soul that’s complimented mine since... As long as we’ve both been around, I guess. And I do the same for her.” He paused for a moment, and then softly his head shook, eyes becoming lost in some memory. “Before I agreed to what Ezyta wanted to do, I started researching all of it. Tried to minimize the causalities.” A sad, sarcastic grin hooked his mouth up. “A shitload of good that did... But I came across a book on Leities, which is a word that means soul bonds. It’s basically what we are to each other, me and her. Souls with a pact that never breaks. Leities show up for each other in every dimension, every form of every outcome. In some way, some form.”
Lance understood what he was saying. Somewhere, in his own universe, she was there...
He knew instantly that he’d never seen her before. Not even in passing; he would’ve known that magnetic draw, that feeling like his very core was being awakened in some incredible bolt of electricity and pure warmth. He would’ve known, just like he knew how to ask about her name in the beginning. 
He turned his mind to something else.
“Is there a way I could be teleported,” he asked, “to a dimension where we’ve already solved everything?”
Zidane slowly shook his head, dark eyes closed. “No. Dimension traveling is relatively new technology,” he replied. “Even just hunting down one dimension where I reincarnated as a human took months of hundreds of Razaleks searching constantly.”
He remained quiet, before finally looking back again.
“So, after I had found you and made sure you were alright”—His eyes searched Lance, as if they could see some of the cells inside—”Or as alright as you could be, I had to get back.”
“To your dimension.”
“To my dimension,” Zidane agreed with a nod. “Because in yours, I didn’t exist so Yittek wouldn’t know me.”
“That’s why we teleported twice? One to get to the right dimension, and the other to get to the right territory?”
Zidane nodded again. “Yeah, exactly.”
“And Yittek knew you were doing this?”
A shake of the head. “No. I hadn’t spoken to him for about six months or so. I didn’t want to bother him with anything; thought I could do it on my own.”
Lance thought for a moment, sucking his cheek in between his teeth. He raised his eyes to Zidane.
“Think he would’ve stopped anything?”
This time, it was Zidane’s turn to be silent. Then the crossbreed shrugged one shoulder, looking up at the trees past Lance.
“I think he would’ve tried, but Ezyta’s impossible to influence. She knew I took some info from her, like who was going to take you; she just let me believe I snuck it out of her mind.”
“Because she’s a bitch.”
Zidane smiled. “No, because she has an unlimited supply of energy, kind of like Yittek does. And she has mental guards upon mental guards. She just deactivated them to toy with me.”
“Proving my point.”
“So yeah,” he said, straightening. “That’s about it.”
They sat in silence, each one with their own thoughts, before Lance suddenly smiled.
“That’s why you opened up to me so damn quickly,” Lance said, eyes towards the sky. “Why you poured out your past. You needed me to trust you.”
Zidane faintly cleared his throat, looking away. Towards his hands.
“Yeah…” he said quietly.
They were quiet for another moment. Zidane looked up to Lance, his voice soft.
“How’s your face?”
Lance looked up, dropping his thoughts away. He stared at Zidane for a moment before realizing the question.
“It’s fine. Healing packs helped regrow the teeth I lost, so it’s alright.”
“Let’s hope the healing packs did that and not the cells...”
Lance nodded the best he could, trying to fight away the fear. “Yeah...” He looked away, and then in a burst of confidence, met Zidane’s gaze.
“I’m... Sorry... For what I said,” Lance told him.
Zidane’s eyes were nearly black. He blinked, the color shifting in the slightest amounts. Becoming a little bit brighter.
“Apology accepted,” Zidane replied, his voice nothing but kind.
He got to his feet, signifying their conversation was over. Lance watched him for a moment, noticing how his stare was on the ground, how even the light from the sky couldn’t really brighten his eyes very much.
Lance knew the thoughts bouncing around in the crossbreed’s head; they were the same ones he was grappling with now as well. It wasn’t her fault; Zooka may have given him the seed, but Zidane was the one who’d planted it. Tended to it, made it into what it was now.
Lance allowed the anger to extinguish, dying down as if it was carried away by a wind. He let out a breath, getting to his feet as well. His hands found their pockets as he looked to the castle again.
“I can’t wait to get out of here.”
He sensed Zidane follow his stare, heard the shift as he set the staff onto his back again, the narrow bag’s strap across his chest.
“Yeah...” Zidane paused, and then he spoke again. “We’ll be there by nightfall. It has to be dark before we do this, so we can take our time getting there. It’s probably best that we go slow the closer we are to his territory, the more likely we are to be noticed.”
“Got it.”
They walked in silence, Lance trying to focus on anything but his own thoughts. Everything he had just learned… Finally, it all made sense. It just put a weight in his gut.
The truth was just really hard to handle, sometimes.
He blocked out the thoughts of his family. He couldn’t… He couldn’t think of something so painful.
He could only move forward, one foot in front of the other. Each step bringing him closer to a way his life could be saved. 










Chapter Forty-Four
The End

When Zidane spoke, his voice was quiet. Barely a whisper against the dusk surrounding them.
“We’re here.”
Lance swallowed, feeling tension inside his gut. Finally, they’d made it…
Is this the last step I’m going to take? His foot landed against the grass, then again, and again. Does Yowlitch already know we’re here?
Zidane slowed to a stop, placing one hand on a tree. His eyes closed, head bowed slightly, and Lance could tell he was searching, like he did before they’d entered Yittek and Adelah’s town. Maybe it was like a radar’s pulse. A blip that searched for any footsteps, any change in the environment.
“Nothing but barriers,” Zidane said quietly, hand dropping away. “And he’s really loaded with them.”
“So, what do we do?” Lance asked.
“In a side pocket of the duffel bag,” Zidane began, looking towards it, “there should be a smaller bag. Open it.”
Lance did so, flipping open a small satchel and instantly feeling energy swirl around his hands, up his arms. Memories flashed—a nightmare, with orange-red energy curling around him.
But it’s different this time. The invisible mist moved around his shoulders, his neck. Coaxing his eyes closed. This is more white. Pure.
He stayed like that, feeling the mist hang with every slight movement he made. He put the satchel back into the pocket, the energy sticking to him. 
“What’s it do?” he asked softly.
“Makes you invisible,” Zidane said. “Ironically adapted from one of Yowlitch’s serums.”
Lance nodded, still feeling a sense of calmness. 
“If you blink twice, you can zoom your vision in, too.”
Lance did so, the balcony that ran along the castle’s middle-floor instantly filling up his sight. “Whoa.” He searched for a moment, seeing nothing of interest, before asking, “How do I zoom out?”
“Blink three times.”
The castle became distant again, and Lance shook his head, trying to rid the dizziness. “So cool,” he grinned. He looked to Zidane. “So, I guess I’m your watch?”
The crossbreed nodded, taking a few steps towards Yowlitch’s castle, Kiresune, his voice coming to Lance’s mind.
“Let me know if you see anyone.”
“Yeah,” Lance replied quietly, eyes scanning the balcony again. Damn big place... He hoped he could spot someone in time...
Lance blinked, pulling back his sight in time to hear Zidane’s voice, barely making out his figure in the darkness around them.
“Stay here, alright?”
Lance nodded, watching the crossbreed let out a long exhale. He turned black, shadowlike, and then sank into the shade of the night. Lance barely caught the flicker of movement as Zidane sped across the Inner-Earth, heading for the castle a few miles away.

__________
Every thought that came to Zidane was one of guilt. The pact he had made with Zooka, that unspoken promise to never thieve again… Here he was, breaking it after so long.
He focused on shading instead.
It was like slingshotting himself. Pull enough, and release to the next shadow. Leaping over and over, going faster as the seconds ticked by. He was careful to conserve his energy, pinning the bag attached to his arm against himself and injecting just enough to keep him going. He had to be sparing with this...
When the castle’s barrier was less than a half-mile away, Zidane held his breath.
Please let this work...
He felt the pressure as he darted underneath the rim of the dome, and then nothing. His eyes opened, seeing the shadowy world speed by.
He’d made it.
Zidane continued forward, slipping up the castle by pulling on a shadow created by a torch.
He phased out of the shadow, reaching to the balcony rail and hopping over, using both hands to keep his feet off the ground. 
Slowly, he lowered one foot. Toes touching the floor, mind expecting an alarm to go off—something.
Nothing happened.
Zidane put his other foot down, searching as he sank lower. After a few moments, he continued forward on the balls of his feet, withdrawing both knives from their sheathes. He passed a wide entranceway, entering a brightly lit room with a statue on a small round table.
So, according to Yittek’s blueprint...
This was too easy to get, Zidane remembered. Something’s wrong.
Despite his stomach shriveling with each step, he continued on, rounding the small table and entering an elegant hallway. Still brightly lit, with many doorways.
Twenty paces, and it should...
He stopped at a doorway, straightening as he became centered with it. He stared, seeing the vial. Sitting atop an elegant statue, a stone-hand presenting it.
It was there.
Zidane smiled.
He walked forward, crossing the entranceway and expecting an alarm to go off. Still, nothing. His stomach felt like dying.
This isn’t right. This is too easy.
Five steps away. He held his breath, reaching forward. His right arm ready to squeeze against his side, inject energy into his bloodstream if needed.
He wrapped his fingertips around the vial, and plucked it from the stone hand.
Silence.
At the first sign of a shift in energy, Zidane sprinted towards the exit. He turned, running down the hall, hearing the guards bolt after him. They appeared out of nowhere in front of him, swinging dual-headed axes. Zidane slid, going underneath. He squeezed his arm against his side, injecting energy and exhaling for a teleportation.
Nothing happened.
They’re blocking it!
He slipped as he ran forward again, jumping over the table and knocking the statue. The stone shattered as he landed, sprinting and preparing to volt over the balcony rail.
Axes swung down; Zidane slowed a few steps, waiting for the blades to hit the floor before skying over the crossed weapons.
He tried breathing again. Nothing. Goddammit.
He landed and rolled, dodging a flaming arrow.
Zidane sprinted towards the balcony rail, skying over and looking to his left. The eyes of a guard glared back at him, arrow raised in position.
Zidane held the vial in his mouth, flashing both blades of the knives before sending them to their targets.
They hit the necks, spraying blood out. Zidane continued to fall in the darkness, zooming past the wall.
They’re making this too easy.
His shoes scraped against the castle, trying to slow down. 
Shit shit shit—
He breathed out again, and this time he slowed down. Gliding against the wall, the guards above him following in teleportation. Waiting below.
Zidane withdrew the only gun he had left, a compact sniper.
If the descent worked...
He pulled the trigger, aiming for their chests. The bullets disappeared in ripples—a barrier.
Zidane pointed the gun at the space between his legs, breathing out to increase the bullet power by a hundred. He pulled the trigger, and catapulted himself away.
So, only certain spells are working?
He breathed out again, a few seconds before landing, his entire body tensing for the impact.
He landed softly, rolling and sprinting on. Skying over a pair of bushes. Clutching the vial to his chest with both hands, praying to whatever force was out there that they’d make it out of this alive. Arrows and shots of energy sped past, grazing his skin, his jacket.
He hoped Lance would be fast enough to catch up with him.

_________________

Lance scanned the balcony again, seeing nothing but faint light glowing from the windows, the wide, entrance-less doorway. He retracted his sight, shoulder resting against a tree, and looked around again. Nothing.
Running footsteps came into hearing. No, not just running—sprinting. 
Zidane?
Lance only saw a blur jump over bushes before hearing the lingering voice.
“Let’s go.”
Lance immediately followed, feet hitting the ground and legs pumping as fast as they could. Placing him a few yards behind the crossbreed. His tail was spiked a little, the longer strands at the tip standing up.
He’s scared?
“Tell me you got it,” Lance said.
A wall of fire suddenly appeared in front of them, dying down to reveal a line of guards. Energy shot from them as Zidane skidded to a stop, hitting his arms, his legs.
A flash of light in the air, arcing towards Lance.
The vial.
Lance jumped up, catching and tucking the serum against his chest. Hands holding tight, a grin coming to his face as he landed.
They had it.
A thin, black bag was discarded on the ground, and Lance watched Zidane twirl the staff. Holding the weapon with both hands, he pressed a series of buttons, eliciting a series of beautiful notes. 
A long, jagged scythe folded out of the flute. 
His senses coming back to him, Lance ran around the guards. He ducked the lines of energy, seeing one guard try and block his path before being slid back and turned around towards Zidane. Being forced into the fray.
More guards appeared, shooting energy, arrows that were evaded. But the shots were a little slow, almost like they were trying to miss…
Thoughts escaped Lance as a blade swung and he slid against the ground, dodging it. He picked himself up again, running towards a clear path.
The ground began to shake, stumbling him.
A large, jagged crack moved across the Inner-Earth, and the ground began to open up. 
Lance’s steps stuttered, feet skidding back as the ground beneath him began to give way. Shitshitshitshit—
He fell, dropping with a slab of the earth, turning to try and hang onto the ledge. It was close; his fingertips brushed the edge, and all at once he was flung high into the air, the black serum forced out of his hand. His body twisted, arching up towards the sky while his hand reached downwards, fingertips straining for the vial.
His fingernails knocked against the base, turning the vial as his hand stretched to its limit. 
Time sped up; Lance was falling to the water below, dropping quickly and watching the vial become even more out of his reach. But that didn’t make any sense; he was heavier—he should have passed it by now!
Gravity slammed against him, air whistling past his ears, through his entire being. 
This was going to be a long fall.
He shut his eyes, preparing for impact.
And then a hand gripped the back of his jacket. His eyes opened just in time to see Zidane twisting around as he passed Lance, releasing a strong breath and throwing his arm, hand letting go.
Lance was flying up now, the ledge getting closer and closer. Gravity began to trickle in, slowing him and beginning to send him downwards again. Lance reached out, grabbing the ledge, body jerking downwards at the impact. 
His other arm leaned against the solid earth, feet scraping against the earth and slowly moving him up. 
His fist was closed, something familiar in his grasp. He opened it slightly, seeing the shine of the vial, the pink contents inside.
It’s here?
A force tried to pull it away. Lance held on tight, his hand being forced to turn around. The vial shifting in his grip, laughter echoing out to him as the rounded base began to press against his palm.
Lance’s vision darkened, eyelids coming close together as the vial began to dig past skin and muscle, hitting his bone and chewing its way through.
His mouth opened in a non-existent scream, the feeling of fire inside his hand. In one strong pull, the vial slammed through, blood coating it.
Lance was pushed back, his scream echoing inside his own ears as he began to fall once again, heading to the sea of water below. 
_____________

Zidane’s body screamed against the gravity. He continued to fall, wind echoing through him, squinting his eyes. But he never turned his stare from the vial inches away.
His fingertips stretched out.
They moved, barely grazing the serum’s base.
If only he had some kind of energy left… But he’d used the last getting Lance to safety.
He hit the water hard.
It enveloped him, his impact in slow-motion. Allow him to watch the rubber-like web separate with every movement he made, the vial nowhere to be seen. The aftershocks of the water’s impact echoed through him, stinging every part of his body as he looked in every direction, searching for the glimmer of glass against light.
Did it break? He pulled in a breath, trying to get some taste of the water. Something tainted with the serum. 
The water level suddenly lowered, dropping quickly until Zidane’s feet hit the ground again. He was standing up, the water’s weight heavy, his eyes watching the serum float along the wall.
He jumped, instantly beginning to climb it with clawed hands and scraping feet. His foot slipped, the embossed grooves of the wall too unstable. 
He reached higher, barely touching the vial. His father’s voice whispered in his ear, darkening the very core of his existence.
“You’re nothing but a curse upon this world.”
He reached out further, shoving his feet against the wall, leaping a little higher. The vial was inches away.
“I can only hope...”
His fingers strained, muscles screaming as the tips of his hand grazed against the base of the vial.
“That you continue to exist... Simply to show...”
Zidane slammed his hands into the wall, screaming out from the pure anger, the pure desperation. The pain of his heart continuing to beat, the feeling of his fingers shattering as they lodged themselves into the wall. Allowing him to press up against the shattered pieces of bones and get a little bit higher, wrap the beginning digits of his broken fingers around the vial.
“How very far this race can fall.”
Zidane’s eyes widened. He... He had it. He was holding it, if only just by a few inches of force.
Laughter came from the cliffs above. Cackling laughter. The vial began slipping, slowly being pulled out of his reach again.
No...
No!
He leaped forward, trying to take his hand out and grab the vial with that one as well. But it was too far away now, the thin glass container floating away. Catching the light from the sky above, flashing a wave goodbye. The hole his hand had made closed over, and Zidane didn’t move as he began falling. He didn’t try to save himself, realizing there was no reason for him to.
Below, the roar of water began to cover the earth. Zidane waited for the impact his body would make, some part of his mind hoping he wouldn’t wake up.

___________________

Lance landed against earth, watching Zidane scramble up the wall. The vial barely in his grasp, then all too soon, floating away. 
He heard the first second of the water’s deafening entrance before feeling himself completely submerged. His vision was tilted, body swirling around in something of a circle. His eyes shut, mind trying to regather itself and rid the deep pain in his head.
That force should’ve killed him. Was he dead already?
He felt some type of energy around him, lingering on the outer layers of his skin. Yittek.
Thanks for the save.
No response came, and Lance felt the energy quickly skittering away from him. Slipping away, like the connection was being lost.
Lance kicked his feet and pushed his arms out, heading up to the surface. He broke through with a gasp, lungs grateful for the air. He looked around, but the thing he was searching for had yet to be seen.
“Zidane! Zidane!”
A wave came, water sloshing into his mouth. Lance spit it out, pushing his hair back and spotting familiar ashen grey. Zidane hunched against a large rock, his jacket caught on a small spike.
Lance swam towards him, gliding to his side and putting Zidane’s arm around his shoulders. He still heard the laughter—deep, carefree amusement from the ledges around them.
They’re just toying with us.
A voice came into his mind. Foreign words spoken by a male tongue.
Lance was suddenly submerged, water invading his mouth, his throat, his lungs. He closed his mouth, trying to breathe and choking against the river’s water. 
He tried to swim up towards the surface, his movements blocked by some kind of barrier. His palm hit the surface, eliciting a solid noise. He hit it again, seeing the ripples pulse out. 
Yittek! 
Another hit, another shout.
His lungs gave out, releasing air from his mouth. His vision dimmed, darkening, as his mind screamed for Yittek once more.
He barely felt the heat of the fire.
He landed on his knees, bringing Zidane with him. Lance coughed up water, throwing it onto the grass, most of his mind listening for Zidane’s coughs as well.
He heard them.
He relaxed as much as he could, retching more water with a painful burn.
They were alive, but the serum...
He punched ground, hard. Enough for his bones to scream in protest as he muffled coughs inside his mouth.
Goddammit.
Zidane’s coughing stopped, and Lance looked to see the crossbreed on his side. Still breathing. Good.
His tail shook out, whipping into a mess of spikes. It moved against the grass, sweeping towards Lance. Prickling further—fear this time.
We didn’t get it, Lance thought, but the fact wasn’t registering. Part of his mind, his body, was tense as if they were still scrambling after it.
We... Had it. A flash of excitement, of accomplishment, quickly stomped down by fact.
We had it.
Supporting himself with one hand, he punched the ground again, feeling a bone split in a microfracture.
He screamed, bowing himself low and fading the words into a growl.
Being on all fours, a memory came back. A nightmare—being like this, rendered useless as his spine became a bloody tail.
It all comes back around, a voice whispered to him.
He punched the grass again, lower this time. God fucking dammit.
The facts still weren’t registering; he felt that flash of success again, the disappointment hitting harder once more. It was around the time that Zidane picked himself up.
Lance looked up, watching the crossbreed move forward.
Did he have some kind of plan?
“What do you mean you can’t teleport us back?”
Lance stared. Had he finally lost it?
Yittek. He must be talking to Yittek.
“Fucking teleport us back!” Zidane yelled.
A silence, and then Zidane crouched down, holding his head. Fighting back a sudden burst of anger.
He screamed, the sound ripping upwards towards the sky. Lance stared blankly, feeling his mind leave him. His thoughts replaced with a numbness.
This wasn’t happening.
Were they just toying with us? His mind went to the laughter he’d heard upon climbing back up the ledge, the laughter just before he’d almost drowned.
He didn’t know. But the fact that there’d been two vials… Maybe…
Lance felt like screaming. He bowed towards the earth, gripping his hair. God dammit. Tears stung his eyes, his body shaking in a sob. 
He pushed off the ground, feeling the hole in his hand scream as he forced himself upright. A burst of fire appeared, a healing patch landing on the ground.
Lance stared at it for a long time. What was the point?
Zidane fell to his knees in front of him, picking the patch up with a trembling hand. The hand he’d used to force himself higher, slamming it into the concrete-like earth. 
“Hold out your hand.”
With his mind only partially there, Lance extended his hand, seeing blood and muscle and bone.  
Another healing pack appeared, landing in Lance’s waiting hold.
“The other is for him.” Yittek’s voice.
“Thanks,” Lance said into the open air.
He secured the pack’s strap around his hand, feeling sparks of pain contrast the cool healing. Soon, the pain died down, and gradually he felt the muscle and bone begin to regenerate. Lance suddenly laughed, bowing until his forehead came in contact with Zidane’s shoulder.
“What?” The crossbreed’s voice was broken; almost as numb as Lance felt.
“The hole...” Lance belted out another laugh, some part of his brain thinking someone might come and find them. He didn’t care. “It’s in the same fuckin’ place my scar was in before.” More laughter.
He leaned back, laughter bubbling down into a wide grin. When he had first gotten that scar, when the broken fence link had sliced his hand, he had actually been worried about how his hand would look. And now there was a hole through that same spot. He didn’t know why it was so funny; only that it was.
He noticed the healing pack on the ground, one that had a strap in the back like his. It was large, and seemed to be attached to another pack, as if they could be broken apart. Lance looked over to Zidane, seeing him stare off into a spot on the ground between them. He didn’t move to take the pack, and with a deep sorrow Lance understood why. Yowlitch had been playing them from the beginning; in the purest form of the word, this entire attempt had been a complete and utter failure. He’d been the show master and them, his puppets.
Lance secured the pack around his hand, freeing his other hand to reach and take the packet. He tucked it against his side and his inner arm, allowing himself to tear the packs away from each other. He took one in his hand and placed it on  Zidane’s knee. He set the other pack between them, close to one of Zidane’s broken hands. Zidane looked to him, eyes empty. Like space.
Lance only felt his pain, adding to his own. If only they’d tried harder…
As the last few layers of his skin began to regrow, Lance knew the statement was empty. The words had lost every meaning, replaced with nothing but agonizing reality. They’d lost, plain and simple. It just wasn’t an easy thing to face.











Chapter Forty-Five
The Light

Time had no meaning. It passed by them like a blur, days fading to nights, with nothing changing. Lance stayed down, almost feeling like he was part of the ground. Flat. Useless. Nothing but someone else’s path.
Why?
Why had Yowlitch done it?
Why hadn’t they seen it coming?
He knew the answers to both, one clearer than the other. Yowlitch had done it purely because he could; he’d done it because they were nothing, but pawns. Amusement. They were so weak, so incredibly desperate. It was the same as teasing someone dying in the desert with a drop of water, hovering inches above their outstretched tongue.
They’d been desperate, which was also his answer to the second question. Again, they’d been blind, but the more Lance traced back, the more everything made sense. He had been a pawn, from the very beginning.
It hurt. Lance had long past felt angry. If Yowlitch were right in front of him, it’d be a different story. He felt the muscles of his fingers twitch, wanting to curl into a fist. He would need much more than one punch to express himself...
But the only thing in front of Lance was blue sky. He stared at the colors, shades subtly fading into one another, and a phrase came to him.
The sky’s the limit.
The limit of what? What’s possible? No, if he was applying this to what’d happened, then the sky was everything they’d wanted to obtain. It symbolized everything they’d wanted to reach, everything they’d hoped of having. And they’d touched it, fingertips barely grazing that expanse of blue.
His muscles were sore, stiff from not having moved in what felt like days. He barely acknowledged the pain, raising his arm to the sky, letting his fingertips strain at the memory of the vial just grazing against the tip of his finger. 
He’d almost had it.
They’d been so close. 
But the sky rested behind his hand, taunting him with its distance.
Impossible.
Lance dropped his arm back against the grass, the impact causing the limb to bounce once. He was numb to the feeling. He only stared up at that blue sky wondering how much longer they would last. Wondering if this emptiness that now made up his existence would ever go away. 
He stared up at the sky, knowing that no matter what—no matter how hard they tried—they’d never touch that expanse of blue.

__________________
Zidane sat underneath the shady oak tree, hearing birds chirp around him and Zooka. She remained nestled against him, enjoying the garden’s light breeze. A place he’d built with Yittek years back, a sanctuary for Zooka and him.
Zidane closed his eyes. Would he ever go back, face reality with Lance? Or would he stay like this, condemned to the most perfect of hells?
He cleared his throat, quietly, skillfully preparing to speak.
Overhead, the shadows swayed against the light.
His eyes closed, seeing the darkness gently move against the sunlight above.
“Zoo...”
He felt her move, turning to look up at him.
“Yeah?”
“There’s...” The grip on her hand tightened; a gentle security for both of them.
She’ll be with me no matter what. I know she will.
He swallowed again, feeling his throat tighten.
That’s the problem...
“There’s something I need to tell you.”
“Oh, really?” Zooka tilted her head back, looking up towards the tree above. “There’s something I need to tell you, too.”
“What is it?”
She grinned, tapping her feet together. “I love you.”
Dammit.
He just held her a little tighter, quietly returning the phrase against her hair. Squeezing her hand a bit firmer.
I can’t do this. I can’t tell her.
“What is it you wanted to tell me?”
I hate myself. Let’s start with that.
The sound of tiny wings beating came into hearing. A sad sorrow-happiness entered Zidane’s heart, feeling Zooka’s light spike in excitement.
A large dragonfly zipped up to her. She laughed a little, grinning as a hand gingerly extended, the dragonfly lowering onto her fingers.
Zidane felt her elation, a rise within his own glowing happiness. He leaned forward, kissing the back of her hair, lowering to worship the curve of her neck and shoulder. She laughed again, fuller this time, the grin spreading across Zidane’s face probably adding to the amusement.
He couldn’t ruin this mood...
He couldn’t ruin her life...
I need to leave...
A pressure settled against the right-corner of his head. A telepathatic communication, but the energy was dark. Like a crimson-red.
Arzo?
Tentatively, he answered it. Yeah?
“Teleport me to where you are. We have work to discuss.”
Work? Zidane repeated, the thought too low for the Spiro to hear. What work? I finished my rounds last week...
A fear was building, creeping up from somewhere deep within his mind. 
Zidane, Arzo said, voice uncharacteristically gentle. I won’t hurt you.
“Are you okay?”
He looked down, meeting Zooka’s eyes. Quickly, he nodded, running a hand through his hair. “Yeah,” he said. “I’m alright. Just a little tired.”
Understatement of the year… 
Zooka smiled, nestling against him and holding her hands in her lap. 
“Get some rest then, okay?”
I can’t.
“Okay.” He leaned over, pecking the top of her head and watching her grin. An expression similar to hers made its way onto his face, just seeing that...
“Will you send me over or is this another lesson, Zidane?”
Alarm buzzing into him, Zidane quickly replied. No, I’ll send you over now. Don’t worry about it. 
Without thinking, he let out a breath. Just step through the nearest wall. It’ll send you to where I am.
In the next moment, Arzo walked out of a tree, a few other Spiros accompanying him. It was strange, seeing him again after showing so many memories to Lance. Arzo had grown older, a tiredness gently touching his eyes. A bump was on the bridge of his nose. 
Zidane slowly flexed his foot, remembering the way it had felt slamming against Arzo’s face. He remembered how his leg had twisted in retaliation, knee separating from shin and thigh. The initial statement still rang out in Zidane’s head. 
How long before your blood is tainted completely? 
Arzo looked back, blood-red eyes meeting Zidane’s dark ones. The Spiro’s gaze narrowed, sweeping to the right, natural scowl deepening upon seeing Zooka.
Zidane took her hand in his, running his thumb over the back of her hand. She was safe; she couldn’t ever forget that.
He noticed a twitch of Arzo’s hand, and every muscle tensed. But no knife shot out; instead, the three Spiros behind him separated, parting away and beginning to scope the forest. Zidane watched them closely before his attention was brought back to Arzo.
The Spiro stepped forward, dark stare on Zooka. Zidane stepped partially in front of her, glaring slightly.
“What is it?” he asked.
“There’s preparations we need to make.” Arzo’s smooth voice rang out between them.
“Preparations for what?”
A grin spread across Arzo’s lips.
“A well-deserved end.”
Zidane only heard Zooka’s gasp before turning around. His sight blurred, the side of his face hitting the earth, his body pressed flat against the grass.
He didn’t even hear them sneak up—he didn’t even feel their energy.
His eyes snapped wide, hearing the sound of a sword unsheathe. 
Shit. 
Zidane struggled harder, trying to breathe right against the grass. But he couldn’t get enough oxygen in his lungs…
When he got enough, he had two options…
“Every time I see a human…”
Teleport.
“I’m reminded of the plague infesting this world.”
Or fling the sword from Arzo’s hand.
Option two could misfire, resulting in hurting Zooka. Possibly decapitating her, if the angle and pressure was off. This was likely, given the fact Zidane couldn’t see either of them right now.
He heard Arzo take another step, and then Zooka’s feet scampering back like a deer. Dammit. 
“Would you like to be added to the body count?”
He sensed Zooka shake her head; he could even see the way her earrings flashed in the sunlight as they knocked against her neck. He needed to get to her…
“Please…” That voice… That angelic voice… He couldn’t let it turn into a scream.
“That tongue,” Arzo spat, vehemently growling the words. Zidane sensed his grip on the sword increase. “I’ll rip it out!”
Zidane moved, forcing his face to the ground and biting into the earth. Just enough energy sparked into his body, and instantly the flames roared around his feet, his legs… The teleportation couldn’t come fast enough. 
The warmth swallowed him, and instantly it died down. 
The burn from the slash came all at once. Igniting across his torso, tearing fabric and the skin beneath it. And then, a more concentrated pain.
The blade pierced through his jacket, then his shirt before sliding into his chest. The skin and the muscles; the skin and the fabric on the other side. Completely embedded through him. 
He heard Zooka stagger away. “Z-Zidane…”
Only darkness came to his eyes; he shut them a bit tighter, teeth gritted against the pain. He needed to keep her safe… 
Resting his gloved hand on the blade, he gripped the sword, eyes opening to Arzo’s. Zidane’s lip was bleeding, having been bitten in the process of teleporting. 
The sword inside him twisted. “So this is how you repay me,” he said. “I try and do this world a favor, and I end up spilling tainted blood.”
Zidane’s mouth opened in a silent scream, a groan emitting from the back of his throat. The blade moved in deeper, and he heard Zooka scream for him. 
“Stop it!” She was speaking to Arzo now. “Stop doing this!”
Arzo stepped forward, moving the sword along with him. 
Zidane breathed in, holding the oxygen before releasing it again. He deserved this. All he was lacking was a little physical pain… 
“You could teleport away from this,” Arzo mused, head tilting to one side, “but you’re not. So why, Zidane? Have you finally learned your place?”
No, Zidane replied silently. All those months of you slamming my face against the floor and beating me senseless made me feel limitless… 
The lesson was learned; this was where he belonged. Suffering in silence under the hand of someone superior to him. It only made sense, this tradeoff. The weakest was always eaten by the strong.
And I’m the weakest thing imaginable.
The sight of the serum knocking against his fingertips came again. The drop of his very soul, the plummet of disappointment…
It only made sense…
With a deep hum, Arzo pulled the blade out. Zidane dropped to his knees, holding the wound in his chest with one hand. Blood pooled into his palm, overflowing and spotting the earth below. 
Angelic hands came to his shoulder. “You can heal, right?” That voice just hurt to hear… “I tried contacting Yittek, but he’s not answering…”
Zidane pulled in a breath, letting it out with the intent of healing. 
The wound kept stinging; the blood kept pouring.
What was happening?
He looked up, raising onto his knees. “What’d you do?” he asked Arzo. “What sword is that?”
Arzo twirled the blade, flinging blood in their direction. “In time,” he said. “I hate giving away secrets…”
Zidane nearly wanted to talk back; say something that would hurt him. But that would just result in another—
The blade plunged into his chest again, this time piercing a lung. The organ popped, blood rushing inside instantly.
“Our minds are still connected, Zidane,” Arzo said, nearly singing the words. “So, do control your thoughts.”
Blood dumped out of Zidane’s mouth, landing in thick heaps on the ground below. He spit, wondering how in the hell this was happening.
It’s like… It’s like I’m fully Spiro…
Why couldn’t it have been the opposite? Tears breached his eyes, and Zidane blinked them away. Shut them tight, imagining for a moment he was back inside Adelah’s house, feeling her hand scrub the blood from his hair.
“I’ll always be here for you.”
Are you here now, Adelah? he asked. His body lunged forward against the blade, more blood pouring out. Where are you now?
Kazuo…
I’ll be joining you, soon…
“ZIDANE!” 
Zidane’s eyes cracked open, and the blade pulled out again. 
Yittek?
“I’ll leave your human to stitch you up,” Arzo said, stepping away. “We have work to discuss afterward.”
Zooka’s hands were on him, Yittek’s voice ringing out in both of their heads. 
“I’m not sure why, but I can’t teleport to you. I can’t bring you here, either.”
“He’s bleeding, Yittek,” Zooka thought, and Zidane heard a buckle come undone. “I—I think I can stitch it up.” He could tell by her thoughts that she was fumbling with the needle and thread, hands shaking violently. 
Zidane breathed in, feeling fire in his chest. Fuck. 
A small, tingling feeling came to the top of his mind. And then fire swarmed both him and Zooka.  

________________

Lance’s eyes snapped open, a jolt twitching his body inwards. He stared, the earth and the trees tilted sideways, and realized he had fallen asleep. There was no exhaustion in him; only a very deep numbness. Like someone had left ice on every muscle, every bone.
He looked ahead of himself again, finding it almost odd he was laying on his side. Curled inwards slightly, one hand by his face. Zidane was sitting by a tree, his body upright but limp; head tilted to one side. His eyes were still closed, those breaths that were almost alarmingly long the only movement he made.
He was away. Escaping from whatever this place was. He was somewhere better.
He’d left Lance here.
The human turned his eyes back, passing them along the blades of grass. A wince suddenly sounded, prompting Lance’s stare. He looked up, seeing Zidane’s face clenched. A tsk shot out between the crossbreed’s teeth, and his head bowed, entire body trembling.
Lance pushed himself upright. What in the fuck…?
“Zidane,” he called in between a shout and a whisper. “Zidane!”
No response. Lance saw something dark bleed onto Zidane’s jacket, the space to the left of his chest. Panic came into Lance, easing in the smallest of ways when he realized hearts were on the other side. But this was still a pretty damn big problem. 
Another spot formed on the opposite side and half-a-foot downward. Lance stood up, and fire suddenly consumed him.
He was standing in a room, barely having time to register a large bed before a force pushed him back, a door slamming as he passed through. 
He blinked, body wavering slightly as he stood in a hallway. With his brain swimming and trying to catch up with what had just happened, Lance turned around, spotting movement.
Zooka ran down the hall, instantly being stopped by an invisible wall. The wall rippled upon contact, more ripples forming as she slammed her fists against the barrier.
“Hey!” she yelled. “Hey!”
His heart quickening in his throat, Lance spun around. “I think there’s a way out here—” But as soon as he walked forward, a barrier greeted his foot. Dammit.
“Another one?” Zooka asked.
Lance thought hard, watching the ripples reach to all four sides of the barrier. There had to be a way out…
“Excuse me.”
He spun around, seeing her and feeling that bolt slam against him. This wasn’t the time…
“Do you speak English?”
Why is she… And then Lance realized: his eyes must have brightened, upon seeing her…
He quickly nodded. “Yeah. I’m a friend of Zidane’s.” Wanting to avoid every question possible, he looked up to the barrier behind himself again. “I’m sure there’s a way out of here.”
The statement of comfort slipped from him; like running water through your hand. It was… natural, wanting to ease that worry. 
I can feel how much she’s worrying. Dammit; this isn’t the time for the soulmate bullshit. 
He kicked the barrier, feeling an equal amount of pain crack up his leg. He bit down a scream, speaking through gritted teeth while holding his leg.
“What happened?” he asked.
“He was stabbed,” Zooka answered, and Lance could tell from her voice she was sliding down into a sitting position. “Twice, by Arzo.”
Fucking figures…
Lance shouldered the barrier, screaming out his next question. “Do you know where the bastard went?”
“Arzo?”
No, the fucking muffin man. “Yeah, Arzo.”
Lance stepped back, looking up at the barrier again. “I need to punch him in the face.”
Zooka paused for a moment. “I’m… Not sure where he went,” she said finally. 
Great. Lance sighed, running both hands through his hair. “Fuck…”
“Wait a minute…” Lance felt his soul drop. Did she figure it out? Who he really was?
Lance spun around, relieved to see that she was staring at the hallway instead of him. Then the location of where they were hit him.
“This is…” 
Zooka turned around, looking over her shoulder. “Ezyta’s castle.”

__________________

Zidane struggled to breathe. He could feel energy around him, sparking and snapping away like live wires being messed with. Soft words being spoken in Riilin above him, questions and confusion. 
Why wasn’t he being healed? They were Razalek, weren’t they?
The energy neared his chest wound, sparking violently. The bolt shook in between the Razalek’s hand and Zidane’s chest, nearly ricocheting endlessly. And then, with another softly spoken word, it faded. 
Zidane took in a breath, almost screaming from the pain. His entire body felt light. What was happening?
His eyes cracked open, seeing nothing but faces and red.
Splotches of red. 
Zidane’s eyes shot open and he felt his breath stop for a moment. Fuck. Not now… 
He opened his mouth, wanting to ask Yittek. Wanting the serum again. But he was quickly bleeding out and there was too much liquid in his mouth. He couldn’t get rid of it all…
Zidane tried to turn, tried to roll onto his side and call out for Yittek. A hand pressed against his shoulder, voice telling him not to move. He threw blood onto the pillow below him.
“Yittek…”
Another hand came against his skin. A familiar one.
“I’m right here, Zidane. We’re trying to heal you, but nothing’s working…”
My Razalek side was deactivated…
He tried to open his mouth, more blood choking from him. More red filled his sight.
Is this… My Zicora?
He could feel the energy, the power pulsing through him. Beginning to strengthen each organ, spread out to every cell. And then he was rolled onto his stomach.
He heard the footsteps. Running ones, two pairs.
Zidane turned, looking to the side, towards the doorway in time to see Lance and Zooka stop. Wide-eyed. 
Something about it made sense, them being together.
Maybe this is it, Zidane thought, feeling his sight dim. Briefly seeing Zooka step towards him, and Lance take a small step as well. Maybe all the pain was supposed to lead us to this moment.
He could feel his life force slipping, the energy that made up his mind becoming sky-high. He blinked, his sight barely any different from the darkness beneath his eyelids. 
Maybe, I’m just supposed to go.
He was surrounded by darkness, pain screaming through him. Pure agony, as though he were lying to Zooka all over again.
This is it. This is hell.
He tried to breathe, his half-exhale hanging in the air as everything went silent.
Zidane waited.
Red shot by, streaking the black, the high-pitched ring lingering in Zidane’s ears. Yellow, orange, blue, purple—it all shot by in streaks, covering the black and overtaking the sound in beautiful rings.
He was floating, moving high at an angle, reaching towards the center of the spectrum.
And then suddenly he was standing upright, surrounded by green grass, a bright blue sky. A cliffside was nearby, sounds of a waterfall crashing beyond it.
Kyrene looked over her shoulder, meeting Zidane’s eyes with her golden ones. They brightened immensely, becoming nearly pale.
Her smile only grew, and she reached a hand out to him.
“My Nachi.”
Zidane stepped forward, transfixed as he held his mother’s hand.
“Mom...”
Kyrene nodded, stepping back to stand side-by-side.
“Where are we?”
Kyrene looked to him, eyes whitening humorously.
“You tell me.”
Zidane looked around again.
“Nirvana,” he said. “Heaven, moksha...”
“But...” He looked over to Kyrene, who nodded.
“I was called,” she said. And her smile grew. “And I love what you’ve done.”
But Zooka’s not here. Zidane’s stomach died. So nothing else matters...
“Mama!”
Zidane’s hand was released, and he saw the five-year-old version of himself run into his mother’s arms. Markings, tail, ears fully exposed.
The younger Zidane grinned. “Mama!”
“Yes, my love,” Kyrene answered, nuzzling into his hair. “What is it?”
Young Zidane presented a small wooden horse-like creature. “Look at what I made!”
Kyrene gaped, eyes becoming close to white. “What craftsmanship!”
“Look at what I made!” With a flash of pain, Zidane stared at a nine-year-old Adelah holding up a cross between an octopus and a shark.
“It’s wonderful!” Kyrene set young Zidane down, picking up the whittled statue with both hands.
Adelah grinned, hands behind her back as she rocked her weight to one foot. “Thank you!”
Zidane almost smiled. An energy pulled his focus up, towards a large oak tree far away. Distantly, he saw a thirty-one year old Orah turn his stare away, out to the plain lands.
Kyrene cradled the statue against herself, turning back to Zidane with a smile.
“I had to keep myself entertained somehow,” she said.
“So these are just... Figments of your imagination?”
Kyrene nodded.
A pause came between them, filled when young Zidane stopped bouncing on the balls of his feet and tapped his sister’s shoulder.
“Tag! You’re it!”
They ran off, leaving Kyrene to speak out into the emptiness.
“You still feel a connection, don’t you?”
He could. He felt a deep weight in the center of his chest. 
“I can still go back,” he said, speaking for her.
Kyrene nodded slowly.
“There’s still a tie to your world and this one,” she said. And when she smiled, Zidane couldn’t bring himself to return it.
“I killed you.” The tears came, and this time he didn’t force them back. They flowed down his cheeks, dripping off his jaw... He felt his mouth quiver, shaking his next words.
“I... It was my fault,” he said. “I killed you.”
When she opened her arms to embrace him, he didn’t realize he’d grown shorter, smaller. Kyrene having to get on her knees to fully embrace his small form. He was five again, sobbing against his mother’s inner-shoulder.
“I killed you.” The words came in a moan, his next inhale shaking into his throat. “I killed you.”
“You did nothing of the sort,” Kyrene replied, nearly hissing the words. She stroked his hair, the back of his neck. “It was my choice to go, my light.”
Zidane sobbed harder.

____________

It was some time before he came to his senses again. Before the tears dried and left him still, silent.
He was sitting near the cliffside, watching the waterfall pour into the lake and feeling a deep calmness. Kyrene sat beside him, knees comfortably hugged towards her chest.
Zidane opened his mouth, the words dead as he said what they were both thinking.
“I know,” Kyrene replied. She sent him a soft smile, one that let him know she understood.
Zidane did his best to return it.

___________

Lance stood in the doorway for what felt like centuries.
Zidane
He
He wasn’t moving.
His eyes were pale, fingertip still tipped upwards as if he were trying to point to something.
“Zidane.” The word felt so useless in his mouth.
Zooka was still on her knees, still in front of the bed. She touched Zidane’s face, flat of her palm against his cheek.
“Z-Zidane? You there?”
No response. Lance was tired of the joke. Of all the times to pull a prank...
He took a wobbling step forward.
“Zidane?”
Yittek remained bowed, head low and hands holding one another. Lance caught a flash of light—a tear—and for a moment he was back in a hospital, watching his mother cry.
Four minutes. That’s how long his father had lasted.
Lance couldn’t go on for four more seconds. How... How could he, without Zidane here? How could he even try?
A shift in energy, like nightfall coming into the room. Lance turned, dragging his stare because something was commanding him to look. Something pulled everyone’s stare to the side of the room opposite of the bed.
Ezyta was there, her long pale-gold gown pooling against the floor beneath her. She only stared at Zidane, her sickeningly long eyelashes touching as her eyes narrowed.
“Dispose of him.”
The medics instantly nodded, hands raising and floating Zidane’s body upwards. Zooka gave a small sound, a protest that never fully formed, and Lance found his voice again.
He stepped forward, glaring death at Ezyta.
“You bitch,” he growled, voice trembling with rage. “After everything... Everything he did for you...”
One perfect brow rose.
“You must be my experiment.”
Lance’s insides suddenly folded with pain. He could feel a force moving around, searching.
“Hm. Still mostly human. Shame. I was hoping to get a better look...”
He felt the skin of his stomach tear open, leaking blood onto the floor. Wincing, he held his gut, angry stare never leaving Ezyta. He switched languages.
Razalek.
“How could you?” he said, watching her eyes flash in surprise. “How could you cast him aside like that? After everything he did...”
Ezyta’s lips pursed.
“So he taught you our native tongue,” she began. A hand flourished upwards, and Lance screamed for a fraction of a second, gritting his teeth as he felt his stomach begin to slide out of the slit she had made in his skin.
“Let’s see how much human you have left.”
Zooka stood up, legs shaking. “Stop it! Stop!”
She suddenly flew, and Lance’s mouth opened in a soundless scream as she was flung towards Yittek.
Yittek reached an arm out, still keeping his head bowed. Zooka hovered in mid-air; Lance felt his stomach be pushed back, skin sealing again and foreign force disappearing.
At the same time, Ezyta’s head snapped to the side. She had tilted her chin upright, made it look like she had meant to do the action, but Lance just watched her. He wished he had a knife, a gun, something...
Zidane’s limp body was slowly, shakily lowered down.
“You will not touch him,” Yittek said, his voice low. The words spat between clenched teeth.
Ezyta smiled.
“I don’t plan on it.”
She took a step forward, heel clicking. Another memory flashed; hearing his mother’s footsteps hurry against the hospital tile. Another person that may as well be dead...
Zidane’s gone, he thought, feeling tears sting his eyes. They flowed out freely, wetting the sides of his face, the floor below.
He felt an energy speed towards him, suddenly blocked and deflected by another force. Yittek’s.
“You will not touch him.” The Razalek’s voice came from every direction. Another memory; another shot to the heart.
A sharp sound. A sudden, deep inhale. Like someone was coming up for air after almost drowning.
Lance looked over, teary eyes widening.
Blue eyes stared at him, a soft smile forming on the face.
Zidane was breathing again.


Chapter Forty-Six
Survival

Zidane pulled in breaths as though he were breathing for the first time. Medics surrounded him, but the wound still wouldn’t heal. He felt Yittek’s touch; felt the needle pierce through his skin and slip in thread.
Leave it to Yittek to patch me up human-style. Zidane smiled, thankful to feel the pain.
When the thread had reached the end of the wound, a knot was tied, the stitches complete.
He was turned onto his back, the small wound from the sword’s piercing stitched up as well.
Zidane opened his eyes, seeing Zooka stare back at him. Her face lined with tears, her hand covering her mouth.
She spoke his name once, blinking more tears into existence.
He reached out, cupping the side of her face. Moving his thumb across her cheek, gathering the trail of tears that had formed.
“It’s okay,” he said quietly, voice hushed. “I’m here, Zoo; don’t cry.”
She sobbed, eyes shutting as her body bowed, head touching the edge of the bed.
“I’m so happy,” she got out. “I’m so glad you’re alive.”
He continued stroking her face, the back of her palm. Squeezing her hand. Letting her know he was here.
He wasn’t leaving.

__________

Moments after seeing Zidane’s eyes, Lance felt a lightheadedness. This feeling swarmed him, and in the next second, everything went black.

__________

Zidane watched Lance’s body drop forward before being suspended in mid-air. The tips of his shoes still touching the floor, body at an angle.
“I’ll take him to another room,” Yittek said. Zidane closed his eyes, cherishing the sound of his voice. “It seems we’re reluctantly welcomed guests here...”
In a flurry of fire, Lance and Yittek disappeared.
With a sniffle, Zooka stood and crawled onto the bed, moving over him and lounging against the headboard. Zidane moved, fighting back a wince as he nestled against her, Zooka’s arms wrapping around him. Holding tight.
She settled her forehead against his hair, sniffling gently before releasing a shaky sob.
“I was so scared...”
Zidane placed his hand on top of hers. It felt like fire, the skin-to-skin contact. Something he didn’t deserve.
“It’s okay...” was all he could say.
Zooka simply shook her head, holding him tighter. Moving her hand out from underneath his, placing it on top and squeezing tight.
Zidane swallowed. He stayed there, eyes shut, until Zooka’s sniffles disappeared into the silence.
I have to tell her, he thought. I need to. It’s the whole reason I came back.
But even then... He knew that was a lie. He’d been resurrected and already he was lying again.
How much more can you fall? Another voice. Ezyta’s, spoken from memory.
He nuzzled a little, shifting so his cheekbone rested against her collar. “Zoo.”
She hummed, looking down.
“Yeah?”
I can’t give you children. The words almost fell from him, almost made it out into the open air.
He didn’t speak.
Zooka grew alarmed.
“What’s wrong? You’re not hurt, are you?”
“No.” He shook his head, eyes shutting.
They stayed in silence; her waiting for him to speak. She wasn’t the only one.
Just say it!
“Zoo, I can’t—”
Footsteps came in their direction. He took the distraction, the sentence dying in his mouth.
I’m such a fucking coward...
Yittek stopped in the doorway, and smiled, one hand against the frame.
“It’s good to see you breathing,” he said.
Zidane tried to return his smile.
“Yeah,” was all he said.
Zooka’s hold on him increased.
Zidane felt like dying again.
Yittek’s stare passed over Zooka before meeting his again. He spoke low, tongue an ancient Razalek language.
“Lance is in another room, sleeping.”
“Okay,” Zidane responded, nodding. A pause came between them, and Zidane filled it with a thought, connecting with Yittek’s mind.
Why is Ezyta letting us stay here?
Yittek shrugged his shoulders, hands cupping together. A small, black ball whirled in his hand and he set it in front of the couple. Instantly, Zidane felt a calming presence.
“Thanks,” he said, speaking English.
Yittek nodded. “You’re welcome. Anything else I could get you?”
Zidane shook his head. “Thanks,” he said again, feeling a little useless.
“I’ll go check on...” Yittek’s words faded, a flurry of wind taking him to another room.
Zidane glanced up, seeing Zooka’s attention was on the small ball in front of them.
“What is that?” she asked, motioning with her head.
“It’s something called a Ruthlu,” Zidane replied, tiredness seeping into his voice as he followed her gaze. “Helps with healing and and general feel-goodness.”
Zooka laughed a little, resting her chin against his head. Zidane smiled, nuzzling into her further.
“Is it working?”
“Yeah,” he replied. “It’s working.”
He sensed her smile, her thumb stroking his arm.
“Good. I’m glad.”
He moved his own thumb, returning the gesture against the side of her hand. It still burned, the feeling of her against him.
“I am, too, Zoo.”

___________

Lance woke up with a headache. He sat up quickly, hand against his forehead.
“It’s best to move slow.” Yittek’s voice.
He looked to the side, away from the window shining bright light into the small room. Yittek stared back at him, smiling faintly.
“It’s good to see you up,” the Razalek said.
“Yeah after fainting for the fourth time,” Lance responded, dropping his hand. “Where’s Zidane?”
“In another room.”
“Is he okay?”
Yittek nodded. “Resting.”
Lance paused, trying to sort out his thoughts, his memories.
“What... Happened?” he asked, looking back to Yittek.
The Razalek sighed, shaking his head. “Your guess is as good as mine. I haven’t been able to bridge a connection with Zidane’s mind. It’s as though it’s been reset.”
“Because of the death.”
Yittek nodded.
Lance thought for a moment, thinking hard as he stared down at his sheet-covered feet.
“Is it ‘cause I’m here?” he asked, looking back. “Cause I’m his Solflux?”
Yittek nodded again. “That’s my speculation as well.”
Lance stayed silent, thinking back. Thinking to the serum, how close they were.
“Lance,” Yittek began, “it seems that thought was loud enough for me to hear. May I take another look?”
Lance raised a brow, thinking back to how the potion had been almost completely in his grasp, his nails knocking against the side of the vial.
“Lance...” Yittek’s eyes closed, his head turning away. “I’m sorry to report... What you experienced was a very strong spark; a clone.”
“What...” Words left him, fading away from his tongue.
“I’m sorry,” Yittek apologized, his voice soft. “It seems that was simply a clone about to wear off. That vial wasn’t real, Lance.”
Lance felt his entire world drop.
“You mean it was a fake?”
“When a spark deteriorates, it’s rather common for it to darken, for the pigmentation to be altered,” Yittek said. “I’m sorry. I wish it were something else.”
“So... He was just toying with us?”
Yittek nodded. “Perhaps he sensed you coming.”
And decided to have a little fun. Lance felt like screaming. We weren’t even close.
He distracted himself from it. He needed to get to Zidane.
He stood slowly, feeling his brain swim.
Yittek stood up as well. “Where are you going?”
“Need to see Zidane,” Lance answered. “Gotta make sure he’s okay.”
Yittek nodded. “I can take you to him, if you’d like.”
Lance shook his head. “I’ll walk. Find my own way around.”
“Very well.”
Lance took his time moving down the hallway, passing statues carved out of the walls and elegantly crafted doorways. He couldn’t help but feel a sense of... Purpose.
It made his steps more confident, his back straighter, his strides sharper.
He was going to beat this. These cells wouldn’t be able to touch him.
He slowed to a stop, feeling a magnet-like intuition glow at the center of his chest. The next room, right in front of him... Zooka was inside it; Lance could feel it.
Dammit.
He waited for a few more moments. For what, he wasn’t sure. It’s not like she would just waltz out here and want to speak with him. Alone. Especially when Zidane was hurt.
“Do you... Speak English?”
First question she asked me. His heart expanded in appreciation.
He stepped through the door, pausing in the entranceway. Zidane was there, cuddled in her embrace. Zooka was bowed forward, head turned in and lungs gently moving in a rhythm of sleep.
He needed to speak with Zidane.
Lance started around the bed, across the room, leaned forward with his hands in the pocket of his hoodie.
Zidane turned, opening one eye halfway. He opened the other, giving a wide yawn.
“Hey.”
“Hey yourself,” Lance responded, straightening. “How’re you feelin’?”
Zidane paused, then shrugged.
“Nothing out of the ordinary.”
“Nothing out of the ordinary?” Lance said. “You’ve got a giant-ass gash across your torso. How is that not out of the ordinary?”
Zidane smiled.
“Lance, I’m fine. Chill.”
Lance huffed a little, running a hand through his hair.
“Yeah.”
He was silent for a moment, staring down at his feet. Finally, he looked up.
“What in the hell happened?” he asked.
“I died,” Zidane answered, as if it were that simple. “Then, I came back.”
“And everything in between...?”
“It...” Zidane swallowed, searching near his feet.
“I saw my mom,” he said finally, and Lance’s eyes grew wide.
“You what? You did?”
The crossbreed nodded.
“Yeah. She was there.”
“What’d she say? What happened?”
“She just...” Zidane’s eyes shined with tears. He blinked, wiped them away with a wrist. “She told me it wasn’t my fault.”
Lance let out the breath he’d been holding.
“Good.” He nodded. “I’m glad, ‘cause it wasn’t.”
Zidane didn’t respond. Lance was about to reinforce the fact when Zidane spoke again, looking up to Lance.
“I owe you a lot,” he said.
“Zidane, I didn’t—”
“You brought me back,” the crossbreed said. “You were my link to this world.”
Lance stared.
He grinned, then pumped a fist into the air. “Sweet, I was right.”
Zidane grinned, laughing a bit. “What, did you have a bet with Yittek or something?”
“Wish I did.” He paused, shaking his head with the grin still on his face. “Nah, just likeminded ideas.”
Zidane nodded.
“Glad you guys got it sorted out.”
Lance nodded.
After a moment or two of searching the space between his shoes, Lance started around the bed, towards Zidane. He took his time, ambling, feeling the crossbreed watch him in patience, in curiosity.
Finally, stopping an arm’s length away from the crossbreed, Lance looked up.
“I still wanna keep searching,” he said. “Even if I don’t have a lot of time left, I wanna keep looking for some way to get more time. I’m not letting these things win, even if it kills me.”
“Which it won’t,” Zidane said, eyes lightening.
Lance smiled, sure his eyes were just as bright.
He extended a fist.
“So, what’dya say? You in this with me or what?”
Zidane leaned forward, the slightest amount of pain crossing his face.
“Yeah,” he said. “I’m with you.”
And as his fist lightly connected with Lance’s, the human could only feel a surge of power.
Nothing could stop them. Nothing would come close.
















Author’s Note

	Hello, and welcome to the very end of the book! While there is a sequel in the works, the first book is the product of seventeen years of thought. I’m writing this to let you know I would absolutely love to hear your thoughts! Let me know what you think by leaving a review on Amazon!
