

Gun Crazy 3


A Jim Nash Collection


By P X Duke


Copyright © 2022 P X Duke
All Rights Reserved

ISBN 978-1-928161-35-6


REVISED AND EDITED


What follows are works of fiction. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental. Places mentioned by name are entirely fictitious and purely products of the author’s imagination, and are not meant to bear resemblance to actual places or locations.


9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2


Jim Nash Read Order

Marina Mystery
Twisted Sisters
Sleeping with a .45
Pirate Cay
Thrill Kill Jill
Greetings From Key West
Lost Paradise
No Angels
Mexico Gamble
No Picnic
Fallen Angels
Vendetta
A Girl’s Best Friend
Dead End
No Harbor
Dog Days
Startup Blues
Last Stop to Nowhere / End of Nowhere
Revenge Is Justice
Escape
Wedding Bell Blues
Breakdown
Little Girl Lost
Forget Me Not
All The Glitter
Mexico Time
Partners In Crime
Shop Till You Drop

SEASONAL
Trick or Treat
Helping Santa

OTHER
The Snap Brim Fedora Caper


Available as print books by P X Duke

Gun Crazy
Gun Crazy 2
Gun Crazy 3
Fallen Angels
Revenge Is Justice
Mexico Time

No Way Out

Dead Reckoning

Gun Crazy 3

A Jim Nash Collection


A Girl’s Best Friend
Jim Nash has a new P.I. license, but he can’t use it in Nassau. Following a briefing in the Big Apple on the diamond market, he is off to the sunny paradise to dissuade a friend from flashing a blue diamond at one of his infamous parties. Minus a guest list for the forty partiers, they’re all suspects in the murder.
Dead End
A missing teenager draws Nash back to the scene of the crime in Mexico, where his pregnant wife was killed in an explosion aboard their sloop. He has needed the intervening two years to get over the life-changing event, and now he’s ready to take another look to put it all behind him for good. He crosses the border, lands an exceptional deal on a rental car, and, realizing one of his shortcomings, hires a translator.
No Harbor
Jim Nash is well on his way to a complete recovery from events in his past. He's thrilled to be in his second marriage. His job at the resort is secure. A blast from his past re-emerges and threatens to throw a wrench into his plans for the future. Will it endanger his bond with the new woman in his life?
Dog Days
Jim Nash is as content as he has ever been. Then he gets arrested thanks to the new girl that has come into his life. The local PD is itching to pin the crime on Nash. While being held on trumped-up charges of murder, all of the women come together and show up to post bond.
Startup Blues
Elected to the position of chief of police isn't everything it's cracked up to be when Jim has competent help to assist him. Bored with desk duty, Jim takes a temporary leave to use his P.I. license to come to the aid of two women being harassed and threatened. To find the guilty party, his quest leads him to gator country in the Florida Everglades.

About the author

More by P X Duke



A Girl’s Best Friend


IT TOOK MORE than a few months, but that was all right by me. I wasn’t in any great hurry. I ended up taking Don Boyle fishing twice before he drove down one last time to hand over the completed forms. He even included some references from two of the guys I used to work with. Just as I had, they’d seen the writing on the wall, too, and left for greener pastures. They found theirs as part of Detective Boyle’s team.
Truth be told, it was Don who took me fishing. I can’t say he introduced me to it. My late grandfather handled that. As a young boy, he took me out many times in his small boat with a five horsepower Viking outboard attached to the transom. Rain or shine, we would venture forth. I suspect it was his way of getting away from grandma for a bit to give her some respite from the two of us.
So, yeah, that’s how many years it had been since the last time I had been fishing. To claim I remembered much about it would have been a lie, and Boyle knew that.
I mailed the completed forms off and had nothing to do but wait. It was the least I could do to get prepared before Robert George called on me again. When my brand-new, shiny Private Detective license and the concealed weapon permit appeared in the mail, I was eager to get going. It was legal for me to carry my firearm, even though what I used wasn’t on the approved list. I promptly tucked the cards into my wallet and forgot all about them.
Strangely, when the phone rang about a job, it wasn’t Robert who called. It was the Indemnity Trust Company, making inquiries. My answers to their questions must have satisfied their curiosity, because when the interview was over, they asked me to work on an assignment for them. I called Robert, just in case I might be stepping on toes, and got the green light to part-time it.
—They must have liked your work on the last gig, Jim. I had nothing to do with this one. You’re on your own now. Don’t forget to show up at the resort when you’re finished.
And that was that.
I boarded a plane to the Big Apple and took a cab to the diamond market. I met with an owner recommended by the trust company, where I received a briefing on the history and relevance of diamonds in the twenty-first century. Much of the briefing was spent on blood diamonds and how they fit into the modern diamond market scheme of things.
In other words, they didn’t. And that was the problem. There were so many ways of getting around the embargoes that it was almost still a free-for-all. That wasn’t my concern on this trip. Instead, I was tasked with checking up on Andy Anderson, who’d just insured his Canadian diamond for a million dollars. The trust company wanted to be sure they had made a wise choice.
I wondered why Indemnity waited until after the policy sale to do the investigation, but I didn’t ask. I guessed the fee and subsequent publicity would encourage more individuals to take out a similar type of insurance with the Trust company. Who was I to argue? I wanted my payday, too.
With the briefing over, I hailed a taxi in front of the exchange building. Before I could open the door and get in, I was rewarded by a brief view of a pale young woman with long, dark hair. Her gorgeous, silk-clad legs were on display beneath the hem of a filmy skirt. She rushed past me and hauled in her nice-looking legs. She slammed the door with nary a word. Not even two to thank me.
I got to the airport with time to spare. By the time I cleared security past the look-good-do-nothing inspectors, it was three hours later and I was in a hurry to make my gate.
My reservation in first class put me across the aisle from the prettiest girl I’d seen in months. I closed my eyes for a little welcome shuteye and, moments later, I recognized the woman who had elbowed past me to claim the cab I had hailed. I settled in, tried to look nonchalant about it, and promptly fell asleep. When I woke up, the lights in first class had been dimmed. Someone was using the opportunity to go through my backpack.
To my complete and utter surprise, it was my taxi thief, Miss Legs. I had just caught her in flagrante delicto.


I feigned sleep, all the while keeping one slitted eye on the woman’s activities. It was obvious she had just begun her search, for it continued for a good five minutes. She opened and then closed every single pouch and piece of paper in my backpack.
Red, lipstick-covered lips looked to be moving in silent curses whenever she took the time to unpurse them. I endured it for as long as I could. I was about to reach for the overhead light when she placed the bag on the seat beside me where she’d found it and stood up, obviously satisfied she had covered everything.
—Is there anything I can help you find?
The woman gasped. Her knee knocked over my pack. The contents spilled onto the cabin floor. She needed to learn to tie a knot. Before I could sit up to gather my things, she kneeled down and nonchalantly slipped something into the ample cleavage hidden beneath her blouse. From what I could see when I looked between the deep, white vee, there was plenty of room for storage.
All I had to do was get my hands on them and the treasure—whatever it was—would be revealed.
—Can I buy you a drink?
She glanced at me and looked away. The look on her face said she was still surprised that she found me awake.
—Drinks are free in first class. Don’t you know that?
I was happy my alibi hadn’t been discovered. I continued to show my ignorance.
—Well, in that case, would you like to dance?
She smiled and then laughed. I moved my knapsack to the floor, and she sat down beside me.
—Not right now. Perhaps in a bit.
Getting a smile followed by a laugh couldn’t be all bad. She had taken the seat beside me, after all. Detective that I was, I was too overwhelmed to think she might have an ulterior motive.
I summoned the flight attendant and ordered champagne. I tried not to drink too much to celebrate my good fortune at having such an attractive woman beside me. I plied her with liquor like it was water and hoped the altitude would do its duty. When she complained the drinks were warm, I called for ice.
In thirty minutes I had her waltzing in the aisle to the bemused glances of the cabin crew as they returned in shifts to witness my antics in the almost empty first class cabin. In an hour, I had my hand inside her blouse and I’d retrieved the paper she had taken from my bag. Following a quick look, I carefully put it back under the watchful eye and wagging finger of the head flight attendant.
—Sorry, I couldn’t resist.
I sat back and dozed fitfully for the rest of the flight to Miami. I woke in time to witness a stretch of A1A and Miami Beach on approach out the port window. My companion had returned to her assigned seat.
In only a couple of hours, I’d be winging my way to rendezvous with a cruise ship supposedly already docked in Nassau.
I made my way to the charter operator and caught another glimpse of miss cute. I knew it was her by the shape of the legs and the stay-ups covering her legs hanging beneath the skirt. She glanced at me, grimaced, and I was airborne in the Piper Navajo before I knew it. The woman continued to ignore me. How soon she forgot all about the stranger who only recently in the dark had left fingerprints on her breasts.
Again, she hurried past me after landing and click-clacked her way in high-heels across the tarmac. She climbed into a huge limo and that was the end of that. Or, it was, until the driver got out, opened the back door, and gestured for me to get in. It was time I introduced myself.
—I’m Jim Nash. I’m pleased to finally meet you. Were you able to locate what it was you were searching for?
I held out my hand. An indignant look said she wasn’t going to take it. She put on her dark glasses, looked out the opposite window, and ignored me.


Perhaps I was grinning too hard, but I couldn't help it. I had no idea who had sent the car for me. I also had no idea who the woman was I was being forced to share it with.
—Excuse me, but you must be in the wrong car. I’m sure they sent it for me.
That went over like a lead balloon. She glanced in my direction, deigned to frown, and followed it up with a grimace. She ignored me until I rolled down the window separating us from the driver and inquired whether the young woman in the back was rightfully there.
—Yes, sir. She is to be transported to the same place you are going.
—That’s good. I was worried that I’d have to let her out at the next corner.
I closed the window and looked smugly at her.
—Let’s try this gain. I’m Jim Nash, and you are—
She continued to ignore me. I finished my sentence.
—And you are a spoiled brat, obviously. Driver. Let this woman out here.
The girl harrumphed. The driver shook his head, and they both pretended I wasn’t there.
—Let’s try this another way. Who the hell are you, and where the hell are you taking me?
At that exact moment, the limo pulled up in front of a giant and trendy pink hotel. The last time I saw anything like that, it was in a movie. The woman scrambled past me and opened the door.
—You’re to come with me.
I got out behind her and followed a sweet pair of hips and legs as they purposefully strode through the lobby towards the elevators. Damn, but the woman did have great legs. I wondered what she might look like in a bathing suit.
—You clean up pretty good, all things considered. While you were sleeping, I managed to get a look at the paper you stuffed down your ample bosom. The sheer bra was pretty. It suits you.
She blushed, stuck out her hand, and I took it. I didn’t let go until she told me her name.
—Pleased to meet you, finally, Megan. I’m—
—Yes, I know who you are. Please follow me.
She paused at the entrance to the penthouse. The door opened, and she began introductions to her father. Immediately, we recognized one another.
—Jim. What are you doing here?
—Hello, Andy. Is this firebrand your daughter? You ought to put a short leash on her. I ended up fondling her breasts last night, and she wouldn’t even share a late breakfast this morning.
Exasperated, Megan turned beet red and faced her father.
—Dad—
—No need for explanations, dear. I’m sure Jim had good reason.
—You’re right, Andy. I had two of them.
It was my turn to smile sheepishly.
—Why don’t we find a meeting room and figure out where we’re going with this—and I don’t mean your daughter’s breasts. I think the hole I dug is deep enough.
Andy chuckled and motioned for me to follow him.
—You haven’t changed, Nash.


Andy reached a hand into a pocket and pulled something out. He flipped it in my direction. I trapped it in a fist. I opened it and discovered the million dollar uncut blue diamond in the flat of my hand. So this was what the trust company was so concerned about.
—Andy, you can’t carry this diamond around like that. The insurance company won’t let you. In fact, that’s the reason I’m here. Already there have been three deaths related to the diamond. Do you want to be number four?
—Thank you, Mr. Nash. I’ve been telling my father that for months, ever since he inherited it.
Megan had to have been listening at the open door.
—Has he listened?
She didn’t answer. In any case, I already knew.
—You know she’s right, Andy. Why won’t you listen? You’re going to walk out of a bar, or pass out in a taxi, or get mugged, and you’ll end up in a seedy back alley wishing you were dead. Whoever ends up with the diamond will know where to go to have it cut. If they don’t, they’ll know someone who does. It’ll be gone and forgotten but for the insurance payout and a search that won’t find a thing. Is that what you want?
—You sound just like my daughter.
Andy sighed.
—Megan. Jim. I’m throwing a party tonight. I want you both there. Dear, see if you can find a little black number in your repertoire for tonight. I’m sure Mr. Nash will appreciate it.
She looked at me and grimaced yet again. I checked the front of my shirt for coffee and my pants for urine stains. I graded myself a pass. What was her problem?
—Dad—
—No backtalk, daughter. I’m afraid I must insist. Now drop Jim off at his hotel. You’ll pick him up and bring him to the party. Don’t be late.
I followed Megan’s twitching hips to the lobby and into the back of the limo.
—How do you know my father?
—A long time ago I did him a favor when he got himself in trouble in a dangerous area of the city I worked in.
—A long time ago? You don’t look that old. How old are you?
I took exception to the question and instead asked her what time she’d be coming by to pick me up.
—Just be ready. I’ll knock on your door.


I managed to be ready, but no way was I going to allow Megan to knock on my door. Instead, I took possession of a wing chair in the lobby like I owned it. When I laid eyes on her, I let her walk up half a flight of stairs to the mezzanine just so I could watch her turn and walk back down again. The woman was such a beautiful treat for my tired eyes.
I called to her.
—Megan. I’m down here.
At the bottom of the stairs, I held out my hand. She ignored it and me. I got the words out an instant before she continued past.
—You look fantastic.
And she did. Long, dark hair. Perfect makeup, but not too much to spoil the look she was going for. But for the diamond earrings and a necklace that shimmered in the light, it would have been a plain look. And that wasn’t all that shimmered. Her perfectly tailored dress emphasized a slim waist. It said there was more beneath it than imagination could bear.
Finally, she stopped and turned. I already knew it was for effect. I opened the door and treated myself as she climbed into the back of the taxi.
—Thank you.
Was she only pretending, or was that her idea of an ice-breaker?
—What happened with your limo?
—I gave the driver the night off.
Megan shifted in the seat.
—Are you going to tell me why you’ve come all this way?
—I think you already know the answer to that. It was in that piece of paper I found tucked away beneath your blouse.
—You realize I was awake for that entire episode. I quite enjoyed it, actually. Your hands were nice and cool against my warm skin.
—I noticed, too. Your blouse was sheer.
—Don’t let it go to your head.
I grinned, and she blushed and suddenly we had what seemed to be an understanding.
—Why don’t we start over?
I extended my hand.
—I’m Jim Nash. I’m a friend of your father’s and I’m concerned for his safety.
She took it and held it for longer than I thought necessary.
—I’m Megan Anderson. And I’m concerned about my father’s safety, too. Perhaps we can work together to keep him alive and his diamonds safe.
We chatted inconsequentially the rest of the way to the party. I left out the explanation about being employed by the company insuring the diamond. I was more concerned with Andy’s safety given the extravagant nature of the parties I had heard he hosted.
Tonight turned out to be no different. I kept up with Megan as she hurried through the entrance to the penthouse. Music performed by a small group in the front room contributed to the party atmosphere and the dancing. A crowd of forty or maybe more milled and mixed in a room designed for twenty, maybe thirty if you were desperate. From what Megan told me, I doubted Andy knew any of the people he had invited. Pickpockets would have a field day.
—Look around, Megan. How many of these people do you know? How many do you think your father knows? Do you understand my concern now?
It wasn’t long before I was drawn to Andy and the crowd surrounding him. He was tossing the diamond back and forth to anyone holding out a hand. It got tossed back without a concern for the dollar signs hanging off of it. I wondered if anyone even knew.
—I’ve got more upstairs. Why don’t you all come along and I’ll show you?
Megan hurried past me to confront her father. She tried to prevent him from going upstairs. It was no good. I followed, only a step behind the woman. We were too late. Andy was already on his way up, followed by a smaller crowd rushing up the stairs ahead of us.
—Come on, Megan. I think we should see this.
I grabbed her hand and pulled her up the staircase behind the crowd finding its way.
—Normally he keeps everything else in a safe in his bedroom. Come on, I’ll show you.


Megan closed the door to the bedroom behind us. The noise from the crowd quieted within the walls of the enormous room. It opened up onto a huge balcony running the width of the entire suite of rooms. Anyone capable of climbing over the open balcony wall separating the rooms could slip the simple French door lock and enter unhindered.
Megan opened the painting on its hinges, revealing the wall safe.
—It’s a quality safe, Megan, but even so. It would be no challenge for a pro. All right. You’ve shown me.
I moved to go around her on my way to the door.
—Wait, Jim.
She dimmed the lights and waited in front of the door.
—Jim—
She reached out and I took her hands in mine.
—I know. It’s all right.
—No. It isn’t. I don’t know why I’m being such a bitch. I suppose I was expecting another of my father’s hangers-on. You turned out to be his friend. I’m sorry.
She grinned up at me. 
—And your hands really were nice and cool.
I grinned.
—I know. I noticed. You were wearing a sheer bra, remember? From what I could tell, you have no reason to wear one.
—You are a devil of a man, aren’t you?
She blushed.
—Maybe. But I think you liked it, even if it took you this long to realize I’m an ally and not the enemy. Now come on, we need to get to your father’s exhibition circus.
There were no other words I could have used. Andy was putting on a show for his guests. He had a row of diamonds laid out on deep blue felt. They were stunning. The man had no shame. He had no smarts, either.
—I can’t believe he’s doing this. Is he drunk?
He had to be.
—He doesn’t drink. He just likes to let everyone know the circus is back in town.
—Circus is right. And I think your father is the rube. Is there any chance he might have a guest list?
—Not a chance in hell. He invites people and waits to see who shows up. There’s no guest list. There never has been, as far as I know.
—Then we need to get video of every face in the crowd, upstairs and down. Now let’s get back to your father’s sideshow.
Two of the women in the crowd had moved off to the side. They were engaged in a heated discussion. Their loud voices almost overcame the cacophony surrounding Andy’s performance with the diamonds.
—Who are they, Megan?
—The older one is my father’s sister. She’s my aunt Julia. The one young enough to be my sister is my father’s latest fling. Her name is Sandy.
Both women were attractive in their own way. Julia had an air of quiet wealth and breeding about her. Sandy, the girlfriend, looked tired, but she was still a stunner. Lucky Andy. It was obvious Aunt Julia had a problem with Andy’s latest. Perhaps she thought the woman would end up as his wife. That would certainly change the details of a will.


By the end of the evening, Megan and I had become inseparable. I didn’t realize it until later, of course. I had been too busy attempting to get photos and as much video of the crowd as I could while not drawing attention to myself.
Eventually, the crowd drifted away. All was quiet in the huge, empty room. There wasn’t a soul remaining. Andy was nowhere to be found. The diamonds must have been put away. At least, I hoped they had.
—Check your father’s room, Megan.
A scream resonated through the penthouse in the bedroom's direction. Megan sagged against the door frame for support, with her diamond necklace clutched in her hand. Her voice was suddenly weak.
—Jim—
A look of horror had taken over Megan’s face. She was even more pale. Her lips moved. No sound came out. She continued to slip until she collapsed on her backside. Her arms surrounded her knees and clutched them to her chest.
I made my way past her into the room. I halted immediately. On the opposite side of the bed, on the floor, Andy was on his stomach. I placed my hands in my pockets and advanced slowly, looking, scanning, careful not to disturb anything until his torso came into full view behind the bed.
There was no sign of a struggle. A small pool of blood was evident beneath his rib cage. It no longer got bigger. I checked for a pulse. There was none. It appeared his death had been quick.
—Call the police, Megan. And an ambulance. Hurry.
I already knew it was too late. I didn’t tell her that. Instead, I took a close look at the body while she was out of the room. I didn’t disturb it. I coldly inspected it for signs of murder.
Andy’s face had frozen in an expression of shock. He had all his clothes. It was obvious he wasn’t planning on bedding anyone. I couldn’t see anything to show anyone had been with him in the room. From what I could tell by the pat-down I gave his clothing, his pockets were empty of the diamond. 
By the time I finished the brief examination, I was as clueless as when I first walked into the bedroom.

* * *

I LET THE LOCAL POLICE do their job. As a former cop, I knew enough that answers could be awhile forthcoming. Late in the afternoon, I checked in by phone. I inquired about suspects, and was immediately transferred to the detective in charge. I identified myself and she did away with any pleasantries She asked right off how many guests had been at the soirée the previous night.
—Thirty. Maybe Forty.
She didn’t sound too happy when she heard the numbers. I figured it confirmed what she was afraid of.
—Then that’s how many suspects we have—less you and the victim’s daughter since you were in the company of each other.
—All forty? I’m coming down.
She didn’t say no, so I climbed into a cab and made my way to the police station. I hoped I’d be able to get a few answers before heading back to the hotel and Megan. She’d taken a room there after her father’s robbery and murder. I wondered about that, but I decided it wasn’t worth a second thought. I was pretty sure she hadn’t been thinking straight.
Detective Shayla Gavetti met me at the front desk and escorted me to her office. I didn’t mind following this one, either. She had a long gait and the legs to go with it. Not a square inch of trouser-encased seat or thigh rippled with anything but muscle.
—I was wondering if perhaps you could explain your connection to this case, Mr. Nash.
—Andy turned into a bit of a playboy when he came into a whole bunch of money some years ago. He pulled up stakes and went on a world class spending spree. I have no idea how much of the family fortune might remain. That’s not my concern. According to his daughter, his parties were legendary.
—I’ve crossed paths with the man a couple of times. She’s right. His parties really were legendary.
I wondered if she knew personally, or only by reputation. It was a question for later, perhaps.
—He came into the diamonds completely by accident when a mining property the family owned in Canada was discovered to be sitting on several pipes. The stone he carried was rough and uncut. He kept it in his pocket and liked to show it to anyone who would listen.
—So I’ve been told.
So she had managed to interview some guests, and probably the aunt and daughter, too. Good to know.
—Anyway, my company, Indemnity Trust, insured the diamond for a million dollars. Because I knew the man, I was sent here to talk some sense into him. He barely listened. He wouldn’t listen to his daughter, either.
—Mr. Nash, you were downstairs in the main room the entire time?
—Well, I was until I saw a group of people surrounding Andy. There were a couple of women hanging off of his arms. He was showing them the diamond. He announced he had more to see upstairs, and a small crowd, including the two women, followed him.
—And that’s the last you saw of him?
—Not at all. Megan was very concerned for her father’s safety. She went to rush up the stairs. I followed her into Andy’s bedroom, where she showed me the safe in the wall. We exited the bedroom on our way to the exhibition Andy had been putting on.
—And then what did you do?
—You don’t think—
—I’m just asking questions, Mr. Nash. I want answers.
—So do I, Detective.
Gavetti deftly changed the subject. I was impressed.
—So, Mr. Nash. Did you meet any of the guests?
—Megan pointed out Andy’s sister. Julia. Another woman, Sandy, apparently was Andy’s latest fling. He spent the rest of the evening, as far as I could tell, with her. They danced, and then they went out on the first-floor terrace. They eventually returned to the room and separated.
—Anything else?
—Now that you ask, Detective, I don’t believe I ever saw the woman come back into the front room. We followed Andy and the crowd up the stairs after that.
—You mean you and Megan.
—That’s right.
—Anything else I should know?
—Well, I asked Megan to take video with her phone of everyone downstairs. I took some, too. Perhaps you should have a look at that.
—We’ve been trying to get our hands on a guest list.
—Good luck with that. According to Megan, her father never paid any attention to who he invited. If anyone showed up, he was happy. I expect he was satisfied with the turnout at his latest party.
—So I’ve heard about the invitations.
I wanted to ask if she’d ever been invited. Before I could, Gavetti handed over a folder.
—Take a look at this.
I opened the thin folder.
—It’s photos of jewel thieves we’re familiar with operating in all the right circles out of Miami and Nassau. Perhaps you’ll see a familiar face.
I looked through the folder, but nothing stuck out. People had been coming in and out of the room all evening. Short, fat, tall, slim, pretty, not so pretty.
—Nothing, Detective. I’m sorry. Perhaps the video—
—Yes. Perhaps.


I left the station and began thinking. One murder. At least thirty or more suspects. I hoped I could coax something out of my memory of last night. I strolled along the waterfront, not even sure where I was going or what I was doing. Then I remembered a distraught Megan back at the hotel. I grabbed a cab and was there in ten minutes.
I got out of the taxi and closed the door just as a motorcycle sped past. A passenger let fly with just enough lead to scare me half to death. I dropped to the ground, too soon to get a plate as the bike roared past.
I got up, dusted myself off, and rushed out of the line of fire. Megan greeted me in the lobby.
—What happened to you? What were those explosions?
—I was just coming to see you. Someone tried to scare me. They succeeded.
I didn’t go into detail. She had enough on her mind.
—Why don’t you go and get cleaned up? I’ll wait for you down here.
—I’ll be back as quick as I can. Don’t run off.
I opened to door to my room. Enough perfume to float a battleship insulted my nostrils and almost interrupted my breathing.
—Hello, Jim.
—Julia. What are you doing here? How did you get in?
She handed me a room card.
—I got it from the maid. We need to talk.
I was skeptical.
—You were there, too. Whatever you tell me, you should tell the police.
—I already have. I left before the murder. At least, I think I did.
I wasn’t sure whether to believe Julia.
—You think? What do you mean, exactly?
—Did you do it, Jim? You went into his bedroom.
—Julia, if you know I went into his bedroom, then you were still there. You had to be outside, watching. Is that right?
—Yes. But I didn’t kill him.
Did you see who did?
—No. I was downstairs in the garden waiting to have it out with his latest girlfriend. I wanted to be sure I’d get to see her when she was alone.
—So you were jealous and worried about inheritance?
She ignored the question. I very much doubted she’d tell me, even if my assumption about inheritance was true.
—I was accustomed to his wandering eye. I’m not sure I was jealous, exactly. I wanted to find out how serious it was between them. Andy floated back and forth between a couple of other women. Lately, Sandy seemed to be his favorite. I had to know what he was planning on doing with her.
—Well, it looks to me like Sandy’s been dumped big time. The family name won’t be dragged through the tabloids any longer. How does it feel to be free from Andy’s womanizing and screwing around?
—It hasn’t sunk in yet. When it does, I’m going to be happy it’s over, I think. The past few months haven’t been pleasant.
—No doubt. And if you did the deed and collected the diamonds, you’re ready to get out of town and begin a brand new life, aren’t you?
—Do you really think I did it?
—I don’t know. But you’re finally free of Andy. You should try to make the most of it.
—This lifestyle is all I’ve ever known.
Julia walked out of my room, looking scared and lonely. It appeared she really had no idea what would be next in her life.
I rushed to clean up and get dressed. By the time I made it downstairs, Megan had disappeared. I found her at the bar, surrounded by a growing group of men. And no wonder. She looked gorgeous in the light green mini and those dark stay ups that barely kept her white thighs covered up beneath the skirt.
She saw me and rushed her way through the sea of too-friendly men.
—Get me out of here, please.
An enormous bag hung off of her shoulder.
—Are you kidding? There are some women who would kill for what you just turned down.
—No thanks. Now follow me. I know you like to do that.
She grinned, I grinned, and I followed her just like we both wanted.
—If I remember right, from what you told me about the frisking I gave you on the plane, you’re not so innocent either, girl.
She turned and caught me looking where she already knew my eyes would be glued.
—Sometimes.


I followed Megan into the taxi.
—Where are you taking us?
—Turn the other way.
Megan covered my eyes with her scarf. I breathed in a subtle scent of perfume. Just like Megan, it too sneaked up on me and slowly began taking over. I got the idea there was more going on with us than perhaps neither was aware.
Following a brief ride, the taxi pulled over. I could hear surf washing ashore in the background.
—All right. Now follow me.
She opened the door and took my hand. My shoes sunk into soft sand. I tripped and bumped against her. Her arm circled around me.
—Hang onto me. Don’t let go. We’re almost there.
I pulled her as close as I could. She struggled against me. It wasn’t to get away. If anything, it felt like she wanted to get a lot closer. The onshore breeze caught her hair. It drifted across my face. Lazy waves washed their way slowly up the gently sloping sandy shore. She continued leading the way.
—Where are you taking me?
—You can let go of me now. We’re here.
I didn’t want to let this moment between us go.
—It’s all right. And yes, I don’t want you to let go, either.
Reluctantly, I did. Her arms went around my neck. Her lips brushed against me. I inhaled the faint scent of her perfume. It was the same scent she wore on the plane from New York. I liked a woman who could be consistent.
—Your perfume—
She untied the knot, and the blindfold fell away. She wrapped the scarf and tucked it into my pocket.
—I hoped you’d like it. It’s the scent I wore when you met, umm, met certain parts of me.
We laughed. We were getting comfortable with each other.
—See? Isn’t it beautiful here?
I wondered how many other men she’d brought to the beach this way.
—I used to come here as a kid with my aunt. This is the first I’ve been back in a long time.
And then I knew I was falling in love with this woman.
—Megan—
She put a finger to my lips.
—Me too, Jim. Let’s just be here, together, all right? It’s right. It’s the right time. Perhaps later it will be the wrong time. It’s right for now, isn’t it?
I took her in my arms and we kissed.
—Yes. It has to be.
Megan began undressing.
—Come on. We’re going swimming.
I wasn’t about to let her know I didn’t know how. She helped unbutton my shirt and then we were both naked beneath the moonlight flooding the ocean and the beach. Hand in hand we walked through the surf to deeper water. She floated on her back. The moonlight illuminated every curve of her body and her long legs.
—This must be a switch for you.
I was curious now.
—What do you mean?
She grinned up at me with an impish look.
—Your eyes are glued to the front of me for a change.
She giggled and I laughed and we struggled to hang onto one another as I pulled her out of the water towards me.
—Come on, Megan. It’s time.
—Yes. It is. Finally. I don’t want to wait any longer.
The moon shone down and gave its approval as we huddled beneath the blanket in a tangle of discarded clothes.
—It’s beautiful, isn’t it?
—Yes. You are. And you’re cold.
—Are you sure it’s cold?
I pulled the blanket over us but it didn’t do a thing.
—Not any more.
—Oh Jim—
I covered her shoulders with my jacket. We stayed naked, enjoying the sensation of wet, naked bodies illuminated by moonlight.
Megan slipped the jacket off and leaned against me. My arms surrounded her. She took my hands in hers and we stayed like that until it was time to dress. We strolled arm in arm back to the road and the limo.
I wasn’t ready for it this time, either. Two motorcycles pulled up beside the limo just as I closed the door behind us. Bullets ricocheted off the glass and scattered to I don’t know where.
—Holy shit, Megan. Your father’s limo is armored.
—Yes, it is. Aren’t you glad?
I was even happier when a still-shaken Megan invited me to walk with her to her room. I spent the night consoling her. Or maybe we consoled each other. I took a very long, good look at what she had concealed beneath the little black dress of only last night. It was exactly the same as what she had revealed to me on the beach and in the water. I wasn’t disappointed for the second time.
I hoped she wasn’t, either.


Detective Gavetti interrupted the proceedings with a text. It seemed Julia, Andy’s sister, was at the airport, waiting to board a flight to Miami.
I crawled out of bed, slapped Megan on her firm, naked rear, and drew the sheet over her. Then I changed my mind and pulled it all the way down, revealing her long, shapely legs, still encased in stockings. She rolled over for me, unashamed. I almost didn’t want to go to work.
—I’ll be waiting for you just like this.
—You’re awake after all. I’ll be waiting to take them off. In the meantime, I have to get to the airport. Your aunt is waiting to board a flight for home. I need to see her before she goes.
Oh so reluctantly, I closed the door and caught a taxi to the airport. I caught up with Julia in the departure lounge before she went through the scanner. She hesitated when she saw me and finally stepped out of line.
—As you can see, I don’t have long to wait. I don’t want to talk to you. I’ve already given my statement to the police. I’m exhausted. I need to get home to rest. I’m sure you understand.
I knew there was nothing I could do to convince her to talk to me. As I turned to go, I thought I saw what looked to be one of the local jewel thieves from Gavetti’s collection of mug shots. He must have spotted me, because he disappeared almost immediately. The only place he could have escaped to in such a rush were the restrooms.
I hurried into the men’s and slammed doors open. Outside of a few complaints, there was no one I recognized. I rushed into the women’s. This time, I checked for shoes. Behind door number three, I had the man I wanted.
I kicked the door open and it slammed against the wall. Women screamed. The jewel thief pulled a knife and jabbed. I dodged. He jabbed again with too much force. I sidestepped and shoved him into the row of sinks across the room. I grabbed his collar and returned him to the cubicle he had just deserted. When I had him inside, I slammed the door on his knife hand. He grunted as the knife clattered to the floor. I kicked it away.
I cold-cocked my first jewel thief.
Airport security was happy to allow me to haul the man downtown to Detective Gavetti, where I dropped him off. I hurried back to the hotel, threw my belongings into my bag, and snapped it shut just in time to feel the thump that knocked me cold. I woke up splayed out on the soft carpet. I had no idea how long I had been out. I struggled to the window, tugged at the curtains, and looked out in the direction of the island airport.
I couldn’t be sure, but the plane I wanted to be on was probably lined up for takeoff. On the other hand, a huge cruise ship was just finding its way into port. I wondered if there was a connection. Why, I didn’t know right off. I went back to rubbing my head and thinking about what a numbskull I’d been.
I collapsed onto the floor a second time and my eyes closed.

* * *

I CAME TO IN TIME to mumble a hello to Gavetti’s phone call.
—You don’t sound so good, Nash.
—Someone just slugged me in my room. I ended up taking a snooze on a well-carpeted floor. I was trying to make the flight to Miami. Andy’s sister is on it.
—Did you happen to find the diamond on that thief you turned over to us?
Obviously Gavetti must have thought I’d retrieved it and not told her.
—Unfortunately, no. It’s not my lucky day. What about his luggage?
—Nothing there, I’m afraid. He won’t admit to killing Andy, or to being involved with the theft of the diamond. I think we can hold him for a while-at least until this thing shakes out for us.
—Good. Don’t let him walk. He knows something. I think the diamond is on the plane bound for Miami along with the guilty party-or parties.
—We did find something interesting, though.
As usual, the woman was playing it coy. It appeared she was always holding the best for last.
—He had a ticket for a cruise ship in his bag.
—A cruise ship? Talk about a slow boat to China.
—Yeah, but there are plenty of places to stash things, especially things like diamonds.
—Can you get the plane back?
—We can work with airport authorities to halt the flight out of the airport. I’ll make a call. Meet me in arrivals as soon as you can.
I had no time to get word to Megan. She’d have to keep her stockings on over those gorgeous legs just a little longer. I arrived at the airport in time to witness Julia’s flight taxiing to the terminal building. I met up with Detective Gavetti and her team.
By the time we put everyone on the plane through a baggage search, a couple of hours had passed and we were wrapping it up. If Megan was still waiting for me, she’d no doubt be well-rested. I was in for trouble. I called her to explain, and she didn’t seem to mind.
—I’m still here. Now that I’ve found you, I don’t want to lose you.
Perhaps it seemed to be a little soon, but I let her know I felt the same way.
—I’ll be back as soon as we get this cleared up.
There wasn’t much to report on the passenger searches. No diamond turned up. No murderer exposed. By then, I didn’t really think there would be. I returned to the hotel and an anxious Megan.
—I was worried about you. You were gone a lot longer than we both thought you would be. 
—I know, and I’m sorry. I should have called.
—No, you shouldn’t. It’s your job, and I accept it for what it is.
It was looking like this woman might just want to be a part of my life.
—Does that mean—
—Yes. Now come to bed. You still have some stockings to help me take off, remember?
Oh yes I did.


I slipped out of bed and took the early morning phone call without waking Megan. I barely disturbed her. Both of her sleek, stocking-covered legs in all their glory waved like a flag from beneath the white sheets, and I remembered I was supposed to take them off of her.
—What is it, Gavetti?
—I think we might have a lead. There’s a car waiting for you downstairs if you can tear yourself away from what’s warming your bed.
—How did you- never mind. I’ll be there shortly.
I opened the car door to Detective Gavetti’s wide grin. She handed me a coffee. I knew better than to tell her I took two creams and a sugar.
—Thanks, Detective. How did you know it would be just what I’d need?
—You can call me Shay. If you call me Shayla in front of any of my officers, I’ll throw you in jail. Your choice.
I already had enough on my plate. I didn’t need another woman getting under my skin.
—Understood, Detective Gavetti. Now, where are we going?
She drove around the block and parked at a back entrance to the hotel. I was confused. I looked across at her.
—What’s going on?
—I think we should double-team the penthouse suite. I need to see if we missed anything. This is a simple case of murder. A crime of opportunity when a crowd of people surrounded the victim and made it impossible for anyone to murder him. And that’s exactly why it happened. Whoever wanted the man dead, wanted his death to occur when everyone would know that it couldn’t.
I considered for a moment.
—But he was killed while I was in a room keeping company with his daughter.
Gavetti looked at me.
—Were you? Were you both in the room at the same time?
I had to think back. So many people had been in the room while he was futzing with his diamond. So much had happened since Andy’s murder-
—You know, I think you might be on to something.
Suddenly, I didn’t want to think. I didn’t want to know, either. I wanted to understand why my life had to have so many twists and turns that even I couldn’t keep up. Gavetti went on.
—You can tell me what you remember of the night while we go through the rooms.


In my head, I ran through the checklist for what I could remember of a possible timeline. I’d been downstairs with Megan. We’d been discussing her irresponsible father and how he wouldn’t stop throwing the parties that got him into the tabloids with the women and the booze and the diamonds and sometimes drugs, too.
We had followed him upstairs, behind the crowd. Wait, no. Megan tried to get upstairs ahead of everyone, but she got cut off by the crowd chasing after her father. I grabbed her hand and pulled her up the stairs behind me, hurrying so as not to lose sight of her father.
Then she pulled me into the bedroom and closed the door to show me the wall safe. She turned the lights down and—
Gavetti interrupted my thought train.
—Megan. She was alone with her father just long enough to kill him.
—But—
—But what, Jim?
—I was with her. For all of it—
I reconsidered.
—I was with her for all but a couple of minutes.
Gavetti had just thrown me a huge curve. I didn’t know how to take it or what to do with it. Was she trying to rattle my cage, or did she know something I didn’t? I had to clear my head. 
—I’ll be back in a bit. Don’t go away.
I walked out of the victim’s bedroom and down the hall. I retraced my steps the night Andy was killed. Meagan and I had been in the bedroom where she showed me the safe. We left together to go into the enormous living room. In fact, we were all but holding hands by then. We’d arrived in the front room just in time to see her father displaying his smaller diamonds on the blue mat. His guests continued tossing the huge, uncut diamond back and forth like it was a baseball.
And then, suddenly, they all disappeared. Whatever caused that, I had no idea. It was then that Megan had run into the bedroom and discovered her father lying on the floor in a pool of blood. She screamed, and I ran in after her.
Gavetti must have followed me. I caught her watching me as I ran through it in my head. She had to know something. I waved for her to join me.
—What don’t I know about Megan? Are you going to tell me, or do I have to bribe you?
I reached into my pocket and came up empty-handed.
—Hell, I can’t even do that. You wanted to get me back here, didn’t you? There’s nothing new to look for because it’s all been searched through. You wanted me to examine my own role in it, am I right?
—Come on, Nash. Allow me to buy you lunch since it appears you’re broke.


At first, I didn’t believe Gavetti. I couldn’t let myself. I’d fallen for Megan. I believed she had feelings for me, too. Why would she lie? And to begin with, why would she kill her own father? Gavetti must have seen my reaction to her conclusion. How could she not? She was a cop, after all.
I had to ask. For certain, I couldn’t work it out on my own.
—Okay. I’ll bite. What is it?
Gavetti’s eyes never wandered from mine.
—Do you promise you won’t shoot me? Or stab me?
—I left my handgun back on the mainland. And I rarely carry a knife, but I might start. Did I answer the question properly about the knife?
Gavetti smiled and went on.
—Megan is—or was—a government agent.
I looked at her in disbelief.
—Yeah. Go figure. She’s young, but she’s been doing it for a while in Europe and the Middle East. Those Arabs like the blue-eyes, after all. And she’s white enough that she doesn’t have to work at it. That’s why she stays out of the sun. That’s why she took you to the beach at night.
I didn’t let on that wasn’t the only reason we ended up on a blanket under the moon. I let it pass.
—Come on. Walk me back to the car.
I followed just far enough behind to keep an eye on her lengthy strides. It took my mind off of things I didn’t want to think about.
—What proof do you have, Gavetti?
She slowed to let me catch up. So she knew, too.
—So much for calling me Shay I guess. Get in.
She opened the car door for me and went around to the other side. She handed me the file on the seat beside her.
—I received this after an inquiry. It all fits.
—Can I keep this?
—For as long as it takes you to read it, yes. It can’t leave my sight.
When I finished, I got out of the car and leaned in the door.
—I need some time to handle this. Will you let me take care of it?
—I can give you a day. Maybe two if we’re lucky.
—Thanks. You won’t be sorry. I promise, Shay.
—It’s about time. I was just about to give up on you.

* * *

I WALKED AWAY from the car and Shay and finished what seemed like a too long walk back to the hotel on my own. It left me with just enough time to come up with a solution to all of our problems. The problem with the solution was that it left no way to locate the stolen diamond.
Megan was still waiting in my suite. She had to have bribed someone to let her in. Once she got a look at me, I think she knew the jig was up. She played it well. She lounged on the bed, pretending to wait expectantly.
—Well? What’s it going to be? Are you going to take them off, or am I?
She had to be tired of waiting. In two seconds, both her stockings hung down around her ankles. She managed to kick them to the floor and undressed.
—Come on, lover. It’s time.
Why was she in my room? And how did she get in? She had to know by the look on my face that I knew about her. Was she going to stick me in the back with a knife? Or would she do me in the front while she had me locked in the throes of passion?
—Megan—
She settled back on the bed.
—Come here. The door is locked. The lights are low. Let’s make love even more passionately than we did on the beach.
That did it. I stripped off my shirt and joined her on the bed. I tightened my grip on her wrists and forced them over her head. She barely struggled.
—That’s it, baby. I like it rough sometimes.
Her wrists presented the perfect opportunity. I grabbed for my handcuffs and secured her to the bedpost.
—We can be like that, too. Whatever you want, I’ll do it. Wait. Where are you going?
I already had my shirt on. I began searching through the room, looking for the elusive diamond. I figured the knife was long gone already, but I kept an eye out for a clue to that, too. Just in case. The jewel had to be here. That’s why she remained here while I was away.
Bed-bound Megan struggled, trying to free her wrists. When the cuffs only drew tighter, she gave up and tried the seduction route one more time.
—Baby, I’m over here and all alone. Look. I’m more than ready for you.
She was one beautiful woman spread out on the bed and eager for more, even if she was pretending. I didn’t give her a chance. I couldn’t, even if I wanted to. And I wanted to, very much.
—Megan, you’re going to jail. It’s just a matter of time before I find the diamond. I know you stashed it here. It would be the only safe place for it once someone knew you had it.
She had to know she wouldn’t be getting anywhere with me. She drew her legs up to her chest and stopped squirming. I threw a sheet over her. I already knew how easily I could be tempted. This was one woman I’d better not let tempt me any longer, no matter the feelings I had for her.
Then it dawned on me. The knife had to be here, too. I tossed the mattress and dumped Megan on the floor. She screamed. The knife slipped out from behind a pillow and dropped to the floor beside her. I wrapped a towel around it and continued my search for the diamond.


I emptied my suitcase on the floor and rummaged through the pile of clothes. A can of shaving cream bounced once and rolled along the carpet. I ignored it and continued throwing my clothes into a pile. Nothing. I went through the pockets on the overnight bag. Nothing there, either. I did the same with my backpack.
My attention wandered to the shaving cream. Where did it come from? It wasn’t even my brand. A faint memory of my days as a city cop came racing back. I picked up the can and gave it a shake. It was empty. I took off the top and pressed. It was better than empty. There was absolutely nothing in it.
—Don’t go away, baby. I’ll be back before you can get those stockings on again.
I picked them up and threw them at her, along with the rest of her clothes.
—If you can manage to get them on, go for it. It’ll look better than a picture of you naked, splashed across the tabloids.
I no sooner pressed send on the text message I prepared than someone knocked on my door. I opened it and she pushed past me in time to catch Megan kicking the sheet off.
—You’re trying to frame me. You want him, too, don’t you?
Gavetti ignored her. She was having none of it.
—You’d better uncuff her, Jim. Otherwise, she’ll be doing the perp walk naked through the lobby, and I’ll be sure to walk slowly.
She turned to Megan.
—As for you, get dressed, and be quick or you will go naked on the way out of the hotel, but not before I notify the paps.
Megan hurried to dress. When she finished, Gavetti slipped her own cuffs on her and fastened them to the bed.
—Sorry, Jim, but it has to be official. If I had to scramble for a key, it wouldn’t look good.
I tossed the can of shaving cream at her. She stared at it and gave me the look.
—Thanks, I think, but I shaved last night.
I smiled faintly at the thought, and she caught me out.
—There might be a chance, but I have to get to know you better first.
—No, Shay. Twist the bottom off.
The diamond dropped to the floor and bounced under the bed. Shay got down on her hands and knees to retrieve it. I was right with my first impression. Her rear was solid. In fact, when Megan kicked at it and connected, it didn’t move. Shay smacked her lightly with her sap and she quieted right down.
—I carry one of those, too. I’ve never used it on a woman.
—Probably because you don’t have to. It seems to me they like to fall all over themselves just for a chance at you.
I ignored her and handed over the towel.
—The knife is in there. Don’t ask me why she kept it, but I think she was planning on using it on me. I found it beneath a pillow.
—Before or after you managed to get her stockings off?
I shook my head. Shay grinned like she couldn’t help it.


I moved into a different hotel. The hotels in this place were packed with all manner of good-looking women, single and married. I figured on taking a few days to catch my breath and enjoy the scenery. Hell, I might even learn to swim.
I greeted the knock on the door with the smile the person on the other side of it deserved. How Gavetti found me, she wouldn't say, but she didn’t have to when I took a good look at her.
—Are you done yet?
She was still smiling, at least.
—No. I’m not. Do you mind?
—Well, I know those eyes. I’ve seen them before, and with some men, they never get enough. Do you?
—I do when I’m with the right woman.
She held out her hand.
—In that case, come with me.
—Shay-
I hesitated in the doorway, unsure if I wanted to start all over again.
—I know all about you. I made some calls.
—So then, you did get to know me better.
—I know you’re damaged goods, and I’m smart enough to figure that I’ll never be able to do anything about it. But I don’t mind. Now come on. There’s someplace special I want to show you.
I closed the door behind me.
—It’s not Love Beach, is it?
—No. I only take my special men there. Perhaps before you leave.
We ended up strolling along the shore, sharing the setting sun. When it cooled, I draped my jacket over her shoulders. We almost looked like a normal couple for a while.
—My place isn’t far from here. Would you like to come up?
She hesitated. I didn’t. I couldn’t refuse. It would look bad.
—Only if you shaved.
She giggled and grabbed my hand and almost yanked my arm in the towards the sidewalk. I didn’t need time to figure it out.
—You won’t find out until we get there.


I had some time coming. I spent it in Nassau, with Shay, in her apartment. She allowed me to move in. I did the town with her. Or she did it with me in tow, I guess. The days went by too fast for my liking and I let her know. I blushed when I told her she’d need another shave in a few more days.
—Are you volunteering?
—Perhaps I could help.
I think we both knew she’d been helping me get over the feelings I had developed for Megan. I didn’t mind. She was likable, and she had a fantastic sense of humor. We traded stories of police work with equal fervor. We made love the same way, hot and sweaty and with much enthusiasm. We laughed and stared and looked and examined and started the whole thing all over again.
—Will you ever come back?
—It’s not that far from Miami. I could.
—But you won’t. You have too many demons you need to slay. Maybe I’ll come see you one day.
—That would be a pleasant surprise. Why don’t you?
I think we both knew it wouldn’t happen.
—Thank you, Shay. You’re just what I needed.
And she was. I needed her to help me get over Megan and my poor judgment. She was the right woman at the right time and I think she knew it, too.
—Like I said, if you ever want to-
—I want to. I just don’t know if I’m ready-and I don’t mean that it’s Megan. I have a history.
—I know some of it, Jim. Maybe one day you can tell me all about it. I’m a good listener.


The Navajo was towed into position on the tarmac. I picked up my bag. Shay walked me to the stairs. I stopped and I took her in my arms and we kissed as though it was the first time. She blushed, and I blushed, and it was time to go.
—I’m not going to say I’ll wait, Jim, but I’ll be here. All you have to do is show up.
—Maybe we could meet in the middle.
—Then it’s a deal.
We kissed again. I boarded the plane. The pilot closed and secured the door. I sat down and looked out the window. Shay waved, and I waved back. She even blew me a kiss.
I grinned like a lovesick teenager until the plane turned and I could no longer see the terminal building.


Dead End


WHEN ROBERT GEORGE CALLED to ask if I’d take a trip into Mexico to search for a missing teenager, I had to tell him I’d think about it. An hour later, I called him back and said yes, but that was before he told me I’d be heading to Ensenada. It turned out Ensenada was the girl’s last known location.
Two years ago, I’d wasted a lot of my life in that town, eating my heart out over my bad luck. I took to drink and the devil, my old standbys when things went to hell in a handbasket with the women in my life. From what I could remember, the drinking had kept me on a more or less even keel.
At least, that's what I had convinced myself at the time. I'd stumbled around like a drunken fool on a mission dedicated to getting ever more drunk. If that was even possible back then.
What else was a man supposed to do when his pregnant wife and their dream yacht had blown to smithereens? Maybe there were men stronger than me, but that was their problem. Despite every effort I spent searching, there was a slim to none chance that I would find the body.
I never gave up the search. When César, the panga owner I hired, got fed up with me, he let me take the boat out on my own. I didn’t even have to leave a deposit. I only had to bring her back fueled and oiled and ready to go the next day. He was happy. I ended up paying him more than what he’d have made on a fishing charter on a daily basis.
It was worth it for my piece of mind.
It was worth every long, sunny, hot and windy day just to be out on the water. It took me only a few days of despair before I realized I was on a wild goose chase. I began to give up the search earlier and earlier in the day to beat a hasty retreat to the bar.
I knew too that the longer I dragged out the search, the less likely I’d get a meaningful result. What was left of the body would have drifted far away, driven by currents and the wind once it surfaced. Even so, I checked the shoreline, north and south, multiple times.
By then, beginning to run low on cash, I surrendered the rental car and began walking. I could spend more time in the bar, and not be worried about the consequences, such as they were in Mexico.
It took a couple or three months before I realized I should probably sober up and get a life. By then, I had less than two grand in my pocket for walking-around money. It was leftovers from the wad of cash Kara’s sister, Erica had brought me.
Allie. She was the one that sent the money. She talked Erica into delivering it, because she knew I’d never accept it from her.
At the end of it all, when I finally called it quits in desperate frustration, I called Erica to give her a report. She took me at my word, difficult as I knew it would be for her. She thanked me. That was the last time she had anything to do with me.
It was done. I made one last call to my old friend, Robert George. I’d saved him from a murder rap with a bit of good fortune and a video camera during a murder investigation. His gratitude had included offering me a long-deserved vaycay at his small resort hotel island off the coast of Florida.
Back then, I’d accepted, briefly, and then gave it up. Sober now, I begged for another chance. He took pity on me. He had heard how my adventure with my new and pregnant wife had ended. He was happy to offer me the resort’s security job, since he knew my capabilities. Wanting the change, I was happy to accept.
From a big city detective with a good record, to being a house dick in a resort hotel. That was me, all right. How the mighty fell.
I wasn’t so happy, but what the hell, they say a change is as good as a rest. I took all of them—whoever they were—up on it. I sobered up long enough to shave off the beard and slap down the cash for a bus ticket north to the border in Tj. I walked across with only my ID and a passport and what was left of the wad of cash.
By the time I cabbed it to the airport in San Diego, I had a new suit, half a dozen ties, fresh underwear, new socks, and a bag to carry all of my worldly belongings. The TSA must have been happy, too. They waved me through with barely a glance and a hands-up walking through the detector.
The walking-around money I had in my pocket was just about done by the time I showed up at the island resort on the Caravan charter from the mainland.
It had been a long time coming, but I was finally somewhere I needed to be. Now all I had to do was to find some relief from Kara and the explosion that followed me everywhere. All I wanted was closure. How difficult could it be?
Yet here I was, into it again, through no fault of my own.


I walked across the border into Tj. Immediately, the character of the place surrounded me. Hawkers, bars, taco joints, military patrols by masked Federales, the smells, the dust, the sticky heat, the atmosphere. All of it contributed to an immediate change in my demeanor. It was as though I had been transported into a drug-fueled nightmare of people and circumstance.
And I was just happy to be here.
I needed a vehicle. I hailed a cab and allowed the driver to lead me to a renta de autos. I pushed open the door and the cowbell clanked. A young woman behind the counter nonchalantly cast an uninterested gaze in my direction. I must have looked like I didn’t deserve her attention. She went back to reading her book. I managed a quick look at the cover before she put it down with a sigh. No Way Out. I’d heard of it. Something about a biker and a dancer and drugs.
I asked for the worst vehicle she had. The girl looked at me like I was crazy. Her attitude changed when she must have realized that she had a live one. She led me outside to the ugliest car I’d ever seen. Dented. Rusted. Broken headlights. You name it, this thing had it all going on.
Reliable, she called it.
Probably, I admitted. It would fit in with all the other cars on the road at night with no lights.
—Exactly, señor.
She explained it had to be reliable, otherwise it wouldn’t still be on the lot in such a manner of disrepair. When I raised an eyebrow in her direction, now that she was out from behind the counter, I took her in all at once. The woman wasn’t a disappointment to look at.
She smiled, and I saw her perfect white teeth for the first time. Brown eyes and dark hair and that perfect smile took over, and I was forced to agree. The car was definitely on its last legs.
Her legs, on the other hand, were fairly new and most definitely shapely in the short, filmy skirt that barely kept them covered to mid-thigh. When it fluttered in the warmth of the slight breeze, it didn’t help my ability to say no.
Her English was almost better than mine. I took a chance and asked if she might like to have a part-time job as a translator for a week.
—Just so you know. We’ll be looking for a missing underage teenager. Her name is Keely. She’s been gone for a week. The Federales think she’s been spotted in Ensenada. The girl is familiar with the city. She’s traveled there with her parents a number of times to the desert races.
She looked me up and down and sideways. She took the time to make sure I had signed the paperwork for the beater before saying Si. Then she searched frantically through the keys, as though afraid I might leave before taking the car—and her—with me.
—Are you coming with me or not?
Her eyes narrowed. She gave me another long look. I couldn’t blame her. Whatever test she had me take, I must have passed with flying colors.
—I’m not riding in that piece of shit you rented.
She hurriedly wrote out a note. I tried to read it over her shoulder, but she twisted out of the way and blocked my view. I went back to checking out her long, shapely legs.
She finished writing the note. Taped it to the door before locking it behind her. Took a quick look at the keys in her hand before herding me to a brand-new four-door mini. She tossed a sheaf of papers and a map onto the passenger seat.
Over the roof, I glanced at her with a questioning look.
—Upgrade. I’ll be driving.
—Won’t you need some luggage?
She ignored me and slipped across the seat to twist into the driver’s side. Through the side window, she revealed the rest of her gorgeous thighs in the process. From now on, no would never be a word in my vocabulary.
She almost left without me in her haste to get away.
—Get in. Get in. I have to stop to pick up some clothes. Do you have enough cash, or do I have to take you to a banco?
She didn’t wait for an answer. The minute I hurried to sit down she wheeled us down streets and back alleys in her haste to get home. Perhaps she thought I’d change my mind before she got us there.
—You can slow down. You’re already hired.
She stomped on the brakes, slammed the car into park, and leaped out.
—You’re going to have to come in with me. What’s your name?
I introduced myself and learned her name was Pilar.
—That’s a pretty name.
She raised an eyebrow and looked at me with a sidelong glance.
—I’m not some chunga with no eyebrows.
Her hands on her hips said it best.
—Of course you aren’t. I knew that right away.
She continued to regard me with suspicion. Funny how that didn’t matter when we were in the renta office.
—There’s no chance. I don’t even know you.
—I’m looking for a translator. Nothing more. That you’re attractive doesn’t matter in the slightest.
She sighed. I had no idea why.
—Come on. I’m going to have to introduce you to my abuelita. I will need my grandmother’s permission for this mission of yours. Whatever it is.
She wheeled around. Her skirt billowed. She caught me looking and used both hands in an attempt to get it under control. She gave up and treated me to a second view of the back of her thighs.
Pilar spent more than a few minutes explaining to her grandmother why she should be permitted to accompany a stranger on his search for a missing girl. She pointed. She gestured. She spoke too fast to make any sense to me.
She even forced a tear to run down her cheek.
I thought I could make out something about a sister, and missing, and not in Tijuana, but I wasn’t sure. I never was any good in Spanish class.
Just like I never learned to swim.
Grandma cast the evil eye in my direction more than a few times. It was obvious she cared a great deal about her granddaughter. She didn’t want her hooking up with some gringo who would no doubt lead her astray to a life of drugs and sin in a Mexican whorehouse. She probably thought that when I tired of her granddaughter, I’d end up slicing her throat when she started to look old.
Eventually, it appeared as though Pilar had calmed the old woman’s concerns. While grandma waited at the staircase, wringing her hands and casting sidelong glances my way, Pilar cursed her way through packing her bag. I got to meet three of her sisters, and they all looked just as stunning as Pilar. Their English was just as good, too.
Pilar’s cursing went on and on. I shouted up the stairs.
—We’re only going to be three or four days. A week at most.
—Ay, caramba.
And then she clomped, heavy-footed, down the stairs. The enormous bag dragging behind her bounced down every step. I picked it up and headed for the door, but not before almost getting a hernia. Grandma gave me a smile and a hug. She kept on nodding. It looked to me as though she was wishing her granddaughter well as she followed us out the door.
—What did you tell her?
—That we are going on our honeymoon.
—Are you sure that was a good idea? How are you going to explain it to her when you show up without me?
—Desaparecido. Disappeared.
She started to explain, but I held up my hand. I already knew what it meant. I moved on to silently wonder why Pilar had agreed to accompany me so easily and so hastily.
She had to be leaving something out, and it was leaving me just a little uneasy.


I had remained relatively happy in my job at the resort hotel. I say relatively because I still had resolved none of my doubts or feelings about Kara and the explosion on board our sloop. In fact, I started to think that there were a couple of things that I hadn’t been able to resolve to my satisfaction.
Foremost was the diving equipment that I had retrieved. At first, it had appeared as though the rebreather had only washed ashore. But there was nothing else with it. No pieces of the sloop. No clothes. No nothing.
There was a problem with that, as I saw it. My instincts, dulled by grief, couldn’t be forced to figure it out. So instead, before even thinking about it, I cut off the mouthpiece and stored it away in a plastic bag for future reference. I had no idea why. I just did it.
I had almost walked back to where it washed ashore when I discovered the trail that was almost a road. It looked as though a dirt bike had traveled up and down at least once. What that meant, I had no idea.
I put away my doubts and settled in at the resort with a renewed vigor. The single tower I had visited years ago was now a series of towers, linked by elevated walkways. It had become a resort complex. Sold as a destination, it was a popular one.
It wasn’t a hard job to get a handle on. Mostly I intervened in thefts, usually by staff. Occasionally, small-time hoods ended up at the resort, thinking they could steal or blackmail their way to an easy living. They ended up carted away by boat to the mainland.
Loud couple arguments, drunken brawls in bridal parties between friends and lovers of the betrothed, bar fights, staff misadventures—they all took too much of my time at what had become a huge resort hotel complex. So did temporarily lost children.
My own problems slowly faded into the background, to be retrieved when I felt more than a little sorry for myself. That didn’t come often as time put more and more distance between past and my present.
There were plenty of opportunities for female company presenting themselves in the form of staff. I kept away from the full-time girls and instead concentrated on the part-timers that arrived during peak season. They were younger and only temporary. Seldom would one make the decision to commit long term, and I was mostly glad of that, because occasionally one would turn out to be more than tempting.
Warren, the dive instructor and wharf rat, was still there, too. We renewed our acquaintance, often ending up partying with some of the single female guests around a bonfire away from the resort beach-front. It suited me perfectly.
Eventually, the staff left me to my own devices. I tripped over one only sporadically when I was assured that it meant nothing more than comfort, with enthusiasm quickly assuaged. Hell, I was only human. An attractive woman with long legs and the rest of a body that matched kept me interested if she was more than willing.
Even so, in the back of my mind, I was left to wonder what might have been if Kara and I had been given a proper chance.
I didn’t like to admit it, but all of that was why I jumped on the Caravan and headed to the mainland airport. I hoped I’d get a chance for closure by returning to the scene of the explosion that had changed my life forever.
The up-front money wasn’t so bad, either.

* * *

PILAR DIDN’T WASTE daylight getting us to Ensenada. Her lead foot had me hanging on more than I wanted to, but she seemed to be a good driver, for the most part. She caught me checking her out more than a few times, but she ignored me and turned up the volume on the radio. Women. You can't live with them, and you sure as hell can't live without them when you need a translator on the Baja.
By the time I had her pull up at the Mexican Armada station, it was barely three in the afternoon. Judging by the impatient look she gave me, either she didn’t want to spend any more time with me than was absolutely necessary, or she was hoping she could ditch me to take off with the car for a night on the town.
—You should probably wait here, Pilar. I have some personal business to attend to.
Like every other woman in my life, she didn’t listen. Stubborn as the rest of them, she walked with me to the office. The sympathetic coast guard Federale remembered me. He stood up to shake hands.
Pilar remained in the hallway, and that was all right by me. Perhaps she thought she might be needed for translation duty.
The Federale handed me a coffee and I forgot about Pilar. Like all women who were vaguely inquisitive, she waited patiently with her back leaning against the door into the office. Out of sight, out of mind.
We began in English by discussing the accident and my months-long quest to find Kara’s pregnant body two years ago. Pilar loudly drew in her breath and collapsed against the door for support. The door banged against the wall. I checked to see if she was all right. Her mouth was open, but if she was trying to say something, I couldn’t tell.
She never moved again until the discussion ended. She mustered a weak madre m“a. The coast guard official overheard her. He looked around me and stared at the girl.
—Who is your friend, señor?
I grinned while attempting a feeble excuse for a joke and an explanation.
—She’s my translator and fiancé.
Behind me, Pilar cleared her throat. I didn’t have to look to know her eyes would be boring their way through the back of my head.
—Pilar had to tell her abuelita that we were about to get married before the old woman would let her go with me.
—In that case, be careful.
He grinned, looked at the girl, and then back at me. He sighed.
—Your translator looks to me like she could be una niña problemática.
Trouble. I nodded hastily in agreement. If the way she’d switched out cars and raced us to Ensenada was any indication, Pilar could easily fit that bill. I had a last question for the Federale.
—Is the man with the panga for rent still around? He cut me a pretty good deal the last time.
—César? Yes, he is still there. He mentions you from time to time.
He looked at Pilar.
—Remember what I said, señor. She likes you already.
She gave the man a dirty look. For once, it was someone else's turn.
—Gracias. Come, Pilar, it’s time.
—Si, Santiago.
Once we were out of the building, she took my hand as we walked to the car.
—I’m no saint. Just call me Jim.
—Bueno saberlo. Good to know. Si, Jeem.
She had me with that and her accent and the wind blowing her longish dark hair into her brown eyes and across her beautiful skin. The wide, hesitant smile didn’t hurt, either. I opened the passenger door.
—There’s something I need to tell you, Jeem.
I didn’t ask. Perhaps it was a mistake, but I figured I’d get a long story about a boyfriend or unrequited love and poetry in half Mexican and a quarter English.
Pilar stayed silent the entire time while I concentrated on getting us to the beach south of the city. It was familiar ground, but it had been a while. It had been my hangout for months nearly two years ago.
I stopped the car on the beach, yards from the hut. By then old memories had replaced any thought of asking Pilar what she wanted to tell me. I glanced at her, thinking that the clothes she was wearing wouldn’t do for a trip on the panga.
—You should probably change into a pair of shorts, at least.
—Get me my bag, señor Jim.
By the time I opened the trunk and opened her bag, she had her shoes and skirt off and was waiting.
—Look near the bottom. I brought two of everything.
I fumbled until I found them. I held out both and watched intently as she wrestled herself into her choice in the front seat. It never occurred to me to look anywhere else.
She grinned, obviously pleased.
—You like, si?
—Si. Muchísimo.
I liked a lot.
—Your Mexican is not so bad. At least, not if you want to talk to the girls.
—I’d rather talk to a woman.
She blushed. We studied one another, each seeming to size up the other. It was too late for me. I was already smitten by this woman. I wished I had taken the time to let her tell me what it was she wanted. I shrugged and figured there’d be plenty of time in the next week.
—Bueno. Vamanos, señor Jim. Let us go.


César shook my hand and cast his wandering eyes up and down the lovely Pilar. She stood her ground and took it, although I suspected she was biting her tongue for my sake. I introduced her formally, and she seemed to mellow out just a little.
The three of us pushed out the panga. I helped Pilar board and handed her a life jacket. She dropped it on the seat.
—We’re not going anywhere until you put it on.
She put it on, but I don’t think she liked to be ordered.
I steered the panga across the sea toward where I had last seen the sailboat Saskia with Kara on board. I knew there wouldn’t be anything to see. I only wanted to have some time with my thoughts and memories. I hoped to get a measure of closure, finally.
Pilar stood beside me as we cruised across the ocean. Her long hair flew in the wind. She tried to hold it down, but it proved impossible. Eventually, she gave up and smiled when she caught me looking at her. My only thought was how it could be that a woman could be so beautiful.
The bow of the panga began slapping against the chop. Pilar grabbed onto me. After the third or fourth time, she didn’t let go. My arm went around her, and we cruised the entire way, linked as though the past had affected us both.
I throttled back when my sightline to shore told me I was getting close to where the sloop had gone down.
—Here?
—Si.
I made a half-hearted attempt at explaining what had happened. My voice wavered. Eventually, I had to stop. There was no sense in going on. I couldn’t, anyway. Pilar tightened her grip on me.
—It’s all right. I am with you now. If you want, we can talk about it later, Santiago. Perhaps tonight when we are ashore.
I didn’t answer. I didn’t know if I’d be able to even then.
—Tomorrow when we have more time we’ll come back and cruise up and down the shore. I can show you where I found the diving gear a bit to the north. I want to look there again.
—Si. Mañana. Tomorrow.
Her voice softened, as though trying to comfort me. Her lips touched my ear.
—Mañana.
Pilar’s arms didn’t budge. She surrounded me and kept me against her the entire way back to the beach. I figured she was nervous from the slapping and banging the panga was doing in the chop as we made for shore.
—You can let go. You’re safe.
She shook her head and held me tighter. My arm went around her. I never thought about it as I tightened my own grip.
We cruised to the beach, still holding on to one another, reluctant to let go. I wasn’t sure by now just who was supporting who, but I surely did appreciate her care with me.
I started to help her out of the panga, but she beat me to it. She climbed over the gunnel and leaped ashore.
—You’re good compañía, sailor. Gracias, Pilar.
—De nada, Jim. That was my first time. Mañana será otro día. Tomorrow is another day. I will do better en la mañana. Tomorrow.


I handed the car keys over to Pilar and allowed her to take us back to the city. It was getting on to evening by the time we got downtown. We turned off the aveneda Reforma onto the malecón and parked.
I dug out the photo of Keely and we walked up and back on the malecón, stopping at the vendors to ask if they had seen her. We got lucky when one recognized her as one who came by for tacos from time to time. He told Pilar about a park the gringo teenagers hung out in and gave her directions.
—Vamanos, Jeem. For sure we can arrive there before dark.
The sun was long down by the time we found the park. We managed a quick walk, circling the outskirts. We showed Keely’s photo to a select few under the two working street lights. No one appeared to recognize her.
It was obvious we were alerting the locals to the fact that we were looking for a runaway. We’d have to return tomorrow. I was certain Keely would fly the coop when she learned someone was looking for her.
We arrived at the hotel late. Pilar could barely keep her eyes open, and I wasn’t far behind. The long day beginning in Tijuana followed by the time spent on the ocean had exhausted both of us. The sunburned arms and legs didn’t help.
—I’m sorry I kept you out so late. I’ll try to do better tomorrow.
—It’s all right.
She took my hand.
—It had to be that way.
I arranged for two rooms on check-in.
—Yours is right across the hall from mine. Take a look to see if it’s all right.
It must have been. She came back without her bag.
—We’ll go to eat a little later, all right? I want to have a bit of a rest and a shower.
We parted company in the hallway. I slipped the key into the door, closed it behind me, and crashed on the bed. Reluctantly, I got up, showered, and fell back down to sleep the sleep of the dead.
The constant knocking brought me out of my sleep stupor. I struggled to get up and open the door. Pilar appeared like a vision with a tray of food and beer. She had changed out of her shorts into a filmy skirt and a sheer blouse.
—You already know I’m going to look, don’t you?
I didn’t make a secret of it. She didn’t seem to mind, but she blushed anyway.
—If I didn’t want you to, I wouldn’t let you. Now sit back and eat.
She sat beside me, drew up her legs, and curled them beneath her. She spooned sugar into the coffee. I unwrapped the picnic she had taken the time to bring me.
—How could you have known?
The power of the fish tacos took over. I didn’t even offer her a bite before I gulped down two.
—All right, it’s your turn now. I’m done.
She smiled and shook her head. I leaned back against the wall.
—I should have got more.
—No, you shouldn’t. You did just right. Now come on. Your turn.
I unwrapped a taco and held it out for her. She took my hand and leaned in to take a bite. I had a clear view of the gentle vee between her breasts through the opening.
—You should button up. You’re with a man who hasn’t been with a woman for a while.
She ignored me. I wondered why I even told her.
—We’ll see.
I wasn’t expecting that. I thought nothing of it. I was too tired to look any more.
—I should go and let you sleep for now.
—Por favor, señorita.


I woke with a start. Pilar was looking at me in the early morning light. She was dressed and made up as though ready to go to work. To say the least, I was impressed. A bit of lip gloss and what looked to be not much else went a long way with this woman.
—Hola la bonita. Qué hora? Hello beautiful. What time is it?
She blushed like the beautiful woman she was who didn’t waste time thinking that way.
—Almost noon. I brought you breakfast.
Pilar set the tray on the bed and undressed. My jaw dropped. She hesitated before joining me.
—I see you are hungry for more than the breakfast I brought for you.
—What else did you bring?
Naked, she put a hand on a hip and posed as much for me as for herself. I already knew she wasn’t so innocent. A forearm covered her breasts as she turned and stopped and turned again. She allowed her forearm to fall to her hips to match the other. It left her breasts and everything else exposed. She was proud of her body, and well she should be.
—Is that enough for you? After all, you got to see all of me last night, too.
—La bonita. Beautiful one. Come to me.
She lowered her eyes.
—You’re making me blush.
—Si. I think I like to make you blush. And I think you like it when I do.
She smiled and climbed into bed beside me and smiled once more.
—We will make love again. But you must eat first.
We made love first. Then I ate, and we made love, and we made love again, and for a while I forgot all about my reasons for being here. Beside me, close beside me, Pilar sighed and pressed herself tight against me.
Reality intruded. As much as I didn’t want it to, it was time for us to go.
—Later today when we get to the park, I think it should be you who goes to look for the girl. I should probably wait in the car.
—You are right. If someone told the girl a man was looking for her, she might be frightened away.


The bow of the panga bounced through the swell on the open ocean. Pilar once again stood close beside me. This time, I knew it was where we both wanted to be.
—I’m glad you are taking me with you. I wouldn’t want you to be here alone.
—I want you here, too. After last night, I don’t think I could do it without you.
Once again, she turned beet-red, but by now I wasn’t so sure she was as innocent as she pretended.
—I’m giving you lots of practice at that, aren’t I?
—I do not mind. I like being with you.
I pulled the throttle back to idle and ran the panga onto the rocky beach. I helped Pilar out of the life vest she hadn’t wanted to wear yesterday. Hand in hand, we jumped ashore.
The trail I walked years ago had disappeared. A tangle of weeds and stunted brush replaced it. There was nothing of vehicles in the recent past, at least. Satisfied, I walked back to the beach and to Pilar.
—I don’t know what I expected. There’s nothing. I probably should have stayed away.
The matter of the diving equipment still bothered me. Why had it alone floated ashore, yet all the bits and pieces of the sloop had drifted away? Once I got back to the resort, I’d have a look for the mouthpiece I had put away. I determined to ask Allie if she knew someone who would do a DNA comparison against Erica, Kara’s sister.
All of a sudden, I had enough. I put it all out of my mind and walked back to the panga. I helped Pilar aboard and pushed us out to drift offshore.
I bid a silent goodbye before firing up the engine. Pilar sat with me. She took my arm in hers and held it. We cruised back to the beach, joined by our silence.

* * *

ONCE AGAIN IT WAS near twilight by the time I pulled César’s panga onto the sandy beach and helped a sunburned Pilar climb out.
—I’ll pick up some lotion for you on the way back to the hotel.
She smiled, so I went on.
—I’ll help out so you don’t miss any spots.
Even I knew I was being too obvious. Pilar raised an eyebrow in my direction before heading towards the car.
—I used to be such a good Catholic girl.
She hesitated, waiting.
—And then I came along?
—Si.
She stopped, faced me, and took my hands. I looked at her quizzically, expecting to hear a put-down.
—A los que saben esperar les pasan cosas buenas.
My Spanish wasn’t that good.
—No habla, señorita Pilar.
—Good things come to those who wait.
I couldn’t have had a bigger smile on my face than I did right then. Her smile was just as big as she turned back to the car. I gathered our belongings and placed them in the car and walked back to the shack with a spring in my step. I wanted to thank César and pay the bill for the final time.
A muffled scream got me out of the shack in a hurry. Two men were dragging Pilar across the sand toward a lime green van parked beside our car. She screamed again and got in a couple of kicks before a backhander quieted her. The men tossed her unceremoniously into the van. The sliding door slammed and the jacked-up van bounced along the rocky beach road in front of a cloud of dust and sand.
I had no idea who or how many were in the van. And I definitely had no idea why Pilar had been chosen to be a victim of a kidnapping. I raced to the car and followed the dust cloud to the main road. The van turned left towards the city. I followed at a respectable distance. I didn’t want to put pressure on anyone in the van to harm Pilar.
Dammit, but why was it that every woman I got to like was taken from me at the most inopportune time?
I had no time to ponder. By the time the van took me into the city, I lost it in a tangle of one-way streets, back alleys, and too much traffic jamming everything up. Pedestrians wandering aimlessly blocked me at every chance I had to gain on the van. I finally lost it for good in traffic.
I parked and unfolded Pilar’s map. If I was going to be lost, I might as well at least make an attempt at finding myself. I chuckled at my joke. If Pilar hadn’t been railroaded into that damned van, she’d be right beside me, shaking her head. I’d be getting a look like only she knew how to dish out.
I wondered if Pilar’s kidnapping had anything to do with Keely, the missing teen girl I had been hired to locate. The girl had met a boy while she was down here with her family attending the desert races. Obviously, she thought she was in love with him. She’d come back to see him. Maybe they even had dreams of playing house and getting married.
I knew how that went. My life was a mess because of my own dreams, and I wasn’t anywhere near being a teenager. I was a long way from it.
The girl had to have returned to see her boy. Except now, I was faced with two missing women and left to wonder if it had anything to do with prostitution or slavery. Both Pilar and Keely were attractive girls. Perhaps the pot had been stirred when Pilar and I started to ask around for Keely.
Could we have been spotted looking for the girl? Was someone trying to teach me I shouldn’t mess with the locals? Pimps and slavers could be ruthless in pursuit of their woman. There was no way they’d permit anyone or anything to come between them and the women that would interrupt the cash flow.
That drugs could be involved as well had me thinking the worst. If Keely or Pilar or both got hooked- It was too soon for that, but if it went on for any length of time-
If Keely had become a part of their operation, then it could mean that they were going after Pilar for the same purpose.
I stopped thinking. It was time to act. I located the park on the map. I kept my eyes open for anything that was lime green. I wasn’t hopeful. The van could be stashed in a parkade or hidden in someone’s garage by now.
What really had me on edge was what might happen to Pilar. I tried not to think that another woman I cared for and who obviously cared for and trusted me had been disappeared, all because she was seen hanging around with a gringo.
Desaparecido, she had called it. Now I knew it first hand. And I was worried. Most of the desaparecidos ended up dead, beheaded, and deposited in a lime pit to be covered in dirt.
Mexican style, they called it. Cut up and parted out.
It didn't take a rocket scientist to figure out what might happen to Pilar if she didn’t cooperate with whoever was holding her. I already knew life was cheap in this part of the world. All anyone had to do was watch a border news report to find out just how cheap.
On the other hand, Pilar was a beautiful young woman, and that was just as scary. Headstrong, too. That might not be in her favor if push came to shove. The woman was a tiger, just waiting for a fight. That we hadn’t ended up fighting was only because we had become lovers. I would hate to see the results of someone trying to force her to do something she didn’t want to do.
I pulled the car around, out of sight of the park, got out, and made my way on foot.


There wasn’t much to see in the growing darkness. Last night’s lights had been shot out, only to make it worse. I wondered if that resulted from Pilar and the inquiries we made. I could hear faint voices in the shadows. Little else interested me.
I approached cautiously, on guard for anything and ready for nothing. I spotted her. Keely. She was there. Getting out of a white van in the parking lot. I whispered her name, so as not to alert anyone close by. I followed as she led me deeper into the darkened park. She stopped, hesitated, and looked around before continuing. I wondered if she knew I was there, following her.
—Keely.
She must have heard me. She halted mid-step and turned again. Had she heard me? I had to try.
—Keely. Your parents sent me to find you.
Nothing. Not a word.
—I want to help you. Are you all right?
She didn’t move. She looked off into the bushes at my side. I reacted too late. Three men jumped on me. I fell to the ground, kicking, trying to punch, out-manned and finally overpowered.
I wrapped my arms around my head in a useless attempt at protecting it. My kidneys ended up taking the brunt of the attack. I’d be pissing blood into the foreseeable future. On the plus side, my face would be its handsome self if I was lucky.
I didn’t feel so lucky.
I stayed on the ground, waiting for more. In my past life, I learned that getting up too soon after an ass-kicking only meant more of the same. I moaned and groaned. I didn’t have to act out.
A voice out of nowhere told me to get out of town and go back to where I came from.
—You will have no success in your quest, señor Jim.
He said the last with a sneer, as only a local could. Obviously, Pilar had told them something. I hoped she hadn’t been harmed in the process.
I listened for more. There was nothing. Retreating steps followed by slamming doors and screeching tires said the van was on its way out of the park.
The task I gave myself was a simple one. All I had to do was make my way to the car. Once there, I’d get in and drive to the hotel. If I could have mugged a senior citizen for a cane or a walker, I’d have been a lot happier. I also would have arrived at the car a lot sooner.
I stretched out an arm to reach for the door. I groaned and tried to ease it open. I broke into a sweat, defeated, angry, worried. It wasn’t my first day at the rodeo. How on earth could I have let myself get taken by surprise?
The act of getting my sore and tired, aching body into the car exhausted me. I hunched over the wheel and struggled to shift the automatic into drive. I silently thanked Pilar for the upgrade. Wrestling with a manual shift in my situation would be a disaster.
I didn’t drive right to the hotel. Instead, I made my way south, back the way I had come. I didn’t stop until I arrived at the beach. In agony, I pushed open the car door with my elbow. I struggled to get my feet out of the car, and when I finally did, I tried to stand. Unsteady and in pain, I made my way towards César’s shack. If I could have gotten down on my hands and knees, I’d have crawled.
—Señor Jim. What happened? Did you find Pilar?
—I was mugged. Pilar has been kidnapped. I couldn’t get to her in time.
I figured I’d paid César enough in the past that he could afford to do me one more favor, at least.
—I need something, César. I need to know if you can help me.


I gave César the short version of why I was here with Pilar. I explained I had been hired to search for a runaway girl by her family in America. He listened patiently as told him about my mugging in the park.
—I need a handgun, César.
He studied me for a long while before he spoke.
—You look to me like a man who knows how to use one.
I ignored him.
—You know firearms are illegal in Mexico.
—If you mean outlawed to everyone but cartel killers, then yes, I’m aware. Can you help me, or not? I’m willing to pay.
I think he must have known not to argue me out of it. He opened a beer and handed it to me. I eyed the bottle of tequila and he put that on the table, too.
—I might be a while. Wait here.
—Make it an automatic if you can. With at least two mags. Full.
—No problemo.
César disappeared for what seemed like forever. I entertained myself with beer and tequila. He returned in the company of a short, rotund woman bearing a smile and a high-pitched voice.
—Reacomodarse en el ascent.
I blinked and looked up at César and the woman. I must have fallen over. I recognized her from somewhere— oh, right. She was his wife.
—Sit up, Jim. My wife wants to work on you.
I groaned. I tried to sit up. I gave up. Eventually, the two of them managed to get me squared around. I tried not to protest too much.
César produced another bottle of tequila. Mamasita cut off my shirt. In no time, I was shitfaced, taped, and ready to drive back to town. He put the handgun and the mags on the table. I traded him for cash.
—Gracias, César. Mucho gracias. If I get the chance, I’ll return it.
I nodded my thanks to Mama, and she grinned and nodded back.
—Perhaps not a good idea if you shoot someone, señor Jim.
—No problemo. I understand.
César helped me get up on my feet. I stumbled my way to the car on my own. I wasn’t even halfway to the hotel before I began seeing double. I weaved from one side of the road to the other. I felt like a local cruising the boulevard in my rental. All I needed was some air shocks to jack up the back end.
Out in front of the hotel, I bumped up on the curb, shifted into park, and stumbled up the staircase to the deserted room.
Pilar’s bag lay open on the dresser. Her clothes and makeup remained just as she left them. I marveled at the scent of her perfume lingering in the air. I didn't feel much like climbing into the empty bed we had too happily shared and made love in only hours before.
Drunk, sore and exhausted, I collapsed onto it anyway.


Hours later, I popped a couple of the painkillers César’s wife had provided. While I waited for them to kick in, I acted on the urge to look through Pilar’s belongings. Maybe I wanted any excuse to look through her things. Maybe I wanted to delay walking out into the blinding sunlight with my bruised and aching body for just a little longer.
Now I knew why she had cursed while she busied herself packing. Her bag was jammed full of clothes and only a bit of makeup that she didn’t need. I rustled through it, searching for, I don’t know, whatever I was searching for.
At the very bottom of the bag, my fingers tripped over something. I pulled out a manila envelope stuffed with papers and newspaper clippings. My Mexican wasn’t so bad that I couldn’t recognize a grainy newspaper photo of Pilar’s grandmother. The caption mentioned one of her granddaughters. Amalia had disappeared only months before, according to the date at the top of the page.
Ensenada figured prominently in a paragraph of the story, along with a picture of the missing girl. She looked to be a younger version of Pilar and just as pretty.
It all came together. When I asked Pilar whether she wanted a translating job, she must have figured she’d use me to get to Ensenada and begin the search for her missing sister. I wondered if seducing me had anything to do with her plan.
I no longer knew what or who to believe. Pilar had her own agenda. I saw that now. I had been taken for a sucker yet again. Why she chose not to tell me, I could only imagine. Perhaps she thought I would say no.
The painkillers began kicking in. I pocketed the grainy newspaper photo and slipped the automatic into the small of my back., and groaned with the effort. I hoped that whoever tried to convince me to leave town wouldn’t think that I’d have reason to stay.
This time, when I tripped over my muggers, I’d be more than ready. All I had to do was reach behind my back for the handgun.
Piece of cake, if my arm wasn’t completely useless by then.

* * *

I TOOK MY CHANCES making my way slowly along the malecón. Thanks to César’s wife and her roll of tape, I could walk and move in relative comfort—as long as I didn’t try to hopscotch.
With Pilar missing, I changed out Keely’s photo for that of the missing sister, Amelia. Surely someone recognized her. I ended up with the same results Pilar had the night before with Keely’s photo on her own walk along the malecón.
Few would look at the photo, and even fewer would talk to me. Still, the park where I had taken the beating came up. One took time to explain in better English that the park was a known hangout for runaways and others. I didn’t ask what others meant. Last night’s beating clued me in to that.
It was still light, far too early to head to the park. To kill time, I took up residence on a bench beside a taquería. It smelled too good to be true the first time I had walked past. I settled in with two and two—two tacos and two Pacificos to wash them down. I was thinking my kidneys needed the flushing.
When I finished, I was feeling pretty good about the way my day had gone so far. I knew it was the beer and the drugs talking. I made some small talk with the vendor. We shared a couple of laughs about white-legged gringos. When I figured I had broken the ice, I asked about what went on in the park.
He lowered his voice, and we spoke conspiratorially. It didn’t surprise me to learn prostitution was a part of it. Drugs. Firearms. The usual. She was happy to inform me that runaways also frequented the place, led there by men they encountered-boyfriends, lovers, other miscreants.
I suggested I wanted to set up residence on the outskirts to look for the two missing women. She suggested I park the car and wait. Something would no doubt begin around twilight and go on from there as long as it stayed dark.
I tipped her, and she wished me good luck. I couldn’t help notice that she shook her head, too. Either my tip was too little, or my prospects of surviving an encounter in the park were slim to none.
It was still too early. I headed back to the hotel, arranged the chairs to get comfortable, and took a seat. Eventually, sitting up to avoid the pain as best I could, I dozed off.
My dream had just begun to work its way towards including Pilar when the door burst open. My head snapped up. This time, I was ready. My hand closed on the automatic. I got it aimed at the door before my eyes opened.
The probes from the tazer bounced off mamasita’s tape job. Whoever had tried to get at me missed. I got off a single round. It smashed into the door frame. Splinters and too much dust scattered. Footsteps running down the hall and Mexican cursing were all I could make out.
The bandito had disappeared. I was too bent out of shape from the beating to care. They missed. That was all that mattered. That, and who the hell thought I might be a threat?
All I wanted was three women. Either they were concerned that it was three too many, or worried it would balloon into half a dozen or more.


My mission in the park had definitely ruffled someone’s feathers. I didn’t wait around for their backup team to show. There was no way I was staying another night in this dump without Pilar, either. I popped two more of the painkillers and remembered to thank César’s wife. I groaned under the weight of Pilar’s luggage all the way to the front desk.
I rattled the desk clerk to see what I could get out of him. It didn’t go well. He declined to speak English, and my fractured Spanglish didn’t help my efforts in the slightest. He shook his head and shrugged his shoulders, and I was resigned to checking out.
I grunted my way through loading the suitcases into the back of the rental. I checked the map again, and in ten minutes I was pulling into a parking spot on the street that allowed me to surveil the entrance to the park’s parking lot.
The park began clearing out the minute it started to get dark. The few streetlights I spotted last night were now disabled, probably shot out to keep prying eyes from witnessing too much. This was the place I needed to be.
A lime-green van idled slowly past my car. I recognized it immediately. I wheezed and crouched down and watched it pull into the walkway into the park, completely oblivious to the no vehicles sign. That I had the right place was confirmed yet again.
Just to be on the safe side, I popped another of Mamasita’s wonderful painkillers. The problem was going to be staying awake for the main event.
I waited, impatient for full-on dark. When I figured it wouldn’t get any blacker, I tested the waters by opening the door and stepping out. It didn't feel so bad, thanks to yet another painkiller to dull the ache. I was committed to finding Pilar or die trying. An added bonus would be to get a line on the runaway the girl’s parents had hired me to locate. If I ended up two for two, I’d be ecstatic.
Through the fog of Mamasita’s painkillers, I remembered something else. Pilar’s sister. Amelia. What were the odds she’d end up part of the deal? They had to be pretty good. I couldn’t let it overwhelm me. If I found one, I would find them all.
If last night’s beating thanks to Keely didn’t tell me anything, whoever broke into my room left a pretty good impression. I had to be headed down the right track, and that track led through the park.
I pretended to stroll around like a lost gringo. I located the van parked out of sight behind a clump of bushes. Music blared from the open doors. The interior lighting was dim and not bright enough to make anything out. That van had to be a real party wagon.
I got as close as I dared, careful not to announce my presence. I couldn’t get a good look inside the dark interior. A second van approached. I stretched out in the dirt. I crawled on my hands and knees to the edge of the clearing. Low bushes obscured part of my view.
No pain, no gain, and I wasn’t feeling it. I could thank César’s wife for that.
Three women were together on a bench. Two of them nattered back and forth so fast that I couldn’t understand a word they said. Sisters. I knew that before I got a look at their faces. The third had to be Keely. I could only hope.
All I had to do was get to them, convince Keely I was a friend with her best interests at heart, and get all of them to the car.
No problemo.
That the sisters were talking with Keely like long-lost friends set alarm bells ringing. The girl was obviously fluent in Spanish, too. Could Pilar and her sister be attempting to set Keely up before the kidnappers hauled her off with the rest of them?


Pilar spotted me first. I watched, relieved, as she whispered something to the woman who had to be her sister. They pretended to ignore me and started in on the girl who gave me up to the beating last night.
I didn’t have any illusions. I figured Keely would be the last to welcome me into the fold.
I couldn't believe my good fortune when I discovered that none of the women were bound. They were free to roam. Unless Keely had a weapon, I’d be home free. Already I had an image in my head of the four of us racing out of the park in the car.
The second van let out two men, one with a briefcase. He popped it to show whatever was in it to someone in the lime green number. This was my chance to get the women out.
Everyone was concentrated on the money shot. I raced for the van like a man who’d taken a beating. The keys had to be in the ignition if I was going to get our asses out of here. I took my time flipping visors and looking under floor mats. In the end, the ashtray turned out to be the hiding place of choice.
I started the van, slammed it into drive, and wheeled around to crash through the playground and more than a few plastic benches on my way to Pilar and anyone else who wanted to come along for the ride. My mission was short-lived.
Automatic fire took out both rear tires. An AK, by the sound of it. And aimed in my direction. Rapid-fire lead shredded the back door. I kept on playing oblivious to the obvious.
To put it another way, I was in deep shit.
I got to the girls. They grabbed Keely, tossed her through the sliding door, and followed close behind.
Pilar climbed over into the front seat.
—Your sister.
—Si. Amelia.
—Will she be able to handle Keely.
—Oh, si. No problema, señor Jim.
The black eye stood out like a bruised peach.
—Mamacita, qué buena estás. You’re hot with that bruise. When did that happen?
—Keely wouldn’t listen to us. She didn’t understand that we were serious. When she slugged me, she took me by surprise.
I grinned. Pilar took my hand, and we crashed out of the park.
—We are even, though. She had to have two black eyes. Now she understands.
I grinned as we rumbled down the street on two shot out rear tires. Sparks flew in the dark. I screeched to a halt beside the rental.
—The keys are in the car. Stay as close to me as you can.
—Did you bring my clothes and makeup?
—Si, baby, but you’re pretty enough without makeup. Now stay close, okay?
—Bueno.


I couldn’t drive fast enough in the shot-up van to lose her. Pilar stayed on my bumper until the skinny rims wore down to the lug nuts. They gave out a couple of miles down the road. I grunted through helping her sister load Keely into the back of our rental. I groaned some more and got back behind the wheel.
—Are you hurt bad, Jeem? You look horrible.
—Thanks. I think. I know I look a lot worse than you. I took a beating in the park last night. That doesn’t matter. You’re safe now. That’s what matters.
I looked at her, and then back at the road. Despite the painkillers lulling me into a false sense of security, another problem occurred to me.
—We can’t cross the border with the girl. I don’t have her passport, and you don’t have yours, either.
—What are we going to do?
—I’ll call her parents and have them meet us in Tijuana. It’ll be their problem from there.
—Jeem.
—Si?
—Gracias.
She leaned over and kissed me on the cheek. Her black eye was impressive.
—You know your makeup won’t hide that thing, right?
She sighed.
—Si. Me sienta bien? Do I look all right?
—It doesn’t matter. You’re still beautiful and I think I love you.
She sighed again.
—Si, I love you, too, Jeem.
It was funny how she switched back and forth between Jeem and Jim, considering her English was pretty much just as good as mine.


Pilar gave me directions to her grandmother’s. The woman greeted us like the lost children we were. Why she included me after I had apparently seduced her daughter into marrying me, I didn’t know.
—Does she think I seduced you?
—Well, for certain I will not tell her I was the one who seduced you. I am a good and innocent granddaughter.
I got the distinct feeling that nothing mattered with grandma now that her missing granddaughter was home safe and sound.
Pilar tried to explain that we weren’t actually married. That didn’t seem to matter. Grandma hugged me and dragged me in to sit at the table. She cracked a bottle of tequila and we drank to a long, glorious, and happy life more than a few times.
Pilar shook her head.
—I think mi abuela likes you.
She looked worried when I went all serious on her.
—Will you come back with me?
—Back? Hacia donde?
—To my house. Si. Mi casa. To live with me.
—But I don’t have a passport. I cannot cross the border.
—Can you get one? I’ll come back for you.
—Oh Jeem. I don’t know-
She smiled, and I was hooked. Again.
—I have some time off coming. We could spend it together until you tire of me.
—Si. In that case, until I tire of you.
—Do I get to keep the upgrade until you decide?
—No. Por favor, I must return it tomorrow. I might not have a job. But I will ask about a discount on the other one you wanted.


I picked up another car. Pilar took pity on me and showed me around her favorite spots where she grew up in Tijuana. We took grandma around the city to visit some of her friends that time and age had kept from her. She appeared happy that I showed interest in her granddaughter, as her granddaughter did in me.
At least, I thought so. She smiled and introduced me to everyone. Pilar grinned and blushed and held my hand. I figured if she wasn’t going to marry me by now, there was no chance in hell she was going to apply for a passport.
Finally, we had to separate at the border. It was all I could do to turn away from her. It was the longest walk I took in a very long time. I thought about Kara and how continuing my search for her at this late date had turned out to be a dead end.
Of course it was. It had to be. There was nothing remaining for me to find. I doubled my pace to my side of the border.
I hoped Pilar wouldn’t have a long wait for her passport.


No Harbor


EVEN I HAD TO ADMIT things were going pretty well. I flew across to meet up with a happy Pilar and her family in Tijuana. Abuelita, grandma, was happy to see me again. Pilar brought out her brand new passport and waved it in front of me.
That was my cue. I dug into my pocket for the box and opened it with nervous, shaking fingers. I got down on both knees and plucked the ring out of the box. One knee was traditional. Two would be even better. At least, that was my thinking on the matter.
Grandma gasped. Pilar screamed. Her sisters screamed. They all jumped up and down. Abuelita grinned and winked at me. She fished a familiar bottle of tequila out of the same cupboard as she had months ago. I poured shots for two.
We drank and danced together in absolute happiness. For a while, I was the solitary dance partner to grandma and to all of Pilar’s gorgeous sisters.
I don’t know what time I ended up on the sofa in the living room. The next morning, accompanied by the entire family, Pilar and I proceeded to the church to make the arrangements.
A month later, after arranging for all the paperwork and the tests, we were married. The next day, with shiny new documents in hand, we boarded taxis to the border. While the family watched, Pilar and I strolled down the walkway to the corridor.
In five minutes, I was across. While I waited, Pilar followed with a minimum of fuss by the border guards. We jumped on the bus to the airport and boarded the flight east.
Six hours later, we touched down on the coast. Pillar checked in with her family. Her sisters and grandma were relentless over the speaker. Reluctantly, Pilar eventually ended the call. Tears rolled down both cheeks.
—Tears of happiness, I hope.
—Of course, Jeem. What else would they be?
Her voice took on a hint of nervousness. I could tell by the way she said my name. I couldn’t blame her for being upset. She had left her family behind, after all. I never let on. Best to keep at least one secret, I figured.
We took a taxi to meet up with the amphibious Caravan charter. Twenty minutes after loading luggage and boarding, the plane lifted off. Pillar’s wide eyes and nervous smile kept me grounded.
I held her hand to help her relax, just as I had on César’s panga during a time that seemed now to be so long ago.
Once she got her feet planted on the dock, Pilar took a look around. I kept a nervous eye on her, unsure of her reaction to what she was taking in. I hoped introducing her to Warren would help to calm her fears.
—Jeem?
It was the way she pronounced my name. She had that bit of accent in her voice when she was unsure.
—Si?
—Are we going to be sharing a room in a hotel?
It wasn’t what I expected. It scared me into acting fast. I didn’t want her to think we’d be spending our honeymoon in a shabby, twin-bed hotel room. Not that I would call the resort shabby, by any stretch, but maybe that was only me.
—Take off your shoes.
Pilar leaned on me and kicked them off.
—Now close those brown eyes that make me so happy.
I pulled the handkerchief out of my pocket and covered her eyes. I took her hand and led her towards the unseen bungalow just over the rise. Warren followed silently with the bags he had helped unload.
—I hope you won’t be too disappointed in our accommodations.
We reached the crest of the dune. I picked Pilar up and carried her the rest of the way to the patio and through the sliding door. Warren set down our bags. The grin on his face grew almost as huge as my own before he hurried to retrace his steps.
The blindfold came off.
—All right. You can open them now.
Pilar’s gasp and sharp intake of breath told me everything I wanted to know. Her wide smile and sparkling eyes added to my excitement. She was happy.
—Jeem?
—It’s not a room in the hotel, but it’s the next best thing. What do you think?
—It is the best ever.
She jumped into my arms. I picked her up and carried her the rest of the way through the beach house and into the bedroom.
—You only have to stay here if you like it. What do you think? Will you stay?
I wasn’t expecting the answer she had for me. Pilar pulled the curtains, undressed, and waited on the bed. She patted a spot beside her. I didn’t need to be invited twice.


Pilar nudged me awake and whispered into my ear.
—Jim. There’s someone at the door.
—Well then, go and answer it. It’s your home, too.
She struggled out of bed and headed for the door. I called her back.
—Put some clothes on unless you want every man in the place to come knocking.
She returned pushing a tray. She was just as naked as when she left.
—So then, you gave away a quick peek in exchange for the cart?
She giggled and set the tray on the bed.
—No, silly. Breakfast is served.
—But it’s two a.m.
—Well, someone must think of us. I opened the door. The cart was sitting there all by itself.
Either Warren was working overtime, or he had arranged for someone to take care of us. It sure wasn’t me. Food was the last thing on my mind every time my eyes took in a naked Pilar.


I struggled out of bed alone and dressed. I made my way to the coffee shop. Already the women were talking. Whispers and giggles followed as I made my way to the counter and gave my standard order of coffee and a waffle.
There was something new this morning. I ended up with strawberries and whipped cream to go with them. Damned if everyone wasn’t looking at me as I dug in. I waved and they all clapped.
News travels fast, even in a place this big.
The cook took my bill and threw it in the trash. I grinned and waggled a finger at him before taking the cash out of my pocket and depositing it on the counter. I only pretended. It didn’t really bother me.
My next stop was the marina with two cups of coffee. Warren joined me and we relaxed under the umbrella. I couldn’t stop grinning.
—Where’s your partner in crime?
—I left her to sleep. She was so excited and happy. She couldn’t stop grinning and smiling and laughing. When she wakes up, she’ll be on the phone for a while with her abuelita and her sisters, I’m sure.
Warren grinned right along with me.
—Yeah. I can only imagine. It’s probably my last chance to enjoy a coffee with you. I get the feeling it might be the last for a while—if not forever.
—Oh come on. How bad could it be? Once Pilar gets settled in, things will go back to normal. She'll probably want to join us.
—Uh-huh. And Santa and the Easter bunny are real, too.
I wished for that to be true, also.


It wasn't unusual during my former single life, after a night out partying hard with Warren, that I'd spring for breakfast or lunch for two down on the dock. We would eat in the marina office, or beneath an umbrella if it wasn't busy. Usually we took turns in our attempts to claim the biggest hangover.
There’d be no more nights out without my wife. To make my point, I had showed up with coffee minus the food.
—Are we starting a new thing? What’s with the liquid breakfast?
—I figured I’d stop spoiling you since we won’t be having our nights out any more. You’re good with that, right?
He looked at me like I was crazy.
—Man, if you told me anything different, I’d toss you off the end of the dock.
I cast my gaze down to the water and then took in the wharf. Someone had docked and tied off a sweet-looking sloop at the end.
I allowed myself a brief daydream. I thought about Pilar and me, and sailing off toward the horizon, while leaving everything behind but what we could carry.
I sighed and came back to earth. The sailing part of my life had been over for a long time.
—The sailboat at the end of the wharf. Did you notice it? She came in late yesterday.
I hadn’t noticed it then. More pressing matters concerned me, all of which were about Pilar, my new wife.
I looked again, and I had to admit, it was a nice-looking sailboat. From where I sat, she looked to be well maintained.
Warren hadn't finished talking up the boat.
—She looks sweet, doesn’t she? And almost brand new.
I walked down for a better look. He was right. It did look almost new. To be truthful, I didn’t care a whit about boats any more. I'd gotten them out of my system long ago.
Warren called out.
—It’s captained by a woman. She showed up wondering if we had a doctor or a nurse on the grounds. I sent her to our in-house clinic.
—Was she all right? Did you check on her?
—She had a little guy with her. I showed her where she needed to go.
Warren hesitated before continuing.
—The boat has a weird name, though.
I strolled down the wharf to the stern for a better look. I froze. I looked again. Sweat beaded on my forehead and ran down my back. I almost went to my knees. I caught myself and stumbled my way back to the table beneath the umbrella.
—You don’t look so good, Jim. Did you manage to get any sleep last night?
I collapsed into the chair.
—It’s the heat. It’s getting to me today for some reason.
Warren allowed me catch my breath before he went on.
—You look like you’re having a heart attack. If I didn’t know you were healthy, I’d call for the doctor.
—No, no. I’m fine. Let me catch my breath. Pilar and I—
He laughed and held up a hand.
—No need for that. I don’t want the dirty details, my friend.
—And in any case you wouldn’t be getting them.
He quickly changed the subject. I was certain it was because he wanted me to know he had been joking.
—Did you notice the name on the stern?
In fact, I had noticed the stern. And the name painted on it, too. I couldn’t figure it. My brain had gone numb. Frozen. My heart continued its pounding.
—Judging by the sweat pouring off of you, I’d say you must have caught the bug going around this place.
—Oh? What’s that?
I already knew it wasn’t a bug. It was life, come back from the dead to haunt me through no fault of my own. Surely not. Not after all these years. It couldn’t be.
—It’s nothing serious. The doc has treated a few cases so far. Perhaps you caught the end of it.
I couldn’t hear Warren through the pounding in my ears. My breathing labored. The shaking wouldn’t stop. I couldn’t stop it if I wanted to. Thoughts and memories of a past life continued to force their way into my consciousness.
What was that sloop doing tied to our wharf? How had it found this place? What was going on? I was completely clueless. And why wouldn’t I be? I had no prior knowledge.
If it was her, how did she find out I was here? How could it be her? She was dead. I saw the boat explode. She had been on board. I searched for weeks. Months.
I never found her.
What the hell was happening with my life? I finally had it all figured out. Now, within the space of twelve hours, it was in complete turmoil. It had to be a bad dream.
I came back to earth and caught the tail end of Warren’s conversation.
—I could be wrong, but I think that sloop has the same name as that boat you told me about. Remember?
I pretended I hadn’t noticed the name. I pretended I didn’t remember, too.
—Why do you say that?
My voice went hoarse. I took a slug of coffee. It didn't do any good. I wished for a drink instead.
—You know, the one you told me about. The one that exploded. What was it? It’s on the tip of my tongue.
I didn’t say another word. I couldn’t. I stayed frozen in the chair, unable to move. I wanted to get up and run back to the bungalow and Pilar and our new home. If I could just crawl back in bed and pull the covers over my head and wake up again-
I couldn’t get up. My breathing stayed ragged. Sweat continued to pour down the back of my shirt.
Warren pushed back the deck chair. He went into the marina office. I knew exactly what he was going for. The resort kept a record of the boats that tied off on its wharf, and I was right. He returned with the registry under an arm. He opened it to the last page. His fingers settled on the last registration.
—The Saskia. Saskia II, actually. Here, take a look.
He dropped the book in front of me.
I didn’t need to look. Sweat continued to bead on my forehead and run down my face. I still couldn’t move. I couldn’t think. How long would it be before Warren put it together?
—Jim, you don’t look so well. Maybe you need to head home to your girl.
How could I? I was deep into a nightmare that had started all over again.
I knew it was about to get a whole lot worse.

* * *

I HEARD THE FOOTSTEPS coming down the wharf. The sound of flip-flops grew louder. A faster double step intruded on the longer glide, and the feet kept coming.
I managed to inhale a huge breath of air. It caught in my throat. It only made matters worse. I gasped and coughed and my eyes began to water. I couldn’t catch my breath fast enough.
Warren updated me on the approaching terror.
—Here comes the owner now.
He couldn’t have known. There was no way. The trepidation had been building from the moment I saw the name on the transom. In fact, he couldn’t have known anything, beyond what I had told him. He had no idea of the ghost in my new nightmare and how close I was to screaming in terror.
In another minute, my nightmare would end when it turned out to be complete coincidence. But I knew that wasn’t possible. I had never called Allie about the DNA on the diving mouthpiece I’d sent her. I was getting soft over the years.
I believed Kara to be dead. I witnessed the explosion with my own eyes. There was hardly anything of the sloop left. No one could have survived. I searched up and down the shoreline for weeks. I found nothing—nothing but the rebreather. I didn’t think it was strange at the time.
There was no way she could be alive. All I had to do was to keep repeating it often enough for it to be true. There was no way Kara could be alive.
My nightmare would be over when I got a look at the approaching woman. She would turn out to be a stranger. It was all a coincidence. It had to be.
Still. When I was a working detective, there was no such thing as coincidence.
I remained seated in the chair. Frozen. Barely able to breathe. Sweat poured off of my forehead. I swiped with a napkin and hoped for the best.
—Are you all right? You look like you’re about to pass out.
Warren wasn’t wrong.
—Too many drinks last night, probably.
I barely managed to get the words out with a voice that was hoarse and panicky, even to me.
—You were drinking last night? I’d have put good money on something else, but hey, it’s your life.
Yes, it was, and my life was about to get a lot more complicated. Thoughts and memories ran through my brain at lightning speed.
I’d never called Allie after sending her the mouthpiece I’d cut off of the rebreathing equipment I discovered on the beach near Ensenada. My note asked her if she wouldn’t mind testing it for a match against Kara’s sister’s DNA.
It never occurred to me to check to see if she did it. I figured she’d have gotten back to me on her own with the news. She hadn’t. Or maybe there was no match.
It was a long shot, but it could have gone that way. Or maybe by then, I gave up caring. I had every right. If Kara was alive, why hadn’t she bothered to contact me? Why didn’t she try to find me?
She had to have known it would drive me to the ends of the earth to lose her. And to lose our baby.
The footsteps grew louder. I straightened in the chair and tensed.
—Hey there, sailor. I’ve been looking for you.
The voice. It was her. A little deeper. Yet still the same. My nightmare of the past years was now complete. I pushed back from the table.
A gentle hand on my shoulder prevented me from rising. It was just as well. I couldn’t have gotten up, anyway. She seemed awfully nonchalant about it all, though. I wondered if I’d be the same were I in her shoes.
And then I remembered I was in my own shoes, and I sure as hell wasn’t nonchalant about anything this morning.
—There’s someone I want you to meet.
I forced myself to turn. The boy kept close to his mother. Her other hand rested on his shoulder, as though to shelter him. We were linked that way, with Kara’s hands on both of us.
Perhaps she thought I might explode and was only making sure nothing bad would happen.
—This is James. Son, I’d like you to meet Jim. He was a wonderful friend a long time ago.


I knew coming back here after marrying Pilar would turn out to be a huge mistake. Why hadn’t I gone some place else? Why did I have to return to somewhere familiar to start over?
I could have gone inland to a dozen other places, all of them far removed from the Gulf and sailboats and water and dead wives who, it appeared, were not so dead.
It all ran through my head in a split second. I would have no rest, though. Pilar chose exactly that moment to join me on the wharf’s patio. I had no warning. Before I knew it, I had Kara and her son—our son—on one side of me, and Pilar on the other.
—Jeem? Who is this?
The nervous accent had returned. She didn’t sound happy. And no wonder. I’d be wondering the exact same thing were our positions reversed and I’d witnessed a too-familiar hand placed on her shoulder.
My first instinct was to cut and run. I wanted to lock myself in a room at the hotel and toss the key card over the balcony after unlocking the bar fridge.
Of course, I rejected that immediately. I couldn’t be fast enough to escape the wrath of Pilar once she learned what was going on. Besides, Warren’s bodega had spear guns. I’m pretty certain it wouldn’t take much to convince the man to show her how to use one.
My second instinct was preservation. I had a new life. I had a woman that I loved and wanted to spend the rest of my life with. We had been talking about having children. The sooner, the better, for both of us.
Unlike the last woman in my life, Pilar wouldn’t be faking her own death—at least, not so far as I could tell. Pilar had stood beside me in the panga, following my explanation of how I had lost Kara. She comforted me. She took care of me. She stood by me.
She made me feel good about myself all over again. I’d be damned if I’d be kissing all that goodbye, no matter what was going on. I pushed back my chair and stood up. Kara’s hand fell from my shoulder.
—Pilar, I’d like you to meet Kara.
Pilar grabbed onto me as I caught her. I allowed her to slip from my arms into my chair. I put myself between the two women, unsure of what might come next.
This—whatever this was—was not good. It was not good at all.
A long discussion in Mexican between Pilar and Kara took over. I knew better than to try to make an escape from my new life with Pilar. In any case, I couldn’t. Pilar and I were just beginning our journey.
Pilar wasn’t kind with the swear words. Kara flung them back at her just as fast and as incomprehensible. I stayed close to Pilar, worried, uncertain, and afraid for all three—now four—of us.
Kara had taken it upon herself to desert me. I never learned the reason why. I doubted the woman would be forthcoming at this late date. The life we planned together had deserted me a long time ago. Whatever it was that had convinced her that was a good thing, I didn’t want to know. I didn’t care any more.
All those hours on the water, searching and searching and searching and not giving up and finally giving up and staying drunk for months—it was all for—
For what? All for this? In that case, just what the hell was this?
I didn’t know where to start. Warren, young as he was, ended up saving the day. He ushered Kara and her son away from the wharf and back to the hotel. He must have stayed with them. They didn't return.
I wondered if Kara had mellowed in the years since I’d last seen her. I wasn’t sure how long it had been any more.
—Pilar.
—Si.
—Te amo tanto. Only you. I love only you.


Pilar offered a hand. I took it.
—Come with me.
She ushered me down the length of the wharf. She halted at the sloop moored at the far end.
—So this is the boat that exploded?
I took a deep breath before the words began tumbling out.
—Well, it’s a twin of the original. It’s newer, and in better shape. But yes, this is a lot like the one that exploded.
She didn’t hesitate. I was grateful for that.
—So she managed to get off, somehow. And she’s alive. And she has had her baby. He’s not so much a baby any more, is he?
—Yes. No. I don’t care any longer, Pilar. It’s about you now. And me. Us. Together. Together because we want it that way.
—But your son. What about him? He looks like her, though, doesn’t he?
I’d gotten a good look at him. I didn’t know what to think, so I agreed.
—Yes. He looks like his mother for sure.
We sighed together. It was as though we were joined not only in marriage, but in a problem that could end up overwhelming both of us.
—I think we will be all right, Jim. Do you?
—I think so, too.
I didn’t hesitate. I couldn’t if I wanted to. Pilar put her arm around me and I put my arm around her and we returned to the bungalow.
Inside, I couldn't settle down. I paced, back and forth. Finally, Pilar managed to get me onto the sofa. She handed me a coffee.
—What are we going to do?
—I’d like to think of it as what I am going to do. That woman and the life we had is in my past. If Kara’s son is mine, I’ll accept the responsibility. But I won’t take her back. That part is over between us, Pilar.
I might have sounded sane, but I was still in shock. Everything was running through my mind.
I couldn’t understand how someone who had said she loved me, someone who had fought alongside of me, who had fought for me on the beach against the killer Rusty, could forsake me with nary a word of warning.
How could a woman I once loved have been so cold and heartless? She claimed she was carrying our son. Or was that a lie, too? She’d stolen him from me when she pretended to be dead.
Everything I once knew and loved had crumbled under the weight. If I wasn’t careful, all of it would collapse and take both Pilar and me with it. I needed to get through this as fast as I could.
—Pilar. What did you say to Kara?
—Are you sure you want to know?
She didn’t wait.
—I cursed her out for deserting you. For lying to you. For cheating on you. For just about everything I could think of. It was a good Mexican string of curses. She knew what I was saying. I thought she was going to hit me.
That’s exactly what I was afraid of. Kara was a killer. She is a killer. I hadn’t given her skills in that department a second thought when we were together. It was a different matter now. My concern was for Pilar only and for her safety with this woman.
—Promise me you won’t be alone with her. Promise me now, Pilar. I mean it. You have to promise that if she gets close to you, that you’ll turn and run the other way.
And for emphasis.
—No matter what.


Warren was brave enough to tell me he’d seen the two women and the boy sharing a table. They had been in the midst of a heated discussion in one of the resort’s cafés. By the time I got there, they were gone. One of the staff said they had left together.
I worried about Pilar. Kara was a good talker. She had fooled me. There was no doubt she’d be able to fool a much younger Pilar. While she was a strong, capable woman, a congenital liar would have no trouble convincing Pilar to do her bidding—especially since Pilar was committed to our life together.
By the time I returned to our bungalow, Pilar was already there. To my relief, she didn’t try to hide anything.
—I talked with Kara this morning.
—I heard. I have my spies.
She grinned.
—Of course you do. And I have been here only three days and I already have spies, too. But mine are only concerned with that woman since she arrived. Now that it is known how she treated you, they will all be on our side.
—Pilar—
She needed to stay away from that woman. She needed a bodyguard when the two of them were together. She needed to be far, far away from here.
—Don’t worry, señor Jim. I will be careful.
I smiled and held her in my arms. She had lost the accent.
—Will you stop calling me señor? I’m too young for that yet.
We kissed, long and slow. How was I going to tell the woman I loved that she needed to go away from here. The sooner the better?
—I like to tease you. It’s fun.
—Pilar—
I had to tell her. I couldn’t wait any longer. It was important that she know about Kara’s background. About my background with her, too.
—Come and sit with me.
I moved to the sofa and she followed. I took her hands and looked her straight in the eye. If that didn’t get her attention, I didn’t know what would.
—Kara is a killer.
There was no other way to put it. I had to be direct if it was going to have any effect on her. She had to understand. I had to make her understand.
At first, there was doubt. It was written all over her face. She didn’t believe me. Doubt turned to disbelief, and it, too, was written on her face.
I told her how the two of us met. About the deaths of our friends at the hands of others. I told her about our last assignment in Mexico. About how it had gone sideways until finally proving successful.
Slowly, Pilar began to believe me. She asked a few questions. I answered as best I could without giving up too much information on the operations I had been on with Kara.
At the end of it all, her face had turned white. She told me she was scared.
—We’ll be all right. But you can’t go anywhere with her, Pilar. Not unless I’m with you. Or someone else is with you. You can’t be with her alone. I won’t allow it. In fact, I forbid it.
I knew as soon as I said it that I shouldn’t have. Forbid wasn’t a word to use with this woman. Pilar was strong and independent. Perhaps she might feel as though I was ordering her around. I sure as hell hoped not.
—I want you to go back to your grandmother for a while. Will you do that for me? For us?
She stood up and walked out to the patio. I followed her, wanting more than anything else to hear her quiet si. It was the only thing I could get her to do that would keep her safe for the time being. She had to go along with me. She had to.
—I will not be deserting you, my husband, for anyone, or anything. We will face this, whatever it is, together.
I saved the worst for last.
—You do understand that you and I are no longer married. With Kara reappearing the way she has, I’m still married to her.
There was no reaction. Pilar stood. She wandered into the kitchen and stood looking over the dune towards the ocean.
Just when I thought everything was going good for the two of us, Pilar disappeared.

* * *

I STARTED WITH WARREN. He had been first to warn me he’d seen the two women together. The look on his face said trouble.
—Pilar asked me not to tell you. I have to anyway.
He pointed out to sea. The sloop was about a mile away, under sail.
—Binoculars. Do you have them?
He handed them to me, and I focused in time to see Pilar’s white blouse and bright yellow skirt on the yacht.
—Dammit. I practically begged that woman not to have anything to do with Kara. And now she’s on board her sloop.
—I tried to stop her. She wouldn’t listen.
—Yeah, tell me about it. Neither one of them listens.
Warren took the binoculars and studied the sloop.
—I saw James get on board too. Perhaps that’s a good sign.
I relaxed, but only a little.
—If I know Pilar, she’s trying to find out everything she can about Kara’s intentions. I don’t think she believes James is my son. Frankly, I’m not entirely convinced either.
—Why do you doubt it?
Judging by the question, the whole resort had to know what was happening. I thought for a bit before replying.
—Everything that woman told me up until the moment she disappeared, I believed. Until I spotted the rebreather equipment that washed ashore. From then on, I had a niggling doubt.
I took a deep breath and went on.
—Of course, now, all my doubts are realized. There’s only one way she could be alive, and that’s if she planned on the destruction of the yacht. I’m left wondering if she planned on blowing it all up while I was still on board.
—You’ll never know now.
—You’re right. She’d never tell me the truth. And even if she did, I wouldn’t believe her. Isn’t that a horrible thing to say about a woman I once loved?
—You have Pilar now. She’s your love.
I didn’t hesitate for a second.
—Yes, she is. And I’ll never do anything to jeopardize that.
I headed to the resort’s café to wait. The wait staff left me alone, perhaps realizing what was going on. I sat with my back to the wall, watching the sloop being expertly sailed by Kara. Occasionally, I’d see Pilar’s bright yellow skirt and know she was safe—for now, at least.
When the sloop finally turned and headed for shore, I let out a well-deserved sigh of relief. I retreated from the café and went to wait for Pilar in the bungalow, still on edge and still worried. I would be until the sloop was tied up and Pilar was home safe.
I needed to get pillar home with her grandmother and her sisters until this fiasco got sorted out. I thought about having her disappear on the charter amphib. It could be even sooner if she caught a powerboat ride with Warren. I made a note to ask if he'd do it for me.
I was just about to go into the bedroom and pack a bag for her, and then I knew. She'd never do it. She was too headstrong. That was only one of the reasons I'd fallen in love with Pilar.


I almost sprinted to the door when I caught sight of Pilar on her way towards the house. Once I had her inside, I took her in my arms. Together, we walked to the patio.
—Sit. We need to talk again. Right now.
—I know. You told me already. But—
—But you want to make everything good for everyone.
—Yes. But especially for you and for me. And James was on the boat with us. She wouldn’t do anything with him there, would she?
I hesitated. I wasn’t sure I should tell her what I was about to.
—You know all about the desaparecido. There are stories in the papers in Mexico almost every day. Your sister was one who managed to escape alive and get home.
—Yes. And that was because of you. I know that.
—Kara and I were almost desaparecidos as well. Kara’s best friend saved us. Saskia’s reward was to end up dead in a lime pit while dirt was piled over everyone in the pit.
—So that is the reason for the name of the boat.
—Yes. Saskia was the new name she gave to her friend’s first sailboat—the one we claimed in the harbor and sailed south on. The one she blew up off of Ensenada.
—But Jim—
—No, Pilar. I can’t lose you. I can’t afford to not have you in my life. It would kill me, too. I don’t trust that woman any longer. She’s dangerous. She’s a stone cold killer. You need to know that about her.
I stared into her eyes.
—She showed no remorse as long as I was with her. None. Ever. Please don’t be alone with her, ever again. Please.
I hoped she listened. I hoped she heard. I hoped that when next she spent time with Kara, that she would come home safe. It was the best I could hope for.
I knew she’d be doing it again. Pilar would do as she pleased. I knew that. I interrupted my talk with Pilar and answered the door. It was Kara.
—We need to talk. Can I come in?
—No, you can’t. Pilar, Kara and I are going for a walk. I’ll be back in twenty minutes.
She looked at me. She was scared.
—It’s all right. I won’t be long.
I closed the door and headed towards the wharf. Kara followed. Warren was still on duty. I would force him to be a witness to our conversation, whether he wanted to or not.
Kara placed the bag she was carrying on a table. She opened it and hauled out a sheaf of papers.
—You need to have these, Jim. They’re all the things you need for James—his birth certificate. Baptism certificate. The hospital papers where he was born. Our marriage certificate.
I looked at her, wary. Confused.
—Why now, Kara? What took you so long? How many years has it been? Not once did you try to get in touch. With me, or with your sister. What’s up with that?
—I never resigned. I couldn’t. I lied to you about that. They had me between a rock and a hard place. They forced me to get rid of you. Short of killing you, the explosion was the only way I could do it. I had to make you think I was dead.
—But you were pregnant. How do you think I ended up after losing both of you? You were my life. I counted on us being together.
—You counted wrong.
I jumped out of my chair. It collapsed and clattered behind me. I couldn’t believe the words coming out of the woman’s mouth.
—I counted wrong? I counted wrong? What the hell is wrong with you? Are you so twisted, such a bad-ass, that you had no idea what it would do to me? I stayed drunk in Ensenada for six months.
—Yeah. So I heard.
—Dammit. I don’t believe it. You knew. You knew everything, didn’t you?
—I guess so.
I shook my head.
—You’d better do more that guess now, don’t you think?
I was fed up with all of it. I glared at her, not quite ready to leave.
—Don’t forget to take the papers with you. There’s life insurance there, too, for James.
—At least you’re thinking of him and not yourself for a change.
I stared hard at this woman. It was as though I'd never known her. She was a stranger.
—I want a divorce.
I studied her face. There was no reaction. None.
—I think I can do better than that for you.
I finally had enough. I turned away. I left the papers on the table to scatter in the wind and hurried in the direction of the bungalow and the woman I loved.
If that wasn’t a clue for this woman, I didn’t know what would be.


Pilar was waiting in the living room. She rushed to hug me.
—I told her I want a divorce. The sooner I’m rid of her, the better.
We settled on the sofa.
—The sooner we’re rid of her, you mean. What about your son?
That was a tough one. After all the years of thinking I never had a child, I had just learned I had one after all.
—Call me cold and heartless, but that will be up to Kara to decide. It’s taken her years to show up. I’m not sure she wants to dump it all on me right away.
—Do you think she wants to dump anything on you?
I stood and went to the window. The yacht strained against its moorings, creaking and groaning as the wind increased. Perhaps there was a gale on the way.
—The woman must want something, Pilar. Otherwise, why would she find me now after such a long time? She didn’t care in the slightest that I didn’t know about our child. And why would she? How many years was it I didn’t exist for her, just as she didn’t exist for me?
—Yet, now she is back in your life, even if it’s only for a short time.
I sighed.
—True. But she could slip the moorings and be gone at a moment’s notice. For all eternity as far as that goes.
I shook my head at the absurdity and returned to sit with Pilar. A soft knock on the door interrupted us. Pilar stood to answer it. I gripped her arm and pulled her back on the sofa.
—No. I’ll go. Remember what I told you.
It was James. A bright yellow waterproof pouch hung off his shoulder.
—Mom says you need to have this. She wants to meet with you tomorrow.
I hesitated and looked at Pilar. She nodded assent.
—Tell your mom I’ll meet her on the boat.
I took the pouch and handed it to Pilar. She took it without a word.
—This is yours if anything happens to me.
—I will get Warren to watch over you. We will both watch over you. We will be inside the marina office.
I slept fitfully all night. Beside me, Pilar did the same. At different times during the night, one of us was out of bed, sighing, pacing, worrying.
—Señor Jim, come back to bed. We have both of us had enough.
—Didn’t you once say, a los que saben esperar les pasan cosas buenas?
Pilar didn’t hesitate.
—Si. Ser para bien. It's all for the best. Now come to bed. It’s lonely here by myself.
We finally slept in each other’s arms.


First thing in the morning I looked out the window, wanting to know if the sloop was still tied up. I walked to the edge of the dune for a better look. From what I could tell, Kara and Warren were in a heated conversation. Her arms waved and she gestured towards the bungalow. I didn’t say anything to Pilar, already in the kitchen.
—Do you want breakfast?
I shook my head.
—Coffee will do. I’ve been on edge since that woman arrived. I think I should meet with her on an empty stomach. I’d like to find out what her plans are.
—I looked at what was in the waterproof bag.
Pilar held up a key.
—What do you think this is for?
I turned it over to find a number stamped on one side.
—I’m not sure. A house? The yacht? It’s not a normal key, for sure. Perhaps a safe deposit box. Was there anything of value in the papers?
—Nada. Nothing.
—Did you find anything else? A letter of explanation, perhaps?
—No. Did you think there might be?
—I hoped. But I wasn’t going to go begging, either.
—Bueno. Because she doesn’t seem to be the type to explain.
I pushed back from the table. I leaned over Pilar and kissed the top of her head and gently rubbed her shoulders.
—I will wait with Warren. I promise you.

* * *

KARA WASN’T ON THE SLOOP when I climbed aboard. I thought about turning around and going back with the rest of them to wait. At the last minute I changed my mind and climbed topside. I looked over the rigging. Everything appeared brand new. Rigging. Sails. Everything. It was all in the right place and properly stored and secured.
The woman was definitely an accomplished sailor. I knew that from our time together. She'd be even more accomplished now, what with hauling around a child on the boat as she had been doing all these years.
I wondered who looked after the boy when she was on a mission. I decided I didn’t need to know. It was none of my business.
She had made sure of that.
I made my way below. Curtained ports blocked out the light. I couldn’t make anything out in the dark. I returned topside in time to see Pilar walking into the marina office. Warren stuck his head out and waved a spear gun in my direction.
I couldn’t relax. Warren would be no match for Kara on her worst day.
James headed down the pier to the marina. I wondered if his mother had sent him ahead to check the ground. It wouldn’t surprise me she might use him that way. After all, they’d been inseparable since birth.
I reconsidered. Surely, someone so young would be of no use to her that way, especially her own son. I thought back to Luis and Hermano and how easily we had both used the children. Perhaps she would, after all.
I permitted my thoughts to drift while I waited in the warm morning sunshine. I must have dozed off after my sleepless night. Her voice caught me out.
—You look comfortable relaxing at the helm. Just like old times. And I’m pretty sure I know the reason, too, if I remember what we spent all of our spare time doing.
I brought myself back to my own reality. I didn’t catch every word. Kara had donned her bikini, the way she always did when we were on the original Saskia. My eyes darted up and down the length of her.
If I hadn’t remembered where we were, I’d have thought we were still on board her trusted friend's sloop. The woman hadn’t gained a pound. If anything, she was in even better shape—more muscular, more tanned, more aware of her surroundings.
—How did you get the black eye? You didn’t have it yesterday.
—I tangled with your wife. Or rather, your wife tangled with me. She won.
—You let her win, more likely. Your mind is made up, then?
Even I had to smile as I imagined how Pilar had gotten the drop on her to get a punch in. Kara must have thought the young Mexican ball of fire I married would be a pushover. While I knew they were no match, Kara must have figured out that Pilar would end up fighting for both of us.
—She’s a tough girl. You married a keeper. Don’t let her get away.
—I already know that. And I don’t plan on it.
That I had agreed to come to meet with her must have put the smile on her face. I smiled back, but only for a second. I wanted to get our business over with. I wanted to get off this ghost ship, for that’s what it represented to me.
—Sitting at the helm brings back a lot of memories. They’re all good until we dropped anchor off Ensenada. Everything went to hell from there.
—I want to explain.
What was the use? It was meaningless. It was all lies. Everything had been a lie. I didn’t tell her that. I only wanted to be rid of her.
—There’s no need for it.
I raised my hand, hoping to wave her off.
—I have a new life. So do you by the look of it. You would have showed up a lot sooner if you wanted to reconnect. And you’d have showed up a hell of a lot sooner if you truly wanted to explain and beg forgiveness.
We both knew it was true.
—Did you look at the papers James brought over?
—Pilar did.
—She’s awfully young. Do you trust her?
—Of course I do. Even more than I trusted you. What’s the key for?
Kara hesitated. She looked towards the marina. Warren and Pilar and James sat outside, under the umbrella. All three of them faced the two of us on the yacht. The spear gun was plainly visible on the table.
—He’s a good friend.
—Yes he is. I trust him, too. That’s why Pilar is with him now.


I stood up and made my way forward, away from the tight quarters surrounding the wheel. My gaze returned to Kara. If I ignored the past years, it was almost as though we hadn’t skipped a beat.
She looked too good to be true, even now. She caught me looking and re-appraising what I had known in the past.
—You could come with us. With James and with me.
I couldn’t look away. The scent of coconut oil on her tanned body brought back memories. Happy memories. Too many memories. Somehow, in a split second, I managed to force the good memories out to replace them with the bad from years past.
She kept on.
—It would be just like old times. Sailing. Blue sky. White sand beaches. Making love under the moon and the stars and the sun.
Were it not for Pilar, I just might have accepted Kara’s offer.
—I looked for you for two years. Did you know that? I went back, time and again, looking. Searching. Wondering. Worrying. What had I missed? What had you said that might have clued me in? I came up with nothing.
I searched her face for any sign of empathy. There was none. She kept silent.
—When I met Pilar, I was running on empty. I was a broken man. She knew it, too. She took me under her wing. She comforted me. She took care of me. Yes. She’s young. But she built me back up. Were it not for her, I’d still be a broken, drunken excuse for a man.
I hesitated.
—Not any more. Thanks to her.
—I take it that’s a no, then.
—There’s no way it’s going to be a yes. Even I know that without her, I’d be nothing all over again.
Kara pulled a key out of her bikini top and handed it to me.
—What’s this?
—It’s the second key to the safe deposit box in Cabo.
—In Cabo? A safe deposit box? What the hell?
—I beat you to the sloop. I was the one that ransacked the boat. I turned it upside down. I hauled the money to a Mexican bank. It’s all in a safe deposit box. Your name and signature are on the papers in the bank. Two banks, actually.
I studied her face again, this time with disbelief.
—My signature? How-
—I forged it. All you have to do is show up to get the cash. If Pilar is smart, she can forge my signature with a bit of practice.
Nothing she said made any sense. I shook my head.
—Why didn’t you tell me? I went broke looking for you. I had to borrow money. I could have used some of that cash to pay the bills for the six months I spent searching.
Kara sighed. Whether it was real, or fake-
—I wanted to. I tried. I couldn’t. I knew you’d start to question everything. You’d doubt everything if I told you. I loved you. I wanted you to keep loving me.
There had to be more. I waited, wanting to scream at her. I didn’t. She looked at me expectantly.
—I did, Kara. I loved you for two years after I thought you were dead. I loved you until Pilar came into my life. She’s the best thing that’s ever happened to me. After you, that is.
It was true. While we were together, Kara had been the best—until she disappeared and suddenly wasn’t any longer. Pilar had replaced her. There was no way in hell I was going to jeopardize that. I knew when I was well off.
She began untying the lines to shove off.
—Why did you tell me you resigned? You didn’t, did you?
—No. I couldn’t. They wouldn’t let me. In fact, they used you as the reason to get me to stay.
I couldn’t figure that, but I didn’t ask. Instead, I let it go, just like I had let everything else go about the two of us. I stood up and looked across to the marina. Pilar and Warren were still there. James too. They waved again.
—Let’s take her out. A final sail for old time’s sake.
—No, Kara. I’m not going with you. There are no old times. There are only new ones.
—Then help me cast off. I want to take her out. It’s a beautiful morning, just like it was off Ensenada.


Something wasn’t right. I felt it in my gut. Then it came to me. Her eyes. It was all in her eyes. They were cold. Distant. Uninvolved, as though she had given up.
I reconsidered, but only for an instant. I’d seen those eyes before, usually after she had allowed her knife to do its work.
—I’ll get James. He can help you cast off. You’re taking him, right?
—No. He’ll be okay. I won’t be long. You can tell him I love him while he’s waiting.
—I’m sure he knows that already, but I’ll tell him for you, yes. We’ll see you when you get back.
Kara unfastened her top and threw it aside. I’d seen her do it dozens of times. She still looked pretty good. In fact, she looked damned good. I was left to wonder just how many times she’d done just that to get the men in her life to do her bidding.
—Are you sure?
She turned towards me and smiled. Weak as I was, I didn’t answer. Were it not for Pilar, I might have taken her up on the offer.
—You’re still a beautiful woman. You should find someone to love and to share your life.
—I have. None matched you. None were capable.
I stepped onto the wharf as she fired up the engine. The sloop drifted off the dock.
—So long, Jim.
She pointed the sloop west. She turned and waved. I waved back.
Suddenly, I realized. It was what she said.
—Kara.
I yelled.
—No. Don’t. James—
She didn’t hear me. Or perhaps she chose not to. I hurried to join Pilar and Warren and James under the umbrella.
—I’m buying breakfast. What would you like, James?
—Could I have waffles with bananas?
—Of course you can. It’s waffles and bananas for everyone.
Kara continued heading out to sea, oblivious to all but her own demons. She looked back only once, and waved.
I knew, because I couldn't stop watching.


James settled into the routine at the resort complex. He took to Pilar almost right away. She enrolled him in the small, on-site school for the children of employees where she helped out on a part-time basis. They walked to school every day, sometimes hand in hand.
He spoke Spanish, so the boy's acceptance was almost immediate. He got along well with the others in the small class. Perhaps he realized that his mother had gone on an extended assignment in some part of the world where he wouldn’t be welcome or safe.
At least, that’s what I told myself. I even believed it for a while.
We never saw Kara again. Never heard from her. Several months later, a report of an explosion on board a yacht off the coast of Mexico aired on a news channel. Tampico was mentioned.
A single body was recovered. I checked with the Federales and then I flew out. I wanted to be sure for my piece of mind and that of Pilar. And for Kara's son, James.
I met her step-father, briefly. I didn’t spend any more time than I needed. I made sure of one thing, and that was to ensure her remains would be shipped to her sister, Erica.
I called to let Erica know her nephew was safe with us at the resort compound. After I hung up, I called Allie. She agreed to take the DNA samples I sent and have them compared to Erica’s. When the results came back some weeks later, it turned out that James wasn’t my son. I had no way of telling who his father might be.
In three weeks, I boarded the Caravan with James. We were on our way to meet with his aunt and to inter his mother’s ashes. I asked Pilar if she wanted to come, but she told me it was something I had to do on my own. For my peace of mind. I didn’t disagree.
Erica was almost forgiving.
As for me, I had a woman that I loved. I believed Pilar loved me, too.
I—or rather, we-had more than a quarter of a million dollars in two banks in Cabo. I had no idea what to do with it, but it was a nice cushion to have if one was ever needed.
Six months later, Pilar and I were married again. It was easy for us to head down to Cabo for the honeymoon. A quick trip to the bank and we had no problem getting some of the money to our abuelita and her granddaughters, Pilar's sisters.
It would prove to be more difficult to get it north of the border, but it wasn’t an insurmountable problem. It would just take a little time. And maybe a boat.
I had plenty of time.
I didn’t have a boat.


Life at the resort complex returned to its more normal slow pace for me and for Pilar. I walked out the door every morning after hugging Pilar, content, smiling, and eager to return home at night.
I started getting a bit of a paunch, thanks to Pilar’s cooking.
We talked of bringing the cash north, but we did nothing about it. We figured that there was no sense in tempting fate.
I dreamed of retiring to a beach in Mexico with my wife, until I realized I was already living on a beach with my wife.
I might not be retired, but I was close to it. And that was all right by me. Still, there were nagging doubts running in and out of my head. I took it upon myself to invite Pilar for an unscheduled trip to Cabo.
In the city we stopped to allow her to pick out a new wardrobe of bathing suits and sun dresses. From there we headed south.
I rented a car and took us north to Todos. I had a reservation for two at the fancy resort hotel I had first seen years ago.
And I had an itch that couldn’t be scratched. I'd had it for quite a while, and now it was time to do some scratching.


In Todos, we shared a lazy morning relaxing by the resort’s pool. I spent most of it with my eyes fastened on Pilar in her bathing suit. I teased her and she blushed and when she smiled and laughed I was happy. She was, too.
—Let’s get dressed and take the hotel van into town. We can walk around and see the sights and be tourists today.
It took us until late afternoon to make our way out of the room after fevered, sweaty lovemaking. Pilar was still flushed when we made our way to the lobby. I stopped her in front of a mirror, and she blushed even brighter than she had by the pool.
—Look at the mess you have made of me. Shame on you.
I couldn’t help grinning. Neither could she.
—Yes. You used to be such a good Catholic girl. I remember. Don’t worry. You’ll be able to confess it all soon. Does that make you happy?
She gave me a puzzled look, but I wasn’t talking. It was too soon.
—Perhaps. As long as I don’t have to lie. Confession is good for the soul.
Which, I thought, was perhaps why Kara had never confessed to me. She never had a soul.
—What’s that you’re carrying?
Pilar had finally noticed the package under my arm.
—Will you come with me to church?
—To church? Here? Of course. But—
—It’s a beautiful old Spanish church. It’s called Misión Santa Rosa de las Palmas.
—What’s going on? Why are we really here? And what did you bring?
—I need closure, Pilar. So do you, whether you realize it or not. We’re going to get that closure today if what I suspect is true.
—Well—
She hesitated.
—Go on. Don’t hold back.
Not that I knew she would. This woman I had married was anything but shy when it came to her marriage with me.
—I have been worried about you since, since—
—I know. That’s why we’re here. Something has been eating at me. Today, we’re both going to find out the truth. I promise.
We made it to the church, and Pilar covered her head with a scarf, took my arm, and we walked into the misión together. I waited as Pilar knelt and went through the motions. When she finished, we headed to the back of the church in search of the padre.
—This is where you were married.
—This is where I was led to believe I was married. I don’t really think I was ever married. It was all a fraud to keep me doing jobs for those people.
—So you think she lied to you about this also?
—Yes. I believe so. That’s why I brought you here. I want to show you how devious that woman could be.
—What if you learn that it’s true, that you were married?
I considered for only a moment.
—I don’t think there’s any chance in hell that it’s possible.
—Jeem. Shame on you. You can’t talk like that in church. I won’t let you.
She pinched my arm.
—Ouch.
I rubbed at it for longer than necessary.
—Come on, sweetheart. Let’s go find the padre before I’m black and blue.
—Yes. I have a confession to make, too.
I knew better than to ask, but I couldn’t let it go completely.
—A confession? What do you think your penance will be?
—We will see.


The padre was unfamiliar. A complete stranger. It could have been the intervening years. We hadn’t spent a lot of time under the church’s roof during the ten-minute wedding in my past. So, after introducing Pilar, I sat across from him and handed him the documents.
He fished in a pocket for his glasses and took his time studying them. He took some of the papers to the door and held them up to the sunlight.
—No, señor. There has never been a priest here by that name. I am the only one for more than ten years. It is impossible.
I looked at Pilar as she translated.
—Is it possible you could have been ill, and someone might have filled in for you?
—Our parish is very small. It is doubtful, but certainly possible. But I don’t think so. I don’t recognize the signature. I would say that there is no priest by that name anywhere near here, especially in the past six or seven years. I am sorry, señor.
I stood up, across the desk, and stuck out my hand. He shook it.
—Pilar, could you excuse us for a minute? I have something personal I want to ask the priest.
I followed the man of God into the vestibule. Pilar waited patiently for me in the front row. She looked so pretty in her dress and the kerchief covering her head. Finally, I returned with the padre.
—Pilar. Come stand with me.
—Si. What is it?
—There’s something we need to do.
When the ceremony concluded and we had reaffirmed our vows, Pilar began hugging both the priest and me. I eased her in the direction of the office where the priest filled out the paperwork.
—Padre, I think there’s something my wife wants to see you about. I’ll wait for her.
—Yes, my child?
—It is nothing, Father. I am fine.
—Very well, señora.
Outside the misión, as we walked down the steps, I reached across and squeezed Pillar’s rear. She smiled up at me. Her eyes sparkled.
—What? No pinch for a sinner such as myself?
—If we walk back to our room, you can squeeze me all you want until we get there.
—And after?
—And after, you'll be too busy to squeeze anything.
—We’ll just have to wait and see about that.


Dog Days


I BUILT A NEW LIFE for myself, and I was happy to share it and live it with Pilar, my wife and the love of my life. She took a part-time job with the resort hotel’s small school for the children of its employees. She thoroughly enjoyed her duties in assisting the teachers in the two small classrooms.
We even talked about starting our own family, but had agreed to give our marriage a little more time for both of us to settle in for the long haul. Another year, or perhaps a bit less, and we’d be ready for the dramatic change to our lifestyle. Although, we had dispensed with birth control, so perhaps it would be sooner than that.
Every three months, Pilar would jump on the Caravan or take a boat to the mainland and fly out to San Diego. She’d hop a cross-border bus into Tijuana and spend time at her family’s small house with her abuelita and her sisters. She always returned content and happy to be home once again in our bungalow by the beach.
I was always thrilled when she returned. She’d text just before getting on the Caravan to let me know to meet her on the resort’s dock. Each time, it was as though she had landed for the first time, giddy, happy, eager to walk with me to our home. Each time was as though we were starting out all over again.
Which was why I was waiting with Warren, sitting in the marina office, when her text came through announcing her arrival at the waterfront air taxi service that would bring her back to me. I responded with the usual silly string of emoticons. I could see her face, smiling, eager to get home, eager to be back where she belonged.
—You two are still on your honeymoon. Hasn’t that been going on long enough yet? When are you both going to settle into married life and get grumpy and bitchy with each other like normal people?
I grinned and grinned and Warren grinned back and we pretty much agreed that he was sadly mistaken and I would never be normal again.
And I wasn’t, until the Caravan didn’t land at its appointed time. According to Pilar’s text, she should have been here by now. The sky was clear. There was little chop in the bay. The amphib would have an easy landing.
An hour went by. Then another.
And then my phone rang. I didn’t recognize the number, but the name attached to it was the name of the Caravan’s air charter company.
—Mr. Nash?
My heart was in my throat.
—Mr. Nash, we’ve lost contact with the aircraft bound for your resort. Harbor—
—Was my wife on the passenger list?
I already knew the answer. Pilar’s text was still fresh in my mind.
—Yes sir. The harbor patrol is searching the area now. We’d like you to come to our hangar for a briefing.
Warren knew by the look on my face. He headed for the dock to prep one of the resort’s speedboats. I ran down to the wharf, cast off the lines, and jumped aboard.
—The plane?
I nodded. He firewalled the twin throttles and forty-five minutes later we docked at the airline’s amphib base of operations. We passed harbor patrol boats circling what I assumed to be the accident site. They were pulling bits and pieces of wreckage from the water.
The FAA had already arrived. Their aircraft sat parked beside the hangar.
I didn’t want to go in. If Warren hadn’t been with me, I wouldn’t have. I already knew what I was going to hear. I wasn’t sure I could stomach it. I went to the briefing anyway.
Air traffic control lost contact ten minutes after liftoff. Witnesses saw the plane tumbling into the water. The investigation hasn’t yet begun, but a video showed a wing separating in flight. They wouldn’t allow any of us to view it.
The FAA specialist remarked it could take up to six months for the investigation to discover a cause. When the passengers had been recovered, we’d all have to return to do an identification.
So it was a recovery, not a rescue. Why wasn’t I surprised?
—Let’s go back, Warren. I need to be at home. We can’t do anything here, anyway.
I cursed most of the way home. Just before Warren throttled back to coast to the dock, I screamed. I wasn’t looking forward to calling Pilar’s grandmother and her sisters—as if that would be the least of it.
Somehow I managed. And somehow, I managed to survive all the pain and my suffering without turning into a drunk yet again. I put in my time at the resort. For much of that time, I resembled a zombie more than an actual man.
Almost six months to the day, the cause of the accident was revealed to be saltwater corrosion and faulty maintenance on a wing strut. All of my questions about Pilar’s luggage not being returned were never answered. Also not answered were the reasons why, during the course of the investigation into the crash, the FBI and DHS showed up on my door with a search warrant. All of Pilar’s possessions were seized. I never got them back.
That same day, I packed my bag, said my goodbyes, and departed the resort. I never returned.


Zelda was making a racket, barking like there was no tomorrow. I clambered out of bed and opened the door.
—What’s the matter, girl? The sun is barely up and you’re raring to go.
Zelda barked once more, happy that she had early morning company paying attention to her. With tail wagging, she turned and waddled down the steps. Halted at the bottom. She picked up the pup I couldn’t see by the scruff of its neck and strutted past me into the living room, with tail held high and wagging the entire way. She put the pup down and sat on the floor beside her.
She woofed, again, just to be certain I was paying attention.
—I heard you had a new litter. Is this the runt Lily’s been telling me about?
The pup’s eyes weren’t yet open. I bent to pick her up. Zelda’s snout brushed my face and rewarded me with an enthusiastic lick. Her tail thumped the floor. I thought she might break it off with her enthusiasm.
—Zelda, you brought me one of your little ones with her eyes still shut. What am I supposed to do with her?
I went to the fridge for a carton of cream. I opened it, dipped a finger in, and placed it near the runt’s mouth. Zelda wagged her tail and woofed like a nervous mother.
—All right. I’ll help you feed her. I already know she can’t eat with all of her brothers in the way. You’ll have to help me out.
I set down the runt of the litter and went in search of some blankets. I pulled out the sofa and arranged a makeshift bed. When I finished, Zelda had a go at making her own nest in an out-of-the-way spot behind the sofa in my cramped living quarters.
Like the new mother she was, she snuffled and pawed and sniffed and re-arranged things to meet her expectations. Finally, after a couple of minutes, she settled in with a satisfied sigh. I placed the pup between her feet and she allowed the runt of her litter to suckle.
—Are you happy now? You can come and check on her whenever you want.
I grinned and scratched the black Lab’s snout. I think Zelda was almost smiling.
—I suppose you checked with Lily first to let her know that I’ll be taking over babysitting duties?
The screen door slammed shut. I should have known. A breathless Lily ran into the room.
—Uncle Jim. Zelda’s runt— oh, you have her.
Her look of worry disappeared.
—Calm down. Zelda brought her over.
—That’s good, because I’m going back to school in a few days. 
The worried look returned to the young girl’s face.
—I can’t look after her all day any more.
—No need. I can do that for you and Zelda both. You’ll have to bring over what you’ve been feeding her, if that’s all right.
—I’ll go get it right now.
Zelda bounded after Lily and out the door as fast as the plump dog could. She just about tripped over the girl’s feet in her enthusiasm to match Lily’s rushed pace. The two of them came tumbling back and almost ripped the door off of its hinges in their haste to get inside.
—You can’t feed her cow’s milk. It will make her sick. I got her some special formula from the vet.
I knew right away I’d have to do some research. I wasn’t used to looking after runt puppies. Hell, I could barely manage to take care of myself. I looked down at Zelda with a stern expression.
—You’re going to have to do double duty, girl. You need to come here to feed her by herself. She needs your mother’s milk, too. The runt can’t compete with the crowd of all the other little ones you’re nursing.
It almost looked as though she understood.
—Lily, have you named her yet?
She shook her head.
—I’ve been too busy trying to make sure she’s taken care of. I haven’t even thought up a name.
—Would it be all right with you if I named her?
The girl looked disappointed for a moment before breaking into a huge grin.
—I think that would be okay. I’ve been having trouble coming up with a name anyway.
—First things first. It’s time for Zelda to go back to nursing her right now.
I didn’t need to remind anyone. When I checked, Zelda was already settled in behind the sofa. Her tail flapped. She was happily curled up with the runt of her litter. Both appeared content, for the moment.
—Zelda, when you’re finished, all three of us have to go to your litter. This guy needs to socialize with the rest of his little clan.
—She’s a girl, Uncle Jim.
I took another look. Of course she was.


Zoe grew like a weed. In six months, she weighed forty-five pounds and stood sixteen inches tall. Huge paws and long, gangly legs made sure she had an uncoordinated gait when she tried to run to keep up with Lily and the still-chubby Zelda.
I did what I thought were all the right things. I took her for regular vet checkups. I leash-trained her. I made sure she could understand my commands and hand signals. I rewarded her with treats when she behaved. I admonished her verbally when she didn’t.
Still and all, Zoe was a puppy. I let her wander off to sniff the roses—or, more likely, the territorial marks left by other dogs. When I called, she came, and that was all that mattered. The treat she snuffled up from my hand didn’t hurt, either, other than for her to learn to come promptly.
I began taking her to watch Lily and her schoolmates during the girl’s weekend games. Soccer and baseball were a hit with Zoe. At one point she managed to get away and chase down an errant softball. She returned it to the pitcher, sat down, and waited for her treat. She licked at the pitcher’s hand, seemingly shocked when nothing was forthcoming.
When she didn’t get what she expected, she trotted off the field to the bemused applause of the fans on the sidelines, where I waited patiently. She took the treat I offered. From then on, she knew I was the only one with the goodies.
When the game ended, Lily brought the pitcher over. She wanted to know if she could keep some treats to hand out if Zoe retrieved another ball. I explained how it probably wasn’t a good idea, especially if the team wanted to play nine innings. Zoe might end up retrieving all the fielders. The pitcher thought for a bit and, finally, agreed.


I was settling in nicely, too. I had my own shack on an empty part of the property Allie and her brother, Hank, owned in Panama Crossing. It wasn’t really a shack. It was a trailer with all the conveniences. A couple of slide-outs, running water, heat and cold, and a sewer hookup. It was everything I needed.
I liked to think that I could hook up, move along, and settle down anywhere I wanted to if things got too complicated. Still, I never once thought about doing it. I hunkered down and tried one more time to fit into a business I knew nothing about.
I kept it simple, by mutual agreement with Allie and Hank and Erica. That, and I didn’t think I could handle anything more for the time being.


To add a semblance of normality to my otherwise crazy life, Warren showed up one day. Allie hired him away from the resort hotel to run the outfit’s all-new dockside gift and scuba shop. Warren promptly got tangled up with a waitress from the diner down the street and he was in his element and happy to be here.
Now I needed my own element. I didn’t think I’d ever find it, but old friend Warren helped seal the deal and I was happy once again to be where I was.
I settled in to the duties of wharf rat, responsible for answering the buzzers and doing the electrical and water hookups for the boats that tied off. I fueled, and oiled, and did what was asked of me. I even handled the after-hours call-outs.
It was a good setup, simple and satisfying. It kept me busy and out of trouble and in the good books of Allie and Hank and Erica. I still wasn’t sure about Erica. I knew she blamed me for a lot of what happened with Kara, her sister. I didn’t try denying it. Instead, I went with it and accepted what I figured was my part of the deal as much as I could.
I even stopped drinking. The hangovers got to be no fun at this stage of my life anyway. Slowly, I recognized that it was past time to once again let it all go and move on.


The softball game wasn’t going so well for either side. It was hot and humid and getting on towards dark. The field lights had been turned on. Both teams were making plenty of errors—which was all right, considering it was a game with twelve-year-old girls and boys playing on mixed teams.
I had let Zoe run free. I kept an eye on her as she wandered around, busy making new friends with some of the little kids and their families. Usually, she never went too far. When she didn’t come back for her treat, I became concerned. She had never done that before. Normally, she would circle around in her puppy dog gait, leap and snap at a butterfly or two, and hurry back for the waiting treat.
It was while I was on the lookout for the straying Zoe that I noticed the girl hesitating by the door to the back side of the bleachers. It had a hasp lock on it. She pulled a key out of a pocket and inserted it. The hasp opened. She bent to pet Zoe as the dog snuffled her hands for treats and then shooed her away. She closed the door behind her.
I thought nothing of it. I concluded that like many before her, she had gone behind the bleachers to make out with a boyfriend. I forgot all about the girl and continued watching Lily’s ball game.
Zoe still hadn’t reappeared for the longest time. Obviously, she was in no hurry for her treat. I walked the grounds, searching. I ended up at the entrance beneath the enclosed bleachers. The door was still unlocked. Zoe stuck her head out of the partially open door. When she saw me, she began pacing back and forth, worrying the ground beneath her feet. I pushed the door wide, slowly. I didn’t know if I’d catch a kissing couple or a pair in a clinch of some sort.
Zoe stopped, sat down, and waited. Behind her, a body lay on the ground.
—You should have come to get me, Zoe. We need to call the police.
It was the same girl I had first seen unlocking the door. I checked for a pulse and then stepped back and away from the scene. I called for an ambulance and the police. I stayed outside of the bleachers. While I waited, I attempted to give the woman the once-over while trying not to disturb anything.
She was in her late teens at the very most. Dark hair. Brown eyes. She lay on her back. Her summer dress was pulled down and looked undisturbed. If I was still a cop, I’d have lifted it to see if she had her panties on. No way would I consider doing that now. Her dress covered everything that needed to be covered. She still had her sandals on her feet.
Normal. She looked completely normal, but for the fact she was dead.
There were no obvious signs of trauma. No bruising. No cuts or scrapes or scratches on any part of her that was visible.
Her right hand was clenched in a fist, as though gripping something. I didn’t try to pry open her locked fingers. It wasn’t my job any more. It hadn’t been since I resigned as a detective on the murder squad and left the big-city police department behind a long time ago.
I put Zoe on her leash and we waited patiently by the unlocked door in case any lookie-loos came by. I didn’t want anyone disturbing anything before the professionals showed up to take over.
When the police finally arrived, I faced a barrage of questions. Rather than take a look at the body and how it might have gotten behind the locked bleacher enclosure, they chose to spend their time interrogating me, for some reason.
Aren’t you that beach bum that moved onto the Sands property on the coast? How long have you been there? Why did you move there? What are you doing at the field? When did you arrive? How long have you been here? You’re not going to be leaving now. Not for the foreseeable future, by the look of it.
I shut my mouth for just about all of their questions. I knew better. Besides, I’d once been in a similar situation back in the city. If they were thinking of charging me with a murder they hadn’t yet investigated, I’d need to keep my cards close to my chest.
Finally, I had enough. Zoe was becoming just as impatient. A small crowd was gathering.
—Shouldn’t you take a look at the victim? You know, like you might want to rope off the bleachers and keep the game fans away from the area. And then you might want to keep everyone from leaving until they can be interviewed.
I called Zoe to heel, and we began taking our first steps towards the parking lot.

* * *

THE CUFFS SNAPPED SHUT, and I knew any attempt at an actual investigation had gone by the wayside. That telling action told me pretty much everything I needed to know about the ineffective, clown-car local PD.
Even Zoe couldn’t believe it. That is, until one of the cops attempted to put the boots to her. She dodged the kick, growled, and scampered off toward the waterfront. Smart dog.
I wasn’t so lucky. I wouldn’t be scampering anywhere for the foreseeable future.
After a pat-down, I ended up in the back seat of a cruiser. At the station, I was booked and jailed. Next I knew, the local rag would announce that the crime had been solved and the perpetrator was twiddling his thumbs in a local cell, courtesy of the Chief and his minions.
There were more than a few problems with that cut and dried solution. The primary one was that there had been no investigation. Anyone with even half a brain who paid attention to crime-time television knew better than that.
Eventually, I got to make my phone call. I was left wondering if Erica would even bother to let Allie know where I was being held. When the two of them showed up together, I knew all was good with the world. Whether all Erica wanted was to see me safely ensconced behind bars didn’t enter the equation.
—Zoe misses you.
The women grinned in stereo.
—I’m glad someone does. I was starting to think—
—Don’t think. Get in the car. I had to sign away the business. You’ll cost me a fortune in bail money if you skip.
—How much?
—Don’t ask. Not to change the subject, but they’re searching the trailer as we speak. Are they likely to find anything—
—That was quick. And no. All of my hardware is stored someplace else. I assume that’s what you’re asking about, and not about the reason for the dead body I happened to trip over.
—We’ll be reading about it in tomorrow’s paper. You’re going to need somewhere to stay in the meantime. You won’t be able to get into the trailer.
A cot in the back of the warehouse looked pretty good.
—They must want to wrap this up as quick as they can for some reason. They put the bracelets on me so fast, I thought they were joking. As for the bail hearing, someone must have had the judge waiting in chambers.
—You do realize that there’s a local election coming up, right?
I looked at her, confused.
—An election? No. I no longer watch the news. I don’t even have cable.
Erica shook her head. In fact, Allie did too.
—If the haste with which this investigation is going to be completed is any indication, I’d say we’ll get to hear about your guilty plea, followed by a good hanging party. It should all be covered, including the street festival that follows, on tonight’s news.
—Thanks for that vote of confidence, ladies. You realize I’m innocent in all of this, right?


Allie and Erica were right. I was all over the evening news. I looked pretty dapper in my mug shot—unlike so many others I had viewed over the years in my police work. At least I’d shaved and put on a decent shirt before showing up for Lily’s game. I wasn’t half bad looking, all things considered.
I wasn’t so happy with the reporting, however. They made it sound as though I had fallen off the railcar as it passed through town. I wasn’t happy being portrayed as a traveling rapist and killer. Which lead me to wonder if the autopsy had even been completed.
Allie kindly let me move into the back of the warehouse. Zoe wasn’t entirely happy. She lost access to her favorite air-conditioned trailer. She put up with me, but I could tell even she was wondering if we’d ever get our house on wheels back.
I knew the peace wouldn’t last, and I was right. The press set up shop across the alley behind the business. It definitely wasn’t good for business. That was when I decided to move out.
I located a place in a walk-up near to downtown. It came furnished and allowed pets. Zoe wasn’t really happy until she heard the buzz of the window-shaker cooling the place down. She happily settled in beneath it.
I began walking the streets several times a day with Zoe in tow. It didn’t take long for her to draw a crowd of dog-friendly teenagers. Zoe pranced and sat and sat up and did what she did best—she performed for anyone who paid her any attention.
It wasn’t long before I became known as the railroad guy—as in, I was being railroaded. Everyone appeared to know it but the local police, that is.
The word was that the dead girl Zoe had helped me discover beneath the bleachers was the girlfriend of a local bigwig’s son. He had married the wrong girl a couple of years ago. By now, everyone was convinced that the right one had ended up dead. Whether she was murdered or died of natural causes, no one professed to know.
The police didn’t appear interested in finding out if she was in fact murdered. They didn't seem too interested in wanting to know who might have actually killed her, either.


For my troubles, during one of my walks with Zoe, I ended up in the back of a squad car. When the car slowed to pull over, we were ten miles out of town and I already knew what was coming.
I took the beating like a man until I was knocked almost unconscious and fell to the ground. The boots finished the job. I teetered home on the brink of consciousness, followed by Zoe, and collapsed on the bed.
Even Zoe knew enough not to disturb me.
In the morning, I showered, shaved, and shampooed. Looking fit as a fiddle if I kept my shirt on, I walked out into the street and downtown in search of someone who knew the dead girl’s family.
It only took me a few minutes. I wondered if the police had bothered.
I walked with Zoe to the paint-faded house surrounded by a dilapidated and overgrown yard filled with rusted lawn furniture and children’s toys from another generation. I knocked on the door. Zoe sat down, kept her eye on the closed door, and waited expectantly. When no one answered, she cast a wondering glance up at me. I scratched her behind the ears.
—I know, girl, but investigating sometimes takes longer than we like it to.
Just as I was about to turn and leave, the door opened. A tired-looking older woman who resembled an older version of the girl behind the bleachers wanted to know why I was on her doorstep. Obviously she hadn’t watched the news, or no doubt the door would have slammed in my face.
—It’s about your daughter.
I figured I’d go for it before the woman had a chance to figure out who I was.
—The police have already been here.
—I’m not a cop. I’m a private investigator. I’m sorry for the loss of your daughter.
—Thank you. Darlene was a good girl. That boy led her astray. It’s not that she didn’t know better. She just didn’t believe he was such a loser.
—What can you tell me about the boy?
—I can tell you he fed her a line of BS the entire time he was seeing her. She believed him, too. She’d come home all starry-eyed and thinking he’d be doing the right thing—whatever the right thing was for her. I had no idea.
—Was she pregnant?
—I don’t think so. I never found any pee-sticks in the trash, if that’s what you’re asking.
There went that theory all to hell.
—Did she have any medical problems?
—Well—
I waited.
—She was tired a lot. And she stopped her running. I don’t know why, really. She’s too young for heart problems.
The woman hesitated and then corrected herself.
—She was too young for that—
—You’re probably right.
—I’m so sorry for your loss. I won’t bother you again. Thanks for taking the time to answer my questions.
The only problem was, I was no farther ahead than when I knocked on the door. Except—
Except there were no bruises on the body that I had seen. No blood. Her clothing hadn’t been torn or otherwise disturbed. She still had her sandals on. It didn’t appear as though she had been attacked.
She was lying on her back, though, and there could have been plenty going on there. If I could get back to the scene, I’d take another look around.
—Come on, Zoe. We have someplace we need to be.


Zoe beat me to the ball field and the bleachers. She halted at the unsecured entrance and ran back and forth until I got close. She sat down inside.
—What is it, girl? Did you find something?
She barked and dug at the ground. A single key gleamed in a ray of bright sunlight peeking through the door.
—Good girl.
I reached for a treat and Zoe wandered off, happy and content to have unknowingly been helpful. I tried the key in the lock's hasp. It fit. It had to be too good to be true. I twisted, and the lock opened. I almost jumped for joy. That must have been what the girl had wrapped her fingers around in the closed hand.
Now I had a genuine dilemma. The clown-car cops had obviously missed the clue. Or they found it and tossed it, knowing that it wouldn't help their case against me. In any case, I didn’t have time to think about it.
The tazer hit me in the back and took me to the ground. I urinated in my pants. I knew enough not to struggle and stayed down. It didn’t do any good. I took about half a dozen shots of electricity before I stopped spasming.
Two of the finest cuffed me and piled me into the back of the cruiser. In no time, I was stripped of my clothes. I made a grab for the pair of orange coveralls someone threw at me. I ended up helped into a cell.
—You’re forgetting the phone call I need to make, boys. Come on now. Make it right or it won’t go well during the hearing.
Laughter told me all I needed to know this time, too. I ended up herded before the same judge. This time, it was for violating bail requirements. The only problem with that was, no one had bothered to inform me during my first bail hearing—not even the judge. This was turning out to be too good to be true.
Before the judge could grab his gavel and bang me into submission, I managed to get out a single question.
—Your honor, do you have the conditions of my bail release in front of you?
I didn’t give him an opportunity to let him answer.
—If you’ll recall, you omitted mention of any conditions such as why I’ve been rearrested. In fact, the conditions of my previous release weren’t even read to me. I’m sure a reading of the court’s proceedings will prove that.
—Bail denied.
The gavel fell, and I ended up carted off to jail. It was obvious everyone was up for election.
I wondered how much longer it would be before they attempted to sweat me for information. The trouble with that was, I knew nothing more but what I’d seen at the initial discovery of the girl’s body.

* * *

FOR THE SECOND TIME, my interviewers turned out to be incompetent.
—You’re related to the chief, aren’t you? Isn't there an election coming up in the fall? The chief must need to close this case and hang someone for it. Is he selling tickets to the street party, too?
It wasn’t going to be me that would hang if I had anything to do with it. I settled back in the chair and shut up. I was in it for the long haul now.
It took two days before anyone decided I was missing. By then, Zoe and Zelda had taken to wandering around the compound looking for treats with hangdog expressions on their furry faces. Agitated that they couldn’t find any, they started making a fuss. Lily was the first to realize I was no longer around.
This time, all three women showed up. There were no grins. I figured they must be giving Lily a quick course in obeying the law to ensure she didn’t end up like me.
The lawyer they brought with them showed up with a writ and I was home free. I wondered how much crap I’d be taking from the three of them on the drive home.
—Something smells, Jim. Any idea what’s going on?
I was pleasantly surprised, given Allie’s past association with me.
—The fall election? What’s this chief been doing besides hiring his relatives and sucking the city dry in wages paid to incompetent, untrained employees?
—Here we go, girls. Jim is about to make a run for chief of police.
I looked at Erica like she needed her head examined. Then I thought about it for a bit. Before we arrived home, I’d made my decision.
—If you know me—and no smartass comments, all right?—then you already know I’m not guilty of whatever silliness the local PD is pulling. But I’m not so stupid as to pile on running for election in the fall. I’m not looking for more punishment.
—I could help you campaign after homework and on weekends, Uncle Jim. Zelda could campaign with us. Zoe, too.
I nudged Erica, expecting her to help her daughter decide it would be impossible. My jaw dropped when she didn’t.
—It would be an excellent lesson in civics, Lily. You could write about it and submit it for a class assignment. What do you think, Allie?
I give her a chance to answer, but I wasn’t hopeful now with two in favor.
—Yeah, and when the door slams on me in the state prison, you can come interview me for a story about how I narrowly avoided the death penalty.
The car stopped in front of my trailer. I got out, held up my hands in surrender, and fast-tracked it to the end of the wharf. I wasn’t fast enough. They all followed, badgering me all the way. Even the dogs.
—All right. All right. I’ll think about it. No promises. But first I have to get out from under the fools and incompetents trying to pin a murder on me that looks to be death by natural causes.
They scattered like the wind. I called after them.
—Thanks for getting this hard-core, murdering felon out of jail. Again.
I shook my head and wondered what I’d be letting myself in for. Dirty tricks, no doubt. Probably even dirtier than what I’d just been put through—and I wasn’t talking about the local PD and its incompetents. I was talking about what those three women had just convinced me to try.
I knew I’d be having a hard time convincing them I didn’t really want to do it. Hell, truth be known, I’d have a hard time convincing myself. I just didn’t want them to find out.


I made a quick trip into the city. I headed to a high-profile lawyer I’d need to dig me out from beneath the pile of manure the local PD was dumping on me. He turned me on to a local attorney and suggested that I use her. I’d never heard of her, but since I knew this guy from my days at a big-city PD myself, I trusted him.
—I’ll call to give her a heads up. I wouldn’t be surprised if she already knows what’s going on. She’s a real tiger in a courtroom and never misses an opportunity to rub people’s noses in their own backsides, whether or not their necks are long enough.
We commiserated a bit before I left. He wished me good luck, and I headed home. I made the long drive, no longer sure what I was doing. When I hit rock bottom with my thoughts, I pulled over and dialed. If nothing else, I’d get a laugh at the absurdity of it all.
My new lawyer took my call on the second ring—or her secretary did, I guess. I didn’t even get put on hold.
—Jim Nash. I’ve been watching your antics on the local public-access television station.
—I didn’t realize I was such a celebrity. I don’t watch television.
—Perhaps you should start.
—I’ll reserve judgment on that.
She sounded annoyed all of a sudden.
—I don’t know how to tell you this on the phone, but you need me more than I need you. On the other hand, considering the incompetent way the local PD has been railroading you, I think we’ll end up needing each other.
—It’s that bad, is it?
—I wouldn’t put it that way. More of a local train wreck, I’d say—both yours, and the local PD's, to be exact.
I couldn’t disagree.
—I'm thinking that the local PD has more problems going on than I do.
—I think you might be right. By the way, are you calling from a burn phone? There’s something funny about what’s showing up on my call display.
—Yes. I am. I—
—Get an actual phone. A burn phone looks suspicious. You’re not suspicious, are you? Is there anything I need to know about before I accept you as a client?
—I’ll fill you in when I get there in another hour.
—I’ll keep a light burning in the window.
Kasidi Beale kept a light burning for a long time. I didn’t get in until an hour past dark. When I walked into her office, she walked out to lock us behind the entrance door.
She must have had some good clients at one time. The furnishings looked expensive, but not blatantly so. Reserved, if that’s a word for furnishings. It was nicely laid out, too. A few oil paintings hanging on the wall. I looked for names, but I didn’t recognize any of them.
She caught me out when she returned.
—Nobody anyone knows. Maybe in a few decades. I took them as payment for a couple of cases.
So she did pro bono work too. Good to know.
I looked her up and down. She was an attractive older woman, tall, long-legged, and I hadn’t even seen her legs yet. She filled out her blouse and jacket nicely—but not as nice as Allie still did.
She caught me looking. She removed her jacket, placed it on the back of her chair, and sat down. She straightened in the seat and arched what was attached to her back in my direction. And yeah, she had the complete package going on.
—Fill me in, Jim Nash.
She didn’t give the clock on the wall so much as a glance until well after I finished. Maybe then it was only because of the loud bang that was too close for comfort.


The explosion took out the front windows of Kasidi’s strip-mall law office. After getting up off the floor, we rushed out to witness my automobile’s complete destruction. Fire department sirens approached. We appraised the damage and went back to her office.
—Are you sure you left nothing out? I’m getting the feeling that you’ve pissed someone off in a big way.
—No. I told you everything. Well, almost.
—Spill, sailor. I need to know it all.
I looked at her. I hadn’t heard that expression for a while. It took me by surprise.
—Something I said?
She came around the edge of her desk and leaned back against it. We were a foot apart. My personal space didn’t mind being invaded by this one.
—I’m seeing someone.
—So am I. Now that’s settled, we can move forward. I’ll take your case. First thing tomorrow, you need to call this number.
She handed me a piece of paper.
—It’s the local cable TV station. You know, the homespun news and high school football channel. I’ll call ahead. They’ll come out and interview you. When you know when, let me know, and I’ll stand beside you. We need to get out in front of this, whatever this is. Are you good?
I swallowed hard and nodded assent.
—Now come on. I’ll drive you home. The police will take their time getting here, from what I understand. When they find out for sure it’s your car, they might even put you in jail again just for spite.
I grinned at her.
—Damn, woman—
—They’re not too swift, in case you haven’t noticed. They know just enough to be willfully ignorant, too.
Kasidi drove me home. Before I got out, I convinced her to come with me to Allie’s office. I felt the need to introduce them. I felt the need to let Allie know that my new lawyer was a good-looking, long-legged older woman. I needn’t have worried.
The minute they recognized each other, the laughter began. I thanked the gods and walked back to my trailer. In half an hour, I had both of them on my doorstep. Not wanting to be left out, Erica, Lily, Hank, Zelda and Zoe were there too.
—You guys are killing me. You know that, right? What’s going on?


I looked at Kasidi, then at Allie.
—You didn’t tell me—
She didn’t give me time to finish.
—That’s because I didn’t know where I’d be dropping you off. I’ve known Allie and the business for ages. I helped them to set it up properly when she first arrived. Which reminds me, you three. It’s time we did a review. It’s been quite a while, and I’m pretty sure things have changed.
She looked from Allie to me and back again. I knew right away I wasn’t included in the three.
—What happened to your car, Jim? Did it break down?
—Kind of. It blew up and took Kasidi’s front office with it.
—We’re not going to get any help here, Jim. We need to involve the FBI now. The sooner the better. First thing in the morning, I’ll check with the ME to determine the girl’s cause of death. Once I have that, the rest will be straightforward.
—That ME won’t be any help. I already know that.
Kasidi looked at the three of them. She was almost ignoring me.
—Jim’s explanation of what he saw when he came across the body makes it sound like the cause of death might be natural.
—I’ve thought about it, and there’s nothing I saw that would make me think otherwise. Of course, the coroner—
—He’s one of the honest ones. He’s my husband. He’s been fed up with this small-town Keystone cop circus for just as long as I have.
She looked at all of us while I kicked dirt at the stupidity of calling out the ME.
—Don’t worry. We’ll find our way out and take Jim with us.
I thanked Kasidi for taking me on as a client. Secretly, I was relieved. It sounded like once she got her teeth into a case, she wouldn’t let go until she was satisfied with the outcome. That she’d get the FBI involved was a bonus.
—All right, all of you. Out. I need to get some sleep before I go out and find a beater to drive. I suspect that my legal bill just might exceed my ability to pay, and I don’t want to end up broke because of a new car.
I mumbled something about shyster lawyers. They all laughed, and wandered off, and I was left alone. Even the dogs deserted me.


The place was getting overrun with dogs. I opened the door and a whining Zoe scrambled out to be met by Zelda.
—Oh. Hello. I didn’t realize you were here, too.
Allie held out a huge bag of Chinese and handed it over.
—We haven’t spent much time together since you’ve been back. I thought it would be nice to say hello and bring a housewarming gift.
I waved her in. We’d been huge Chinese food fans over the years.
—I’ve missed this. We used to talk over our cases while we shared.
—Well, neither of us has any cases now, do we? I think it’s been pre-ordained, somehow.
It was getting dark. I went to flip on the lights.
—Leave them off.
Allie stripped off her shirt and wiggled out of her jeans. I watched intently as she struggled just a bit. I knew better than to say a word.
—God, I must have put on more weight than I thought.
I thought about ignoring what I’d just heard and changed my mind.
—No you haven’t. You’re just right. And we’re going to be eating cold food. There’s no way I’m passing this up.
—It goes against my better judgment to sleep with trailer trash. You don’t have Velveeta in your fridge, do you? That would be entirely too much to cope with.
—No, I don’t.
—Well then, everything will be all right. Let’s get busy.
She grinned. I grinned. We got busy.


I wasn’t quite ready for the pillow talk I knew Allie wanted to have. In fact, I wasn’t ready at all.
—You need something to do with your life, Jim. Being a wharf rat isn’t productive. You’ve been treading water since you came back. I understand why. I’d be devastated, too. In fact, I’d probably be destroyed.
The woman was right on all counts.
—What did you have in mind?
—Let me finish. Your background is perfect for the chief of police job. We both know you’ve got loads of experience. You’ve got a good, clean record, too, notwithstanding the silliness of the local PD trying to railroad you.
—Allie—
—I’m not done yet. Erica, Hank, Lily and I have already discussed it. We all agree. You need a challenge. We all think that running in the fall election would be the best thing that could ever happen to you.
—And if I lose?
—I’m not getting in bed with a loser.
—Uuh, excuse me, miss, but you’re already in bed with one.
—If I ever thought you were a loser, I wouldn’t be here to begin with.
—But I screwed up big-time back in the city. Remember? You walked out—not that I blame you. You had every right.
—I made a mistake. I realize that now.
I silently added up all the times I’d screwed up with Allie. I almost didn’t have enough fingers.
—And I’ve made a few too. I’m sorry.
Then it hit me.
—You’re trying to seduce me! In fact, you just did. If I had known—
Zoe’s barking interrupted me mid-sentence. I went to climb over Allie to let the dog out.
—Stay here. I’ll let her out.
She slipped into one of my t-shirts. It barely covered her fine rear as she bent to look out the window.
—Shit. Look at this.
I scrambled out of bed.
—What’s going on? Do I need a gun? Who— we’d better do something.
I pulled on my jeans and scrambled to find another shirt.
—You still look good in a t-shirt, girl.
I pulled her to me and ran my hands beneath it and up her naked back.
—If you say so. And you’d better handle that crowd out there or we’ll never have peace in this family.
I liked the sound of that.

* * *

I PUSHED OPEN THE DOOR, prepared for almost anything. Three lawn chairs and two dogs greeted me. They were just far enough away that they wouldn’t have been subjected to the sounds of our lovemaking. Discrete, I guess you could call it.
Three pairs of hands applauding and two barking dogs made it impossible to say anything. I help up my hands in defeat. Allie huddled behind me, the shirt barely covering what needed to be covered. I dragged her beside me. She tried holding down the shirt. Every time she let go, it went back to daredevil territory.
—It’s fine, Allie. You’re covered. Next time, guys, send a warning text before putting us on stage.
My surprise was complete. They were all looking at me like they expected me to say something. It was too soon for a marriage proposal. Or an engagement announcement. I fumbled and stumbled and cleared my throat.
—I’d like to thank you all for coming.
Allie poked me in the ribs. I couldn’t stop it. I wore a huge grin. It wouldn’t stop. Erica cleared her throat and blushed. Hank applauded. Allie punched me in the shoulder. Zelda and Zoe barked in appreciation. Poor Lily didn't know what to think. And Warren was in the back, grinning at me like a banshee.
—I’d like you all to know that I’ll be accepting the nomination to run for the chief of police. On one condition.
—Don’t be shy now. Let it all hang out.
Erica would say that. It was my turn to blush when I looked at her.
—I have to get this sword hanging over me pointed in the right direction. Until then, I won’t be committed to any such thing as an election campaign.
They gathered up their lawn chairs. Zoe bounded into the trailer.
—You did it, Allie. You convinced him.
It was Allie’s turn to blush. I slapped her rear as she climbed the step into the trailer. She spent far too long with her back to me, rubbing her rear hiding beneath the shirt.
—You’re doing that on purpose.
She pulled the shirt over her head and turned to face me. A forearm and a hand covered the strategic bits of her body.
—You’re damn right, I am. I thought you’d never notice.
She grinned.
—Oh I noticed all right.
I picked her up and carried her back to bed. Zoe was already there, waiting.
—Zoe, it’s time for you to go to your own bed.


The morning sun streamed through the window. We shared warmed-over Chinese for breakfast in bed. Allie sat up and the sheet slipped away and came to rest in her lap. I wouldn’t allow her to rearrange it. I couldn’t force my eyes away from her if I tried.
I didn’t try.
—You’re a beautiful woman, Allie.
—It’s been a long time. Gravity does funny things to a woman’s body. I haven’t even had children yet.
—I’m thinking two.
—We’re getting ahead of ourselves. The food is getting cold.
I eased the covers the rest of the way with no resistance.
—Let it.


Allie had barely beaten a path out of my place and across the yard in the too-short t-shirt. I whistled my appreciation just as a strange car pulled up in front of the trailer. Allie increased her walk-of-shame pace across the lot and disappeared. I went to see who the latest visitors were.
Kasidi had wasted no time. After checking out a couple of FBI wallets, I made coffee and hauled out the lawn chairs. We drank terrible coffee, and I apologized.
—Don’t worry. We’ve had worse at our office. Kass Beale talked to us last night. We received clearance from the state AG to look into what’s been going on down here.
Judging by the number of pages covered with writing in their notebooks, and the few pages remaining, I suspected that an investigation had been going on for some time.
—I’ll tell you what I know. I’ll leave it up to you to make up your own minds.
—We wouldn’t have it any other way. And damn, that is awful coffee.
By the time I finished my sad tale of woe, it was getting on to late afternoon. I had an appointment for an after-lunch meeting with the local access channel. When I didn’t show up, they took it upon themselves to appear out of the blue.
The FBI team gave me a dirty look, but by then it was too late. They were on video, and slated for the local six p.m. access-TV news hour. They mumbled a couple of no comments and managed to slink out of the parking lot, subdued, but not in the least upset by then.
I didn’t have the nerve to let the girl and the cameraman know I didn’t even have a television set to watch the proceedings. I figured they’d be disappointed. Besides, I wanted them to come back the next time I called.
When the camera shut down, I asked if they’d chatted with the local ME as to the cause of death. Apparently, they’d been trying to get that out of the police chief’s office with no results so far.
I passed on Kasidi’s phone number and let them know that her old man was the ME in question. I admonished them to make sure they didn’t paint him in a poor light. He was one of the honest ones, after all. They agreed to check it out before they drove off.
It was Lily who came over to pound on my door and invite me to watch the flack with everyone as it was shot into the air by the local news crew. With my trailer in the background, and the two FBI agents for color, the woman painted a pretty accurate picture of the corruption that had been going on in the parish.
When my story was finished, the mumbling began. They all wanted to know how much longer the two FBI agents would be around.
—I didn’t go into details with the news crew. Apparently, the Feds have been looking into things for a while. They as much as said that it would be another month, maybe two, before charges could be filed. They swore me to secrecy. You too, now.
Lily murmured the names of a couple of months and did some counting on her fingers.
—Uncle Jim, we’ve got three months to go streetwalking for a new chief of police. When are we going to get started?


I started the next day. I made my way to prepare a couple of hundred flyers, then spent the afternoon handing them out as I walked block after block back-and-forth downtown.
The goon squad kept an eye on me, but there wasn’t much they could do to stop me. Just for spite, I even slipped a couple of flyers past their open windows. In seconds, it was tossed back out. Litterbugs, all of them. Lawbreakers too, apparently.
I’d about worn out my shoes and my feet by supper time. I beat a hasty retreat to the photocopy shop, ran off another couple of hundred, and headed home. I collapsed in a sweaty pile of fatigue and dozed off.
The next day at lunch, I showed up at Lily’s school and convinced her we should head to all the playground parks. I just happened to have two dogs and their associated leashes in the back seat. The two dogs had never had so many hands and faces to lick in their entire lives.
They happily sat back on their haunches and got hugged, squeezed and pulled at by dozens of pre-schoolers accompanied by their mothers. They all took a flyer. None ever tossed one into a trash bin from what I could see.
I thought we were doing pretty well until the local TV crew showed up. By the time they left, we were doing even better. Not only were we getting coverage, but having Lily and the dogs along on playground patrol made for good television.
By the time I packed Lily off to school and headed home to the trailer, I’d had enough excitement for one day. Zelda and Zoe jumped out of the car so fast I thought they’d gotten a bad scare. When next I saw them, they were fast asleep in their world of doggy dreams.
I knew it was too soon for my problems to be over. I also knew that there’d be an end in sight once the FBI finished its investigation and laid some charges. Waiting was the hard part. That, and keeping on believing that it was only a matter of time.
When fans of a new police chief approached me about helping on the campaign, I made arrangements to rent space in a downtown strip mall with plenty of parking. I didn’t want my supporters to end up with parking tickets courtesy of my esteemed opponent.
Mostly, things chugged along nicely. With the help of Allie and Erica and the free assist of the fine folks down at the local cable station, I had plenty to occupy my time.
I never once thought things were going too good. Given my bad luck record of the past, I knew better.


Someone must have fed my big city credentials to the local TV station. I wondered if it might have been my lawyer, since she was a friend of my girlfriend, and had overseen her business arrangements. That I got along well with Kasidi, and that we had reached an understanding on our first meeting, must have gone a long way to cementing our legal relationship.
I asked her, but she denied it all. The wink she gave me was adequate testament to her denial, and from then on, I knew all of us would be friends.
Before long, the true story came out about the girl Zoe and I had discovered beneath the bleachers. She’d long had a heart problem, as testified to by her family. The autopsy finally released by the local PD confirmed it.
The press went after the police chief. During the confrontation about the autopsy results and the huge delay in releasing the document, he denied everything. He chose to put the blame squarely on the community for its attitude of holding back funding and other resources from his department. He insisted training for his officers had been reduced as a result.
To me, it was more like training had been reduced in order that more of his family members could be hired on with the department.
The campaign didn’t really get dirty. It veered slightly when the chief was confronted about attempting to hang a murder charge on an innocent man. He just shrugged and again mumbled something about funding and training.
Although my supporters wanted me to keep at him, I refused. It took some convincing to assure them that in the long run, it didn't matter. People knew right from wrong, even if it took them a while to figure it out.
Local access TV news kept things on the up and up. It got embarrassing after a while, but I shrugged and accepted that a viable alternative had presented itself. There was no way that the locals were going to accept anything short of a new chief for the department.
Zoe and Zelda continued to be favorites. They made for good local color. That they turned out to be a couple of hams didn’t hurt. Daphne, the local reporter, eventually started showing up with pockets full of treats for both of them. Now that was embarrassing for sure, but hey, what could I do?
All’s fair in war and elections.


When it was said and done, and the campaigning was over, I had won by a narrow victory of a hundred votes. While that was a minor miracle, I dutifully made the acceptance speech. Of course, I held off from rubbing anyone’s noses in such a narrow win.
My honorable opponent refused to accept defeat. With all of his hand-picked officers behind him, he demanded a recount. The very next day, he filed papers for just such a thing to occur. He more than likely wasn’t aware that the ballots would be collected and sealed, only to be taken out to a closed and locked room while the recount was overseen.
A day later, the last official count was revealed. My victory had expanded to just over fifteen hundred votes. Again, rather than crow about it, I compiled the paperwork to fire the entire police department’s officers. I held off announcing it and instead made some phone calls.
By next day, I confiscated the keys to every cruiser and locked them away. I sent out a notice assigning everyone to full uniform. The day after that, I headed up the morning briefing.
—Pick up your ticket books on your way out of the briefing room, gentlemen. You’re to cover every street in the community on foot patrol.
By noon, I had three men walk off the job. At shift end, another two did the same. No one showed up for the morning meeting the next day. En masse, they turned in their belongings and snarled their way out the door. By then, I had my hard-boiled eggs all in the same diner.
I was ready for the blow-back.
A quick call to the local television station had them out front of the building first thing in the morning. I showed up with my fellow officers in tow. Five were retired from my city-cop days. Another two had resigned from the same, fed up with the big-city crap they’d been putting up with for entirely too long.
At the press conference to announce the proceedings, I was surrounded by a cadre of my former partners in crimes and misdemeanors. During questioning, most announced they were retired. Some took leaves of absences. I knew all would enjoy the paid holiday until full-time employees got hired.
I faced questions about the costs that would be incurred. I announced that many were volunteers until I could re-staff the department. I had a smile on my face when I suggested than any of the officers I had fired could apply.
When questioned about the wisdom of that decision, I explained that, unlike the previous chief, I would properly vet every applicant through the local HR department. When I explained I had no relatives that I wanted to hire, and that if anyone should turn up and announce that they were a relative, to please escort them to the town’s boundary and call me when they left.
That got a round of applause. My first official act as the new chief saw me pinning a badge on Zoe’s neckerchief. The little ham showed me up by sitting back on her haunches and raising a paw on cable news. I didn’t know it at the time, but that little stunt would go viral on some internet channel thing that I barely knew about over the coming weeks.
When the press conference concluded, I was smack dab in the middle of my first official controversy. Lily and Zelda had been witnesses from the back of the crowd to my appointing Zoe as a badge-carrying member of the police department. 
—Uncle Jim. You made Zoe a policeman. What about Zelda?
The look on Lily’s face told me right away that I was in big trouble. Zelda didn’t help matters any. She snuffled around Zoe and looked up at me like I was a complete idiot for ignoring a little girl and her dog.


I knew better than to go home right away. I made excuses about having to stay late. I rummaged through the evidence locker with the help of a civic employee I hadn’t fired. Together, we managed to come up with an official vest for a police dog the department didn’t know it had.
I didn’t ask if the dog drew a salary. If he did, I would fix it later.
Later that night, at the barbecue on the wharf, I presented Zelda with her official vest. There was a moment of panic when the fat old dog had to suck in her tummy to get the Velcro fastened, but eventually we prevailed.
Zelda strutted around all night, sniffing and snuffling and occasionally barking once or twice. No one seemed to mind, least of all Lily, who happily chased after her.
My first official crisis as the new chief of police had narrowly been averted, in the nick of time.


Startup Blues


I GRABBED MY GO-BAG and headed down to the wharf as soon as I heard the Caravan’s engine overtop of the resort. I helped load a couple of the resort’s departing passengers and we flew direct to Kendall and the executive airport. The passengers would board their private jet for the return flight home. I condescended to join them on the tarmac and shoot the breeze while I waited for the FBO to bus me to the terminal and my rental.
I had nothing but time. One thing could be said about being the chief of police in a smaller city. It’s kind of boring when you have competent help. If my job was any indication, I'd found it. To make sure, I’d hired on some of my old colleagues from the big city who were looking for a quieter life. That, and some retirees looking to double dip.
I took the cheap route into the city and pulled into the back lot of one more deco building in downtown Coral Gables. I was supposed to be meeting Avery Collins. She’s the one who had contacted me about the threatening emails and texts her boss had been receiving.
The outfit she worked for was a startup that specialized in, oh, I don’t know, something twenty-first-century that produced apps or software primarily for phones. Apparently, the business was successful. According to Avery, the present owner bought it out from her partner and moved the business south to get out of the city. So far, she’d been a success on her own.
Not to prejudge, but perhaps that was part of the problem. Maybe the former owners were envious now that the business was a going concern and making plenty of money. It’s called jealousy. It isn’t limited to men and women and their personal relationships.
I wanted to get a look at those email headers. I followed Avery up the stairs towards the second floor office space. The scent of expensive perfume in just the right amount trailed after the woman. I was impressed. A little went along way-just the way I liked it.
—Did you tell your boss about involving me in this? If you didn’t, you should.
—No. I thought I’d get your opinion first and perhaps take it up with her after you’ve had a look.
Avery led me into a spacious office. It was furnished in what I called very expensive IKEA modern. To me, that meant every piece was purposefully designed and probably ten times as costly as it needed to be. It all went to show that the company had arrived. I didn't care. It wasn’t my business. Hell, I could run my side business as a private investigator out of a phone booth-except there weren’t many of those left.
She sat behind her desk and slid the computer across to me.
—Is this your laptop?
—Yes. I do all the email. Sending. Receiving. Texting, too. And replies. Sometimes I have to check with Maria, but mostly, she allows me to proceed on my own. She tries to keep me as informed as possible. I accompany her to meetings and take notes.
I plugged in my key and ran search software. I ended up in a loop. So far, there was no way of identifying the sender. Not at all unusual if he knew what he was doing. I left the software running, just in case it came up with anything, before I headed off to my hotel.
—I'll need copies of the emails. I need to look at the headers, just in case. Is there anything else I should know? What about the texts?
She handed me the phone. I scrolled through the past several days.
—It’s a busy account. No wonder you didn’t notice right away.
Outgoing and incoming were in equal numbers. Plenty of them.
—We use an auto-responder, mostly. It saves time when I don’t have to reply personally to every text we receive.
The gist of the problematic texts were basically the same as the emails, only in fewer characters.
—Who has your boss pissed off recently?
A pained expression crossed Avery’s face.
—No one that I know of. At least, none that would want to kill her.
—And you?
—Me? What do you mean?
I think she must have thought I was putting her in the lineup as a possible guilty party.
—Yes. You. As her representative. Who have you annoyed?
She smiled warmly and exposed whitened teeth behind glossed lips. 
—No one. Unless turning down dates will do it. But then, I don’t use company phones for private business. Or private shenanigans, for that matter.
I returned the smile, only it wasn’t as expensive. My teeth hadn’t had the whitening. And I didn’t wear gloss.
—Good to know. Now about those former owners that she bought out when the company was on the downswing. Tell me what you know about them.
Avery sat back in her chair. I think she was about to swing her feet up onto the desk and cross her ankles when she remembered she was wearing a dress. She thought better of it, pulled her chair and her legs under it, and leaned forward on her elbows. She regarded me with wide eyes and blushing cheeks.
—I’m sorry. I’ve been so relaxed since meeting you—
—Not a problem. I have that effect on some people. You were about to tell me—
—Yes. The former owners. Three of them. Well, they were happy that Avery attempted to pick up the pieces. I don’t think they were expecting her to come up with the cash. High fives all around after she cut the check and walked out of the boardroom.
—So that part was a surprise for them. Was there anyone else who might have wanted to buy it at a rock-bottom price? And why did she walk out of the boardroom? Didn’t she own it from that point in time?
Avery thought for a moment. She pushed her chair back and moved to the window. Sunlight streamed into the office, causing her shadow to fall across me. When she turned, I didn’t have to squint. I had a clear view.
—I don’t know for certain, but I think perhaps at least one of the previous owners wanted to buy. I have no proof, so if you ask Maria, don’t mention my name. It’s what I heard via the grapevine. The rumor was that they were waiting for the bottom to fall even farther, so they could pick it up for next to nothing.
—Maria beat them to it.
She turned back to the window.
—Do you have any plans for dinner, Jim?
The invitation came completely out of the blue. I unplugged my key from her laptop.
—None at all, beyond that I’ll be eating at some point. Did you have something in mind?
I learned my hotel had a trendy dining nook I shouldn’t overlook while I was in town. I thought that I shouldn’t overlook Avery, either. She was an attractive woman, long and lean and a looker to boot. We settled on a time. 
—I’ll expect you in the lobby.
She showed me out and closed the door. Through the window, I could see her on her phone, talking animatedly. I wanted to be a fly on the wall listening in. She looked up, smiled warmly at me, and waved. I wondered if she was turning down some poor schmuck to go on an unplanned dinner with me.


I made my way to my rental and the hotel. Before heading upstairs, I took a look at the restaurant. It was trendy. Pricey, too. It wasn’t open yet, but I waved over someone who looked important, slipped him a twenty, and reserved the table in the darkest corner of the room.
While I hung my clothes, I went over what Avery had been able to tell me about the business. There were fifteen employees. That was down fifty from before she took over. Obviously, the woman made the cuts to survive. I wondered why the previous owners hadn’t done the same. It crossed my mind that perhaps they actually wanted to run the company into the ground, for whatever reason.
I checked my email and looked over what Avery had forwarded. I was just about to run the headers through a domain searcher when the knock on the door took me by surprise. I was even more surprised when I opened it and Avery appeared, perfectly dressed and made up to look like a million.
—I don’t think we can get into the restaurant until much later.
She caught me looking her over. The look was hard to miss. I only hoped I wasn't drooling, too.
—That’s all right. I thought we could go for a walk.
I didn’t kick her out. I let her sit and watch as I readied myself for, for, well, whatever it was she was up to. I took a chance.
—If you’d like to stay, we can order in.
She cocked an eye and smiled. There was trouble if I ever saw it.
—I didn’t wear this just to take it off an hour after I put it on. At least let me show it off first.
Promises. We smiled and blushed, and I had to open my mouth.
—In that case, come with me and I’ll show off everything about you.
I offered my arm, and she took it. I pressed it close. She didn't appear to mind. Neither did I.
—Where would you like to go, Avery?
—That’s for me to know and you to find out.


What I didn’t know was that Avery’s penthouse was only a couple of blocks distant. She was leading me in that direction when the drizzle began. By the time we reached the entrance to her building, it had turned into a hard rain. We squished into the elevator. The doors opened on a penthouse not much larger than her office. I knew right away who had furnished both places.
—Don’t go away. I’ll be right back.
Avery returned in a short robe. She handed me its twin, and I went to get out of soaking wet clothes. On my return, I was subjected to a cold drink and what looked to be a very warm woman.
She hadn’t bothered to remove her dark stockings. She made sure the pattern was plainly visible at the tops of white, well-shaped thighs when she crossed them. I made sure to look.
Normally, I wouldn’t have been suspicious, but we’d only met mere hours before. Avery was awfully eager to get me on her side. One way or the other. I waited while she checked her pinging phone for a text.
—I'm sorry, but I have to answer this.
She scrolled through the messages.
—It’s Maria. She wants to come up.
I beat a hasty retreat to the bathroom and donned my still-soggy suit just in time to have Maria usher me quickly into her bedroom.
—Do you mind? I don’t want her to know you’re here. I shouldn’t be long.
I wasn’t able to listen in on the conversation through the closed door. I managed to hear the penthouse elevator doors close when the woman left. I walked back into the living room.
—I think she knew I had company. I didn’t have time to make our glasses disappear.
—That’s all right. I need to be going, anyway. I probably shouldn’t be here, either. I’ll check in with you tomorrow at your office if that will be all right.
Avery walked me to the door. On the way out, she brushed my face with the back of her hand.
—You need a shave.
Before she closed the door, she kissed me on the cheek. I briefly considered walking back in, but something about discretion being the better part of valor took over my sensibilities.
I still had a few, so I left.
Reluctantly.


I hurried upstairs to my room and changed into something more comfortable than a soggy suit before testing the waters for my solo dinner at the hotel’s restaurant. On the way to my table, the maitre d’ informed me that a young lady was waiting. That was news to me until I saw who it was.
Maria looked up and smiled as I approached.
—I checked with the hotel. They told me you had a reservation. I hope you don’t mind. I decided I wanted to join you.
—I don’t mind in the slightest.
I held out my hand.
—I’m—
—I know who you are. I saw you talking with Avery earlier today. And yes, it’s a small operation. It’s not big enough to get lost in, although I’m hoping it will be soon enough.
If the attractive, dark-haired woman sitting in front of me had gone to the bother of finding out where I’d be eating dinner, she obviously wasn’t one to which I should tell any lies.
—You’re hoping it will be soon enough? You’re looking at acquiring financing, then.
—Yes. And it could be touchy if the lenders found out I’m on a wanted list, if you’ll pardon the expression.
It worked for me.
—Avery asked me to come in to discuss the threats you've been getting. Are you aware of them?
—Only peripherally. I get copies automatically sent to me of all her incoming and outgoing emails. Don’t tell her that, by the way. It’s confidential. I didn’t take the threats seriously. I’m surprised she did.
—Do you see incoming texts?
—Yes. I see those, too, when I bother to look. Most of the time, I can’t be bothered unless it’s a complaint about one of our apps. Then Avery brings them to my attention.
—So then, you know—
She regarded me across the table.
—Of course I know.
—Then why didn’t you—
—Because I don’t need the publicity right now. I’m trying to grow the business. If people find out that I’m being threatened, or that the company is in trouble, whether true or not, it’s bad news that we don’t need publicized.
—It certainly wouldn’t be coming from me.
—No, but it’s a small world in the software app industry. It only takes one person to leak. And doubly frustrating, I’m a sole woman owner and in charge. I think you know how that goes over.
I had to admit I did. I also let her know I was familiar with the news reports of the stereotyping suffered by women in the software industry. We enjoyed dinner talking about what drew her into the world of software and how it pushed her towards phone apps. I let her go on until she stopped suddenly and regarded me.
—You’re quite the charmer. I’ve been telling you all about me while not asking anything about you. Do you often have this effect on women?
I blushed and smiled.
—It’s my job, mostly, but in this case—
—I think in this case I’m making it easy for you, aren’t I?
It was her turn to blush, a light pink that settled beneath her neck and moved subtly lower.
—Look at it this way. I’m getting to know you, while already you know me so well that you’re finishing my sentences.
Maria flushed an even deeper pink and excused herself. I observed a tall, dark-haired, extremely attractive woman walking away. Her long hair swung from side to side with every step. I hoped she wouldn’t be crawling out a window in her haste to make good an escape.
I paid the check just in case, and then waited patiently.

* * *

THE CAR CAME OUT of nowhere with its engine screaming. Tires spun and squealed on damp pavement. A beer can smashed against a wall, exploded, and sprayed its contents everywhere. I tugged roughly on Maria’s arm and yanked her out of the way. The older vehicle sped past. Blacked-out windows and missing plates told me nothing.
Maria collapsed against me. I caught her before she went down. I steadied her with an arm and edged her to the far side of the walkway.
—Don’t move. I’ll be right back.
I checked with the hotel doorman. The car had been parked about an hour, maybe a little less. He didn’t see anyone getting in or out the entire time. I thanked him and slipped him a ten before returning to Maria.
—Now do you believe there’s something going on that you have no control over?
I walked her across the busy intersection in the slight drizzle. I kept a wary eye out for more of the same in the many cars hurrying past.
—Jim-
I halted on the sidewalk. She was still shaking uncontrollably.
—Come home with me.
—I’ll flag a taxi.
In this weather, finding one wouldn’t be easy.
—It’s not that far.
In five minutes, we were at her building’s front door. In another two, the elevator door opened to a large penthouse with a view of the city to kill for-in a good way, of course. It would seem that both women had the cash. I wondered where it came from originally.
—Sit down. I’ll be right back.
She changed into a pair of slacks and a blouse. Her makeup had been removed, replaced with only a bit of lip gloss. Like many women, it was all she needed. She smiled at me again. She seemed to do that a lot.
—What? You were expecting something else?
It was my turn to blush.
—Well—
Maria didn’t finish my sentence this time. Instead, she held out her hand.
—Come on. It’s not so cold that we can’t check out the view.
I wondered how many others she’d made the same offer.
—Not that many. Now come on.
It was as though she could read my mind.
—Quite the view, isn’t it?
I offered Maria my jacket in the cool, damp air. She led me back into her apartment and took it anyway. I helped drape it over her shoulders.
—What are you doing tomorrow?
My answer was obvious, even to me.
—I’ll be trying to figure out who it is that has taken a sudden dislike to you. Shouldn’t that be obvious?
—Well, of course. But besides that- have you ever been on an air boat?
—It’s not something I thought about much, but no. I’ve always wanted to, though.
But not in the middle of an ongoing investigation.
—I’ve been wanting to take some away time for a while. We’ll go tomorrow. I’ll pick you up first thing.
She kept my jacket and ushered me into the elevator. She rubbed my cheek with the back of her hand and smiled as the door closed. I wondered what had just happened.
Maria seemed all but oblivious to the fact that someone was trying to frighten her by threatening her life. Whether it was a genuine threat, I still didn’t know.
And now she was hauling me off to the swamp for a boat ride. I’d be on the clock-her clock. I wondered if she realized that.


Maria picked me up bright and early. I didn’t fail to notice the picnic basket in the back seat of her convertible with the top down. She announced we’d be on the road for ninety-minutes.
—Where are we off to that needs lunch along for the ride?
—So you’re a detective after all.
I shook my head.
—You’re being obvious. Should I be flattered?
She was paying for my time. I couldn’t complain.
—That’s up to you. I just thought I’d show you one of my favorite places to watch alligators. We might as well have lunch before heading back.
—You do realize that you’re paying me for this, right?
—Will I be getting my money’s worth? Do I need a bodyguard in the middle of nowhere?
—Only if the alligators are the two-legged variety.
She looked across the seat.
—In that case, I’ll be sure to be on guard.
The back of her hand brushed my face.
—You shaved.
—Sometimes a man has to make sacrifices if he wants to get ahead of the game.
She had a quick comeback.
—And sometimes a man needs to relax and let go.
I tried to ignore what she said and contemplate life instead. It was difficult when the woman I was sitting beside was dressed to impress in a pair of sensible shorts, a tight white blouse, topped by a scarf blowing in the wind. Was I suddenly in a modern version of an old film noir? I squinted like a kid, but I still couldn’t see us in black and white.
Maria slowed and pulled off the highway. In ten minutes we were at a modern-looking cabin sitting on stilts. It was surrounded on three sides by swamp. A boathouse almost as big as the chickee beside it was out back.
—Keep an eye out for the gators. I’ll be right back.
I wondered if perhaps it might be the two-legged variety I should know.
An hour later, I was sunburned and tired. We ended up on the screened-in porch drinking wine and eating sandwiches Maria had made for the trip into the swamp. I concentrated on trying not to show my age by not yawning. It was a struggle to keep my head from nodding, too.
So much for not showing my age.
Someone pounding on the door brought me out of my reverie. A female voice called Maria’s name. It sounded too much like Avery.
—Maria.
She stopped short when she saw me on the veranda.
—I’m sorry. I didn’t know you had company.
—It’s all right. I think you already know Jim.
I caught Avery’s side-eye and threw it back. Damned if I was going to make excuses when I'd been invited on a buggy ride by Maria. All she wanted to do was show me some alligators.
And maybe show off her legs in the process.


When the lead began flying, I pulled two beautiful women to the floor and immediately climbed on top to shelter them as best I could. It was in the heat of battle, making small talk with a strange man beside them, when they admitted they were sisters. Fraternal twins.
So much for the line of reasoning I had been developing. Avery had nothing to do with the threatening messages. While it didn’t mean that she couldn’t, it took some of the heat off of her assistant. Still, I wondered why neither of them had mentioned it before now.
I made the mistake of leaving my hardware back at the hotel. I found myself begging the women for a handgun. As a consequence of their being residents of the state, I ended up with two when each fished into their bags. I thanked them profusely and asked about the likelihood of alligators before I stepped out onto solid ground surrounded by swamp.
Before I could take a step outside, a swamp boat’s powerful aircraft engine echoed off the line of trees in the distance. If the shooter was still around, he wouldn’t be for long.
—That’s probably the shooter’s boat. I need one of you to pilot me to that grove of trees. It’s the closest to your cabin.
Which was more like a mansion, but I didn’t let on. There was no sense letting anyone think I was a big-city hick. I had no problem when both of them jumped on board. I couldn’t blame them. I wouldn’t want to be alone and left behind if someone had taken pot-shots at me, either.
The flat-bottomed aluminum tin can drifted out of the boathouse. The un-muffled aircraft engine fired up in a cloud of blue smoke. Maria explained the engine hadn't been started in ages. As a result, excess oil had collected in the bottom cylinders.
She handed me a pair of earmuffs, advanced the throttle slowly, and we were at speed in no time. Grass slapped against the bottom of the boat. She expertly steered around the occasional patch of dry ground obscured by the grass. 
Judging by the way she handled the boat, I'd think Maria was a swamp girl from way back. Avery touched my arm and pointed at flocks of birds taking flight as we sped past.
Maria throttled back as we approached the suspect grove of trees. The boat bumped dry ground, and I stepped out. Other than a bit of flattened grass, there was nothing left behind that would offer any clues. The tall grasses and soft moss concealed any sign other than some flattening that was popping back up as we arrived.
We headed back to the cabin to regroup. I needed to re-think the reasons for the threats.
—Now that I know you’re sisters, I need each of you to come up with a list of possibilities for the threats. Personal and business. Who did you date? Who did you dump that took offense when you ended up dating someone’s friend? That kind of thing.
—You can’t be serious.
—Don’t leave anyone out, no matter how impossible you think it might be. When you’re done, I want you both to talk through your lists while I ask questions.
I headed for the boat and the picnic basket and brought the food in. While the women discussed former boyfriends, I set out what was left of our meal in the dining room. It would be a meager meal for sure.
—Come and get it or I’ll feed it to the four-legged alligators.
Loud laughter followed me into the kitchen. The noisy discussion ended immediately. The food disappeared almost as fast as if I was feeding real alligators.
—Are you going to leave some for me, or do I have to order in? And where's the beer?
They regarded each other and then me with a look I recognized.
—I guess that means there isn't any.


When the dust and the sisters settled, the women presented a list of a dozen possibilities. I helped them shortlist just over half-a-dozen of the more serious. Other than that, there was no way to tell if a rando had inserted him or herself into the equation. There was no way to find out, either.
—We have to go with the list. We settled on seven. Tell me why.
Their reasoning sounded plausible to me. Outside of petty office grievances, there was no reason to suspect employees. The best had been carried over to the new business. If it was to be an employee, it might be one who had been let go.
As far as former owners, both had dated one or the other. There was no love lost, but even so, the breakups had been amicable, and each had worked with their former partners in the old firm. That none had been brought over said they had little faith in them.
Once we’d settled on the reduced list, I inquired about boat rentals in the immediate area. There were three. I suggested we drive out to see if we could learn if there had been any recent rentals.
—Put your short-shorts on and we’ll see what turns up. While you detract from the obvious, I’ll wander down to the docks and check for warm engines. In this heat, they won’t be cooling off that fast.
We headed for the car and I was treated to a leg extravaganza, the likes of which I hadn’t seen since I left the city. I tried hiding my interest, but I think they knew anyway. I never was much for concealing anything when it came to women in my life. Not that these two were in my life, but I could hope.
We stopped at all three of the boat rental facilities. They all had small stores. Avery picked up groceries in each, and we were in business for dinner. It hinted that we’d be staying overnight. Perhaps that would draw the shooter, forcing him to make another attempt in the dark of night.
I unfolded the map I had added to the grocery bag and spread it out on the dining room table.
—There was one warm engine.
I pointed to the location of the rental.
—If he’s the one, whoever it was might come back later tonight if he recognized us nosing around. We could park out of sight somewhere on his route back to where I think the shots came from. It would put us in the middle of it. If we stay here, we’d be sitting ducks for a marksman at night.
The women looked at each other and then at me.
—Which means no lights.

* * *

I SETTLED INTO in my room on the second floor of the cabin. And some cabin it was by the time I took a look around. It was a house-a rich person’s house. A chickee, but designed to be much fancier. It fit right in with the landscape of water and tall grass and the expanse of sky. It was obvious it had been designed to do just that.
Thick wooden supports. A thatch roof. An open design with screened windows all around meant to be left open. A huge patio. Compared to what I’d witnessed at the air boat locations, this family of two was moneyed. With plenty of it, by the look.
A knock on the door took me out of my reverie. I rolled out of bed in the dark and shuffled to the door. To my complete surprise, I opened it to discover two disheveled women.
—We can’t sleep. We’re scared. We don’t know what to expect. And—
For a moment I considered- well, I’m not sure what I considered.
—And so you’re up here because you’re frightened.
I opened the door wide and stepped aside.
—Crawl into my bed. You can share it.
I knew they were sincere, because not another word issued forth from either of them. Instead, the sound of steady breathing took over the room almost immediately. I grabbed by clothes and headed downstairs to the living-room sofa.
I waited until it was not quite sunup before planting my feet on the floor. I checked the magazines of the small-caliber automatics the women had handed over to me yesterday. I checked the actions, too. Both were clean and lubricated. Obviously well-cared for. I wondered if any of the men in their lives had been as well taken care of.
In the light of a sinking full moon, I ambled down to the end of the dock. I debated what I was about to do. I had never ran an air boat in any of my previous lives. I looked up at the bedroom window. The curtain shifted to reveal a woman looking down. I purposely delayed until whoever it was dressed and made it to the dock.
—I couldn’t sleep after I woke up. I saw you were gone, so I figured-
It was Avery, dressed and ready to go.
—You figured right.
In the moonlight, even without makeup, she was strikingly beautiful. As was her sister, who bounded down the dock to join us moments later.
—Well, let’s not stand around measuring our dicks. I’ll cast off while you figure out who’s driving.
—Would you like to drive?
—I would. But not at night. That’s your job. You’re familiar with the swamps.
I hoped.
I'd figured them for a couple of city girls until Maria took the helm of the boat yesterday and displayed her expertise. With this expanse of swampland, either someone had sold them a bill of goods and they wanted to make the best of it, or they were both swamp girls from way back.
I went with the second and untied. I pushed off and leaped aboard. I joined Maria on the lower seat as Avery busied herself with firing up. The starter whined and the engine caught and fired in a cloud of blue smoke. She sped away from the dock and headed out across the lagoon. I couldn’t be certain in the high wind, but when I looked back, I thought I could detect a smile as she looked down at me.
On this go-round the noise wasn’t as bad as I had first thought. Maria explained how the four-bladed prop, belt drive, and mufflers kept noise to a minimum for an airboat. Even so, it wasn’t silent. I put on the earmuffs and enjoyed a much quieter moonlight ride.
What we’d find waiting at the end of it, I had no idea.


A loud bang followed by a sudden, jolting halt threw the three of us forward in a tangle of arms and legs. Ever so slowly, the boat began tipping on its side. The fiberglass prop slammed against the water and disintegrated. Chunks flew through the cage, breaking it apart. In uncontrolled overspeed, the engine screamed. Bearings seized and screamed louder. The engine halted with a loud grinding noise.
I struggled to clamber up the high side over seatbacks and scattered chunks of propeller and metal cage. It turned into a futile attempt to prevent the flat-bottomed boat from going full-over on its side. I stepped on Avery. She groaned. I struggled to climb down without stepping on her.
—Are you all right? Where’s your sister? Where’s Maria?
I spied a body on its back, illuminated by moonlight. I stepped off the upturned bow and landed in soft, mucky, swamp bottom. I struggled knee-deep in mud and tall grass to make my way before an alligator doing the same thing discovered fresh meat and went for it.
With each step, I sunk deeper as I attempted to pull Maria closer to the boat. The woman weighed me down. I pulled out a foot. The opposite went deeper. Just when I thought I'd make it in a few more measured steps, the weight of the woman catching on the grass slowed me even more.
—Avery. Quick. Grab on.
Exhausted by the struggle, I barely managed to dump the woman over the seat. Avery struggled to hold on while I climbed aboard. Together we yanked her legs out of the range of an alligator’s open jaws. They clamped down with a slapping sound on empty air. Disappointed, it twisted away and stalked off on four legs and a tail that slithered through the water.
—Holy shit. Those things are fast.
I sat on the upturned edge of the seat and huffed and puffed my way back to sensibility. Maria slowly began coming around from the huge bump she received when her head struck the gunnel. A bit of blood dripped down the side of her face. She was dazed, but otherwise unhurt.
—Don’t worry, girl. You’ll be as good as yesterday in a week.
—Thanks. I think. Now tell me how you’re going to get us out of this moonlight mess of a cruise.
By sunrise, we knew the extent of our dilemma. The remnants of an old, waterlogged stump had punched a hole in the bottom of the swamp boat. The propeller was damaged beyond use. Remnants hung in strings of fiberglass off the drive shaft. Even if we could get the boat righted, we’d be able to make our way exactly nowhere. The paddles would be no help.
—We’re screwed.
To reinforce my announcement, the occasional alligator became visible thanks to the growing light appearing over the horizon.
—If this was a road, I’d beg one of you to undo a button or three and show a little leg.
The sisters unbuttoned and grinned like fools.
—I said leg.
They shrugged and looked disappointed.
—Okay, so I don’t have to beg. It’s all very nice, but it won’t get you out of here. You’re going to have to do better. And no, I don’t mean take off your pants.
The peals of laughter echoed off the trees on the edge of the swamp.
—Look. You two are the only swamp experts I know, but I think we’re done for until something else comes along. Which one of you wants to go diving for the phones?
I took off my shirt and was about to answer my own rhetorical question. Avery beat me to it by stripping to her bra and panties. I tried not to look— oh hell, that was a lie. I looked. She caught me.
—I’ll keep an eye out for gators.
—And who’s going to keep an eye out for you?
I looked in Maria’s direction. Avery chuckled.
—Not likely. She’s as smitten as I am.
I blushed at her admission, and with that, Avery stepped off the upturned edge of the boat and slipped into the murky waters of the swamp. When her head poked up over the edge, all that was missing was a K-bar clamped in her teeth.
—All right, swamp girl. What did you come up with?
A hand flipped up over the edge. She threw her bra in my direction and slithered back into the dark swamp water. It was a long shot that she’d find a phone. It was even longer odds that the waterlogged thing would work.
Five minutes. Grass rustled and water splashed and gurgled. Then ten. And then she came up with a phone clutched in her hand. I grabbed it and offered her my own. I pulled her aboard, covered in grass and mud.
—The things I sacrifice for the men in my life.
I grinned. I couldn’t take my eyes off her.
—Only the ones that deserve it.
She flicked mud in my direction and then bent over the gunnel to rinse out her bra. I considered smacking her ass, but only for a split second. We were still stranded, notwithstanding the phone she worked so hard to come up with.
I removed the battery and SIM card, wiped everything down, and placed it in the sun to dry. With a bit of luck, we might get to make a call.
What day that might be was anyone’s guess.
—They told me it was water-resistant when I bought it.
Of course they did.


Swarms of flies gathered at sunrise. We slapped everywhere in futile attempts to chase them away.
—We're going to have to cover ourselves in mud if we don't want to get eaten alive.
We helped each other smear mud on unreachable places.
I climbed onto the upturned side of the swamp boat and looked around. In the early morning sun, I spotted a rooftop in the distance.
—We have a neighbor.
Avery turned for a look.
—That’s my place. I have the only other cottage in this part of the world. That’s the reason I showed up yesterday. I was checking on the construction crew.
—How much land do you two own in this part of the world?
Avery reached for one of the bags that hadn’t been thrown overboard. She pulled out a topo sheet and unfolded it. She gestured to the property lines that reached to both of the swamp boat companies we had checked out earlier. The land surrounded them on almost all sides but for the river. It went on for a mile or two.
—How did you end up with all of that?
—Our father bought it in the great Florida land rush. You probably heard the jokes concerning swampland for sale back in the dark ages.
I’d read about it and wondered how people could be so gullible.
—Well, good old dad bought it up as quick as that. Where Maria’s place is located is our former home when we were growing up.
—So you were raised as swamp girls. No wonder you beat me over the side.
She smiled.
—When we started to become successful, we made sure the land stayed in the family. We made a couple of offers for the two properties you looked at yesterday, but they wouldn’t bite. Those people were raised here, too. That's likely why.
Her story got me thinking. What if either or both businesses thought they might lose the surrounding isolation to a subdivision consisting of moneyed part-timers from the city?
They might not be so happy about that.


The orange and white helicopter buzzing overhead looked to be the Coast Guard. Flares. We needed flares.
—Where are they?
—What?
—Flares, dammit. Surely you’ve got an emergency kit somewhere is this broke down piece of aluminum. I need it now.
Maria frantically dug through what was left on board. She came up with the flare kit. I broke it open, inserted a cartridge, and aimed. A trail of smoke heading straight up would have to be enough.
I popped a second cartridge for good measure. The helicopter turned and circled overhead. A crewman appeared in an open doorway and I knew we were going to be fine.
Buzzing mosquitoes were soon replaced by the buzzing, hovering helicopter as we were winched aboard. I sent the women up, one at a time. Three mud-covered human blood banks were greeted by the junior crew members.
—I think they want phone numbers.
The women looked at me.
—We like our men just a little older. You know, about your age.
The girls declined the offer of a flight to a hospital and instead insisted that we be put down at Maria’s cabin. The women hurried inside. I followed the sound of running water to the shower. I knocked to let them know I was outside.
—You might as well come join us. After this, half the fun is going to be swabbing with calamine.
We settled in the living room, partially dressed. They set out the lotion and the swabs and readied me for the ordeal with drinks. And they were almost right. It wasn’t half fun at all. It was all fun but for the scratching.
—So tell me again about the property you own. And how did the two interlopers gain traction in the middle of it all?
While they took turns painting parts of me pink on the spots the mud missed, I listened. In ten minutes, they were done, and so too was their story.
—All right. It’s my turn to do you.
—Which one of us do you want to do first?
I raised an eyebrow and considered only for a moment.
—I think I’d like to do both at the same time.
Giggling and laughing, Avery and her sister Maria allowed me to paint certain parts of their anatomy a matching pink. As I got closer to finishing, they struggled into clean clothes. Both looked like a million dollars, notwithstanding the pink swatches here and there. We were matching triplets.
—Show me that map again, would you?
I took a long time studying it while I thought it over. I wondered if it could be something so obvious that the girls hadn't considered.
—Now check out the boundary to your properties on the map. Are they accurate? I need to see how it all looks. And what about the road? Who owns that? And who maintains it?

* * *

I TURNED DOWN THE DRINKS the women offered. To make up for my unusual behavior, I threw the steaks on the barbecue while they did a salad. Wine flowed. I didn't turn that down, but I kept a watchful eye on my intake.
I knew myself too well. And these women weren’t exactly shy. Why was it that sisters always seemed to play a part in my life when it came to getting me in trouble? I’d have to wait for the answer to that, because this was neither the time nor the place.
A light evening breeze floated gently across the patio and ruffled the sheer curtains. I placed the chart on the table and used glasses to weight it.
—Do we need to close the screens, or will the breeze take care of the mosquitoes?
Maria smacked my shoulder and brushed a critter away.
—What do you think?
I chose that moment to clear the grill and serve up the steaks. The salad went ignored as the women dug in with healthy appetites and devoured the meat and potatoes. The day’s activities had worn them down, too.
—Well, I guess neither of you shipshape women is a vegetarian. There’s no danger the gators will end up with leftovers.
Conversation waited until we finished eating. Satisfied, I pushed back my chair and observed the women. They were gorgeous, even covered in calamine and scratching away at the bites acquired from our time stranded aboard the overturned swamp boat.
—Now then, tell me about your neighbors. Better yet, tell me about your original homestead on this spot first. Maybe after that we’ll get to the neighbors.
They took turns explaining how their father had obtained the tract of land. How he’d pushed a road through on his own. How he’d chosen the site of the original homestead based on the river branches for swamp boat access. How he’d eventually struck it rich in the construction business and built up the sites of the two existing homes for future construction by his daughters.
Maria had chosen to bulldoze the old homestead and start from scratch. Avery had waited until a little later before beginning the construction on her cottage farther downriver.
—And that’s about it. We’re not developing anything beyond what you see. We’re sticking to our father’s request that the land remain undeveloped.
—And you’re both all right with that? No regrets in the subdivision department? No wanting developers to come in and do their thing for the money?
Their heads shook in unison, and I was convinced. I waited for the conversation to turn towards their neighbors.


Doors and windows rattled in their frames as the explosion boomed across the swamp. Avery scrambled to the door. A cloud of smoke climbed over the horizon.
—Son of a bitch. Maria, that’s my place. Some bastard is trying to burn it down. Come on, you two.
We rushed to the truck. Doors flew open. I was almost left behind until I jumped in on the go.
—Dammit, woman, take it easy. If it’s been blown to bits, there’s nothing you can do about it. If it’s still standing, that’s a plus.
—You’re right. I’m sorry.
She let up on the gas, but only a little before hitting it again. The determined look on Avery’s face said she wasn’t about to slow. Maria and I clicked seat belts and sat back, hanging on and bracing for impact.
The truck drifted to a stop in front of the remains of a huge white propane tank. It was obvious it had caused the explosion. A bit of lumber was still burning.
—At least the structure didn’t get taken down. You think someone is sending another message?
We stamped out what smoldered and poured buckets of water on the embers. I broke off and wandered around the construction site. The cottage was on stilts, like her sister’s place. Walls, a roof and windows had been installed.
Everything else looked to be undisturbed. Multiple tire tracks led away from the site. Most likely worker vehicles traveling back and forth. Avery joined me on my patrol.
—You got lucky. You only lost a couple of windows.
She paused, put her hands on her hips, and looked around.
—Yes, I did, didn’t I?
—Are you ever going to tell me who you pissed off? Or are you going to be just like your twin and say nothing? I’m supposed to be working for you. And I’m getting paid to be here, whether you understand that or not.
—Is that why you didn’t take advantage in the communal shower?
I couldn’t help the grin. She grinned back like a bad girl. Maria joined us and worked her way into the conversation.
—Well-
I went on.
—Being the man that I am, I was curious. I wanted a look.
—You weren’t looking. You were practically drooling.
—I couldn’t have been. I was in a shower, remember?
—Then what was it that started brushing against our thighs and ended up against our rear ends? A back scrubber?
—So you noticed. Who was doing the drooling again?
I blushed. The women giggled.
—How could we not?
I knew when to declare defeat.
—I need to look around for a bit. You two might want to check out the interior.
—If you’re wanting to look for us, we’ll be in the shower.
—There can’t be a-
I halted mid-sentence.
—All right. You got me. Now get. I actually have to do some thinking, and having the two of you around won't speed up the process.
I made excuses about having to do a bit of what I was being paid to get done and dropped the women off at Maria's.
I didn't dare tell them where I was headed next.


I pulled into the swamp boat operator's parking lot. The buildings appeared well-maintained. A couple of the outbuildings looked to be almost brand new. Business looked to be good.
Perhaps the owners had become concerned when Avery began construction of her home at the end of the unpaved road. Perhaps they were concerned enough to register complaints by tossing beer cans and scare tactics like gunfire.
I'd queried the sisters enough by now that I knew their intentions were good, and I believed them. They had no plans to turn their substantial property holdings into any kind of real estate development. Their intent was to hold the land in perpetuity-raw, wild, and undeveloped.
If I was a betting man, and I was, the thinking among the two boat operators was probably that their lifestyle, along with their businesses, was about to change with the sudden development. The buyers would soon put a stop to the noise pollution and the constant back and forth of the airboats disturbing local wildlife.
As far as I knew, Maria and Avery had never taken the time to meet with the landowners to explain their intentions. They must have felt it wasn't necessary, for whatever reason.
—Can I help you?
An older woman with a wrinkled face from too much sun approached.
—Yes. You can.
I held out my hand.
—I'm a friend of the Collins family.
Her demeanor changed the instant I mentioned the name. I carried on before giving the woman a chance to change her mind about listening.
—Apparently there's been some rumors circulating about plans for the Collins property. I'm here to tell you that there will be nothing of the sort.
The hard look on her face softened just a bit.
—You're all invited to a barbecue this evening. Maria and Avery will explain everything-not that there's so much to explain. Do you think you might show up?
—I'll be sure to mention it to my husband. If he's fine with it, we'll be there.
—I noticed a store on the edge of your property. Your employees are invited, too. If you want them to go, that is.
—That's our daughter. She'll be there if the old man says yes.
On my way past, I stopped in at the store and picked up a dozen steaks and a bag of potatoes and onions.
—What have you got for a gumbo? Keep in mind I'm from up north.
The girl looked at me doubtfully.
—Up north? How far?
—All the way to another state far enough away that gumbo is a foreign language. If I'm going to cook it, I'll need a little help.
—In that case, you better let me talk to my mom before you leave. Stay right here.
I took the opportunity to call Maria and explain to her what I was doing. She didn't have a problem.
—Hang on. The girl is back.
—The girl at the store?
—Yeah. Why?
—She's a cook. See if you can get her to help us prepare for the feast. Jim, you were worth every penny. Thanks for coming up with this.
—Don't pay me yet. I still have another business to visit.


I carried on to the second tour business a couple of miles farther down the road. I recognized the boat sitting in the yard on barrels. A young kid busied himself examining the damage to the bottom. He was slowly making his way to the blown engine.
—What do you think? Can it be fixed?
The kid squinted up at me.
—Anything can be fixed, mister. Trouble is, most around here don't have the money to put into it.
I had to admit he might be right.
—Is your dad around?
—He's out on a tour. Should be back any time now. Go on down to the dock and wait.
He looked me up and down.
—There's shade there if you need it.
He grinned.
—Yeah. Thanks. I was out in that boat when we hit the stump and punched the hole in the bottom.
—I kinda figured by the bites. The pink helped, too. Go on. He won't be long.
I called Maria and explained that her boat was beached, and a kid was tallying the damage. I let her know she might just want to consider cementing the relationship by eventually asking for a quote-like maybe later tonight.
—You're costing me a fortune. Do I get a discount for good behavior?
—I don't know. Just how good is your behavior going to be?
She chuckled over the phone. I had to be on speaker. I could hear her sister laughing in the background.
—You'll just have to wait and see.
She hung up on me. I grinned and put the phone away just as a boat roared around the corner. I waited for the captain to tie off and say goodbye to his customers.
—You must be Jim.
He saw my questioning look.
—I had a text from my neighbor. Tell the girls we'll be there. And about that damaged boat we salvaged-
—You don't need to say it. I already talked to the owner. She's going to request a quote to repair or ask for an offer to buy the salvage.
—When my kid is done, that's just what I'll do. I'll see you later tonight. Do we need to bring anything?
—Maybe a little dessert wouldn't hurt. Or some beer. Those women don't have a lick of beer in the cooler.
—Figures. They’re city girls now.
—So you know them?
—Knew their father and their grandfather. Knew them when they were nothing more than a couple of little swamp girls.
He held his hand waist-high.
—I'll see what I can scare up for us to drink.


Maria's text looked frantic.

there's people here to set up for a neighborhood barbecue. what did you do? how many are coming? what did you tell them?

My reply was brusque.

how many neighbors do you have? two families deal with it

I waited for a response. None came.

be back shortly. will explain then

The awnings were in the process of being set up when I arrived. The gas-fired stoves were hot and topped with pans and buckets and tubs. Maria and Avery rushed to meet me.
—What the hell did you do?
They looked more annoyed than anything.
—When was the last time you two had something to do with your neighbors? They've been talking amongst themselves ever since construction began on your cottage, Avery. And in case you haven't noticed, what you're building aren't cottages. They're mansions overlooking a swamp.
—Yes. So what?
—So what have you told them? You told me about keeping the land in pristine form. You probably told them nothing. It's time. That's why you're having problems. They think you're in the process of selling the land to developers.
—But-
—Somebody go write a speech. Now, dammit. And make sure it's the same one you gave me or there'll be hell to pay and I won't be able to stop it this time.
—Yes, master. Your wish is our desire.
I smacked them both on the ass. The twins scrambled up the stairs into the cottage, rubbing rear ends. I made my escape and wandered over to visit with the cook. I begged a taste of everything delicious before she shooed me away.
It was just in time to greet the first truckload of people. Dessert landed on a table. Beer was produced. I was happy.
I hoped the neighbors would be as well by the time Maria and Avery made it outside for the festivities.


The block party was in full swing. For only two families, the body count was huge. Music blared. Adults danced and talked and drank beer. Kids ran around and yelled and screamed and laughed and chased after one another and played whatever games they brought to the party. 
Finally, in the lull just before the feast was about to be served, Maria and Avery climbed onto their porch. The flare pistol fired off to garner attention.
The music halted. The kids gathered. Everyone collected in front of the porch. Nervous murmuring said no one knew what might be coming.
When the speech ended, there was a group cheer. No one would be displaced because of development. The property would stay in the family with the sisters, just as their father and grandfather had wanted.
Dinner was served. Beer was consumed. A deal was made to repair Maria's boat if it could be fixed. Everyone got a little drunk before happily heading home the few miles down the isolated road.
I was left alone with Avery and Maria.
—I'm falling asleep here, ladies. I'm going to bed. I'll be heading out first thing in the morning if you'll take me, Maria.
I made my way upstairs. I had no sooner pulled the covers over my head in the dark than I felt a weight on the side of the bed. The covers lifted and a cool body pressed against mine. A satisfied sigh escaped my lips as I turned towards the woman.
I felt another weight resting on the side of the bed I’d deserted. A second cool body pressed itself against my back.
—What, no sigh for me?
—I’m hoping we’ll all be sighing shortly.
Two pairs of hands groped and succeeded. Three pairs of hands congratulated each other. I was only disappointed that I didn't have four hands to match theirs.
At some point during the dark night, I crawled out of bed. There was some concern expressed that I might not return. I quickly put an end to the complaint. I only wanted to make certain the curtains were open to allow a lot of moonlight into the room.
I wasn't disappointed by the subdued light illuminating the twin visions sharing me and my bed. In fact, I was so enthralled, I allowed myself to be kept prisoner for another two days.
I allowed it to be two days because I couldn't have lasted any longer.


More

All of Jim Nash’s adventures are available from the usual suspects, which I am forbidden to list here. There are print books as well, from, you know, the usual two suspects. Check out my web site.

https://pxduke.com

author@pxduke.com



About the author

Aviator. Fire pilot. Motorcycle rider. Vagabond. Drifter. Trouble-maker. Jack of all trades and master of none. Peter Duke has been riding and writing about the places he’s been and the people he’s seen for quite a while. Some of his writing is factual; some of it isn’t. He likes to leave it up to his readers to decide which–if any–of his lies are the truth.

After receiving a Smith-Corona portable typewriter as a gift many moons ago, Peter taught himself to type. When he crashed into high school, eventually all thoughts he had of writing were given over to partying. In the typical single-industry town in which he was raised, the only game in town was a job at the factory. Following a single summer in that life-sucking trap, he knew it wouldn’t be for him to end up being buried within a mile of where he grew up.

Peter left town in a hurry and enrolled in flight school, where he learned to fly helicopters and subsequently acquired a commercial pilot’s license. That took him on a journey around the world and into operating his own successful aircraft leasing business. When he sold the business, he retired from active flying and flew a desk in a variety of aviation management jobs until he became fed up and quit it all.

He started to write again in the early nineties on one of his many sojourns to southern California on his motorcycle. He ended up disappearing for six years. For most of that time he was in the high desert and the Baja. 

Peter Duke has ridden over a lot of North America at one time or another, from Canada to Mexico, from Atlantic to Pacific, and to places in between. By far, his favorite ride is up and down the length of Baja Norte y Sur, where the people are friendly, the sun always shines and it’s warm in the winter.

Of everything that he has experienced in his all-too-brief life, Africa is perhaps the greatest enigma: a beautiful continent, rich in people, nature, and resources, yet poor in all of those things, too.

There are some missing years in there, but a little mystery is good for the soul, wouldn’t you say?

https://pxduke.com

author@pxduke.com


