Haakon
Drogon Prince 
A Drogons’ Fate Series
T. J. Quinn
GTQ LLC
Orlando, Florida

Copyright © 2018 by T. J. Quinn

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed or transmitted in any form or by any means, without prior written permission.

GTQ LLC
PO Box 540375
Orlando, FL 32854
www.thesios.com

Publisher’s Note: This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are a product of the author’s imagination. Locales and public names are sometimes used for atmospheric purposes. Any resemblance to actual people, living or dead, or to businesses, companies, events, institutions, or locales is completely coincidental.

Haakon, Drogon Prince/T. J. Quinn — 1st Ed.
ISBN


CONTENTS


	6
Chapter One	7
Chapter One	7
Chapter Two	18
Chapter Two	18
Chapter Three	32
Chapter Three	32
Chapter Four	44
Chapter Four	44
Chapter Five	61
Chapter Five	61
Chapter Six	75
Chapter Six	75
Chapter Seven	91
Chapter Seven	91
Chapter Eight	100
Chapter Eight	100
Chapter Nine	114
Chapter Nine	114
Abduction 2140	136
Abduction 2140	136
Chapter One	137
Chapter One	137
Chapter Two	143
Chapter Two	143
Chapter Three	150
Chapter Three	150
Chapter Four	155
Chapter Four	155
Chapter Five	160
Chapter Five	160
Chapter Six	168
Chapter Six	168
Chapter Seven	174
Chapter Seven	174
Chapter Eight	180
Chapter Eight	180
Chapter Nine	185
Chapter Nine	185
Chapter Ten	191
Chapter Ten	191

Follow me on Facebook



Chapter One

Rosalind paced her room, trying to make sense out of the past few days. One moment she was standing next to her car and the other, some disgusting lizards were abducting her from the planet and selling her to some sort of dragons on an even furthermost planet called Zuvrak. 
The experience had been quite traumatizing. 
She had gone out to buy groceries at the nearest supermarket, one of those that stayed open 24/7.  She had spent the entire day snuggled on her couch, trying to forget the past few weeks, and then she decided she had to go get something to eat. 
It was past midnight, but she had always felt safe in her neighborhood, so she had hopped in her car and had gone shopping. 
When she was about to get in her car, on her way back home, two men had approached her at an incredible speed. Before she could open her mouth to scream for help, one of them had covered her mouth, and the other one had pushed a strange syringe into the base of her neck. 
The drug, or whatever they injected into her, acted immediately, and the next time she opened her eyes, she was on the floor of her cell on the Slythonian’s vessel. 
Going through all the training and the humiliation of the auction had been terrible, and she hated every minute of it. Resisting was not an option because any attempt was immediately punished with the action of the collar they had wrapped around their necks. 
The damn thing injected some kind of drug into the bloodstream and caused excruciating pain, as she had the opportunity to experience when she tried to get answers from her captors. 
In her group, there was only one other human female, Erin, that had been abducted from England, and during those weeks on the lizards’ vessel, they had become good friends. Fortunately, she had been bought along with her by the Zuvrakians and taken to their own planet, so she wasn’t completely alone in a strange world, God knows in what galaxy, with no hopes of ever returning home. 
Expecting to be treated as sex slaves, they had been surprised when the vessel’s captain took them to meet their king. Apparently, they had been bought with another destiny in mind. It still annoyed her to be a virtual prisoner, even if she wasn’t wearing shackles and hadn’t been put in a dungeon. Her whole life had been turned upside down, and there was no way back. Whatever happened to them, they were stranded on an unknown planet. Amongst aliens, they knew nothing of. 
She wanted to rant; she wanted to scream at the top of her lungs; she wanted to stomp her feet on the floor out of sheer frustration, but none of that would change their new reality. They couldn’t even escape. They were still wearing the damn collars, and any attempt would be quickly controlled. After all, the Slythonians had passed the control of the collars to the Zuvrakians, and she was sure they wouldn’t hesitate to use it, despite all their kind words and supposed good intentions. 
She sighed and stopped in front of the window, resting her forehead against its cold glass, trying to calm herself. 
According to the king of the planet, they were expected to become one of their males’ soulmates, but so far, they hadn’t given them any more details on that. She guessed they wouldn’t even know the Zuvrakians were half dragons if it wasn’t for the unexpected arrival of one of them. Still displaying his wings and claws. 
Seeing him had been a shock to her. Something strange stirred up inside her, and she felt as if her guts had been clutched in an iron fist as soon as her eyes fell on him. 
Tall, at least seven feet tall, like all the Drogons she had seen so far, with a long, platinum mane, that fell down his back and those peculiar gray eyes, Haakon was one of the most attractive men… being… whatever he was… she had ever seen. 
In fact, he looked a lot like his brother, the king. Same hair, same build, same features. But for some reason, the king hadn’t appealed to her the way this man did. Perhaps it was the barely contained fierceness she could sense in him that wasn’t as obvious under the veneer of civility of the king. She had no idea what it was, but it was so powerful she couldn’t deny it, at least not to herself. 
Used to showing an indifferent expression to the world, she found herself struggling not to show her attraction to him. That had been the last straw. 
She asked the king to end the meeting, and he finally agreed. 
Egil, one of the men who had bought them from the Slythonians, aka the lizards, guided them through what seemed like endless hallways to their suites. The place was huge, and though she had an excellent life back on Earth, the planet’s overpopulation had forced people to live in smaller and smaller houses and apartments. She was sure her whole apartment would fit in the suite’s living room, not to mention the bedroom, the bathroom and the dressing room that were a part of the suite. 
The only thing she didn’t like was the minimalism of the decoration. The suite had the necessary furniture and nothing else, not a picture on a wall, not a cushion on the sofa, and surely not a vase with flowers on the small table. 
Suddenly feeling exhausted, she took a shower, as if she could decipher the shower stall she had seen in the bathroom. 
But she wasn’t able to. She couldn’t read the hieroglyphs on the shower stall, and she couldn’t make the damn thing work. 
Frustrated and feeling edgy, she left her room, looking for someone to help her. 
She had taken just a few steps out of her room when she heard someone behind her. Startled, she turned around to find Haakon walking her way. Her heart jumped in her chest, and she instinctively put her hand over it. 
“Is there a problem, Víf Rosalind?” he asked, with a naughty smile on his face, as if he knew exactly how she was feeling. 
She looked around, eager to find someone else to help her, but they seemed to be alone in the hallway. She let out a deep sigh. “I need to take a shower. Unfortunately, I do not know how to make the shower stall work. How can I call someone to help me?” she asked, making sure he understood she didn’t want his help. 
“I can help you,” he offered immediately. 
“I’m sure you have more important things to do than to show me how to work the shower.” she dismissed his offer as politely as she could. 
“Nonsense, there’s nothing more important than seeing your guests are well-cared for,” he said, taking her by her elbow and guiding her back to her room. 
The moment he touched her, jolts of energy rushed through her body, as if the fabric of her tunic between their skins didn’t exist. Her heart speeded its pace, and she was having trouble controlling her breathing as he drew her back into her bedroom. 
“Really, there is no need for you to bother…” she insisted, but he didn’t pay her any attention. 

Haakon had never expected the turn this visit to his older brother would take. Of course, he knew Brynjar had sent Asgar on a special mission, to find candidates for mates. The Drogons were running out of females at an incredible speed. If they didn’t do anything to stop that, they would be extinct in a matter of rotations. 
Brynjar called him, summoning him to a council meeting. Though he wasn’t fond of visiting the city, he left his beloved mountains in the middle of a snowstorm. Using a vehicle in those conditions was almost impossible, so he took out his mighty wings and fly to the city. It was a long distance, but nothing he hadn’t done before. 
Unfortunately, he had arrived late; interrupting the meeting with his wings and claws still displayed, and he scared the two guests Asgar had brought back. 
He was sure he would never forget that moment. 
“What did I miss? I came as soon as I could, but the snow had other plans,” he had said, as he had walked into the room. 
“What the hell…?” a female voice had come from somewhere in the room, surprising him. 
“Haakon… you’re scaring our guests,” his brother had snarled, getting up and striding to stand in front of him. 
“Hello, brother,” Haakon had nodded, retracting his wings and claws in just a few seconds. “Did I hear the word guests?” 
“Yes…”
It was then when his nostrils had picked up her scent, and his whole body had frozen. He had sniffed the air again, to make sure, and the powerful scent of her had almost knocked him down. 
Brynjar stepped aside. And he had been able to see her for the first time, wiping any doubt he might have had. 
“Is this for real?” he had finally muttered, with a deep frown. 
“You tell me, little brother. Does it feel real?” his brother had asked. 
“But… how is this possible?” he had muttered, having trouble believing what he had been confronted with. 
He had found his soul mate, and now she was standing in front of him, trying to find ways to avoid him, as if his presence startled her too much. 
He was sure she didn’t fear him; she felt the connection between them and couldn’t or didn’t want to understand it. But he wasn’t giving up. He would be everywhere she turned around, making sure it was impossible for her to deny him or the feelings they were destined to share. 
He took her directly to the bathroom and turned to look at her. 
“Are you sure you want to use the shower? The tub can work miracles on a tired body,” he suggested, but she shook her head. 
“I’m so tired I would fall asleep and drown in the tub.” And she wasn’t exaggerating. All of a sudden, the stress of the past weeks was taking its toll. And his presence didn’t help her at all. 
“I would never let that happen,” he assured, frowning at the thought of losing her in such a silly way. 
“You wouldn’t be here to stop it,” she pointed out, coldly. “Now, can you show me how to use the damn thing or do I have to call someone else?” she insisted, eager to be alone, out of his disturbing presence. 
He decided it wasn’t wise to insist, so he walked to the shower stall and showed her the basic functions. Then he walked to a wall and pressed a button, revealing a concealed cabinet with towels and a few other items. He picked one out and showed it to her. 
“You can put this on after the shower.” It was a white tunic, made of a light fabric, but it was huge, perfect to fit the Drogons but not here. “It’s not your size, but we haven’t had time to get you something more appropriate.” 
“It’s alright, I can manage.” She took the tunic from his hands. “Thank you for your help, but I really don’t want to stall you much longer.” 
He chuckled, but nodded. “Have a pleasant shower Víf Rosalind.” 
“Rosalind, please. Call me Rosalind,” she asked him, crossing her arms over her chest, not sure why she had asked him that. 
It would have been better to keep him at a distance. 
“Of course, Rosalind.” he nodded again and with a mischievous grin cracking his handsome face, he finally left the bathroom. 
With a heavy sigh, Rosalind took off the tunic she had been wearing and started the shower. As the water on the Zuvrakian vessel, this one was orange too and feeling it run down her body was so pleasant she stayed underneath the warm stream longer than she had planned. With a sigh, she finally washed her hair and the rest of her body with the soap Haakon had shown her, and several minutes later, she finally exited the shower stall. 
In front of the sink, she looked for a toothbrush, but there was nothing, not even something similar to one, but found a strange comb she used to brush her long hair. After that, she put on the tunic he had given her and returned to the bedroom, just to find him there, standing at her window, looking out. 
“What the hell are you doing here?” she snorted, furious with his presence, but especially angry with herself for the way her body responded to his. 
“After what you told me, I had to be sure you would be alright,” he said, with a smile, closing the distance between them, and standing just a few inches away from her. 
She backed away, tilting her head to look him in the eyes. 
“What do you care what happens to me? I’m a stranger,” she grumbled. 
“You’re destined to be one of our men’s soul mates,” he replied in a serious tone, and she snorted again, skeptical. 
Only a small group of people had cared for her, and now they were all gone, she had lost them all, they had died on her, leaving her alone and without a purpose in life at the tender age of twenty-five. 
Now, she had been taken to another planet, and they wanted her to believe in fairy tales. 
“Sure, whatever you say.” she took a deep breath. “As you can see, I’m perfectly fine; I would appreciate if you would leave,” she asked him, ignoring the fire burning inside her. Those feelings had no place in her life, especially if they were directed to that man. She should know better than to want impossible things. 
“Wouldn’t you like to have something to eat?” he asked her, still not moving. 
“Right now, all I need is a good nap, not food. I’m tired.” 
He looked at her carefully, noticing for the first time her expression and how pale she looked. 
“Of course, I’m sorry. Please, get some rest. I’ll make sure no one disturbs you.” 
“Thank you.” 
Unable to stop himself, he ran a finger down her cheek, relishing the smoothness of her skin. “I’ll see you later.” he turned around and left the room, leaving her behind in a state of complete bewilderment. 
His finger traced a trail of fire on her skin, and her whole body tensed up, begging for more. 
When the door swished behind him, she threw herself into bed and covered her head with a pillow, desperate to calm herself and forget all those strange feelings he aroused in her. 
It wasn’t as if she was a virgin, she had a few lovers, she knew what sexual attraction was, but she had to admit she had never felt the way she did with Haakon. 
And she hated feeling this way, losing control over herself and over her feelings. It was maddening. 
She must have fallen asleep at some point, because the next time she opened her eyes, the room was dark, and there was a huge moon shining up in the sky. It looked bigger than the moon from back home, but she couldn’t tell if it was that or that maybe this one was closer to the surface. She jumped out of bed and opened the window, climbing outside onto the small terrace that surrounded the whole building. 
A cold breeze caught her by surprise, and she hugged herself, determined to stay, at least for a few more seconds. She had always felt attracted by the moon. It soothed her as nothing else did, and this moon seemed to have the same effect on her. 
“You shouldn’t be out here, in this cold,” he murmured, as he put a cape over her shoulders, leaving his hands on them. 
Somehow, he didn’t startle her, as if she knew he would be there. She let out a sigh and wrapped herself with the cape. Incredibly, the floor under her feet wasn’t cold, as if it maintained the heat from the sun. 
“I wanted to take a good look at the moon,” she said, not taking her eyes from it. 
“You mean our satellite?” he asked, following her stare. 
“Yes, what do you call it?” she asked him, curious, loving to feel him so close to her, her nostrils relishing his unique scent that inflamed her whole body. 
“Máni. It rises every night, sometimes brighter than others, and sometimes we barely see it at all,” he explained.
“It’s a lovely name.” she nodded, taking deep breaths, trying to keep her feelings under control. “Is it as big as it looks, or is it closer to the planet?” 
“It’s big.” his hands slid up and down her arms a few times, as he stepped even closer to her. It was both a pleasure and torture to have her this close to him, but he couldn’t find strength in himself to stay away. 
He knew he had to go slow, to conquer her heart and not only her body, but he was having trouble fighting his instincts, keeping his Drogon appeased, when all he wanted was to make her his. 
“Perhaps, I should go back to bed,” she said after a few moments, stepping away from his touch. The last thing she wanted was to make a fool of herself. 
“The sun will be up in a short while. A new day is coming,” he informed, turning to look at her, already heading to her bedroom, almost as if she was running away from something. 
“I have no place to go, so no hurry to leave the bed. Have a good day, Prince Haakon,” she said, closing the window. 
But she didn’t go back to sleep. She was too aroused, too anxious to even consider the possibility. She had to get a grip on herself. Falling for someone like Haakon would only bring her problems, especially if she would be forced to accept another man as her soul mate. She rubbed her eyes, pushing silly tears away, and took a bath. The warm water would calm her down, and by the time she was done, she would go to find something to eat. She couldn’t remember the last time she had a bite. 
When she came out of the bathroom, there were clean clothes on her bed, and she looked around, waiting to see Haakon there, but she was alone. 
They had brought her one suit she had seen them wearing, but this one was a lot smaller, probably for a kid. She doubted they had time to make clothes for her and Erin, and she guessed they would need a few pieces of advice on that. These suits were warm and comfortable, but a total pain if you needed to use the toilet. 
They had even brought her some kind of slippers for her to cover her feet, and soon she was ready to go find food. 
She went to see if Erin was already up. Perhaps she would like to join her on her quest for breakfast.  
Chapter Two

She left her room and walked to her friend’s room, knocking at her door. “Erin, are you up?” she asked, not sure she could hear through the door. Things were very different in this new world. 
The door opened, and her friend came out, already dressed just like her. “Hi, Rosalind, I was about to go call you. Will you join me for breakfast?” she asked with a broad smile. 
“Yes I’m famished.” 
“Of course, you are. You missed dinner last night. I considered calling you, but Haakon said it was better to let you sleep, that you looked too tired,” she said as she slid her hand on Rosalind’s arm, guiding her through the hallways. 
“Yes, I was. I woke up a couple of hours ago.” 
“It’s understandable. I was feeling tired too, but I was too excited to sleep. Fritjof showed me the palace and its gardens, and we have so much in common, I couldn’t make myself go to sleep and waste a moment in his company. How silly is that?” the other woman chuckled, and Rosalind did too, but hers wasn’t as happy as her friends were. 
“What do you think about the soul mate’s story?” she asked Erin. “Do you think they were telling us the truth?” 
Erin tilted her head to look at Rosalind, her expression suddenly serious. “Yes, I believe they were telling us the truth.” she had taken a deep breath before she went on. “In fact, I’m almost sure Fritjof is my soul mate, my other half.” 
Rosalind stopped her and made her look at her. “What if he isn’t? You could be falling for someone you must say goodbye to.” she had no intention of being cruel or ruining her happiness, but she didn’t want to see her friend getting hurt. 
“The King said it was like an instinct, a certainty deep inside you, right?” she asked, smiling. 
Rosalind nodded. 
“Well, that’s what I feel. What I felt since the first moment I saw him. A voice inside my head just yelled at me: it’s him, the man you have been looking for your whole life, is just in front of you.” 
“Well, I hope you’re right. I would hate to see you hurt.” 
“You won’t. I’m sure you’ll feel the same way when your soulmate shows up.” 
They resumed their way to the meals room, as they called it, according to Erin, and when they got there, the king and Fritjof were already there. 
“Good day, ladies. How are you this morning?” the king greeted them with a cordial smile. 
“Fine, thank you,” Rosalind answered, watching as Fritjof and Erin greeted each other. 
Even her skeptical mind had to admit there seemed to be something going on between those two. 
“You must be hungry, Víf Rosalind,” The King said. “Allow me to order you some breakfast.” 
“Thank you, I would appreciate that, but please, call me Rosalind,” she asked him, taking a seat on the table and looking at the king manipulating a thin screen he had just pulled up from the table. 
He showed her some plates of food on the screen. “This is meat, and this is what you might call bread?” he indicated. 
“That would be fine, thank you.” she accepted, and he placed the order. 
“You have to try their coffee, Rosalind, it’s fantastic,” Erin said from across the table. 
“Coffee? They have coffee here?” she was surprised. 
“Not exactly coffee, they call it mungát, but I’m sure you’ll love it,” Erin smiled, pouring a cup of the dark beverage and handing it to her friend. “It will make you feel full of energy in just a few seconds.” 
Rosalind took a look at the cup her friend had given her, not sure she wanted to try. It sounded like some kind of addictive drug. 
“It’s harmless, I assure you. It only contains extracts of some of our plants,” The King explained, noticing her suspicions. 
“The most powerful drugs on earth come from plants, and still their effect is terrible,” she pointed out. 
“These plants are even considered medicinal, and they don’t cause any kind of addiction.” 
She wasn’t convinced, but she could use some energy. Though she had slept like a rock, she was still feeling out of place, especially when she looked at Erin and saw just how easily she had adjusted to the whole situation. 
She took a sip of the drink and let it linger in her mouth to fully taste it. It was delicious, with that same bittersweet characteristic coffee hard, and, just like Erin said, you could feel the energy rushing through your body. 
“Isn’t it good?” Erin asked, smiling. 
“Yes, you were right,” she admitted. 
The food arrived, brought by a man, and she was about to start eating when the hairs on her neck stood up. Footsteps behind her had announced him before he took a seat in front of her. 
“Good morning all,” he greeted, and despite his words, his eyes were fixed on her. 
“Good morning, brother,” The King replied his greeting. “Since I’ve forced you to stay away from your beloved mountains for a while, can I convince you to become Rosalind’s tutor?” 
“What? I don’t need any tutor,” she protested immediately. 
“I’m sure our culture is very different from yours, so if you want to visit our city and get to know our people more, you will need a guide,” The King assured her. “I’m sure you wouldn’t want to accidentally insult someone, right?” 
“Of course not… but…” 
“Then you’ll accept my brother’s help,” he concluded. 
“I’m sure he has more important things to do than to babysit me,” she tried once more. 
“As a matter of fact, no, I don’t. My brother needs me to stay in town for a few weeks, but other than being here, I have little to do,” Haakon assured her. 
Rosalind had to make a massive effort not to huff her displeasure. 
“Of course.” 
“Then, it’s settled. What would you like to do?” he asked with a wicked smile on his face.
She was sure he knew she didn’t want to be around him. 
“You could take her for a ride around the city and show her the sea,” The King suggested. 
“Is your sea also orange?” she asked, curious. 
“Yes, it is. Our rain is transparent, but the minute it enters contact with our soil, it becomes orange,” Haakon explained. “Our snow is also white, at least the top layers.” 
“That’s curious,” she admitted. 
“Would you like me to take you on a tour then?” he asked, smiling. 
“Yes, I guess. It’s not like I have anything else to do.” she had sighed before she turned to look at Erin. “What about you? What are you going to do?” 
“Fritjof is taking me to the genetic labs. He will show me the studies they have been doing to solve their problem.” 
“I see.” 
“I can’t wait to see their advances in that field in particular,” the other woman admitted, clearly excited. 
“I'm sure,” Rosalind sighed, seeing her last hope to avoid being alone with Haakon, go down the drain. 
They finished eating, and Haakon guided her to the main door where one of those hovering vehicles waited for them. 
He helped her hop in, and soon they were driving away. 
Rosalind couldn’t help noticing how big the palace’s grounds were. 
“Your brother sure has a huge garden,” she teased him. 
He smiled and shook his head. “It’s not really a garden. Underneath all that, there are shelters for all the people in the town in case of an attack.” 
“Attack? From whom?” 
“Other planets. We are a very wealthy people, and some would like to put their hands on that wealth,” he explained. “But we’re warriors; we’re ready for most of the possible scenarios.” 
“Are you a soldier, too?” she asked with a frown. 
“I’m trained as one, and I wouldn’t hesitate to return to the military forces if needed, but it’s not my work,” he replied, looking at the mountains bordering the city. “I guess I’m too wild for the disciplined life of a soldier.” 
“What do you do then?” she asked him as they crossed the palace’s gates. 
“I have what you would call a farm up in the mountains. We raise zubries, the primary source of protein for our people.” 
She chuckled, surprised. She had always fantasized about the cowboys she had read about in the history books. They had always seemed to be reckless, fearless men, even indomitable. 
“It amuses you?” he asked, puzzled. 
She shook her head. “No… sorry, it’s a private joke.” 
He glanced at her for a few moments. 
“You still drive your own vehicles,” she pointed out, changing the subject. 
They were going through the streets of the city, and several other vehicles were circulating around them. 
“Yes, we do. Artificial intelligence is excellent, and we use it in almost every aspect of our lives, but not driving vehicles nor piloting our ships,” he replied. 
“How come?” on Earth, auto-piloted cars were common. She didn’t like them, but she had grown used to them. 
“A machine makes rational decisions, it will always choose the best option for the driver, and sometimes that decision isn't what the driver would make. I would rather die than kill a baby, for example. The machine wouldn’t see it that way.” 
She nodded, and it was one reason she didn’t like cars. “I know what you mean.” 
“But the vehicle will stop you from doing things that might jeopardize others, like use the brakes if you’ve lost control of the vehicle or something similar.” 
“So, you use a mix of both things – person and machine control.” 
“We’ve discovered it works better this way.” 
“Yes, it sounds like it would,” she looked around, at the tall buildings, all made of the same material, all the same color, in endless monotony. “Why aren’t there any trees in town?” 
“All of our trees are too big to grow up around buildings.” 
“But I saw some, in the palace’s gardens,” she said, with a frown. 
“Those are bushes.” 
“All right, then let me rephrase my question: why don’t you have bushes in town? I haven't seen a park, a square, nothing with bushes in it.” 
“Why would we? People go out of town to enjoy the parks and the trees.” 
“You must be a strange race. How come it doesn’t bother you to see the same thing all the time?” she asked, shaking her head. “You must forgive me, but this is the most boring place I have ever seen. There is no color, no trees, nothing that kills the monotony of your gray buildings.” 
He glanced at her with a deep frown. “What do you mean?” 
She took a deep breath. “Your buildings are all made of the same material. Why is that?” 
“It’s a unique material that captures all the heat possible from the sun rays and turns it into energy that supplies the building itself.” 
“That’s perfect. Would adding color to it diminish its efficiency somehow? 
“No, I don’t think so.” 
“So, why are they all gray? I can’t believe it’s the only color you like because your vehicles and your clothing are colorful.” 
His frown became deeper. “It’s just the way it has always been done.” 
“That doesn’t necessarily mean it’s well done,” she insisted. “You should ask your people what they would think about adding color to their lives. You might believe it’s silly, but it can change the way you feel, it can increase your level of self-satisfaction, and that’s transmitted to every aspect of your life.” 
He didn’t comment. Instead, he parked the car and helped her out. They were on the top of some a hill, and from there they could see the shining sea. 
“That’s amazing,” she said with a sigh. “Is your seawater like the water in the rivers and lakes?” 
“What do you mean?” 
“Back on Earth, most of the planet is covered with seas, but the water is salted, unfit to drink unless you remove the salt from it,” she explained. 
“Why is that?” 
“The seas and oceans were formed soon after the planet, and they absorbed all the minerals in the ground, at least, according to the theories we have. The salt can’t be evaporated, and so, when it rains, the water is sweet.” 
“I guess it’s the same process we see here, the mineral that gives the water its orange color, can’t be evaporated either and that’s why the rain and the snow aren’t orange,” he explained. “Would you like to go down to the beach?” he asked her. 
“Yes, of course, but how would we get there? I see no access,” she asked, looking around. 
They were on top of a steep ravine. 
“I can take you if you let me,” he said in a soft tone. 
“How…?” she started asking as the image of his arrival to the councils’ room came to her mind. “You mean flying?” she asked, a bit startled. 
“Yes, flying,” he confirmed, locking his eyes on hers. “Does the idea scare you?” he asked. 
“No, of course not…” but her tone didn’t show as much certainty as her words. 
“Do I scare you?” he asked instead. 
“No, of course not.” This time, there was no doubt in her tone. 
She could even admit that to herself, but he didn’t scare her at all. She wasn’t very fond of heights, that was all, but she wasn’t going to admit that to him. 
He smiled, and with a swift movement, he got rid of his cape and displayed his leathery wings and with them the claws in the back of his hands. Now that she was standing so close to him, she even noticed scales on the back of his neck. 
She gasped, amazed. “So, this is your Drogon form?” she asked, looking at him.
“No, this is halfway between both my forms. We use it when we need to fly,” he explained. 
“I see. When do you change into your full Drogon form?” she had to ask. Curiosity was killing her. 
“Whenever I want, but when we’re fighting. It’s a vital part of us, and sometimes you feel you need to transform and let it free for a while,” he tried to explain. 
“Of course.” she nodded. 
He stretched his hand out to her. “Shall we?” 
She had taken a deep breath before she put her hand in his. He pulled her gently towards him and embraced her, sliding his arms under hers. 
Before she could utter another word, he flapped his wings, and they were up in the air. 
She let out a small cry and wrapped her arms around his powerful neck, feeling the coarseness of his scales. The effect on her was the same as each time she touched him, or he touched her: jolts of energy rushed through her body. His halfway form didn’t put out the fire of her attraction, and she had the feeling his full form, as a Drogon wouldn’t either. She was in deep trouble. 
He chuckled and headed to the beach down below them. It only took him a few seconds, during which she closed her eyes and hid her face in his chest. 
He landed smoothly on the sand and lowered his arms to her waist without releasing her completely. 
“You can open your eyes now,” he whispered in her ear. 
She tilted her head back to look at him for a few seconds before she realized they were at the beach. “Oh, yes.” she let her arms fall from his neck and took a step back, looking at the sea as heat colored her cheeks. “This is beautiful,” she said as she walked a few steps towards the water after getting rid of the slippers she was wearing. “Is it safe to put my feet in the water?” she asked, glancing at him. 
“Yes, though the water is freezing,” he warned her. 
She nodded and walked straight to the water. 
Yes, it was cold, but not freezing. She enjoyed the feeling, and she stayed there, allowing the waves to gently kiss her feet. 
“Does your Máni control the tides?” she asked him, curious. 
“Yes, it does.” 
“Our planets are very similar.” 
“Perhaps, that’s what makes our people so compatible with yours,” he ventured. 
“Yes, I guess it’s a possibility.” she nodded. 
“Does your sea have fish? You know, aquatic animals?” she asked him. 
“Yes, it does. Some of them are edible, some are poisonous,” he replied, “But we prefer meat.” 
“Yes, I’m sure you do.” she chuckled. 
“Are you ready to go back up? I want to show you a few more things,” he asked her. 
“Yes. We need to wait a few seconds for my feet to dry,” she said, walking away from the water. 
“Allow me,” he asked, kneeling in front of her. 
“What are you doing?” she asked, puzzled, with a slight frown. 
But he didn’t answer. He showed her as he blew towards her feet. His breath was warm and dry, and her feet were dried in just seconds. 
“You breathe fire as well?” she asked, startled. She hadn’t thought of that possibility.
He got up, smiling. “Yes, we’re Drogons, forged with fire.” 
She took a deep breath. “Are you sure you’ve never been to my planet?” she asked, teasing. 
“Yes, why do you ask?” 
“Some of our ancient legends are about some creatures we called dragons. They could also breathe fire and fly. There was never evidence they actually existed, but many people believe they did,” she explained. 
“As far as I know, my ancestors never traveled that far, but anything is possible.” he shrugged. 
She put her slippers back on, and he held her in his arms once more to take her up. 
This time, she didn’t feel as scared as she had the first time and she was even able to appreciate the fantastic view. 
He dropped her gently next to the vehicle. Grabbing his cape and putting it on, he invited her to get in. 
“Where are you taking me now?” she asked as he drove off. 
“To see the trees, I think you’ll like them.” he glanced at her with a smile. 
“Yes, I’m sure I will,” she nodded, smiling back at him. 
It didn’t take them much time to reach what he called a park. 
It amazed her. The trees were huge, even bigger than the sequoias. There was a whole forest, but not of the same species, there were at least half a dozen different trees there, but they were all huge. Their leaves were of dark green, so dark it was almost black, and she guessed it was because of the reduced sunlight they had on the planet. 
“Do you have birds?” she asked, surprised by the silence. 
“Flying animals?” he asked for confirmation. She nodded. “No, I’m afraid we’re the only ones flying around.” 
“That’s curious,” she said, arching her eyebrows. 
“We have registries of their existence, thousands of rotations ago, but I guess our ancestors thought they needed the supremacy of the skies.” 
She chuckled and walked farther into the woods. The silence was almost overwhelming, but it also felt peaceful. It was the perfect place to meditate that was for sure. 
“It’s amazing,” she took a deep breath. “Do you have wild animals out here?” 
“Yes, some. They don’t represent a danger to us, since we’re stronger and faster, but yes for your species. You can’t come out here alone, without protection,” he warned her. 
She shuddered. “Of course.” 
“It’s time for us to return to the palace,” he told her, and she nodded. “What do you think of our planet so far? Do you think you’ll be happy living here?” 
She didn’t answer his question immediately. She had accepted that she wasn’t going back to Earth. She was a realistic person, and she dealt with facts, not hopes, and dreams. But was she going to be happy there? How the hell did he expect her to know that? She guessed she would be content, at least, at the beginning. Time would tell if she could be happy. 
“I don’t have enough information to answer that question. But if you ask me if I’ll be able to live here, then, yes, I’m sure I will,” she finally replied, in a cold tone. 
“You have been hurt,” he murmured. 
She looked away and ignored his words. She wasn’t ready to open her heart to him or anybody else, for that matter. 
“It must be lunch time, right? We better get going,” she said instead and headed back to the vehicle.

 
 
Chapter Three

The trip back to the palace was made in silence. Haakon regretted having let those words come out of his mouth. She wasn’t ready to trust her heart to him, and he wouldn’t gain anything trying to force it. 
He had taken a significant risk suggesting flying her to the beach, because she had been so startled when she had seen his wings the first time, but to his surprise, she had accepted and had put her life in his hands, literally. 
He could still feel the softness of her touch on his neck when she had wrapped her arms around him. The heat rushing through his veins was sizzling, his need for her was getting more and more urgent, and he was starting to have problems controlling it. But he knew she wasn’t ready, and the last thing he wanted was to ruin things between them. The whole soulmate thing was too new, too unexplored for him to take any risks with her. 
His instincts assured him, he couldn’t lose her.  
They arrived at the palace, and he guided her directly to the meals room. There was no one else there, and one of the servants informed them the rest had already eaten. 
Haakon asked him to bring them some food and invited her to take a seat. 
“What did you do back home?” he asked her, as they waited for the food. 
“I used to have a marketing company,” she replied. 
“Marketing? I don’t recognize the word. What exactly does that mean?” 
“The concept of marketing is a management philosophy according to which a firm's goals can be best achieved through identification and satisfaction of the customers' stated and unstated needs and wants,” she tried to explain. “It’s telling people what they and where they can best satisfy that need.” 
“I’m sure you were an expert in that area.” He said, chuckling. 
“Why do you say that?” she frowned. She hated empty compliments. 
“Back in the car, while we were driving through the city, you made me realize we need to add more color to it. I assure you we have never even considered the idea,” he explained. 
She gave him a faint smile and nodded. “Yes, I guess that’s a sample of what I used to do.” 
“You should work on that idea, and sell it to my brother,” he suggested, in a serious tone. 
“I don’t work on that anymore. I had lost my spark way before the Slythonians abducted me,” she replied in a cold tone. 
The food arrived at that moment, and he wasn’t about to ask her why. Her expression didn’t invite more questions. 
It was a hard subject for her, he could tell that much. 
They ate in silence, and all of his intents to start a new conversation were dodged blatantly. 
When she finished, she got up. “Is it dangerous to wander through the gardens of the palace?” she asked, in a cold tone. “I would like to take a walk.”
“Yes. I can walk with you…” he suggested, looking to spend more time with her, but she cut him curtly. 
“Thank you, but I will be okay on my own.” With those words, she left the room and headed out to the gardens. 
He saw her disappear behind some tall bushes in the garden and let out a sigh. 
“Troubles in paradise?” his brother’s voice sounded behind him. 
“You could say that.” 
“Perhaps, you should ask for some advice from Fritjof. He doesn’t seem to be having any problem with his soulmate,” The King teased him. 
Haakon growled. “You can’t compare those two. They might look alike on the outside, but I’m sure their resemblance ends there.” 
“Yes, I noticed that. Erin is what you see: open, cheerful, the soul of the party. Rosalind, on the other hand, shows very little,” his brother pointed out. 
“She has been hurt. Not so much physically, but I can tell her heart, and her soul was wounded, and they haven’t healed yet,” he said, still staring out the window. “If you add that to all she must have gone through since the moment she was abducted by the Slythonians and sold to us as a slave, you get an unpalatable cocktail.” 
“She might need you to help her heal.” 
“I’m not sure she’ll let me help her,” he let out a sigh. “She’s very stubborn.” 
“I know you’ll find a way. Give her some room, but not enough to make her think you don’t really care,” he advised him. 
“When did you become so wise?” he tilted his head to look at his older brother. 
His brother shrugged, but there was a sad shine in his eyes. “Being alone has given me a lot of time to read.” 
“I know what you mean,” he looked back at the gardens. “I want to take her with me to the mountains, for her to see the real me.” 
“I know, but I don’t think she’s ready for that. Give her a couple more weeks, for her to adjust to our planet before you show her the harshest part of it,” Brynjar warned him. 
“I know… it’s getting harder and harder to control my need to take her as mine.” 
“Don’t let your impulses control you. You could lose her altogether.” 
He sighed but didn’t comment. He knew that much. 
“I’ll go find her. She might get lost,” with those words, he left his brother and went looking for her. 
Following her scent was quite easy. It was intense, unique and he would always be able to identify it. 
For a person so small, she had walked a vast distance in such a short period. He found her sitting under a tall bush, near a small stream that ran across the gardens, staring at the singing water. 
He took a seat next to her, obviating she hadn’t acknowledged his arrival. 
“I thought I better come to get you. As you said, the gardens are enormous, you could get lost,” he said, in a soft tone. 
She just snorted, but it was enough for him. 
“Did I bother you in any way?” he asked after a few moments of silence. 
“No, of course not. I guess it’s been too many things happening in a short period.” 
“Would you like to talk about it?” he offered, smiling. “I can be an excellent listener.” 
She shook her head. “I wouldn’t know where to start.” 
“Start from the beginning. Tell me about your life,” he suggested. 
“There’s nothing special about my life,” she had taken a deep breath before she continued. “I was an only child, born to two professional people that had little time for children. My mother didn’t even bother to have me. She preferred to hire a surrogate mother and pick me up at the hospital the day I was born.” There was so much resentment in her tone, he felt sad for her. 
“What’s a surrogate mother?” he asked, not familiar with the concept. 
“It’s a woman that carries other people’s babies for nine months, feeding and protecting it, and then hands the baby to the biological parents for a sum of money. It’s the new trend on Earth in my times,” she explained. 
“Why did your mother do that?” 
“She didn’t want to go through all the annoyances of carrying a baby.” 
“How were you conceived?” 
She looked at him and verified he was puzzled. “In a lab. They extracted an egg from my mother’s womb and fertilized it with my father’s semen. When I was an embryo three days old, they implanted me in the surrogate mother’s womb, and nine months later I was born and delivered to my parents,” she explained. 
“I have never heard anything so weird,” he muttered. “This technology was developed to help couples that couldn’t conceive on their own, but it soon became standard. People even started to choose how they wanted their children to look.” 
“That’s unnatural,” he protested. 
“Yes, it is. But, it’s normal back on Earth,” she let out a sigh. “When my parents got home with me, I was handed to the nanny, and my contact with them was short and measured. It was like my whole life until they passed away when I was sixteen.” 
“It must have been terrible for you.” He picked up her hand in his and caressed its back with his thumb. 
She stared at his hand for a few seconds feeling the already familiar heat rushing through her whole body, trying to decide either to let him continue or pull her hand away. She let him continue to caress her hand. It was… comforting. 
“They were practically strangers to me. I don’t think I spent a whole year of those sixteen with them,” she confessed. “But their death left me alone in the world.” 
She rubbed her eyes for a few moments. “It was then when I met Johanna. She quickly became my best friend, the sister I never had and sometimes, even the mother I always missed. She was two years older than me, and she decided she had to protect me from the cruel world outside.” A sad smile crossed her face for a few seconds. 
“She sounds like a special person,” he murmured. 
“She was. She was already in college, and as soon as I graduated, I joined her. She was studying marketing, so I studied the same thing. I wanted to be with her. Fortunately, I was talented for it, and when I graduated, we formed a firm.” 
“I’m sure you did a great job.” 
“Yes, we did, much better than I ever expected. My life was finally perfect. I had a job I loved, I had the best friend anyone could have, and I had a boyfriend that was feeling like Mr. Right,” she summarized. 
Haakon had trouble hiding the wave of jealousy that invaded him. He knew he didn’t have the right to feel jealous, but feelings weren’t rational. 
“What happened?” he asked, but he wasn’t sure he wanted to know the answer. Not if it would make her go through the entire experience again. He could tell the end hadn’t been good. He pulled her hand to his lips and kissed the back of it gently, encouraging her to go on. 
She let out a heartfelt sigh. “Johana was killed in a plane crash. She was flying home to spend the holidays with me. I was devastated, and Jonas couldn’t understand why.” A tear rolled down her cheek, and she wiped it away, furious. “We broke up a couple of weeks later after I sold the company. I couldn’t keep working there without her.” 
Haakon didn’t hesitate. He slid an arm around her and pulled her to his chest, hugging her tight. 
She struggled for a few seconds before she buried her face in his broad chest and allowed the tears she had been repressing since her friend’s death to flow out. 
She had no idea how long she cried. At some point, she must have fallen asleep leaned against his chest, mentally exhausted. 
By the time she opened her eyes again, the sun was setting on the horizon, and they were lying on the ground, with her leaning her head on his chest. He had covered them with his cape. 
She tried to get up, but he kept her where she was. “How are you feeling?” he asked her in a soft tone. 
“Embarrassed. I shouldn’t have put you through all that drama,” she replied, still squirming to stand. 
“There’s no need to feel that way. You needed to let the pain out, and I was there for you, as you would be for me if I needed you,” he said, dropping a gentle kiss on the top of her head. 
She shuddered and finally managed to kneel next to him. “Thank you for listening.” 
“Thank you for sharing.” He got up and stretched his hand towards her. “Come, soon it will be dark and cold. It’s time to go back to the palace.” 
She allowed him to help her get up, and they returned to the castle talking about the bushes and the flowers in the garden. 

Rosalind had trouble falling asleep that night. She couldn’t believe she had put him through all the drama her life had become. She was sure he would avoid her from now on; afraid she would put on a show like that one again. She could even imagine him telling his brother about it and asking him to designate another guide for her. 
Despite all of her self-scolding, she had to admit she had never felt lighter than she did that night. She felt as if she had removed the heavy stones she had always carried throughout her life, Johana had eased that weight, while she had lived, but it returned worse than ever when she died. 
After giving up trying to sleep, she put on some clothes and wrapped herself in her cape before she left her room, through her terrace. She had noticed it surrounded the palace and ended up in a flight of stairs that led directly to the gardens. 
Perhaps a long walk would tire her enough to help her get some sleep. 
The moon was shining high in the sky, and its light was more than sufficient to light her way. The flowers scented the night, and she took a few deep breaths, reveling in their delicious perfume. 
She had been walking for a few minutes when she felt she wasn’t alone anymore. Haakon was behind her, and she turned slowly to face him. 
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you,” he said, closing the distance between them. 
“You didn’t.” She didn’t stop, but it took him no time to reach her. 
“What are you doing out here at this hour?” he asked her, sounding concerned. 
“I couldn’t sleep, so I thought a walk might help me,” she explained, without facing him. 
“It’s too cold to be out here at this hour. You could get ill.” He admonished her, walking next to her.
“I couldn’t stay in bed any longer,” she stated, “And I’m not cold.” 
“What troubles you?” he asked standing in her way, forcing her to stop walking. 
She tilted her head back to look at him. “Nothing. I couldn’t sleep, that’s all,” she replied, in a cold tone, trying to walk around him, but he didn’t allow her. 
Instead, he cradled her face. “There’s sadness in your eyes.” He murmured. 
The warmth of his touch set her heart in a frantic rhythm, and she closed her eyes for a second, allowing herself to enjoy such pleasure, even if for just a moment. 
“I’m just a bit depressed, alright? Talking with you this afternoon, stirred up all my emotions, that’s all.” Why did he seem to be everywhere she went? Putting her hands over his, trying to pull him away, to no avail. 
“I want you to be happy,” he said, brushing her cheeks with his thumbs. 
His touch felt so good, she wanted to surrender to it, but she couldn’t. 
“I don’t think there’s much you can do, to make that happen,” she protested, “Don’t you all believe I will find my so-called soulmate?” There was so much cynicism in her words, he understood she didn’t believe that was even possible. “He should be the one in charge of making me happy.” 
“Of course, and we all want you to find your mate,” he assured her. 
“Listen, I’m sure your intentions are noble and that you have the greater good of your people in mind,” she started, “But, don’t expect me to believe that silly story of soulmates and other halves. That’s nothing more than rubbish, and I really don’t buy it,” she continued. “If I’m supposed to mate one of your men, just tell me who he is, and I’m sure we’ll give it our best try. It’s not as I can reject him,” she pulled his hands off her face and tried to leave, but he grabbed her by her wrist and pulled her back to him. 
“Please, have more faith,” he asked her. “Open your heart and your mind to the possibility…” he tried to explain, but she cut him off. 
“I won’t get hurt again. You can have my body, but you won’t have my heart,” she assured him in an ice-cold tone. 
Desperate to break her walls, he cradled her face once more and, leaning towards her, he claimed her lips in a hot, deep kiss, assailing her mouth, taking advantage of her gasp to invade it and delve every inch of it, igniting the fire between them. 
The moment she felt his lips on hers, her whole body felt as if set on fire. Passion swirled through her making her feel dizzy and completely out of control. 
When he finally allowed her to breathe, she pulled herself away from his embrace and ran away from him, heading back to her room. 
What the hell had he tried to prove with that kiss? She was sure he wasn’t her so-called soulmate. He had never shown her the interest she had seen on Fritjof’s face each time he looked at Erin. So, what were his intentions? 
By the time she reached her room, she was more confused than ever, so she decided to avoid him as much as possible. Nothing good could come out of a situation like that one, she was sure of that. 
For the next days, she was successful at avoiding him. She asked the king for some software that would help her learn to read and write their language. He had suggested that Haakon could teach her, but she rejected the idea, firmly. She wanted to learn on her own. 
After insisting a little more, he had finally agreed to give her what she asked. That gave her a legitimate excuse to stay in her room as much as possible. 
Meanwhile, Erin was helping the genetic labs to find new ways to solve the problem causing their lack of female births. So, Rosalind hadn’t seen her much either. 
“Can you believe they never considered assisted fertilization?” she asked her one time they had met in the hallway that led to their bedrooms. 
“Considering where that took the human race, perhaps they were right,” Rosalind commented. “We denatured the conception methods altogether, turning them into some sort of custom orders.” 
“Well, yes, I know what you mean,” she let out a sigh. Her story wasn’t much different from Rosalind’s. “But in this case, it could mean the salvation of their species.” 
“They should set their boundaries before they even start. I’m sure you can help them with that.” 
“Yes. And I’m sure you’ll be of great help,” she pointed out. “We must sell the idea to their people. They aren’t fond of anything that isn’t natural.” 
“You know you can count on all my help.” 
“Either way, this is something it will take time to investigate. Their DNA differs greatly from ours though there are enough similarities. I guess that’s what makes us such good mates for them.” 
“I’m sure you can do this,” Rosalind encouraged her. 
“Let’s hope so.” 
She had seen Haakon at the palace, but she hadn’t talked to him alone again, not after that night he had kissed her. She was sure it was best to avoid him. She had nothing to do at his side. 
Chapter Four

Haakon watched Rosalind walking around the gardens, and as always, he had to fight the urge to meet her and talk to her. 
“You never told me what happened between the two of you,” his brother’s voice sounded behind him. 
“I rushed things,” he let out a deep sigh. “She doesn’t believe in soulmates,” he added, turning to look at his brother. 
“Could it be possible you’re confusing attraction with it?” the king asked, with a deep frown. 
“Of course not,” he shook his head, vehemently. “I’ve been attracted to a lot of females before, and you know that. What I feel for her has nothing to do with that. She refuses to believe it could be possible. She hasn’t had much love in her life, and when she did, she ended up alone and hurting.” 
“You must work harder to convince her it’s real.” 
“And how the hell do I do that without telling her I’m the man?” he grumbled. “I should take her up to my mountains. She wouldn’t be able to hide from me there.” 
The king shook his head. “Give her a few more days.” 

News of a new cargo with human females spread through the palace like fire. Asgar and his crew left to meet the Slythonians and Rosalind couldn’t help feeling sorry for those women. She knew they were going through hell in the hands of the damned lizards. 
She knew she was a bit selfish, but she was looking forward to the arrival of the new women. She needed someone to talk to, and unfortunately, Erin was so busy working with Fritjof she barely had time for anything else. 
Walking through the gardens, one afternoon, she was trying to memorize the characters that formed the Zuvrakian alphabet, when she saw Haakon at a distance. They hadn’t talked ever since that night, and she wasn’t sure she wanted to talk to him again. 
She had been making a conscious effort to forget him and forget all the things he made her feel. 
With a deep sigh, she sat on the ground, under a tall bush and focused on the sheets she had in her hands. 
“I heard you were trying to learn our language,” his voice startled her, and she looked up, just in time to see him kneeling in front of her. 
“Yes, I really hate not being able to read or write,” she explained, not looking at him, her eyes fixed on the sheets she was squeezing in her hands. 
“It would be faster with someone helping you,” he said. 
“Perhaps, but for now I’m sure I can cover the basics by myself.” 
“I don’t doubt your abilities; I just said it would be faster,” he explained. “Have I offended you in any way?” he asked after a few moments of silence. 
Surprised, she tilted her head back to look at him. “No, why would you think that?” 
“You have been avoiding me.” It wasn’t a question.
“I just thought it was better this way. I really don’t need a tutor, since I’m not having any kind of contact with other people than the ones at the palace,” she explained, looking back at her papers. 
“Even so, there is a lot I could teach you,” he insisted. 
Suddenly, she got up and took a step away from him. “You should wait for the new women Asgar will bring. Perhaps, you’ll find your soulmate amongst them.” She suggested, running away from him. 
The simple idea of what she had just outed, caused her so much pain she knew she wouldn’t be able to hide it from him. 
She didn’t want to see that happen. She couldn’t. It would kill her. And that meant she had to stay away from him as much as possible. 
But he clearly did not intend to let that happen. 
He went after her, and it only took him a few seconds to stand in her way. “Wait. You’re not making any sense. I’m not expecting my soulmate,” he stated, holding her by her shoulders. 
“Why not? Aren’t you all supposed to be in the search?” she asked, oozing sarcasm, to hide the tightness in her heart. 
“Asgar, with luck, will bring back four or five more women. The probabilities of finding my soulmate amongst them are next to zero. Besides, I’m not looking,” he assured her. “Allow me to show you my planet. Don’t push me away.” 
“This is useless. If someone has already claimed me, as you say, then why not allow him to show me everything?” she asked, feeling frustrated and cornered. 
“Why do you discard the possibility I’m that man?” he asked, frowning. 
She was so startled by his question, she gasped. Could it be possible? 
No… of course, not… she was sure he wasn’t. He hadn’t shown her any signs… except for that kiss… 
“Are you telling me you are?” she finally managed to ask. 
“No, I’m not saying that, but I’m not saying the opposite either. It puzzles me the fact you don’t even consider it possible,” he explained, cursing his brother for not letting him be honest with her. 
“You… I don’t know… I’m too confused right now. I don’t know anything else,” she mumbled, trying to escape his grip. 
“I know you have been through a lot, I’m aware of that, but hiding away won’t make things easier,” he said, tightening his grasp on her shoulders, without hurting her. “Allow me to be with you, to show you this place, to help you find your place, here with us.” 
She shook her head. What he said made sense, of course, if it wasn’t for the attraction, she felt for him. But she couldn’t tell him that. 
“There’s no hurry with that.” 
“Don’t hide from me. Let me help you, please,” he asked again. 
She tilted her head to look at him. Perhaps, he was right. Being away from him hadn’t helped her feel any better, so why not enjoy his company as much as she could. Even if she were destined to lose him in the near future, she would have those moments to comfort her. 
“Alright, you have convinced me,” she nodded. 
He smiled, pleased. “Thank you. Now, would you like to visit the local market with me?” 
“That sounds fun. What do they sell there?” she asked, curious. 
“All sorts of things, from food to clothing and so much more,” he explained, taking her hand in his and guiding her back to the palace. 
Rosalind felt his natural warmth spreading through her whole body and smiled, confirming her decision. She would enjoy his company and forget about the future. 
The market wasn’t as she had imagined it. Markets or supermarkets back on Earth were huge department stores, almost entirely automated with more robots than people, helping the buyers to get what they wanted.
This one was more like a horizontal department store, but each department had a couple of people there to help you get what you need and show you the new things that might interest you, considering what you were looking for. She really enjoyed the personalized attention. 
People at the market had shown curiosity at her presence there, but they had all welcomed her with friendly smiles and kind words.
Everybody knew Haakon, respected, and cared for him, and that made the whole experience a lot better. They walked around the place, tasting the food and looking at works of art, mostly sculptures in a material she wasn’t able to identify, but according to his description, she guessed it was some sort of stone. They also had what she would call painting, though it looked more like photography than painting, or perhaps, graphic design. It didn’t look handmade, but even so, they were amazing. 
“I don’t understand why the palace is so empty, so bare if you have such amazing artists amongst your people,” she commented as they were leaving another small gallery. 
He shrugged. “My father never cared about that, and my mother died when I was born, of a strange disease the doctors weren’t able to identify. It destroyed her immune system, and she wasn’t able to cure herself, like we all do, with most diseases or wounds.” 
“Oh, it must have been terrible.” 
“Yes, it was, especially for my father and my mother.” 
“For you too.” 
“You can’t really miss what you never had. My father and my brother raised me. I don’t remember being cared for by a woman, during my whole childhood.” 
“What about your father? Is he still alive?” she asked, curious. 
“Yes, he is. He handed the kingdom to my brother on his two-hundredth birthday. He said it was time for him to get rest and enjoy the rest of his life,” he replied, with a smile. “That was ten rotations ago.” 
“Two hundred? How long do you live?” she was in shock. 
“Around two hundred and fifty rotations, more or less. That’s when our immune system fails, and we can succumb to the silliest disease or injury.” 
“How old are you right now?” she asked, still amazed. People on Earth could barely reach one hundred years. 
“I’m seventy years old,” he frowned at her amazement. “You look surprised. How old are you?” 
“I am. My people don’t live that long. I’m just twenty-five,” she explained. 
“How long do you live?” he asked, and now his frown was deeper. 
“One hundred, with luck. People your age don’t look like you; they’re old, weak, and not as agile as they were. At least, most of them.” 
“We never age, I guess because of our self-healing systems,” he explained. 
Now, she was the one frowning. Growing old, next to a partner that didn’t… that felt terrible, it would destroy any woman’s self-esteem. 
“Lucky you,” she muttered and entered another store. 
This one was of women’s clothes, but the sizes were so big, nothing she looked at, would ever fit her. Another thing she noticed was the clothes all looked like uniforms. Colors varied, and even the fabrics, but they were all like a jumpsuit, with long sleeves. 
“Didn’t you like anything?” he asked her, as he strolled after her. 
“Yes, I did, but most of it wouldn’t fit me,” she explained the obvious. 
“Oh, yes, I guess we need to look into it.” 
“Yes, that would be a great idea,” she retorted, moving to the next store. 
By the time they finished traversing the whole market, the sun was setting on the horizon. They had eaten so much, tasting all the place offered, she felt she was about to burst. But she had loved the experience. She knew part of her enjoyment was for his presence next to her, but she tried not to think much about it. 
They returned to the palace, and he walked her to her bedroom door. 
“I had a lovely day, thank you,” she admitted, smiling. 
“I enjoyed it, believe me. Seeing things through your eyes changed some of my perspectives,” he smiled back at her. 
“Will I see you tomorrow at breakfast? We could go hiking in one of the parks,” he suggested, smiling. 
“That sounds good. Perhaps we could take food and do a picnic.” 
“Picnic?” 
“You know when you take sandwiches and juice and eat it outdoors,” she explained. 
“Oh, yes, of course, a picnic. That would only make things better. There’s a waterfall in this park, I’m sure you would love to see.” 
“Yes, that sounds perfect.” 
“Then, we can leave right after breakfast. I’ll have the kitchen prepare some snacks for the picnic.” 
“Perfect,” she opened the door to her room. “Once more, thank you. I really enjoyed it,” she added, stepping inside. 
He stepped closer and traced her cheek before he cupped it. 
Instinctively, she tilted her head to meet his palm, and he leaned to brush his lips against hers. 
“Thank you for giving me a chance,” he murmured, his lips still over hers, just before he kissed her once more. This time, his tongue slid inside her mouth, deepening the kiss, stealing her breath away, setting her whole body on fire. She wanted to resist, her mind told her to resist, but her body ignored it and reveled in the way his tongue swirled around hers and delved every inch of her mouth. 
Someone cleared their throat next to them, and they jumped back. 
Erin was standing a few feet away from them. “Hi, guys, having fun?” she asked, with a broad smile. 
Rosalind cursed the heat that flooded her cheeks, when Haakon looked as if nothing had happened. 
“Yes… we were… just saying goodnight,” she mumbled. 
She giggled and walked by them towards her own room, closing the door behind her. 
“Well, I better get rest, if we’re going out hiking tomorrow. Goodnight.” 
“Goodnight Rosalind,” he nodded and walked away, still smiling. 
Sighing, she closed her room’s door and let herself fall onto one of the big cushions that acted as chairs, not sure, how she felt, though confusion was undoubtedly one of the predominant feelings. 
After a few minutes, she decided to take a warm shower and go to bed. She really was looking forward to going hiking with him. 

The following morning, Rosalind put on another one of those adaptive suits and her cape wishing she had something more adequate for hiking on unknown terrain. She was about to leave her room when she heard someone knocking on her door. 
She opened it, puzzled, just to find Haakon at the door. 
“Good morning,” he entered the room. “It occurred to me you wouldn’t have the appropriate clothing for hiking, so I went looking for something more suitable,” he explained, handing her a bag. 
“What is it?” she asked, peeking inside the bag. 
“Kid’s clothing. I’m sure it will fit you perfectly. I even added some boots. They are self-adjusting, you won’t have problems with that.” 
“Oh, that sounds great,” she said, still surprised. 
“Get changed, I’ll wait for you.” 
She considered protesting, but something told her it would be a waste of time, so, she walked to the bathroom and closed the door behind her. 
In the bag, she found a suit, similar to the ones she had been wearing, but this one was made of fabric that seemed a lot warmer than the one she had on. It even included a sleeveless shirt, and some shorts she guessed were used as underwear and even socks with the boots he had mentioned. She put it all on, and as he said, it fit her perfectly. She guessed Drogon kids didn’t have breasts as big and round as hers, so the suit was a bit tight in that area. But other than that, it was perfect, and now that she had it on, she could see it was similar to the one he was wearing. The people of Zuvrak could learn a thing or two about fashion from the earthlings. 
Happy to leave the cape behind, she returned to the room. 
His eyes gained a unique shine when he saw her return. The suit he had brought her clung to her body like a second skin, especially around her amazing breasts. The sight of her left him breathless, and his whole body reacted immediately. 
Perhaps, it hadn’t been a good idea to get her that suit. How the hell was he going to keep his hands off of her? 
Taking a deep breath, he struggled to regain control over himself and smile. “You look great. Let’s go get breakfast so we can leave.” 
“Yes. Thank you for thinking of it.” 
They joined the King, Erin, and Fritjof for breakfast. There was an atmosphere of excitement present in the room she hadn’t felt before. 
“What’s up?” she asked Erin, as she took a seat at the table. 
“Asgar is coming back, he’s expected tomorrow morning,” she explained. “He’s bringing five more women.” 
“Oh, I see,” she nodded, looking at the king. “Do you think you’ll find the mates for them as well?” 
“I’m sure,” he confirmed. 
“And with luck, one will be for himself. We need a queen in this palace,” Haakon added, with a broad smile. 
Brynjar just scowled and didn’t comment.
Right after the meal, Haakon took her to the park. Someone had packed them some light backpacks with some food and drinks, so they were ready for their picnic. 
The park he took her to was further away than the first one he had taken her to. They took almost two hours to get to the place where he would park his vehicle, a secluded area, with no one else around, surrounded by the enormous trees and a lot of bushes. 
She took a deep breath, feeling invigorated by the pureness of the air. 
He handed her a small backpack and grabbed the other one. “Ready? It’s a two-hour hike to the waterfall,” he explained. 
“Alright, that sounds good,” she had hiked a lot with Johanna. They had always enjoyed walking through the woods. 
“If you get too tired, I can carry you there,” he suggested. 
“I’m sure that won’t happen.” 
He chuckled and guided her to a narrow trail that led to the waterfall. 
It still surprised her, the silence in the woods. With the absence of birds, the silence was almost absolute. You could only hear the cool breeze dancing through the leaves and their feet crushing the fallen leaves and sticks. 
“I think I’ll miss the birds,” she said after a while. 
He chuckled and turned to look at her. “Why do you say that?” 
“I used to hike with my friend, a lot, and one of the things I most enjoyed was the chirping of the birds,” she explained. “Here, I feel I’m walking through a haunted forest,” she added, laughing. 
“Yes, it’s silent, I hadn’t noticed that before,” he smiled. 
“Like you said, you can’t miss what you never had,” she shrugged. “Back on Earth we have singing birds, and their melodies are beautiful.” 
“Perhaps, we should bring some birds from your planet,” he suggested, teasingly. 
“You’re too smart to make that mistake. Putting new animals in an ecosystem can be as dangerous as setting a bomb. You never know how they’ll affect the area,” she pointed out. 
“Yes, of course.” 
They reached a clearing in the woods that opened to a small cliff. The view of the imposing forest was breath-taking. 
“You don’t use the wood from the trees?” she asked, curious, after a few moments. 
“No, our forests are crucial for our atmosphere, and we have plenty of other materials that replace wood,” he replied. 
“Our planet should have done that, since the beginning. But it’s a lesson we’ve already learned,” she commented twirling around to look at everything. 
“Do you want to rest, or shall we go on?” he suggested smiling pleased with her reaction to the place. 
“No, let’s go. I’m eager to see that waterfall you mentioned,” she replied, smiling back. 
“Of course,” he bowed teasingly and guided her back to the trail. 
This part of the trail was harsher, composed steeper ascensions, but she climbed along with him without protest. At some point, he made her stop, standing in front of her. She could hear the clamor of the waterfall, but it still wasn’t in sight. 
“I want you to close your eyes and allow me to guide you for the rest of the way. I want you to have a full image of the waterfall for the first time,” he explained, smiling. 
“How much further is the waterfall?” she asked. 
“About five minutes from here. I can also fly you there.” 
“No, it’s alright, I’ll close my eyes, and you can guide me,” she quickly answered. 
“Don’t you want to fly in my arms? Does it scare you?” he asked, sounding a bit hurt. 
She let out a heavy sigh. “I’m not very comfortable with heights, that’s all,” she confessed, keeping her reaction to being in his arms to herself. 
“Oh, I see. You must have been pretty scared the day I took you to the beach.” 
“Just a bit, but I would do it again; the beach was worth the ride,” she assured him. 
He chuckled and stretched his hand to take hers. She closed her eyes and put her hand in his, feeling him wrapping his long fingers around her hand. 
Jolts of energy rushed through her body, and she sighed. 
Slowly, he guided her the rest of the way up, and soon he was making her stop. 
He walked around her and stood behind her, wrapping his arms around her waist. 
“Open your eyes,” he whispered in her ears. 
She obeyed and gasped. The waterfall was huge, high and wide, to the point it reminded her of the Niagara Falls. But the surprising element was the color of the water. Instead of orange, as she was expecting, it was purple. The effect was just amazing. 
They were standing on a small cliff, about halfway up to the top of the waterfall and they were able to admire it fully. 
“How come it’s purple? I thought all the water here was orange,” she asked, puzzled. 
“It is, but the rocks on the top of this waterfall have other minerals that combined with the ones that turned the water orange, turn it purple,” he explained, chuckling. 
“It’s awesome.” The water splashed at the bottom hard and projected clouds of drizzle that the wind carried their way. 
“Come, we’ll get wet,” he made her take a few steps away from the edge. 
“Is there a way to get to the top?” she asked, still enjoying the view. 
“Yes, there is, but it’s complicated, and it would take us too long.” 
“What about the bottom?” 
“Same thing. I know you don’t like it much, but I could take you if you want,” he suggested, with an alluring tone. 
“I would love to see the bottom,” she murmured, doubting. 
“Then let me take you. We could have a picnic there.” 
She approached the edge once more and looked at the small lake, taking a step back, a bit dizzy. She wanted to look at it from up close. 
“Very well. Take me,” she decided. 
He took her hands and kissed the back of them. “You’re a brave woman, Rosalind.” 
She chuckled and shook her head. “Not anymore…” she murmured, in a sad tone. “I lost all my drive when I lost Johanna.” 
He pulled her closer to him. “All you need to do is find a new goal, something to put that drive back in your life,” he pointed out. 
She shook her head. “It’s not that easy.” 
“You’re afraid of being hurt again.” He wasn’t asking. “But pain is part of life. Hiding away from it is hiding away from life.” 
“I know that,” she admitted, sighing. “Anyway, I thought you were taking me down.” 
He nodded and dropped his backpack on the ground before he displayed his wings. 
“I’ll never cease to be amazed by that. It’s almost like magic,” she said as she watched him. 
He chuckled, taking her in his arms. “Yes, there is some magic in it,” he assured her as he flapped his wings, taking off. 
It only took them a few seconds to get to the bottom of the waterfall. He dropped her gently on a sandy shore before he went back up to pick up his backpack. 
When he came back, she had taken off her boots and had her feet submerged in the cold water. 
“The water is cold. You could get ill,” he warned her, as he started to set out the things for the picnic. He had even brought a fluffy blanket to put on the grass for them to sit on. 
“Of course not, I love feeling it. The water here has magic too, you know. I always feel renewed after a simple shower,” she said as she paced the small shore they were on. 
“Yes, I know. Have you tried the bathtub? It’s even better,” he asked her. 
“No, I haven’t. It looks too complicated, and since I still can’t read the instructions, I haven’t dared to try,” she explained. 
“You could have asked for my help,” he scolded her, as he unpacked the food. 
She shrugged. “I didn’t want to bother you.” 
“You could never bother me,” he assured her, getting up and closing the distance between them. He stretched his hand out to her. “Come, it’s time to eat.” 
“We still have time. Why don’t you join me instead?” she asked in a playful tone.
He smiled. “I’m not that fond of the cold water.” 
“Yes… I was thinking about that. How come a race of fire breathers like your people, live on a cold planet such as this?” she asked him. 
“We’re not from here, at least, not originally,” he confirmed her suspicions. “According to our historical records, our ancestors moved here when our home planet exploded. They had been looking for a habitable planet for quite some time when they came across this one. It was colder than they wanted, but it had a compatible atmosphere, and we could drink its water.” 
“So, you adjusted to it.” 
“Yes, and we have been here for several thousand rotations now.” 
“That’s amazing.” 
“We’re an amazing race,” he agreed with a teasing smile. 
He stretched out his hand once more, and this time she took it and came out of the water. Once more, he dried her feet with his warm breath, and she put on her shoes as they sat on the blanket to enjoy the delicious food he had brought. 
They chatted more about their history and about the planet, taking their time eating and enjoying their surroundings. 
By the time, they returned to the palace, the sun was setting in the sky, and Rosalind felt more relaxed than ever. 
Like the day before, he walked her to her bedroom, but this time he opened the door and entered. 
“What are you doing?” she asked, following him inside. 
“Showing you how to operate the bathtub,” he explained walking straight to the bathroom. “After all, we walked today; you’ll enjoy a hot bath,” he added. 
“Yes, but I could ask anyone else. You didn’t have to bother…” 
“It’s no bother, I already told you,” he insisted. 
Chapter Five

With a few brief explanations, he showed her how to fill the tub, start the engines, and empty it. 
“It consumes a lot of water for just one person,” she commented, considering the size of the tub. 
“Don’t worry about that. All the water is recycled. Remember we waste very little of our resources,” he dismissed her protest, as he finished filling the tub. “Give me a call if you need help. Otherwise, enjoy your bath.” 
He nodded and grazing his lips over hers, he left the room, closing the door behind him. 
She shook her head, smiling, but decided not to waste the hot water; she got rid of her clothes quickly and entered the tub. 
If the shower was good, the tub was paradise. She turned on the engines and stayed there as long as she could, just relaxing, before she washed herself up. 
She returned to her bedroom wearing one of the tunics she always wore after a bath, considering if she was hungry enough to go downstairs for dinner. 
She hadn’t reached a conclusion when she heard some knocking on her door. She pressed the button that opened the door; sure, it would be Erin. 
But it wasn’t Erin. It was Haakon, carrying a huge tray. 
“I thought you might feel too tired to go downstairs for dinner, so I took the liberty to bring dinner to you,” he explained as he rested the tray on a small table near the window. “I hope you don’t mind if I join you.” 
“No, of course not,” she mumbled, mentally shrugging off her amazement and walking to the table. 
He had brought up quite a feast. “You didn’t have to bother…” 
“I called the kitchen and asked them to bring food. It’s hardly a bother,” he dismissed her words and invited her to eat. 
She took a seat in front of him, and they started eating. 
“You must miss your own house, after all this time here at the palace,” she said as she carved a piece of the meat she was enjoying. 
“Yes, I really can’t wait to go back home. The city is definitely not my place,” he nodded, “But Brynjar insists I have to stay longer.” 
“He should understand your need to be home.” 
“He does, but he is the king, and his priorities are different,” he explained, “I would love to take you there and show you all around.” 
She looked at him surprised. “I’m sure it would be fun,” she said,, not sure what intention was behind his words. 
“I think you would like it.” 
Dinner lasted longer than expected when she encouraged him to talk about his place, and the cattle he raised. She could feel the passion in his tone when he spoke, and she wished she could go there with him, despite what it could mean being alone with him, up in his mountains. 
 
The following morning, the palace exuded excitement. Asgar’s ship had arrived, and he had brought the new women to the palace. 
Rosalind and Erin were the only ones having breakfast that morning. The others had eaten earlier, so they could welcome the new group. 
“Do you think they will finally reveal the mates?” Erin asked, sounding tense. 
“I’m not sure. But I doubt it.” 
“What if I have been fooling myself? I’m not sure I could take it,” she murmured, wriggling her hands over the table. 
“I don’t think so. The connection between you and Fritjof is almost palpable,” Rosalind assured her. 
“I could say that of you and Haakon,” she replied. 
“Oh, come on. He has never looked at me the way Fritjof looks at you,” Rosalind retorted, snorting. “Haakon is just bored, and he finds that taking me out sightseeing is better than doing nothing.” 
“If you say so…” she let out a sigh. “I think I’ll go to the lab. I need to keep busy while that meeting takes place,” she got up and left, leaving Rosalind alone. 
Despite Haakon’s words, she knew there was the possibility he would find his soulmate amongst this new group of women, and the mere idea was enough to make her feel upset. 
Unable to eat much more, she left the meals room and went back to her room. She wasn’t in the mood for anything else. 
A few hours later Erin came looking for her. 
“What’s going on?” she asked her friend. 
“I talked with Fritjof. Of the new group, only one woman has been claimed,” she said as she barged into her room. 
Rosalind’s heart missed a beat. “By whom?” 
“He didn’t want to tell me, but I insisted so much he ended up telling me.” 
“By whom, Erin?” she asked again, almost shouting. 
The other woman chuckled. “I promised not to tell who it was… but I can tell you who it wasn’t,” she added giggling, noticing her anxiety. “It’s not Haakon.” 
A wave of relief crashed over her. 
She let herself fall over the bed, suddenly too weak to stand. 
“I’m sure he’s your soulmate, Rosalind,” Erin said, taking a seat next to her. 
“Of course, not…” she grumbled rubbing her eyes. 
“And yet, you have fallen for him.” She wasn’t asking. 
Rosalind shook her head, refusing to believe it herself, but knowing deep down her friend was right. “It doesn’t matter. I’ll be alright.” 

Haakon was in the garden, staring at his beloved mountains. He wanted to go home and take Rosalind with him. He was losing his patience and his self-control rather rapidly. 
“Pack your things,” his brother’s voice startled him. 
“What?” he slowly turned to look at Brynjar. 
“I said, pack your things. You can go back to your mountains,” he repeated. 
“I’m not leaving Rosalind here,” he grumbled, not in the mood for jokes. 
“I know you won’t. But you must find a damn good excuse to convince her to accompany you.” 
Waves of relief flooded through him. He was taking her home. 
“That’s not a problem for me,” he assured his brother. 
“I want regular news of the advances you make with her. You know we’re running out of time,” Brynjar warned him. 
“I’m well aware of that,” he remained in silence for a few moments. “So, none of the women are for you?” he dared to ask, worried. 
 “No, not yet. Perhaps, I’ll be luckier next time.” 
“Yes, you have to,” he did not intend to become the king. His brother needed to find his soulmate and have a bunch of kids to succeed him. 
“I haven’t given up yet, so you’re off the hook for a while longer. Just take your mate up to your mountains and seduce her. We need to give our people hope for a brighter future.” The tone of his brother’s voice was stern, but it was understandable. 
“I will, I assure you,” he hugged his brother and walked back to the palace. He was determined to get Rosalind and take her home with him even if it meant throwing her over his shoulder and flying her there. 
He found her in her room. 

After Erin had gone back to the lab, Rosalind felt restless, unable to breathe normally as she paced her room obsessed.
When she heard the knock on her door, she tensed up. She wasn’t expecting anyone. 
It was Haakon. 
“Hi, what’s up?” she asked him with a faint smile. 
“I’m going home,” he announced with a cheerful smile. 
Her heart stopped for a second when she heard him. She wasn’t ready to say goodbye. Why was he going away? She needed more time with him. 
“Oh… you must be happy,” she managed to mutter, looking away, not wanting him to notice how his news disturbed her. 
“Yes, I am, because now, I’ll be able to show you my home and my mountains,” he replied. 
She stared at him for a few seconds, not sure, she had heard him right. “What?” 
“I’m taking you with me,” he confirmed it. 
“But… I mean… the king…” Opposing feelings battled inside her: happiness he wasn’t leaving her behind and concern because she knew it would only deepen her feelings for him. 
“He has agreed to it. He’s sure it will give you another perspective on our planet,” he explained. 
She frowned. She didn’t want him to leave, but she wasn’t sure it was a good idea to go with him. “I don’t think that would be necessary…” she started to say. 
“Oh, but I’m sure it’s vital,” he interrupted her. “So, we’re leaving as soon as you pack your things,” he added, in a demanding tone. 
“What if I don’t want to?” she asked, in a cold tone. 
“I’ll take you anyway,” the determination in his eyes, told her exactly that. He wanted to take her to his mountains. 
She took a deep breath and nodded, still reluctant. How the hell was she going to resist him when they were all alone up in the mountains? 
He handed her a small bag, and she quickly packed the few pieces of clothing she had. 
“I would like to say goodbye to Erin.” She told him when she finished. 
“Of course. Do you know where you can find her?” 
“She told me she would be at the lab. But I don’t know where that is,” she replied, following him out of the room she had used for the past weeks. 
“I’ll ask Fritjof, he should know,” he took a device similar to a cell phone out of his pocket and soon they were heading to the lab where she was working. 
Haakon waited outside while she entered. 
“Hey, what’s up? Is something wrong?” Erin asked, startled when she walked in. Rosalind had never been there. 
“No, not wrong. Haakon is taking me up to his mountains,” she informed her friend. “So, I’m here to say goodbye. I don’t know how long I’ll be away.” 
Erin raised her eyebrow. “And you still insist he’s not your soulmate?” she asked, oozing disbelief. 
“Right now, I’m not sure of anything,” she admitted. 
“Then, enjoy it as much as you can. Even if he doesn’t turn out to be your soulmate, I’m sure you’ll have a great time,” Erin advised her. 
She took a deep breath. “Yes, that’s what I’ll do.” 
Erin hugged her tight and kissed her cheeks. “Have fun, and keep in touch. I’ll ask Fritjof for one of their communicators so we can talk,” she said with a broad smile. 
“Thank you, I would love that. You’re my only friend in the entire world,” she replied chuckling. 
She laughed. “Yes, I know the feeling. But I’m sure that will change and soon, for both of us.” 
“Yes, I’m sure of that too. Take care.” 
She left the lab feeling better. Erin’s support meant a lot to her. She had become a close friend, and she would miss her eternal optimism. 
“Ready?” Haakon asked, smiling. 
“Yes, I’m ready.” 
“Let’s go then,” he guided her to the palace’s main entrance where his vehicle waited for them. 
He placed her bag in the back seat and took his place behind the steering wheel. “There are two ways of traveling up to the mountains. We can drive or fly,” he informed her. “Flying is faster, but you won’t be able to see much.” 
“Then, let’s drive, unless you’re in a hurry?” she replied, with a tremulous smile. 
He put a finger under her chin and gently made her face him. “I’m not in a hurry; I want you to have the best experience,” he assured her. 
“Drive it is,” she repeated, smiling. 
He leaned forward and brushed his lips against hers. “Perfect,” he murmured, moving away and starting the engine.
The trip was awesome. They traveled through huge woods and vast badlands with unique beauty. He stopped a few times to show her the most interesting places, but what marveled her the most was the fields covered in pristine white snow. 
“It would be weird if the snow were orange,” she chuckled. 
“Yes, I guess it would look strange. The first snows turn orange though. But the upper layers keep their white color,” he explained. 
“I miss my cell phone. I would have filled my memory card with thousands of pictures,” she said, in one of their stops. 
“Cell phone?” he asked, not sure, he understood the concept. 
“Yes, something similar to the device you have to communicate. You could take pictures and make videos with it,” she explained. 
He took his out of his pocket and handed it to her. “You can use mine. It has those functions,” he offered. 
She smiled, happy. “Show me how.” 
He explained briefly and soon she was taking pictures of the whole area and pictures of him when he got distracted. It was a real pleasure photographing him. He was that kind of person that always looked good in a photo. 
By the time they arrived at his place, the night had fallen already, and it was so dark, she could barely see anything. 
He parked the car in front of the main door, and a man came out of it. He looked like an older version of the King. 
Haakon hopped out of the vehicle with a slight frown. Rosalind followed him slower. The wind blowing was freezing cold, and the thermic suit she was wearing wasn’t enough to protect her. 
“Dad, I didn’t know you were here,” she heard Haakon saying as he greeted the older man with a tight hug. 
“I arrived this morning,” he replied, but his eyes were fixed on her. “Is she one of the human females?” he asked, and Rosalind could denote some surprise and amazement in his tone. 
“Yes, she is. Allow me to introduce you to Rosalind,” Haakon answered, introducing his father to her. “Rosalind, he is my father, Jerrik.” 
“It’s a pleasure meeting you, sir,” she said, nodding. 
“Please, call me Jerrik,” he still looked astounded. 
“Thank you.” 
Haakon returned to the car and grabbed her bag. “Why don’t we take this conversation inside? Rosalind isn’t used to these temperatures,” Haakon suggested, taking her by her arm. 
His father nodded and followed them. “Of course.” 
“Why are you here?” Haakon asked him, puzzled but happy to see him. His father had retired to one of the smaller cities on the planet, and they didn’t see each other as much as they used to. 
“I wanted to check with my own eyes the novelties,” his father replied, barely coming out of his amazement. “I couldn’t believe the legends were right,” he added. 
“Yes, I know what you mean.” 
They entered the house and Haakon led them to a living room. 
Once more, the decoration was minimalist, with nothing on the walls, nothing on the floors, and surely nothing on the puffs they used as chairs and couches. 
“Welcome to my home,” he said to her. 
She smiled. “Thank you. I’m sure you have a lot to talk with your father, so perhaps you could show me the room where I’ll be staying. I could use a hot bath,” she suggested, with a faint smile. 
She could tell both men wanted to speak freely but were restraining themselves. 
“Yes, of course. You must be tired,” Haakon said, nodding. 
“Yes, a little bit,” she nodded and smiled at his father, excusing herself. 
He excused himself from his father and guided her up the stairs to a huge suite similar to the one she had been using at the palace. 
“Join us downstairs when you’re ready for dinner. You must be hungry,” he said, depositing her bag in one of the puffs. 
“Yes, of course, thank you.” 
“I’ll see you then,” he leaned forward and kissed her forehead before he left the room. 
She let out a sigh and walked to the huge window. Unlike her room at the palace, this one looked out directly to the mountains. The moonlight was bright enough to allow her to see the imposing mountains, with their enormous trees covered with a white mantle of snow. There wasn’t a light in sight. 
Haakon had changed since he had informed her, they were coming here. It was as if he felt more at ease on his own turf. As if he had unleashed the passion that had been burning between them since the first time they met. 
Perhaps they could be together even if they weren’t soulmates. According to what she had heard from them, the whole soulmate’s thing was a novelty for them, something they had considered to be a legend so far. 
She rested her forehead on the cool material of the window and let out a deep sigh. She wanted him so much. To be with him, she would accept anything he gave her. 
She knew she would probably end up hurt, but deep down she knew it would be worth it. What she felt for him was so different from everything she had ever experienced in her life she will take the chance. 
Rosalind waited for a few moments before she turned around and went looking for the bathroom. She needed a good bath and time alone to clear her mind. 

Haakon returned to the room where his father was waiting. The older man was looking out the window, but he turned around as soon as he walked in. “Is she the one for you?” he asked. 
“Yes, she is. I knew the minute I sensed her scent, and when I saw her, there was no doubt in my mind,” he explained to his father how he had met Rosalind for the first time and how Asgar had come across with the Slythonians and the human women. 
“And you say the other one that came with her has been claimed by Fritjof?” his father asked, still puzzled, taking a seat in one of the puffs. 
“Yes. Like me, he knew it as soon as he saw her. Asgar has arrived at the palace with five more women, but unfortunately, none was Brynjar’s soulmate,” Haakon took a seat in front of his father. 
“But there is hope now.” 
“Yes, there is hope. Asgar was amazed when he saw both women. He could sense the compatibility between the women and us,” he commented. 
“Yes, I could feel it too, as soon as I saw Rosalind,” he let out a sigh, “Have you told her you’re her soulmate?” 
“No, Brynjar decided it would be best if we didn’t, and I agreed, but it has been a pure hell to hold my instincts back,” he answered, exuding all of his frustration in every word. 
“Yes, I understand. It might be easier for them this way,” his father nodded. 
“Yes, I guess so, but I don’t know how much longer I’ll be able to hold it back,” Haakon warned. 
“Will you try to convert her?” his father asked, mentioning another part of the legend related to the soulmates.
“No, at least, not now. If I remember well, it said it could be dangerous for the females. There’s no sense risking their lives,” he replied. He had given little thought to that, but he would keep Rosalind safe, no matter what. 
“Yes, I guess you’re right.” 
Haakon got up and stretched his powerful body. “I’ll go take a bath and change for dinner. I’ll see you in a while,” he informed his father. 
“Of course, I’ll see you then.” 

Rosalind returned to the living room an hour later, just to find it empty. She guessed the men had gone to change for dinner, so she walked out to the terrace outside the room. The night was very cold, but there was no wind blowing, so she was able to stay at the terrace for a few minutes enjoying the peaceful night. 
She had sensed him before she heard him, so when he spoke, she already knew he was there. 
“It’s too cold out here,” he scolded her, standing behind her and wrapping his arms around her waist. 
She rested her head on his muscular chest, sighing. “I know, but it’s so peaceful out here I couldn’t resist,” she replied, loving to feel him so close to her, her heart drumming fast in her chest as desire rushed through her veins. 
“Yes, I know what you mean,” he kissed the top of her head. “But you could get ill. You have to put on warmer clothes,” he advised her. “Now, let’s go inside. Dinner is ready,” he added, taking her hand in his. 
She nodded, hating to leave the comfort of his embrace. 
They returned inside to find Jerrik already waiting for them. The meal went by in a friendly atmosphere, as they chatted and informed Jerrik more about the human race and planet Earth. 
He was so interested he started to plan a visit to Brynjar and the capital. 
“I’m sure Brynjar will love to see you there,” Haakon said, smiling. 
“Yes, I know. But for now, I’ll stay here for a few days. We haven’t spent much time together in the last couple of rotations,” Jerrik replied. 
“You’re always welcome, father.” 
“I know that. I guess I had been feeling too depressed with everything I got lost.” The man admitted. “But this news has brought new life into my old soul. This could be what we have been praying to the gods for.” 
“Yes, I know. Brynjar is very excited. But this is just a first step.” 
“I know that. But after looking so long for an answer, this is fabulous.” 
“Yes, it is,” Haakon smiled at his father. It was good seeing him so excited again. 
When they finished eating, the old man said goodnight alleging he was tired from his trip and retreated to his room. 
Haakon guided Rosalind back to the living room. 
“Do you want to go to bed now? We could talk more if you’re not too tired,” he suggested, inviting her to take a seat on a larger puff. 
Chapter Six

“No, I’m not that sleepy. The water always has the power to restore my energies,” she replied, accepting his invitation. 
He took a seat next to her. “Yes, I feel the same way,” he pulled her closer to him, grazing the edge of her face with the tip of his fingers. “So, do you like my mountains?” 
She chuckled, trying to disguise the chills of thrill running down her spine. “I loved what I’ve seen so far, and I’m looking forward to seeing it all.” 
“I’ll be more than happy to show it all.” He assured her. “It’s a pity we’re in mid-winter, but I’m sure I can show you most of the places I want you to know.” 
“So, it’s not always this cold up here?” she asked, curious, trying to look as cool as he was, with his body so close to her. 
“No, it’s never hot, but it can get nice in summer. Most of the snow disappears, and we’re able to have picnics in the woods around the ranch,” he explained. 
“Oh, that sounds great,” she exclaimed excitedly. “How many days does a rotation last for you?” 
“It takes 556 days. We are very far away from the sun, so it takes longer than most planets in this solar system.” 
“Planet Earth takes 365 days, yours take almost twice the time.” This meant he was much older if you considered earthling years. 
“Yes… What would you like to do tomorrow?” he asked, tucking a lock of golden hair behind her ear. 
“I would love to see you in your daily activities,” she said, smiling. 
“What makes you think I don’t lie around ordering others?” he teased her. 
“I guess I know you better than that,” she replied, smiling. 
He smiled pleased with her words. “Then it’s a deal. I’ll take you to see my work.” 
“Thank you, I’m sure I’ll love seeing you do it.” 
“We should go to bed, then. I usually start early in the morning,” he got up and stretched his hand out. 
Slowly, she placed hers on his and allowed him to help her get up, feeling there was more than it seemed in that simple gesture. 
He guided her to her room, opened the door, and entered with her, closing the door behind him. Her heart had missed a beat before it started to thunder inside her chest. 
He closed the distance between them and cradled her face in both his hands, his thumbs caressing her cheeks gently, as he locked his eyes on hers for a few moments. Gently, he brushed his lips over hers, once, twice, three times, before he took out the tip of his tongue and teased her. 
Her lips responded instinctively and parted slightly, just enough for him to slide his tongue inside. She tilted her head to the side to allow him full access to her mouth, as she wrapped her arms around his waist, feeling his powerful body so close to her. 
He kissed her many times, deep kisses, small kisses, all meant to bring out the passion that had been simmering between them since their eyes met for the first time, in the councils’ room. 
After a few minutes, they were both breathing heavily, their chests were heaving, and their hearts drummed to the same rhythm. They wanted more, they needed more. 
“Tell me to leave, if that’s what you want,” he had murmured before he brushed her full lips once more. 
Rosalind could see so much passion and desire in his eyes, she had no doubt it matched her own need, her own desire. 
She covered his hands with hers and shook her head. “I don’t want you to leave,” she murmured, anticipating the pleasure she knew they would conjure together. 
She knew she was tossing caution into the wind, but she was determined to live to the fullest, the time she had left with him. Nothing else mattered. 
Haakon sighed, relieved, before he leaned forward once more, and captured her lips in another passionate kiss. His tongue slid between her lips, conquering her mouth, delving each inch, deepening the kiss until they were both breathless and aroused. 
The passion burning between them finally exploded. Hungry kisses and urgent caresses were exchanged as they tore their clothes off, eager to feel each other’s skin. 
Seeing Rosalind’s perfect body for the first time was so arousing, he thought he would lose his self-control. She was so perfect, so beautiful; he couldn’t wait to taste her sweetness. 
The first time Rosalind saw Haakon completely naked, her heart stopped beating for a second. Over seven feet tall, he was pure muscle, perfectly shaped and breath-taking. But what surprised her the most, was his cock. 
God, he was imposing. Thicker and larger than anyone she had seen before in her life. But the most impressive part was the ridges he had, from the tip to the base of his cock, over and underneath it, the same ridges he had on his forehead. It looked amazing. 
Anxious to feel him, she stretched her hand, but he stopped her halfway there, taking her hand and kissing her palm. 
“I’ve wanted you for so long that if you touch me, I might lose control,” he explained, picking her up in his arms and carrying her to her bedroom and straight to her bed. 
She chuckled and crawled to the middle of the bed, and he crawled after her, nesting his body between her legs, allowing her to feel his hard cock poking her stomach. 
She gasped, feeling desire rushing through her whole body, making it hard for her to focus on anything other than him and the feelings he aroused in her. 
He intertwined his fingers in hers and pulled her hands over her head, before he captured her lips, his tongue swirling around hers in a teasing duel. 
He ran his hands down her arms, making her moan with pleasure before he cupped her face, to deepen the kiss. 
When they were both breathless, he released her lips, to trace a trail of fire with small kisses across her cheeks, all over her ears, down her neck and straight to her breasts. 
His hands followed the same path to her chest, and cupped her big, round breasts, squeezing them gently, ripping a moan from her lips. Her whole body arched to meet his, craving more contact. 
“You are so beautiful, you take my breath away,” he murmured, grazing his lips across her hot skin, sucking her hard nipples a few times, swirling his rough tongue around the sensitive skin, making her squirm beneath him. 
“Oh god… please…” her arousal had reached levels she had never experienced before, and she could feel an enormous orgasm building up inside her. She knew she wouldn’t be able to resist much longer. 
He smiled and slid his hand down her belly, until he could cup her mound, feeling its warmth. Meanwhile, his lips and tongue were still playing with her hard nubs, sucking and pulling, licking and nibbling, driving her insane. 
Soon, his fingers were delving her folds, smearing them with her fluids, finding the proof of her craving need in her drenched pussy. 
Then, he pulled her legs up to her chest, making her spread wide for him, to allow him a better sight of the center of her femininity. 
Drawing small spirals of fire, his fingers found her entrance before she could take another breath; he pushed two of them deep inside her, making her gasp for air, as her body trembled. 
“Oh… please… please…” she begged, feeling her body wavering on the verge of release. 
“Do you want me, Rosalind? Do you need me as much as I need you?” he whispered in her ear, as his tongue drew the contour of her earlobe. 
She shuddered, throwing her arms around his neck pulling him closer, eager for more. 
“Yes… yes… please…” 
He took his fingers out of her, just to thrust them back in, making scissoring movements to stretch her, making sure she was ready for him. His lips came down her belly, kissing and licking her skin, stopping intrigued by her belly button, his tongue poking the small orifice and drawing fiery circles around it.  
Plunging his fingers in and out of her, he quickly took her to paradise; watching, thrilled as wild waves of pleasure crashed over her. 
She was still swirling on the blissful turmoil when he rested the head of his cock on her entrance. Slowly, he pushed inside her, stretching her walls to fit him. Inch by inch he slid his length deep inside her, loving how her tight tunnel wrapped itself around him. 
Rosalind let out a small cry of happiness. She had never felt the way she was feeling, having him buried deep inside her. The pleasure was way beyond the physical level, and she felt as if she had finally found a home. The love she felt for him was so overwhelming it magnified her pleasure. 
With every inch he thrust inside her, she could feel each one of his ridges rubbing against her walls, reigniting the fire of the passion that had started to subside after the powerful orgasm that shook her whole body. 
Haakon took a deep breath, trying to control the fire burning inside him. His desire was so strong he could feel his body burning with need. His Drogon wanted to come out and fully mate her, but he knew this wasn’t the moment. The last thing he wanted was to scare her away and lose her before he had the chance to win her heart and her soul. 
But feeling her body convulsing underneath him and her walls clenching hard against him as he thrust in and out of her was almost too much. 
His body shuddered as jolts of pleasure rushed through him, so intensely he felt on the verge of losing control, completely. 
With a wild growl, he came deep inside her, pouring all his essence into her, his whole body trembling, while waves of pleasure engulfed him entirely. He had never felt this way before. He had never felt a connection between his heart, body, and soul so perfect and so deep and he knew she was the reason he was experiencing it now. If he had had any doubts about her being his soulmate, those had been obliterated that instant. 
Rosalind was dragged once more over the edge. And this time, the waves of pleasure he evoked inside her, were so powerful, so overwhelming, her whole body surrendered to him, and she lost consciousness. 

Haakon collapsed in bed next to her and pulled her to his chest. She was unconscious, but somehow that didn’t surprise him. They had been through a very intense moment and even he was feeling weak, drained of all energy. 
He kissed the top of her head and thanked the gods for bringing his válkana into his life. He now felt complete, whole. 
When the waves of the orgasm that shook him finally subsided, he slid out of bed and went to the bathroom. He was sure she would feel sore after their first time, and the healing qualities of their water were just what she would need to feel good again. 
She was coming to herself when he returned to the room, still completely naked, his cock still half erect as if he hadn’t had enough. 
“Hi… how are you feeling?” he whispered, kneeling in bed next to her. 
“Not sure I’m still alive,” she muttered with a rapture expression on her face. “Perhaps I died and went to heaven,” she chuckled. 
“Though I have no idea where heaven is, I can assure you, you are alive and well,” he said, smiling as he picked her up in his arms. 
She let out a small cry, startled. “Where are you taking me?” she asked, smiling back at him, as she wrapped her arms around his strong neck. 
“To the bathing room. I’m sure you’re feeling sore, the water will help you,” he explained as he entered the huge tub with her still in his arms. 
“You don’t have to bathe with me,” she teased him. 
“I have to. It’s my duty to take care of you,” he replied, and though there was a teasing tone in his voice, his eyes told her he meant every single word he had just said. 
He took a seat on the bottom of the tub and made her sit on his legs, straddling him. 
“You could take care of me from out of the tub,” she teased him more, resting her arms on his shoulders. 
“Of course, I could, but this way is much better,” his arms wrapped themselves around her waist and pulled her closer. 
She smiled, amused, but she shared his opinion. It felt amazing to be in his arms, with nothing between them. She rested her face on his strong chest and allowed herself to stay there, just feeling, not letting her mind interfere in that moment of sheer pleasure and bliss. 
“How are you feeling now?” he asked, caressing her hair. 
“Much better, no soreness anymore,” she replied, without moving. 
“Tell me about this,” he asked, playing with the ring on her left nipple. He had noticed it before but hadn’t had time to mention it. 
“That comes with the collar,” she replied, in a harsh tone, still remembering when the Slythonians had put them on her and all the other females on board. “I have no idea why they put it there, but I would gladly take it out, along with the damn collar.” 
He played with the ring, twisting it a little while he watched her face up close. “I think it can be fun. Perhaps we should replace it with another one, a gift from me.” 
“Hmmm, not sure about that,” she grumbled. He had eluded commenting on the presence of the collar on her neck, and though her rational side understood why they were keeping it, she still hated the damn thing. 
The pain it caused her was still fresh in her mind. 
He twisted the ring a little, and jolts of pleasure and pain rushed through her mind, making her forget all about the collar, ripping moans from her lips. 

His cock responded to her moans, pushing up, against her little pussy. 
“Good, because I need you again,” he whispered in her ear. 
She tilted her head back to look at him. “You do?” It surprised her. But thinking back, she shouldn’t have been, since that same need burned inside her. 
“Yes, very much,” he assured her. 
She gently kissed his lips. “Then, take me. I’m all yours.” 
For a moment, she thought she had seen a particular shine in his eyes, but it disappeared so quickly she figured she had imagined it. 
His hands lifted her in the warm water, just to slowly lower her down on his hard shaft. 
Rosalind tilted her head back, moaning out loud, as she felt his ridges rubbing against her G-spot, on its way in. 
“Oh god… that feels so good…” she mumbled when he was finally buried inside her. 
He smiled and leaned over to take one of her nipples between his lips. “You feel so good,” he replied, combining kisses and nibbles in both her hard peaks. 
She moaned once more, as jolts of pleasure rushed through her body. 
After a few moments, he impelled her to ride him, slowly at first, but gradually increasing her speed as she went up and down on his shaft. 
It was so good she couldn’t control the moans and whimpers coming out of her mouth. She loved it so much, she couldn’t think, just feel. 
Grasping her hips, he started to push her himself, making her go faster and deeper as if possessed by a need so potent it was beyond explanations. 

Haakon pushed her up and down his cock, harder, faster and deeper. Instead of satiating his hunger, their first time together had only fueled his need for her, and the demands of the Drogon inside him were becoming stronger and stronger. 
Her moans and whimpers only exacerbated that need. 
She wrapped her arms tight around him and the pleasure rushing through his body was so powerful, it clouded his mind. 
Scales appeared on his nape, his claws grew as well as his fangs, and his eyes became brighter than ever. But neither of them realized that. 
They were too wrapped up in the turmoil of passion they had conjured that they didn’t see the signs.
When the powerful waves of the orgasm crashed over them, Haakon lost the little control he had left and reaching for her left breast, he buried his fangs in it, sucking her vital fluids at the same time he poured his inside her. 
Rosalind was so lost in the pleasure he was giving her, she didn’t notice the sting or the thin thread of blood rolling down her breast. 
At least, not until he realized what he was doing and moved away, almost pushing her out of his lap. 
“Oh damn...” he stabilized her. “I’m so sorry.” 
“What… what were you doing?” she uttered, her eyes fixed on the two tiny holes on her left breast. 
He rubbed his face with his hand, not sure of how to explain it to her. “You know I’m a Drogon, you have seen my wings…” he explained. 
“Yes, of course…” she replied, with a frown, still staring at her breast. 
Carefully, he leaned forward and poured some water on her breast, wiping away the blood and accelerating the healing process. In just a few seconds, the tiny holes had disappeared. 
“That part of me sometimes comes out during the coupling, and my instincts take over, like right now,” he continued carefully, trying not to scare her. 
“Were you going to drain all my blood?” she was still struggling to understand what was going on, still involved in the haze of her desire. 
“No, of course not, not all. Just a little.” 
“Would it harm me?” she asked, not sure how she felt about it. 
“No, never. It’s just another way of deepening the connection between the male and the female,” he assured her, “It intensifies the pleasure, just that.” 
She caressed the area where the tiny holes had been before she looked at him. “Then, it’s alright. I don’t mind,” and she meant it. 
The pleasure she had felt had been mind-blowing. She was more than willing to live that experience once again. 
Haakon smiled and pulled her even closer to him, claiming a passionate kiss from her lips. “You’re an amazing woman, do you know that Rosalind?” he murmured in her ears.
She smiled but said nothing else. 
They stayed a little while longer in the warm water before they got out and finished their bath in the shower stall. 
He took her to bed, and to her surprise, he lay in bed with her, cuddling her body next to his, and lulling her to sleep. 
She had never slept in someone’s arms. She always kept people away, even Jonas. They had been lovers for several months, but she had always found an excuse not to sleep with him. But, with Haakon, it felt right. As if she belonged in his arms and she didn’t even consider uttering a protest. 
The following morning, when the sunlight woke her up, she was alone in bed. She figured Haakon was working since dawn, and though she understood, she couldn’t help feeling disappointed. She would have loved to wake up in his arms. 
Yawning, she jumped out of bed and walked to the window eager to have her first look at the house’s surroundings, and what she saw took her breath away. 
The house was on the top of a hill surrounded by a vast forest of huge trees. Behind it, you could see the imposing mountains, covered in white. 
“Good morning,” Haakon greeted her from behind. “I was hoping to find you still in bed,” he said, closing the distance between them and wrapping her body with his. 
“Good morning. I just woke up.” She greeted him back, leaning her head on his chest. “This place is amazing. I can’t wait to start exploring it all,” she added, with a warm smile. 
“And I’m eager to show it to you,” he kissed the top of her head. “Get changed, father is waiting to have the morning meal with us,” he asked her. 
“Oh, you should have told me,” she scolded him, a bit flustered. 
“I am telling you,” he replied, smiling. 
She snorted and headed straight to the bathroom, for a quick shower. She put on one suit she had brought with her, wishing she had something nicer to wear. She needed to find someone able to make some new clothes for her. 
He was still waiting for her when she came out of her dressing room. 
“I need clothes. But I also need to find a job to pay for them,” she said, with a slight frown as they left her room.
“No… of course not. We brought you here. The least we can do is provide for you,” he assured her. “What exactly do you need?” he asked. 
“Something that doesn’t look like a damn uniform. I must say you guys have little imagination where clothes are concerned.” 
“Perhaps you could show one of our seamstresses a drawing of what you have in mind. I’m sure she would be able to replicate it,” he suggested, smiling, as they entered the meals’ room. 
“Yes, I guess that could work, though I’m not a fashion designer,” she had replied before she turned to greet the man at the table. “Good morning, Jerrik. I trust you had a good night.” 
“Oh, it was better than any other I can remember. The good news has taken an enormous weight off my shoulders.” 
“I’m glad to hear, and I hope this works for everybody,” she said, and she meant it. Even if she wasn’t meant to find a true partner on that planet, the place was feeling like home, and she wished they could find a solution for their terrible problem.
“Thank you, my dear.” 
They enjoyed a pleasant meal, and when they finished, Haakon invited her to go with him to the stables where they kept the livestock they raised. 
He took her there in a different vehicle. This one was narrow, more similar to a motorcycle than to a car, but it was covered, and it also hovered. She took a seat behind him and soon they were on their way. 
The stables were a few minutes away from the house, and she had never seen a stable this size. The building looked more like a football stadium than a stable, and from what she could see there were several constructions like the one they were in spread all over the property. 
“How many animals do you have here?” she asked, astounded. 
“Around two million in different stages of growth,” he explained as he guided her inside one of the stables. 
Unlike what she had been expecting, the place was a huge fenced area, with green pastures where the animals paced peacefully. There were stalls, surrounding the fenced area, and she guessed the animals were guided there for the night. Intriguingly, the air inside the stable was colder than that outside. 
Rosalind had seen a picture of the animal, on the king’s presentation of the planet, but nothing prepared her for the size of the beasts. She was sure it was bigger than an elephant, and the horn on its forehead was huge. 
“They are amazing,” she exclaimed. 
“Yes, they are. We use one hundred percent of them, from their fur to their horn. Nothing is wasted, and we only kill them when they reach the end of their lives. It’s when their meat reaches the best quality, in terms of flavor and protein content.” 
“That’s great. How many years do they live?” she asked curiously, looking at the massive beasts pacing the pasture. 
“Around twenty rotations. These are the oldest we have. After they turn ten rotations old, we keep them separated from the youngest. It’s safer for them since they don’t see much.” 
“Why do you keep them up here in the mountains?” she asked, curious. 
“They need the cold temperatures. When they are wild, they follow the winter around the planet. The only reason we don’t keep them out in the open during colder months is that the snow ruins their wool,” he explained, solving the mystery of the cold temperature inside the stable. 
“Can we see where you keep the babies?” she asked, smiling. 
“Yes, of course.” 
They used the vehicle once more, and after a few minutes, he was guiding her inside another stable. This one was even bigger than the first one. 
The babies had no horns, and they were the cutest creatures she had seen so far on the planet. 
“Do you use artificial fertilization?” she asked, remembering a field trip she had gone on when she was in high school. 
“No, of course not. Why would we? The natural way works perfectly,” he replied, with a slight frown. 
His apparent disapproval of the idea didn’t surprise her. Erin had already mentioned that to her. “I know, but sometimes we need to give nature a little help.” 
“Yes, I guess you have a point there,” he sighed, “Things have changed a lot in the past one hundred rotations.” 
“I know what you mean. My own people changed a lot in the past century.” 
Chapter Seven

He gave her the grand tour through the premises, introducing her to his men. He had a large group of men working for him, and none of them had a wife or even a girlfriend. Like the rest of the people on the planet, they were thrilled to know they had found a possible solution to their problem. 
At first, she had felt worried as Haakon introduced her to his men. She couldn’t help fearing one of them would claim her as his soulmate. She couldn’t even bear the thought of having to leave Haakon. Fortunately, that didn’t happen, but still, she sighed with relief when they returned to the house. It was lunchtime. 
Under the sunlight, the house was a smaller version of the palace, a two stories high construction; of the same metallic material, they used everywhere. 
“Do you like it?” he asked her, as he helped her hop out of the vehicle. 
“Yes, I do, especially the huge windows that open to such a splendid view,” she assured him, smiling. 
“I’m glad to hear that.” 
Rosalind excused herself to go to her room to freshen up. Despite the cold temperatures, she felt she needed to wash away the stink of the stables. 
Haakon went to meet his father in his study. 
“I was about to call you,” the old man said, “I received news from Fritjof. It seems Asgar claimed one woman he brought on this second trip.” 
“That is all great news,” Haakon celebrated. 
“Yes, I know. He has told me as well Asgar brought a sixth human female he didn’t introduce in the councils’ room.” 
“That’s strange. Why would he do that? Is she the woman he claimed?” Haakon asked, surprised. It wasn’t like Asgar to hide information from Brynjar. 
“Apparently, the woman can’t walk, and Asgar thought she wouldn’t be welcomed by our people,” his father explained, “So far, Brynjar has taken the woman under his protection.” 
“With our healing qualities, I can understand Asgar’s worries.” 
“Yes, of course, though I like to think our people are more tolerant than that.” 
“I know, but I guess it was a valid concern.” 
“I guess so too. But, I doubt she will find a soulmate amongst our people. Our instinct always seeks for the stronger possible mate.” 
“Yes, I guess you’re right.” 
A soft gong noise alerted them the food was served, and they headed to the meals’ room. 
Rosalind was already there waiting for them, as she looked at the magnificent view of the valley from the window. 
During the meal, the old King asked her about her first impressions of the place, seeming to feel pleased with her delight and enthusiasm. 
“Do you think you could live in a place like this one?” the man asked her at some point in the conversation. 
“Yes, of course, as long as I could find something productive to do. I’m not used to being without a job,” she replied, with no doubts in her tone. 
The mountains were fantastic as all the planet she had seen so far. But she knew she needed to find something to do or she would die of boredom. 
“Any idea what that could be?” Jerrik asked, genuinely interested. 
“No, I’m afraid not. You don’t seem to need people with my skills here, so I guess I would have to look for something new,” she explained. 
“Why don’t you tell us more about what you did back on Earth?” he asked her. 
She spent the rest of the meal explaining what she did and how she did it, and the man seemed impressed. 
“I guess we have grown used to things and we haven’t changed much in the past centuries,” he told her, in a thoughtful tone. “Our fashion, as you call it, hasn’t changed in centuries, as well as the way we eat and live.” 
“We lived in constant change. There was always something new to promote, a new idea we needed to sell to the potential customers,” she explained a little further. 
“Perhaps, we’ll soon need your services, my dear. I guess it’s time we start changing a few things around here, and you might be the right person to show us how to do it,” Jerrik said with a pleased smile. 
“I would love to help in any way possible,” she assured him. 
“But for now, I want you to take your time to know my mountains and the way we live here. I’m sure you’ll be more than busy with that,” Haakon interjected as if he feared she would be taken away from him. 

The following days went by in a blur of pleasure and bliss. Haakon would take her with him every day, allowing her to learn about the daily workings on a ranch that size. Although he seemed to be always working, he would make sure he took the time to explain things to her and to take her for small walks through the nearby woods. 
He had given her one of their communication devices, she had been in constant contact with Erin, and her friend had kept her informed on the things happening there. 
She also used the device to take a million pictures of everything and everyone, but especially of Haakon. The camera loved him, and she surely enjoyed looking at his pictures. 
Despite all her activities, she made sure she had at least an hour every day to study the Zuvrakian’s language. 
The old king had been helping her with that, correcting her pronunciation and her grammar. The man was patient, and after a while, she felt he was like the father hers had never been for her.
She enjoyed those moments she spent with him, listening to all the anecdotes he had of his planet and of his children. 

The nights were special too. She spent them in Haakon’s arms, and they filled them with passion and desire. Though sometimes, she could feel the coarseness of his scales, especially down the back of his neck, he hadn’t bitten her again, at least, not like that time in the tub. 
He loved to nibble her whole body and sometimes even bite her a little harder, but he hadn’t sunk his fangs into her again. It was as if he deliberately restrained himself, not to let that happen. 
She wasn’t sure if she felt relieved or disappointed. Knowing he had lost control over himself to that point had done amazing things to her depleted self-esteem. 
They had fallen into a comfortable routine, she was enjoying very much. The feeling of being home had grown in her heart so much, she didn’t miss Earth. 
She would always miss Johana, and she kept her in her heart, but she had come to terms with what had happened, and she had moved on. 

They had been in the mountains for a couple of weeks when Haakon received a message from his brother, the king. 
The woman he had been protecting had been abducted from the palace, and he needed help to find her. 
“We need to go back to the capital,” he informed her. 
“Yes, of course,” she agreed, immediately, worried. That abduction could mean trouble for all the human women on the planet, especially when they hadn’t received any visits from other planets. 
“I’ll go with you. I think it’s time I pay Brynjar a visit,” Jerrik announced, apparently worried about the events.  
“I’m sure he’ll appreciate that very much, father,” Haakon nodded. 
“Are you sure it’s a good idea to take Rosalind with us?” the old man asked. 
“I’d rather have her near me and not miles away, where I can’t protect her properly,” he explained, “Besides, Brynjar has summoned all the women back to the palace. He’s afraid whoever did this might go after the other women, as well.” 
“I guess it makes sense,” his father agreed. 
So, they packed their things and flew back to the capital. On this trip, there was no time for sightseeing. 
They had arrived at the palace before noon and Rosalind went looking for Erin while Haakon and Jerrik met with Brynjar. 
She found her at the lab, looking at three screens at the same time. “You’ll end up blind,” Rosalind scolded her in a kind tone. 
Erin let out a small cry and jumped out of her chair to meet Rosalind at the door. Both women hugged, tightly. 
“Girl, I’ve missed you,” she said, kissing Rosalind’s cheeks. 
“I’ve missed you too,” she assured her friend. 
“How have you been, up there in the mountains?” Erin asked, guiding her to her desk. 
“I love it there. I’ve always lived in the major cities, but I really love being up there,” she recognized. 
“I guess it only verifies the saying ‘home is where your heart is’, don’t you think?” she said with a knowing smile.
“Perhaps. Tell me the news, what happened?” she asked, still not admitting the truth. She simply couldn’t. 
“Well, someone kidnapped Eleanor from the palace. The king is very upset about it, and they are looking for her all over the planet,” she explained. 
“Do they have any suspicions about who might be guilty?” 
“No, so far they do not know. Whoever it was is an expert avoiding the cameras and going unnoticed,” Erin replied, “The king has forbidden us to leave the palace alone. He is afraid this was an act against the human females, and he doesn’t want to take any risks.” 
“Yes, it’s understandable,” she let out a sigh. “How are things between you and Fritjof?” 
“Better than ever. He has admitted he is my soulmate. I threatened him with escaping if he didn’t tell me the truth and he couldn’t resist,” she told her with a naughty grin on her face. “Perhaps you should try that.” 
Rosalind chuckled. “He would probably lock me up in my room before he admitted anything he didn’t want to.” 
“Yes, I guess you’re right. My Fritjof would never do such a thing,” she giggled, clearly happy. 
“Yes, I can’t imagine him threatening you,” Rosalind replied, remembering the solemn man that had mated her cheerful friend. 
“What about the new women? Have they been mated?” Rosalind asked, curious. 
“Apparently, yes, all, except for Eleanor,” she informed. “Though, we have no idea with whom. They all have been assigned a tutor who is supposed to help them adjust to their new lives and to find a place in their society. But no official announcement has been made regarding the soulmates.” 
“She’s the one missing, right?” she asked, intrigued. “How come she’s not mated by now?” 
“Because she can’t walk. Her abduction was collateral damage, and she wasn’t supposed to have been sold to the Zuvrakians, but her friend Sasha managed to alert Asgar of her presence on the ship, and he bought her, though Eskol was furious.” 
“And why does it matter she can’t walk?” 
“The Drogons don’t have crippled people amongst them. They are self-healing creatures, and they can even grow the parts severed from their bodies,” Erin explained, “Eleanor’s condition is new for them, and the king is not sure how his people would react to it.” 
“That doesn’t say much of the Drogons,” she replied, frowning.
“Yes, I know what you mean, but I guess it’s because it’s something new.” 
“This whole situation is new for them. According to their own words, they thought the whole soulmates thing was nothing but a legend,” she insisted, pacing the room. 
It sounded so much like intolerance and it distressed her. 
“I know, and they have been investigating the whole subject as thoroughly as possible, but you know how it is.” 
“Yes, people always have trouble accepting changes and new things,” she nodded. 

Haakon looked at his brother as they walked to the meals’ room, a bit concerned. Turned out the woman missing was his brother’s soulmate, a fact he had kept a secret so far, due to the woman’s condition, but that had now become unimportant. If they weren’t able to find her, his brother would never mate another female. He would be condemned to be alone, and that only meant Haakon would have to take his place as king, something he had no desire at all, to do. He wasn’t cut out to be a king. 
They met the women in the room, and Brynjar introduced him and his father to the new group. He had to admit he had been surprised with the human’s race variety. All the women were completely different. 
Still worried, he took a seat next to Rosalind, taking her hand under the table and squeezing it slightly. She tilted her head to look at him, smiling. But her smile faded into a frown when she took a good look at him. Haakon was troubled. Something was worrying him. 
“Did you have time to chat with Erin?” he asked her, with a faint smile. 
“Yes, I have to admit I missed her cheerful presence,” she said with a scowl, trying not to ask him what was wrong. 
The rest of the women expressed their concern for Eleanor’s disappearance, and they even suggested a few possibilities Brynjar and Asgar decided to check immediately. 
When they finished eating, Haakon took Rosalind back to the room she had used when she had arrived at the palace, closing the door behind them.
“Do you think they will find her in time?” she asked him, worried. 
She didn’t know the woman, but she seemed to be a good person, and she hoped they could rescue her. 
“They have to.” 
There was so much fervor in his tone; Rosalind looked at him intrigued. 
“Let’s hope so.” 
“Will you be all right here, by yourself? I would like to join my brother and Asgar on the searches,” he asked her. 
“Yes, of course,” she nodded, and a nasty doubt filled her mind. 
Haakon had shown worry when he heard the news of the kidnap, but ever since he had talked to his brother, before lunch, he looked distraught, as if he had learned something that had changed things for him. 
“Perfect. Please, remain inside the palace. I really don’t want you outside alone. And that’s an order,” he said, and she frowned, annoyed. 
Chapter Eight

“You didn’t have to say that. There was no need for you to activate the damn collar,” she grumbled, walking away from him. 
“I’m sorry, but I can’t stay with you all the time, and I have to be sure you will be safe,” he apologized but didn’t change the order. 
His words only increased her doubts. “Did you meet this Eleanor before we left to the mountains?” she asked, hating the slight tremble in her voice. 
“No, I didn’t. I didn’t meet any of the new women,” he replied, sighing. 
“I see.” 
He walked up to where she was standing and cradled her face. “Please, don’t take unnecessary risks. I won’t be long,” he asked again, brushing her lips with his. 
She nodded and watched him leave. 
Could it be possible he had learned the missing woman was his soulmate? Could that be the reason he was so worried? 
Her heart skipped a beat at the mere thought of that possibility. She had no idea how the mating happened, they hadn’t given the women many details on that, so they were in the dark. 
Unable to stay alone with her thoughts, she decided to go find Erin again. She needed someone to talk to, or she would become insane. Besides, her friend might know something more about the mating process, since Fritjof had already admitted to being her soulmate. 
She found her friend back in the lab, still revising charts and results. 
“Hi, do you mind if I join you? I really don’t want to be alone at this moment,” she said as she entered the room. 
“Sure, you’re always welcome, you know,” her friend replied. “What’s going on?” 
“Haakon went to help his brother and forbade me from going outside,” she replied, with a scowl. 
Erin sighed. “That was the king’s first order when he had all the women gathered here at the palace. They kidnapped Eleanor from the garden.” 
“It makes sense, I know. I hate feeling I’m a prisoner again,” she replied, pacing the room.
“But that’s not what’s bothering you.” It wasn’t a question. The woman was more perceptive than she looked. 
“No… Would you tell me what you know about the mating? How does it happen? Did Fritjof explain it to you?” she asked, crossing her arms over her chest, not sure, she wanted to hear the answer but needing it desperately. 
“Yes, he did. According to what he told me, he knew the moment he looked at me. He said it felt like a kick in the stomach and all of his senses came alive. His instinct told him I was his soulmate with so much certainty; he wouldn’t have been able to deny it,” she explained, “I felt something similar. My entire life I had been looking for the man that would complete me that would give my life sense and meaning, and when I saw him for the first time, I knew he was the one,” she added. 
“How could you be so sure?” Rosalind asked, struggling to understand. She had known so little love in her life she had trouble believing in its power. 
“I just was. I know it sounds silly, but I had never been so sure of something in my life. And the best part is that he felt the same.” 
“So, they really have little choice on this mating thing,” Rosalind concluded. “They don’t get to choose their mate. This instinct does it for them.” 
“Yes, I guess you could say that,” she nodded, tucking a golden lock behind her ear. “But you’re missing the whole point. A man’s soulmate is exactly that: his other half, the part of himself he has been missing all his life.” 
“Does this happen to all of them?”
“Yes, it does. The only novelty here is that they thought they could only find their mates amongst their own species. Being able to mate others was like a miracle for the Drogons, considering the scarcity of women they have been facing recently,” Erin replied. 
“You have been working hard,” Rosalind teased her, trying to lighten up the moment. 
“Yes, I have been studying them and their problem looking for answers,” she admitted, smiling. “This is the biggest challenge I have ever faced in my career.” 
“Let me know if I can help you,” Rosalind offered. 
“Of course, but, please, don’t change the subject. You’re worried about something else,” she said, taking Rosalind by her arm and forcing her to take a seat. “Talk to me.” 
“Haakon changed since we got here. He’s worried about this woman’s disappearance as if it affected him personally,” she confessed. 
“And you think she might be his soulmate, is that it?” her friend concluded. 
“Yes, it is. It makes sense, don’t you think?” 
“After all these weeks up in the mountains with him, you still don’t believe you're his soul mate?” she scolded her. 
“I have no reason to believe that.” She let out a small cry. 
“You’re in love with the man,” her friend shouted. 
“That doesn’t mean he loves me,” a tear rolled down her cheek, and she wiped it, furious. 
“It doesn’t mean he doesn’t, either.” 
“He would have told me by now like Fritjof did with you.” 
“Not necessarily. It took a lot of insistence on my part to make him confess. Have you ever asked him directly?” 
“No, I haven’t. Not directly.” 
“Why not?” she asked, frowning. 
“Because I’m afraid of the answer,” she admitted, rubbing her eyes, trying to contain the tears welled up in her eyes. 
“I’m starting to think you’re a masochist,” Erin scolded her. 
Rosalind chuckled, sadly. “I don’t dare to push him away from me. When I’m in his arms, I’m the happiest woman on the planet, and I don’t want to lose that.” 
Erin hugged her tight. “Baby, you need to have faith in your love. It might surprise you,” she advised her. “Besides, I have the feeling sweet Eleanor is the king’s soulmate,” she added, with a wily tone. 
Rosalind looked at her surprised. “What makes you think that?” 
“It’s a feeling, you know? You should see them together, the way he protects her and pays attention to her every move. It’s as if she was the center of his universe,” she tried to explain. “It’s the same feeling I get when I see you with Haakon. But you’re too stubborn to accept my judgment.” 
“Believe me; I would love to accept it,” she assured her. 
Erin sighed. “Let’s go find the other girls. We need some distraction, and I’m sure Sasha must be about to climb the walls. Eleanor is like a sister to her.” 
Rosalind nodded, and they left the room. 

Dinner was served, and the only man that joined them was Jerrik. The older man tried to satisfy the women’s curiosity about what was going on, but he didn’t know much himself. 
“After they had scanned Sasha’s collar and ring, they disappeared, and I haven’t heard from them since,” he explained. 
Rosalind returned to her room after the meal was over, but she was too restless to go to bed. She paced the living room of her suite praying Haakon would return soon and trying not to think he might be in danger. 
After a couple of hours, she took a shower, hoping the water would relax her tensed muscles. She took off her clothes and entered the stall, under the warm stream, closing her eyes and allowing the water to work its magic on her. 
She had been there for a few minutes when she sensed she wasn’t alone. Slowly, she turned around to find Haakon standing outside the stall, taking off his clothes. 
The smile on his face told her he had good news. “Did you find her?” she asked, looking for confirmation.
He joined her under the water. “Yes, we found her. A bit hurt, but she will be alright,” he confirmed, wrapping his arms around her waist, and pulling her closer to him, claiming a passionate kiss from her eager lips. 
Rosalind threw her arms around his neck and gave him full access to her mouth, loving the way his rough tongue delved every inch of it, claiming it as his own. 
“Did you miss me?” he murmured, his lips still glued to hers. 
“Didn’t even notice you were gone,” she lied blatantly, with a teasing smile on her face. 
He chuckled and picked her up in his arms, pushing her back against the stall’s wall. “I’ll make sure you miss me a little next time,” he promised, thrusting his hard cock deep inside, her desire matching his completely.
She let out a moan, tilting her head back as jolts of pleasure rushed through her body. 
“Hmmm, I’m sure I’ll love that,” she murmured, arching her body towards his. 
He smiled and grasped her hips hard, pushing her up and down on his hard shaft. 
Rosalind sobbed as she felt each one of his ridges rubbing her walls; increasing the pleasure, he was making her feel. Each thrust sent a wave of bliss through her body, taking her closer and closer to the edge. 
“Are you ready for me?” he asked her in a huskier tone, increasing his pace, going faster and deeper inside her. 
“Yes… yes… always…” she cried out, feeling the orgasm building inside her about to explode. 
Haakon’s eyes became brighter than ever, and his claws grew and sunk on her hips, adding a bit of erotic pain into the mixture of emotions she was experiencing. 
That was enough to send her over the edge, and her convulsing body dragged him with her, making him lose control. 
Haakon’s fangs came out and the scales on his nape.  At the height of pleasure, all of his control disappeared and pulling her higher in his arms, he sank his fangs into her left breast and drank her blood. 
Once more, pain and pleasure blended into an intoxicating cocktail and Rosalind cried out before her body surrendered to the passion and she lost consciousness. 

When her body went limp in his arms, Haakon came out of the haze of pleasure he had been lost in, and he realized what he had just done. He had taken her blood once more. 
Cursing, he licked the tiny holes on her skin and allowed the water to heal her, watching as the marks disappeared. 
He needed to talk to someone about what had just happened. His Drogon was taking control of his actions in the midst of passion, and he wasn’t sure what that could mean for Rosalind. Though the blood exchange was something normal and desired between Drogon couples, she wasn’t a Drogon, and he wasn’t sure how this could affect her. After all, he had already taken her blood twice. 
He scolded himself for not paying more attention to the soulmates’ legends, especially when he had found his own. He knew there was a part that mentioned a conversion, but if he wasn’t mistaken, that conversion entailed lots of danger to the woman in question. 
The last thing he wanted was to lose Rosalind. She had become a vital part of his life, and he wasn’t sure he could live without her. 
Carefully, he closed the faucets and carried her to her bedroom, laying her gently on the bed. He put on his clothes and then went looking for his father. 
Jerrik was in Brynjar’s office, reading some reports on the screens displayed in front of him. 
“What are you doing here? I thought you were spending the night with your válkana.” 
Haakon threw himself into the chair in front of his brother’s desk and rubbed his face. “I was, but something happened, and I need information, urgently,” he explained. 
“Can I help you?” his father asked, with a slight frown. 
“I’m not sure. How much do you know about the soulmates’ legends?” he asked his father. 
“Not much, I’m afraid, but I was just reading a report Colborn prepared for your brother, so he’s your man,” he replied. 
Haakon jumped out of his chair, and he was out the door before his father could utter another word. On his way out of the palace, he pulled his communication device and called his friend. “Colborn, Haakon here. I need to talk to you, is that possible?” 
“Sure, I’m home now, but I could meet you at the palace in a few minutes,” the other man answered. 
“No, don’t bother; I’ll be there as soon as possible.” 
“As you wish.” 
Haakon displayed his wings and flew off the minute he walked out the main door. It only took him a few moments to get to the doctor’s house. 
“Did you fly here?” Colborn asked him in a scolding tone, as he invited him in.
“Yes, I did, why do you ask?” 
“Brynjar asked the people not to fly around until we reveal that part of ourselves to the human females,” he explained. 
“I wasn’t informed of that,” he replied with a frown. “Besides, I was in a hurry.” 
Colborn invited him to take a seat, but he ignored him. 
“What’s going on?” 
“Father told me you have been investigating about the soulmates’ legends,” he started explaining. 
“Yes, I have. I gave him a full report a few days ago.” 
“I don’t have time to read it right now. I need to know what it says about the conversions.” 
The other man let out a sigh. “I wasn’t able to find out much about that. Apparently, that was only made once, and it almost killed the female in the process. It’s an excruciating process for her.” 
“How do you do it?” Haakon asked, more and more concerned about the whole thing. 
“I really don’t advise you to even try it, not if you care about your válkana,” the doctor warned him. 
“I don’t want to. But I need to know what the damn ritual involves,” he snarled, losing his patience. 
“What have you done?” Colborn asked instead of answering his question. 
“My Drogon has taken control twice now.” 
“You’re mating her?” the disapproval in his tone was evident. 
Haakon crossed his arms over his chest, annoyed. “Have you met your soulmate, Colborn?” 
“Yes, I have,” he admitted. 
“And how’s it going keeping your claws away from her?” he asked sarcastically. 
The other man sighed, lowering his head. “Not well… I know. It’s difficult. But we know so little about them, it could be dangerous,” he defended his position. 
“I’m aware of that,” he let out a sigh. “I’ve taken her blood twice,” he confessed. 
“With your fangs?” the doctor asked, startled. 
“Yes, with my fangs. I told you I lost control to my Drogon.” 
“Were you in your full Drogon form?” 
“No, only my fangs and claws came out,” he explained. 
“That’s a good thing, but it can’t happen again,” he warned him. “If you take her blood once more, you must give her yours, and that will start the conversion process. Once started, you can’t stop. It would definitely kill her.” 
“And how am I supposed to control that?” he grumbled. “I was only aware of what I was doing after it was done.”
“Why don’t you try and keep your hands off of her while we try to find more information?” Colborn suggested, sarcastically. 
“And why don’t you ask me to get you the moon? It would be easier,” he replied, rubbing his eyes. 
“Just try to stay in control. I’m sure it’s not easy, but you could put her life in danger if you slip once more.” 
Haakon punched the wall next to him, frustrated. “Damn, there has to be someone that knows more about this.” 
“I was told by an old woman that lives outside Hamarr, in the woods. She’s supposed to be a descendant of the soulmates the legends talk about,” Colborn informed. 
“Why haven’t you gone to talk to her?” 
“I haven’t had the time. I found out about her a few hours ago,” he explained. 
“Let’s go,” Haakon ordered. 
“What? It’s dark outside, and you’re talking about a long trip, to the other side of the planet,” the doctor protested. 
“I don’t care.” 
“I understand your urgency, but there’s no guarantee this woman knows what we want to know. If you’ve only taken her blood twice, then I’m sure you still have self-control over your emotions.” 
“Yes, I thought I had. Now, I’m not sure,” he admitted. 
“Allow me some time to find out where we can find this woman and if she knows something of use.” 
“Do I have a choice?” he asked, sardonic. 
“No, not really,” his friend smiled, “Be patient, I’m doing all I can, and I have several people working for me. We’ll find an answer. Meanwhile, just be careful.” 
“Yes, easier said than done, believe me.” 
“I’m sure of that,” he nodded. 
“Let me know the minute you have news.” 
“I will, I assure you.” 
Haakon left his friend and flew back to the palace. 

Rosalind woke up feeling dizzy. She was alone in bed, and for a moment, she thought she had dreamed the whole episode in the shower stall, but her hair was still wet, and she didn’t recall ever leaving the bathroom.  
But, if he had been there with her, where the hell was he now? And why was she feeling so dizzy? Her hand went automatically to her left breast and rubbed the area where he had bitten her the first time. 
Startled, she realized the skin was sore and swollen. She had given little thought to his bloodthirst, especially when it hadn’t happened again, at least, not until then. 
But apparently, it affected more than she thought possible. 
She hopped out of bed, but the dizziness became worse, so she took a seat, trying to stabilize herself. 
Haakon chose that moment to return to her room, landing on the terrace outside her window, in his full Drogon form. 
Though he looked scary and wild, she had to admit he exerted a powerful effect on her with his wings, scales, and claws displayed. 
“I thought you were still sleeping,” he said, changing back before he entered her room. 
“I just woke up,” she replied, with a faint smile. 
“Are you feeling all right?” he asked, with a slight frown. 
“Yes, just a bit dizzy,” she calmed him. “What happened?” she asked, raising her head to look at him, just to, immediately, lower it, when the dizziness became worse. 
“I bit you again,” he confessed, kneeling in front of her worried. 
“Is that why I’m feeling this dizzy?” she asked, curious. 
“I believe so,” he got up and disappeared into the dressing room, returning with a tunic and a cape. “Put this on,” he asked her.
“Why? Where are we going?” she asked, puzzled. 
“To see a friend,” he replied, helping her to put the clothes on.
She was still too dizzy to do it on her own. 
“Do we have to? I’m not feeling well,” she protested as he wrapped her in the cape. 
“Yes, we have to. He’s a doctor, and I need him to take a look at you,” he explained, turning back to his Drogon form before he picked up her in his arms and flew out of the window. 
“I’m sure this isn’t necessary,” she managed to mumble as he took her across the night sky. 
“I think otherwise.” 
It was a quick trip, and soon he was taking her inside Colborn’s house. 
“What happened?” he asked, surprised. 
“She’s not feeling well,” Haakon explained, in a serious tone. “I need you to check on her.” 
“Take her to my office, down the hall. I have my scanners there.” 
Haakon carried her there and gently laid her down on an examination table. 
“Hi, Rosalind, I’m Colborn. I’m not sure you remember me, but I was the doctor on Asgar’s vessel when you were brought here.” 
“Hi, Colborn. Yes, I remember you,” she replied, trying to smile.
“How are you feeling?” 
“Dizzy and weak,” she confessed. 
Haakon was standing next to them, with a stern expression on his face. It was clear he was troubled with what had happened. 
Colborn started to scan her body immediately, going through all her vital signs and comparing them with the ones, he had from Eleanor, the human he had studied the most, so far. 
“Her blood levels have diminished,” he said after a few moments. “Rosalind, do you have any idea how much blood you normally have in your body?” he asked her, concerned. 
“Yes, it’s around five liters.” 
“Can you show me how much that could be? I’m not familiarized with that measure.” 
She looked around and spotted a vase on a cabinet on the other side of the room. “Give me that,” she asked, and when he handed her the vase, she examined it. “This can contain approximately half a liter,” she explained. 
“How much can you lose before it’s dangerous?” he asked her. 
“Four of these and I might die. One of these and it’s considered a mild hemorrhage.” 
“Dizziness and cold sweat, along with other things I don’t remember. You would have to ask Erin, she’s the doctor,” she replied, arching an eyebrow. “What’s going on?” 
He let out a sigh. “He took too much blood. Almost one of these and that’s why you’re not feeling well,” the doctor explained. 
“Damn,” he spurted. 
Chapter Nine

“It’s alright, Haakon. It won’t kill me,” she told him, trying to appease his worry. 
“Is there anything we could do?” he asked Colborn, not allowing her to make him feel better.
“We could give her some blood, but we would have to ask the other women,” the doctor suggested. 
“It’s not that easy. Humans have four groups of blood, and each of them subdivides into two more. If you give a person the wrong blood, you can kill her,” she explained. “But that’s not necessary; I’ll reproduce the missing blood.” 
“Are you sure?” Haakon asked, taking her left hand in his.
“Yes, of course, I’m sure.” 
“The other alternative would be for you to give her your own blood,” Colborn suggested. “It’s healing qualities would speed her own healing process.” 
“No, that’s too dangerous,” he rejected the idea, roundly. 
“Not at this stage.” 
“I’m not taking any risks with her,” he insisted. His face was a perfect stone mask, showing no feelings at all.  
Rosalind wasn’t sure how she felt about his refusal to help her, but she decided not to think about that. “I told you, I can’t have other blood than my type,” she reminded Colborn. 
“I’m not talking about a blood transfer. You would ingest it,” he explained. 
“Oh, I doubt that would make any difference,” she replied, feeling an iron fist closing around her heart, having trouble understanding Haakon’s refusal. “Besides, that sounds disgusting. I’ll be all right in two hours, I assure you,” she added, feeling a current need to hide her pain. 
“Perhaps, you should stay here for tonight, so I can monitor your condition, just in case,” he suggested, not convinced her assertions were correct, as he helped her sit up on the examination table. 
The dizziness was still there, but it wasn’t as strong as before. The last thing Rosalind wanted was to stay at a stranger’s house, but she needed time alone, and she was sure Haakon would not give it to her. 
“If that makes you feel better,” she agreed, avoiding to look at Haakon’s face. 
“Do you agree, Haakon?” Colborn asked the other man. 
“Yes, of course. Please let me know if anything happens,” he replied, nodding. 
“You would be the first person I’d call,” Colborn assured her. “I’ll leave you two alone,” he added, leaving the room. 
“He will take care of you,” Haakon said when the door swished shut behind the doctor. 
“Yes, I’m sure.” 
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to hurt you,” he said, standing in front of her. 
“I know.” She nodded, still not looking at him, too concentrated in examining her fingernails. 
“Perhaps, you should stay at the palace for a while,” he suggested. 
That was enough to make her look up, startled. “What do you mean?” 
“I don’t want this to happen again. It could be too dangerous for you. I’ll go back home tomorrow morning, but I really think you should stay at the palace, at least, for a while.”
The little color she still had in her face, disappeared completely. He was ditching her. 
Her hands turned into tight fists, and she took a deep breath, struggling to control herself and not allow him to see just how much he was hurting her.
“Of course, if that’s what you want. I’ll be more than happy to stay here in town. I’m a city girl, after all,” she managed to utter, each word scratching her throat. 
His face became harsher. “Very well. I’ll see you soon.” 
“Yes, I’m sure.” 
He left the room, and she covered her mouth to muffle the sobs that shook her body. 
She had been right all the time. He was not meant for her. 
No pain she had experienced before was even close to the pain crashing through her heart and her soul. She was shaking so hard her body slid off the table to the floor, and she did nothing to prevent it. All she wanted was to cry herself into oblivion. 

Haakon bumped into Colborn on his way out of the house. “Hey, what’s the rush?” 
“Please, make sure she returns safely to the palace. I’m going home tonight.” 
“What are you doing? You can’t leave her.” The other man protested. 
“It’s for the best. At least, until we prevent this from happening again. I wouldn’t survive if I caused her death,” he explained, in a stern tone. 
“We’ll find a way to prevent that. But leaving her is not the answer,” Colborn tried to convince him. 
“It’s for the best. I can’t risk hurting her again,” he said, walking around his friend on his way out. 
“Don’t you think leaving like this will hurt her more?” he asked, astounded, grabbing him by the arm. 
“She’s a strong woman, she’ll be all right,” he assured him, releasing his arm from the other man’s grip. 
“You’re making a mistake,” Colborn warned him. 
“Staying would be a bigger mistake,” he replied, displaying his wings and flying away, headed to the mountains. 
Colborn watched him disappear in the dark night before he returned inside, not sure what to do with the woman in the other room. He wasn’t used to dealing with females, and something told him this one would need comfort. 
Cursing Haakon’s stubbornness, he returned to his office, just to find her on the floor, sobbing her heart out. 
He approached her and picking her up in his arms, he carried her to one of his guest rooms, laying her on the bed. 
She barely noticed he had moved her, so lost in her own grieve as she was. He let out a sigh, before looking for his scanner. He needed to monitor her the whole night, to make sure she was recovering her normal blood levels. 
She was still crying when he returned, and he wished his válkana were there with him. She would know what to do with her. 
After he had installed the scanner, he took a seat next to her. “Rosalind, this won’t do you any good,” he murmured. 
She ignored him, burying her face in the pillow. 
Unsure of what to do, he decided to call Erin. He knew she had arrived at Zuvrak with Rosalind and she might know what to do. 
He left the room and went to the living room to call her. He couldn’t give her many details on what had happened, but he didn’t have to. The minute he told her Rosalind was in trouble, she announced she was on her way with Fritjof. 
Colborn ended the call with a deep sigh. It would be a long night. 
The couple arrived only a few minutes later. “Where is she?” Erin asked as soon as she saw him. 
“Third door to the left,” he informed, showing her the hallway. 
She didn’t ask anything else.

After a few minutes, the tears stopped. She was drained. She felt so weak, she wasn’t able to move a muscle, so she closed her eyes and stayed there, finally numb. 
Behind her, the door swished open, but she didn’t move. 
“Rosalind, what’s the matter, baby?” Erin’s voice surprised her, but not enough to make her move. “What happened? Are you alright?” she caressed her arm, in a comforting gesture. 
“He left me,” she finally muttered. 
“What? What are you talking about?” 
“He went back home, saying it was better if I stayed here,” she explained, in a monotone. 
“But… why… I mean… it doesn’t make any sense,” she mumbled. 
Rosalind laid on her back and faced her friend with her eyes still swollen and her nose still red. 
“Of course, it makes sense. He’s not my soulmate, that’s all,” she was beyond the tears now.
“I can’t believe that. What happened that changed everything between you two?” she was astonished. 
“Nothing important, not really, but it doesn’t change the facts, Erin. I knew this was going to happen, I simply chose to fool myself into believing fairy tales did exist.” 
“Baby… I’m sure this whole thing is nothing more than a misunderstanding,” she tried to convince her. 
“No, it isn’t. Please, don’t worry about me I’ll survive. I always do,” there was so much bitterness in Rosalind’s tone.
 Erin frowned. 
“I’m sorry Colborn called you. I guess he freaked out when he saw me crying,” she said with a self-deprecating scowl. 
“I’m glad he called me. You know I’m here for you.” 
Rosalind squeezed her hand and smiled, thanking her for saying that. 
“Can you come back to the palace with us?” Erin asked, noticing, for the first time, the medical scanner installed in her bed. “What’s wrong with you?” 
“I wasn’t feeling well, so he brought me here. Colborn wants me to stay the night so he can monitor me,” she explained, without going into more detail. 
“Are you sure? I could look after you,” she suggested. 
“Thank you, sweetie, but I don’t want to bother you any longer.” 
“You don’t bother me, silly.” 
“I’ll be all right, and I’ll be back to the palace in the morning,” she assured her, feeling suddenly too tired. 
“All right, I’ll see you then. Get rest.” 
“Thank you for coming. It means a lot.” 
“Hey, that’s what friends are for,” she said, and with a warm smile, she left the room. 
Rosalind closed her eyes and finally surrendered into the arms of Morpheus. 

Erin joined the men in the living room. “What the hell happened here?” she asked Colborn. They had become good friends, as they worked together trying to find an answer to the Drogons’ problem. 
“I have no idea, I left them alone for a few minutes and the next thing I know, he is flying away, back home, claiming it was the best way,” Colborn explained, avoiding giving many details on the subject. 
“This whole story stinks, but I’m not going to insist tonight. It’s late, and we all had a terrible day,” she said, with a deep frown. “Rosalind fell asleep from sheer exhaustion, so I’ll see you in the morning.” 
They said goodbye and left. 
Colborn went to his guest’s room to check on her vitals before he called it a night. 

The following morning, Colborn was pleased to see her blood levels had increased slightly, so he allowed her to go back to the palace. “Even so, I’ll come to check on you every day. Haakon would kill me if anything happened to you,” he said as he drove her back. 
“Of course not,” she dismissed his words. 
Colborn opened his mouth to add something but reconsidered at the last minute. It wasn’t his place to add anything else. 
Back at the palace, Rosalind went straight to her room, while Colborn went looking for the king. 
Erin was waiting for her, sitting in one of the puffs in her living room.
“How are you feeling this morning?” she asked her. 
“Much better, thank you,” she replied, throwing herself on the puff next to her. 
“What are you going to do? Will you let him walk away from your life, just like that?” she asked, crossing her arms over her chest. 
“I don’t think I have a say in that, Erin,” she replied, getting up and walking towards the window, avoiding her friend’s scrutinizing eyes. 
“I have a theory, you know?” she said, getting up as well and closing the distance between them, standing next to her. “You know men aren’t very creative and that seems to be a universal rule. When we got here, we were told we would be mated with our soulmates, and according to what I could pull out from Fritjof, the men recognize their mate the minute they see them, right?”
“Yes,, but what does that have to do with Haakon and me?” 
“Bear with me,” she asked. “If they have mated every woman, why assign them, male tutors? Wouldn’t it be easier to assign them to their own mates?” 
“I asked that same question to Haakon, and he said they had no idea when the mating would take place and that meanwhile, we needed someone to show us around.” 
“Does that make sense to you?” she asked her, arching an eyebrow in disbelief. 
“No, not much,” she admitted. 
“Then you’ll agree with me on this. The so-called tutors are the women’s soulmates. It’s the only explanation that makes real sense, and I’ve confirmed it in my case. Fritjof is my soulmate, and he has been next to me since the first moment.” 
“I know what you’re saying makes sense, but if that’s true, why did he leave me? If he’s my soulmate, why did he kick me out of his life?” she asked, determined to crush any stubborn hope from settling in her heart. 
“That’s what I need you to help me understand. What happened yesterday that triggered all this?” she asked, in a serious tone. 
Rosalind sighed, rubbing her eyes, not sure how to explain things to her friend. “How much do you know about the Drogons?” she started by asking. 
“I know they can fly, they are self-healing, and they live a lot longer than us and not much more,” she replied. 
“Their mating rituals include drinking blood,” she explained. 
“What do you mean? Fritjof never has… I mean…” she blushed, and Rosalind chuckled. 
“I guess he has been holding back that part, trying not to scare you off,” she said, sighing. “He only did it twice and yesterday was one. Apparently, he took too much blood, and that’s why I started feeling ill,” she explained. 
“How much did he take?” Erin asked, furious. 
“Not even half a liter.” 
“Enough to make you feel ill.” 
“I know, and when he realized that, he changed, and left me here, alleging it was the best for me,” she said, with a scornful tone. “He decided it wasn’t worth the risk. The king wouldn’t be euphoric if he killed me by accident.” 
“I’m sure there’s more to this story than we know,” Erin insisted. “Was this blood drinking something he did on purpose?” 
“No, not according to what he told me the first time. He said he had lost control,” she explained. 
“Rosalind, darling, that’s it. He’s protecting you from himself. He’s afraid he might lose control and really hurt you next time,” Erin concluded. 
“It doesn’t make sense. If we were soulmates as they say, why would they have a ritual that’s potentially harmful to their partner?” 
“They are self-healing, remember? I’m sure they wouldn’t have any problems with blood loss.” 
“Then, we’re not as perfect matches as they thought we were.” 
“I insist, we’re missing something important here,” she said, frowning. “But you have to admit my theory makes sense. He only went away to protect you.” 
“Let’s say you’re right. Then, what? He’s my soulmate, but I still get to lose him because he’s afraid he’ll kill me?” Rosalind stated, too distressed to think straight. 
“Go after him, make him face the truth and find a solution together as the couple you are, as the two halves of a soul should do,” Erin suggested. 
“What if we’re wrong?” there was so much doubt, so much pain in her tone, Erin leaned forward and hugged her hard. 
“Then you’ll know for sure, and you’ll be able to move forward.” 
Rosalind nodded as she rested her forehead on the cold glass of the window. “I know you’re right. I’m just too scared,” she confessed. 
“I know you have been through a lot, Rosalind, and that has made you hide away from the pain, but this time you have to take the bull by the horns,” her friend warned her. 
“You’re right. I’ll go after him,” she decided, determined to get to the bottom of that situation. 
“That’s the spirit. As soon as you’re recovered, I’ll ask Fritjof to get you a vehicle able to take you there.” 
She shook her head, with determination written all over her face. “No, I’m not waiting another second. I can’t live like this any longer.” 
“You’ve lost a considerable amount of blood… I don’t think that’s prudent.” 
“Their vehicles are the easiest things to drive I’ve ever seen. Haakon taught me, while we were up in the mountains,” she explained. 
“You’re not thinking about going by yourself?” Erin protested. 
“Of course, I am. I need to do this by myself,” she assured her. “Will you help me, or do I have to go ask someone else for help?” 
She snorted. “At least, let me go with you.” 
“No, I’ll go alone.” 
“You’re as stubborn as a mule, did you know that?” Erin said, crossing her arms over her chest. 
“Yes, and I have never denied it,” she replied with a faint smile on her face. 
Erin sighed. “Let’s go find Fritjof. He’ll be able to help us.” 
They left Rosalind’s room and headed to the lab's area. “By the way, what happened yesterday? Did they catch Eskol?” Rosalind asked, remembering the reason they were at the palace. 
“Yes, but I don’t know the details. Asgar went straight home with Sasha, his alleged pupil, Haakon disappeared into your room, and the King hasn’t been seen since he returned with Eleanor,” she informed. “Three facts that only confirm my theory,” she pointed out. 
“Let’s hope you’re right.” 
They reached the labs, and Erin asked Rosalind to wait outside. “This way, I’ll have better chances of convincing him to help us.” 
Rosalind chuckled and allowed her to go alone. 
It only took her a few minutes to convince him. They came out of the room, and soon they were at some sort of garage where there were several vehicles parked. 
“Are you sure you can drive one of these things?” Fritjof asked, still not wholly convinced he was doing the right thing. 
“Yes, Haakon himself taught me. I need you to enter the coordinates of his place in the mountains, and I’ll do the rest,” she assured him. “Just don’t tell him I’m on my way there. He might decide to escape,” she added, scowling. 
He let out a sigh and nodded, heading to the nearest vehicle and opening it. He punched a few buttons on the main panel and allowed her to get inside. 
“No matter how many wrong turns you do, it will always get to the original course,” he explained. 
“Thank you, I really appreciate all of your help,” she turned to look at Erin, “Especially you.” 
Erin hugged her tight. “Just call me as soon as you get there, you know… before things get too interesting and you forget the whole world.” 
She chuckled and nodded. “I will, I promise.” 
“Have a safe trip.” 
She was about to enter the vehicle when she remembered the order Haakon had given her collar. She quickly explained it to Fritjof, and he quickly erased the order. After all, there was no more danger for the women.
Finally, she hopped inside the vehicle and seconds later, she was on her way. 
The vehicle ate the miles at a considerable speed, and though Rosalind wanted to get there as soon as possible, she was so nervous she thought she was going to throw up any moment. 
When she was halfway there, she made a stop. She needed fresh air and time to try to control her nerves, or she wouldn’t be able to face him. 
Haakon could be quite imposing when he closed himself off. 
She paced the small area where she had parked the vehicle, for a few minutes, gathering all her strength and practicing what she intended to tell him and the way she was going to do it. 
When she considered she was feeling more in control, she returned to the vehicle and headed to the mountains. 
She parked the vehicle in front of the main door and called Erin. 
“What the hell took you so long? You were supposed to call me as soon as you arrived,” she scolded her, apparently worried. 
“I’ve just arrived. I had to make a small stop on the way here to calm my nerves, that’s all,” she explained. 
“Next time, you’ll notify me about such changes,” she ordered, sounding relieved. 
“Yes, I will,” she promised. “I didn’t mean to worry you.” 
She let out a sigh. “I know, sweetheart. Now, go find your dragon and make sure you tame him.” 
She chuckled, “Yes, ma’am.” 
“And call me in the morning, when things are calmer,” she asked. 
“I will, I promise.” 
“Good luck, sweetheart. I’ll be crossing all my fingers for you.” 
“Thank you.” 
Rosalind ended the call and hopped out of the car. She had no idea where she would find Haakon, so she headed to the house. One of the employees was bound to know where he might be.  
The first one she found told him he had gone to a small cabin higher on the mountains. 
“How do I get there?” she asked him, in a demanding tone. 
“I don’t think it’s a good idea for you to go there on your own, Víf Rosalind. The road can be dangerous.” The man tried to make her change her mind. 
“You just tell me how to get there. That’s all I’m asking you.” 
The man was unsure of what to do, but her determination was clear. 
“You should take one of the smaller vehicles. They’re easier to drive up the mountains.” 
“All right. Just put in the coordinates, and I’ll be out of here immediately.” 
“Now? You’re planning on going now? Soon it will be dark, you can’t go now,” the man protested, nervous. 
“How long will it take me to get there?” she asked him. 
“Two hours, minimum,” he warned her. 
It was way past noon so she might get there with the fall of the night, but she was determined to see him as soon as possible. She knew if she gave, it much thought she would step back and return to the palace. 
“I can make it. Just do it.” 
The man obeyed, and soon Rosalind was on her way. The smaller vehicle was a lot easier to drive, and she managed to get to the little cabin just when the sun was hiding in the horizon. 
The trip hadn’t been as hard as she had expected, but it wasn’t a jolly ride either. The road could barely be called road and the dark woods and deep ravines surrounding it didn’t do a thing to calm her nerves. 
The place was silent, and once more, she missed the chirping of the birds. There was no sign of Haakon outside, so she entered the cabin, to look for him.
The dwelling was tiny, composed of one main room that served as bedroom and kitchen and a small bathroom. 
But he wasn’t there either. This time she would have to wait for him. She had no idea where he could be, and she didn’t know her surroundings. 
So, she went to bed and threw herself on the bed, feeling suddenly too tired. 
Perhaps, she should have waited more, instead of coming all the way up to this godforsaken place. But she was there now, and she planned on staying there until she got the truth from Haakon, one way or the other. 

Haakon had been wandering through the woods for a long time when the cold breeze brought him her scent. 
For a moment, he thought he missed her so much he had started to imagine things. There was no way she could be there, on his mountain. She would never go after him. 
But another whiff of breeze told him the truth. She was there. His whole body responded to her smell immediately, as if he had been without her for thousands of rotations and not just one. 
She had become so essential for his life, he missed her the way he would miss his heart or his soul. 
But what could she possibly be doing up here? And all alone since he couldn’t sense anybody else with her? 
Worried, he headed back to the cabin, running as fast as he could but it still took him a while to get there. The woods were so thick where he was that he couldn’t fly his way out of there. 
He noticed the small vehicle as soon as the cabin came in sight and his frown became deeper. She had taken a significant risk coming all the way up there on that thing, and he would give her a piece of his mind as soon as he saw her. 
Her scent now was stronger, and any doubt about her presence he had was now gone. 
When he reached the cabin, he entered it, stomping his feet to let her know he wasn’t happy. 
But not even all the noise he made coming in could awake the sleeping woman on the bed. 
She didn’t even move. 
Suddenly worried, Haakon ran to her side to check on her, sure she had overexerted herself coming all the way up here when she had been so weak just the night before. 
He caressed her pale face, but again she didn’t move. She was sound asleep, and he could see on her face, the marks that tiredness and exhaustion had left. 
Taking a deep breath, he crawled into bed with her and pulled her into his arms, needing to feel her as close as possible to him. 
She let out a deep sigh and cuddled up against him, still in her sleep, and he kissed the top of her head, too happy to have her there, to do anything else. 
He didn’t sleep. Instead, he watched her sleep the whole night, caring for her and making sure she was all right. 
When the sun came up in the sky, she moved into his arms. 

Rosalind must have fallen asleep. She had felt so tired she had thrown herself on his bed, and that was the last thing she remembered. 
The sun was up again, and she was cuddled up in his arms once more. 
She inhaled his scent letting it flood her senses and relished the warmth of his body. She felt home again. 
“Haakon…” she murmured. 
“Good morning, Rosalind,” he greeted her in a soft tone, loving the way his name sounded on her lips. 
She tried to get up, but he didn’t let her.
“I need to use the bathroom,” she scolded him, with a slight frown. 
Reluctantly, he released her, and she hopped out of bed, disappearing into the other room. 
She stayed there for so long he was about to go after her when she finally came out. 
Haakon hopped out of bed and closed the distance between them. “What are you doing here?” he asked her, in a soft tone. 
“We need to talk, and since you decided to escape, I had no choice but to follow you,” she explained, in a curt tone. 
“I didn’t escape,” he replied, frowning. That idea made him look like a coward. 
“No? What would you call it?” she asked in a scornful tone. “You dropped me off at the doctor’s house and disappeared, without giving me, giving us a chance to talk about what had happened,” she continued, crossing her arms over her chest and facing him, with determination written all over her face. 
“I hurt you. There was nothing else to discuss,” he stated. 
“That, by itself, is discussable,” she assured him, annoyed. “I need answers, and I’m staying here until I get them.” 
He pursed his lips but didn’t comment on her decision. “Why don’t we get something to eat first? I’m sure you didn’t eat a thing last night,” he suggested instead. 
She was about to protest, but the mere mention of food caused her stomach to complain. “I guess I can wait a few more minutes,” she grumbled, walking to the kitchen area and taking a seat at the table. 
Haakon didn’t waste a second, and soon he had food on the table for both of them. 
She helped him clear the table when they were finished, and she followed him outside, feeling a lot better. 
“Well, you said you had a question?” he said, taking a seat on a chair on the small terrace that surrounded the cabin. 
She paced the terrace in front of him, looking for the right words. 
“I need to know the truth. That has become vital for me. Can you understand that?” she asked, standing in front of him. 
“Yes, of course.” 
“Are you my soulmate? And before you answer that, take in consideration I’m not accepting an answer that is not a ‘yes’ or ‘no' not at this point,” she warned him. 
He looked at her in silence for a few moments and Rosalind had to control her desire of shaking him until he admitted what she wanted to hear. 
“Yes.” The small word finally came out of his lips, and the waves of relief that crashed over her were so powerful, her whole body shook, and she fell on her knees in front of him. 
Worried, Haakon kneeled in front of her, cradling her face, gasping when he saw the tears rolling down her cheeks. 
“Please, don’t cry. If that doesn’t make you happy, I shall not impose myself on you,” he assured her, in a strangled tone. 
She laughed through her tears, smacking his hands. “It’s good to know you can be silly sometimes,” she said, wiping the tears from her cheeks. 
He frowned, obviously not sure of what she meant. 
She sighed and rested her forehead on his muscular chest. “Of course, that makes me happy,” she assured him. 
“Then why were you crying?” So far, he had only seen her crying when she was distressed or in pain. 
“We also cry when we’re happy,” she explained, leaning back and raising her eyes to meet his. “Why did you leave, then? Why did you leave me alone?” she asked him, allowing all the pain she had been through in the past hours, ooze through each word. 
“I hurt you. I put your life in danger,” he murmured, and she could tell how the simple idea distressed him. 
“You hurt me more when you left,” she assured him. “For you to really hurt me, you would have to take four times what you took. I’m sure that will never happen.” 
“There’s more at stake than just that, válkana,” he explained, in a stern tone. 
“I don’t care. You’ve become a necessity for me. The one I need to satisfy permanently. Being without you is no longer an option,” she stated, locking her eyes with his. “I love you. More than I thought possible to love someone else.” 
He cradled her face once more. “I love you too; you’re my other half, my true soulmate,” his words felt like a balm on her troubled soul, appeasing all the pain and wiping away all the loneliness she had ever lived. 
“Then, all that remains can be solved, one way or another. We belong together.” 
“It’s still dangerous…” he started saying, but she stopped him, resting a finger over his lips. 
“We can handle that, together. We’ll find a way,” she assured him. “I assure you I’m willing to take the risk. I’d rather live ten days with you than the rest of my life without you. Do you understand that?” she asked him, forcing him to see how she felt. 
“Yes, I do, and I feel the same. It hurts me to cause you pain.” 
“Physical pain is temporary. You would hurt me much more keeping me away.” 
He leaned forward and kissed her, showing her all his passion and love in that single kiss. 
She wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him closer, allowing him to deepen the kiss until they were both breathless and eager for more. 
He got up, picked her up in his arms, and carried her to the bed. Being away from her had only increased his hunger for her, and now, he needed to assuage that desire, though now he knew it would never be completely satisfied. 
His need for her would only grow in time. 

Rosalind felt so happy she didn’t have words to describe her feelings. For the first time in her life, she felt complete, a whole being, with a bright future ahead of her, and no matter if that future was long or short, she planned on living it to the fullest. 

The end

Abduction 2140

Chapter One

Whimpers and little cries filled the hallways of the mother ship as the Slythonians walked around, preparing everything for the slaves’ auction. It was their job after all: to provide the best slaves in all the galaxies. 
“Are the slaves ready, Eskol?” Rurik asked, his forked tongue hissing the words. 
The Slythonians would be easily described as huge lizards, able to walk on two feet, but still covered with brownish scales and with beady eyes, and let’s not forget their tail, hovering behind them, and known as a potent weapon they used whenever in need. They wore long, dark tunics that covered their bodies and several golden accessories, and the highest the rank the more accessories they would wear. 
But the Slythonians weren’t warriors; they preferred to let others fight while they dedicated their time to search the galaxies for the best slaves they could find. Their reputation as the best traders wasn’t built on words but on facts. They owned the fastest spaceships and the best technology known in all the galaxies that money could buy. They could travel through space and time, like others would cross the street to get to their homes. 
Coming from an insignificant planet, without lofty ambitions, they had become the most known merchants in all galaxies, who stopped at nothing to get what they wanted, providing their clients with all they needed, no matter what that was. 
For that night’s auction, they had traveled very far; to gather a good group of specimens they were sure would sell quickly. 
“Yes, Captain Rurik. They all have been collared and prepared,” the trainer answered, bowing to his captain. 
“Show them.” 
“Of course, Captain Rurik,” he opened the gate leading to the slave cells and stepped aside to allow his Captain to go in.
A long row of specialized cells sealed with metallic vertical bars and containing a simple bunker and small bathroom facilities lodged females from a few different species. Most of them had been purchased from their families, but others had been abducted. 
They only looked for humanoid slaves. Even species like theirs seemed to be more attracted to that kind of females, so amongst their slaves, you wouldn’t find women such as the Slythonians, unless, of course, a customer would specifically, ask for them. 
“We have an excellent group this time,” the captain said as they walked down the hallway, pointing at the naked bodies of the slaves imprisoned in the cells. 
“Yes, Captain.” 
They reached the cells where they kept one of the two human females. 
“Open the cell,” the captain ordered, approaching the female in it. 
“Stand up for inspection, slave,” Eskol ordered the woman, and she reluctantly got up. 
“These Earthlings… I believe we should remove their body hair, permanently,” the captain suggested, observing her thoroughly, as he ran a finger through the woman’s arms, belly, and mound. “They don’t add anything to their bodies.” 
“We shall do it immediately.” 
“When did you capture these?” the captain asked, with a slight frown, barely perceptible under the scales covering his face. 
“In the year 2140, captain. May I know why do you ask?” 
“Look at them, Eskol. They look practically the same. The same hair color, the same eyes’ color, the same body type… are they related?” the captain pointed out. 
“No, captain. They were abducted in different continents. Earthlings have been experimenting with genetic improvement,” the slave master explained. “I guess that’s why they all started to look alike.” 
“When did they start doing that?” 
“According to our data, around the year 2100, captain.” 
“We must stop going to the future then. These females are too dull to interest our customers,” the captain ordered. 
“Who are you? Who gave you the right to bring us here?” the woman ranted furiously in response to the observations. 
“Shut up, female, you are not entitled to question us,” Eskol ordered the woman. 
“I won’t be shut up by you, you disgusting lizard,” as soon as the words came out of her mouth, the collar she had wrapped around her neck discharged some kind of drug into her body that immediately paralyzed the woman and inflicted excruciating pain, making her fall to the floor. 
The captain lets out a cruel laugh. “Eskol, didn’t you explain to them the function of the collar?” he asked, turning to look at his man while crouching next to the helpless female. 
“Of course, I did, Captain. I believe she chose not to believe in me.” 
Rurik grabbed a full fist of the woman’s hair and pulled her head up, forcing her to face him. “The collar you’re wearing will react that way every time you choose to disobey a direct order, female. Here, you are nothing more than merchandise, meant to answer questions, not ask them. Is that clear to you now?” 
The woman whimpered, as the drugs’ effect wore off, and nodded. 
He dropped her hair and stood up. 
“It is time to ring them,” he ordered the slave master. “Our customers will soon be here.” 
“Very well, captain. We shall proceed immediately.” 
The captain nodded and left the room. 
Eskol called his assistants and one by one, they took the females out of their cells and inserted small metallic rings through the female’s left nipple. It was the Slythonians’ brand, and all of their slaves carried one. Most masters would remove it after the purchase, but meanwhile, it was the traders’ way to identify their merchandise. 
The ring also carried a tracking device, in case some merchandise was stolen from the traders. 
Once the ring was inserted, Eskol proceeded to remove the human female’s body hair, leaving them with just their blonde manes, falling down their backs. The slaves were finally ready for the auction, and the customers were starting to arrive. 
The cells were opened, and he ordered them to form a line. 
Quickly, all the females obeyed, none too eager to experience the fate of the human female. 
“You shall follow my orders, immediately and in silence. I don’t want to hear any cries or whimpers. Are we clear?” he asked, with a stern tone. 
“Yes, sir,” the answers came promptly. 
“You will be taken to the auction room, and you shall wait there until you are summoned to the center of the stage,” he explained. “Don’t even try to escape, because your collars are programmed to stop any intent you make, and in addition to the pain you will feel, you will be severely punished for it. Are we clear?” he asked again. 
“Yes, sir.” 
Eskol turned to one of his men and asked him to take the women to the auction room before he turned one last time to face the slaves. “I expect your best behavior. Don’t you dare to make me look bad in front of my superiors or the customers.” The threat sounded even more ominous in his hissing tone, and no female would even dream of dismissing it. 
They left the room following the other Slythonian and Eskol joined Captain Rurik in the transportation room where the customers were expected to arrive. 
“Ah, Eskol, our first customers are arriving,” Captain Rurik informed when his slave master approached. 
“Right on time, captain. The slaves are ready and waiting in the auction room.” 
“Perfect.” 
Warriors and dignitaries from all the galaxies around arrived at the Slythonian’s mother ship. They liked to use their ship for these auctions because their planet was in a remote area of the galaxy and few customers would travel that far for a simple auction. 
Captain Rurik was about to abandon the transportation room to start the auction when an unexpected customer was announced. 
 
Chapter Two

Asgar looked out the window of his command center and stared at the starry night. He was on his way back to his home planet, after a new fruitless search for a possible breeding mate. 
For some reason the men of science from his planet were not able to explain, for the past one hundred years, only one female was born out of ten children. With such low numbers as those, their population had decreased 0. At that point the king and his council had to take action. Even though they had searched throughout the galaxy to find the mates for their males, so far, they had been unsuccessful. The females they had mated so far, had proven to be unable to carry the Zuvrakians children, and the future of his species was starting to look very dark. 
“Asgar, I have news that might interest you,” Egil, Asgar’s second in command informed, as he approached his superior. 
Asgar rubbed the protuberances running through his temples, in a vain attempt to calm his frustration.
“What is it, Egil?” he asked impatiently. 
“The Slythonians are having an auction not far from here.” 
“Why would I be interested in their auction? We are not looking for slaves,” his harsh tone denoted all his frustration. 
“I know that, but the Slythonians are known to get females from all over the galaxies. They usually get species we haven’t even heard about,” Egil replied, ignoring his commander’s tone. He too hated to fail their king’s commands. 
“Why haven’t we been told about this before?” Asgar asked with a frown. 
“They hadn’t been on this side of the galaxy in a long time,” Egil explained. “I got news they are close to our position and they’re having an auction in just a few hours.” 
“I guess we won’t lose anything by paying them a visit.” Asgar agreed. “Do you have their coordinates?” 
“Yes, of course.” 
“Then set course to meet them. Perhaps, the gods will favor us this time.” 
“Right away,” he nodded and gave the coordinates to the pilot. It would only take them a few minutes to reach the Slythonians position. 
When their ship entered the area where the auction was taking place, Asgar was surprised to find several other ships around, surrounding one of the biggest vessels he had seen before. 
“I guess they have a full house,” he said with an ironic grin. 
“Their reputation precedes them,” Egil assured. 
Asgar turned to his communications’ officer. “Ask permission to board and attend their auction.” 
“Yes, sir,” he opened communications with the Slythonian ship, and soon Asgar and Egil were boarding the trader’s vessel. 
“Lord Asgar. You honor my ship with your presence. It is the first time Zuvrakians have visited us,” Captain Rurik received them with a courtier smile on his reptilian features. 
“Yes, it is, and yet you seem to know who we are,” Asgar replied his greeting with a nod. 
“It is my job to know any potential customer in the galaxies, Lord Asgar. My name is Rurik, and I’m the captain of this ship, and he is Eskol, my slave master. Welcome.” 
“Thank you, Captain Rurik. He is my second in command, Lord Egil,” Asgar made the introductions, and the Slythonians nodded. 
“I believe you are here for the auction, correct?” Rurik asked. 
“Yes, of course.” 
“Then let us not waste any more time. The others wait impatiently,” Rurik signaled the hallway behind him, inviting his last guests to join the rest. 
Asgar and Egil nodded and walked down the hall as invited. Asgar was surprised to see the Slythonian vessel was not only big but also luxurious and apparently technologically advanced. 
“I see you admire our ship, Lord Asgar. It is our home away from home, able to take us to the confines of the galaxies at the highest speed known,” Rurik explained as he walked beside him. “This vessel provides us with all we might need.” 
“It would be interesting to explore it with more time,” Asgar admitted. 
“We would be honored, Lord Asgar, perhaps when the auction is over.” Rurik accepted, pleased with the warrior's appraisal. 
“That would be perfect, Captain Rurik.” 
A few moments later, they entered a huge room, where several males occupied the chairs displayed around a circular stage. 
Rurik invited the Zuvrakians to take seats near the round stage and walked to one of its sides along with his slave master to start the auction. 
“Welcome all to our humble vessel,” he greeted his customers. “Tonight, we have brought you an excellent selection of females from all over the universe. I am sure you will be thrilled with them and will fight to get your hands in at least one.” 
Cheers had come from the crowd before he proceeded. 
“As usual, I shall present you every one of the females, and then they will be exposed for you to examine at your will,” he explained. “Only after that, shall we start the auction and the highest bid will take away the prize. May the gods be with you.” 
He had concluded before he made a signal to his slave master. 
One by one, the slaves came out to the stage, as Captain Rurik described them and extolled their qualities and best features. 
Despite the beauty of some of the females displayed, Asgar felt no attraction by any of them, until the last two. Rurik described them as humans, from the planet Earth, a small world on the fifth quadrant of the galaxy, further than any Zuvrakian had ever been. His soul didn’t make the call he had been waiting for so long, but he knew he had found the right race, all his instincts cried out that truth, and when he looked at Egil, he could tell he was feeling the same. 
After the show, the customers were invited to examine the slaves, and the Zuvrakians didn’t waste any time with the other females. They went directly to where the humans stood, with their hands behind their backs and their eyes lowered to the floor. 
Other customers were examining them, running their fingers down their alabaster skin and their golden hair, weighing their perfectly round breasts, and even poking their holes. 
The females endured the exam, in silence with their eyes locked on the floor, never facing the customers and Asgar assumed they had been instructed to do so. He recognized the collar they carried on their necks, so their obedience and acceptance was not a surprise. 
The customers were summoned to return to their places since the auction was about to start. 
Egil leaned over to his friend. “Are you going to buy them?” he asked, in a soft murmur. 
“Yes, I believe they are the right species. I’m sure you felt it too,” he confirmed his man’s suspicions. 
“Yes, I did. Though I doubt this will be easy. There are plenty interested in them.” 
“Fortunately, our planet has more than enough richness.” 
Egil nodded, and they turned to watch the auction. One by one, the females were sold, and after a rough battle, Asgar managed to buy the human females. He was sure two of his fellow Zuvrakians would find in them, their breeding mates. 
After all the sales had been completed, Asgar and Egil joined Captain Rurik for the promised tour of the vessel. 
“Ah, my lords. I’m happy to see you have bought two of my jewels,” Captain Rurik said as he closed the distance between them. 
“Yes, and I wanted to ask you if you have more of their species,” Asgar went straight to business. They had no time to lose, but he didn’t want their enemies to know they were after something in particular. 
“More humans, you say?” Rurik asked for confirmation. 
“Yes, more humans.” 
“No, not right now, but we intend to get more. Would you like me to warn you of our next auction?” 
“Yes, we would be very pleased to hear from you. I’m sure the specimens we bought today will give us immense pleasure,” Asgar confirmed, hiding their urgency and their real need. “When do you think, you’ll have a new auction?” 
“Oh, soon, surely before the end of the next lunar cycle on my planet, Lord Asgar. I’ll make sure to warn you in time.” 
“Thank you, that would be much appreciated. Now, show me this fantastic vessel of yours.” 

Captain Rurik nodded and spent the next few hours showing their vessel to their guests. Something told him he would do great business with the Zuvrakians and that pleased him more than anything did. 
So, he showed him their farms, where they grew and bred most of what they ate, their medical unit showed the ultimate advances seen around the galaxies as everything on the ship. 
“We have spent a lot of money on this vessel, as you can see because it is our home away from home. We spend a lot of time in it, traveling all over the galaxies and quadrants, wherever our job will take us, so we need, efficiency and speed. It’s vital for us,” he explained his guests. 
“Yes, I understand. We, the Zuvrakians, chose a vessel for its speed, weaponry, and resistance, nothing else,” Asgar stated. 
“You are a people of warriors. We avoid wars as much as we can. They’re bad for business.” 
The men chuckled and proceeded with their tour. 
By the end of the tour, the women were handed to them along with the software containing their language.
 “Here, we’ve uploaded the most important languages of planet Earth. Unlike most of us, they have hundreds of different languages on their planet,” Rurik informed, handing Egil a small disc unit. 
“Thank you, that will be most helpful.” 
When they finally returned to their vessel, Asgar and Egil were confident they had new allies in their quest against the disappearance of Zuvrak, even if those partners didn’t know how far their alliance went. 
 
Chapter Three

As soon as they left the area where the Slythonians were, Asgar opened a communication channel with his king, Brynjar. 
“Asgar, I was expecting you earlier,” his King stated in a slightly scolding tone. 
“Yes, we were supposed to be home by now, my king, but I am sure you will like the reason we were delayed,” Asgar explained with a pleased smile. 
“Care to elaborate?” Brynjar asked, with a deep frown, his metallic gray eyes shining dangerously. 
“I beg of your patience, my King. This you have to see for yourself. We have set a course for Zuvrak, and we will be arriving as soon as possible.” The severe tone on Asgar’s tone must have convinced the king of the importance of the news because he insisted no more. 
“I shall see you all then,” he nodded as he closed the communication and Asgar turned to look at Egil. 
“Are the females installed?” 
“Yes, they are. Should we remove their collars?” Egil asked, curious. 
“No, not yet. They have been through a lot, and they may panic and do stupid things. The collars will restrain them better than anything,” Asgar replied as he walked out of the command center. “Take me to them; I would like to talk to them.” 
“Of course. I’ve downloaded the software the Slythonians gave us, so you should have no problem with your translator,” Egil informed as he guided his friend down the narrow corridors of their ship. 
“Yes, thank you for thinking of that.” 
“I settled them together in a guest room and gave them clothes to put on. I thought they would enjoy each other’s company,” Egil continued as he opened the door and stepped aside for Asgar to get in.
Both women were standing near their chamber’s window looking outside chatting in a low voice. They were wearing the tunics they had been gifted with. 
“Greetings, ladies. I am Asgar de Zuvrak, and he is Egil. I wanted to welcome you aboard our ship,” he greeted them. They weren’t exactly short, but they sure didn’t reach six feet tall. “May we know your names?” 
One of them took a step towards him. “I’m Rosalind, and she is Erin,” she introduced, “Are you taking us home?” 
“Yes, we are taking you to your new home, our home planet Zuvrak,” he explained, with patience. 
“Our home is on planet Earth. You have no right to take us to… wherever you’re taking us,” she ranted, taking another step. 
“That’s no longer possible, we’ve bought you, and by our laws, you now belong to us,” his tone wasn’t menacing, just so matter-of-fact it froze both women. “We are thousands of light-years from Earth. You are not returning, and as soon as you accept that, the better it will be for you.” 
Asgar watched the female clench her hands into fists and smiled. Despite their size, there was a fire inside them, which gave him high hopes for their future. 
“It will take us a brief time to get to our planet. Use the time to rest and eat. It will do you good,” he nodded and left the room, followed by Egil. 
“Quite a feisty one, our little Rosalind,” Egil said, with an amused grin. 
“Yes, I noticed that. They will make two Zuvrakians thrilled,” Asgar nodded. “See they have anything they need.” 
“Yes. The men on the ship are curious and would like to meet the women,” he informed with a cautious tone. 
Asgar shook his head, stopping to face his second in command. “I understand their eagerness, but I believe we should leave that to after we introduce them to the king and his councils,” he ran a hand through his long black hair, undoing the braid he usually wore. “Despite the way we might have felt, they have the last word on this and the last thing we need if to get our men’s hopes high just to kill them again, if we’re wrong.” 
“Yes, I know.” 
Asgar patted his friend’s shoulder a couple of times before he headed to his private chambers. It had been a heavy day, and he needed a respite from all of it. 
“I’ll see you at dinner.” 
“Very well,” he entered his chambers and let the door slid behind him. 
Pulling the clothes off of his body, he went straight to the bathroom and into the shower stall. The soothing waters of his planet fell on his body cooling the fire burning inside him. Seeing those women on the Slythonians vessel had filled him with so much hope, that for a moment he had been afraid that hope would have clouded his judgment. When Egil had confirmed he felt the same, his hopes had spiked to the roof. Could it be possible they had finally found their matching mates? The species that would be the perfect match with his that would save his people from disappearing? 
Once out of the shower, he put on another one of his suits. Made of a unique fabric, it fitted their bodies like a second skin and allowed them to stay warm and to transform freely, without ending up naked every time that happened. 
Those few days their journey would last would feel as long as a hundred rotations around their sun. 
He wished Brynjar had come with them on that trip. It would have solved the situation immediately and who knows, perhaps one of the women was the king’s soul mate, but his guts were telling him things wouldn’t be that easy. 
By the time, he joined his men at the dining area; the topic of conversation was their special guests. The men were eager to see them and interact with them, and it was hard to calm their spirits. In the end, they all agreed the king and his councils had to confirm the facts before they could celebrate. 
Asgar kept away from the women. He didn’t want to exacerbate the crew’s feelings, and somehow, he sensed the women needed that time alone to think of their new life. They had provided them with enough material on their planet, so they knew where they were getting and what to expect. 
According to Egil, they had seen the material but had asked no questions at all. 
Hopefully, they would feel calmer when they finally reached the planet, and they could start their new lives. 
Zuvrak finally appeared on their screens, and all the men cheered. They were home, and in a few hours, they would know if they had succeeded in their mission or not.
The vessel landed on the capital’s main docks, and the crew was dismissed. 
With Egil’s assistance, Asgar guided the women into the vehicle that would take them to the palace, where the king and his councils waited. 
“Where are you taking us?” Rosalind, one female asked when they were about to enter. 
They were wearing warm, dark blue, tunics since the temperature of the planet was low. The planet was very far away from its sun.
“To meet our king,” he explained, containing his impatience. 
“I thought you had bought us as sex slaves,” she continued with a frown. “Are you selling us to your king?” 
“No, I’m not. Your purpose on our planet will soon be revealed to you. The sooner you get into the vehicle, the sooner you’ll find out.” 
She snorted, but finally entered, followed by her friend and seconds later they were on their way. 

Chapter Four

Asgar looked around with pride. Their planet might not be as exuberant as others, but he still found it beautiful, with its blue mountains, its orange oceans, rivers and lakes, its metallic gray buildings and all in it. 
The women seated next to him on the vehicle that hovered through the streets of the capital were mesmerized by all they were seeing, but they remained in silence. 
They arrived at the palace, a massive fortress, capable of giving shelter to most of the citizens living in the capital, in the case of an attack; it stands out proud, on the top of a hill. It was the safest building in town, and it lodged all the ministries. 
The vehicle stopped in front of a massive, black door guarded by two armed soldiers. 
Asgar hopped out of the vehicle and helped the women to do the same. He could tell they were nervous and shaking. Though Zuvrakians didn’t look that different from humans in their usual form, they, when their beast came out. 
Egil was the last one to exit the vehicle, and they quickly walked towards the council room. They had been notified the king, and the councils were waiting there. 
Egil had sent the women’s language software the day before, so all the translators should have been updated by now. 
They finally stopped in front of another set of heavy doors, and Asgar turned to look at the women. “You must wait here, with Egil until the king summons you,” he informed them, and they nodded. 
Looking at Egil over their heads, Asgar nodded at him before he walked in.
“Greetings, my King,” he said as he entered the room and the doors closed behind him, nodding at the other four men in the chamber. 
The king and the councils were seated at an oval table, and Asgar was invited to take a seat.
“Ah, Asgar,. We are eager to hear from your long journey,” The King said, his eyes locked on Asgar’s. 
“I’m sure, my King.” He looked around with a frown. “Where’s Haakon?” 
“On his way. We warned him, but the weather up the mountains has been difficult. We won’t wait for him, so tell us,” The King ordered. 
“Yes, but if it weren't for an unplanned event, the news I would be carrying would be disheartening, at the least. Two lunar cycles traveling around the nearest quadrant proved to be a complete waste of time,” Asgar started relating his journey. “None of the female we came upon stirred us, not even on a basic level.” 
The king’s face was a stony mask, but Asgar could see the turmoil inside him. 
Brynjar knew better than anyone, the problem the lack of females meant. His own dynasty was threatened by it. 
“What changed?” The King asked, in a measured tone. 
“When we were on our way home, Egil was notified of a slave auction being carried away by the Slythonians, and I decided we had nothing to lose and much to win, so we went to the auction.” 
“You are aware we are not looking for slaves, Asgar,” Fritjof, the Public Health Council, said, in a stern tone. 
“I’m well aware of that, Fritjof. But, yes, the Slythonians trade with slaves. The good thing about them is that they usually bring females from all over the universe. They can travel through the galaxies and the quadrants as easily as we travel around Zuvrak,” Asgar continued explaining. “So, we thought there was a good chance of finding females from species we weren’t familiarized with, that might turn to be mates.” 
“That was a long shot,” Fritjof intervened once more, but a cold glance from the king efficiently silenced him. 
“What did you find on board of the Slythonians’ vessel?” the King finally asked.
“As we thought, they had females from species we had barely heard of.” 
“And?” the King was impatient now. 
“There was a species in particular that called our attention. The Slythonians were auctioning two females from a small planet of the fifth quadrant, called Earth, and we decided to buy them, at all costs.” Though Asgar’s expression remained serious and composed, he knew his eyes shined with enthusiasm. “We thought you would like to see them and judge for yourself, my king, but I’m sure you will agree with me in this.” 
“Where are these females?” the King asked, with an ironic smirk. He knew Asgar way too well. 
“Right outside the door,” He got up, ready to get them when the king gave the order. 
“Bring them in, please.” 
Asgar nodded and walked to the door, opening it, and letting the other three in. 
There was a slight disturbance in the room as the women got in, followed by the thickest silence ever. 
All the men were staring at the females, mesmerized. And they were scaring the women, too. They had approached Asgar and Egil as if looking for protection on the men on the other side of the room. 
The King was the first one to come out of his astonishment. “They are from planet Earth, you say, Asgar?” 
“Yes, my king, they are. They have translators implanted. Her name is Rosalind, and hers is Erin.” 
The king closed the distance between them, and the women took a step back. 
Brynjar was an impressive man, one that would easily unnerve the bravest warrior, with his almost white blond hair, his olive skin, and his gray eyes, but especially with his stony, imperturbable expression. 
“Welcome to our planet, ladies,” he greeted them. 
“Thank you,” Rosalind was the only one that answered, crossing her arms over her chest, but Asgar could tell she was sarcastic. The woman had nerves he’d grant her that. 
The king turned to look at his friend. “You were right. There is a lot of potential here.” 
“More than just potential, my King,” the voice of Fritjof surprised them, and they turned to look at him. 
“What do you mean?” the King asked him, with a snarl. But one look at the man’s transfigured face gave him the answer. 
He turned to look at the women, and the one that had remained in silence had a similar expression on her face.
Asgar did the same and frowned. “Are you sure, Fritjof?” 
“Did you claim any of them?” the man asked without bothering to answer Asgar’s question.
“No, no one did. I considered more prudent to wait until we got here. I can sense their soul mates’ potential,” Asgar explained. 
Fritjof straightened up and walked towards the King. “She’s the one.” 
“Are you sure?” the King repeated Asgar’s question. 
“I’m sure, my King. You know I was the most skeptical one, but one look at her and my whole body responded, followed by my heart and my soul. There is no doubt in my mind.” 
“Very well. But you must go slow on this, you understand that?” the King asked, lowering his tone. 
“What the hell is going on here? Would anyone mind explaining this to us?” Rosalind asked, impatient and on the verge of an explosion. “I believe we deserve an explanation. 
“Rosalind, please,” Erin pleaded, with her eyes still on the tall man standing in front of her. 
“Your friend is right, you deserve an explanation,” The King said, facing the women. “Please, join us at the table, and we shall explain why you have been brought here.” 
They walked to the table and took a seat, but there appeared to be mistrust and some fear on their expressions. 

Chapter Five

The men took their places, and the King started the explanation. 
“We are a small planet of Drogon Warriors with only a few million inhabitants. Most of our planet is uninhabitable, so the population concentrates in only a few cities,” he displayed a hologram in front of him, illustrating his words. “On the last one hundred rotations to our sun, the number of females born decreased to alarming figures, to the point we had to start looking for alternatives on our neighboring planets, but though we have been searching for several rotations now, we have failed to find suitable mates amongst their females.” 
“That’s terrible. It could mean your extinction,” Erin blurted out, forgetting about her natural shyness for a moment. She had been a genetics expert back on Earth. “What kind of studies have you made? Could I look at them?” she continued until she realized everybody was looking at her. “I’m sorry. Please, continue,” she lowered her head, as heat colored her cheeks. 
“Why would you want to look at the studies?” Fritjof asked, in a soft tone.” 
“I am… was a doctor back on my planet, expert on genetics,” she explained with a slight frown. 
“I would be more than happy to show them to you. A new pair of eyes might see something we’ve overlooked,” the man suggested, looking at his King for approval. 
“Yes, of course. That’s a promising idea,” The King nodded. “Asgar and Egil were commissioned to travel to the next quadrant in search for possible mates for our males, but they were coming back empty-handed when they found you,” The King finished explaining. 
“And you think we are compatibles, is that it?” Rosalind asked, in a scornful tone. “You have to be kidding me.” 
“We’re certain of it,” The King replied in a stern tone. “I understand you are upset, and this is too much for you to take, but your arrival has brought hope to our people.” 
“Well, forgive me if I’m not thrilled you consider me a walking womb.” 
“Our mates are much more than pure wombs, and I am sure you will find out that soon enough, Víf Rosalind,” The King scolded her, in a cold tone. “They are part of us, the other half of our soul.” 
“I’m afraid I stopped believing fairy tales a long time ago, but since I doubt my opinion will matter in this case…” she made a slight pause, “I really would love to get some rest.” 
“I can understand these must have been difficult days for both of you, but I really would appreciate if you would bear with me for a little more time,” The King asked, but Rosalind was smart enough to understand it was an order. 
“Of course. What else would you like to know?” 
“What did you do, back on your planet?” the King asked, crossing his fingers in front of him, drawing the woman’s attention to his long, black claws. 
She dried swallowed. “I used to be Chief Executive Officer for a marketing company.” 
“A position of power, I can see.” 
“Yes, you could say, I formed the company as soon as I left college, with a friend. She passed away a few months ago, and I decided to sell the business,” she explained in a cold tone, apparently not comfortable sharing that information. 
“I’m sure we’ll be able to find something here to keep you busy. Our planet is your home now, and we want you to be as happy as possible,” The King concluded.
She snorted, and Erin kicked her under the table. 
“Of course. That'd be great,” she said, rubbing her leg, glancing at Erin. 

The door opened up, hitting the wall, and startling the people on the room.
“What did I miss? I came as soon as I could, but the snow had other plans,” he said as he walked into the room, his leathery wings, similar to those of a bat still displayed and his long, dark claws, coming out from the back of his hands. A fur cape floated behind him as he crossed the room. 
“What the hell…?” Rosalind cried out, and both women jumped up from their chairs and took a few steps away. 
“Haakon… you’re scaring our guests,” The King snarled, getting up and striding to stand in front of the women. 
“Hello, brother,” Haakon nodded, and in just a few moments, the wings and claws were gone. “Did I hear the word guests?” 
“Yes…” the King started, determined to scold his younger brother, but his words were caught up in his throat at the expression on Haakon’s face. 
The man took a deep breath as if sniffing the air and froze on the spot. With a wicked grin on his face, Brynjar stepped aside and allowed his brother to take a good look at his future. 
“Is this for real?” he finally muttered, with a deep frown, as if he couldn’t believe what his instincts and his soul were shouting at him.
“You tell me, little brother. Does it feel real?” the King asked, looking back and forth from his brother and Rosalind. 
“But… how is this possible?” he was still struggling with his feelings. His olive skin had become so pale it rivaled his blond hair. 
“Asgar’s journeys finally paid back.” 
“But… a soul mate?” these words were for the king’s ears only, and he merely nodded. 
Haakon finally looked away from the woman and focused on his brother. “What about you?” 
“We hadn’t reached that part yet,” The King informed. 
“God, I hate this...” Rosalind murmured through gritted teeth. “Can anyone explain what’s going on here?” 
Her question attracted the new man… thing… whatever he was’ eyes towards her once more. 
“How rude of me. Please, allow me to introduce myself. I’m Haakon, the king’s younger brother,” he said, nodding. 
“Brother? You mean the king is like you?” she almost cried out. 
The other men shot the newcomer a dark look, and if looks killed, he would have dropped dead. 
The king let out a heavy sigh and turned to look at the women. “We, the Drogons, are all like him, even our females.” 
“Jesus…” Rosalind cursed and took another step back. 
This time, Erin was the one calmed and serene. “You seem to be a fascinating race.” 
“How can you say that? They’re like some… dragons…” Rosalind insisted. 
“I’m sorry if I scared you, it wasn’t my intention,” Haakon apologized, taking a step closer. 
“Scare… who said I was scared?” she grumbled, recovering her cold blood, and facing the strange man standing in front of her, though her heart was still thundering frantically inside her chest. 
He grinned at her and bowed. “Good, I would hate to disturb you.” 
She let out a deep sigh and turned to look at the king. “Perhaps, we could call this meeting over?” 
“Yes, of course. Egil will escort you to the guest rooms.” The King finally accepted. 
“But…” Haakon protested. 
“Not now.” It was a precise order, and the other man silenced, as he watched the women leaving the room with Egil. 
“Damn… we could have waited for that.” Fritjof grumbled, pounding the table. 
“I had no idea we had visitors. I would have been more careful if I had known,” Haakon let his powerful body fall over a chair and rubbed his tired eyes. “Damn… you could have warned me.” 
“How does it feel?” the King asked with an amused grin on his face. 
“Like a hammer to your stomach,” Fritjof answered. 
“You too?” Haakon asked with a smirk. 
The other man just nodded. 
“How is this possible? Where are these women from?” Haakon asked, and Asgar filled him in. 
“And how are we getting more women from this planet?” 
“The Slythonians will bring a new cargo soon, and they will let us know. Hopefully, we will be able to find a few more matches amongst them, but unless things change, we should start planning a trip to this planet,” Asgar explained. 
“That won’t be easy,” The King frowned. 
“No, it won’t. According to what the traders told us, the planet is very far away from here, and unlike us, they have eight thousand million inhabitants.” 
“Well, at least that means they can spare a few females,” Haakon said in a scornful tone. 
“Fortunately, one of us has found his mate,” The King stated with a wicked smile. 
“Do you really think she will ever let me get near her?” a self-deprecating smile showed up on his face. 
“She will, eventually. The mating mutual, and though she might fight it, she will end up surrendering to it,” The King comforted him. 
“Or so say the legends.” 
“Did it feel unreal to you, Haakon?” 
His brother didn’t answer, but then again, he didn’t have to. The answer was written all over his face. 
“Any idea when the Slythonians will be back?” Ingvar, another one of the councils, asked. 
“No, I considered it wouldn’t be wise to show them our urgency,” Asgar replied. 
“You’re right. That information would be dangerous in the hands of our enemies.” 
“So, we just sit back and wait?” Haakon asked, not very pleased. He was a man of action. 
“No, we sit back and wait. You and Fritjof have a lot to do, conquering your soulmates and making them love the Drogon in you,” The King corrected him. 
Haakon chuckled, but there wasn’t much joy in his laugh. Showing his drogon to the women had been a nasty move, one that would require time to erase. 
“Is that an order, my King?” 
“You might consider it as you wish,” his brother nodded. “Keep me informed and go slow with your woman. She is strong-willed and determined. You’ll only have trouble if you confront her or tried to force her into accepting you.” 
“Give me some credit.” 
“I am, Haakon, but this is new for all of us. We know little to nothing about their species, and as you said, the whole soul mate thing had been a legend so far, we have no idea what will come out of this,” The King advised him. 
“You should be the one with a soul mate, not me,” he grumbled, jumping to his feet. 
“Perhaps, the gods will be kind to me, next time.” 
The King dismissed the council and left the room. 

Asgar and Haakon were the last ones to leave. 
“What made you bring them?” Haakon asked, curious. 
“Believe it or not, it was an instinct, like a damn voice inside me. I knew none of them was my soul mate, but I could feel the potential in them, and so did Egil. We had never experienced such a thing.” 
“We have to make sure the future queen comes with the next cargo because I have no intention of becoming king.” 
Asgar chuckled, but he knew Haakon meant every word. His place was out there, in the mountains. Raising the cattle that fed most of the Zuvrakians, free and reckless, not sitting on a throne he never desired. 
“I assure you I will do all in my power.” 
Chapter Six

Captain Rurik turned around to look at his slave master. He was sitting behind his desk, looking at the information on the women they were planning on abducting. 
“Are we ready to go down to the planet?” 
“Yes, Captain. We’re just waiting for you to approve the targets.” 
The captain looked once more at the pictures his hunters had brought back. “Why wasn’t this one taken into consideration, as well?” he asked, pointing at a woman with a fabulous auburn mane, smiling at the woman in the center of the picture. 
“We had, at first. Those two live together and have no family ties on the planet, but then we realized the other woman wasn’t able to walk for herself.” The slave master pulled the picture up to the hologram projector and amplified the part where the redheaded woman was, signaling the strange object she was sitting on. “She uses that device to move around.” 
“Damaged good,” the captain stated. 
“Yes, captain, that’s why we ruled her out.” 
“Good decision. Her friend will be quite a catch.” 
“Yes, I believe so too.” 
“Then, proceed with the abduction, as discreetly as possible. We don’t need to alert the humans about our businesses on their planet,” he warned his man, closing the files with the five females they had selected for this trip. 
“Of course, captain. Our men have been warned and prepared to eliminate any possible threat.” 
“Perfect. Tell them to proceed.” 
The slave master nodded and left the captain’s quarters. Ten of his best men were going down to the planet, for the capture of five different points of the planet. This time, they were looking for variety, and that was something abundant on planet Earth.
Eskol went straight to the command center. He always followed up close the abductions. They had been orbiting on the dark side of the planet’s moon, avoiding all of their primitive scanners. 
The Slythonian men were going down to the planet on small vessels that would go down to the surface wearing their special shields that would make them invisible to the earthling radars. After that, they had to land near their targets and materialize on their homes, abduct them, and return to their ships. 

Eleanor let out a heavy sigh. It had been a heavy day, and her instinct kept telling her it still wasn’t over. 
She wheeled her chair into her apartment building and smiled at the doorman. 
“Good evening, Miss Eleanor, you’re back early from your therapy today,” the man greeted her. 
“Ah, Mr. Jones, how are you? My therapist had an important meeting tonight, so she wasn’t able to keep her appointment with me,” she replied, with a scowl. She wouldn’t have minded, if the woman had warned her with time, instead of doing it the minute she entered the gym facilities. 
“Oh, that sucks. And she made you go all the way down there to tell you that?” 
“Yes, I know… the good thing was I used the time to swim, so it wasn’t a total waste of time,” she replied entering the elevator the man was holding open for her. 
“I’m sure Miss Sasha will have a delicious dinner waiting for you.” 
“We can hope, can’t we?” she winked at him, as the doors slid closed and the small box moved up to the ninth floor. 
A few moments later, she was opening the apartment’s door and going straight to the kitchen. “Sasha, are you here? The therapist didn’t show up today,” she shouted out, sure her friend was around. 
She had told her she would be home early. 
“Eleanor… I have company, would you mind going away for two hours?” Sasha’s voice came up from her bedroom. 
For a split second, Eleanor felt an excruciating pain in the face of rejection of those words, but then common sense kicked in, and she knew something was wrong. Sasha would never kick her out of their apartment. 
“Sure, I’ll see you later,” she replied in a loud tone. 
Scared, with her cell phone ready to dial 911, she wheeled her chair to her friend’s room. She had to find out what the hell was going on.
“But before she could reach the door, this one was smashed open against the wall and the strangest creatures she had ever seen come out, holding Sasha prisoner. 
“Get the hell out of here,” her friend shouted, struggling to free herself from the creatures. 
Eleanor was so surprised; she wasn’t able to move a muscle. 

“Sir, our men in North America, have been spotted,” one of his officers warned Eskol. 
He had been monitoring the actions in Europe and in Asia, the other two continents on the planet. 
“Damn, let me see that,” he pulled the image his officer sent him and watched the live transmission coming from the cams his men were wearing. 
“She wasn’t supposed to be home,” he grumbled, furious. 
“According to what we heard, she had a cancellation,” his officer explained. 
With a deep frown, Eskol opened a communication channel with his men on the planet. 
“Get rid of the other woman,” he ordered, furious. 
“We can’t, sir. The woman is fighting like a wild beast,” his man replied, clearly having trouble to submit the female they had imprisoned. “There’s no telling what she might do if one of us let her go.” 
“Damn, damn… do all you can to knock her down and then bring them both here. We’ll deal with the second woman when you’re out of there.” 
“Yes, sir.” 

Sasha struggled harder to free herself to no avail. She had been changing clothes in her bedroom when the creatures appeared in her room. She had let out a cry and had run for the door, but before she could reach it, they had trapped her, and she had been struggling and kicking since then. 
When she heard, Eleanor announcing her arrival, her struggles increased, and she tried to send her friend away, but the creatures wouldn’t let that happen. 
They burst out of her bedroom into the living room, and despite her prayers, Eleanor was still there, helpless on her chair. 
Distracted by her friend’s presence, she didn’t see the needle on one of her captor’s hand until they buried it in her belly, with its content squeezed into her. 
“Sasha!” Eleanor yelled, finally coming out of her stupor. 
But instead, of running away, she charged against the creatures, determined to get a hold of her friend, that had gone suddenly still and quiet. 
One of the creatures grabbed her before she hit the floor and the other one turned to face Eleanor, holding a similar syringe in his claws. 
She threw herself to the floor and crawl as fast as she could away from him, hearing his hideous laughter as he walked after her. 
He mumbled a few things she wasn’t able to understand as he kneeled next to her, pinning her to the floor. 

Njal growled when he was finally able to subdue the first female. The other one tried to escape, but she was no match for his superior strength, and soon he had her pinned to the floor as he injected the tranquilizer into her system as well. 
That one wouldn’t last much, but they didn’t like to leave a witness behind, so with both women secured, they returned to their vessel. 
“All set, sir, we’re heading back to the mother vessel,” he announced to the slave master. 
“Are you bringing both women?” Eskol asked, still frowning.
“Yes, sir, we had to, she had seen too much.” 
“We’ll dispose of her later.” 
Njal nodded, and as soon as his partner had the prisoners secured on the back of the ship, they headed back to the mother vessel. 

Chapter Seven

Eskol waited for the vessels on the boarding room, anxious to confirm if the merchandise was as good as promised. He had noticed the Zuvrakians interest in human females, and he would be more than pleased to satisfy their wishes. 
One by one, the females were carried into the room by the men, putting them on a table for him to examine. They were perfect. 
The ones brought by Njal and his partner were the last ones to arrive. Njal let the one they had gone looking for over the table and Zadok let the other one slid to the floor. They were still unconscious. 
“Excellent job with this one,” Eskol congratulated his hunter. 
“She’s the feistiest I’ve ever seen so far, sir. We had a lot of trouble subduing her,” he admitted. 
“Yes, I was able to see some of it. We have to collar her while she’s sedated.” 
“Yes, sir, that would be wise.” 
“Take her to the cell,” Eskol ordered. 
“What should we do with this one, sir?” Zadok asked, signaling the other woman.
“Get rid of her. I won’t ruin our reputation offering damaged goods.” 
“Yes, sir,” the hunter pulled her up to his shoulders, and he was about to leave the room when Captain Rurik entered the room. 
“What’s going on here?” he asked assessing the surrounding people. 
“The crew was forced to bring an unexpected guest back to the ship, Captain,” Eskol replied, motioning the hunter to leave the room. 
“Is she the female I asked you about?” the captain asked, stopping the hunter. 
“Yes, sir, she is. I was just ordering the hunter to get rid of her.” 
“Get her on the table,” the captain ordered, and the hunter immediately obeyed. 
Eskol opened his mouth as if to protest, but the captain’s expression made him hold back his protests. 
The captain examined the female, for a few minutes. “We’ll keep her, despite her problem, I’m sure we’ll find a buyer for her.” 
“But…” Eskol started but the glance the captain gave him, silenced him effectively. 
“Zadok, take her to a cell,” he watched the hunter leave the room before he turned to look at his slave master. “There is a lot to do if we want to have everything ready for when we arrive at the meeting point.” 
“Yes, sir, you’re right.” 
“I know you don’t see eye to eye with me with this last slave, but my instinct tells me we shall profit from her.” 
“Very well, sir.” But he wasn’t convinced, and he sure as hell didn’t plan to waste his precious time on her.

Eleanor came to herself a few minutes later, just to find herself lying on a cold metallic floor. Her head was pounding hard, and she was feeling nauseated. She looked around with narrowed eyes, carefully, not sure of what she was going to face as soon as she opened her eyes wide. She was alone, in some kind of cell, with a small bunker and basic bathroom facilities. The bars that closed the cell seemed as if they were electrified or something since they were glowing menacingly. 
She was still wearing her own clothes, and the only thing different she could perceive was a metallic collar wrapped around her neck. She tried to remove it, but she wasn’t able to even sense where the damn thing locked. 
Letting out a growl of disgruntle, she looked around once more. She needed to use the bathroom, urgently, but her wheelchair wasn’t anywhere around. She would have to crawl to get there. 
She was halfway there when she heard Sasha. 
“Eleanor, are you there?” 
Waves of relief flooded her. Sasha was somewhere close. “Yes… in some cell.” 
“Yes, me too. Are you alright? Did they hurt you?” her friend asked again. Sasha had always been overprotective of her, and she loved her for that. 
“I’m fine. But they didn’t bring my wheelchair,” she protested, smiling when she heard her friend’s chuckle. 
“Shut up you two, you’re going to attract the lizards here.” Another voice sounded some place nearby. 
“Sooner or later, they’ll come for us.” Another voice sounded. 
“Well, I rather have it later.” The first voice grumbled. 
“How many of us are here?” Sasha asked, sounding worried. 
“So far… four voices…” the first voice replied. “I’m Anya, from Norway, by the way.” 
“I’m Gil Ra, South Korea.” The second voice introduced herself, as well. 
“I’m Patricia, from Brazil.” 
“Sasha, from the USA.” 
“I’m Miranda, from Mexico.” 
“And I’m Eleanor from the USA as well. But, I have a strong feeling I wasn’t supposed to be here,” she added, finally reaching the toilet, and struggling to get on top of it.
“Why do you say that?” Gil Ra asked, too curious to stay quiet. 
“First, because there is one of each country, and second, because I’m sure I’m not good enough for whatever their plans,” she explained. 
“Don’t put yourself down,” Sasha protested. 
“I’m not, I'm just realistic. They abducted females, from all over the world. I’m sure they’re not after scientific knowledge,” Eleanor replied, making one more try to reach the damn toilet. 
“What the hell are you doing, Eleanor?” Sasha asked worried. 
“Trying to use the toilet,” she explained, huffing heavily. It took her a few moments to finally sit on the toilet. 
“Where do you think, they are taking us?” Miranda asked, in a low tone, with a thick accent. 
“No idea, baby, but unfortunately, there isn’t much we can do. Just judging by the number of lizards that went for us, we’re outnumbered, out of our planet, and God knows where,” Sasha replied in a cold tone. 
Eleanor managed to do her things and slid down from the toilet before they heard a swish sound, announcing the arrival of the aliens. 

Eskol entered the dungeon area and looked around. The women were awake. They had implanted the translators and collared them all, including the one the captain had insisted on keeping alive. 
He stood in the middle of the dungeon, where they all could see him. “Greetings, females. My name is Eskol, and I’m the slave master of this vessel. We come from planet Slython, on the fourth quadrant and our people are traders,” he informed. “You have been selected among millions to be sold to the highest bidder,” he informed, slowly turning around to face each one. “We have implanted a translator into your hearing systems so you’re able to understand us and any possible master.”
“What gives you the right to do this, you’re freaking lizard?” One of them asked, furious. 
Eskol recognized her as the one that had put up a fight with his men, and he raised a small gadget that controlled all the collars, and pushed a button, sending a command to them. Soon all the women were on the floor squirming and whimpering with pain. 
“We give ourselves all the rights,” he replied in a cold tone. “We call The collars on your necks training collars. Each time you disobey me or any of my men, a drug will be injected into your bloodstream, and you’ll feel pain. It can also paralyze you, or even kill you,” he explained, with a satisfied smile on his reptilian face. 
“You bastard.” The same woman grumbled, through gritted teeth and he repeated the action. 
“When one of you violates the rules, you all suffer,” he explained, with a hideous smirk. “Is that clear?” 
No one answered, and he pushed the button once more. 
“Not answering my questions is disobedience. Is that clear?” he asked once more. 
“Yes, sir.” They all replied, panting through the pain. 
“Good, I’m sure you’ll all learn very fast.” 
“It will take us two weeks to get to our destiny, and other females, from other planets, will be joining you. It might be a good idea to let them know about the rules,” he concluded and was about to leave when his eyes fell on the crippled woman. 
“As for you… For me, you would already be dead, but the captain seems to think he’ll be able to sell you,” there was a lot of scorn in his tone. “Stay away from me, make me forget you exist, or you’ll regret it dearly.” 
Eleanor nodded and lowered her eyes. She had been right. She wasn’t supposed to be there, and that hardly meant good news for her. 

Chapter Eight

He finally left the room with another swish, and a thick silence fell on the room. 
“Elly, are you alright?” Sasha murmured. 
“Yes, don’t worry about me,” she replied, trying to sound as normal as possible. Her life was hanging by a thread, but there wasn’t much she could do about it. 
The next few days went by in a blur. Every day, a new female from another planet arrived at the dungeon and was informed of her new role in life. 
The slave master paid them a few visits, to make sure the females were clear on what was expected of them and to train them for the auction. How they were supposed to walk, stand, and allow the customers to examine them thoroughly. 
Eleanor was the only one left on her cell during those training, and she usually stayed as close as she could to the bars, praying Sasha could hold back her rage and impotence. The creature would never leave the dungeon without insulting Eleanor, one way or another. He seemed to take deep pleasure in it, and Eleanor had to struggle with her own rage on those moments not to answer back the disgusting bastard. 
Soon, there were fifteen females ready for the auction. According to the men feeding them, the day was coming very soon, and all the women were nervous and edgy. They had no idea what was expecting them, and that was the most upsetting part. You couldn’t prepare yourself for the unknown. 
One morning, the slave master entered the dungeon accompanied by someone they hadn’t seen before. 
“Greetings, females. I’m Rurik, the captain of this ship. Tomorrow, we’ll have your auction, and you’ll all find new homes with your new owners,” he announced and a collective groan filled the room. 
“Silence,” Eskol ordered them. 
“Today, you’ll be ringed and prepared for the auction. I expect your best behavior.” The captain concluded, and he was about to leave the dungeon when he spotted Eleanor’s cell. “I want her ringed and prepared.” It was a clear order, and Eskol dared not to protest. 
“Of course, captain.” 
They left the room, and some girls whimpered. 
“What do you think he meant by ‘ringed’?” Sasha asked through her bars. Her cell was the one next to Eleanor’s. 
“No idea,” she let out a deep sigh. “We’ll be separated tomorrow,” she stated in a low tone. 
“You don’t know that yet,” Sasha protested. 
“Of course, I do, and you do too,” she had tried not to think of that, during the past days, but now, there was no possible escape. 
She also knew if the captain wasn’t able to sell her, the slave master was going to kill her. She kept that certainty for herself because the last thing she wanted was for Sasha to get in trouble trying to save her.
She still wasn’t sure what option she preferred, but she had always been a fighter, a survivor, and she believed while there was life, there was hope. 
“Why this had to happen to us?” Sasha grumbled, and Eleanor could sense the tears her friend had welled up in her throat. 
“It did, and we can’t change it. Just promise me you’ll do your best to survive and find happiness,” she asked her friend, in a low tone.
“As a slave? You ask too much of me.” 
The door to the dungeon opened again, and Eskol showed up, with two other men. After he pushed a few buttons, a metallic table, appeared from the floor, and the strangest devices were pulled from the roof. 
One by one, the women were taken out of their cells and ringed. The process was similar to getting a piercing on your left nipple, but the process seemed to cauterize the skin at the same time. It didn’t appear to hurt since all the other species went through it in silence. 
The slave master left the humans for last, and soon they discovered why. Before he ringed them, he had their naked bodies completely covered in some strange goo that removed all the body hair. Only then did he insert the ring on their left nipple. 
Eleanor was left for last. 
Eskol ordered one of his men to get her on the table, and once he had her there, he decided to have more fun with her. 
“This is a waste of time, and we both know it, don’t we, useless human?” he asked, pinching both her nipples hard. 
“Why don’t finish it once and for all?” she challenged him, daring than she usually was. But there wasn’t much on the line for her after all. 
“You know I can’t, but I will have no doubt.” 
He released her and covered her with the goo. He must have changed something because unlike the others, she felt so much pain, she almost passed out. 
Her legs weren’t insensitive. She couldn’t walk because the pain of standing was unbearable, so when he covered her body with the goo, she felt its elevated temperature in every single inch of her. It felt as if he was burning her alive. 
She did her best to contain the whimpers and the cries, biting her lips hard, determined not to give him the taste of her pain. 
The goo was ripped off her body, violently and this time she wasn’t able to hold back the cry of sheer pain. 
“Did that hurt? You must be weaker than the rest of you,” he mocked her, with a hideous smile. 
She said nothing and waited for the rest. She guessed he hated her so much because his wishes about her hadn’t been taken into consideration. 
He took the piercing gun himself, and she summoned all her inner strength to resist his attack. Once more, the pain was terrible, but she managed not to show it. When he had, the ring inserted into her skin, he pulled it hard and twisted it. 
“Tomorrow… you’ll be in my hands tomorrow,” he whispered in her ear, with his hissing voice, before he stepped aside and ordered one of his men to drag her back to her cell. 
Soon the dungeon was back to its usual look, and they had been left alone. 
“Elly… are you alright?” Sasha asked, clearly worried. 
“Yes, of course,” she tried to appease her friend's concerns. 
“Did it hurt you?” she was puzzled, and that confirmed her suspicions. 
“Yes, a bit. I guess Eskol gave me special treatment,” she admitted, not exposing the extent of the pain she had been through. Her skin still felt raw and tender. 
“I can’t leave you behind,” she grumbled. 
“There’s nothing you can do about it,” she crawled as close as she could to the bars of her cell. “Sasha, please, promise me, you won’t get into trouble, trying to save me.” 
“How can you ask me that?” 
“Because it would be worthless and it could get you in deep trouble. Please, I wouldn’t stand knowing you were hurt,” she insisted. 
“This has to be a damn nightmare,” Sasha pounded the wall between them. 
“Just be safe, please.” 
That night, nobody slept. The weight of the unknown, hanging over all of them. 
Chapter Nine

Asgar ran as fast as he could towards the council room, smashing the door against the wall in his way in. 
“You better have a good reason for this abrupt entrance,” The King scolded him, without even raising his eyes from the documents he was examining. 
“The Slythonians are back.” 
Those words were enough to make all the men in the room to get up. 
“Where? When will the auction take place?” the King asked, trying to sound calm. 
“They have established their orbit a day away from here, and the auction will be held in two days,” Asgar announced, not bothering to hide his enthusiasm. The two females he had brought back from the last auction had proven to be much more than they had expected. 
“I guess you have all set for the travel,” The King said with an ironic grin. 
“Yes, of course. We leave in just a few minutes,” Asgar admitted. 
“Very well,” The King nodded. “Bring back every human they have on that ship, no matter at what cost.” 
“We will don’t worry.” 
“And see if you can get the coordinates to this planet. We have searched out intergalactic maps, and none mentions it, they don’t even mention their solar system,” Brynjar added. 
“Yes, I had that in mind. I’m sure we have it, but the probabilities are we name it something different.” 
“I guess that’s possible.” 
Asgar nodded and left the room, leaving the rest of the councils murmuring excited, heading straight to his vessel. 
Egil was already there waiting for him, with everything ready. 
“All set. Are we leaving at once?” 
“Yes, I warned the king and the councils, so we are ready to go.” 
“I’ve accommodated a few rooms for our guests. How many do you think we’ll be bringing back?” 
“I do not know, but let’s hope more than two. The king wants us to bring back every single human they might have on that vessel,” Asgar replied as he gave the order to take off.
The journey to the meeting point felt eternal. By the time, they arrived at the established orbit; Asgar had made contact with the Slythonians and announced their presence. 
“Welcome, my friends. We’ll be very pleased to receive you in the morning for the auction,” the captain replied his message. “I’m sure you’ll be very pleased with our cargo this time.” 
The men on the Zuvrakian command center cheered the news. 
The next morning, Asgar and Egil boarded the Slythonian ship along with several other customers. 
The auction followed as expected, and once more, the humans were left for last. One by one, the women were brought to the front of the stage and Asgar, once more felt the same urge he had felt the first time. Unlike the other two women he had bought the first time, these were very different, in height, color, and even body shape. But it was the last one that kicked the air out of Asgar’s lungs. 
Tall, taller than any of the other, with black, long, straight hair, amazing blue eyes, and a powerful body, not quite muscled, but yes, strong and fit, along with very feminine and voluptuous curves, she was more than he had ever dared to hope for. And she was his, his soul mate. The pull was so strong, so powerful; he almost went up the stage and claimed her. Now, he could understand the way Haakon and Fritjof had felt. 
“You found yours, didn’t you?” Egil asked in a low tone, next to him.
“Yes, is that obvious?” he admitted. 
“God, yes,” his friend chuckled, and Asgar punched his arm. 
The captain announced the examination period and Asgar did all he could to stay away from her. He knew he would have trouble focusing on his purpose with her too close. Egil did all the pertinent inspections. 
After a few minutes, he joined his captain. “Something is going on,” he murmured, discreetly. 
“What do you mean?” Asgar asked, remaining impassive. 
“The woman is making demands.” 
“What?” Asgar turned to face his friend, too surprised. 
“Approach her. You might want to hear what she has to say.” 
Intrigued, Asgar took hold of all his self-control and approached her. He stood in front her and ran a finger down her cheek. 
She didn’t move, and when he was starting to think Egil had imagined things, she murmured. “If you buy me, without buying my friend, I’ll make sure your life is a living hell.” 
He didn’t understand the full meaning of her words, but he did understand the menacing tone of her words. “What friend?” he murmured back. He intended to buy every human, but perhaps she was talking about someone else. 
“They’re not exhibiting her.” 
“Dear customers, please return to your seats, the auction is about to start.” 
The females were taken away, and Asgar followed the rest of the customers to the seats. 
“What did she tell you?” Egil asked him as soon as they took a seat. 
“Apparently, there’s a human they’re not auctioning,” Asgar replied, with a frown. “But, we’ll take care of that later.” 
The auction started and one by one, the females were sold, and after spending a considerable amount of money, Asgar acquired all the human females and ordered Egil to take them back to their ship. 
He planned to find more about the mysterious woman the Slythonians were hiding. 
But his soul mate had other plans. When she realized, she was being taken away from the ship without her friend she lost her temper. 
“No… no… I’m not going anyway without my friend,” she cried out, charging against Egil, trying to stop him. 
“Stop, right now,” Eskol shouted the order, but that didn’t stop her. The collar did, and Asgar only had time to catch her before she hit the floor. 
He picked her in his arms and whispered in her ear. “I’ll get her. Leave this to me.” 
She looked at him, with so much pain in her eyes; he almost let out a growl of rage.


 

Chapter Ten

He handed her to Egil and waited for them to be out of the Slythonian ship before he turned to face the Captain. 
“That’s a feisty one,” the captain said with a smirk. 
“I like them that way,” Asgar assured him. “What was she talking about?” he asked, in a careless tone. 
“She has been feisty from the moment we acquired her, to the point we were forced to bring with us her roommate,” the captain explained.
“Why wasn’t she at the auction?” 
“She’s… special. I’m preparing a special auction for her,” the captain explained. 
“What do you mean with special?” Asgar asked, with a slight frown. 
“She can’t walk, she’s crippled,” the slave master replied, with obvious scorn in his tone. 
The captain sent his man a warning look. “As you must know, we are able to find customers with all sorts of… tastes.” 
“I guess she’s human, right?” Asgar asked, not sure he should take back a woman as the one described, but the pain in his woman’s eyes, made the decision for him. 
“Yes, she is. The earthlings don’t seem to have knowledge of other species,” the captain replied. 
“Perhaps, we could help each other, Captain Rurik. Our king has grown a sudden taste for human females, and he ordered me to take all of them back with me,” Asgar started explained. “What if I pay you the highest bid you had tonight for that human?” he proposed. 
“It’s damaged merchandise,” Eskol snorted. 
“I’m aware of that, but the King won’t mind.” 
The captain seemed to consider his proposition for a few moments before he finally nodded. “Well, you can have her. That way I can leave right away.” 
“Perfect.” The transaction was made, and Eskol was asked to bring the female. 
“Would you still be interested in more females? This time, we shall take longer to return to this quadrant, but I could warn you when we do,” the captain suggested, and Asgar nodded his acceptance. 
“Yes, please, captain, I would appreciate that,” he made a small pause. “I guess the planet where the humans are from is very far from our galaxy.” 
“Yes, it is,” the captain replied, and his tone showed Asgar he didn’t admit any more questions on the subject. 
Eskol returned carrying a woman on his shoulders and dropped her at Asgar’s feet. 
“Well, it was a pleasure doing business with you, and I’m looking forward to your next visit,” Asgar said, with a cold smile, picking up the female. She was unconscious. 
“Us too,” they said, nodded and Asgar left their vessel. 
By the time Asgar arrived at his own ship, the other women had been taken to their quarters and Egil was waiting for him.
“So, they were hiding one,” he said when he saw Asgar carrying a woman. 
“Yes, but this one wasn’t in their original plans,” Asgar explained as he rushed to the infirmary. The woman was still unconscious. 
“What happened?” Egil rushed after him. 
“Not sure yet, but she doesn’t fit their parameters of perfection,” he replied as he reached the medical unit. “She can’t walk,” he turned to look at the doctor. “Check her vitals. I’m sure Eskol did something to her.” 
“Even after you bought her?” Egil asked as they stepped aside, giving room to the doctor. 
“Yes, for some reason, he didn’t want her to be sold,” he rubbed his face, anxious. “Set a course back home. I’ll go talk to her friend.” 
“Are you sure you want to do that? She has been pounding the door to her quarters ever since I left her there,” Egil explained. 
Asgar scowled but nodded. “I might be able to calm her down.”
“Good luck with that.” 
Asgar walked to the area they had prepared for their guests, and soon he was hearing her poundings. He opened the door, and she fell against him, ready to pound once more. 
“Let me out of here…” she cried out, struggling to free herself. 
Asgar carried her easily inside the room and closed the door. “Please, calm down.” 
“You left her there… he’s going to kill her… you bastard…” she yelled at him as she punched his chest. 
“I brought her with me,” he finally managed to say, though he had to repeat it a few times until she finally understood what he was saying.
Her hands stood still over his chest. “What did you say?” she asked in a low tone. 
“I brought your friend with me,” he repeated again. 
For a moment, she didn’t say a word, she stayed there, with her hands on his chest, and her eyes fixed on his chest. And suddenly, she had buried her face in his chest and cried out loud. 
Asgar held her in his arms and allowed her to unburden herself. She clearly had been through a lot. 

In a day, they would arrive at Zuvrak, and the time for explanations would finally arrive.

Did you like story?
Please leave a review


