HARD PRESS’D

LINDA RAE BLAIR
FRANKLINTON, NC

Don’t miss other books by Linda Rae Blair
See the author’s web site:
https://lindaraeblairauthor.wordpress.com/
The characters, names, and events as well as all places, incidents, organizations, and dialog in this novel are either the products of the writer’s imagination or are used fictitiously.
Copyright 2010 Linda Rae Blair
All rights reserved.
,ISBN: 1453743707
EAN-13: 9781453743706
2nd Edition
Published by Linda Rae Blair at Smashwords.com

Thank you for your interest in downloading this free eBook. This free eBook remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you have enjoyed reading this eBook, please encourage other readers to download their own copy at Smashwords.com where they can find other eBooks written by this author. Your support is greatly appreciated.

Acknowledgments
Again, I must thank retired Sergeant Tom Waller of the Cincinnati Police Force who provided some much-appreciated information that made my murder details and my ‘cop’ information more accurate. 
Another expert in law enforcement to whom I owe my thanks is Margaret R. Sullivan, Records Manager and Archivist for the Boston Police Department.
Any errors in the use of information provided by either of these are entirely mine!
To Sherry and Lou Ann at my favorite Starbucks, thank you for your unfailing support and many ideas—rational or otherwise! Kidding, ladies—but you knew that, right?
Enjoy!

To those wise enough to recognize their mistakes and learn from them.

1
Virginia Beach
April 12, 2010
11:30 PM
“I don’t know what to do,” she cried. “Everything’s such a mess!”
Tears streamed down her beautiful face—the face that had made more than one man pursue her. How could anyone avoid the attraction of that face? Now that pert little nose of hers had taken her where it didn’t belong and created a problem that needed fixing. Well, there was no way around it. She’d have to die.
“It’s going to take me awhile to break free. Meet me at Jewish Mother’s in the parking lot. I can be there in about an hour. Don’t give up on me if I’m a little late,” the voice told her.
“I’m so sorry. I shouldn’t have gotten you involved. I just didn’t know where else to turn.” She was sobbing now—the pert nose now red and swollen, her expertly applied make-up deposited on the lacy handkerchief she’d received during the holidays.
Don’t worry, sweetheart! We’ll get it figured out,” the well-controlled voice promised. If the girl had known the emotion beneath it, she would have run screaming.
“Stay calm. We’ll figure it out. I have a few things to finish up here before I can leave. Go to Jewish Mother’s and wait in the parking lot. Stay out of sight and wait for me. I’m on my way as soon as possible. I love you!” 
“I love you, too,” she said, as she hung up her cell phone and headed for her car. So much for what she’d thought would be a romantic evening with the man she loved. She certainly wasn’t feeling romantic right now. 
By the time she got to the restaurant, the side streets were nearly deserted. She parked in a dark corner of the lot, poorly lit at the best of times but seeming eerily dark tonight. She rubbed her arms as the damp ocean air seeped into the car while she waited. Spring had come to Virginia Beach, but the night air was still cool, blowing strongly off the ocean just blocks away.
Finally, the sound of approaching footsteps drew her attention. She climbed out of the luxurious car and hurried toward the person she’d been anxiously awaiting. The two greeted with a hug and a kiss. There were few people left that she would protect above all else—this was surely one of them. Everything in her life seemed to be off-kilter tonight but not this. 
“I’m so glad you’re here,” she cried.
“Calm down, sweetheart. Everything’s going to be alright.”
She pulled back slightly, looked into those familiar eyes and felt somewhat calmer. “I’m sorry. Maybe I’m wrong. Maybe I’m overreacting! How could anyone I know be involved in such a thing?” She caught her breath. “I must be wrong, don’t you think?”
“Let’s go talk it through and then we’ll decide what to do next. Have you told anyone else?” 
“No. I was going to go to the police, but…I just couldn’t.”
The strong arm reached around her shoulder and held her tightly. The kiss placed gently on her temple sent a small shudder down her arm. As they walked away from the lot to the sidewalk, she asked, “Where are we going? I thought…”
“You don’t want to talk about this in such public place, do you?”
“Oh, of course not! I’m sorry. I don’t seem to be thinking very clearly tonight.” She shuddered slightly and the arm wrapped around her shoulder tightened slightly in a warming embrace.
“Not a problem, love. Now, tell me what you found out. Tell me everything.”
A few minutes later, they stopped under the awning of one of the beach’s tourist traps. Across the street was a restaurant whose lights barely lit its own sidewalk. They certainly didn’t intrude onto the secretive pair’s side of the street. This was the perfect spot.
The arm holding her suddenly gripped much harder, practically lifting her off the ground. As the first shot ripped through her spine, the next tore through her brain. Gripped tightly by strong hands that gently laid her down, she didn’t even have time for the surprise of the attack to register on her beautiful face. Just moments before she had been saying that the police had to know right away.
Calmly and deliberately, the killer turned back around the nearest corner. Just a block away the quiet hybrid car was parked and waiting where no one near the girl’s body would see or hear the killer leave. Behind the dark tinted glass, there was plastic sheeting spread out over the front seats and floor. Latex gloves and a damp towel waited so the killer could remove any visible blood spatter from face and hands and would not contaminate the car. 
The car started silently and moved away without lights until it reached the next corner and a safe escape.
2
Virginia Beach
Day 1
1:55 AM
When he awoke to the brain-drilling ring of his cell phone, he knew he’d had all the sleep he was going to get for the night. Every homicide cop knows the sign of a new body waiting for his attention. I’ll never understand why people wait until the middle of the night to get dead was his first conscious thought.
“Andrews,” he growled into the receiver as he, out of habit, tried to keep his voice low. “Address?” His brain was accustomed to having to remember details such as the fact that someone found a body and where it was located, even before he could recognize his own surroundings. “Meet you there in about twenty minutes.” 
His drowsy brain reacted automatically. Then it slowly recalled that just weeks before, he would have risen carefully so the woman beside him could continue whatever sweet dream was putting a smile on her face. Awake, she hadn’t smiled often enough, in my opinion. Of course, that was as much my fault as hers—okay, more, he supposed.
The guilt he felt so often where she was concerned flooded his wakening brain. She was one of the kindest women he’d ever known—yet something vital had been missing in their relationship. That, too, was my fault, he sighed to himself.
As he shuffled across the thick carpet toward the master bath, he realized that, despite their problems, he missed her. No, he corrected himself—not her. What I really miss is having a partner in my life. I’d really wanted the real thing, and she hadn’t been it. Dear Lord, he thought, I sound like the latest issue of Cosmo—even to myself!
He quickly stripped off his pajama bottoms as he headed into the shower stall that could easily hold four people his size. This luxury had been one of two that he had insisted upon when he took over the family summer home as his permanent lodging. 
The cool shower painfully forced his brain to full function. His mind seemed unable to settle on anything other than the woman. He had tried to find some way to extricate himself from a bad situation without hurting her. I really hadn’t wanted to hurt her.
She’d lost her apartment when the tropical storm had swept through her complex and leveled three of the four buildings. Before he’d known he was going to open his mouth, he’d found himself asking her to move in. It had been a mistake from the very beginning, and he’d known it almost immediately. 
Well, I’ll never make that mistake again. At first, I’d told myself often that it was easier to allow myself to continue with the mistake than to speak my mind and suffer the anticipated feminine histrionics I’d talked myself into expecting. 
Hell, that had been a very weak rationalization—she was a lovely woman and I thought…well, whatever the hell I thought. I was wrong—again! Preston Andrews was never one to shift blame to others—at least not for very long. He had made a mistake and he was fully willing to shoulder the results.
She would never be as hard on him as he was on himself. She was far too kind. That’s what made him feel the worst. He simply hadn’t loved her—not that way. He loved her like a dear friend—she wanted, needed, deserved better. Therefore, the arrangement had come to an end two weeks ago.
Lord, my fellow detectives would laugh their asses off if they only knew what a coward I’ve become—let alone over a woman.
Even with his hair in wet disarray and the scowl on his face, Detective Preston Andrews—Press to his friends—was a striking figure. Women were drawn to his dark and brooding good looks, his intelligence and the force of his physical presence. The small scar on the cheek above a chiseled jaw line and just below half of the pair of dimples that showed when he flashed his wide, white-toothed smile, seemed to make him even more attractive to the opposite sex. All that and he cut one hell of a handsome figure in a tux.
Men valued and sought his opinion; he was a respected man and cop. They also, smartly, tended to back away from his fury. While it rarely flared, until recently, it inspired awe when in full bloom. 
Those who were on the wrong side of the law simply feared him. Few knew what a softhearted soul laid beneath that tough, handsome exterior.
Now combed into place, his glossy pitch-black hair—obviously cut by an expert—laid in thick, waving, feathery layers that any woman would simply die to run her fingers through. 
The dark complexion was a stark contrast to the eyes of icy blue, surrounded by thick black lashes. They could stop a woman’s heart at fifty paces or pierce a suspect’s nerve across an interrogation table. 
At six-foot-three-inches and two-hundred-twenty pounds of well-toned muscle, with broad shoulders and a six-pack that any man would envy, few would think of challenging him physically. His regular exercise regimen would make most men cringe. 
The only flaw in that admirable physique of his was the scar on his torso. The occasional ache that went with it was, so the doctor told him, more in his mind than in the healed bullet wound. It had been a close call that even the doctors had bet against. A year later, the small scar and the reoccurring nightmares were the only reminders of his infamous near-death experience.
Virginia “Society”—with a capital “S”—counted him as one of their own. This was despite the fact that he had disappointed many—including his parents—by becoming a cop instead of a politician like his dear-old-dad. 
Senator William Alexander Andrews had been firmly ensconced in the DC power structure for over twenty years. Before that, he had been a leader in Virginia politics and his national party for many years. Instead of running for governor, he’d been the man-behind-the-man. Then, when he deemed the time to be right, William Andrews took charge of his own ambitions.
3
Crime Scene
Day 1
2:20 AM 
His memories of his father’s disappointment in his son’s choice of vocation faded as Press drove up just outside the crime scene tape. Behind it, his colleagues stopped cold—drawn to a halt due to the noise of his arrival. When they were caught staring, they almost simultaneously turned their heads away and tried to act as if they hadn’t noticed him. 
It was rumored that he had been in a royally foul mood the last couple of weeks, although none knew what had caused it—unless it was the assignment of that junk heap he was driving. Several snickers were stifled.
His mood was sour even for 2:00 AM. Despite with that furrow in his brow he was a sight to behold as he stretched his long frame out of the unmarked cop car that had been assigned to him—a three-year-old Taurus that had obviously been driven hard. The pile of junk called an unmarked car was assigned to Press and his new partner, Trace Evans, just days before. He’d refused to let even a junior detective like Evans drive the heap of junk. I’ll get even—for the car, not the new partner—he vowed silently. 
He had had that assignment—the raw young partner, not the car—pretty much thrust upon him. The kid is personable enough but really, do they think I’m a baby sitter? Before meeting the kid, green had been the word that came to mind when he thought of Evans. He’d had five years of patrol, sure, but that didn’t make him detective material—despite the fact the kid had aced his detective’s exam. 
Good grief, I have to pull this foul mood under control, he thought. Even in his current frame of mind, he knew he was being unfair. The kid was smart as they come and willing to do even the worst job that Press had heaped upon him during what the squad referred to as a new team’s “honeymoon” phase.
The Chief had told Lieutenant Wallace that the kid had a lot of untapped potential, and he wanted him in the Detective Bureau assigned to their best and brightest—that meant Press and everyone involved knew it.
Well, I’ll put the kid through his paces and, if he doesn’t pass muster, I’ll kick his…there he is amongst the many crime scene experts that will—hopefully—make our job easier.
The engine was still knocking and rocking the car—smoke spewed—as he slammed the Taurus’s banged up door, and moved into the taped off area of the street. Yes, sir, I owe someone for that damned car—and I know just who is going to get repaid! I’ll take care of that little matter later today. He caught himself nearly growling. Looking at his watch he silently cursed as he realized it would still be hours before the local Starbucks down on Laskin opened. Damn!
“Evans.” He tamped down the temper in his deep baritone voice to avoid growling at the kid. Still feeling surly, he acknowledged the lanky, young, blonde-headed cop walking toward him. For the moment, standing there in the cool, salty breeze coming off the ocean, he resented Evans as the one responsible for waking him up with that call earlier. A good hot latte would cure that petty issue and a number of other problems in his personal world—but that would have to wait until later.
4
Crime Scene
Day 1
2:20 AM
There was a lot going on in Trace Evan’s mind for someone who’d been routed out of bed at 1:50 in the morning—a mere five minutes or so from the time the victim died. The detectives didn’t often get notification that quickly. He now knew that was just a stroke of luck—if you could believe in anything as iffy as luck.
“Sir,” the young cop said, as he aimed his big hazel eyes at the ground, feeling a little sheepish about having to wake up his new and very-senior-partner in the middle of the night. As Detective Preston Andrew’s junior partner, it was his responsibility. Andrews would never suggest that Evans shouldn’t have done it, but Andrews was wearing resentment this morning as clearly as he was his shoulder holster. The senior detective was not in a good mood and Trace’s day wasn’t starting out well.
As he greeted his senior partner and guided him toward the body, Trace was still nervous about working with Andrews. He really didn’t understand why Lieutenant Wallace had given him this assignment a little over a week ago. 
There were grumblings amongst the other detectives about why one of them didn’t get the assignment to Andrews instead. As far as they were all concerned, it was the best assignment in the department. 
Evans knew he was resented for getting to partner with Andrews. Oh, he was very thankful for the assignment—it was a plum! But the guy scares me nearly to death. It’s just idol worship—clear and simple, and he knew it. Get over it! He couldn’t have his usually quick mind freeze or his body jump nervously every time the man spoke to him.
No one could ignore Andrews’ reputation as the best detective in the State of Virginia—if not the entire East coast. Despite the involvement of six state police departments and the FBI, he’d been the one to crack the biggest, most gruesome, multi-state, serial murder cases in the eastern U.S. just six months earlier. 
The papers were still plastered with Preston Andrews’ name in connection with that one—almost a dozen young couples murdered, and their bodies dumped in lonely areas of the countryside. Twenty innocent kids had gone out for a little romance on warm spring nights, never again seen alive. The details were grizzly, even to seasoned cops. Reporters still tried to corner him and ask about the case, hoping to dig out some new little tidbit that would give them a new sensational headline. 
There had been multiple victims, cities, states, and jurisdictions, as well as a befuddled FBI—but Preston Andrews of the Virginia Beach Police Department had solved it. Actually he’d hand-fed the FBI the crucial information needed to crack it, and had nearly died in the show down with the killer. 
How Andrews being the one to solve it had gotten out, Trace still wondered. Andrews would never have leaked it. He was also infamous for his willingness and ability to work well with others—especially the FBI. All that mattered to Preston Andrews was getting the bad guys—not who got the credit for doing it.
Detective Andrews had told him—as Lesson #1—that he should learn the value of sharing with the Feds—it was usually a one-sided deal. The time would come when he could call in some well-placed markers.
He’d never worked side-by-side with Andrews before this assignment, but he’d been involved peripherally on a couple of Andrews’ cases during his own five years on the force. He wondered, Would any perp ever shake in his boots just being on the receiving end of a stare from Trace Evans? Trace caught himself and swallowed the laugh before it could escape his lips. 
There’d been rumors that the FBI had courted Andrews before he joined the VBPD—no one could understand Andrews’ decision. The Feds had made another try at him just recently—so the grapevine said.
“Coming, Evans?”
“Yes, sir! Sorry, s-s-sir!” He snapped to attention and moved quickly to catch up with Andrews, now standing over the body very carefully taking in all the details of the scene.
5
Norfolk, VA
Day 1
2:30 AM
The car pulled into the garage of an old house in Norfolk rented for just such an emergency. Paid for with cash every six months, the access to ready cash kept the rental agent quiet. Who knew what the owner was clearing, but the agent was certainly content. Well-disguised, the renter would never be identified by the agent. 
The run-down neighborhood was now sparsely populated, and the renter never came to it after making the rental arrangement—until tonight—and never would again. Rental would continue for a few months longer and then would lapse. Nothing belonging to the killer had ever been here, except the hybrid, stolen from the Norfolk International Airport’s long-term parking lot after an emergency call to a trusted colleague. They hadn’t had to worry about switching plates, since they planned to return the car to the lot before its owner could even miss it. The killer’s own vehicle was already on its way to the lot for pick up later. 
A mental note was made that there really should be a special reward to the thief for a job very well done.
The killer had parked the hybrid in the garage, donned another pair of latex gloves and entered the apartment. The coat, gun, plastic sheeting, towel and the latex gloves used for the drive to the beach and back to the apartment were inside the large, cloth duffel bag carried for just such an occasion. A hot shower took care of the rest. 
The killer was feeling very certain that there had been no mistakes made. They had very thoroughly planned for this contingency, and they carried it out just as carefully. If the killer had had any empathy whatsoever…but no, sleep would come easily tonight. The biggest threat had been put to rest, so-to-speak. 
6
Crime Scene
Day 1
2:30 AM
The kid is stammering. Press decided to have a little fun. It might just brighten his mood a little. 
“Dead bodies make you nervous, Evans?” 
“N-no, sir!” 
Andrews had spotted the case of nerves the first time they’d worked together—he’d decided it wasn’t the work, but Press himself that unnerved the kid. He’d been there himself…though it seemed like a lifetime ago. He’d been a big admirer of his now-retired partner when they first got paired. They’d become so tight that, by the time old Finnegan retired, they could finish each other’s sentences. 
If we’re going to spend the next who-knows-how-many-years together, I’ll have to break Evans of that little case of “hero worship” quickly!
Despite his mood and the hour, he found the youth and inexperience of this young cop had him trying to hide a smile as he snapped on a pair of latex gloves. 
It was rumored that Evans had an IQ that would knock the socks off any Ivy League college dean, but he’d decided to be a cop. It seemed they had a little something in common—disappointing those who meant the most to them. Well, if the powers-that-be wanted him to hone the kid's detective skills, by God he’d make him the best damned detective they’d ever seen.
Glancing at Evans, Press suppressed his grin once more. The kid would probably have to find a dark corner to deposit last night’s dinner before the morning was over.
He’d have to admit, if asked, that the kid was a pleasant young guy—but he also was a constant reminder of how much Press himself had changed in the mere six years he had on the kid. Homicide does that to you, he supposed.
“Yes, sir. Sorry, sir.” Evans said and cringed, obviously remembering that. Andrews hated that “sir” stuff.
The ME, a rotund, little fireball named Gladys Williams, arrived in her big black van. She watched the Crime Scene team take photographs of the body and surrounding area before approaching the body. 
The crime scene crew acknowledged the detectives’ arrival. Flash bulbs were going off left and right—adding a strange red-carpet atmosphere to an otherwise deadly scene. 
Andrews and Evans stood back waiting for the ME to do a preliminary examination, including the usual liver temp. They had to go through the required steps despite the fact that the cause of death was all too obvious. When Gladys was finished, she nodded to Andrews and stepped back to give him access to the body.
“Needless to say, she’s got two pretty lethal bullet wounds. I’ll do a complete work-up as soon as I get her back to the morgue,” the ME said, before turning to return to her van to get a gurney. Everyone on the site could hear her grumbling to herself while moving as quickly as her short, plump legs would let her.
“Hum,” Andrews said, as he squatted down beside what was left of a pretty blonde in a sexy, low-cut blue silk dress, one of its thin spaghetti straps—left shoulder—was snapped in two. Her pricey handbag lay beside her. 
Her dainty feet were strapped into silver sandals with five-inch heels, Manolo Blahniks, unless his eyes failed him. His sister would be proud of him for recognizing them, if she ever spoke to him again. Undoubtedly, the ankle straps had kept them on when she went down. 
The victim’s jewelry was still in place. Sapphires and diamonds twinkled from the ring and bracelet. Her pendant—the ring’s mate in design—was hanging around her neck from a white gold chain so thin it was a mere whisper.
All this luxury accompanied two small, neat, round gunshot wounds. One sat between her pretty green eyes which were now clouding over. Their lids showed the first signs of rigor—no doubt due to the cool night air. The other wound was right in the center of her throat. 
Other than those two rather obvious flaws, their accompanying powder burns and a small, bubbling trail of brain blood on her forehead, she looked like she had just collapsed backwards and gone to sleep. The pool of blood beneath her head was small for a head wound—already dead before that shot—and brain matter on the wall behind her proved that the appearance of sleep was just a fantasy. 
Her blonde curls weren’t even mussed, neither was that expensive dress—despite the snapped strap. Death had been quick and unexpected. Evans’ dinner was probably safe after all. It was one of the neatest, cleanest yet most destructive shootings he’d ever seen—but with the same result as too many. A beautiful young woman was dead. Something about her is vaguely familiar, he thought as he straightened up and stood next to his partner.
“Tell me what you see, Evans.”
“Young female, sir—approximately twenty to twenty-five years old—probably out partying from the outfit she’s wearing—maybe a party girl or a pro, sir. Two gunshot wounds up close. First shot probably killed her. Looks like a nine-mil. Maybe a trick gone bad?”
“You’re right on the nine-mil and the ME will tell us which shot killed her.” He watched Evans’s complexion turn a wee bit green, but the kid was hanging in there. Despite the lack of the usually messy scene, his regard for Evans moved up a notch. Your first few dead bodies and all the unpleasantness that accompanied them were difficult to handle. 
His own lack of reaction—other than those tingling nerve endings—was proof that, with enough exposure, you grew less affected by the sight alone. Other matters could shake you though. That much he had learned the hard way. 
“Throw up on me or my crime scene, Evans, and you’ll ride your desk for the next week,” Press growled in his deep voice. “Lesson #2, Evans—never, ever throw up on my crime scene.”
“Yes, sir—I mean, no sir!”
“Make up your mind, Evans! See anything else?”
Evans took a deep, cleansing breath. “Strange the way she’s laying there. The first shot should have knocked her off her feet. Usually there’s an odd position of the body—she looks like she just lay down to take a nap.”
“Yeah, or maybe somebody laid her down.” 
Another notch for the kid. 
“But the girl’s very probably not a pro, Evans—at least not a street pro—there’s real money here and lots of it. Could be a high-priced pro, but I don’t think so. The clothes are too pricey. Dress is silk.” He bent over and gave a slight lift to that dress’s skirt, which had never covered more than the top third of those long, slim legs. “Lingerie is French lace.” He carefully put the skirt back in place. “And those sandals were about fifteen-hundred dollars retail.”
“Whew!” 
The awe in Evans’ voice and the look on his face told Press that the kid couldn’t imagine paying that kind of money for a pair of shoes—let alone shoes that consisted of mere straps with spikes for heels. 
“I’ve got a sister with expensive taste,” Andrews explained.
“How can you tell that’s French lace, sir?” Trace asked. “I don’t think I’ve ever seen French lace.”
Press gave the kid a crooked smile and a wink. “Once you’ve seen it up close, kid, you never forget it.” He saw Evans taking one more look, as the kid tried to figure it out. 
“The hair cut is high-end salon, note the fresh manicure and pedicure. Skin is smooth, unblemished and well maintained. She’d been crying—note the smearing of the mascara.” 
Press gently turned over her hands to view the palms. “No calluses. It doesn’t look like she did much in the way of housework—work of any kind. Probably came from a home with at least a housekeeper. Not a blemish or bruise on her.” 
He whiffed the air just above the dead girl. “And unless I’m terribly mistaken, the perfume is French, too.”
He pointed to the bracelet on her arm. “The diamonds and sapphires—those aren’t paste.”
He stood up and looked down at what had once been a very beautiful young woman. What was it about her that has my nerves tingling? Something I can’t put my fingers on, at the moment—it’ll come to me later.
“Killer was up close, but her jewelry and handbag are intact, as are the expensive panties under that equally expensive silk dress. Powder burns on both wounds. He hit her quick and got away,” he said, almost more to himself than to his partner. 
The kid was paying close attention and absorbing everything Press was saying—one more notch.
7
Crime Scene
Day 1
3:30 AM
“Any witnesses, Evans?”
“No, sir—not that saw anything. The uniforms got contact information for everyone inside, just in case we need it later. They’ve kept them all inside until we’re ready for them.”
“Good.”
“The elderly couple standing in front of the restaurant door heard the shots from inside the restaurant and called 911. They had just gone in when they heard the shots and stayed tucked into the restaurant and waited there for us to arrive.” 
He dropped his voice slightly, “Didn’t even come over to see if she was still alive—too scared to get involved.” The derision in his young voice was obvious.
“Well, other than the possibility of seeing the killer’s get-away and possibly getting themselves shot, they couldn’t have done any good, Evans. She was dead before she hit the street. At least we’ll have a very precise TOD. Whether these folks bothered to note the time or not, 911 will have it.” 
“Yes, sir.” Evans looked at his notes. “The 911 call was placed at 1:46 AM, approximately forty-five minutes ago. The uniform was here within three minutes—called dispatch and they called me. The uniform was on beach patrol a couple of blocks over, near the old Post Office.”
“Damn,” Press let out a huff of air. “That’s quick response. Add on-scene ME and CSI crews and detectives investigating within forty-five minutes of the murder. If the killer had stayed on-scene long enough to hiccup, he’d have been caught red-handed.”
Press looked over at the nearest CSI and asked, “You about done here?” He motioned down at the girl’s body.
“Yeah, go ahead.”
Bending over, Press gently and carefully picked up the victim’s small handbag, taking note that, despite the cool breezes sweeping up from the beach, she was still warm and no additional signs of rigor had set in. Full rigor would set in by the time the ME got her back to the morgue. He stood up and started looking in the handbag for the girl’s ID. 
“Driver’s license.” Damn it to…, he thought as he compared the photo ID to the pretty girl on the ground. On a muttered curse, Press let out the breath he discovered he’d been holding. “It’s our girl. Macy Renee Roberts, twenty-two years old, lived at 1527 Nantucket Cove.” Everything in him wanted to scream.
“Pricey neighborhood.” Since he lived only blocks from the dead girl’s address, he knew the area well—beachfront property, most of the homes were mansions that had been in place for thirty years or more. Most were from very old money.
Press also knew the girl—knew of her anyway—he hadn’t seen her in years. God, she’d been just a kid back then. He hadn’t recognized her until he saw the ID. At six years older, he had considered her and her friends to be just kids back then, and caught himself reverting to that frame of reference now. No, they were young women now—this one was never to get any older. God, what will I say to Steffi?
“Insurance card says she drove a 2008 BMW.” He wrote down the vehicle description and license number and handed the information over to Evans, he said, “Have a uniform see if they can find the car and get it sealed and towed down to impound. Let the Crime Scene unit know when it’s located.” 
“Yes, sir.” 
Press observed from a distance as Evans took the vehicle information to the nearest uniform and explained what they needed done.
Meanwhile, Press found the car keys in the girl’s purse and dropped them back into it along with the insurance card before handing it to the CSI for bag and tag. If he needed to see anything more, he could find it at the State Forensics Lab later.
Andrews stood, looked around him taking in the entire scene. He soaked up every detail with a memory that others teased him about being photographic, but he knew it was just very well-honed. 
I could close my eyes now and see that young couple’s murder scene like it was…no, I won’t let myself go there again. He found he was absentmindedly rubbing his chest.
He took a deep breath and then, to the returning Evans, he said, “Wasn’t a robbery, no sign of sexual assault. It appears she felt safe enough to be here at night—although it seems that was a mistake. What’s left, Evans?” 
Suddenly Press drilled those icy blues at Evans and made him sweat, despite the cool pre-dawn air. 
Trace swallowed hard and then responded. “It was personal, sir.”
“You bet it was, Evans. Up close and very personal. Now just what the hell did a well-to-do twenty-two-year-old woman do to piss somebody off enough to get off’d in the middle of the night, in a public place where anybody might have seen it?” 
“Or did the killer pick this spot because of the poor lighting and low traffic at this hour?” Evans added.
One more for the kid.
8
Norfolk, VA
Day 1
3:45 AM
Locking the door, never to return, all evidence left the rental with the killer. 
Less than an hour later, the hybrid pulled into the parking lot at the deserted mid-way travel stop of the Chesapeake Bay Bridge. After assuring no one else was within sight—and hidden from view by a heavy coat’s hood—the killer walked to the far end of the old wooden pier. Another careful look to assure no one was watching and the weighted duffel bag dropped into the deep churning water of the Chesapeake. After watching it slowly disappear, the killer—head lowered against the raging winds that always swept across the pier—returned to the parking area. 
Later, with the car’s seat position, visor and radio settings reset to their original ones, the thoroughly wiped down hybrid was back in the airport’s long-term parking lot. It would be days, perhaps weeks, before the owner retrieved it. With any luck, the owner would never realize his car had moved. In the meanwhile, the killer drove away in the car left for just this purpose—the killer’s own car. No one would ever think to talk to anyone at the airport.
There was no reason to think this hadn’t been the perfect crime—one of several, the killer smiled.
9
Crime Scene
Day 1
3:55 AM
Andrews looked down at the girl as the ME zipped up the body bag. He took off the gloves and stuffed them into his jacket pocket. Then a determined Preston Andrews walked away to talk to the couple who’d called 911. 
His gold detective’s shield now rested against his chest. Suspended from the leather case stuffed down into the breast pocket of his Armani jacket, the shield caught the glimmer of the twinkle lights edging the awning of the restaurant’s entry. He took note of how poorly the lights illuminated anything beyond the entrance itself. Evans was right about the location. It was an excellent spot to hit the girl and get away unseen. 
He stepped up to the older couple standing out front with a uniformed patrolman who stood a little straighter as he saw Andrews approaching.
“Officer…?” Andrews said as he met the uniformed cop’s gaze.
“Gibson, Detective Andrews.” Gibson obviously didn’t need an introduction, due to Press’s reputation. “Sir, this is Mr. and Mrs. Floyd Tate from Richmond. They’re here at the beach for the weekend celebrating their thirty-fifth anniversary.”
“Mr. and Mrs. Tate,” Andrews said as he shook hands with the Tates. “I’m Detective Andrews and this,” he said, nodding toward his partner, “is Detective Evans. Sorry Virginia Beach didn’t show you a better time for your celebration,” he added apologetically. He aimed a sincere smile at the pair and saw them relax just a little. “Please tell me what you saw and heard earlier tonight.”
Mrs. Tate looked at her husband and waited for him to take the lead. 
“Well, we arrived about 1:40 AM or so. We had planned to have a late dinner, since we had been at a play in Norfolk earlier in the evening.” He looked at his wife and smiled, and then he turned back to Andrews “We met here at the beach nearly forty years ago, so this is a very sentimental place for us.”
“We had been saying how lucky we were that the restaurant was still open. By the time we got here, it was later than we’d anticipated—near to closing. It’s one of our favorite places when we’re here at the beach—Stella here just loves the raw oyster and salad bar here. Thought maybe we’d at least get a dessert and some hot tea before they threw us out,” Tate said, smiling at his wife.
“We had just gotten inside the door when we heard the shots. I doubt anyone else inside heard anything because the music was so loud.” Mr. Tate was nervously patting his anxious wife’s hand, which he had gripped tightly with his other hand.
“Did you see the girl or anyone else outside as you entered…perhaps a vehicle out front?” Andrews probed.
“No, didn’t see a soul in the parking lot,” Mr. Tate nodded toward the north side of the building where the club’s designated parking was located. “There were a few cars in the lot. Didn’t see anybody on that side of the street or any cars—it was pretty late by the time we got here, as I said. Most traffic is over on Ocean or Laskin at this hour unless they’re going somewhere specific on the side roads like this.”
Press recognized that Mr. Tate was very familiar with the resort area of Virginia Beach and had obviously come here often. The beach enjoyed many thousands of return visitors every year—they were an excellent source of income for the area. A horde of students and most of the sailors from the nearby naval base spent time at the beach during season, along with many tourists on their way to Florida, New York or DC. 
The sailors, especially when the ships were in port or—God help them all—during Fleet Week, would create overflow in every hotel, motel, restaurant and shop in the area and utter chaos until the wee hours of the morning. Unfortunately, not all of either civilians or sailors were law-abiding citizens. 
“We parked in the lot, walked straight up the sidewalk toward the front entrance. No sign of anyone around that I noticed. Course, I wasn’t really looking.” He confirmed with his wife with a glance as her head was shaking a matching negative. 
“We were talking about the play we’d seen, and, as you can see, these little fairy lights don’t shine very far out in front of the restaurant—not as far as across the road there. It’s pretty dark over there if you aren’t purposely looking for something,” he said, indicating the direction where the ME’s assistant was now rolling the gurney toward the coroner’s van.
“Did you hear a vehicle pull away?”
“No,” Mr. Tate replied. “It was so noisy inside—the band was playing.”
“How could you be so certain that what you’d heard was a shot?”
“I’m retired Navy, son—Lieutenant Commander. I know a gunshot when I hear one. And I go to the range myself once a week—gets me out of Stella’s hair and keeps me sharp,” he winked at Press. “Some might confuse it with a backfire, but I know a gunshot when I hear one!”
“Yes, sir, you sure do! You a good shot, Mr. Tate?” Press flashed a friendly smile at the old man.
“Aw well, not like I used to be, but I still do a decent job. Eyes aren’t as good as they used to be, I’m afraid.”
That’s what Press was afraid of, too. In the dark with aging eyesight and across the street without any backlighting—well, hell, what chance did they have of seeing anything that would be of value? They hadn’t been looking in that direction—had been talking and paying attention to where to step on the cracked sidewalk leading to the restaurant’s entrance. The killer may well have waited until they got inside before doing the job—maybe the timing was just a coincidence. I need coffee.
“I peeked out the little window in the door,” Mr. Tate pointed to a diamond-shaped window not much larger than a human face. “I saw her lying on the ground. Couldn’t tell it was a girl—the officer told us about it later, but I knew it was a body. That’s when I called 911.”
“Stella wanted to go out to check on her, but I made her stay put and called 911. This young man,” he said, as he pointed at the uniformed officer who had waited with them for the detectives, “arrived just a couple of minutes later.”
“Well, thank you ma’am, sir,” Andrews said. “Give Officer Gibson your address and telephone number in case we have any further questions. Then you can go. Thank you for calling for help so promptly.”
“You’re very welcome, young man. Darnedest thing! Just in the wrong place at the wrong time, I guess.” 
Yeah, Press thought. Same could be said for young Macy!
Shaking his head, Mr. Tate double-checked that Officer Gibson had their contact information correct as Andrews walked away toward Evans.
10
Crime Scene
Day 1
4:15 AM
Press stepped into the restaurant and found a small wait staff, kitchen help that had been in the back of the building and would be no help whatsoever, six band members still entertaining the approximate dozen customers just to keep them all awake. The band members were enjoying themselves and would play until they dropped. 
During the tourist season they’d have had three times as many people to talk to—even at this hour and despite the liquor getting cut off at 2:00 AM.
He approached the uniform standing at the hostess’s greeting area. “Do we have all their addresses and contact information?”
“Yes, sir,” the officer said, handing him the list of names and information.
“See if you can dig up a cup of coffee with cream, will you?” Press asked the uniform, who immediately disappeared into the hallway to the kitchen.
Press turned to the room, introduced himself and apologized for keeping them so long. “Did anyone hear a shot or see anything suspicious around 1:30 AM this morning?” He quickly scanned the room and faces of all those present—none of which seemed familiar.
The response was a unanimous no or shaking of heads. “All right, folks. We’re going to let you get home now. If we have any questions later, we’ll contact you. Thank you for your patience.” He ignored the grumbling.
The uniform returned with Press’s coffee. It disappeared in a couple of deep gulps that Press didn’t even taste.
“If anyone needs a ride home, let the officer know, and he’ll provide assistance getting a cab.” Although the staff had been serving everyone hot mugs of coffee during their wait, he didn’t need anyone who’d been drinking being hurt or killed on their way home.
As he exited the restaurant, Evans joined him. “The car’s on the way to impound. It was a block over in the Jewish Mother’s private lot.”
“Hum,” Andrews pondered this for a moment. “Well, that may be a lead, Evans. Although…” he hesitated as he closed his eyes and pictured Jewish Mother’s and it’s three-quarters of the block of restaurant and parking lot. “Mother’s lot is on the side of the building around the corner from the view of the entrance. Unless our girl went inside, we’ll probably come up empty. Nothing else on that block is open at night.” 
Then, speaking more to himself than to Trace, “Gotta wonder why she parked at Jewish Mother’s if she was coming here? Their lot’s clearly marked as a tow-away-zone for non-patrons and this lot clearly had room. Or, did she just meet someone there and come here afterward?”
Coming out of his thought process, Press said, “Well, Mother’s is closed by now. We’ll hit them in the morning—get a list of last night’s crew—see if anyone can remember the girl.”
“Yes, sir, it was the only car left on their lot. Glad VBPD didn’t tow it before we found it. They’re usually pretty strict about parking infractions during season.”
“Yeah,” Press agreed hesitantly. “It’s still a little early in the season yet, Evans.” He shivered slightly as a waft of cool air blew off the beach just two blocks away, through the dark, mostly-deserted streets. “Another week or two and it would have been gone hours ago. Tourist travel will double by then.” 
One block east of the crime scene, the windshields and shop windows would be covered with cold, salty mist. The fronds of tall palms on Ocean, released from their winter wrappings just the week before, would be swaying in the heavy morning wind. 
God, I love this place in the off-season when it belongs to the locals.
Something wasn’t sitting right with Press, but it hadn’t come into focus yet. It will—it will.
“We’ve got a retired Navy man hearing and recognizing the shots as gunshots and calling 911 almost immediately after the shooting. Cops are on the scene within a couple of minutes of the shooting, so the scene is almost pristine, and yet the killer is gone, unnoticed.” 
Andrews paced briefly, stopped right in front of Evans and looked into the younger man’s eyes. “You believe in luck, Evans?”
“No, sir, I don’t!”
“Good answer, Evans. Good answer,” Press said, almost distractedly. “Let’s have one of these uniforms take your car back to the station. You can ride with me.”
“Where’re we going, sir?” Evans raised his voice since Press was already six long-legged paces away. 
“To break the news to the family and then to get some breakfast and lots of coffee, Evans. Damn,” he said, looking at his watch. “We’ll be waking them up this early,” he sighed. “But it’s got to be done. He wasn’t looking forward to this notification, and he had to give himself a little time to decide just how he was going to handle it. 
Damn, I hate it when work gets all tied up in my personal life and visa versa. It makes my life hell every time. Then he felt the pain hit his heart—I’m going to have to tell Steffi!
They’d make their visit to the victim’s home, where he knew a family probably was still innocently sleeping away the last peaceful bits of time they would have for a very long time—if ever.
“Oh, great,” Evans quietly said to himself more than to Andrews. “That’s going to be pleasant.” 
“Imagine how they’re going to feel, Evans.”
“Yeah, believe me, sir. I am.” Evans quickly stepped over to the responding officer, gave him his car keys and pointed the officer to his private vehicle.
Press watched as the officer saw the sporty red convertible—Evans’s college graduation gift from his parents—parked just outside the crime scene tape. The officer grabbed the keys, apparently eagerly willing to do a favor for the detective.
11
Virginia Beach
Day 1
5:30 AM
As the sun peeked into a sky of pink, gold and peach glow over the water, the unmarked car pulled up in front of the Roberts’ house—perhaps mansion would be a better word for it. 
Typical for this neighborhood, you didn’t find your usual idea of a mansion—no dark brick and high walls surrounding them. No, these were mostly wooden beach houses done on a very grand scale—twenty rooms or more, many with rooftop decks, complete with hot tubs and gardens. Some had well-manicured front lawns due to well-paid laborers who tended to them every day. Others might have more water-conservation-type beach gardens with palms of varying sizes and lots of stone and sand. 
The rear yards would contain pools, tennis courts and private beach access. There would be maids, butlers, cooks—all the help the lady of the house needed to handle her difficult responsibilities in Virginia society. Boats would be moored at the marina or the yacht club, both north of hotel row.
The car’s coughing, vibrating and stinking black smoke, announcing its obvious need for a valve job, caused Andrews a jolt of embarrassment. He dropped his head and banged it on his hands as they held a white-knuckled grip on the steering wheel. His leftover gas station coffee sloshed in the cup holder.
“I’m going to kill someone in that damned Motor Pool. Mark my words, Evans, someone is going to pay for this car being dumped on us!” he said, as he climbed out and the car sputtered once again and then fell quiet—at least for the moment.
“Yes, sir, I don’t blame you one little bit, sir!” The humor of a final tremor from the car leaving its impact on the senior detective sneaked through to the young cop’s voice.
“Are you laughing at me, Evans?” Press turned his angry face toward Evans just enough that one icy blue eye drilled through the young cop.
“Oh, no, sir!” 
“I didn’t really think so,” Press said, as he slammed the car door and stormed toward the house. “Damned thing’s loud enough to wake the…” He caught himself and reined in his temper. 
This poor family has more to worry them than a spitting, quaking, smoke-spewing car parked in front of their door. The last spit and cough and the Taurus died—at last.
Evans caught up with Andrews as he looked at his wristwatch—5:30 AM—then he took a deep cleansing breath and pressed the doorbell. 
The bell was very quickly answered by a maid—Press didn’t recognize her—in a very tidy grey uniform complete with white apron. He seemed to recall that the Roberts household didn’t hold onto their hired help for very long. If they had this poor woman up and working at this hour, he didn’t have to wonder why they had a constant turnover.
The two cops held their badges out for the maid’s inspection, and Press asked to see Mr. and Mrs. Roberts.
She opened the door wider, glanced at the disgraceful car in the driveway, and, frowning sourly, she admitted them. “Please wait here.” While she disappeared down the hall, the maid left them standing in the spacious foyer.
Evans whispered, “This entry is as big as my whole apartment.”
Press just grinned.
They soon heard the confident clicking footsteps of a woman’s Jimmy Choos on the rich wood floor. 
She’s up and dressed very early. 
She had to be Mrs. Roberts. About five-foot nine-inches, auburn hair—from a bottle, he suspected—her well-toned figure the result from a carefully observed exercise routine was carried with assurance, Mrs. Roberts was exactly what one would expect of a moneyed matron—well-dressed and well-maintained. His mother would have had something to say about the description, but it was what it was. 
He’d also be willing to bet that Mrs. Robert’s list of frequent contacts included a very good plastic surgeon and a personal trainer—perhaps a very personal trainer. George Roberts had a reputation as a womanizer; perhaps Mrs. Roberts shared that particular lack of respect for her marriage vows.
“Gentlemen.” She held out her well-manicured hand to Andrews. Her well-trained eye had decided that, despite his rough, unshaven appearance, he was the top of this particular two-man food chain. “Moira Roberts. How may I help you?”
“Mrs. Roberts. I’m Detective Andrews.” Nodding toward his partner, he added, “This is Detective Evans. Is Mr. Roberts at home?” He noted that she didn’t recognize him as the adult version of the tall, willowy teenager that had often accompanied his younger sister here all those years ago.
“No, I’m sorry. He’s in DC on business. Please, come into the sitting room and tell me what this is about, Detective Andrews.”
Press sent a silent message to Evans—I’ll take this. Evans seemed perfectly content to leave this to his senior partner.
“I hope we didn’t disturb you, arriving this early?” Press hoped this would elicit some information on what this woman was doing up, dressed and ready for her day at the crack of dawn. Up close, he could more easily spot the unrested eyes.
“No. Not at all, Detective. I have a breakfast meeting at the country club, and, since I am in charge of the arrangements, I thought I should get there a little early. One should never leave such arrangements to chance, should one?” she smiled patronizingly, as they entered the sitting room
“No, ma’am. I understand completely.” He wondered how often his mother had done that same thing over the years of committee work she’d done here before they moved to DC. Then he thought again of his mother and realized the similarities ended there—Rosemary Andrews was much kinder and gentler, more refined than Moira Roberts would ever be.
They sat, as directed by the stiffly polite Mrs. Roberts. It didn’t surprise him that she hadn’t recognized him. He didn’t think that in all the time he’d known Macy he’d seen Moira Roberts more than once or twice. He decided to conduct the interview as if she was a complete stranger—as she was, really. “Ma’am, you have a daughter, Macy?” Of course, he knew better.
“Macy is our niece, Detective—my husband’s younger brother’s daughter. Macy’s parents died in an automobile accident. She’s been living with us since she was just a young girl. I’m afraid she isn’t home either.”
Andrews didn’t miss the nervous hands quickly pulled into control. She’d been very cool and polite until he mentioned Macy’s name. Now she was fussing with the gold chain at her throat and both hands tensed to minimize their ever so slight quivering.
“Please, Detective, tell me what this is about. You are frightening me.” Now the quiver made its way into her voice.
“Mrs. Roberts, I’m afraid we have some very bad news.” He heard the sudden intake of breath and continued quickly with what he had to say. “Macy’s body was found early this morning.”
“Where? How? Please tell me what happened?” Mrs. Roberts was rapidly falling apart. Tears were now streaming down her face. The clasp to the chain she wore finally gave way and the chain fell to her lap. 
Andrews arose and asked Evans to stay with her. He stepped down the hall and found the maid, quietly gave her some instructions and returned to the sitting room.
“Theresa is bringing some tea, Mrs. Roberts. Is there anything else you would like?”
“No. Thank you, Detective. That was very kind of you. I’m sorry I fell apart. Macy is…oh my…was very special to us. She was my brother-in-law’s only child. Now we’ve lost them all.” Her voice faded away The lacy hankie she’d pulled out of her jacket pocket was now a limp and damp wad of cloth gripped tightly in her fisted hand.
The maid returned to the sitting room. Avoiding her mistress’s eyes, she left the tea service on the antique table between the sofa where Mrs. Roberts sat sobbing and the two very heavily stuffed chairs where the two detectives sat.
Familiar with the etiquette of the formal tea service, Andrews asked, “May I?” Upon receiving a brief nod from his hostess, whose hands now shook too badly to pour, he took over that duty for her. “The maid said you would prefer tea over coffee. I hope that was correct.”
“Yes, but perhaps you…”
“No, tea is fine with us, ma’am.” He continued serving although his partner’s nose was scrunching slightly as he took his first sip of the dark, hot liquid.
“Mrs. Roberts, would you like us to contact anyone for you? Perhaps you would like us to let someone at the club know that you will be unable to attend the breakfast?”
“No, thank you. When we’re done, I’ll call my husband. He won’t be able to return until tomorrow anyway,” she said, as she lifted her cup in her shaking hand. “I’ll let the committee chairman know…about Macy…after I leave a message for George to call me.”
A sip of the hot liquid seemed to calm her enough to go on. “My husband is in meetings with several ambassadors this week. Unfortunately, the Embassy staffs won’t disturb them until they recess for the night.” She suddenly seemed to realize how improbable this sounded. “I’ve grown accustomed to these things over the years. No matter how desperate the need, they don’t take messages to them unless the President of this country or theirs needs something.”
“What business is Mr. Roberts in?” he asked, as if it was idle curiosity.
“Import/export—George is the founder and CEO of RFT, International,” she explained.
 “I see. They must be meeting about something of great importance to restrict communication so severely,” Press commented nonchalantly as he took a sip from his own cup. She didn’t realize she was speaking to the son of a senator raised in DC politics and foreign affairs.
“Yes,” was her only response. Then Mrs. Roberts raised her chin and looked at him. “Please tell me what happened.”
“Mrs. Roberts, do you have any idea where Macy was last night or with whom?” Press dodged answering her questions. Unless Moira Roberts was as hard a woman as Press suspected, hysteria would probably set in once the details of the girl’s death were out in the open. He wondered how she would react to those details—that someone had coldly and callously shot Macy Roberts to death. Once that was all out in the open, he imagined he would stop getting valuable information. Therefore, he’d take his time.
Evans had his notepad out and was preparing to take down any information she shared.
“She went out to dinner with friends and dancing afterwards. She seldom came home early enough for us to see her. When she didn’t come down for breakfast, I thought she must be asleep in her room. I had no idea…” a sob interrupted her sentence, “…that she hadn’t come home until I went in to say goodbye,” The tears started to flow again.
“I understand, Mrs. Roberts. Please, just a few more questions before we go.” Press knew that he needed to avoid offending her—at least for now. “Who was she with last night?”
“I…I don’t know for certain. I assumed she was with the young man she’d been seeing lately. I…I’m afraid I don’t know his name. It was someone she met recently. I believe he’s in the Navy. Her best friend might know—Jennifer. She and Macy have been best friends since third grade,” she smiled, as some memory of the two girls crossed her mind. Then the smile quickly disappeared, as if reality had abruptly come back into focus.
“We’ll need Jennifer’s full name, address and telephone number before we leave.” The hair on the back of his neck was standing up already.
“Yes, of course. They’re just a couple of houses down the beach from here. The, uh…Wyatts…yes, Jennifer Wyatt.”
“Sebastian and Star Wyatt’s daughter?” Despite his attempt to brace for this possibility, his heart sank.
“Yes! You know them?”
“Sebastian and Star Wyatt have been friends of my parents for many years. I have their contact information, so there is no need for you to worry about that.” He could see her face change as she put the pieces of the detective’s connections together. Whatever Mrs. Roberts tasted, it apparently was not pleasant.
“It’s a small world, isn’t it?” Another sip of tea seemed to steady her again. She sat up a little straighter, continuing in what Press would only describe as upper-crust snobbery. “We’ve always protected her from the Navy riffraff that come to the beach in season, but I believe she met this young man at a party at the University. An officer’s son, I believe. I’m sorry; I can’t seem to think very straight right now. Jennifer may know more real information than we do. Macy is…was a very private young woman.”
Press wondered to himself, was Macy private or was she guarded?
“Please…tell me what happened to Macy.”
“She was shot, Mrs. Roberts.” He heard the harsh intake of her breath, saw it hit her and sink in. There was never an easy way to do this. He’d found over the years that quick and simple—the fewer details the better—was often the best way to get it done. They’d hear the details often enough—and in great detail—later. “We don’t know much at this point. It was very quick, Mrs. Roberts. She didn’t suffer,” not that she’d asked, he noted.
“We’ll need you to come to the Coroner’s Office in Norfolk to identify the body later this morning.”
“Of course,” Moira said, covering her eyes with that well-used hanky once more.
“Would you mind if we took a look at Macy’s room, Mrs. Roberts? It might help us figure out who she was with last night.”
“I…I think I should speak with my husband about that. I’m sorry…I’m just not thinking very straight right now.”
“That’s fine, Mrs. Roberts. We’ll come back another time.” He rose from his chair, followed immediately by Evans. 
“Thank you for your patience, Mrs. Roberts.” As he saw her start to rise, he added, “Please, we’ll let ourselves out.” He handed her a business card. “If there is anything we can do for you, please call me…day or night. And we may have some more questions later, but we’ll not bother you any further for now.”
“Thank you, Detective Andrews. I do appreciate your thoughtfulness.”
Andrews and Evans left the house, climbed into the car and, as they drove away, Andrews said, “Well, we have a real mess here, Evans.”
“A mess, sir?”
“Yeah,” Andrews’ tone was tense and frustrated. “Now we have a powerful uncle of the vic, an aunt who is hiding something. Why not let us into Macy’s room? Then there is a possible military connection besides the ‘witness’. We’re going to have to get a warrant to see the girl’s room—uncle’s too savvy to just let us in without one.”
“Just say your prayers that the new boyfriend isn’t involved in this.” Press sounded deflated, even to himself.
“Why is that, sir?”
“The Navy, Evans! The Navy. You haven’t lived until you’ve had to deal with the Navy. They can throw a real wrench into the works!” he growled.
12
Virginia Beach
Day 1
5:55 AM
As he turned the key in the Taurus’s ignition, he got the anticipated hit-and-miss, clunking response and the accompanying smoke plume. The car sputtered and spewed again until Press pulled up in front of another beachfront mansion just blocks away from the Roberts home. Turning off the ignition had the same result it had when he’d  turned it off the last time—every time, he fumed.
“What are we doing here, sir? This isn’t the Wyatt’s address.”
“Evans, you really do have to stop calling me ‘sir’! If we’re going to be partners—and it looks as if we are—we have to get to know each other, trust each other. Call me Press or Andrews—whichever makes you more comfortable.”
“Yes, si…Press. My friends call me Trace.” His face was reddening.
“As for why we are here—this is my home. I need a shave, a change of clothes and some food before we go into HQ—and a cup of decent coffee!”
“Your…wow—this is some house, si…Press.”
Press unlocked the front door and started to lead his gaping partner toward the kitchen, just as the housekeeper walked into the foyer. 
“Mr. Press, is there anything I can do for you before I run my errands?”
“No, Lizzie, you go ahead. Detective Evans and I will only be here for a short while. Is anyone else in the house?” 
“No, sir,” Lizzie answered discretely. She knew what he was really asking. “Palmer and Jones are out walking—they just left, so they won’t be back for another thirty minutes at least.”
“Okay, thanks, Lizzie.” Then he realized he had forgotten to introduce Trace. “I’m sorry, Lizzie. I’ve been rude. Let me introduce you to Trace Evans. Trace is my new partner.”
“Trace, this is Lizzie,” Press said, as he smiled at the small, wiry housekeeper. “Lizzie runs this place. Stay on her good side and you will eat the most wonderful things. Get on her bad side and you might get the business end of a broom,” he laughed.
“Mr. Press…” Lizzie started to argue with him.
“Nice to meet you, Lizzie,” Trace said, smiling at her as he held out his hand in greeting.
“Likewise, Mr. Trace.”
“You have a good day, Lizzie. I probably won’t be home until late—a new case this morning.”
“Yes, sir, I understand. I’ll leave a little something in the refrigerator for you—just in case,” Lizzie said, as she headed to the back of the house.
“Thanks, Lizzie.” Once she was out of earshot, he added, “She’s never failed to take care of me, no matter that I’m no longer that perpetually-hungry, teen-aged boy who stole food from her refrigerator every chance I got. It wasn’t until I went to collage that I figured out that she always stocked that thing especially for those raids and never really stopped me—probably just to keep my stealth skills sharp!” Press found himself smiling for the first time that day.
Just before he heard the front door close, he heard Lizzie shout, “Your favorite bagels are on the counter—cream cheese is in the refrigerator.”
“She never fails! Come on, Trace. First things first—let’s get a decent cup of coffee and some food,” Press said, as he led Trace to the kitchen. 
“Who are Palmer and Jones?” Trace asked casually, as he took in the size and layout of the house.
Press laughed as he located the can of Starbucks beans and filters. “Palmer is my butler, gardener, driver-when-needed and the official dog-walker-slash-guardian-of-all-the-dog-can-reach.” 
He grinned at the thought of Jones. “Jones is my one-hundred-eighty-pound-and-still-growing dog of unknown origin—part slobbery mastiff and, I suspect, part mammoth. When I adopted him at about eight-weeks, they said he’d top out at about one-thirty. He hit that at seven months and never looked back,” Press laughed. 
“We stopped weighing him more than once or twice a year. It’s embarrassing. His vet, Dr. Susan, says she’s not certain he really is a dog. She doesn’t fool me one little bit. She loves that monster of mine.”
“Why’d you name him Jones?”
“Because he’s always ready for his next fix of food—if we’re not very careful that’s usually something he can grab right off the table or the countertop in mid-preparation—mind you that’s with all four feet on the ground. He has a mouth designed to forage for a whole turkey!”
Press set out the bagels and dug the cream cheese out of the refrigerator.
“It’s a good thing Lizzie has a great sense of humor, very quick reflexes and a lot of patience or he’d be a furniture throw or lawn ornament by now,” Press laughed again, realizing Lizzie’s life hadn’t really changed much since he’d grown up after all.
Press noticed Trace taking in his surroundings while Press pulled mugs down from a cabinet. This kitchen was his other guilty pleasure. He had had it remodeled—worked on much of it himself—right after he bought the place. A professional chef would absolutely love what he’d done to it. Lizzie was over the moon!
“This is quite a house,” Trace said, as he took in the beach view from the French doors to a patio that led down to the pool and further to the sand. In the distance, a white-haired man in Bermuda shorts was throwing a Frisbee to something that resembled a small long-haired horse. 
Press knew exactly what was going through Trace’s mind as he spotted the pair on the beach. The man was built like an aged bodyguard who’d stayed fit. An ex-Marine and his dad’s bodyguard for many years, it was an apt description. As for the dog…could anything that big really be a dog? He caught himself before he laughed out loud.
“This was my parents’ summer home when I was growing up. They decided to sell it a few years ago and, since I’ve always loved it here, I decided to buy it.” Press told Trace.
Before Trace had a chance to react to what Press said, he added, “And no, I’m not on the take and I don’t sell drugs. My grandparents left me a nice big chunk of trust fund, so I can afford it.”
Trace appeared to be appalled. “I never would have thought such a thing, si…Press.”
Now Press was grinning at the kid. “Remember what I said about getting to know one another, trust one another, partner? Well, I’d just as soon get this side of my life right out there,” he said, as he nodded toward the huge house. “The subject of my family is not for discussion at work, is that understood?”
“Yes, sir…sorry…it’s a tough habit to break.”
“Had manners drilled into you from a small boy, I’d guess.” Press just grinned at him. 
“Yeah.”
“We have that in common. Probably one of the reasons the ‘sir’ grates so.” They stood there grinning at each other, understanding each other better than they had earlier in the day.
“I was fortunate enough to be the son of a U.S. Senator and to come from family with enough money to pay off the national debt—should they be so inclined.” When Press saw Trace’s mouth drop open, he just grinned.
“It’s okay, kid. I grew up as normally as my parents could manage. My family’s wealth has always been much more important to them than to me. I enjoy using it for things I consider worthwhile, but I earn my own way in life.”
“Now, let’s get that coffee and I’ll run upstairs and get rid of this,” he said, as he rubbed his hand over the thick black stubble that was fighting its way to the surface of his face. “I didn’t take time to shave before heading to the scene before 2:00 AM.”
“Would you like to use a guest room to clean up?”
Press saw that Trace decided quickly that he’d be an idiot to say no. He followed Press up the stairs and was shown to a guest room with a bathroom the size of his entire apartment.
* * *
A half hour later, Press—now freshly showered, shaved and dressed in tan Armani slacks with a pale blue long-sleeved shirt, a striped tie of darker blue and his dark brown Italian loafers—climbed back into the unmarked car. His newly showered and shaved partner was at his side.
“Where to now?” Trace asked.
Press’s jaws clenched together as he felt a pain in the heart that was more than grief for the young life lost in the night. “I have to make a stop before we head to the office.”
Trace asked no questions.
13
Virginia Beach
Day 1
6:20 AM
As the car laboriously made its way down the road, all was quiet inside. Pulling into the apartment complex that Trace recognized as off-campus housing for the university, he thought he knew why his partner was so out-of-sorts.
Press parked the pile of junk at the curb and turned to Trace. “Stay here. I won’t be long.”
Trace just nodded as Press unfolded that long, muscular body through the open car door. Meanwhile, the car put on its usual show for any bystanders, while Press growled.
* * *
Press headed up the sidewalk toward the familiar building. Steffi had lived here for the last three years, through her junior and senior years and now as a post-grad. The university offered a select few post-grad students the opportunity to stay here—at a premium rental that helped subsidize students unable to afford their own housing. Some deemed the price worthwhile just to be so close to campus—the recipients of the rental break were also appreciative.
The faded brick building’s wooden trim had peeling paint and was badly in need of repair. The blinds askew in the windows showed the lack of care from hard-studying, equally hard-partying students. The azaleas that flanked the sidewalk were struggling to stay alive; boxwoods planted where they should conceal the ugly building foundation had given up trying. 
Remember to contact the chancellor about a donation for building improvements and new landscaping, he thought.
Press climbed the typical apartment stairwell and could hear music playing too loudly in several of the apartments he passed on his way to the third floor. 
On the door of apartment 312, he saw the little flower wreath he’d given Steffi three Christmases ago. She was a feminine young woman, despite the sharp mind and determined personality. He had known when he saw the little wreath that she would love the girly do-dad, and it had been on her door ever since. 
When it started to fade from the pounding sunlight, she’d brighten it with pastel paints and delicate brushes so that it still looked fresh as the day she’d received it. She took good care of the things and people she loved.
He sighed, knocked and waited. Then he heard the huff through the door. Oh man, she isn’t going to make this easy. She really knew how to make him suffer. He found himself taking a step backward as he heard the knob turn.
“What are you doing here, Press?” She asked, absolutely refusing to allow him to see how glad she was to see him.
He wondered if she had any idea how truly beautiful she was, even standing there in a tee shirt and ragged shorts, a pencil tucked behind her ear. With her glossy black hair tied back in a long tail that trailed down her back, those long, long legs ending with narrow bare feet and toes painted a delicate pink—she was the prettiest girl he’d ever seen. Preston Andrews had seen quite a few pretty girls, but this one was his beloved sister; the one he’d desperately missed.
“Steffi.” He took a deep breath. “May I come in?”
“I’m still not speaking to you, Preston. I really think you should go,” she said, starting to turn to close the door in his face and knowing full well he wouldn’t let her get by with it.
“Boy, you aren’t going to cut me any slack are you,” he said, bracing the door against the palm of his outstretched hand.
Steffi folded her arms in front of her, just under the full breasts he now noticed were not confined by a bra. He turned away, as much to hide his blush as to prevent himself from seeing any more. “Geez, Steffi! Go put on a bra. I’ll wait here if you want.”
He knew she could see his discomfort and felt the color rising in his cheeks. She apparently couldn’t help feeling just a little smug—then, he saw her expression change to guilt. 
“Oh, damn you, Press. Come on in!” She stepped back and, when he came in, she closed the door behind him.
“Steffi, please! Go put something on,” he turned away from her again when her body reacted to the breeze from the fan in the small living room.
“My gosh! You’d think you’d never seen a pair of breasts before, Press.” There was a smug smile on her face as she went into the bathroom with a slight bounce to her step and closed the door. A few minutes later she came back into the living room—bra in place. “Now, what the heck are you doing here? It must be important to get you to come into the lioness’s den, especially at this hour.”
“Steffi, sit down.”
“Sit…Press,” she reeled on him, her heart hammering in her chest. “Are Mom and Dad alright? Has something happened to them? Damn it, Press! What’s happened?”
He took her trembling hand and guided her to the well-used sofa. Once they were seated, he broke the news. “Steffi, we found a body early this morning.” He saw her body stiffen as she braced herself. “It’s Macy Roberts, Steffi. She was murdered last night.”
The color drained from Steffi’s face and tears started streaming down those gorgeous cheeks. He felt his heart twist. “I’m so sorry, Steffi. I didn’t want you hearing about it on the news or from someone else. We just notified Moira about an hour ago.”
“Who…who killed her, Press?” Steffi sobbed.
“We don’t know yet. But, I promise you, Steffi, I will find out and, when I do, he’ll pay dearly.
She was wiping her eyes with the long tail of her tee shirt. Press pulled out his handkerchief and handed it to her. “I’m so sorry, Steffi,” he whispered.
Unable to continue with the punishment she’d been dealing to him, she reached for him and they hugged so hard that Press was afraid he might hurt her. 
Pulling back, he looked into her deep blue eyes. “I’m sorry for everything, Steffi.”
“So am I, Press. I know this is hard on you, too. Even though you hadn’t seen Macy in several years, it has to be hard to find someone you know…like that.” She wiped her swollen eyes again. “Can you tell me what happened?”
“Someone shot her. It was very quick, Steffi. She didn’t suffer.”
“Isn’t that what they always tell the family and friends…‘he or she didn’t suffer’? How does anyone know, really?”
“Steffi, I don’t want you to have that picture in your head.” Press was hugging her again. How he’d missed his sister. “I swear to you, she didn’t suffer—it was very quick.”
“Press,” she pulled back from him and looked into his deceptively icy blue eyes. “You have a warm, loving heart, and I can see you’re in pain, too—more for me than for Macy, I suspect. Press, haven’t you learned yet that you cannot protect me from life? I’m all grown up, Press. Can’t you just treat me like an adult?”
Press, you are walking a tightrope here! Recognizing that this was what got him into trouble many months ago, he had to make an effort to give her what she needed. “I know you’re an adult now, Steffi. But, don’t ever forget that you are my baby sister—even when you’re eighty—you’ll still be my baby sister. But I promise I’ll put more effort into treating you like the adult you really are.” He smiled, but his heart was twisting in his chest.
“I know what that cost you, Press.” She reached over and kissed him on the cheek. “Now, tell me what happened to Macy—and does Jennifer know yet?”
* * * 
An emotionally drained and exhausted Preston Andrews climbed back into the unmarked car. He sat back and just took a deep breath to pull himself together, unaware of the stare from his partner.
“Tough, huh?” Trace asked.
Jolted into the here-and-now, Press felt his pulse jump. Determined to pull himself together, he turned the key. “Yeah, you could say it was tough.”
“Where to now?” 
“Motor Pool—I’m on a mission, Trace!”
Press saw Trace settle in his seat and grin. Neither envied the Motor Pool one little bit! It was going to be an interesting morning.
14
VBPD Headquarters
Day 1
7:00 AM
As they drove downtown, Press thought about the things he’d learned about his new partner this morning. 
The kid had been a cop for less time than Press had been in Homicide, was an excellent shot, had studied hard and gotten a degree at a very young age. He came from a modest family that recognized the potential Trace’s IQ could offer him. They hadn’t approved of his desire to be a cop—he and Trace had that in common! 
Press knew Trace had been much liked by his supervisors on patrol who had highly recommended him to Chief Sullivan for promotion to detective. Sullivan had obviously agreed, and when there had been an opening, Lieutenant Wallace brought Trace into the detective squad. The kid had aced the test. 
His previous partner, Pat Finnegan, had retired the month before. Much to Press’s amazement, the Chief had personally asked him to take on Trace as his partner. Of course, the Chief knew this was an offer Press would not—could not—refuse. Once the Chief had Press’s agreement, he took the “suggestion” to Lieutenant Wallace. Like it or not—Press had had a new partner! 
Press found he did like the kid and had decided—somewhere during their conversation at the breakfast table—that he was a keeper. 
As they approached the entrance to the garage at Motor Pool, Press’s knuckles whitened on the steering wheel. When he shut off the car it shook, spewed smoke and died a long, slow, ugly death.
Press slowly and deliberately climbed out of the car. With Trace silently following behind, Press headed straight for the head of Motor Pool—Sergeant Pete “Dipshit” Perkins. They could hear the snickering sprinkled around the garage, but none were brave enough to show their faces.
“Perkins!”
“Andrews!” Perkins threw back at Press.
“You see that thing called an unmarked car over there, Perkins,” Press asked with his jaw so tight he thought it might pop.
“I see it—heard it, too,” Perkins calmly responded. A nasty grin spread on his face as he wiped his greasy hands on an even greasier rag.
Despite his upbringing, Press was hard put to remain nonviolent. He mentally pictured wiping that grin off Dipshit’s face.
“It’s staying here, Perkins. You can fix it, you can junk it! Hell—you can shoot it if you want to, but do not—I repeat—do not make the mistake of reassigning it. Not to me or any other cop, until it runs like a top—if that is even possible!”
The snickering around the huge garage went silent. Suddenly, everyone seemed to have a great deal to do and got busy doing it.
“You smart-assed peckerwood!” Perkins spewed. “Where do you get off talking to me like that? Let alone giving me orders!” Perkins, about five-foot-eight-inches tall, boxy at about two-hundred-fifty pounds—more than an ample amount of that centered at his waistline—now stood nose-to-nose to Press. The entire Motor Pool was as quiet as the morgue.
“I’ll tell you where I get off, Perkins! Any cop caught in pursuit of some perp is going to lose if driving that disaster-looking-for-a-place-to-die! That puts civilian safety at risk. It also puts any cop inside that car in danger of getting killed.” 
“Therefore,” Press said, as he grabbed Perkins by the shirt and pulled him in close, “since you made a point of assigning this piece-of-crap-car to me, I have to believe that you wish me and my partner some harm—and I take that very personally.” He shoved Perkins away and released his grip on the man’s shirt. 
“Add to all of the ‘above’,” Press added air-quotes, “you can lose your job for pulling something like this!”
Press lowered his voice to eliminate being overheard by the entire crew. “Now, unless you want our personal business spewed out like the smoke coming from that wreck, you will see to it that I get a decent unmarked assigned and the keys to me before the hour is out. If not, the Lieutenant and eventually the Chief are going to hear more than this car’s worth to you, Perkins. Do you understand me?”
Everyone in the garage was now watching—most had witnessed run-ins between Press and Perkins before, and they’d pretty much expected things to blow sky-high sooner or later. No one knew what brewed between the two and each was hoping that, in the heat of the moment, one of them might spit it out. Wagers had been made.
Perkins was over a barrel unless he wanted the whole department to know his personal business—which Press knew he definitely did not. Perkins backed down. 
“I hear you, Andrews—and as I wouldn’t want to bring any harm to your new sidekick here, I’ll see to it that you get a new ride.”
He stepped just an inch closer to Press’s face and dropped his volume and put more grit into his voice, “But let’s be clear on something else, Andrews. We have a problem, and it doesn’t end here!”
“No, it doesn’t, but it doesn’t belong on the job, Perkins.”
Press turned and walked away with Trace turning and following quickly. “What was that all about?” Trace asked.
“This isn’t the time or place. Let’s get to work!” Press growled and headed down the street towards HQ. Press was just plain pissed, and he had no intention of talking about it right now. He needed to calm down and think about whether or not he really wanted to share this with his new partner. He’d kept it to himself all this time, so why change things now?
They spent the next half-hour reviewing notes—had just decided that their next move should be talking to Jennifer Wyatt—when a mechanic from Motor Pool dropped off the keys to their new unmarked. The uncomfortable young cop said it was parked out in front of HQ.
When the mechanic left the room, Press turned to his partner with a smile on his face. “Well, Trace, let’s go see whether or not Dipshit values his life.” Press winked at his partner.
Trace grabbed his notepad, jammed it into his jacket pocket and followed Press at a quick pace.
“Press, sounds to me like this Perkins is pretty upset with you. Maybe you should just go to the Lieutenant and spill whatever it is anyway. The guy could cause you trouble at the wrong time and somebody could get hurt—like you told him. I understand the code, but…I mean if the guy’s dangerous, he deserves what he gets. Right?”
Press stopped just outside the front door and turned to Trace. “Look, Trace. I’m not certain that I want to share this problem about Perkins. It’s something kept between the two of us for some time now. Maybe it’s better left that way—at least for now. If he tries anything…well, I may have to go to Wallace.” When he saw agreement from his partner, he said, “Let’s just find the damned car.”
He matched the license number on the key’s tag to the dark blue Ford Taurus just to their left. He hit the “unlock” button on the key ring and noticed that, while he heard the locks click, the sound effect and blinking of the headlights were disabled. Better to keep the bad guys from knowing when you were getting in and out of your unmarked car—day or night! 
“Well, well! Not bad.” Taking a deep breath, he climbed into the driver’s seat, buckled up and turned the key while Trace went around to the passenger side and climbed in. “Now, let’s see how she runs!”
* * *
As they headed down Ocean Blvd., Press explained to him the old ties to the victim and her family’s to his—all of which were so old and distant that he had no problem with any conflicts of interest. He knew he would still have to have a discussion with the Lieutenant.
“I have a sister, younger by ten years—Stephanie—we call her Steffi. She’s the same age as our vic. They were friends of friends and often the foursome got together for…you know, girlie stuff—shopping, movies, boy-talk—the usual teenage girl things. I often walked her down to the Roberts’ house and spent time driving the girls here or there during the summer, since I was older.”
“Yeah, I’m familiar with big brother responsibilities. I’ve got a sister a few years younger, too,” Trace admitted.
“That’s where we went this morning. I had to see Steffi and tell her about Macy. Damn! That’s something I hope I never have to do again.”
“Were they still close?” Trace asked.
“Not really. She was closer to Jennifer Wyatt. They’re going to be leaning on each other. She’s promised not to call Jennifer until we notify her.”
“Steffi and I have had our own problems,” Press cringed. “Steffi was attending a dance at the University. I’d had some qualms about the guy she went with, so I followed the two of them that night.”
“You didn’t!” Trace shook his head confirming Press’s huge mistake.
“Yeah—that was just my first mistake. I was…um…staking out the guy’s car when I saw him put a move on Steffi. Well, what’s a brother to do? The young jerk was making a pass and I intercepted and scared the living hell out of the kid.” 
“Thing was, Steffi already had things well in hand—martial arts classes from the time she was nine. After I made an idiot out of myself, I drove Steffi straight home.” He caught himself grinning and then grimacing at the memory.
“Ouch! I’ve got a kid sister, too, and I have to tell you that they can be downright terrifying, especially when they’re emotional.”
“Tell me about it. It was over a year ago and she still wasn’t talking to me unless our parents were around—until today. They knew something was up, but neither of us was talking.”
“Yeah, you were probably good for another two or three years of silence—not always a bad thing.” Trace turned and looked out his window as Press started laughing.
Then the laughter stopped. “Macy’s death has me forgiven—for now. Telling her was one of the hardest things I’ve ever had to do.” 
The two were silent as they arrived at the beachfront home of Jennifer Wyatt’s family. Another impressive property from old money, the Wyatt home had well-kept landscaping on the street side. No telling how much earth they trucked in all those years ago to get the soil good enough for all that green. Even thirty years ago—and all the water and tending over the last thirty years to keep it this lush and green—this landscaping had to be worth a fortune.
“Then there’s this…,” Press sighed, dreading the next few minutes.
“I’ve never been in so many mansions in one day,” Trace said as he looked at the house in awe.
“Stick with me, kid!” Press laughed. “Stick with me!”
15
Virginia Beach
Day 1
8:30 AM
Press’s money and that of his parents had always just been a matter of fact—not something that he felt entitled him to any special treatment. 
His parents had brought him up well, he knew. He was taught good manners from the very beginning. His father taught him to respect women; his mother to appreciate them. He’d had the best schools, had his college degree in two years; his masters by the time he was twenty-two.
However, along with the privileges, his parents had expected him to do something in life to pay back for what his life offered him. They just had not agreed on what that path should be. They’d wanted him to go into the Diplomatic Corps, politics—something, anything prestigious. But, young Preston Andrews was a determined kid—he’d wanted to be a cop since he was eight. 
He didn’t use his money as a weapon or a wedge to get his way—it was just there, if and when he needed it. One thing his background did for him was to give him an inside track on how the very wealthy thought; what their true values were; how they handled certain situations. It had prepared him for Moira Roberts that morning, but he wasn’t certain anything was going to prepare him for this next interview.
Press rang the front doorbell and another prim, proper maid answered the door. “Master Preston! Good morning. It’s good to see you,” she said sweetly.
“Good morning, Grace. Is Miss Jennifer at home?” Press hit her with one of his thousand-watt smiles. Like Lizzie, Grace still saw the awkward teenager, not the grown man and tough detective.
“Yes, sir, Master Preston.” Grace was blushing but smiling at the visitor. “Please come in. Have a seat in the sitting room, and I’ll go get her for you.”
“Thank you, Grace.” He headed for the sitting room where he had spent many hours during his sister’s adolescent and teen years. Steffi and Jenny had been friends for many years—not best friends, which would have been Macy for Jennifer and Samantha Saunders for Steffi. 
As family friends, the Saunders, Wyatt and Andrews families had spent considerable time together. The Roberts had not had that closeness with the other families—or anyone else that he was aware.
“Press!” Jennifer Wyatt, a striking girl with sun-streaked, light brown hair, dark eyes, skin like peaches, and a voice like music came rushing into the room. Reaching for Press, she hugged him tightly. 
“Oh, how I’ve missed you! How have you been?” At approximately five-foot three-inches tall, she had to stand on tiptoes to kiss his cheek as Press leaned over to make contact possible.
“Jenny, you look wonderful,” he said, as he straightened and turned her toward Trace. “Jennifer Wyatt, this is Detective Trace Evans, my partner.”
“Miss Wyatt,” Trace blushed again and shook hands with her.
“Detective.” She smiled back at Trace.
“So, Press, is Steffi talking to you yet?” Jennifer laughed. 
Press cringed and Trace covered his grin behind his fist as he faked a cough.
“Actually, we have reached a truce, Jen.” He smiled briefly. Then the smile vanished, and he saw her notice the change. “Jenny,” Press sobered, as he brought the subject around to the purpose of their visit. “We’re here on business—police business.”
“Really?” He saw hesitation and then fear in her eyes. “I have a feeling we’d better sit down. Please,” she motioned to the large over-stuffed sofas that sat on opposite sides of the massive fireplace on the room’s long wall. 
“What’s this about, Press?” She knew her parents were okay—she’d spoken to them by phone just fifteen minutes ago—tucked away in a New York luxury hotel to celebrate her mother’s birthday.
“Have you spoken to Mrs. Roberts this morning?”
“No. Why do you ask?” 
Press could see the concern start to well up in her eyes. “Jenny,” Press leaned forward toward her, “there is no easy way to do this. Macy Roberts was killed last night.” He watched her carefully as the shock set its place on her pretty face. As it hit, tears streaked down her cheeks.”
“Oh, Press! How can that be? Surely there is some horrible mistake! Please, you have to double check, Press. Here,” she said, as she rose and nearly ran to the table in front of the window, grabbed a picture frame and came right back to him.
“You haven’t seen her for years, really. She has blossomed since you’ve seen her and done her hair blonde. Here she is with me last summer,” Jenny’s shaking hand thrust the frame in front of Press.
He looked at the photo of two beautiful young women dressed in sundresses, beautiful and fresh faces enjoying themselves at a garden party. All the while he stared at the photo, the knowledge that one of them would never fall in love, marry, have children, enjoy success or happiness nearly broke his heart.
Quietly, he looked up from the photo and said, “It was Macy, Jenny. I’m so sorry!” He stood and grabbed her as her knees started to buckle, then he held her while she cried it out. Finally, she pulled away from his arms.
“I’m sorry, Press. She was my best friend—my very dearest friend,” she repeated quietly, as she returned to her seat across from the two detectives. “What happened?”
“Someone shot her last night, Jenny.” He paused and let it sink in for her. “Do you know who she might have been with?”
“No.” Jenny’s eyes were now glazed from the shock. “She…she called me yesterday morning. We were going to have lunch, but I remembered a paper I needed to finish before class today and I cancelled. Oh, God, Press! If I’d kept that lunch date, she might have told me what her plans were!”
“Jenny, did Macy have a boyfriend—someone special in her life?
Jenny sat still for a moment. “I think so. As best friends, we told each other everything! You know how girls are,” she giggled with a touch of hysteria in her voice. “But there was something she wasn’t telling me. I didn’t push her—knew she’d tell me eventually. She always did. Now…” 
“Did she ever mention anyone you hadn’t heard of before?”
She thought for another moment. “Yes, she did. We were at Lynn Haven Mall about a month ago—a movie and window-shopping, you know? We saw this gown in the window of that little formal shop up on the second level—my brain is a total blank right now, I can’t think of the name of the place. Anyway, she got so excited about it. She said, ‘David would love that!’” 
She looked up at Press, “I asked her, ‘Who is David?’. But all she did was smile at me and change the subject.”
“David. Anything else you can think of?” Press hated drilling the girl at a time like this, but he had to focus on Macy now, not Jenny.
“No, I’m sorry, Press. My mind is so foggy right now, I can’t think straight.”
“You’re in shock, Jenny. You need to get food into your body and rest. If anything else comes to you later, just call me. Okay?”
“Yes. Yes, I will, Press. You mentioned her aunt. She knows then?”
“Yes, we told her early this morning.”
“I’ll call her later—see if there is anything I can do for her. I suppose George is out of town again.” 
She’d said it in such a nasty tone that it took Press by surprise. Jenny had never had a mean bone in her body. “Yes, he is, as a matter of fact. Why do you ask, Jenny?”
“Something wasn’t right there, but she never explained it. Whatever it was, she was not about to talk about it—ever! It drove her crazy how often he left her aunt alone. Business always came before her, before his family.”
“Do you think he’d been abusing her—or perhaps the aunt?”
“Oh, no. I think she would have told me that. She would have known I would help her—Mom and Dad would have helped her! No. It was something else—something she couldn’t share, even with me.” She looked up at Press as they stood again. “Maybe she didn’t share as much with me as I thought.” She sounded so sad.
“Oh, I think she did, Jenny, but everybody has something they want to keep absolutely private for some reason or another.” Press gently squeezed her arm.
“Jenny, if you think of anything else or if there is anything you need—please just call me. I’m here for you!” Press said, as he hugged her again and handed her one of his cards before leaving.
When he and Trace got back into the car, Press turned to his partner. Did you notice anything different between Mrs. Roberts’ reaction to the news and Jennifer Wyatt’s?”
“Yes. Jennifer Wyatt felt we had made a mistake—wanted us to be sure Macy was dead—was shocked at the idea! Mrs. Roberts was more concerned about how it happened—it didn’t seem to surprise her as much that it had happened,” Trace explained.
“You are right on the button, partner! You may make a detective yet,” he smiled at Trace and started the car. “And why is it that her best friend didn’t know about the boy friend, but the aunt did? Obviously, it wasn’t a close-knit family.” 
The rest of the morning was spent talking to wait staff at Jewish Mother’s, lunch of she-crab soup and sandwiches at the Purple Cow, a walk-by of the scene in the daylight, a stack of paperwork and a trip to the morgue to speak with the ME.
16
Norfolk, VA
Day 1
1:30 PM
Gladys Williams was the Chief Medical Examiner for the Tidewater Branch of the Virginia State Coroner’s Office in Norfolk and had been with the coroner for nearly twenty years. 
While she reported to the State Medical Examiner’s Office in Richmond, she had refused promotion to stay in Norfolk where her family lived. She was an acknowledged expert in her field and had worked on dozens of cases assigned to Press. 
Gladys was proud to be the first black female ME in Virginia, and she was a personal favorite of Detective Preston Andrews. 
At about five-foot-two-inches, she was almost as round as she was tall, with a mop of black dreads that stuck out in every direction when not tamed by her surgical cap. Her huge black eyes smiled as easily as the heavily-glossed, generous mouth with which she had been blessed. 
Her wit and interest in a wide variety of topics made her very popular with her colleagues. As a person, she was loved and admired by everyone who knew her, and her outrageous sense of humor was easily provoked.
“Hi, Doc!” Press said to the ME, as he and Trace walked into the examination room where Macy Roberts’ autopsy was in progress.
Gladys Williams stood hands on hips and dressed in her favorite bright red scrubs—she’d refused to wear the drab surgical green for years, and no one would think to argue with her. Today’s selection—this changed daily—was of little purple do-dads clipped in her expansive hair-do. Her raspy voice boomed out in the exam room. “Hello there, handsome! I wondered when you and Super Boy would be in to see me.”
“Super Boy?” Trace asked as he reddened to full blush. 
Press grabbed a stool and sat down to laugh before he could collapse. The morning had left him emotionally and physically drained. Gladys was just the right medicine to relieve the strain.
“Yeah, sweetness. Didn’t you know that’s what they’re calling you?” Gladys said, obviously enjoying his reaction. 
“Oh, man!” Press, tears now running down his chiseled jaw, was still laughing. “Gladys, that’s priceless! I hadn’t heard that one yet.”
Gladys was grinning from ear-to-ear and Trace, red-faced, waited for her explanation.
As she took her hands off her knees and pulled herself together, she said, “Oh, man. That’s the best laugh I’ve had all week! Honey, they call this here hunk,” she nodded toward Press, “Super Dick—not for the obvious reasons.” She winked at Press. “But because he can solve damned near anything! So it follows that his new, young sidekick would be Super Boy!”
“Oh, great!” Trace said under his breath. His blush almost matched that of his partner.
“You wouldn’t prefer Little Dick, would ya?” she asked.
“No!” Trace’s face was now as red as Gladys’s smock.
“Don’t worry about it, partner—at least yours can’t be misunderstood. The less you fight it the faster it’ll die down,” Press really tried to get his laughter under control. “Believe me, they can call you a lot worse—and probably will before your career is over! Everybody worth a damn around here has a nickname.”
“Yeah,” Trace gulped. “Like Dipshit?”
Gladys hooted. “So he got to meet Perkins, heh? Heard ya’ll had a run-in with him this mornin’.”
“That was fast! You never miss anything, do you, Gladys?” Press now had himself back under control, and he was feeling much better than he had when he’d entered the morgue.
Trace couldn’t resist asking, “What do they call you, Gladys?”
She smiled at the kid with an I-know-everything smile and one hand perched on her ample hip and answered, “Iron Maiden.” 
She offered no explanation, and Trace sure as hell wasn’t going to ask for one.
“Well, Gladys, back to business.” Glancing over to the table, Press’s demeanor sobered, and he nodded toward the body. “What have you got on Macy Roberts?”
“I just finished with her.” Gladys’s voice lowered as she moved over to the table and drew back the sheet covering Macy. The pretty green eyes were now closed, the lovely well-styled blonde hair was no longer shiny or well-styled, her beautiful porcelain skin was now a very pale green-gray and perforated by two round holes—one between the eyes, the other in the throat. 
Rigor had come and was now gone. A good mortician would have an easy job of making her a beautiful girl for display, despite the way she died, Press thought sadly.
“Too damned young, Press. Somebody dispatched her very coldly and very quickly.” Gladys directed Press’s attention to the wounds as she explain, “The first shot was the one in the throat—aimed downward and lodged in the spine. It was followed very quickly by the one between the eyes. That one went out the back of the skull, but since she was already dead, blood loss was minimal.”
“She probably hadn’t had time to even react to the first shot when the second one was fired. Not that she could have—that throat shot severed her spine.”
“Both shots were so up close that any debris went behind her—you can see the powder burns.” Gladys showed them where the nine-mil slug severed the spine. “If she did survive a few seconds, she certainly didn’t feel anything when the second one hit her.”
“That second one was a through-and-through to the brain.” Gladys rolled Macy over and showed them the exit wound in Macy’s skull. “She was completely helpless after that first shot. Our shooter just laid her down on the sidewalk and kept on going.”
The room had gone absolutely silent except for Gladys’s commentary.
“The skull shot ruined the slug—CSI found it on the sidewalk. The throat shot can be compared, if you find the weapon.” 
“There’s a small bruise on her left shoulder,” she said, as she carefully rolled the body just far enough for Press and Trace to see the small round bruise. “Somebody grabbed her tight enough to leave a mark.”
Press looked closely. “There’s some sort of impression, but it’s too faint to make out.” He straightened up and looked at Gladys. “Maybe a ring or button? Or a cuff link?”
Tsking to herself, she laid the body flat again. “We took photos. State Forensics has them now. If they can get any better detail, they’ll let you know.”
“Could it be linked to that broken strap on her dress?” Press asked.
“Hum.” Gladys thought briefly and then moved toward Trace.
“Here, Super Boy. Put your hand on my left shoulder and place your fingers to match the marks on our young lady’s.” Gladys turned herself so that he could position his fingers appropriately.
Trace hesitated slightly, and then did as instructed. This caused him to place his body alongside Gladys’s to prevent awkwardness in his arm position.
“I’ll be damned,” Press quietly swore. “Our killer had his left arm around her shoulder and gripped her so hard that it left bruises, as well as that imprint, and caused the strap on her dress to snap.” He looked again, more closely this time, at the bruises on Macy’s shoulder.
“Killer was an idiot, if you ask me,” Gladys offered with disgust in her voice.
“How so?” Press asked.
“Could easily have shot himself in the arm with that first shot. If it hadn’t lodged in her spine, that is.”
Press thought about this, and had them demonstrate the hold again. “You’re right! Gladys, can you tell if this was a small man or a woman?”
“No…with the trajectory of the chest shot, it could have been either a woman or an average-sized male. No fingernail impressions, so the nails would have been clipped short.”
“Well, whoever it was, the killer was smaller than either Trace or me, but from the position…I’d say taller than Macy.” He reached over and placed his fingers on the bruises, and his hand was slightly bunched up rather than spread out.
“Yeah, no more than five-ten—vic had higher-than-normal heels on those shoes of hers. And strong,” Gladys added. She exhaled another frustrated sigh at the thought of a beautiful young woman having her life snuffed out this way.
“Nothing under her nails, no broken nails. Even though her panties were in place, we did an exam on her. No sperm but she had had intercourse within the last twenty-four hours—probably used a condom. No signs of rape.”
Press and Trace looked at each other and back at Gladys. “You running a tox screen?” Press asked.
“Done—should be back tomorrow. Seems the Chief called the head of the lab and put it in front of the line. I’ll call you as soon as I get the results.”
“The Chief?”
“Yeah. Somebody pulled some strings,” she said, smiling wisely.
“Well, Trace, let’s go see what the Crime Scene crew got from the car.”
“Thanks, Gladys!” Turning to Trace, Press slapped him on the shoulder. “Come on, Super Boy. After we check with CSI, we can get some dinner—my treat. It’s been a long day.” He would have sworn he heard a low growl from the slightly green cop.
“Bye, boys!” Gladys bade them farewell as she frowned down at what little was left of Macy Roberts, and then respectfully covered her again before putting her in a drawer. “Too damned young!” she said again quietly.
17
Virginia Beach
Day 1
8:00 PM
A very weary Detective Andrews got home about 8:00 PM and desperately needed a run to release his tension. As he entered the house, he found himself greeted by Jones, who put both huge, furry front paws on Press’s shoulders and the huge tongue slurped a big wet kiss on his face before Press could protect himself.
“Ugh, Jones! What have I told you about all this kissing stuff? Yuk. Have you been eating fish again? Huh?” He ruffled both hands through the shaggy coat that covered the big animal’s head.
“Glad you never talked to me like that,” a laughing female voice came from the stairwell to the bedrooms.
He had been physically braced against Jones’s onslaught, but emotionally unprepared for hers. 
“Oh, hi, Sherry. What are you doing here?” He saw her tense and damned himself for being caught by surprise.
The perky little blonde made her way toward Press and managed to boot the dog far enough away with her knee that she could reach up and get a friendly kiss of greeting from Press.
She ruffled the big dog’s head and shoulders until he moaned. “I didn’t mean to intrude. I left a couple of things and stopped by to pick them up. I heard you were on a case and thought I could come and go without disturbing you.” 
“Got a call at 2:00 AM—been at it ever since,” he answered. 
“Have you had dinner yet?”
“Yeah, my new partner and I grabbed a bite on the way home so we could talk over the case. I’m going for a run to unwind…if you want to come along?” He hoped not. He really wanted some time alone to sort things out in his head.
“No thanks. I don’t want to get my system revved up this close to bedtime.”
Press came back downstairs a few minutes later wearing his favorite ratty, old running clothes—faded blue sweat pants and Virginia Beach tee so faded that the decal was now next to impossible to read. He headed for the beach access off the back deck of the house and found Sherry sitting on the deck.
“Beautiful night—a little cool though.” She took a deep drink from the snifter she held in her hand. He recognized her favorite wine. “Press, do you mind if I wait for you to get back? We need to talk.”
Every man on the face of the earth hates to hear that phrase, he thought. It’s never good news! “Okay. You alright?”
“I’m fine. I’ll see you after your run,” she said as she rose from her chair, kissed his cheek, and went into the house to load the small boxes of her belongings into her car while he was gone.
When he stepped down into the sand, he turned and used the deck stairs to help him stretch, then he headed north on the firm, damp sand where the waves had been surging and ebbing. 
When he was in the mood, he could run all the way north beyond “hotel row” to the breaker where the old Lighthouse Restaurant had been before it was demolished by one of the hurricanes that swept over the coast several years before. Since it was late for a run tonight, he planned to turn around at the old Coast Guard Station. It was still a long run but he really needed some time to think—and Sherry was waiting for him. 
Running always helped. Grimacing as he ran, he wondered if “running” was Freudian in this case. Being a coward certainly didn’t help his mood. He’d been surly and downright unpleasant with his new partner the last few days. They’d made a lot of progress today. 
That’s more than he could say for breaking things off with Sherry. Yes, she’d moved out. No, he hadn’t quit seeing her. His guilt had been the source of several lunches and dinners over the last few weeks since she’d moved out. There had even been a couple of…well, he wouldn’t let that happen again.
He’d helped Sherry find a new apartment—helped with the moving. He had dreaded hurting her. He’d thought there would be tears—there were always tears with women. Women could rip your heart out with nothing more than their damned tear ducts, and he resented it! But Sherry had been stoic throughout the process, and it shamed him.
For the duration of his run, the only thing resolved was his bone-weary feeling left over from the Macy Roberts case and a mind drained of every rational thought he’d ever had about Sherry.
As he approached the house, he saw the dim light from the kitchen spreading gently across the deck. Sherry was waiting for him on a lounge chair on the deck. He felt like King Louis heading to the guillotine! Well, he’d man up. He deserved whatever she had planned for him.
“Let me grab a quick shower, and then we can talk.”
“Fine.” Familiar with his routine, she agreed without looking up from her snifter.
He stopped and stretched, then climbed the stairs and took off his sandy running shoes before entering the house. Lizzie would shake them off and put them away when they dried tomorrow.
He grabbed a bottle of water from the wet bar fridge and headed upstairs. No, sir, he thought. This is not going to be good!
Five minutes later, he slipped on his robe and headed back downstairs. Stepping out onto the deck, his wet hair still somewhat unruly, he leaned a muscular hip against the doorjamb. “You still want to talk?”
“Yes, Press. I do. Come on over here and sit by me,” she said, patting the arm of the lounge next to hers.
He did as she asked and sat next to her. She reached for his hand and took it in hers.
“Such strength in this hand,” she mused. “And in this mind and heart. But you still can’t say what you need to say, can you, Press?”
“Sher…”
“It’s okay, Press. I’m not going to yell, cry or throw things. You gave it a good try—we both did. But I’m a smart woman—you’ve told me that often enough haven’t you?” She tried to give him a smile, but it never quite reached her eyes.
Press smiled at her. “It’s true.”
“Why has it been so difficult for you to tell me what you need, Press? Was I that difficult to talk to?”
“No, Sherry!” He added his other hand to the pair already grasped tightly together. “I just didn’t know how to say it without hurting you. That really was the last thing I ever wanted to do.”
“You really are one of the sweetest, kindest men I’ve ever known, Press, and I love you. You know that. But, one-sided love isn’t enough for me. I deserve more. I’m letting you go, Press. I have to…for my own good.”
“I understand. I’m so sorry to have hurt you.”
“I know you are. I also know that remaining your friend, for now, is more than I can handle. You see, right now I’m calm, logical… reasonable. I want us to end that way. If I don’t make a clean break—well, it’s just better we get it over with now.”
“Sherry, I love you, too. I was thinking about it tonight while I was running. I just don’t love you the way that you need and deserve. I feel so damned cliché!”
A humorless laugh escaped her pretty mouth. “There is nothing cliché about you, Press! Whoever she is—when you finally find her—she’s going to be one very lucky woman. I am truly sorry that it wasn’t me.” 
He saw a single tear slide down her right cheek. “Now, be a good boy and go on upstairs while I get the last of my things and leave.”
He lifted her hand to his mouth and kissed it gently, went into the house and up the stairs. 
She moved into the foyer, picked up her light-weight jacket and handbag.
As he walked down the hall to his bedroom, it occurred to him that she was much stronger than he’d ever been—and he heard the front door close.
Some tough cop you are. You knew she was right—hadn’t you said the same things to yourself earlier? Why then, why do you have a lump the size of a grapefruit in your chest?
18
Virginia Beach
Day 2
7:30 AM
He awoke alone, staring at the vaulted ceiling above his king-sized bed, and heard the sound of waves lapping against the shore. Nothing gave him a better night’s sleep than leaving the windows open to the sounds of the ocean. Without them, he knew he never would have drifted off last night.
Climbing out of the bed, he put on the robe he’d left on the chair the night before and reached for the bedroom door. He went down to the kitchen for a cup of coffee. The house was quiet. She’s gone—really gone now.
Upstairs again he took a quick shower, dressed in a lightweight suit. Then he slowly moved back downstairs to get more coffee. Lizzie already had another pot brewing; Perkins and Jones were on their morning romp. 
He poured a cup, added cream, grabbed a bagel and toasted it. A little cream cheese and quick gulps of hot brew, and he was ready to face the day. At least I don’t have to face that damned car, he laughed to himself.
He eased off Laskin onto the 264 and headed downtown to HQ. The car was running like a top. He wondered what Dipshit would pull next? 
As he entered the office, he found Trace already sitting at his desk pouring over his computer. He sat down at his desk just in time for Lieutenant Wallace to reach him.
“Andrews.”
“Sir.”
Lieutenant Wallace was an aging cop to whom the years had not been particularly kind. Average in height, he was less than average in weight. His hair had more yellowed than grayed, there were bags under his light brown eyes, and the scar on his cheek was a constant reminder of his time as guard for the holding tank early in his career. He always reminded Press of a caricature of a bloodhound—a much beloved bloodhound. 
Today’s tan suit was wrinkled—it was rumored Mrs. Wallace had moved out a month or so ago—and he looked like he hadn’t been sleeping well. Despite his appearance, Bill Wallace was now and always had been a damned good cop and he was well-respected by his men.
Wallace held out his hand. “The ADA dropped this off this morning. Search Warrant for the Roberts residence, the victim’s computer—the entire contents of her room. Family spaces are out. That should suffice for now.”
“Yes, sir. That should do it. We’ll head out right away.” He remembered thinking someone was pulling strings. Here it was again. They had yet to try to convince a judge that a warrant for the victim’s home was necessary—yet, here was a warrant—signed, sealed and delivered.
Trace and Press immediately left for the Roberts home. There had to be a reason why Moira Roberts had been so hesitant to let them check out the girl’s room. He just hoped that whatever that reason was, it wasn’t gone by now.
* * * 
Moira Roberts had not been happy about having to admit them for the search. She had adamantly told them that Mr. Roberts would be even less so.
The girl’s room was pretty typical for a wealthy young woman’s taste. The furniture was rich dark wood with feminine curves and carvings; the bedding was pale-blue silk, feminine without being frilly. A lovely, thick powder-blue Aubusson rug lay at the foot of the bed. 
There were crystal bottles and pots of feminine smells, powders, paints, and a variety of small brushes with long silver handles and sable tips. 
Unfortunately, they would disturb everything in the room, the closet, the attached bathroom—nothing would be quite the same when they left, no matter how hard they tried—and, yes, he had to admit to himself that his knowing the victim made him all the more careful not to leave her belongings any more disturbed than was absolutely necessary.
Trace worked on the dresser drawers as Press started in the walk-in closet. Trace dumped the dresser drawers and checked the bottoms to assure nothing was taped to them. Nothing had any sanctity when it came to a search—not even the lingerie drawer.
The mattress was lifted from the box springs, sheets removed—luscious soft satin that still smelled of her personal scent and perfume—that lovely French fragrance that had lingered on her body.
Trace bagged and tagged her snow-white laptop. The computer guys would scour it with a fine-toothed comb after it was fingerprinted.
Trace had now moved to the luxurious bathroom and was going through all those pots of creams and scents, boxes of personal items—that didn’t bother him after growing up with a sister—all the girlie stuff that kept a woman locked up in there for hours at a time.
Press searched the expansive shelves above rack after rack of clothing. He was removing a fortune’s worth of shoes—Manolo Blahniks, Jimmy Choos, and almost every other designer shoe he could think of—from the compartments built into the far end when he found it.
He pulled the rolled photograph from behind her fluffy white satin mules that she undoubtedly wore with the white silk robe he’d seen in the bathroom. He carefully unrolled the photographic paper and looked into the beautiful face of Macy Roberts in a long, flowing gown and her smiling companion. He found the signature on the back. 
“Macy & David 10/23/09”
Now they knew what he looked like, and, in his dress whites, he was Navy. Damn! Press moved to the doorway of the closet. “We’ve got him!”
“What?” Trace asked, as he looked up from the contents of the last dresser drawer. “What did you find?”
“A photograph of the lovely couple. First name is indeed David and he’s wearing dress whites. We’ll have to go to Norfolk.”
They finished their search but didn’t find any additional clues to David’s identity. Clothes were returned to drawers, if not neatly. The bed was put back together but the bedding would be left for the maid to handle.
Once they were back outdoors, Press pulled out his cell phone. It took a minute for the call to go through. “Admiral Poindexter, please. Yes, Preston Andrews—Senator Andrews’ son. Yes, thank you!”
Two more intermediaries and the next voice was that of a curious Admiral Poindexter.
19
Washington, DC
Day 2
9:00 AM
“Bob, we’ve got trouble.”
He recognized that tone in her voice. “What happened?”
“Macy Roberts, the niece, was murdered last night. Shot to death in Virginia Beach. No witnesses.”
“Damn!” His displeasure at the news was more than the case. The girl was so young. What a waste. “Local police are going to be all over this one. When do we leave?”
“I’ll meet you at the airport in an hour.”
20
Norfolk Naval Station
Day 2
10:30 AM
The Admiral had arranged an escort from the main gate. They parked the unmarked car in the Visitor Center’s parking lot. Their escort, a tall, straight, no-nonsense sailor of around nineteen years in age—if that—drove them to the Admiral’s building. Their escort took them inside and direct to the Admiral’s office. Then, the escort discretely disappeared, and the Admiral’s aide, Lieutenant Foster took over.
Foster, a rather average-looking, middle-aged man with typical military bearing took them into the Admiral’s office where the visitors were introduced.
“Tell me why you’re here Detective Andrews.” The Admiral’s deep voice matched the forcefulness of his stature and position. His six-foot frame, despite the age that had turned a thick head of hair as white as snow, was strong, ramrod-straight and impressive. 
He didn’t have to raise the volume of his deep baritone voice to make one take note of every word he uttered. Press could understand how he’d gotten where he was. This was a man oozing authority from every pore.
“Admiral, we have a dead twenty-two-year-old woman who was involved with a young sailor we cannot identify. We’re hoping you can help us find out who and where he is.” Press held out the photograph of Macy and David.
“This is the dead woman?”
“Yes, sir. We’re hoping this young sailor may be able to give us a lead in who would have wanted her dead.”
The Admiral looked carefully at the photograph. “It’s doubtful that I would know him—there are over sixteen-hundred sailors posted here, many more when the fleet is in.” Something crossed the man’s face as he stared at the photograph. “He does seem familiar to me, but I can’t quite…” the Admiral hit the intercom button on his phone. “Foster, come in here.” 
They didn’t have to wait but a few seconds. A command from the Admiral brought immediate attention. The aide stepped in, “Yes, sir.”
“Foster, take a look at this photograph,” the Admiral held out the photo. 
Foster took the photo and studied it closely.
“Is that Commander Olivette’s son? What’s his name…David?”
“Yes, sir! Ensign David Olivette. I believe it is,” the aide responded and handed the photograph back to the Admiral. “Looks as if they enjoyed the dance, sir.”
“The dance?” Press probed.
The aide looked at the Admiral as if asking if it was alright to answer questions. At the Admiral’s nod, he continued. “Yes, sir. The Admiral hosts a dance for all the young officers every fall. I recognize the decorations, since I oversaw the arrangements for the Admiral myself.”
“Where would we find David Olivette, sir?” Press hoped it wasn’t somewhere mid-Atlantic!
“Why don’t you wait here. Foster can have him located and brought here,” the Admiral offered.
“Thank you, sir.” 
“Set them up in an empty conference room, Foster,” the Admiral directed. “Show Detective Evans to the conference room while Detective Andrews and I have a few words in private.”
“Yes, sir.” Foster closed the Admiral’s door as he and Trace left the room.
“Now, Detective Andrews. Explain why you resorted to using your father’s name to get to me.”
“I do apologize for that, Admiral. Dad wouldn’t approve, I assure you, but in this case…well, a girl is dead. In the past, I’ve found it difficult to access information from Navy sources. You do tend to close ranks on outsiders, especially where criminal matters are concerned,” Press explained. 
The Admiral seemed to enjoy the honesty. He laughed a deep, hearty laugh. “Don’t we just? JAG gets a little possessive where our sailors are concerned. Military personnel are considered the property of the U.S. Government, so we don’t take it well when other agencies interfere with that property.” 
The laughter ended and the Admiral’s face once again held its stern, authoritative manner. “You do know that JAG will get involved if charges are brought, or in the event Olivette requests legal representation?”
“Yes, sir—of course!”
“Just how deeply do you believe our man is involved in this girl’s death?”
“As far as we know right now, Olivette was dating the victim. We have no reason to suspect that he was involved in her death, sir. Of course, that opinion could change at any time.” Press knew the Admiral was well aware of the possibilities. The killer almost always had a personal tie to the victim.
“You will advise me immediately, if that opinion changes.”
“Yes, sir.”
Admiral Poindexter looked down at the photograph again. “A damned shame, isn’t it—a pretty girl like this gone so young? The older I get, the younger they look—never gets any easier, does it?”
“Yes, sir, it is a shame, and we intend to find out who made her that way. As for getting easier, well…if it ever gets really easy, I guess we need to change jobs.” 
The Admiral looked Press in the eyes. “Yes, you’re right. Your father speaks very highly of you, Detective. You did a very thorough job on that case last year. I heard you were in the hospital for several weeks. Your father was very worried about you.”
“Yes, sir. I know he was.” Press absentmindedly rubbed his chest where the bullet had torn through his ribs and just missed his heart and lungs.
“If you run into any…road blocks…at our end, let Foster know. We’ll do what we can to clear them—within reason, of course.”
“I know Commander Olivette,” the Admiral continued. “If his son is somehow involved in this murder, it will break his heart. He has high hopes for his son—a lot of potential there.” The Admiral let out a deep sigh. “Sometimes potential isn’t enough.” 
“Sons don’t always meet their fathers’ expectations, sir,” Press replied.
The Admiral was well aware of the senator’s disappointment at Press’s choice of vocations. “True, but some fathers have unrealistic expectations,” the Admiral smiled at Press. Then the smile was replaced with a look of grim determination that Press felt must send shivers down a subordinate’s spine. 
“The Navy has a huge population and crosses every grouping you can imagine—good and bad. If a sailor is involved, he won’t get any special treatment. We’re a close-knit bunch, as you know, but even the best tree can have a bad apple or two. I don’t like them any more than you do.”
“Thank you, sir.” Press and the Admiral shook hands as Foster returned with word that Olivette had been located and an escort was bringing him to the Admiral’s conference room.
“Now, Detective, I need to get back to work. Good luck with your investigation.” The Admiral’s door closed behind him.
 * * * 
“Sir.” With his hat neatly tucked under one arm, back ramrod-straight, Olivette entered the room. 
“Have a seat Ensign Olivette,” Press’s bass voice swept through the large room.
Olivette moved to the conference table, placed his hat on the table in front of his chair and sat across from the two detectives.
Press saw a young man, approximately twenty-five years old, about five-feet-ten-inches, one-hundred-eighty muscular pounds, sandy brown hair cropped in a short military cut, brown eyes and clean-shaven. A fine example of a sailor, but Press didn’t quite believe that.
“I am Homicide Detective Andrews; this is my partner, Detective Evans. We’re here to talk to you about Macy Roberts.”
“Macy Roberts, sir?”
Press thought to himself, come on kid—try to tell us you didn’t know her. “Yes. You know Miss Roberts, Ensign?”
“Yes, sir, I did—briefly. We went out a couple of times last year. Is something wrong, sir?” Olivette turned his gaze directly toward Press. “You said ‘homicide’?”
“Yes, I did.” Press pulled out an autopsy shot of Macy Roberts. “You could say something’s wrong, Ensign.” He threw the picture down on the table in front of Olivette.
Watching Olivette carefully, Press saw absolutely no physical reaction to what he was seeing. “What does this have to do with me, sir?”
“When did you last see Macy Roberts, Ensign?” Press left the man’s question unanswered.
“Several months ago. She really wasn’t my type.”
“What is your type, Ensign?”
“Well, sir, how do I put this…she was still a virgin, sir. I really wasn’t interested in someone that…immature, sir.”
“Immature. So, if a girl doesn’t put out for you, you move on? Is that it, sailor?”
“Why not, sir? Lots of fish in a very large sea.” 
While others might have found Olivette’s smile charming, it struck Press as cold. “So what was the initial draw?”
“She had lots of money and looks but that was about all. We didn’t have much in common, really.”
Press had to rein in his temper, and he could feel the tension pour off Trace. “So you dropped her—when?”
“Like I said, sir, several months ago. Probably September? I don’t remember exactly.”
“Hum, September.” Press placed a copy of the photograph he found in Macy’s closet—dated late October—down in front of Olivette.
Olivette remained silent. “Sir, I’m going to invoke my right to representation.”
“You’re not under arrest, Ensign. Should you be?”
“No, sir!”
“Well, I can certainly see why you would be concerned. A young woman is murdered, and you’ve lied to the police about the last time you saw her. Apparently, you believe you have something to hide, Ensign. If you want a lawyer, we can certainly see that JAG provides one. Then we can finish this at VBPD headquarters.” Press stood up and started toward the door.
“Never mind, as long as we understand that I had absolutely nothing to do with Macy’s death,” Olivette stopped him.
“Well, I want you to be very certain of that. You do seem to be in a rather dicey position, Ensign.” Press knew the man had to be nervous, but not one drop of sweat could be seen, and Olivette’s hands were absolutely steady. Either he is completely innocent or the coldest son-of-a-bitch I’ve run into, Press thought. He knew which he thought to be true.
“I don’t see why, sir. I simply forgot about the dance. She was a last minute invite, as I recall. Didn’t have a date—I’d been busy and had forgotten all about the dance, sir. Not my cup of tea, really. But the old man, my father, expected attendance.”
Before Press could jump in, Olivette continued, “Oh, yeah, I remember now. I ran into her at a charity function her father’s company sponsored. It was better than going stag—so I invited her. It really wasn’t a very memorable evening; we called it a night early.”
“I see.” Press looked Olivette directly in the eye and asked, “Where were you between midnight and 2:00 AM yesterday, Ensign?”
“I was off base, sir. With a young lady,” Olivette smirked. “I prefer to keep her out of this, if possible, sir. She has an attachment of sorts.”
“A married lady, Ensign?”
“Yes, sir. An officer’s wife, sir.”
“I see. Well, I’m afraid we’re going to have to have her name.” Press pushed him for a name, but what he wanted to do was punch this smart-mouthed punk.
“Kimberly Stuart, sir. Lieutenant Commander Kenneth Stuart’s wife. We have an arrangement that helps Mrs. Stuart bear the long months when her husband is at sea. I do hope you’ll be discreet, sir. I wouldn’t wish to cause Mrs. Stuart any…discomfort.”
“You can rest assured that we will be discreet and thorough.” Press’s jaw was beginning to ache from gritting his teeth. “Well, I think that’s all for now, Ensign Olivette.” Press wanted to strangle this punk! “We may have more questions later.”
“Anytime, sir. Glad to help,” Olivette said, as he rose, tucked his white hat under his arm, turned sharply and exited the room.
Foster, who had been positioned just outside the room, came back in. “Anything more I can do for you, sir?”
Press didn’t like Ensign Olivette one little bit. He found he’d been gripping his right hand in a fist. He took time to flex his hand to relax it before responding to Foster.
“Yes. Please ask the Admiral to keep Ensign Olivette from leaving the base until I notify him. And I’d like to have a copy of his service record, if that can be arranged.”
“I’ll pass that request on to the Admiral, sir. If you’re finished, I can have someone take you to your vehicle.”
“Thanks, Lieutenant. We’re finished for now.”
After Foster left the room, Trace spoke up. “Olivette is lying his face off. He’s a cold-blooded son-of-a-bitch. He didn’t even blink at the shot of Macy with two bullet holes in her.”
“And a fast thinker—came up with a story about the dance fast enough. She’s beautiful, she’s loaded, but our man isn’t interested—what’s wrong with this picture? Let’s check into Ensign Olivette and see what pops up!”
“You can handle Mrs. Stuart, Trace. She’s going to alibi him; that much is certain. Just get her to provide as many details as possible. Maybe we can catch her in a lie.”
* * * 
“Well, Foster,” the Admiral pushed his torso back in his chair, “what’s your opinion?”
“I’d say Olivette has a lot to answer to, sir. Detective Andrews was still trying to release a lot of anger in the form of a clinched fist when he left the room. Evans just looked disgusted. We’ll be seeing both of them again soon, sir. Olivette has himself in a vice, and they’re going to squeeze him hard. He’s dirty, sir. I’d bet a month’s wages on it…if I were a betting man, sir.”
“Not that I was listening, sir.” Foster cleared his throat. “But I believe I overheard mention of Lieutenant Commander Stuart’s wife.”
“Damned woman. Don’t know what the hell Kenneth saw in that tramp. Well, I guess I do, but why the man married her is beyond me. We’ll have some dirty laundry getting aired there, too, Foster.”
“Yes, sir.”
The Admiral shook his head in disgust. “Olivette has no idea who he’s dealing with, Foster. Preston Andrews has had tougher men than him for lunch.”
“They want him kept on-base until further notice and copies of his personnel files,” Foster added coolly.
“Is that so?” The Admiral thought about this for a minute. “Normally, I would turn that request over to JAG, but just this once I think I’ll notify JAG after we’ve sent the file.”
“Sir? Admiral Walker’s going to go through the roof.”
“Did you see that beautiful young girl, Foster? Someone, likely Olivette or someone with whom he’s involved did the deed. I want whomever that was caught—and caught fast, Foster. I’m willing to have a come-to-Jesus talk with the powers that be over at JAG in order to accomplish that goal. Give VBPD what they want, Foster. Let’s see what Preston Andrews digs up on Olivette.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Oh, and Foster…”
“Yes, sir?”
“Set up court time for tonight and ask the senior Olivette to meet me there.”
“Yes, sir.”
21
Virginia Beach
Day 2
2:30 PM
While Trace ran background checks on both George Roberts and Ensign David Olivette, Press ran credit checks on both. Later in the afternoon, the tox report on Macy Roberts came back—normal.
By the time Press got home that night, he was wiped out. He leashed the tank named Jones and went for a run. Once he had the beast so tired he knew he’d go right to sleep, they headed back to the house. The run not only exhausted the dog, but it erased the day’s frustration from Press’s system.
He decided to make an early night of it and went up to his room—his room again. Sherry had managed to remove every sign of herself from his room, his house, his life. 
Then, as he stepped into his bathroom to take a hot shower before bed, he found the last trace of her—her fragrance. A bar of her Jasmine-scented soap was still in the shower stall. He knew she’d done what was necessary, but it didn’t make him immune to the sense of loss. As he tossed the bar of soap into the wastebasket, he knew Sherry was a beautiful, smart, genuinely kind human being, and he would miss her.
22
VBPD Headquarters
Day 3
10:00 AM
The next morning, sitting at his desk pouring over the reports on Roberts and Olivette, Press heard the Lieutenant call his name. He entered his superior’s office and found two suits seated across from Wallace.
“Sir?”
“Come in, Detective. Let me introduce Special Agents Wilding and Forrester from the FBI’s DC bureau.”
“Uh, oh.” Press shook hands with the agents and flashed one of those smiles. “To what do we owe the attention of the FBI?”
Press took a deep breath when he looked at Agent Wilding. She was a strikingly beautiful woman—though she’d tried to tame that beauty, no doubt to avoid drawing more attention to herself on the job than was absolutely necessary. He would hate to tell her that nothing she could do would succeed. 
She was probably five-feet-eight-inches tall without those neat little pumps and their three-inch heels. The dark “FBI” suit only accentuated the long, glossy auburn hair worn pulled back into a ponytail that trailed a good foot down her back. Despite the below-the-knee hem of her pencil skirt, her legs absolutely had to go up to her neck. 
Her full, sensuous mouth was just slightly tinted and glossed; her skin was clear and flawless, if you overlooked the faint sprinkling of freckles that spread over her gorgeous patrician nose. Thick lashes framed her cat-like light brown eyes flecked with gold. If anyone had asked him to describe her partner, he would have been at a complete loss.
“We understand that you have been investigating George Roberts and RTF International, Detective Andrews,” Agent Fielding stated matter-of-factly.
God, Press thought, her voice is as luscious as the rest of her. There was a touch of Boston in that silken-honey tone.
They all sat down, and Press began explaining his interest in Roberts and RTF International. He’d run into parallel investigations before—he knew the signs and he knew that, if his superiors were giving him the go-ahead to share information, he would do so. He might not always like it, but, as he had told Trace early in his training, he would do it in the hope that there would be reciprocation when he needed it! The FBI was also looking at Roberts for something. Hallelujah. Maybe a lead!
At around five-foot-five-inches, about one-hundred-fifty pounds, balding and wearing wire-framed glasses, Agent Forrester looked more like a CPA than an FBI agent. “We’ve been looking at Roberts for some time now. We’d hate to see your investigation jeopardize ours…” noticing Press’s jaw clenching, he added quickly, “or visa versa. There’s been a lot of time and expense put into our case.”
The Lieutenant spoke up. “Believe me, we have no interest in jeopardizing your case, Agent Forrester, but we do have a murder to solve. Maybe we could work together to avoid any conflicts?”
Oh, boy! Press thought, there it is—we’ll wind up getting nothing and giving everything. One thing he knew about the Bureau—they didn’t often share and almost never played well together. Still, he had his fingers crossed. He had yet to put away his recently-obtained resentment for the Bureau. The Director was responsible for his near death experience last fall.
“Detective Andrews,” Agent Wilding said, “the FBI has been courting you for quite awhile, but you’ve chosen to continue working for the VBPD. My superiors have asked me to work closely with you to assure that both cases, yours and ours, are resolved without us stepping on each other’s toes.”
“Does that include sharing information in both directions, Agent Wilding?” Press looked into those gorgeous hazel eyes.
“Absolutely—within certain limitations, of course. There are certain aspects of our case that we are not willing to have become public yet. But that shouldn’t be an issue at the moment.”
Press read between the lines—all sharing would stop the minute she decided it did. He wouldn’t get a vote.
“Welcome onboard, Agent Wilding,” Press shook her hand.
“Same to you, Detective Andrews,” she smiled.
Press decided that a day that had started out tediously was definitely looking up.
* * * 
The Lieutenant had office space set up for Press and his team—Trace, Rachel Wilding, Bob Forrester. Complete with a conference table, computers for each member of the team—the agents had brought their own laptops—phones, whiteboard and a corkboard with crime scene, autopsy and suspect photos posted.
“Okay, Agent Wilding…” Press began.
“Please, Rachel. And this is Bob. If we’re going to be a team on this case, let’s try to put aside who is FBI and who is local. It’ll make things easier, don’t you think?”
“Alright…Rachel, what do you have on George Roberts and RFT International?”
“We have a number of young women missing, Detective.” She started posting photos on the corkboard. “This is a sampling.”
“Oh, my God,” Trace interjected as she posted the eleventh photo.
“That many?” Press had already noticed the changes in hairstyles and clothing—these girls went missing over a period of years. 
“More. As I said, these are a sampling—there are more,” Rachel explained.
“But what do their disappearances have to do with George Roberts?”
“If you look for similarities here,” Rachel said as she pointed to the photographs, “you’ll find that, at the time they disappeared, these young women are all approximately the same age—eighteen to twenty-two, all beautiful, every one of them has a good education—college material, little or no family left. Each had a limited social life due to heavy school studies and/or working to pay for school. Each was, as far as we know now…a virgin.”
The women were all young, beautiful—just like Macy Roberts. Press’s skin went cold. 
But there was one thing Press knew about Macy that the others didn’t yet. Macy was no virgin—hadn’t been since she was a sophomore in high school. He clearly remembered the heated discussions his parents had had with Steffi. 
He’d kept that information from David Olivette, the arrogant little asshole.
 “In other words,” Press spoke up, “not greatly missed until the trail went cold?”
“Right,” Bob spoke up.
“Not one of these girls has been found—no bodies, no personal effects, no ransom calls, no witnesses—they just vanished from the face of the earth,” Forrester added.
“Okay…so just what does the FBI think has happened to them? Do we have a serial killer here or what?” Press knew he wasn’t going to like what he was going to hear. He was already feeling sick in the pit of his stomach. All those lovely young women, just…gone.
Forrester continued, “We think Roberts is behind the disappearances. What we don’t know is whether or not he has a partner—or who is working with him. It’s impossible for him to be acting alone, since we can account for his time in at least two of the cases. So, unless those cases are not connected, old George cannot be acting alone.”
“Dear, God.” No wonder the FBI wanted in. “So what does the Bureau think George is doing with all these girls? Killing them? Another Green River killer with a slightly different bent? Virgins instead of hookers? Selling them? What?”
Agent Wilding’s posture stiffened ever so slightly as she answered. “We’re not certain, but George is not a nice man! In fact, he is one of the most cold-blooded individuals we’ve dealt with.” 
 “Uh, the ME’s report said Macy had had sex recently.” Press tossed the ME’s report toward Rachel. “So she doesn’t fully fit the pattern. Plus, she has close family—her aunt, Moira, and uncle, George, who took her in when her parents died,” Press explained. “Doesn’t sound like he would try to snatch her. Would Roberts involve his own niece in whatever he’s up to?”
Press decided to share all, for now. “Our only lead so far is a sailor she dated late last year. He has tried to blow off their relationship by saying he wasn’t interested because she was a virgin, but I know for a fact that Macy wasn’t a virgin when they met. Add the ME saying she had sex within twenty-four hours of her death—I’d be willing to wager it was with our sailor. Therefore, our sailor is a liar who thinks he can pull the wool over our eyes. The guy is arrogant, and it’s going to be his downfall—I just don’t know for what, quite yet.”
“Yeah, I don’t know just how she fits in—but believe me, she does! And, if you’re right about the sailor, he probably does, too.” Rachel answered.
Agent Forrester took the lead. “We have some ideas on this, but we have no proof right now.” He looked at Rachel and then away again. “Let’s just say for now that this particular leg of our investigation is still too premature to discuss.”
Press spoke up. “Did we just run into that one exception to sharing, Agent Forrester?”
Forrester said nothing. Rachel spoke up. “We may have. We’re not certain just yet. We’ll keep you posted on that issue as we go along—and as we can.”
Trace was lost on that one. He’d ask Press later. “So how do we tie all this…” he said, waving toward the murder board, “to Macy Roberts’ murder? 
“Your guess is as good as ours, for now,” Rachel said. “We think she may have found out about something that made her a threat to George. If that’s true, we need to know what that something was. It could be the break in our case and yours.”
“Ours—remember?” Press flashed another smile and his eyes locked with Rachel’s.
“Ours,” she agreed. “Bob will be returning to DC to continue on the foreign part of the investigation. He’ll keep us posted on anything that might link to our side of the case, and we can do likewise. He’ll need in-person interaction with his embassy contacts, so he can work better there.”
“When do you go back, Bob?” Press asked.
“I’m on the 3:00 PM commuter flight out of Norfolk.”
Looking at his watch, Press realized Bob was going to have to move quickly to make his flight. “Do you need a ride to the airport?”
“No, I’ve got it taken care of. Rachel, gentlemen, I’m out of here. I’ll be talking to you soon. Good luck!” He picked up his computer case and headed out the door.
“Well,” Rachel said, “where do you want to start?”
“Trace, why don’t you go talk to Jennifer Wyatt again?" Show her that photo of Macy and David—see if she recognizes him from anywhere. Maybe a restaurant, a shop she went into with Macy—anything that might give us a clue. And while you’re at it, see if you can get anything more on what she was saying earlier about Macy hating George.”
“Okay,” Trace said, as he took a copy of David’s photo from the board and headed out.
Now it was just Rachel and Press. “Okay, why don’t you go over what you’ve got on old George?” Press asked.
“Why don’t you tell me about Macy hating George?” Rachel countered.
They spent the next three hours going over the information gathered in both investigations. George Roberts was a very nasty fellow. Press wondered how much Moira Roberts knew about her husband.
“I have the distinct impression that Moira knew Macy was in danger. Whether she got that impression from Macy or George is another matter, but I do know that she was not as surprised as she should have been that Macy was dead. She knew the girl was in danger.”
Press leaned back in his chair. “Let’s get something to eat. I’m wiped out, need fuel!” He looked at her and his stomach clutched. Oh, boy—careful, man. “I know where to get a great steak.”
“Sounds like a winner to me,” she stretched and then stood and closed her laptop. “I’m starving!”
They drove to Michael’s Steakhouse where they got a table in the back so they could talk and—as law enforcement people were in the habit of doing—see the entire room.
Law enforcement was off the table for the duration of the meal. Rachel Wilding was bright, well-educated, from a good Boston family, and very well-centered. She’d been with the FBI since graduating with honors from William & Mary’s Law School. The FBI had courted her from her junior year, and she’d decided to get her degree before joining. 
She’d been in a one-year relationship with a doctor in Alexandria—it had gone sour, and she’d broken it off six months ago.
Press couldn’t remember the last time he’d enjoyed an evening so much. The attraction in the air was like an electric charge. No matter how hard he tried to maintain a level pulse, it shot up every time she smiled at him. Press, old man, this is what it should feel like.
“Where do you run?” she asked.
“Along the beach. Would you like to join me after our food settles a little?”
“I’d love to. I usually run in the morning but with catching our flight this morning, I didn’t get to fit it in. Is there somewhere I can change?”
“Oh, that’s no problem,” he said, smiling.
23
Virginia Beach
Day 3
9:00 PM
Her jaw dropped when they pulled up in front of his house. 
“Wow! This is some cabana.”
As they reached the front door, he asked, “Are you carrying?”
“Of course,” she answered. “Why?”
“Just don’t draw on Jones!”
“Who or what is a Jones?” she asked cautiously, braced herself, and then stepped through the doorway just in time for Jones to take a flying leap at her.
Press caught her before she could fly backwards. “JONES! Down!”
“Sorry, Rachel. His obedience classes never took. I’ve enrolled him three times, but none of the instructors lasted more than half an hour.”
“Gee, am I surprised?” she laughed as she straightened her skirt. “He’s gorgeous! Big—but gorgeous!” She maintained control and managed to ruff his big shaggy head as his catcher mitt paws landed on her shoulders. She accepted a big slurppy kiss as he looked her square in the eye. “Oh, you are a big boy, aren’t you? And beautiful, too. Oh, Press, he’s wonderful!”
“You’re the first, other than those who live here, to think so.” Press laughed. He got the dog under control and brought Rachel’s bags in from the car. “I didn’t know which one you needed, so I brought them all in,” he said.
He showed Rachel to a guest room where she changed into running clothes, and within minutes they were running along the shore in the moonlight. She was in excellent condition, and her FBI endurance training made her an excellent runner. She had no problem keeping up with Press or Jones. 
When they finished their run, Press got each of them a bottle of water—a bowl for Jones. Then they sat on the deck watching and listening to the surf—and Jones’s snoring.
“I haven’t been this relaxed in months,” she said, stretching out her long legs in front of her.
Press’s mouth had gone dry, so he took another long drink of water. “So do you have hotel reservations made?”
“No, we left in such a hurry that I didn’t get a chance. I’ll call a cab and find something near the office,” Rachel said.
“You’re welcome to stay here for a few days. There’s plenty of room, lots of beach for running, a staff of people to handle laundry, cooking and such.”
Rachel turned her head and looked at him. “No strings?”
He groaned and grimaced. “Oh, my God! Am I that transparent? I feel like a sixteen-year-old kid. No, no strings—I promise.”
She was grinning at him. His gut was in knots and damned if he wasn’t sweating. He hadn’t reacted like this to a woman in…ever!
“Well, then,” she sighed dramatically as she stood up, “I might as well get a hotel room.” 
As she turned toward the door, she had a smile on those full lips that had his gut clutching. 
“What?”
She stopped and turned back toward him. “Well, if I don’t get anything better than a room and some food, I might as well go to a hotel.”
He stood and they were just inches apart—his throat had gone absolutely dry. “And just what more did you want? We just may have something here to accommodate you. If you aren’t too demanding, of course,” he grinned.
Her arms went up and encircled his neck, “Oh, I intend to be extremely demanding.”
The kiss unglued what little control he’d had left. 
24
Virginia Beach
Day 3
9:00 PM
“Where are you?” Frustration and worry had resulted in her pacing the floor for the last hour waiting for his arrival.
“I can’t make it. I really can’t go into it right now, darling. Hopefully I can break free in a few days or so.”
“A few days?” My God, you’re turning into a shrew. Listen to your own voice. “I’m sorry, darling. I just miss you so much. There is so much we need to discuss!”
“I know, but now is not the time. I’m being confined to base for now. I’ll let you know as soon as I can see you. Believe me, I’m just as anxious to be with you as you are to have me there. Even now, I can feel you…” He moaned into the earpiece.
“Don’t tease me! What do you mean ‘confined to base’? What’s wrong?”
“I can’t go into it over the phone. I have to go now. Don’t worry, darling. I’ll see you as soon as possible.”
The phone went dead. She stared at the cell phone in her hand as if she didn’t believe her ears.
25
Virginia Beach
Day 4
6:00 AM
In the morning, Press managed to beat Lizzie’s wakening by just a few minutes as he ran through the house gathering up the clothes that had been left strewn between the patio door and the bedroom. 
They hadn’t made it to the bed until after a shared shower. Even then, their appetite for each other had seemed insatiable. 
He bent down and kissed that beautiful mouth. “Good morning.”
He heard the purr in her throat and his gut twisted again. “You’d better wake up, sweetheart. We’re going to be late to work.”
“I’m up,” she moaned, and then tried to cover her head with the sheet in which she was entwined.
“No, you’re not—but I am,” he laughed as he climbed back into bed with her.
Oh, Press old boy, you are in such big trouble.
26
VBPD Headquarters
Day 4
1:15 PM
Trace stood in front of the murder board. “Miss Wyatt didn’t recognize David Olivette. She did say, however, that George Roberts had been caught making a pass at one of Macy’s sorority sisters during a party at the Roberts estate. He has a reputation as being very interested in young women, women in general, any woman other than Moira Roberts.”
“Probably explains her need for all that plastic surgery. She’s trying to look younger than she is in hope George will see her instead of every young thing in his path,” Press offered.
“Makes sense,” Rachel added. “Fits in with what we know of him. George is a man of no scruples. Women are just objects to George. He is a true misogynist. Being his wife cannot be an easy job. You have to wonder why she stays.”
“Money, prestige, power—old George has a lot to offer if you’re willing to sell your soul to the devil.” Press had a bad taste in his mouth. He didn’t like Moira Roberts, but he hated to think of any woman putting up with George Roberts. “What had poor Macy gone through all those years, growing up in that household?”
“Indeed,” Rachel added. 
“So what did Macy find out?” Press asked. “And who did she tell about it—because I’d bet my badge George found out from someone other than Macy.”
“David?” Trace said.
“Okay, partner. Lay it out,” Press told him.
Trace gathered his thoughts and started pacing. “Macy somehow finds out what George is involved in. She can’t tell Jenny—too risky. Jenny would tell her parents and get the police involved. Macy wasn’t ready to take things that far. She loves her aunt.”
“No, she tells David. She loves David—can trust him with anything.” The look on Trace’s face showed pure sarcasm. “Boy was she wrong there. She doesn’t recognize that no one is important to David except David. He’s made her think she can trust him. David tells George that she’s onto him. However, George can’t kill her—he’s in DC with a dozen or more witnesses. So he has David do the deed.”
“What is David’s link to George? Why would he tell George about Macy’s suspicions?” Rachel asks. “How does David fit in with the missing girls?”
“And what did Macy know?” Trace added.
“David was involved somehow. Maybe he’s George’s partner in crime.” Press added the issues to the whiteboard. “I’d bet that whatever she found out, the proof is in that house.”
“Yeah, but we can’t get a warrant without cause,” Trace added.
“And we don’t dare get a warrant without giving away our investigation,” Rachel piped in.
“We’re going to have to find something that will get us back into that house,” Press said, more to himself than to the group.
They heard a disturbance coming from the main office area and left the conference room to check it out. Each was wearing a shoulder harness complete with a loaded weapon in case it was needed. Hands on open shoulder harnesses, they approached the doorway to the Lieutenant’s private office and heard George Roberts for the first time.
“I don’t want your damned excuses, Lieutenant. You have no right to come into my home and ransack it like thugs. My God, man! They went through her closet and drawers—her underwear! How do you justify such actions? The poor girl is dead and they ogle her undergarments?”
“Mr. Roberts, the detectives were looking for information that she may have hidden. No disrespect was intended. The warrant was properly executed and they had every right to look everywhere covered under that warrant,” Lieutenant Wallace threw back at the red-faced man.
“I don’t give a damn what that warrant said. And why did the police think they should paw through our belongings anyway? We are the victims here, Lieutenant!”
“No, sir, you are not!” Wallace watched the man’s face redden so much he thought George Roberts was going to explode. “Macy was the victim, Mr. Roberts! And we are going to find out who murdered her, with or without your cooperation. If your wife had not denied access to Macy’s room, no warrant would have been necessary.”
Through gritted teeth, George Roberts spewed, “I’m going to bring such pressure to bear on you and this department that you’re going to think a building landed on you. I work with some very influential people, Lieutenant. You will be hearing more from me, I assure you!” A seething George Roberts stormed out of the office nearly knocking Trace off his feet as he shoved past him.
“Well, our Mr. Roberts is very wound up. Wonder why he’s so worried about us looking at Macy’s things,” Press grinned.
“There’s something in that house!” Rachel grinned back at him.
Press looked at his Lieutenant. “Sir, why did you authorize that warrant? We hadn’t even had a chance to request one and it was already in our hands.” He noticed the man’s glance briefly land on Rachel.
“Press, you needed it—you got it! What the hell do I have to do to make people happy around here?” he yelled. “Next thing you know I’ll have the Mayor in here raising hell about ‘good upstanding citizens being harassed’. Well, don’t just stand there—go find out what they’re hiding before we get told not to bother him. I don’t like being threatened in my own office,” the Lieutenant said as he slammed his office door in their faces.
Rachel and Press just stood there staring at one another.
27
Virginia Beach
Day 4
10:00 PM
As Rachel and Press arrived at his house that evening, Press’s phone rang.
“Oh! Hi, Dad.” Press motioned to Rachel that she should go ahead in and get settled in while he took the call. As she moved toward the kitchen, he turned back to the call. “What’s up?”
“Preston, what the hell is going on back there? I got a very angry call from George Roberts this afternoon—something about the police department using high-handed measures and searching his recently-murdered daughter’s belongings. VBPD getting a warrant under false pretenses, etc. The man was practically raving—practically, hell—he was raving!” 
“I just bet he was, Dad. George Roberts’ niece, Macy, was murdered, and we weren’t permitted to search the girl’s belongings. We needed to know who she had met the night she was killed.”
“Dear God, that beautiful young girl that used to spend so much time with Stephanie’s crowd?”
“Yes, Dad.”
“So George is putting on pressure to keep you from finding…what?”
Press sometimes wondered if his dad ever thought about where Press got his skill as a detective. “I can’t go into that, Dad, but, between you and me…we’re not the only ones looking at George. The Feds are looking into him, too.”
“Oh, my God. What’s going on back there?”
“We’re not quite certain yet, Dad, but it’s not good—whatever it is. Don’t worry about George Roberts bringing pressure to bear. He’s in no real position to carry out his threats. I’m sorry he bothered you, Dad. Really.”
“Not your fault, Son. You’re just doing your job—tell me you aren’t in danger again, like last year! Your mother will have my hide if you get hurt again! You know how she feels about this police business.”
Yeah, like Dad feels any differently. Oh, my God…would they never accept my choice of careers? “I’m fine, Dad. Tell Mother I love her and not to worry. If the bad guys come after me, I’ve got Jones to protect me.”
Press heard his father’s rarely heard laughter. “Oh, that will put her mind to rest, I’m sure. Has he yet to pass an obedience class?” There was a pause, “No. I didn’t think so.” Changing tones again, “Stay safe, Press,” his father said quietly, and the connection went dead.
I love you, too, Dad.
 * * * 
Press, Rachel and Jones had a long run, then dinner on the deck. Press and Jones got in another sprint as Jones swiped Press’s sirloin off his plate while he was pouring wine into Rachel’s glass.
Once they had Jones corralled again, they sat back down and Rachel divided her steak to share it with Press. 
“Damned dog’s a bottomless pit,” Press laughed. “If he wasn’t so good at keeping burglars away, I’d get rid of him.”
“Who are you kidding? You’re a cop and you carry a loaded gun. You keep burglars away. You just love that huge beast,” Rachel threw back at him while laughing until her sides ached.
“Yeah, you’re right. He’s like a big, unruly kid,” he laughed. “Have you any pets? Kids? Anything?” He was fishing, and her smile told him she knew it.
“No. Things like pets, kids—anything—require attention to home and hearth. I’m on the road too much,” she sighed. “When I first started with the Bureau it was enough, but, after a few years, life begins to feel a little empty. You know?”
“Yeah, I do. Come on,” he said, as he stood and held a hand out toward her.
She rose and took his hand. He led her down to the sand, and then toward the surf. They walked slowly, hand-in-hand for the next half-hour, stopping from time-to-time to pick up a shell or to savor each other.
Press knew he was in trouble. He was going to get his heart broken when she headed back to DC—and DC was the very last place he wanted to be.
28
VBPD Headquarters
Day 5
9:15 AM
“Rachel, how’s it going down there?” 
It was Bob calling from DC.
“We’ve just received the Navy’s report on David Olivette. I’ll fax you a copy after our meeting. How’s it going in DC?”
“Same old same old! Damn it, Rachel, we have to get this guy. Another girl disappeared—this time from Maine. She meets all the traits of the others. No body found; little or no family to miss her. Fortunately for us, she had just accepted the proposal of a young man she met at college. They were supposed to go shopping for a ring last weekend, but she never showed. That raised a flag much earlier in her case than with our other victims.”
“Damn! Send me the photo and details. I’ll add her to the board.”
“Will do. I’m coming down in a day or two. Where are you staying?”
Oops.
“Rachel?”
“I’ll explain that to you when you get here. Why don’t you just get a room at the Sheraton near HQ, and I’ll meet you at HQ when you get here?”
* * * 
“Okay. See you then?” Bob hung up and wondered what the heck she was up to. Well, he didn’t work for the FBI for no reason. He’d figure it out. 
While it wouldn’t be at all like Rachel—and he’d known her…worked with her on several cases over the last six or seven years—she just did not get her personal and professional lines blurred. Nevertheless, unless he was terribly mistaken, Preston Andrews had something to do with her hedging. The sparks all but flew off the two of them when they met.
* * * 
As she hung up the phone, Press came into the conference room and saw her sitting with her face in her hands. Stepping beside her, he pulled her head towards his hip and just held onto her. “You alright?”
“Oh, damn it, Press. I will be—but will these girls? Any of them? Bob just called. We’ve got another possible victim.”
“Damn!” He squatted down beside her chair so they were eye-to-eye. “We’re going to get him Rachel! We are!” he said softly, as he tucked a fly-away tendril of her hair behind her ear.
“I know, but how many more will get taken before we do?”
The pain in those gorgeous eyes nearly broke his heart. She’s upset about more than ‘missing’ girls. What is it the FBI is really investigating?
“Rachel, all we can do is to keep working the case.”
“I know,” she sighed. “You’re right, Press. Let’s take a look at this report on David Olivette.”
Press straightened up and moved to his chair. He opened the file and starting scanning the information.
“We’ve talked to his friends…if you can call them friends. He has many acquaintances—few, if any, real friends. No one seems too terribly fond of David Olivette, and yet he has a broad base of contacts here and overseas. One sailor reported that Olivette had close ties in Motor Pool and the supply distribution chain. Yet he doesn’t seem to socialize with anyone from the Navy when he’s off-base.”
“No romantic ties that anyone is aware of…no one knew he was seeing Macy or anyone else, for that matter. One female ensign said she thought he was batting for the other side—she’d made several almost-overt attempts to get him interested, but he never bit at any of them.”
“Well,” Rachel shrugged, “we know that’s probably wrong, although…no, something about that’s not right.” 
Rachel noticed the look on his face as he concentrated on Olivette’s file. “What is it?”
“Each time the Navy is on the verge of moving him up, David Olivette has gotten into just enough trouble or slacked off just enough to prevent promotion.” Press looked up at her. “One has to wonder if that is intentional, don’t you think?”
“After his third offense kept him from promotion, a psych work-up was ordered by his superior officer. Says he has problems with daddy. Mother was dead by the time he was three years old. Daddy never remarried but there has been a string of girlfriends. Nothing permanent—every time they moved, there was a new woman in daddy’s life.”
“Not exactly a stable childhood. David enlisted at seventeen. Clean record since except for the minor scrapes just as he seemed to be getting ready for promotion.”
“The doctor thought he might have a fear of success or competition with the old man—purposely sabotaging his career—or perhaps rebelling against daddy’s desire for him to succeed. The typical perverse child—personally, I think he’s a lot worse than perverse.”
“There was never anything bad enough to have charges brought—just the loss of promotion.” Press stared across the room as if in a trance.
Rachel took the file and continued reading. “He’s a very ‘social’ guy when you consider what you reported after meeting with him. Doesn’t jive, does it? He has contacts in all sorts of places, despite the fact that he’s never been deployed overseas. There’s nothing to recommend discharge, but nothing to recommend him either. He’s a definite underachiever.”
“We know he’s unlikable, has a piss-poor attitude, lies at the drop of a hat and can make up a story quickly when needed. He’s manipulating his career for some reason, dislikes daddy, and apparently has no respect for women. He has no qualms about using people. Sounds like a sociopath in the making from an early age, and yet the Navy doctors don’t raise that issue in their evaluations.”
Press turned toward her, “Daddy’s covering for him—using his authority to keep certain things about his little angel from getting into his records. He wants the kid to have a career in the Navy, and he’s going to see to it that he gets it—whether it’s what David wants or not. I’d bet you on it!”
Rachel smiled. “It’s easy enough to find out. Let’s go see the Admiral.”
Press returned the smile, and they quickly left HQ and headed to Norfolk.
29
Norfolk Naval Station
Day 5
10:30 AM
As they were escorted to Foster’s office, Rachel decided to step back and let Press take the lead, since he knew the Admiral.
“Detective Andrews, what can I do for you today?” Foster stood and greeted them as they entered.
“Foster, this is FBI Special Agent Rachel Wilding.” He stepped aside while Rachel showed her badge.
Rachel and Foster shook hands as Press made the introductions. Then they all moved to the same conference room where Press and Trace had met with Olivette just days before.
“We’ve reviewed the information provided on Ensign Olivette, and we have some questions that we’d like to ask of some others here on the base,” Press explained.
“Such as?” Foster asked.
“Olivette’s father and the psychologist who did the work-up on Olivette last year…” Press look at his notes, “Dr. Jacobson. At some point while we’re here, we’d like to speak with the Admiral.”
“Give me a few minutes to make some inquiries. Would you like some coffee while you wait?”
“No, thank you. We’re fine,” Press said, without consulting Rachel.
After Foster left the room, he turned to Rachel. “You don’t want what the military passes off as coffee.”
She laughed and then asked, “Do you really think the doctor is going to talk to us?”
“Talk, yes; give us anything to go on, maybe; give us access to his private records, no. We may need to use your Pentagon contacts to get anything more, but I want to give the Admiral’s staff the opportunity first.”
The door opened, and Admiral Poindexter came walking into the room. Rachel and Press stood up, Press introduced Rachel, and they all sat down around the table.
“Well, Preston, what can I do for you today?” he asked.
“Sir, we reviewed David Olivette’s service record. Thank you for providing the information, by the way.”
“Something in it that might link him to the girl’s murder?” Admiral Poindexter asked. 
Press was certain that the Admiral had been dreading the answer to that question. “Frankly, sir, Olivette was less than forthcoming. That, in itself, isn’t particularly unusual. However, his record seems to indicate that each time he gets near to a promotion, he manages to sabotage it.”
“Yes, I noticed that, too.” He smiled at the pair. “I reviewed the file before I had Foster fax it to you.” The smile disappeared. “Something’s not right with Olivette. I’m afraid his father has been preventing the full details of his son’s behavior from getting into his record. As much as I hate to cause his father any distress, I think it’s time we brought JAG into the investigation.”
“I understand that VBPD, and the FBI, of course,” the Admiral said, nodding at Rachel, “would like to run with this investigation, but he is one of ours, and we need to follow procedure since it does appear that he’s up to something you young folks call ‘hinky’.” The Admiral smiled and then added, “While the FBI and VBPD handle the investigation, our man must be given a JAG attorney.”
“Admiral,” Rachel spoke up, “we do understand, and, frankly, I agree with you. I think it’s time JAG joined the case. However, would you also agree that we should be allowed to bring the JAG prosecution team into our investigatory side?”
The Admiral hesitated, obviously thinking this through before responding. “As I explained to Press when he first approached me about Olivette, if he is involved in this murder, the Navy wants him punished. I see no problem with JAG working with both sides of the issue. They are well-equipped to work both sides, and you may find them very useful.”
“I agree,” Rachel answered and then looked at Press.
“So do I,” he answered.
“Very well, I’ll have someone from JAG contact you later this afternoon to set up an appointment.” The Admiral stood, shook hands with both investigators and, before leaving, said, “I hate that our man may be involved in this. If he killed that girl, I hope you hang him high. If not, I’ll expect that his name will be cleared by JAG, as well as the FBI and VBPD.”
“Yes, sir, you have our word on it,” Press replied.
After the door closed, Rachel and Press looked at each other. Neither believed Olivette was going to be cleared of all charges, whether he killed Macy or not.
30
Virginia Beach
Day 5
2:30 PM
George Roberts was not a kind man—he’d never tried to fool anyone into thinking he was. Well, except for Moira. She’d been a pleasant enough girl—even though of lesser intelligence than he—even when she was young. Now the years had made her just another matronly member of the social set. 
After twenty-five years of marriage, he hated her with a passion that was also difficult to hide. 
It certainly wasn’t that she hadn’t made every effort to keep herself from aging badly. Between her personal trainer, the spa treatments, beauty salon and that damned plastic surgeon, she cost him a small fortune in ‘maintenance’ every year—and he resented it. She would never be twenty again—why she tried, he couldn’t imagine.
He’d been having her followed for weeks now. He had enough on her now that he would be able to convince her that it was to her benefit to let him divorce her. 
She had been a liability for some time, and that was before she made the mistake of preventing the police from looking at Macy’s room. He knew damned good and well there was nothing incriminating in Macy’s room—paid damned good money to have it searched often enough to make certain of it. That had been a damned stupid mistake, and he would get the message through to Moira in his own way.
She knew more about his business than he liked, and he knew he couldn’t afford to piss her off. What he’d wanted to do for years was break her neck, but he’d waited. The right time would come—probably sooner rather than later.
As he poured himself a scotch, she entered the room, and George wished himself anywhere but there.
“George, we need to make funeral arrangements for Macy. They called today to say that they are releasing her…her body tomorrow.”
“Take care of it.” He downed the scotch without coming up for air and poured another.
“Take…?” She caught herself before finishing her complaint about having this laid on her doorstep. “Alright. I’ll call Winters & Sons. They can make the arrangements. I’ll call the club and ask them to notify the members when I know the details.”
He finished his second drink without acknowledging anything she had said.
“Put something in the DC and New York obits.”
“Alright.”
“I’m heading back to DC tonight. I’ll be gone for a week or two.”
“Aren’t you going to be here for the funeral?”
George turned and glared at her. “Moira, my business buys you all your trinkets, keeps your body as fit as it can be for your age.” He watched her flinch and a feeling of satisfaction went through his body that was almost as good as sex. “I pay for your plastic surgery and this fine house and your membership in the ‘club’ where you can flaunt your wealth. Perhaps you should shut up about what it takes to keep it that way.”
Refusing to let fall the tears she felt welling, Moira just turned and left the room.
Get your mind off the old bitch, George. Go find something more satisfying and enjoyable.
The next sound in the Roberts house was the front door closing behind George as he went in search of the evening’s entertainment.
* * *
The first thing on his agenda was to stop at the Police Department to harass the cops. He loved watching them step all over themselves to calm him—toadies that they were! 
Then he’d find himself a hot young number to use for the evening. By midnight he’d be on a plane to DC.
31
Norfolk Naval Station
Day 6
9:45 AM
As they entered the JAG building, Lieutenant Richards, a rather stern-looking woman with dark-framed glasses and a uniform so tidy it should have cracked when she sat down, greeted them.
“Agent Wilding, Detective Andrews,” she greeted them. “Welcome to JAG. Follow me, please,” she turned sharply and led them to a small, crowded but neat office with her name on the door. She closed the door behind them. “Please have a seat.”
“Admiral Poindexter has explained the reason for your visit. I’ll be working with you on the prosecution side, should any prosecution become necessary. I may also be of some assistance in the investigatory issues, as well.” She smiled briefly.
“I’ve pulled Ensign Olivette’s service record. While I agree that there does seem to be a pattern here, just how do you believe he may have been involved in Macy Roberts’ murder?”
Press and Rachel took turns bringing Lieutenant Richards up-to-date.
The Lieutenant briefly went silent as she digested what she’d heard. “I can see that Olivette has been less than forthcoming; also that he seems to be an underachiever.” She paused as she thought things through. “I just don’t see…”
Rachel interrupted her, “Lieutenant, may I speak to you privately?”
Press almost jumped out of his chair. “What…?”
“Detective Andrews, I apologize, but I need to talk to Lieutenant Richards about something that involves security. I’m afraid I cannot share this right now.”
Press wanted to smash something, but he rose from his chair and left the room. Okay, perhaps he closed the door with a little more enthusiasm than was absolutely necessary—causing a few heads to turn in the outer office.
* * *
Half an hour later, Rachel left the Lieutenant’s office and found Press glowering at her from across the room where he was leaning against the wall. 
As they were escorted to Lieutenant Commander Olivette’s office, Rachel whispered, “I’m so sorry, Press. I promise to explain this to you later.”
“Well, I can’t say you didn’t warn me in advance,” he admitted. “Doesn’t mean it didn’t sting to be thrown out like that.”
“I promise to make it up to you,” she said, as she reached for his hand and squeezed it briefly.
“You bet you will,” he said, grinning as they kept walking behind their escort.
32
Norfolk Naval Station
Day 6
10:35 AM
Lieutenant Commander Olivette was an older version of his son, with an easy twenty-five years he had on his son. Press also noticed the elder Olivette’s eyes were kinder, the smile was easier, and the voice—even with its military bearing—had a friendlier tone.
“Please, have a seat.”
Once the pleasantries were over, Rachel took on the interview. “Sir, we’re here about your son, David.”
“David?” The eyes became more wary. “Why would the FBI and VBPD be interested in my son?”
“A young woman your son was involved with has been murdered, sir. We’re investigating his possible involvement in her death,” Rachel explained.
“David…involved in a murder? That’s impossible.”
“He’s lying to us, sir. That never bodes well in a murder investigation,” Press added.
“Lying to you? About what?”
“He was dating Macy Roberts, sir. He has tried to tell us that they broke off their relationship last fall, but he attended the Admiral’s Ball with her, and we have proof that he was still seeing her after that. However, David denies it.” Press planted the lie and waited for Rachel to pick up the questioning.
“Why do you think that David has been sabotaging his career, sir?” she asked.
“What…sabotaging?” Olivette looked stunned. “I don’t understand.”
Press explained. “Sir, we understand that this is your son we’re talking about, and we know this must be difficult for you. However, whatever is going on with David…well, it’s about to come out. It would be best if the information came from David, but it doesn’t look like that is going to happen. If you know anything that might help…well, you could make things much easier on him.” 
The officer was up and pacing behind his desk. “All I know is that David has been seeing someone. I don’t know her name. He’s a very private person.”
So was Macy. What were they hiding…what was Rachel hiding? Press wondered.
“I don’t know why David seems so determined to remain here in Norfolk. I don’t believe it’s because of a romantic relationship. That just doesn’t sound like David.” He sat down in his chair and looked over at the visitors. “I just don’t know what you are looking for, but I assure you that my son simply could not be involved in murder.”
“What is it that you’ve been keeping out of his records, sir?” Rachel asked suddenly.
“What…?” Olivette was stunned once again.
“You heard me, sir. What is it that you are so carefully keeping out of your son’s records?”
Olivette had turned green, then pale. “You have to understand. David was such a lonely kid. He’s a good boy, really. He just never had a mother’s influence to…” he stopped, realized he was making excuses…again. “Dear, God. What has he gotten himself involved in?” His head was in his hands.
“My son has had…some issues…over the years. He has a difficult time dealing with women, his temper is almost completely buried and then…suddenly, he…he erupts. He put a young woman in the hospital during his junior year in high school. He assaulted another about two years ago. I managed to buy off any charges or civil suits being filed. It’s cost me nearly everything I have.”
So, David Olivette had drained his father dry. Now the cover-up would stop. Olivette’s avenue of escape was becoming a dead-end alley with the FBI and Preston Andrews waiting to spring the trap.
“Sir, we’re asking that you keep our investigation to yourself for now. JAG is involved, and I’m sure they will have questions for you. However, your son must not be made aware that we are looking at him—for now.”
“You expect me to keep this from him?”
“Yes, sir. As an officer—not as a father, you under the Admiral’s orders to keep this to yourself. We understand that this is a difficult situation to be in, but you have a duty to cooperate with JAG, sir. If we need the request to come from Admiral Poindexter directly…” Rachel reminded him.
“I’ll do my duty, Agent Wilding. I always have.”
“Thank you, sir. We appreciate what a difficult position we’re putting you in.” Standing, she signaled to Press that it was time to leave the Lieutenant Commander alone. They turned and left his office.
* * *
The next stop was Dr. Jacobson. The psychologist was no more cooperative than either of them had expected. Olivette’s records were private and confidential. He gave no indication that he knew of anything in Olivette’s past that would lead him to believe that he would be capable of murder.
While neither Press nor Rachel could be certain just how much Dr. Jacobson actually knew, Press didn’t agree with his assessment. Rachel was pondering her own ideas of what David Olivette was capable of doing.
33
Glorious Savior Memorial Gardens
Virginia Beach
Day 7
10:00 AM
Well aware that killers often showed up at the funerals of their victims, Press, Rachel and Trace attended the funeral of Macy Roberts. Several undercovers attended, as well as a van disguised as a cemetery maintenance vehicle. Inside, technicians took videos of the crowd from the road.
The funeral brought out Virginia Society’s new money more than its old did. Old money didn’t have much use for blowhards like George Roberts. It was the Country Club crowd that filled the limos that trailed into the cemetery—those who thought that by showing up they might gain some advantage in business affairs with George Roberts.
The detectives or FBI agents present didn’t miss the irony. They knew that there was a certain amount of guilt-by-association in play right now. Press marveled at the scene. Oh, how differently those clingers-on might react, if they just knew how closely the authorities were looking at all of George’s associates right now.
Olivette’s absence was due to the Admiral’s agreement to keep him on base until further notice—not that they had really expected the narcissistic Olivette to show any respect for Macy anyway.
They found it strange that George Roberts didn’t show up. As they mingled in the crowd, they each overheard people whispering their opinions about hearing that George was out of the country on urgent business and was greatly upset about missing the funeral.
Yeah, sure! Press thought to himself. What kind of man misses his niece’s funeral—for any reason? Press was going to see to it that George Roberts rotted in a very private place in hell, if it was the last thing he ever did.
They took turns watching Moira Roberts as she circulated after the service, then returned to her limo—the perfect picture of the mourning aunt. 
34
Virginia Beach
Day 7
4:45 PM
Back at HQ, they updated the investigation files with the information gathered during the day. As evening approached, Rachel turned to Press.
“Bob’s coming in tonight,” she said.
“Really? Good. Maybe he has something we can use.”
“Press…we need to talk about something before he gets here.”
Damn. There was that phrase again, he thought. “Okay.”
“I’m going to have to lie to my co-worker, and I’m not happy about it. He wanted to book a room at the same hotel where I’m staying.”
“Oops.”
“Yes! My response, exactly!” She sighed. “We both know that I shouldn’t be staying where I am. It’s less than professional of me, I know.” She looked at Press and saw him grinning at her. “Feeling somewhat smug, are we?”
“Oh, maybe just a wee bit smug,” he winked. Then he answered her more seriously. “Rachel, if you think you need to leave the house, I’ll understand. Mind you, I won’t like it…but I’ll understand. I think you and I have something really special, and I’d like to take the time to find out where it’s going. But, you have to do what is right for you.”
“I would miss Jones! And Lizzie’s cooking is beyond excellent.”
“Oh, really?” One black brow rose just slightly.
“And then, well there is my handsome landlord,” she smiled back at him.
“I don’t think landlord really fits, do you? Have I charged you any rent?”
“No. No, you haven’t.”
“So, what are you going to tell Bob?”
“Hell’s bells. I’ll think of something!” she pouted.
Just as Press was about to reach for her, the door opened and in walked Bob.
“Bob,” they said in unison.
“Hey, team! How goes it?”
“Sit down, and we’ll catch you up on our visit to Norfolk,” Press offered.
“Bob, I need to explain something to you,” Rachel began.
“Before you do…I’ve checked into the Sheraton as you suggested. I supposed you are staying with that sorority sister you talk about so often—the one that lives near the beach? Don’t blame you one little bit. Anyway, as long as we’re in touch by cell, there’s no need for us to stay at the same place. I can reach you any time…right?” Bob asked.
“Right,” Rachel blushed slightly. 
Press was all the more fond of the fourth—and usually absent—member of their little team.
35
Virginia Beach
Day 8
8:30 AM
Sherry had put everything away in her new apartment. All the boxes were unpacked at last. She had found a couple of Jones’s toys that he had undoubtedly ‘packed’ in one of the boxes when her back was turned. Smiling as she held the fuzzy, well-loved frog and Frisbee with more holes than a sieve, she decided to take them to Press.
As she pulled up in front of HQ, Sherry saw Press and a beautiful auburn-haired woman getting out of a car. She watched for a few seconds, and that’s all it took—she knew. She wondered if Press did.
Climbing out of the car, she grabbed the bag containing Jones’s precious possessions and headed toward the couple.
“Press!” she raised her voice slightly to catch him before he went into the building.
Press turned and smiled at her, surprise showing on his face. “Sherry, how are you?” He bent down to kiss her cheek in greeting.
“I’m great. How are you?”
“Good. Good! Oh,” he said, suddenly realizing that Sherry and Rachel were exchanging curious and awkward glances. “Sorry, ladies! Sherry, this is FBI Special Agent Rachel Wilding. Rachel, this is Sherry Lowell. Sherry teaches Art Appreciation at the University.”
“It’s nice to meet you, Agent Wilding. What brings you to Virginia Beach?” Sherry asked.
“A case. I’m working with the VBPD on a recent murder.”
“Oh, the Roberts case?”
“Yes.” Rachel looked at Press wondering what he had told Sherry.
“I read about it. I know Press knew her years ago. It’s so sad.” She paused, looking somewhat awkward. “Well, I found these things in one of the packing boxes and thought I’d better get them to you. I know how fond their owner is of them!”
He peeked into the bag and laughed. “That’s where they were!”
Sherry laughed. “Yes, I think he must have ‘packed’ them when my back was turned.”
“Thanks for bringing them, Sherry. Jones will be very happy to get them back.”
“Yes, I’m sure! I don’t think he realized the boxes would be gone for good.” Oh, now she really felt awkward. She hadn’t meant that to come out of her mouth. “I’d better go. I have a class in half an hour.”
Turning to Rachel, she said, “Nice to meet you, Agent Wilding.”
“Nice you meet you, Ms. Lowell.”
Press bent down and kissed Sherry’s cheek in farewell. “Be happy,” he whispered in her ear.
“You, too!” she whispered back. Sherry turned and quickly walked back to her car.
 * * * 
“That was awkward,” Rachel said. “I like her.”
“Yeah, so do I,” Press responded. He was glad he’d told her about Sherry, so that she understood that he loved her, but wasn’t in love with her. No, he was pretty sure he knew the real difference, now that he’d met Rachel.
* * * 
Across the street, a silent watcher took in the scene. It was obvious that the girl was someone Detective Andrews knew well—perhaps very well. Interesting.
36
VBPD Headquarters
Day 9
1:30 PM
Two days were spent following what few other meager leads they had. As they sat side-by-side, staring at the murder board now filled with photos of Macy, David Olivette, Moira and George Roberts and twelve of the other missing girls, Press and Rachel both sighed. Written notations of how the people and circumstances linked defined the lines drawn from one photo to another.
They both turned their heads toward the door where a knock on the doorjamb drew their attention. “Lieutenant Wallace, come in, please,” Rachel said when he hesitated in the doorway.
“Uh,” Wallace was hesitating in a very uncharacteristic way. “Press, we just received a Missing Person’s Report that…well….”
Press stood up. “What’s the matter, Lieu?”
“It’s Sherry Lowell, Press.”
Wallace and Rachel both heard the harsh intake of Press’s breath. Wallace stepped toward Press and urged him back down into his chair.
He explained the report to Press and Rachel and handed each of them a copy. “She was due to teach a class at 1:00 PM, but she never reported to work.” 
It seemed that Press and Rachel had been the last two people to see her. There was no apparent sign of violence at her apartment. She was just…gone.
* * *
Sherry had never been this frightened in her entire life. She didn’t understand what this man wanted from her. He hadn’t said a word to her since she woke up. Moreover, it was strange—she had been carrying a box from the car into her new apartment and then…then she was waking up in the trunk of a car. She had been shivering violently, her mind so foggy she couldn’t pull her thoughts together.
Now, here they were in a warehouse, and he was pushing her forward. She stumbled and almost fell more than once, but he finally pushed her down in a chair and taped her to the chair with duct tape. Her hands were bound together behind her back; tape was run around her waist securing her to the back of the chair; her feet were taped to the front legs of the chair.
“Why won’t you answer me? What do you want from me?” When he turned and sneered at her, a chill went down her spine. She was all too certain she knew what he wanted. Well, she was damned determined to keep him from getting it!
Still he was silent.
Sherry found his silence more frightening than any threat he might have made. Tenseness radiated from him—some emotion she couldn’t quite put her finger on. Whatever it was, Sherry wasn’t at all sure she was going to survive it, but she was determined to try.
37
VBPD Headquarters
Day 10
Noon
Press knew David Olivette was no hero. He suspected that, faced with reality, he would roll over on his own mother if it benefited him in some way.
“Well, Olivette, are you going to take this one and only opportunity to save your own neck? Or are you going to pretend you’re not scared down to your very bones about the death penalty?” Press offered.
“I swear, I don’t know what you’re talking about!” Olivette was sweating now. His composure was breaking down.
His JAG attorney, Lieutenant Simpson, sat beside him. “What are you offering exactly?” the attorney asked.
“Personally, I think our man here killed Macy himself. If he killed Macy, he gets life instead of the death penalty. If, on the off chance someone else did it and he gives us Macy’s killer, we give him a reduced sentence for his involvement before and/or after the killing. Minimum statutory sentence per count. He may never see freedom again, but he’ll be alive.”
Olivette looked over at his attorney, sweat pouring down his temples.
Lieutenant Simpson nodded to Olivette, urging him to take the deal. He didn’t think they could prove he killed the girl—his client denied it—but his client was a self-serving liar and the attorney knew it.
“I swear,” Olivette whimpered, “I didn’t kill Macy. She found out…found out we were moving drugs in and out of the country using military transport and supply chains.” 
Everyone in the room could see his panic to get their help, he kept moving his glance from Press to Rachel to his attorney. He was in full self-preservation mode now.
“She got access to the safe in their house and found some records that she thought tied George to the drugs. But it wasn’t George…”
“It was Moira,” Press finished for him.
“Moira and I have been…lovers for two years. I adore her. I would have done anything for her. But when I told her that Macy had been digging, she didn’t want me involved any more than was necessary.”
“She told me she needed a car with clean plates. I took her personal car to the airport long-term parking and swapped it for a quiet little hybrid. I didn’t ask her why, I just did as she asked and then made myself scarce.” His hands were shaking now, and he was licking his lips.
“I didn’t know about Macy until the next day. I swear I didn’t know she was going to kill her.”
“What did you think she was going to do, you little coward? Throw her a party?” Press grabbed Olivette’s collar. Rachel pulled them apart, as the attorney started yelling about abuse. The room was in chaos.
Once things calmed down again, Olivette continued with what he knew about Moira’s safe house and their involvement in the drug trafficking.
What a family, Press thought, Moira trafficking in drugs; George making girls disappear somehow; poor Macy caught in the middle.
“So Moira just sits and waits for Macy to talk to her? I don’t think so.” Preston was back under control again and something that had been nagging at him was coming into focus.
“No! Macy told me about it, and I urged her to warn Moira. She thought it was George that was trafficking the drugs. She never suspected Moira’s involvement—or mine! I told her it wouldn’t be fair to let the cops spring this on poor Moira. Macy loved Moira and it didn’t take much to convince her to warn her in advance of calling in the cops.”
Press had it all now. “So Moira makes arrangements to meet Macy, takes her for a walk into a dark area and shoots her in cold blood.”
“Don’t you see? Moira didn’t have any choice. She liked the kid, but she couldn’t have her going to the cops about the drugs. George would never support her—he’d throw her to the wolves.”
Suddenly Press knew just where that bruise on Macy’s shoulder came from.
As soon as David started talking about George and RFT International, Rachel asked Press to leave the room, and the FBI continued the interrogation. It pissed him off, but he wanted the case closed, and he really didn’t care who did it, as long as it happened. As the next few hours ticked by, David kept talking, Rachel kept taking notes, Bob and Rachel both asked questions—Press paced outside the room.
Olivette was picked up around noon and by 1:00 PM he had already rolled on Macy’s killer and had offered up George and RTF International as a bonus. Lieutenant Simpson did his best to look as if nothing he heard affected him, but, eventually, even he looked a little green as he listened to tales of the girl’s murder and George’s activities.
Just when Press thought he was going to burst, the Military Police entered the offices and Lieutenant Wallace directed them to the interrogation room. The MPs dragged off David with the JAG officer close behind them.
Press watched the transfer of their prisoner and when everything quieted down again, he turned to Rachel. “I guess this means we’re not sharing so thoroughly now?”
* * * 
Just as the team settled back down in their temporary office, Rachel received a call from DC.
“Yes…yes…address? Thanks. We owe you one, Miller. You got it!” She laughed and hung up the phone.
She smiled at Press. “We may have a lead on Sherry’s whereabouts.”
They left so fast that Olivette’s confession and the issue of who had what authority over him was quickly forgotten.
“Where are we going?” Press asked.
“Several places. First Richmond. When we get back, we’re serving a warrant on Moira,” Rachel explained. “First things first, Detective,” she laughed, cutting him off before he could say anything. She was enjoying this. “One of our agents used the information Olivette gave us, and found a warehouse in Richmond owned by a blind corporation that they were able to link back to RFT International. Richmond police and our local office there are using unmarked cars to keep an eye on the place until we can get there. The warrant will be there when we arrive.”
Jumping into Press’s big SUV and strapping herself in, she continued. “We’re going to serve a federal warrant and take a look at the property. A guy doesn’t hide something like a warehouse unless he keeps something there he doesn’t want anybody to know about.”
“You think he might have Sherry there?” Press sounded desperate to find her. He started the car and backed out of his parking space with tires squealing.
“I think it’s very likely that he’d take her somewhere where he had control over the location and where he thinks he’s safe to do what he wants, don’t you?”
“Absolutely!”
Once they got onto the highway, Rachel turned to Press. “I’m sorry to have to keep some of what we know from you, Press. I’m going to be talking to the DA later this afternoon. We’ll work something out. Until then, I really can’t share anything other than to say that David is cooperating on the federal case.”
“What about the murder case? What about Macy?”
“We’ll pick up Moira as soon as we get back from Richmond. She’s not going anywhere—she doesn’t know we picked up Olivette, and he won’t have any outside communication where we’re taking him.”
“I could kiss you, Agent Wilder!”
“I’m counting on it, Detective Andrews!
38
Richmond
Day 10
2:15 PM
As Press and two other drivers drove full-throttle toward Richmond, sirens blaring, Rachel received another call.
“That was Richmond PD. A car just drove up, and a man that sounds like George’s description opened a bay door and drove his car into the warehouse. They couldn’t tell if he had anyone with him or not. He closed the bay door again as soon as he got inside.”
“I had them call for back-up but asked them to wait for us, unless he tries to leave. They’ve already blocked the bay door.”
“We’ll be there in about five minutes,” Press told her. His mind was reeling. Would Sherry be with him? Was she still alive? 
 * * *
After several phone calls in languages she hadn’t understood, the man turned to Sherry. “Well, I think our time has come.” He ripped of the duct tape he’d put on her mouth to keep her quiet. He got some pleasure just watching her grimace with the pain. 
“What’s your name?”
He doesn’t even know who I am?
When she didn’t answer, he rose from his desk chair, walked around the desk with a knife in his hand. It was then that she noticed the gun tucked into his belt at his back. Shivers ran up and down her arms as he approached her with the knife aimed directly at her face.
“I said, what is your name?”
“Sherry. Sherry Lowell.”
“Sherry Lowell. Hum. How do you know Preston Andrews?”
Press? Oh, God, was Press in danger, too?
“Press and I used to be friends,” Sherry answered, trying to make their relationship sound very casual—unimportant.
“Used to be?” The man shoved the knife to her throat and the tip of the blade broke skin. “I think you still are. I think you are more than friends.” Putting his lips close to her ear, he whispered in a voice that made the shivers run down her spine again, “I think you are much more than friends. I think you are…lovers!” 
She felt spittle hit her cheek and neck as he spewed the word “lovers” out as if it were something nasty. Her stomach churned when she felt him lick at the drop of blood running down her throat.
“No, we’re just friends. I swear it—just friends!”
“Don’t lie to me, Sherry Lowell. Now that I have your name, I can find out everything there is to know about you and dear Preston. Actually, I think I know enough now to know that what happens to you will matter a great deal to Preston. So let’s see what we can do to make him feel!” 
He replaced the tape over her mouth. Then he grabbed the knife and in one terrifying slice she was released from the chair back. Another quick slice to the left and the right had her free from the chair legs. He grabbed her arms and knocked her to the floor.
Sherry watched the change come over him. He had been taunting her before, but now his expression was cold, hard and malevolent. She had no doubt about where this was headed. She tried to make her mind go to something else…watching Jones run down the beach after his blue Frisbee.
She felt the man tearing at her clothes, felt his weight on top of her. She found herself fighting him with everything she had. She felt his skin under her fingernails, heard him scream obscenities at her. Suddenly, she remembered seeing the gun in his waistband. 
* * *
Rushing into the warehouse, they heard muted screaming and gunshots. Suddenly, there was a silence more frightening to Press than any amount of chaos ever had been. He heard the rapid footsteps of many police officers and FBI agents rushing into the depths of the dark, dank warehouse. Snapping out of it, he was racing along with them.
He found himself entering an open area where he saw a small office with an overturned side chair with duct tape hanging from the back and legs. In front of the battered metal desk from the ‘70s were two bodies.
“Sherry!” he screamed. As he reached the pair, he saw the river of blood running down the concrete floor. Holding his breath, he reached for her. “Sherry!”
George Roberts lay partially draped across Sherry’s body. Press rolled him off her, checked quickly to assure he had no weapon and saw the gun laying on the floor on the far side of Sherry. Once he had the weapon secured, he turned his attention to Sherry.
He felt for her pulse. A fast and erratic beat reassured him just as he saw her eyes open. “Sherry, are you hurt?” He realized she couldn’t respond; the duct tape was still over her mouth. He quickly removed it and saw her wince. 
Without waiting for her answer, he started taking a quick look at her body, dreading what he might find. There was a large bloodstain on her abdomen but no sign of any wound other than a small cut on her throat.
“I’m okay, Press,” she said, as she tried to sit up.
“No, stay put! Wait for the EMS. They’re on the way.”
“I’m okay, Press. Really, I am.” She stayed put anyway. 
Press could see that Sherry was weak and very shaky. Then, he saw Rachel approach from his left. 
She bent over George Roberts. “He’s still alive.” 
Press would never feel any shame for the sense of well-being that statement gave him as he listened to the far-off whine of the ambulance. They needed George to talk. Beyond that, Press could have cared less for George’s well-being.
Rachel rode with George while Press stayed with Sherry. When they met again at the hospital, Rachel said, “He’s dead.”
“Damn! Did he say anything?” Press asked.
“You betcha, he did! He had just enough time left to tell me who killed Macy. I think he got a great deal of satisfaction telling me. Seems David panicked when you had him confined to base. He contacted George hoping to get some support from the bigger fish in his personal sea. David was too late. George already knew everything.”
“Now, Detective Andrews, come with me!” Rachel took his arm and they headed back out the ER door.
39
Virginia Beach
Day 10
6:30 PM
Crashing through the front door of the Roberts mansion, Rachel went in high, Press went in low, Trace and the FBI came in behind them—all with guns drawn.
The maid screamed. Moira came running down the stairs from the second floor. “Hands up, Moira,” Press shouted as he approached her. 
Turning to an officer that came in behind, he said, “Take her into custody, Officer.”
“What is this? What is going on?” Moira was nearly hysterical now.
“Moira Roberts, you are under arrest for the murder of Macy Roberts.” As Moira stood there so stunned she couldn’t even react, Press directed the officer, “Read Mrs. Roberts her rights and take her downtown.” He could hear the officer reading her Miranda rights as they exited the house.
He handed the maid the search warrant. “You’ll want to go to your quarters and stay out of the way while we execute this warrant.” Without any argument whatsoever, the maid rushed down the hall and out of site. 
Police officers and FBI agents scattered to various parts of the lower level, others went upstairs and so the very thorough search of the Roberts mansion, its garage and all vehicles began.
An hour later, Rachel called Press to her side. “Look what we have here!” She stood in front of a wall safe hidden behind a bookcase that swung out into the large study used by George Roberts. With a very deft hand, Rachel slowly and carefully twirled the dial time and time again until finally she heard the ‘click’ that told her that her FBI training was going to pay off.
“Remind me never to keep any secrets from you,” Press whispered.
“Ve have our vays,” she mocked him and smiled.
Inside the moderate-sized wall safe, they found cash that later counted to be one-hundred-twenty-five-thousand dollars. “Petty cash,” Rachel snickered as she handed the cash to the agent behind her.
Then she removed the several jewel cases that held emerald, ruby and diamond jewelry no doubt worn by Moira Roberts. Under the tray containing the jewels, there was a locked compartment. Inside, they found the little blue ledger in which Moira kept her records. The fact that Macy had apparently broken the lock when she accessed the safe less than two weeks earlier made accessing the ledger all that much easier.
Press took the tray of jewels and scanned it carefully. Then he reached into the ring section and pointed to a lovely emerald and diamond cocktail ring. “I think our ME is going to match that ring to the bruise on Macy’s shoulder.
“How did you know that?” Rachel asked.
“She was wearing it the morning Trace and I reported Macy’s murder,” Press explained. “I thought it was a little overkill for a morning meeting, but she was actually still dressed from the night before when Macy called her to tell her what she thought George was up to.”
“Why would she assume it was George when the ledger was in Moira’s jewel case?” Rachel wondered aloud.
“George would have been in control of Moira’s jewels and putting the case into his safe after each use. It would be just as logical for her to assume George had hidden it under the jewel tray. She loved her aunt and would never assume she could be a party to such a crime.”
Press smiled at Rachel. “Imagine how Moira’s going to react when she discovers that George was having her followed.”
“Yeah, he was a nasty son-of-a-bitch, but he did us one big favor,” Rachel smiled back.
 * * * 
The final item removed from the safe was a locked box that, once opened, was found to contain the records of George Roberts’ private enterprise. In accordance with their agreement with the District Attorney, the FBI took all contents of the safe into custody. 
The DA would get anything relative to the case against Moira Roberts—George’s operation belonged to the FBI. 
They found they could all live with that.
40
Washington, DC
Day 17
Press arrived in DC and drove directly to FBI Headquarters where he received a quick VIP tour from Bob Forrester. As Press and Bob stepped out of the elevator, Press saw Rachel moving toward them.
“Press, it’s good to see you!” 
She smiled at him and he felt his heart skip a beat. “Rachel.” It was all he dared say, for now.
She took his hand and the three entered a small conference room where they could talk privately.
“I’m so glad you came, Press. We owe you some explanations. Although we really cannot go into much detail,” she hesitated.
“I understand.”
Rachel looked deep into Press’s eyes. Yes, he really did understand. She hated to withhold information from him, but she was an FBI Agent and had a job of her own to do. If they were ever to have a future together, they would both have to accept certain limitations in what they could share with one another.
Bob explained that he had been very busy working with the State Department getting several diplomats recalled to their home countries. There, they would have to deal with their own legal systems—harsh as they might be—for the embarrassment caused to their governments.
“Press, as you suspected, RFT International was a front,” Rachel explained. “We know now that George Roberts’ operation sold young women to various countries as sex slaves.”
“This is a really nasty business and we suspect George had been at it for a long, long time. He was in very tight with diplomats from several countries whose customs, even religions, have no morality issues with enslaving women and paying top dollar for this particular commodity—especially if it’s unmarred.”
“So, what—they were kidnapping these girls and shipping them overseas somehow—human trafficking?” Press took note of the nods from both agents. “Do we know how they were getting them to the buyers?”
Bob and Rachel looked at each other before Rachel continued. “All I can tell you is that the transport of their ‘goods’ was where David Olivette’s contacts came into the picture. We’re not at liberty to tell you how or who else might have been involved. Let’s just say that the Court Martial system will be very busy for a long time. Much of it will probably never go public. That’s about all I can say.”
“Ah,” Press blew out the breath he’d been holding. “So, we’ve finally stopped sharing, heh?”
“Yes,” Rachel looked into his eyes again. “I’m sorry, but yes.”
“That’s alright, Rachel. I understand,” he said, as he smiled gently. “We knew it would happen and now it has. It’s alright! You have your job to do; I have mine. There’s no conflict here—we’re on the same side.”
Rachel knew Press could read between the lines. David was involved in using Navy to assist the traffickers—Navy resources being used somehow in the girls’ transport, getting ID papers or something that Press would never know for certain. NCIS and the FBI—and probably the Pentagon—had closed ranks and would forever keep VBPD and the public-at-large in the dark.
“What about the girls?”
“Well, we do have some good news there. Eight of the girls most recently taken have been located and are on their way back home. Unfortunately, due to the laws of the other countries involved, the so-called ‘buyers’ won’t be brought to justice, but at least we will be able to bring more girls home—with a lot of diplomacy, of course.”
“We’re still tracking four of the most recently taken, and we’re getting close. I believe we will be able to get all four of them home eventually, too. As to the women who were taken over the last twenty years…well, we’re still trying to track several of them. Of course, some will never come home,” she sighed. 
“As we find out more, the numbers may rise even higher. The Secretary of State may not get much sleep over the next few months. As I said, George had been at this for a very long time. The ledger we found may or may not be complete. There will never be any way to know whether or not we have located all of them.”
“They’ll all have a lot to get over,” Press added.
Bob spoke up. “We’ll be meeting with the DA later this week to go over the case against Moira and what can and cannot be used in her trial.”
“It was premeditated, Press. I assure you, Moira Roberts will never get out of prison. Even if she did—which she won’t,” and Rachel took a small amount of satisfaction in this, “she’d be penniless and her life would be crap.” Rachel smiled.
“What about David Olivette?” Press asked.
“David Olivette is going to be a witness against the whole trafficking ring to save his own neck. His lack of loyalty seemed to apply to everyone and everything. His court martial will guarantee that he never sees the outside of a military prison again. Even with the deal we made with him, the counts are so many he’ll never see daylight again.”
“He betrayed everyone who ever cared about him—his father, Macy, his country, even Moira—no one will come to his rescue,” Rachel assured him.
“That’ll have to be enough, won’t it?”
“Yes, it will.” She smiled.
“Well, I have a meeting. Detective, good to see you again.” Bob shook hands with Press, nodded to Rachel and left the conference room, closing the door behind him.
Rachel continued, “We know now that Moira was much more involved in George’s enterprises than we realized. The family money she brought with her when she married George set them up in business. Everything she possessed relied on George not getting caught.”
“So, to protect her own interests, she started a little enterprise of her own. Seems most of those jewels were paste. She’d swapped them out for the real thing a few at a time and set herself up in business out of George’s reach.”
“George was an ass. He abused Moira as much as he did his whores. Moira hated George even more than Macy did. If he had just treated her well, the drug business would never have been necessary and Macy would still be alive.” Rachel looked as sad as she sounded. “Murder is harder to hide than Moira thought.” 
She waited as he sat looking sadder than she’d seen him in all the weeks they’d been working together.
“What’s wrong, Press?”
A humorless laugh escaped as he looked up at her, those icy blue eyes going straight through to her very soul. “Not here. Dinner tonight?”
“Sounds good to me. I’ll meet you at the hotel as soon as I’m finished here.” She looked forward to a little down time with him. Where they went from here—who knew?
Epilogue
Virginia Beach
Several Weeks Later
Press was so very grateful that they were all safe and sound—Steffi, Jennifer, Sherry.
As for not knowing all the details or having any control over the prosecutions, he found that ultimately, he didn’t really care—as long as David Olivette and George Roberts never hurt another woman. 
As soon as Sherry’s doctor released her, she had relocated to Oregon to paint and teach privately. Since George was dead, she didn’t have to testify to what he had done to her that day. She just wanted to get away from everything that reminded her of how close she’d come to being a victim instead of a survivor of George Roberts’ evil.
A week after Moira’s arrest, George Roberts had been buried in a pauper’s grave. 
For Moira—a woman’s penitentiary for the rest of her life would be satisfactory in Press’s mind. The longer she lived in those conditions, the better he liked it.
The Feds had seized all of the Roberts’ assets, including all the foreign accounts. The money would be given to the victims of his crimes. 
Moira Roberts didn’t get bond, of course. If she had, she would have had to either get a job or live off the charity of her society friends. Frankly, there was no charity towards Moira. She was a pariah in the same circles that had held her in such high esteem just days before.
* * * 
Press and Rachel had decided that they would give their relationship a chance. DC was only five hours away by car and just a short commuter flight by air. 
Enjoying a lovely sunny weekend at the beach together, Press and Rachel snuggled under the covers and listened to the pounding surf, reflecting on the people who had lost so much.
As he nuzzled her ear, Press mused, “Poor Macy. If she hadn’t gone to Moira for help, she’d probably still be alive. Moira knew there were problems between George and Macy. She probably figured George would somehow get nabbed for Macy’s murder. It probably never occurred to her that we would zero in on David Olivette—or that David would turn on her.”
Rachel sighed. “I think Moira loved David. A strange couple—a woman abused and used by her husband with every right to hate men; a man who despised women in general, but who doted on a woman many years his senior.”
“I think Freud would have a great deal to say about that pair,” Press added.
The End
To my readers,
I hope you enjoyed your time at the beach. It’s one of my favorite haunts, and the reason I settled so near the coast. 
As I sit here writing, it occurs to me that I haven’t been there recently. Hum…is that the surf beckoning me? I do believe it is. 
Hopefully, Press and his friends are waiting for me there, and I’ll have another story to share soon.
Linda Rae

Don’t Miss Other Books
By
Linda Rae Blair
Elusive
100 Years of Brotherly Love
The Board Game Murders
Intersections: Love, Betrayal, Murder
Where is Harry?
Claire: A Woman’s Journey – NY Heiress – Chicago Mad AM
Richard: It’s In The Blood
The Preston Andrews Mysteries
Hard Press’d
Press’d Into Action
Press’d to the Wall
Press On
Pressing Engagement
Press ‘n SEAL
A Pressing Issue of Murder
Pressing The Message Home
Trace Evidence
Press’d To Kill
Visit the author’s web site:
https://lindaraeblairauthor.wordpress.com/
