Haunting a Cowboy
Ghosts of High Paradise Ranch Series, Book 1
by
Randi Alexander
“HAUNTING A COWBOY”
Ghosts of High Paradise Ranch Series, Book 1
Original Printing 2015
Revised Version Copyright © 2021 Randi Alexander
*~*~*~*
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to place of purchase and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of the author.
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by an information storage and retrieval system-except by a reviewer who may quote brief passages in a review to be printed in a magazine, newspaper, or on the web -without permission in writing from the author.
Chapter One
“Go ahead and fire me.” Thad McCade stared at his boss, Sayde Grant, across his kitchen table. “But I’m not taking a vacation.”
Sayde laughed, the crinkles around her eyes a telltale sign of her age. She tapped her pink-painted nails on the table. “Thad, you’ll do well to remember, High Paradise is my ranch, you’re my foreman, and as I see it, your well-being and the well-being of the ranch are interrelated.”
“Why do you want me out of here all of a sudden? Do you have another foreman in mind?” He ran his hand through his shaggy brown hair. He’d meant it as a joke, but he had to wonder what had gotten into her today. Had he done something wrong?
She shook her head, her gray braid skimming across her shoulders. “Of course not.” She rolled her eyes. “You’ve been an effective foreman for seven years, and before that, for five years, you were the best ranch hand I’d ever had, even though you hired on here as a pimply-faced teenager. There’s no way I could replace you.” Her voice softened, and a little smile curved her lips.
Relief flowed through him. All those years ago, he’d come looking for a job; hungry, dirty, and exhausted from hitchhiking his way across four states to this northwest corner of Montana. He knew he’d found home when he saw this ranch tucked up against the Purcell Mountains. He ran his forefinger and thumb over his mustache, then down his goatee. Sayde had been more of a mother to him than his own had been.
“But...." She set her elbows on the table and stared into his eyes. “You never get away from the work. You never leave this ranch.”
He sighed. It was true. Since his wife passed away, he’d become more of a hermit with each passing year. He worked up a plausible untruth. “Ma’am, I get out more than enough. And it’s mid-October. It’s busy around here.”
“It’s always busy around here, and you’re working too hard. It’s gonna catch up with you.”
“I have a life outside work.”
The coffee cup in front of Thad tipped over, spilling black brew that ran straight toward the edge of the table and his crotch. He jumped up. “Son of a….” He couldn’t believe it happened again, and in front of someone else.
“Mm-hmm. See, even your poltergeist knows that’s not true.”
He forced a laugh as he mopped up coffee with a couple of towels. “Poltergeist, is it? It couldn’t be just my clumsiness?”
“I know you have a ghost, Thad. I’ve been watching. Being alone now….” Her gaze shifted off to another time.
Her husband, Barrett, had passed away nearly eighteen months ago, leaving her to run one of the biggest ranches in this half of Montana. 
She blinked back to the present. “I’m awake some during the night, and I’ve seen lights going on and off over here, fading and going bright. Now, I know you haven’t installed dimmer switches.” Sayde gave him a smirk.
He set the towels in the sink and looked around the light blue kitchen that his wife had decorated. Over the years, there had been odd things happening, just now and then, but the last few weeks, the occurrences had begun to intensify. As if whoever haunted him had a timeline that was growing short.
 “I don’t know, Sayde, I think it’s just my crazy imagination playing tricks on me.” He brought his cup to the coffee pot but decided better of it and set the thing on the white countertop.
“You know what?” She put her palms flat on the table. “Let’s do this.” She stood. “I know a woman who can handle the situation, or at least appraise it.”
“No. No, thank you.” He didn’t need one of Sayde’s psychic advisors poking around in his house. “There’s nothing here that I can’t handle.”
The screen door opened an inch and smacked shut.
They both stared at it, then looked at each other.
“Just the wind, right?” Sayde lifted one gray brow. “Even though the trees aren’t moving at all?”
Thad’s jaw tightened. Each night for the last five days, around six or seven, his truck keys would rattle in the bowl by the door, then the screen door would creak open a crack and slap shut. Sometimes the porch light snapped on, too. Somebody trying to tell him to get out? Take a drive? Every night, he ignored it, and it went away.
“Thad, that’s a sign. Someone is trying to communicate with us, and this woman I know—”
“Ma’am, I’d really prefer not to do this.” It wasn’t often they butted heads about anything, but this was his private life.
She held up her index finger. “You’re forgetting who owns this house.” She pointed to herself. “Now, if I was concerned that you had an infestation of rodents, I’d have an exterminator come out. Even if you swore up and down that the rats were your pets.”
He had to bite his lips to keep from laughing. “You’re saying I’m infested?” He leaned back on the counter, his fingers curling around the edge of the countertop.
“I’m saying that I’m concerned about what’s happening, and I don’t want it to affect you.”
He had a joke on his tongue about her only being worried about losing a hard-working foreman to a ghost, but he knew it was more than that. She really did care about him as a person.
“And if this woman can...." She waved her hands up toward the ceiling. “Fluff these spirits to where they can rest, well then we’re doing some other entities a favor, too.”
How could he say no to that logic? “Okay, fine. Bring on the ghost buster.”
“Perfect. You won’t regret this.” She pushed open the screen door, then turned back toward him. “And once we’ve taken care of this, we’ll talk about your vacation.”
He smiled and shook his head. “You’re the boss.”
****
The next morning, Thad rode the fenceline on the lower eighty acres. New hires meant the need to double-check all their work, even though they’d been teamed with an experienced hand. The field of wildflowers stretching for miles in front of him hadn’t been flattened by the cattle yet, and he stopped to look. 
The sun angled over the mountains, turning the colors blindingly intense. Butterflies flapped their wings as they flew between blossoms, fuzzy white tufts of seed parachutes drifted on slow, warm air currents.
Melissa would have loved this.
His chest tightened. Not as bad as it did the first couple years after she’d passed, but still, a pain lingered there. He turned Gator toward the middle of the field and kicked him into a run. The leopard Appaloosa took his head and raced across the field, kicking up clods of dirt.
Thad leaned over him, letting the smell of earth and the taste of freedom race through him. His hat flew off, but he kept going, loving the feel of the powerful animal under him. The gelding slid a few times as the terrain became rockier near the river but kept steady. Thad eased back, slowing them until they trotted along the riverbank, then stopped. Gator took a drink from the fast-running, clear water.
At one time in his life, he would have raced Gator through the river and up the other side, but he’d learned how fragile life could be, how one little slip could bring it to a devastating end.
He dismounted and walked the horse a ways, listening to the birds, watching the shadows on the mountains as clouds passed over them. If Sayde forced him to take a vacation, he’d head up there. Somewhere no one had been before, camp and live off the land for a week. That was his idea of time off. If Sayde had her say? She’d have him booking into a singles resort in Cabo or a cruise on some love boat.
He’d done a honeymoon getaway at a Mexican resort seven years ago with Melissa, but he’d only gone along...and pretended to enjoy it...because it was something she’d wanted to do.
The land was what he loved. He jumped up onto Gator’s back and turned him toward home, heading back the way they came to pick up his favorite hat. 
Just because he hadn’t had a vacation since then…yeah, seven years was a long time. Sayde was wrong about one thing, though; he did make the trip forty miles to town. Once a month or so, when the urge grew too strong, he’d head to a bar and find a willing lady to spend a couple hours with him, sometimes even a night.
The problem was, he always returned home with a belly full of guilt. Intellectually, he knew he couldn’t betray a wife who’d been dead for five years. But how could he tell his heart that?
****
Two days later, Sayde dropped by the horse barn.
Thad leaned on a stall door, watching the wrangler walk a new half-broke horse through the building.
“She’s a beauty.” Sayde stopped next to Thad.
“She is. Will she be your new ride?” The minute he said it, he regretted it.
“Aw, Mazie.” She walked back to the last stall in the barn and put her hand inside. “Hi, girl, how are you today?”
The old palomino slowly lifted her head.
“It’s me, old friend.” Sayde patted her pockets.
Thad headed toward her, digging a handful of sugar cubes out of his pocket. He gave them to Sayde. “She’s holding her own, but she doesn’t want to leave her stall often.”
The old horse sniffed the air, let out a groan, and shuffled over toward them.
“You’re sure she’s in no pain?” Sayde fed the sugar to Mazie and petted her gently.
“I’m sure. Vet’s got her on some meds. She’s sleeping a lot but doing okay.” The horse wasn’t long for this world. Sayde had raised her from a foal and would be the one to make any decisions on her longevity.
“She’s a good old girl.” Sayde turned her face away and swiped at her cheeks.
Thad wandered away, giving her some space. He understood the connection between them. His wife had been very attached to her horse. If he could have managed it, he would have buried them together, but…
“Thad?” Sayde followed him.
He stopped and waited, pushing aside the pain that threatened his composure. “Yes, ma’am?”
“I set up a time for my friend to come out and visit your house.”
He’d been hoping she had forgotten. “You weren’t joking about that, huh?” Not only would his space be invaded, but he’d need to do some cleaning up first. “When’s she coming?”
“Tonight.”
“Tonight?” Thad spun on her. “Are you serious?”
“Is that a problem?” Her brown eyes widened as if hoping he had a date or something.
“No, just...." How fussy would he sound if he said his house was a mess and he couldn’t have company?
“She’s going to be in the area for work, so I told her she could come stay here a few days.”
Thad’s head jerked back. “You’re going to let her stay on the ranch?”
She gave him a little smile. “She’s my friend, Thad, besides being a ghost whisperer.”
“Ghost. Whisperer.” Those two words together made no sense to him.
Sayde started walking, and Thad had to catch up. “Are you sure she’s not just using you? You know, trying to...." What was the word he was looking for?
“Con me out of all my money?” She kept walking.
“Yes. It’s happened.”
Sayde waved a hand at him. “When you meet her, you’ll understand. Madam Ruby will be joining me for supper, then I’ll send her over your way about eight. Unless you’d like to have supper with us?”
Thad shook his head, then watched his boss stroll toward her house. “Madam Ruby, my ass.” While this ghost whisperer checked out his paranormal activity, he would be running a background check on Madam Ruby.
****
That night after sunset, Thad sat on the porch, his booted feet propped up on the railing. The clock he and Melissa had received as a wedding gift gave eight bongs. “Witching hour for Madam Ruby.”
A few minutes later, from the direction of Sayde’s house on the other side of a small hill, two headlights headed his way along the gravel driveway.
He dropped his feet and stood. That'd be her, probably driving a VW Beetle or an old ‘60s van with psychedelic flowers painted on the side.
Instead, a sleek black foreign-made SUV pulled up to his porch.
The driver’s door swung open, and two long, pale legs in sexy black pumps swung out.
“Hello.” Her voice floated soft, melodic.
He trotted down the steps and stopped right in front of her. This couldn’t be her. “Ma’am? Can I help you?
“Sure, thanks.” She put her hand out.
It wasn’t quite what he’d meant, but he took her hand.
A sizzle raced up his arm to buck in his chest like a spring colt. He helped her stand.
She stood nearly as tall as him, gorgeous, strawberry blonde hair falling below her shoulders. Her dark gray pinstripe suit fit her curvy body well, the skirt sliding down her thighs, covering nearly to her knees. She’d painted her lips a tempting coral color, but when her gaze met his, oh, those eyes. A blue like an early morning Montana sky. They seemed to read him down to his soul.
“Ma’am, can I help you find something?” She had to be lost.
“If you’re Thad McCade, I’ve found what I’m looking for.”
“You’re not—"
“Yes, I am.” She shut her car door. “I’m Madam Ruby.”
Chapter Two
Cheyenne Redford smiled at the tall cowboy in front of her. His dark hair ruffled in the soft breeze, his whiskey-brown eyes seemed soulful in the yard light. But those eyes seemed older than the twenty-nine years he’d been on this planet.
His shocked expression was worth every penny of gas money she’d spent driving out here from Helena.
“You’re not what I expected.” His gaze shot to her feet, then back to her face, taking her all in with one quick look.
His dark T-shirt showed off strong pecs, a flat stomach, and work-toned biceps. He was a whole lot of sexy in one well-muscled package, but the attraction sizzling between them threatened to sidetrack her gift. “Before I get any more impressions from you, can I go inside, see what’s happening?”
He ran his hand over his goatee. “About that, I’d prefer if you would tell Sayde you tried but weren’t—”
Buzzing started at her right temple. Cheyenne held up her hand. “There’s something.” Something strong that pulled her toward the house almost physically. She stepped around him and climbed the first few steps.
“Now, ma’am, wait just a second.” His voice sounded far away as she entered another realm.
She walked across the porch.
“Yeah, fine, please, go right ahead. Don’t mind me.” He laced the words with sarcasm.
Even focused on the entity inside, she had to smile at his tone.
She touched the screen door. Whoever existed here on a different plane loved this door. Loved the view when they stood inside it. “A woman.” The thought went straight from her head to her mouth. Cheyenne opened the door, walked into the room, then turned and looked outside. “Yes, it is beautiful.” The mountains stood dark against the inky blue evening sky. 
Not only did she see pictures in her mind, but words popped into her consciousness. This was a very powerful being. 
“Hold on a minute.” Thad sounded panicked as he took the steps two at a time.
“She stood here often.”
He stopped as if he’d hit a wall. “Who?” His eyes shifted around as if he expected to see someone else besides the two of them.
Cheyenne pushed open the screen door to let him in and stepped backward into the room. “Please, you’re needed.”
He grabbed the door and came inside, his boots loud on the blue floor. Slowly he let the screen door close. Silence dropped, heavy and expectant. 
“She loved the sound of the screen door slapping shut. It told her you’d come home.” Cheyenne could almost see it happening over and over again, day after day.
He groaned as if in pain. “Where is this coming from? How do you know this?”
She looked around at the white appliances, the little things like the blue and white towels, and the colorful magnets on the refrigerator that felt like a woman’s touch. Taking a deep breath, Cheyenne closed her eyes and opened herself to receive whatever information the spirit wanted to tell her. It took only seconds for her third eye to see.
“She’s so lovely. Petite with long black hair and hazel eyes.”
Thad grasped the top of a wooden kitchen chair. “You saw pictures of her. At Sayde’s house, right?”
Cheyenne opened her eyes.
He jerked as if struck. “Your eyes are—"
“Don’t be alarmed. It’s just something physical that happens to me when I’m reaching for another dimension.” She knew they’d turned nearly black.
“That’s a good trick, but it doesn’t prove anything.”
Cheyenne held up her hands. “I have nothing to prove.” She closed her eyes. The woman in her mind’s eye held something. Something small and… “A baby. She has a baby in her arms.”
“Ah, Jesus.” Thad’s head dropped forward, and he sucked in a breath. “Leave. Now. Please.”
She heard his words, but the woman in her vision reached toward Thad, crying. Wasn’t your fault. You’re my rock.
“It wasn’t your fault. She called you her rock.”
Thad pressed his hands to his temples. “Stop. You have to leave. Now.” He walked toward her, his eyes frantic, haunted. “Don’t say any more. Please.”
Cheyenne wouldn’t push him. She stepped to the screen door. The woman reached out, wanting her to stay, wanting to communicate with Thad. “I’ll be back,” Cheyenne promised her.
“No, you won’t.” He stepped around her and pushed open the screen door, his body vibrating with what Cheyenne recognized as anger and fear.
A blast of despair washed through her, so strong it nearly made her throw up. Cheyenne rarely felt so many emotions coming from the living. Something in him touched her deeply. She walked out onto the porch, and he let the screen door slam.
“I’m so sorry, Thad.” She sniffled then realized tears poured from her eyes. She’d connected with him on a spiritual level and was experiencing his emotions.
He stared at her as he closed the heavy wood door. The lock clicked, shutting her out.
Tonight’s experience had been exceptional. She walked to the support post and leaned against it. To have a clairsentient connection with a living being took her to a level she’d never thought she’d attain. Usually, her clairvoyance of the deceased came muted and took a great deal of time to filter, but the woman in her vision appeared nearly three-dimensional. What did this mean?
The porch light went off, and she took the hint. Her legs shook as she walked down the steps. There was someone in this house that needed her help, and somehow she’d find a way. “Thaddeus McCade, I promise I’ll not let you down.”
She slid into her Mercedes and headed back over the hill toward Sayde’s. She’d have to cancel her meetings tomorrow in town. Whatever was shaking the foundations of this house, she wanted to help Thad face it head-on. Whether he liked it or not.
In minutes, Sayde had Cheyenne sitting next to her on a leather couch in front of a crackling fire in the stone fireplace. They each held a large balloon glass of red wine.
“I won’t ask you what happened because I know that’s personal, but did you give him any relief?”
“No.” Cheyenne sipped the dry wine. “I need to go back, but he’s not going to be happy about it.”
“Stay as long as you need. This is very important to me. Whatever is happening...." Sayde shook her head.
“It’s very strong. I hope I didn’t make things worse.” She’d made mistakes before, had said the wrong thing, and ended up with unhappy results.
“No, you just have to understand, Thad. He’s a...." Her brows lifted, and her head tilted. “You should get out for a ride tomorrow.”
Cheyenne lowered her brows. “He’s not going to like that.”
Sayde grinned and sipped her wine. “Well, he’s not the boss.”
****
Thad trudged toward the barn well after seven the next morning, tugging his black cowboy hat onto his wet hair. He hadn’t slept much during the night, then had overslept this morning. The house had been silent, no ghost of…whoever it was. He still couldn’t wrap his brain around it being Melissa, but damned if he hadn’t wondered about that over the years. And especially lately, so close to the anniversary of her death.
His phone rang. Sayde.
“Morning, Mizz Sayde.”
“Good morning, Thad. How’d it go yesterday?”
Hadn’t her friend Madam Ruby filled her in on all the details? “Just fine. It’s all fixed.”
Sayde’s snort came loud and clear through the phone. “Cheyenne...or Madam Ruby as you know her...was hoping to get in some riding today. I need to be in town most of the morning. Are you heading out on horseback?”
Cheyenne. He couldn’t quite picture that being her name. Not with that suit and fancy vehicle. 
“Thad? Did you hear me?” Her voice came loud through the phone.
He had been heading out, but suddenly his plans changed. “I can have a hand take her riding. I’ll call you back after I—”
“I’d rather it be you, Thad. You know every square foot of this ranch, and I’d feel more comfortable if she rode with you.”
Thad stormed into the barn, gritting his teeth. How could he say no to such a seemingly innocent request? “I’d be glad to take her with me.” A city girl. They’d have to travel slow, stop often, and head back before he even got to where he’d intended to go today. 
“Perfect, thank you. I’ll send her right down.” She disconnected.
“Perfect.” The word blasted out of his mouth like buckshot.
“Boss?” One of the ranch hands stood feeding Mazie by hand. 
Thad liked being called boss, a sign of respect from his workers. He’d expected to be the big boss of his own spread by now and would have been if his life hadn’t gone to hell that day five years ago.
The old horse chewed slowly, staring at Thad.
“Hey, girl.” He stepped into the stall. “How’s she today, Reede?”
“’Bout the same. Didn’t drink much last night.”
Thad put his ear to her chest. Her lungs wheezed, but her heart beat steady. He looked her over, keeping his hands on her gently, letting her know where he was. “You’ll let me know when...." He looked at Reede.
He looked back, his blue eyes filled with sorrow. “Yes, sir. You first, then Mrs. Grant.” He ran a hand down her long nose. “Then the vet, if necessary.” Reede Munro’s dark blond hair had gotten a little long, an untrimmed beard shading his jaw. The guy didn’t make it to town much, choosing instead to work the ranch animals nearly three-hundred sixty-five days a year. 
He was a large animal vet by training but chose to work on the High Paradise instead of running his own veterinarian practice. There was a story there, but it was none of Thad’s business.
“Good.” Thad left the stall. “I’m goin’ riding with Mrs. Grant’s houseguest.” He headed toward the tack room.
“Have fun.” Reede had the balls to laugh.
“Yeah, I’m really looking forward to it.” The sarcasm in his own voice surprised him. Did he dislike her that much, or just resent the idea that Sayde forced him to babysit... He spotted her standing just outside the door to the tack room, her face pale under her white cowgirl hat, her hair hanging in twin braids. 
“If this isn’t a good time for you, I can sure wait until Sayde gets back.”
“No, ma’am.” He touched the brim of his hat and walked past her, guilt making him want to hide his face from her. Walking out with two bridles, he gestured for her to follow him. “We’ve got a few choices for you.” 
He stopped at the first stall. “She’s well broke, won’t spook on you.”
“Raindrop.” Cheyenne held her hand to the horse’s nose then scratched around her ear.
“Unless there’s thunder. Then she’s a little unpredictable.” Thad took a moment to appreciate the tight jeans Cheyenne wore on her endlessly long legs, the long-sleeved cotton shirt, and suede vest that hugged her curves just right.
When he finally finished staring at her breasts and looked up a few more inches, her gaze met his. “I’d like a horse with a little more…fire.” Her eyes darkened just a bit as a zipline of awareness ran between them.
Now he could see how the name Cheyenne fit her perfectly. “Fire, huh?” The words came out of him like a challenge.
She squared off and dipped her chin an inch. “Yeah, fire. I’ve been riding since I was a girl. I can handle a spirited mount.” She lifted one eyebrow.
Down low in his belly, heat raced toward a spot behind his fly. Did she realize what she’d just said? “Fine, Madam Ruby. Let’s get you on top of something that’ll challenge you some.”
Her cocky look dropped away as color raced to her cheeks.
Yeah, now she knew she’d stirred the rattler’s nest.
“Look who wants to take a walk?” Reede held Mazie’s halter, trying to catch up to the horse and attach a lead rope to it.
“Oh, she’s so beautiful.” Cheyenne greeted the horse and stroked her as she plodded by. “She’s walking funny.” Her gaze shot to Thad’s.
“She’s been with Sayde for over thirty years. It’s…close to her time.”
The woman let out a long breath. “Sayde didn’t say anything.”
“A little bit of denial going on, there.”
She turned to him. “Sound familiar?”
With just those two words, Thad’s warm, fuzzy, sexy feeling for this woman disappeared. He spun on his heel, walked down three stalls, and in seconds, led Righteous through the barn. The black gelding tossed his head and pranced a bit. He wasn’t one of their wildest horses, but he’d be a little bit of a handful for Miss Ghostbuster.
“He’s lively.” Her voice came out quiet.
He turned to look at her.
She smiled at him, almost apologetically.
Thad stepped in a fresh, steaming pile of horse apples. This was going to be one hell of a long ride.
Chapter Three
Cheyenne stared at the back of the cowboy in front of her. During their ride, Thad had replied to her questions about the ranch with monosyllabic answers as he plodded along a well-worn path on top of Gator.
She hadn’t bothered to ask where Gator got his name. The horse’s spots resembled alligator skin, except not green. Or slimy. She shivered. Any kind of water creature freaked her out a little.
Under her, Righteous shook with the desire to break free into a run. Cheyenne felt the need for speed, too. With a quick kick, the horse trotted up beside Gator.
Thad looked at her from under his black cowboy hat. “Tired? Want to go back?”
“More like bored.” Cheyenne hadn’t noticed it last night; the crooked angle in the middle of his strong nose. It looked like it had been broken at one time. It gave him a wild look, somehow, and it stirred something a little untamed inside her. If circumstances were different, she’d be flirting the shit out of this cowboy. “Can I run him?” A field opened to their left, gently sloping downward.
He rubbed the back of his neck. “If you’re sure you can....”
She didn’t waste another second. Kicking Righteous into a gallop, then a run, Cheyenne wrapped the reins around her wrist and leaned down over his neck, hanging on with one hand on the pommel, one tight in the gelding’s mane. The pasture whizzed by in a blur beneath them, the thudding of hooves and the horse’s loud breaths the only sounds she heard. She laughed, loud and free. She hadn’t done this in months, and it felt like a recharge to her soul.
They ran in perfect synchronization, muscles straining, wind strong on her face, until they nearly ran out of pasture.
From somewhere behind them, Thad’s voice reached her. 
She risked a look.
He ran Gator, charging after her.
“Woo-hoo!” She squeezed her legs tighter around Righteous, encouraging him to win this race.
Hooves pounded behind her. “Slow down, damn it!” His voice came from much closer this time.
They neared a stand of trees, and the pasture gradually gave way to rockier ground. She eased the horse to a slow, loping run.
He reined up next to her. “This isn’t where you want to be running your horse. It’s rocky, there are tree roots.”
She could tell he had a difficult time keeping his anger under control. Or was it something else? He looked pale. “Thanks, I saw the trees coming.”
They slowed their horses, and he pulled off his hat and wiped his brow with his shirtsleeve.
How had he broken a sweat? It wasn’t that warm today. When she caught his gaze, her instinct told her it was anxiety. He was…afraid? For her? It seemed a bit of overkill, but maybe he was just a control freak.
The shine of sun bouncing off something to the left blinded her for a second. “Is that a river?”
“Yes.” He didn’t seem to be turning in that direction and instead guided her in a wide circle heading back toward the ranch.
“Can we get to it?”
Heaving a long sigh, he turned his horse, slowing to a walk, and they wandered down a path toward the river.
They tied their horses to a tree where the animals could drink as much water as they needed and munch on the sweet grass growing between the rocks.
Cheyenne walked along the rocky bank. The trickle of the water almost made her want to peel off her boots and socks and stick her feet in. Almost. 
Thad’s booted feet clomped somewhere behind her. 
She came to a log lying parallel to the bank and sat on one end of it.
Thad stopped, then a few seconds later, sat on the other end. 
Cheyenne stared at his profile. His jaw tightened, his lips pressed together, but that shaggy hair flipping out from under his hat was so damn sexy. His hand, braced on the log beside him, looked strong and tanned, scarred a bit, and she could almost feel how his callouses would scrape along her skin, just rough enough to excite her, fire up the need for hot, stormy sex. Low in her belly, an ache started to grow, need as unexpected as a lightning bolt from a blue sky filled her nerve endings.
She shook her head. It’d just been too long since she’d been with a man. It couldn’t be that she felt an actual attraction to Thad, could it? Closing her eyes, she could see him shoving her against a wall, lifting her leg and touching…
“You okay?” His voice rumbled like he’d be pissed if she weren’t.
“Yes.” She let out a breath. “No.” The words she’d sliced him with in the barn niggled at her conscience. “I need to apologize for my comment in the barn.” Earlier, when the words had slid right from her head and out her mouth, she’d been pissed at the nasty tone in his response to the ranch hand. Like she was some terrible burden he’d been forced to bear. 
He sat staring at the river for long minutes. “Yeah. No problem.”
Now it was her turn to sit silently. She wouldn’t push him, but she could sense he had something on his mind, too.
“I expected someone different.” The words seemed almost dragged out of him.
“I’m sure. You figured I’d have a tie-dyed dress, shawls, ankle bells.”
A small snort accompanied a barely-there smile. “Something like that.”
Cheyenne stretched her legs out and crossed one ankle over the other.
His eyes ran the length of her legs, then stopped at her boots. He squinted. “You must make good money at this…job?”
She bit back a smile. He stared at the stamp on the inside arch of her boots. Yes, they’d been custom-made by the best bootmaker in the US. “I make good money at my job, but ghost chasing isn’t my job, it’s a hobby. I’m an attorney. That’s where the suits and boots and car come from.”
His head swung toward her so fast, she expected him to lose his balance. “An attorney?”
“Uh-huh. I work in my mother’s firm. We do real estate law, and I handle the west half of Montana.”
“You’re serious.” His brows drew downward.
“Yes, I’m serious.” She leaned to the side and pulled out a business card from her back pocket. 
His gaze followed her hand but stayed on her ass.
Something inside her heated and softened. He could look at her like that any day. Or night.
“Habit.” She handed the card to him. “Always carry a business card. My mother’s slogan.”
He took it, glanced at it, and slid it into his shirt pocket. “So why the...." He made spirit fingers with his hands, the way she had done in cheerleading years ago.
“In college, I found out I had strong psychic abilities.” She smiled. “Old dorm building, lots of wandering spirits.”
“That’s...." He just shook his head and watched the water flow past.
“Let me just say that what happened last night was not the way I usually do things.”
He gave her a sideways glare.
“I came on too strong, but the spirit seemed almost frantic to get her message to you.”
Thad leaned his forearms on his thighs and laced his fingers together. “You’ve got to understand how difficult this is for me to believe.” He dropped his head. “First, having things going on in the house, then finding out it’s Melissa.” He barely moved. She couldn’t even see his chest rising and falling.
“I can empathize.” She could almost feel the uncertainty pouring from him. She wouldn’t ask him to try again. He needed time, and he’d have to initiate the request. “But, I should also be getting back.” She stood and walked past him toward the horses.
He sucked in a breath as if he wanted to say something, but nothing came out.
They rode back in silence.
****
“Stop turning yourself into a hermit.” The woman’s whisper came so clearly into Thad’s head, he jerked awake and sat up in bed. Sweat trickled down his forehead, stinging his eyes.
“This ain’t right.” In his dream, he’d been at the church cemetery placing flowers on Melissa’s grave. Wind had started swirling around him, changing colors and forming shapes. He’d tried to run, but he couldn’t get purchase on the greasy soil. Then he’d heard the voice.
Thad snapped on the lamp and swung his legs out of bed. He padded toward the kitchen, just wearing his briefs, and turned on the light. He thought about flicking it on and off a few times for Sayde’s benefit if she was awake but pulled a bottle of beer out of the refrigerator instead. It felt warm.
“Damn ghost. Fucking with a man’s brew just ain’t right.” Some days, things ended up room temperature, other days, everything in the refrigerator froze solid. He waited to see if the specter would reply somehow, but the place stayed quiet. “Guess the nightmare was enough for one night, huh?”
He walked to the living room and plopped down in his recliner, then turned on the television. A rebroadcast of the local rodeo played. 
Melissa had loved rodeo. He glanced around the room. Was she here watching it with him? The thought sent chills from his spine all the way across his skin. He had to get this sorted out. He couldn’t live like this any longer. It had to end.
****
“Come in.” Sayde opened the door for Thad and ushered him into her modern stainless steel kitchen. “Coffee? Beer?”
He took off his hat and set it on a bench by the door. “It’s only ten in the morning, ma’am. Coffee’d do just fine.”
She chuckled. “The way your voice sounded on the phone just now, I thought you might need something stronger.”
He sunk into a carved wood chair at the big kitchen table. “I probably could, but I need a clear head for this.”
She turned and frowned at him. “That doesn’t sound good.” Carrying two steaming mugs of coffee, she sat across the table from him. “What’s going on?”
“Did Madam Ruby tell you anything?”
She smiled. “No, Cheyenne didn’t say a word, although I was inordinately curious.” She blew on her coffee. “But you don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to.”
He was tempted to share everything; the alleged identity of the ghost, the way he’d freaked out the night Cheyenne came into his house, the nightmare. But with Sayde having just lost her husband, he didn’t want to stir up any unnecessary emotions.
“Her car’s gone.” Had she decided he was a lost cause and left for good?
“She has a court date this morning but should be back sometime this afternoon.” Sayde leaned forward. “Are you thinking about giving it another try?”
He held up one hand. “I’ve got questions first.” Picking up his cup, he sipped the dark brew. “How did you meet her?”
“We met in Bozeman at a psychic convention. I was going to every table asking for information on Barrett.” She shrugged. “Strange things had been happening around the house, and I wanted to know if it was my imagination or if he’d come back.”
This was the first Thad had heard about Sayde’s haunting. “And she was the lucky psychic?”
“No, she approached me later at the bar. Said she’d gotten a message from the man I’d been asking about and that he wanted to tell me he was in a safe place.” Sayde blinked a few times. 
“And how much did she charge you for that?”
Her lips tightened. “Why are you so suspicious?”
“Why wouldn’t I be suspicious of a woman who’s going to come into my house and tell me I have a ghost, dance around, light some herbs to get rid of it, and charge me a thousand dollars?”
“Has she sent you an invoice yet?” Her brows lifted.
True, Cheyenne hadn’t discussed money and seemed to have more than enough from her day job.
“Cheyenne and I have become friends. Good friends, despite our age difference.” Sayde got up and grabbed the coffee pot, then refilled their mugs. “She said it was okay for me to answer your questions about her.” She plopped down in her chair. “So, shoot.”
Madame Ruby had known he’d be asking questions? Of course, she would have, the way he’d acted when she’d shown up and waltzed right into his house. But he’d be a fool if he missed this opportunity. “What’s her story? She mentioned her mother, her work. What about her father?”
With a snort, his boss flapped her hand in the air. “He’s an heir to some oil fortune, hasn’t worked a day in his life, and thinks golfing in Phoenix is his life’s calling.”
Interesting. “And her parents are divorced?”
“No. They just lead separate lives. Cheyenne had the choice of being rich and spoiled but chose to work with her mother instead.”
“And their firm does well?” He knew the answer to that one but wanted to hear what Sayde thought.
“They do, and they work a lot of pro-bono jobs, fund a foundation, and host charity events to raise money for just about every local organization you can name.”
She sounded too good to be true. “And in her spare time?”
Sayde laughed. “If I didn’t like you so much, cowboy, your smart-ass sense of humor would annoy the hell out of me.”
He set his elbow on the table and dropped his forehead onto his palm. “I don’t know what to do, Sayde.”
“Thad, there’s something happening. It’s been escalating lately. You’d like to get to the bottom of it. So what would it hurt for you to let her try one more time? She’s leaving tomorrow. You could have this all over and done with tonight.”
Thad stared at the table. “Yeah. I know you’re right, but damn if it makes any sense.” He could give it another chance. He’d be prepared for the worst this time, so he wouldn’t go all drama-queen on Cheyenne. “Fine.” He stood. “Have her stop by if she wants.”
Sayde sat back in her seat. “Will do. And why don’t you take the rest of the day to get that pigsty of a house cleaned up.”
He shook his head. “Fine. I’ll clean.”
She just laughed.
Chapter Four
Cheyenne stepped up onto Thad’s porch at seven that evening. At first, when Sayde told her Thad wanted her to try again, she didn’t believe it and had made Sayde swear she was telling the truth. The heavy wood door stood open, and she knocked on the frame of the screen door.
Thad walked toward her, a bag of garbage hanging from one hand and a dustpan in the other. “Hi.”
She smiled. “Hi. Cleaning?”
He looked down at his hands. “Uh, yep.” He pushed open the door and held it for her.
She walked in past him, and he tossed the bag out onto the porch.
Taking a deep breath, she caught the scent of his aftershave, spicy and kind of woodsy. His jeans and button-front red plaid shirt looked freshly pressed.
“Thanks for coming.” He stared at her.
Was he waiting for her to start communicating with the spirit? She looked behind him at the white refrigerator. Her business card sat under a strawberry magnet. At least he hadn’t thrown it in the river yesterday.
“So, what do we do?” He fidgeted from one stockinged foot to the other.
She slipped out of her deck shoes, her bare feet connecting with the cool linoleum of the kitchen floor.
He looked at her toes. “You don’t have to take off your…ah, well. That’s fine.” 
She’d painted them that afternoon on the pool deck behind Sayde’s house. It was nice to show them off to someone. “Mind if I walk around?” She hadn’t picked up anything psychic yet, which seemed strange after the urgency of the woman’s contact two days ago.
“No. Please.” He stepped back and gestured toward the other rooms. 
The dining room hutch held a couple of crystal bowls, but the wood table was bare. In the living room, a red couch faced a small fireplace, and a black leather recliner faced a big-ass television. “You watch sports? Rodeo? NASCAR?”
“All of the above. Mostly football.”
She could picture him playing football. He had the big build for it. “College?” 
“Never attended.”
Her gaze shot to his. He’d misunderstood what she’d asked.
His chin came up an inch, and his eyes narrowed. Was he defensive about not having a degree?
“No, I mean, do you watch college ball, since Montana doesn’t have an NFL team.”
He tipped his head down. “I’m a Cowboys fan. Grew up in Oklahoma.” 
“Oh.” He was a long way from home. She wandered out of the room and down a hallway. The bathroom shone in peach and green tiles. “Pretty.”
Behind her, he cleared his throat. “Sayde let us remodel the bathrooms…as a wedding gift.”
“It’s very tasteful.”
“Melissa, that’s my…that was my wife, she worked at a furniture store as a decorator. That’s how we met.”
Cheyenne looked into his eyes. The hint of his ever-present sadness seemed a little deeper today. “How long were you married before she passed?”
“Two years. She’s been gone five.” He walked away, down the hall.
He’d been alone five years? Well, not exactly alone, if Melissa was still present here. Cheyenne followed, passing an empty room. 
He stopped at the last door and stood back to let her enter.
She stepped in, her feet sinking into thick white carpeting. A four-poster bed with a mossy green quilt stood surrounded by white furniture.
“You feel anything?” He leaned against the door jamb with his hands in his front pockets.
Cheyenne had to swallow hard. He was one sexy cowboy, and being in his bedroom turned on some switch deep in her belly. Her exhale had a little sigh with it.
He frowned.
A noise from the direction of the kitchen made both of them jerk, and he turned and walked toward the sound.
She looked at the closed closet doors and fisted her hands, desperately wanting to know what was in there but wishing to respect his privacy. “Oh heck.” Curiosity prevailed. Grabbing the knobs, she pulled them open.
Only men’s clothes. She breathed a sigh of relief. If she’d spotted his wife’s clothes still in there, she would have suggested a trip to a grief counselor for him. His few shirts and jeans hung neatly, looking lost in the big closet. Far to one end, a black suit hung next to a white shirt. Funeral clothes. She shut the doors and turned.
He stood frowning at her.
Gasping, she patted her chest over her heart. “You scared me, there.” 
His eyes followed her movement, then shot to the closet. His jaw worked.
Before he could question her, she pointed in the direction of the kitchen. “What was the noise?”
“Just the trash bag falling over on the porch.” He stood back, gesturing for her to go ahead of him. 
She wandered down the hall. “What about upstairs?”
“Four bedrooms. Not used.” His words came out clipped. Cheyenne had a burst of sorrow when she imagined how he and Melissa must have planned to fill every one of those rooms with children. 
“Since you’re obviously curious, I returned all of Melissa’s possessions to her family after...." He stopped in the dining room. “All except a few things I’d given her.”
She looked at the hutch. That explained the sparseness of decorative pieces. She padded into the kitchen and stood at the screen door, hoping that would trigger some activity.
“You want some coffee? Water? A beer?”
She could use something stronger, like a shot of Jack, but she nodded. “Sure, a beer would be good right now.”
“Might not be cold.” He opened the refrigerator door and pulled out two bottles. He held them up and smiled. “Ice cold.”
Oh, jeepers, that smile. If she thought he couldn’t get any sexier, she was wrong. A little crooked, it turned his face movie-star handsome. His face sobered. “What’s wrong?”
Crap, she’d been staring at him. “Nothing. Sorry.” She pulled out one of the chairs from the kitchen table and sat as he twisted the top off the bottles and set one in front of her. “So, why were you surprised the beer was cold?”
He took a seat across the table from her. “About a month ago, the refrigerator started acting up. Freezing everything some days, then not doing a damn thing other days.” His lip curved down at one corner. “Pardon my language.”
She nearly rolled her eyes. She used much worse language nearly every day.
“I looked at it.” His long fingers turned the bottle in a circle on the table. “Had the ranch mechanic look at it and finally had a service man come out from town.” One brow lifted. “There’s nothing wrong with it.”
Cheyenne tipped her head. “Do you think it’s her?” She hadn’t seen a spirit use appliances before.
Leaning forward, he rested his forearms on the table. Muscled and dusted with a sexy number of brown hairs, she stared at them a little too long.
“I figured it was the ghost when it started happening to other appliances, too.”
Her eyes traveled up his arm, past his big biceps, then to his face. “What happened?”
“I’d put a frozen dinner in the microwave, and it’d still be frozen after five minutes on high.” He gestured to the oven. “Had a casserole from Sayde’s cook that I put in the oven at three-fifty, and fifteen minutes later, I smelled burning.” He puffed out a quick laugh. “Darn thing was up at five-hundred degrees.”
She looked around the room, then caught his gaze. “Sayde mentioned the keys in the bowl by the door and the screen door opening.” Swallowing hard, she made herself ask a hard question. “You know your wife better than anyone. What do you think she’s trying to tell you?”
“That I should eat out more because I’m a really bad cook?” His lips curled up.
She laughed. “You must be more than just bad to warrant all this attention.”
“Yeah, you’re right.” He talked about the few meals he’d tried to prepare over the years and had Cheyenne laughing until tears rolled down her face. When he offered another beer, she accepted, then she shared some of her own cooking disasters.
The few times he actually laughed, her chest contracted a little at the rusty sound.
When she finished her beer, she stood. “Well, since there’s no one but you and me here tonight, I’d better get going.” She looked out the window. Pitch black. “Could I borrow a flashlight? I didn’t think to grab one before I walked down here.
He got to his feet. “You walked?” Reaching over, he picked up his keys out of the bowl by the door. “Let me drive you back.”
“No, please.” She stepped to the screen door. “I don’t mind the walk. It’s so beautiful here, with the stars and...." She rolled one hand around, trying to come up with something else to add.
Thad picked up a rifle from behind the door. “And night critters that are prowling, looking for their next meal.” He checked to see that it was loaded.
“Oh, I didn’t think of that. In the city, night critters walk on two legs and carry knives.”
“I’ll walk you.” He leaned close to her.
His scent filled her mind with warm, naughty ideas as she blinked up at him, parting her lips. Would he kiss her now?
He frowned and flipped on the porch light. “After you, ma’am.”
Turning her face away, she hid the warmth that flooded her cheeks. Crap, what an imagination she had. Stepping outside, the cool night chilled her romantic notions down to manageable proportions.
They walked along the gravel drive in silence, heading uphill.
When they reached the top of the hill, a howl came from a distance. In the nearby woods, scurrying sounds startled her, making her lurch a bit and stumble into him.
Taking her elbow in his hand, he got her straightened out but kept his hold on her arm.
The heat racing through her, starting at her arm and running all the way up and into her bloodstream, gave her chills.
“Cold?” His voice came close to her ear.
Was he making his move now? She could see the lights of Sayde’s house just a short way down the hill. Would he kiss her now or wait until he dropped her off at the door? Oh lord, those two beers had really hit her hard. She wanted things she probably shouldn’t even be thinking about.
But if she read him right, and for some reason, she was able to read him a little too well, he wanted her just as much.
They stepped from the gravel road onto the concrete driveway at Sayde’s house. 
He released her. “Cheyenne.” In the low illumination from a faraway yard light, his eyes glimmered.
Her intuition told her he wanted her but was too reserved to take what he desired.
“Thad.” She stepped close to him, ran her hands from his chest up to his neck, and went up on tiptoes, pressing her lips to his.
For a second, he stiffened, then he opened his mouth, the hand not holding the rifle wrapped around her waist, and pulled her tight against him.
Amazing, his lips felt so firm and hot, his breath laced with beer and sexy, pure man, mingled with his woodsy scent and forced a shiver through her.
Where their hips pressed together, she could feel a bulge. She touched her tongue to his lips.
“Goddamnit.” Thad released her, stepped back, and breathed hard.
The loss of his heat against her cooled her as much as the look in his eyes. Pure terror.
“Get inside, Cheyenne. It’s not safe out here.” He growled the words and turned, walking away.
Her fingers flew to her lips as she watched him disappear into the darkness, his boots crunching loud on the rock driveway as if he was making good time getting away from her. Had she misread the situation? No. He’d returned the kiss, he’d pulled her in tight.
“Shit, shit, shit.” She trudged toward Sayde’s house, needing a glass of wine but not a heart-to-heart with her friend. This was not something she wanted to share. With anyone.
She snuck a glass and a bottle up to her room and poured a full one, sitting cross-legged on the bed staring out the window at the stars. Was he still out there?
Why did he attract her the way he did? It felt physical for sure, but there was more to him. The way he’d kicked her out of his house the first night but said, “please,” to soften the eviction. His embarrassment at getting caught voicing his displeasure at having to take her riding. His heartfelt revelation when they sat talking at the river. And the way he opened up to her last night at his house.
This was a man to take notice of. Sure, he had baggage. More like storage lockers of emotional burdens. But he was strong and true and good.
Sayde talked him up a lot, and Cheyenne valued her opinion as much, if not more, than that of her own mother. Sayde had known him for a dozen years.
Cheyenne had only known him for days, but she was quickly becoming invested in him. Like one-hundred percent infatuated.
****
Thad stood in the darkness waiting for an upstairs light to go on, telling him Cheyenne had settled in for the night. He’d seen her go into the front door. Was she pouring out her heart to Sayde right now?
His body throbbed, wanting to go after her. “What the hell was that?” Hot, definitely. Like a cattle brand to his groin. But he’d been holding back, waiting until things finalized with his ghost…with Melissa. Cheyenne, evidently, wasn’t quite so patient.
He headed back toward his house. Rounding a copse of trees, he spotted his house. Hadn’t he left the porch light on? Then every light in the house went off. “Great.” Now he’d whipped her up again. She’d been quiet recently and too quiet tonight when Cheyenne came looking for her. What had he done to get her riled, now? 
Hours later, he woke. The nightmare had been nearly the same as the last one, but this time, her voice had whispered, “Don’t miss this chance.” The rest of the night turned into a loss. Melissa kept things hopping until sunrise.
In the morning, he hiked to Sayde’s, ready to apologize to Cheyenne for his overreaction the night before.
His boss sat on a wrought iron chair on her front patio, sipping coffee. “She’s gone. Left before sunrise.”
He nodded, stuffing his hands into his pockets. “I was hoping to catch her.”
“She didn’t see me in the living room last night. But she looked kinda…flustered when she came in.”
Thad could just imagine how she’d looked. Pink-cheeked and breathing fast. He shrugged a brow. Just like he’d looked right then, probably. 
She set down her cup. “Thank you for letting her into your home.” 
“I thought you said it was yours?” He gave her a smile to soften his words.
“It’s my house, but your home. Or at least, it was a home.” She cocked her head. “What does it feel like to you now?”
“Now?” What was she referring to?
“I was up during the night. Lots of activity. Didn’t things go well with Madam Ruby?”
Staring off at the sun coming up over the mountains, Thad plotted his next move. “I gotta talk to her. Something happened last night, and I don’t want her to think it was her fault.”
“So, is that your way of sayin’ you need to apologize to her?”
He nodded once. “Can’t slip anything past you, can I.”
“Nope.” Her eyes narrowed.
Sayde was going to make him pull this out of her like a new sliver. “I have her business card with her work address and office phone, but…could I impose on you for her home address? Phone number, too? I’d like to drive up there today and handle this in person.”
She got to her feet and pulled her phone from her pocket. She accessed the contact information and read it off to him as he typed it into his phone. “She’s in one of them fancy condos in Helena, the ones with the guard in the lobby. So if she doesn’t want to see you...for whatever mysterious reason which you’re not telling me...she’ll have you tossed out on your keister.”
“Fair enough.” He scuffed the sole of his boot on the patio. “Any chance you could call her and see if she’s home?”
Sayde gave him a sly smile. “Hang on.” She typed on her phone. “I texted her that I needed to talk to her when she gets home.” In seconds, a bubbly sound came from the thing. “She says she’s working from home all day today.”
“Thank you.” He turned and walked away.
“You’re not gonna ask me for the day off?”
He kept walking and called over his shoulder, “It’s Sunday. According to my contract, it’s already my day off.”
She snorted. “Since you haven’t taken Sunday off in…oh…years, I’m going to declare this a bona fide miracle.” 
He turned and grinned at her. “It’ll be a miracle if I don’t end up in the middle of a sidewalk on my keister.”
Sayde laughed as she walked into the house and closed the door behind her.
He wandered toward the barns for a quick check on things before he headed out.
Also known as procrastination.
Chapter Five
Cheyenne hung up the phone. The lobby guard had said a cowboy named Thad McCade was asking to see her. With that description, she had no doubt who she’d see if she turned on the closed-circuit television. “Holy shit.” She’d laid one on him good last night, and he’d shoved her away, making his rejection more than clear. What could he want from her?
Looking down at her sleeveless blue sundress and bare feet, she considered making him wait while she changed, but there wouldn’t be enough time to do it right. By the time she walked to the front door, she’d regained a little of her composure. Seriously, he wouldn’t be here if he was going to yell at her for accosting him. Would he?
The doorbell rang. She swung open one of the two hand-carved oak doors. “Mr. McCade.”
His eyes flashed with a quick sparkle of amusement. “Miss Cheyenne.” He touched the rim of his fancy brown cowboy hat. “Beggin’ your pardon for the interruption, but I’d appreciate the chance to talk with you for a few minutes.”
“Of course.” She moved back. “Please come in.”
He stepped over the threshold, and a long, low whistle filled the high-ceilinged room. Tugging off his hat, he tossed it onto the small table next to the door. From behind, those tight jeans cupped his really nice ass, and his white shirt had ironed creases along the sleeves.
She watched him walk through the huge room to the wall of windows overlooking the city and the mountains.
“Quite the place you have here. Now I know why the term ‘penthouse’ never popped up in my vocabulary.”
“Oh yeah? Afraid of heights?” She leaned her hip on one of the green leather sofas clustered around the white marble fireplace.
“No.” He turned toward her. “Afraid I’d never want to leave.” He glanced up at the antler chandelier over the glass dining room table, then at the modern white kitchen. “Yep. This is one heck of a home.”
“It’s the company’s. I have a bedroom here, but it’s not home.” She wasn’t sure why she shared that little slice of dysfunction.
His gaze shot to hers. “I can understand that.” He looked down and scuffed the hardwood floor with the toe of one boot but quickly stopped and cleared his throat. “I came to apologize. For last night.”
She pressed her lips tight and walked into the kitchen. “Coffee? Water? Beer?”
“Coffee, if it’s made.” He followed her and stood by one of the stools at the tall breakfast bar.
“It’s one of them fancy machines that makes one cup at a time.” She slid a little cup into a space-age contraption and pressed a button. A hissing sound emitted from the thing.
She could tell he was curious, almost leaning over the counter to see it, but he held back.
She leaned on the counter across from him. “So you think you need to apologize? Are you sure you didn’t come here for an apology from me?”
One corner of his mouth curved up. “Ma’am, you have absolutely nothing to apologize for.”
She couldn’t look him in the eye. “I could blame it all on the beer, Thad. But that was only the grease that had me sliding right into you.”
He laughed, quick and loud. “Sounds a lot more interesting when you put it that way.”
She shook her head, holding back a smile. “I’d like to say that I wish I hadn’t done it, but that’d be a lie.” She caught his gaze.
His brown eyes narrowed. “The mistake was me pushing you away. No, that was the second mistake. The first one was not following through with what I’ve wanted to do since that day by the river.” He worked his jaw. “You’ve got to understand, Cheyenne, I’m new at this, again. It’s been a hell of a long time since I wanted more than just a night of sex from a woman.”
His coarse words rang true, surprising her with their intensity. Did she truly feel the same about him? Was she sure it wasn’t just physical desire she felt for him?
“How do you know?” Her question was meant for him but also for her.
“How do I know I want to get to know you better?” He walked around the counter and stood in front of her, looking down at her with a half-smile but a furrowed brow. “You’re like no one I’ve ever met. An attorney who moonlights as a ghost chaser. Who had the chance to be a spoiled, rich brat but chose to help land owners with their rights instead.”
“You seem to have me figured out.” Her belly flipped with excitement. She’d never dreamed he’d leave the ranch to come after her, pour out his heart for her.
Shaking his head, he slid his hands from her elbows to her shoulder, over and over, his rough callouses on her bare arms almost more enticing than she could handle. 
“No, that’s the thing.” His hands stilled, and he pulled her closer. “I can’t figure you out. First off, I can’t believe you’re real, but in a good way.” He shook his head. “See what I mean about being new at this?”
Cheyenne set her hands on his hips. “You’re doing really well, Thad.” Under her palms, his warm, firm muscles gave her a wild ride on the desire side. “Keep going.”
He slid his hands around her back and tugged her against him. “Cheyenne.” With one step, he shoved her against the front of the refrigerator.
Her entire body tingled and quivered. “Yes.” She lifted her face to his.
Thad’s eyes, dark brown now, didn’t shift, stared right into hers. “Yes? This is something you want?”
She grasped his belt loops and pulled his hips in tighter. “Yes, it’s something I want.” Cheyenne licked her lips. “And as long as you’re asking all these questions, I’ll tell you right off, I want it now.”
With a groan, he tipped his head, hesitated a second, then pressed his lips to hers.
She let out a breathy moan and kissed him back, sliding up just an inch to get closer, her nipples scraping along his shirt, hardening beneath her dress and bra. The wicked sensation tickled from her breasts all the way down between her legs.
His kiss turned possessive and perfect, his tongue tasting hers, exploring every space in her mouth, his breath hot, sweet like he’d just had a mint.
Against her belly, his hard shaft pressed, went deeper as he leaned into her, squeezing the breath from her, but she loved it.
He slowed the kiss, backing off an inch. “Here or in the bedroom?” His hand slid down her side, over her hips, and he yanked up the fabric of her dress. His gaze lasered into hers.
“Oh, God.” Heat clenched her core in pulses of desire. “Here first. Bed next.”
His low chuckle shuddered through his belly and chest, reverberating in hers and sending pinpricks of pleasure to her breasts. He stepped back, pulling her dress up.
Cheyenne lifted her arms and let him strip it off her. The cool air hit her, pebbling her nipples even more.
He stopped moving with her sundress in one hand and just stared at her.
The matching mint lace bra and panties she’d chosen on a whim this morning were doing their job.
“Fantastic.” His breath heaved in and out of his chest.
She grasped both sides of his shirt, hoping it was snaps, not buttons, then tugged. The two halves came apart as the snaps opened, revealing his nearly bare chest. Just a few hairs graced his pecs, a few more making an arrow on his eight-pack belly, pointing down toward the hot secret in his jeans.
He finished her job for her, sending his shirt sailing, then reached for his belt buckle.
She touched his hands and knelt.
“Ahhh.” His groan echoed half-pain, half-lust as he stared down at her, his nostrils flaring.
Unfastening his belt, she paused for a second. “No self-respecting cowboy comes a-callin' without a condom in his wallet, right?”
He smiled, and tugged a string of three out of his back pocket, and set them on the counter. “I wasn’t expecting…but was hoping like hell.”
“Your lucky day, cowboy.” She unbuttoned his jeans, then slowly unzipped him, the bulge behind his zipper pressing out, stretching his navy blue briefs to the max.
“Lucky me.” He stepped back and toed off his boots, sending them skittering across the tile floor.
Cheyenne grabbed the fabric of his jeans and pulled him back to her. She wanted to do this so crazy-bad. To see him, hard for her, excited to take her for his own. And his comment about “more than sex” kept echoing in her brain. She was the lucky one.
“You don’t have to—” He took her arms, lifting her an inch.
“I want to.” She settled back to her knees and peeled his jeans down, helping him take them and his socks off. When he wore only his boxer briefs, she licked her lips and looked up at him through her lashes. “I really, really want to.”
His hips jerked forward, and a drop of moisture formed on the material where the tip of his length pointed directly toward her. “Cheyenne, honeybee, you please yourself. Whatever you want.”
She liked being his ‘honeybee.’ And liked even more how he practically said she was in charge. Running her palms up the light furring on his thighs, she marveled at the hard muscles, complete lack of fat. Unable to resist, she slid her palms to his back, tugged down his briefs, and cupped his buttocks. “Hard as steel.”
“That ain’t all that’s hard.” His words rolled low and gravelly.
Lifting the waistband in the front, she eased the fabric from his cock, and froze, staring at the wide, long, purple beauty. “Oh, wow.” She bit her lip and sucked in a breath. This was going to take some doing to get all the way in.
“If you don’t—”
Leaning forward, she took his head into her mouth, effectively silencing him. Hot and salty, he made her mouth water madly. His scent, soap and musky skin, filled her nose, filled her mind with sexy submission.
“Ah, okay.” He whispered the words as he glided his hand down her hair, pulling it to one shoulder and running his fingers through it.
She smiled as she took him deeper, ran her tongue over the slit at the top, the ridge of his plum-shaped knob, then tickled the hot spot at the base of the head.
He jerked, and his hand fisted in her hair. “Careful, you don’t want this cowboy to embarrass himself and pop like a teenager.”
She hummed her disagreement. If she had that much power over him, she’d be the happiest girl in Montana. She closed her eyes and concentrated. Deep in her belly, heat pulsed, swelling the softness between her legs.
When she wrapped her hand around the base of his shaft, he shuddered like a leaf in a tornado and softly tugged her hair, sliding her mouth off of him.
She looked up into his eyes. His cheeks puffed out with his breaths, and his eyes seemed almost unfocused.
“Now it’s your turn.” He lifted her to her feet and turned them, this time pressing her back against the wall. His gaze traveled to her bra, to her aching nipples. “You’re the most beautiful woman...." He slid his hand into her bra cup, releasing her breast. “Yeah, I knew you’d be cherry red.” He bent his head and took her nipple into his mouth.
She jerked as the pleasure tore through her, her head banging into the wall. His arm curved around her back, his other hand slid down the little pooch of her belly, and his fingers slipped into her panties.
His tongue did wild things on her nipple, and shivers raced through her. His hand slid deeper into her panties, touching her trimmed hairs, gently massaging her and sliding lower, deeper, until one finger parted her.
“That feels so good.” Her voice rolled like hot caramel, and she tipped her hips forward, inviting him in.
“So tight.” His finger eased into her core just a fraction more. With one last kiss on her nipple, he pressed his lips to her breast, then traced a path upward to her neck. “If they weren’t part of this pretty set, I’d rip those undies off you.” He slid his hand up her spine, his other hand busy driving her insane with soft thrusts into her lips.
“You’re so considerate.” She had no idea what she was saying as his finger caused pulses of heat to radiate from her opening.
He chuckled as he pressed his fingers against the nape of her neck and slid his thumb along her jaw. “You’re hot and wet, honeybee.” His eyes stared into hers as his fingers did unbelievably sensual things to her pussy. “And I want to taste your sweetness.” His hips bucked, and his hard shaft poked into her hip. “But right now, I just have to be inside you.”
She tugged the sides of her panties down her thighs. “I want you there. Now, Thad.”
He practically tore her panties down her legs. Sitting on his heels, he helped her raise one foot to unbind her ankles.
He froze a moment at eye level with her light red curls. “Ah, damn.” He leaned forward, pressing a kiss at her juncture, then stood, grabbed a condom, and sheathed himself in seconds.
Cheyenne unhooked her bra and tossed it behind him.
He reached his hands to weigh her breasts, flicking his thumb over each one. “Perfection.”
Not interested in slow right now, she grasped his cock. It pulsed hot and hard through the condom. “Erection.”
He laughed, loud and quick, as she giggled and squeezed him. “Cheyenne.” He cupped her ass cheeks and lifted her, holding her at the right level, pushing into her with his chest as he lifted her leg. Snugging it in the crook of his arm, he pressed his palm to the wall at her side, his other hand holding her bottom where he needed her. “Slide me in, honeybee.” He bent his knees, making room for her to obey.
She couldn’t waste a second, wanted him in her so badly it became an ache. Guiding him so the head of his shaft pressed to her lips, she shifted her hips, taking him nearly an inch inside her. Hot and thick, he stretched her so perfectly.
“Yeah.” He groaned. “Tell me if it’s too much.” Straightening his knees slowly, he pushed up and into her, so wide and powerful, she nearly cried out. But if she had, he would have stopped, and she wanted all of him inside her. 
The slight pinch as her channel adjusted to his width, the shift of her insides to accommodate his length, combined with the luscious feel of his slide into her, started her mind spinning. A burst of heat low in her belly sent her cream flowing, easing his entry.
When he’d pushed every inch of himself into her, he stopped moving, stopped breathing, and focused on her. “You feel so good around me.” He circled his hips, hitting every sweet spot she had.
A shiver raced through her, but she stared into the intensity of his gaze. She wrapped her arms around his neck. “I want to ride you, and I want it wild.”
“Honeybee.” The word came out a growl. “You got it.” He shifted her, moved his feet, arranged her. “Hang on. This ain’t gonna be nothin’ but wild.” Sliding his cock nearly out of her pussy, he inhaled a long breath, then jerked his hips upward.
His shaft filled her, the delight swirling like rivers of lava through her body. Unable to hold up her head, she dropped her forehead to his shoulder.
“Damn tight. Slick. Ah, Cheyenne.” His words came quietly and hot in her ear, sending chills down her spine, snapping off all conscious thoughts in her brain. 
Pulling himself out, he used his legs, his hips, his glutes to push back into her. He moved, graceful like an athlete, strong like a man who spent his days in physical labor. His thrusts increased in speed, inching her farther and farther from reality as sensations expanded, encompassing her every nerve.
His lips pressed to her neck, kisses, nibbles, his tongue lapping at her.
She could only hold on, working her hips in tandem with his as the rub of their bodies fired flames inside her, tightening exquisite pressure on her nipples. She could nearly taste her orgasm building, like a tangy aroma that seeped into every pore.
“You come for me, Cheyenne. Don’t hold back.” His pumping hips increased speed, his hand at her ass gripped harder, his kisses on her neck turned to bites.
The movement of his bones at her mound pressed hard into her clit, and that little bud of delight pulsed with the last push she needed to sail over the edge. Biting his shoulder, she dug her nails into his back and blew apart, like a thousand puzzle pieces spinning and flying out of control.
Her eyes rolled in her head, contractions tightened her around his shaft, and a hot flush spread across her skin. Floating in a far-off heaven, she heard him grunt as he pounded into her pussy, his cock thicker, heavier, bringing him to his own perfect completion. With one last thrust and an animal roar, he stilled his body, let his shaft pulse inside her.
The feel of him so deep, burning hot, and throbbing sent her for another fast spin, as if darkness overtook her for long moments, then her mind glided slowly back into her body.
They both held tight, panting, as moisture formed on his chest, slicking hers with his manly scent.
It took all her effort to lift her head from his shoulder and open her eyes.
Thad stared at her, his brows drawn down tight, a frown on his face.
Panic threatened her. “Everything okay?”
Chapter Six
Thad swallowed and took a breath. “Yeah.” He kissed the corner of her mouth, her heated skin making him want more. Now. “Everything is okay.” His legs shook slightly with the effort of holding her against the wall, from the exertion of the best love-making he’d had in…hell, forever. She was sweet and perfect, insatiable and raw. “Amazing.”
She smiled. “It was.” 
He eased out of her and let her leg slide from his arm. When her knees buckled, he picked her up in his arms. “Bedroom?”
Her soft hair brushed his arm then his chest as her head lolled against him. “Down the hall, last door on the right.”
He grabbed the other two condoms and strode from the kitchen, across the huge room, his feet sinking into the pure white carpet. The wide hallway allowed him to carry her without turning, and the double doors to her bedroom stood open. He stepped inside. “Damn.” Her heavy oak four-poster bed held a ruby canopy and matching bedspread. Cream-colored pillows lay scattered on the bed, and the carpet was a modern pattern of red and cream. “Fancy.” Too fancy for the likes of him.
She laughed. “My mother had it decorated to surprise me. Definitely not my style, but I’m not here much.”
He let her slide down his body to stand on her own two feet but kept his arms around her. “You travel, mostly?”
She nodded. “Mom too, but on the east side of the state. This is our middle ground. Her bedroom is across the hall.”
His head jerked toward the open doors of Cheyenne’s room and the closed doors across the hall, and he quickly turned, hiding his naked ass in case she came out.
“She’s not here tonight.” She backed up and closed the double doors. “She’s somewhere near the North Dakota border, but we’ll lock ourselves in, just to be safe.” She flipped the lock, leaned back on the doors, and gave him a naughty grin.
“Honeybee, you are one special lady.” He looked down at himself. “Bathroom?”
“First door.” She gestured behind him to two closed doors and one open one – the open one showing tile and fixtures.
“Be right back.” He stepped into the gold-tiled bathroom. A huge walk-in shower, deep, giant bathtub, and ruby-red towels to accent it. His Melissa would sure have loved this place. He shook his head as he disposed of the condom. Great time to be thinking of his deceased wife, but she loved nice things. He looked at his face in the mirror. And she’d ended up with him, in an old ranch house, but happy. She had been happy with what they had, mostly. Focused on the promise of a better life in the future, though.
“You look fine, Thad. Don’t even think about primping.” Cheyenne padded into the bathroom wearing a short, silky pink robe and a sly smile.
He turned from the mirror, turned from his past to his present. “Mmmm.” He tugged her tight against him. “You are a present.”
Arching back, she ran her hand over his chest. “You’re a surprise to me, too. I didn’t peg you as the impetuous type. Driving five hours to make love to a girl.”
“Impetuous, huh? Never been accused of that before.” And maybe it was high time he was. “Maybe I was just lured in by your spell and couldn’t help myself.”
She rolled her beautiful, sky-blue eyes and laughed. “That’s the first time anyone’s ever been helplessly in my power.”
He ran his palms in circles over the silk covering her butt. “That I don’t believe.” He walked her backward into the bedroom. She’d closed a set of sheer curtains. The city was still visible, but the room seemed cozy. More intimate. As he untied the robe’s belt, he let the urge deep in his groin take over, hardening him to press between her legs.
She helped him slip the robe from her shoulders, down her luscious body, to pool around her feet. “I’m glad you came here, Thad.” She looked too serious.
“I’m glad you let me in after what an ass I’ve been.”
“No, you haven’t. Under the circumstances.” She huffed out a breath. “But that’s not what I want to focus on right now.” Taking his hand, she walked backward until her legs hit the side of the bed. 
“Yeah.” His cock was driving this visit. “I don’t much want to talk about anything.” He pulled her to him for a kiss. Her sweet lips complied, opening softly for him. He tasted her sweetness, glided his tongue over her sharp little eye teeth, played with her tongue until she moaned.
“I want to taste more.” He breathed the words against her lips.
Her body went slack, and he lay her on the bed. 
Kissing his way from her neck to her breasts, he drew in the scent of her. Pure and clean, nothing fancy or floral or cloying. Just perfect skin, cherry-red nipples that tasted like cream, and an outie belly button that he had to nibble.
She jerked. “Why is that so erotic?” Her head lifted, and she looked down at him, her sexy pink cheeks and her kiss-swollen lips enticing him to head back that way, but he had a goal, and he would taste her there first.
Ducking his head, he breathed deeply. Her soft scent...woman and arousal...drew him closer. He kissed her hip bones, her stomach, the soft hair at her center.
Cheyenne flopped flat on the bed, her arms out to the sides. Sliding her knees apart, he knelt on the floor at her feet. Trimmed reddish-blonde hair graced the sexy lips between her legs. “You are beautiful.” He slid his hands up her inner thighs, slowly, carefully.
She sighed and tightened her leg muscles, circled her hips. A drop of her sweet juices trickled to the edge of one ruby lip.
He had to have it. Leaning in, he licked the spot, taking the cream, rolling it around in his mouth like it was the finest wine. He slid his thumbs along the perfect softness and pressed his face in, using his mustache to tickle. 
“That’s good, Thad. Yes.” Her hands gripped the bedspread.
He took his time, lapping at her, massaging her, exploring all of her with his lips.
“You’re making me writhe around, cowboy.” She looked at him through her passion-darkened eyes. “It’s time to make me pass out.”
He grinned. “Your wish, my command, Madam Ruby.” He pushed his tongue deep into her opening, taking all the juices she sent his way. He slid his tongue up, moving slowly until he found her little bud. At the tip of his tongue, it pulsed and hardened. Damn, he could stay here all day.
Thad circled it a few times, loving how her body shuddered with each pass. He ran his tongue down through her warm, sweet channel, into her opening, then back to her clit. He repeated this over and over, feeling her heat shimmer off her body, watching her tense as she neared her climax.
“Now, honeybee. For me.” He sucked her clit between his lips and flicked it with his tongue. 
“Thad!” His name echoed around the room as she bucked her hips against his mouth. 
He hung on to her, keeping up the pressure with his lips and tongue, loving every second of what he’d brought her to.
With a whimper, she shook and relaxed, melting into the mattress. Her breath came fast and loud.
He gently kissed her, licking deep into her, seeking more of her honey. When her breathing slowed, he lay next to her, taking her in his arms, nuzzling her shoulder. “You are so sexy, Cheyenne.”
Opening her eyes, she turned her head toward him. “You are so talented, Thad.”
He kissed her, fighting to keep his heart from becoming too involved. He’d take it slow this time. He didn’t need to jump in and claim her the way he had with Melissa.
Cheyenne stroked her hand along his chest and abs. “What are you thinking?”
He nipped at her lip. “Thinking about how long it’s going to take you to recover before I have you again.”
“Mmmm.” Her fingers trailed lower, touching his hard manhood. “Maybe I’ll have you this time.” She kissed his chin, wriggled lower, kissed his chest, then lower still until her lips brushed his cock.
The roar of lust rattled through him, heat pooling low in his gut. “You think so?”
She took his circumference in her hand. “I do. And I love that you’re already sending me your essence.” Her tongue snuck out and took the drop of pre-come from his slit.
He’d let her play a bit, but he needed to sink his shaft deep inside her again. Soon. Even though he’d buried himself balls-deep in her in the kitchen, he wanted more, wanted all she could give him.
She took her time, licking him, teasing him, tracing her tongue along each vein, each curve, and ridge. Then she took him deep, all the way to the back of her throat. She sucked, swallowed, and took him even deeper, down her throat.
His body flooded with the pleasure of being inside her, with her nose pressing against his belly each time she bobbed her head and swallowed him. He didn’t want to finish this way, though. Setting his hand on her cheek, he guided her off him.
She wrinkled her brow. “What’s wrong?”
“Nothing. That was incredible. But I want to do it all while I’m here. And the thought of you riding me is etched in my brain right now.”
Her smile broke too seductive as she sat up, found the condoms, and straddled his thighs, facing him. “You’ve seen me ride, Thad. You…think you can keep up?”
A laugh burst from his belly, making his erection wave like a flag. “You’re half-crazy, Cheyenne. I love it.” She made him laugh more than he ever had with anyone.
Her face sobered.
Shit, he’d used the “L” word. Too soon for that. He needed to be careful. Make smart decisions, not the wild, impulsive ones he’d made with Melissa. Running his hands along her outer thighs, he winked. “Show me what you got, then. Ride me like you want it bad.”
After sheathing him, she crawled up his body, kissing him. “I do want it bad.” She canted her hips, sliding his hard length along her slick folds. “Can you feel it?”
“Yeah.” Shocks razored from where the head of his cock touched her pussy, all the way down his shaft, exploding in his belly. “I feel it...." He grasped her hips and pulled her down onto him. “I want to feel it all.”
She dropped onto him, impaling herself on him. Sitting up, she threw her head back and cried out in wordless pleasure.
Watching her ecstasy, her wild beauty, his heart stuttered a few times. He wanted her, body, heart, soul. Yeah, it was too fast, but he’d deal with that later. Right now, he allowed himself to think of Cheyenne as “his.” Her full breasts pointed upward, their peaks tight and red. Her waist curved in, showing off the feminine fullness of her hips.
Perfection. Her body, her sense of humor, her caring, and concern. Right now, mainly her body. “You best hang on.” He grasped her hips, lifting her, sliding her off him, then pumped his hips upward into her tight, hot channel. Chills raced up his spine. He wouldn’t last long.
She leaned forward, planting her hands on his chest, her hair flying around her face like a storm cloud. “You’d best hang on, Thad. This is going to get rowdy.”
He lifted one brow and dropped his hands to the side, showing her she was now in charge.
Pushing herself up and nearly off his staff, she dug her nails into his chest and slammed down onto him again.
His brain clouded as he stared at her, letting feeling take over where his thoughts had been.
She rode him, sometimes staring into his eyes, sometimes tossing her head back, bracing her hands on his thighs, sometimes long, slow movements followed by fast, hard slides of their skin against each other.
When she squeaked and tensed her muscles, Thad cupped one of her breasts. Between his fingers, he pinched and rolled her nipple. His other hand eased between her legs, finding her sweet little bud and pinching it in rhythm with her ride. 
In seconds, she broke apart, shivering and crying out as she bounced up and down on his cock. She stopped moving and melted down onto him.
He’d never seen anything so perfect in his life.
****
Cheyenne drifted back to earth from a jarring ride through the heavens. Lord, this man made her body react like nothing she’d experienced before.
He flipped her, laying her on the bed, his hard length still embedded in her, still pulsing.
She spread her legs, wrapped her arms around his back, and sighed. “Thad, you left me completely brainless.”
He chuckled and moved his hips in a few quick pokes. “I like a woman who’s not too brainy.”
“Keep me satisfied like this, and there’s no way I could ever appear in court again.” She was blathering, but it was just nice to hear his voice responding to her.
“Deal.” His thrusts became more defined, stronger, longer as he slid in and out of her.
“Deal.” She explored the movement of muscles on his back with each of his pumps, squeezed the huge biceps that held his body just an inch off hers. Touched his face, running her fingers over his mustache and goatee. “I like the facial hair.”
His unfocused eyes sought hers. “Covers scars.” He adjusted his legs, pushing hers open wider, and sliding into her, hard and fast, picking up speed.
Scars? She would ask later, but at least he started opening up to her. Her body shimmered with his movements, calling her to let go and enjoy all his hard work.
“Harder, Thad.” She could come again, now, and bit her cheek, holding off, to come with him.
He jackhammered into her, shoving her across the bed as he shouted and bared his teeth.
She rolled into a slow, sweet orgasm, swirling through the ozone, diving through clouds and rain. She landed back in her body as he collapsed onto her, squeezing out all her air. She didn’t need oxygen, not when she had him right here.
He rolled onto his side, taking her with him. “That was incredible. Better than the first time.” Kissing her nose, he ran his thumb over her cheek. “It’ll get better each time.”
She smiled. “I like your confidence.” Her fingers touched his chin, playing in the soft hairs there. “How many more times are you hoping for today?”
He sighed and looked out the window. “I’ve got to be heading back soon, but I thought I could at least buy you dinner.” He wagged his brows. “So our first date would include something other than me making you come.”
She laughed, a little snort coming at the end. “I think it was the perfect date, with you making me come multiple times. And we have room service here from the restaurant on the ground level, so we don’t have to even get prettied up.”
Running his fingers through her hair, his eyes took in all her features. “You are as pretty as a woman can get, Cheyenne. You’re really beautiful. Inside and out.”
Her heart caught for a second. “That’s so nice of you to say, Thad.” Her stomach took that opportunity to rumble.
He laughed. “I’m hungry, too. How do we order?”
Chapter Seven
An hour later, after a shower which included a lot of touching and kisses, they sat, completely dressed, at her dining room table enjoying rib eye steak dinners with baked potatoes and sour cream, veggies, and chocolate cake for dessert.
She’d opened a bottle of red wine, but when she saw him just barely tasting it, she went to the kitchen and brought back a bottle of beer.
“Thanks.” He took a gulp. “Not much for the fancy stuff.”
“I like that about you.” She liked a whole lot about him, but she wanted him to trust her, confide in her so she could help him with his haunting problem. “Thad, will you tell me about the baby?” 
He stopped chewing and looked at her.
“I really want to understand what she’s trying to tell me, but...." She set down her fork. She needed to prime the pump, as her grandfather used to say. “When I was twenty, stupid, and stubborn, I got married.”
His brows shot up.
She gripped her wine glass. “Long story, but I was looking for something meaningful in my life. At least, that’s what my therapist tells me. After a few months, I ended up pregnant.” She shook her head. “I think my husband did it on purpose. Since our marriage wasn’t all that great, he wanted to solidify his place in the family.” Her mouth curled down into a frown. “Money will do that to people.”
He sat back, playing with his beer bottle. He didn’t say a word.
“I lost the baby at four months, and I was heartbroken, but he just shrugged it off, acted like it wasn’t a big thing, and promised we’d try again as soon as we could.”
Thad’s eyes narrowed, and his jaw tightened.
“It was then that I grew up, realized he’d just been a substitute for my father, and probably didn’t even love me. I kicked him out, filed divorce papers, and gave him a settlement to make sure he’d never come back into my life.”
Cheyenne leaned forward, looking into Thad’s eyes. “But sometimes at night, I can still feel the presence of that baby.” She swallowed to keep tears from forming.
He let out a long breath, his shoulders sagging. 
She picked up her fork and worked at her steak a bit longer, giving him time. The meat may as well have been tofu for all she could taste through her nervousness.
“Melissa told me she was pregnant two weeks before the accident.” He stared down at his plate. “We decided to wait a few months to tell everyone.”
Cheyenne blinked back tears. His voice held so much pain. “I can’t imagine how it felt to lose them both. Just losing my baby was traumatic.” She wiped a tear from her cheek.
He rubbed a fist in his eye. “Is she unhappy?” His words came out a whisper. “She’s been very active the last few days.”
“She’s only unhappy because she wants you to move on. She feels she can’t go to the next dimension because you haven’t done what she’d hoped you’d do.” Cheyenne didn’t know what that thing was, but she’d follow her inner voice on this. “What did she ask of you that you haven’t done?”
He rubbed his forehead then glanced at her. “Melissa left me a huge insurance policy so I could buy my own ranch.” He shifted in his chair. “She came from an affluent banking family, they owned half the stores in town. She trailer-trashed out to marry me.”
“Thad, you’re not trash. You’re hard working, you’re—”
“Come back with me.” He turned one hand palm up on the table. “Talk to her again, get her to move on to…wherever.”
“I don’t need to go back there.” She stood, took his hand, and walked to his side, kneeling to look into his eyes. “The answer is right here in bold letters. Get off the High Paradise, buy yourself a ranch, start a new life.” She tried to force a soft smile to temper her harsh words.
“It’s not that easy.” He took her hand between both of his. “I have a responsibility to Sayde.”
“Sayde can hire someone just as reliable to replace you. You’ve got to follow your dream.”
“It isn’t a dream anymore. Not without Melissa.” He hung his head.
Cheyenne could barely breathe. He was still that attached to his wife? Was it guilt that kept him from gaining closure? She could sense him holding something back. “What happened to her, Thad? Tell me?” She had to push this, even if it drove a spike into the heart of their new relationship.
“No.” He stood, staring down at her, nearly tripping on the chair as he stepped backward.
****
Thad nearly fell on his ass as he backed away from Cheyenne. She asked too much.
“Please tell me what happened.” Getting to her feet, she held on to the table as she swayed. “I want to help both of you, but I need to hear—”
“I can’t. I’m not ready.” He hadn’t told anyone what had made Melissa run out of the house that day and race off on her horse.
“It’s been five years. No wonder she can’t break free. You haven’t let her go yet.”
“You’re saying she’s still here because of me?” He felt a desperate urge to bolt but needed to hear this even more.
“Possibly. I don’t know. I can’t know until you talk to me.” She stepped toward him. “You know everything about me. My failed marriage, my daddy issues, my guilt over losing my baby.” Her voice broke.
He wanted to go to her, hold her, but that would confuse things, and he was having enough trouble keeping everything clear in his head.
“Thad, I want to know about you, about your scars, about your fears of leaving High Paradise.” She sucked her lower lip for a second. “But that can wait. It’s imperative that I understand your relationship with Melissa first, so I can help her...and you...move on.” Walking to the living room, she patted the couch. “Sit and talk to me. Tell me why neither of you can let go of each other.”
She made it sound like he was still married. Cheating on his wife. Was that how he felt? Shit, he couldn’t do this. He could barely admit to himself how he’d screwed up. Cheyenne. She was everything good, golden, right with the world. He was a mess of dirty secrets. He wasn’t worthy of someone like her. Guilt weighed heavy on him.
“Scars? You want to know about my scars?” He turned on her, fastening his most intense look on her. “They’re from a shitty childhood that ended when I turned seventeen. My father knocked me out with a punch when I lost my job and couldn’t bring home a bottle for him.” He sucked in an uneven breath.
She looked sad but didn’t run from his tirade.
“Then he threw me out of the house, literally, and unconscious like I was, I landed on my face and broke a couple teeth. I woke up with him kicking me in the ribs, telling me to hit the road. I took him down with the first punch I’d ever swung at him, packed a bag, and got out of town.” 
His jaw quivered. He would not break, though. He’d tell her what a low-down piece of crap he was, then get out of her life. “I hitchhiked north, nearly to the Canadian border. Stopped in Libby and knew I could stay there forever. The mountains, the quiet lifestyle. I found a job with Sayde, and she patched me up.”
Tears ran down her face. “Thank you for telling me.”
She didn’t understand what he was trying to say. “That’s the shitty life I had, Cheyenne. Dirt poor, homeless, then totally dependent on Sayde because I had no money to live off of.”
“Thad, my father was the exact opposite of yours.” She held on to the back of the couch with a white-knuckled grip. “He ignored me for most of my life. I’ve got scars, too. But they’re inside.”
He rubbed his hands over his face. “I don’t know what I’m doing here, Cheyenne.” He dropped his hands and walked to the door. “We’re from different worlds, different lives. It was selfish of me to come here. It was wrong.” Tucking his hat on his head, he gave her one last glance.
“I don’t know what to say to convince you otherwise.” With a loud inhale, she squared her shoulders. “So I’ll just agree with you, and we’ll call it over.” She turned away. “You’re right, Thad. You don’t belong here.”
He knew what she was doing. Saw how she had turned hard to show him how stupid he was acting. He walked out anyway, closing the door behind him even though he wanted to tell her she was wrong. He did belong there. They had a chance together, and she knew it. The ache in his chest felt like nothing he’d experienced since Melissa’s funeral. Melissa and…the baby. The little one that nobody knew about, the child that he’d essentially killed by being so stubborn and proud. 
“Shit.” He stepped away from her door, walking along the short, elaborately decorated hallway. He wanted to go back and explain it all to Cheyenne. Make her see how his life had stalled since that day nearly five years ago. How had tonight gone so fucking wrong? He’d panicked, went off with both barrels. He’d lost Cheyenne, too, and that was something he couldn’t deal with until after he dealt with Melissa.
****
Cheyenne sunk into the couch. She had to let him go, didn’t she? He was more confused than she’d imagined he was. After five years, he still hung on to his deceased wife. Still leaned on the High Paradise ranch even though he had the money to start his own spread. No wonder Melissa was unable to move on.
Why hadn’t Cheyenne stopped him in the kitchen when he’d strolled right up to her, made her blood heat and her brain slow? If she’d waited until after she’d helped Melissa depart, maybe they’d have had a chance. But no, she’d wanted that instant gratification, the lovely hours spent alone with him. Lovely, until the poisoned memory of his wife came to call.
Cheyenne curled up in a ball, staring at the dark, cold fireplace. Her mother warned her not to become emotionally attached to clients. And this time, she’d gone deep, maybe deeper than she could bounce back from.
A tear rolled over her nose and plopped onto the cushion. “Thad, don’t leave me to drown.”
Three days later, Cheyenne watched the mid-afternoon sun scorch the city out the window of her office on the top floor of the newest office building in Helena. Her mother had loved the prestigious space and bought the top two floors for their practice.
Thad and Melissa had been constantly on her mind since he’d walked out on her. She fluctuated between wanting to call Sayde and just head out to the ranch, and sitting patiently waiting for Thad to make the first move. Chances were good she’d reach retirement age before that stubborn cowboy called her.
She picked up her ringing cell phone. The readout said, “High Paradise Ranch,” but it wasn’t Sayde’s phone number.
Her heart skittered. Was it Thad?
“Hello?”
“Cheyenne?” It was his voice.
She melted a little in her office chair. “Hi, Thad. I’m glad you called.”
He went silent. Silent for too long. He cleared his throat. “Sayde is having a rough time, and I know you’re friends.”
She sat up. “What is it?” Visions of injuries, illnesses, financial ruin flooded her imagination.
“Her horse, Mazie, is down…and won’t be getting up again.”
“Oh, I’m so sorry.” Sayde loved that horse. She’d call her and—
“She won’t leave her stall.” He sounded like he was walking, breathing fast. “She’s been in there for seventeen hours.”
Cheyenne knew Sayde was loyal, but maybe so soon after losing her husband, this was her way of coping. “What does the vet say?”
“Mazie’s not in much pain, but her breathing is labored, and every breath sounds like it’s a fight.” He groaned. “Tears my heart out to hear it.”
She wanted to reach out and hold him. “What’s the vet’s opinion?”
“He left a couple hypodermics with us. Reede’s a licensed vet and can see to it when the time comes.” The words came out like a funeral prayer.
“Okay. I see what you’re saying.” She checked her watch. “I can be there in less than two hours.”
“Good. Thanks, Cheyenne. I…wouldn’t have bothered you if it wasn’t important.”
Meaning, he wouldn’t have called her...ever...if he didn’t have to. “I’m glad you did. Hang on a minute.” She ran to her office door, flung it open, and held the phone away from her ear. “Tracie, would you have the helicopter on the roof as soon as possible?”
Her assistant nodded and picked up the phone, dialing quickly. “Destination?” Tracie held a pen, ready to take down the information.
“Thad?” She spoke into the phone.
“Yeah?”
“Where can I land? Is there somewhere on the ranch for a helicopter to touch down?”
He was silent.
“Thad?”
“Helicopter? Shi...." He coughed. “Yeah, there’s a flat field, no cattle. I’ll text you the coordinates within the next ten minutes.” He sounded like he was running.
“Thanks. I’ll call when I’m close.”
“I appreciate this, Cheyenne.” He hung up.
She stared at the phone for a few seconds. Was this Melissa’s way of getting Cheyenne out to the ranch? Or some other divine intervention? Or just plain coincidence.
Tracie looked at Cheyenne and spoke into her phone. “Hold on a second.” 
“Tell him Libby, Montana, the High Paradise Ranch. I’ll have coordinates before we fly.”
“Yes, ma’am.” Tracie relayed the information then hung up. “Chopper will be on the roof in twenty minutes.”
“Thanks.” She went back into her office. She kept a few articles of clothing in her bathroom closet. Choosing jeans, boots, and a T-shirt, she changed quickly and stuffed a few other pieces of ranch-appropriate wear in her gym duffle bag.
“Thaddeus McCade, whether either of us wanted this or not, I’m coming your way.”
****
Thad sat in the blue ranch truck, watching Cheyenne’s helicopter land. “A helicopter.” Damn, if he wasn’t impressed. The sleek, black chopper had her company’s logo on the side but considering she and her mother were the only two owners of the company, that put Cheyenne in the classification of mega-rich.
The door opened, and she scrambled out, carrying a purse and a small bag. Staying bent over, she ran toward the truck.
He jumped out just as she cleared the rotors and stood, racing toward him. Every cell in his body told him to run to her, grab her up in his arms, and kiss her. He had to fight hard to keep from doing it. Instead, he took her bag from her and opened the passenger door. 
She looked at him for a second, but the sound of the engines gearing up to fly to the regional airport for refueling didn’t allow for any other communication. She slid into the truck, and he stowed her bags in the back seat.
Sliding into the driver’s seat, he shifted and drove toward the barn.
“How’s she doing?”
“Mazie’s the same. Sayde...." He shook his head. She was getting more agitated, which didn’t help the horse at all.
“She told me she wasn’t with Barrett when he died.” She glanced at him. “Do you think that has anything to do with what’s happening today?”
“Maybe.” She’d nearly wrecked her car trying to get to the hospital after her husband was brought in with a heart attack. She hadn’t made it in time.
“Sayde’s such a strong woman. It’s got to be hard for you and everyone to see her like this.”
Thad glanced at Cheyenne for a second. She was right about that. He’d been at a loss all morning. Reede had found Mazie lying in her stall right around ten last night. He’d called Thad and the vet, and Thad had gone to Sayde’s house to tell her in person.
She’d dropped her wine glass on the living room rug and ran to the barn.
He’d never seen his boss so vulnerable. “We all love Sayde. There’s nothing we wouldn’t do for her.”
“Including calling the one woman you vowed never to speak to again?” Cheyenne snapped off her seatbelt as he pulled up to the barn.
Chapter Eight
“Now, wait...." Thad put the truck in park and swung his gaze toward Cheyenne.
She jumped out and turned to him with a frown. “I shouldn’t have said that. This is about Sayde.” She slammed the truck door and ran into the barn.
He turned off the engine and just sat. Fact was, he had been trying to come up with a plausible reason to call Cheyenne since the moment he’d left her apartment. Then this happened, and his first thought was, “Sayde needs a friend.”
Now that Cheyenne was here, he’d take the opportunity to have her come to the house again, “commune” with Melissa one more time. See if she could get his wife to move on without the need for him to upset his whole life. Not right now. This wasn’t a good time for him to leave the ranch.
He stepped out of the truck. Of course, when the hell would be a good time? It hadn’t felt right in five years. What was he waiting for? He stepped into the dark barn and let his eyes adjust. Back in Mazie’s stall, Cheyenne’s voice flowed like a calm river. Sayde’s words were punctuated by tears and sniffles.
A shuffling sounded behind him. He turned.
Reede stood with his hat in his hand, shifting from one foot to the other.
Thad walked over to him. “Thanks for staying with her.”
He nodded. “Wouldn’t be anywhere else. Mazie’s about the same. Hanging on. Probably for Sayde’s sake.”
Thad looked down. Reede had a way with horses, the same way Madam Ruby had with ghosts. “You haven’t had lunch. Go on and get some chow.”
Reede jerked a thumb over his shoulder. “The injections are in the refrigerator in the tack room. If you need me...." His brows dropped over his eyes. “I’ve got my cell.” The guy sounded as torn up by Mazie’s imminent end as Thad felt.
“You’ll be my first call when Sayde’s ready.”
The man turned on his heel and quietly walked out of the barn.
Thad stepped closer to the last stall, walking as silently as he could.
“…you’d like something to eat? I have a granola bar.” Cheyenne’s voice was followed by crinkling sounds.
“I can’t eat. Not when she’s so restless.” Sayde sounded exhausted. At first, she’d tried to get Mazie up on her feet, but the horse was unresponsive. “Is she still here with us?”
Thad leaned around the post to get a view.
Sayde sat on a pile of straw with Mazie’s head on her outstretched legs. Cheyenne, kneeling next to her, put her hand on the horse’s forehead. “I’m not sure. I’ve had some contact with animal spirits in the past, but they were usually attached to their humans.”
Thad listened to that statement with a few blinks. Before he’d met Cheyenne, he would have been barging in and telling her to get her voodoo mumbo-jumbo ass off the High Paradise. But she had a gift. Something he couldn’t deny. And a level head to go with it. She’d help Sayde see reason.
The horse’s breaths came irregularly, and with long, drawn-out inhales.
“Do you think I’m being cruel?” Sayde broke down in sobs. After a few seconds, she slowed to sniffles. “Keeping her alive like this, I mean.”
“No.” Cheyenne slid to sit on her butt, crossing her legs in front of her. “She knows how much you love her. How hard it is to let her go.”
“I just want a few more minutes with her.” Sayde leaned down and kissed the horse’s head. “Just another hour.”
“I think that’s a good idea.” Cheyenne rubbed Sayde’s arm. “How about at sunset? That’d be a fitting time to usher her on to her next adventure.”
Thad had to swallow back a knot in his throat. That woman was so damn amazing.
“Okay.” Sayde’s voice came out barely a whisper.
“Now, will you eat something?” Cheyenne put the granola bar in Sayde’s hand and reached for the bottle of water Thad had set on the railing next to Sayde. “Have something to drink, too.” She cracked open the bottle and handed it to Sayde. “I bet that nice Mr. McCade put that here for you.”
Sayde chuckled once as she took the bottle from Cheyenne. “That nice Mr. McCade is hovering over me like a guardian angel.”
Cheyenne turned her head and winked at him.
He cleared his throat. “I’ll leave you two. Be in the tack room. Just yell if…when...." He turned and walked away. Thank heavens Cheyenne was willing to drop everything and ride to the rescue in her company’s helicopter.
Her idea of a sunset euthanization had been brilliant and kind at the same time. Mazie could last days like this, and setting a goal was the perfect way to help Sayde say goodbye to her old friend. He never would have thought of it. Cheyenne was a very smart woman.
Thad walked into the tack room expecting to find some leather that needed cleaning or saddles that needed polishing. But everything was clean and shiny. Even the floor was spotless. Reede must have had the same idea...keep busy while he waited. 
Sitting on an old office chair, he accessed his emails. Nothing but ranch business, but who was he kidding? He never gave his email or phone number to any of the women he…spent time with.
He’d been ignoring his friends for so long they’d given up on him, had stopped dropping in with a case of beer on football Sundays. All he had in his life was this job, Sayde, and the ranch hands. 
Cheyenne. 
How did she always creep into his thoughts? From the day he’d met her, she’d been in the back of his mind. And since he’d driven to Helena and spent the afternoon with her, she had also been in the front of his mind and making things uncomfortably hard in his jeans.
“Thad?” Cheyenne’s voice rang through the barn.
He jumped to his feet and ran toward her, skidding to a halt at Mazie’s stall. “Ma’am?”
Sayde looked up at him through red eyes. “Let’s say our goodbyes.”
He choked on the emotion in his throat. “Yes, ma’am. I’ll call Reede.”
“Thank you.” Sayde rocked back and forth, singing softly into the horse’s ear.
He stepped away and dialed.
Cheyenne stood and followed him through the barn. “Thad?”
He held up a finger. “Reede, would you come to the horse barn? It’s time.” He blinked back the moisture in his eyes as he disconnected the call. “Sorry, ma’am.” He turned to Cheyenne.
“It’s back to ma’am now, huh?” She shrugged then shook her head. “What can I expect to happen to Mazie? What’s going to go on in there when Reede comes?” Her eyes shifted, and she bit her lip.
He wanted to pull her in for a hug but held back. “It’ll be easy and quick. A needle to sedate Mazie first, then a second with the final dose. It won’t take long before she’ll fall asleep permanently.”
Her eyes welled with tears, and they flowed over. “Okay.” She looked around. “This is going to sound strange, but is there somewhere I could pick a few flowers, just to set on her.” She sucked in choppy breaths, trying to hold back her tears.
“Yeah.” He took her hand. Their eyes met. A slice of his heart went directly into her possession. “Come on.” They walked out of the barn and along the fence to one of the corrals. He leaped the fence in one bound and grabbed up a handful of wildflowers in yellows, purples, and blues. He handed them over the fence to her. “Is that enough?”
She smiled through her sniffles. “Perfect, thank you.” She held them to her lips, brushing the soft petals against her chin.
In the setting sun, he’d never seen anything as beautiful. He spotted Reede walking into the barn. “Let’s go.” He jumped over the fence and led her back into the barn.
Cheyenne walked the length of the building holding the flowers like she was a bride.
Thad stood watching her as he waited for Reede to come out of the tack room with the needles.
Days like this were awesome wonderful and hell-fire difficult all at the same time. But they gave life meaning, and heaven knew he needed that right about now.
****
Cheyenne hadn’t cried that hard in years. She stood at Sayde’s bedroom door as her friend shooed her out and picked up the sandwich Cheyenne had made for her. A few of the flowers Thad had picked for her stood in a vase on Sayde’s dresser. The rest of the flowers graced the neck of the beautiful horse they’d just said goodbye to.
Walking down the thick carpet of the hallway, she thought about dropping onto the guest room bed completely clothed and shutting her eyes for a few hours but remembered her purse and bag were in Thad’s truck. She meandered along the hallway and down the long staircase, thinking about a glass of wine.
“Hey.” Thad’s voice came from the living room at the bottom of the stairs.
She jumped a bit but didn’t do anything as graceless as tripping and rolling ass over boot heels down the steps. “Hey.”
He sat in a big leather chair in front of a roaring fire, a beer bottle dangling from one hand. “Didn’t mean to scare you.”
“You didn’t. Much.” She went to the small bar in the corner and poured ruby-red wine from a crystal decanter into a big glass. She consciously poured a whole lot of it. “Hungry?” She turned toward him.
He grinned. “Not this second, but in a bit.”
She sat on the couch near his chair. “That wasn’t as horrible as I expected.”
“It would have been hard to watch Mazie try to live through the night. Your idea of sunset was really good. For everyone.”
She swirled the wine in her glass, watching the flames through the red liquid. “It seemed fitting.”
“You did good. Thanks for coming.” He downed a healthy portion of his beer. He looked at home here, like he’d done this before. Like he was comfortable here. Too bad Melissa hadn’t left him enough money to buy this ranch. While he had a nice-sized bank account, he’d be about ten million dollars short of being able to afford High Paradise. Too bad. He seemed part of the land. Rooted to it.
Cheyenne had looked into Thad’s finances...just a tiny bit unethical, but she rationalized that she would probably be the one to help him find a little spread when he finally took that big step.
 “Penny for your thoughts?” He watched her, his eyes hooded like he was more than tired.
She had to think of something other than his bank balance. “What’ll happen to Mazie now?”
“In the morning, one of the hands, probably Reede, since he was pretty attached to her, will dig a hole in the horse cemetery.”
Her brows lifted. “You have a horse cemetery?”
He shook his head. “Nothing fancy. Just plots covered in wildflowers and wooden crosses with the important information.”
“How many horses are there?”
“Five.” He frowned. “Maybe six.” He looked at her. “My wife’s horse is there.”
Cheyenne’s heart thundered. He wanted to open up to her? “What happened to him? Her?”
“Her. Wise Acre.” Thad tipped his beer, but there was nothing left. He set the bottle aside and stared into the fire. “Melissa and Wise died together.”
Cheyenne couldn’t help sucking in a breath. Her body tensed, waiting for the story.
“Melissa was riding her, went too fast through the woods.” His voice sounded low and choked.
The woods? That explained Thad’s mad rush after her that day they went riding together. When she’d gotten too close to the forest.
“The horse broke a leg in a washout next to a tree root. She fell, threw Melissa into a tree, and she...."
Please, God, have him say she died instantly. Cheyenne’s vision darkened, and she realized she was holding her breath. She took a few deep gulps of air and one healthy gulp of wine.
“She died instantly, but we didn’t find her for hours.”
“Oh, Thad, I’m so sorry.” She wanted to go to him, wrap herself around him, and share his pain with him.
He stood and walked to the fireplace, sat on his heels, and poked at a log with an iron rod. “We had search parties out, but it was dark. When they found her, they sent up two shots, and we turned that direction. Then there was another shot, and I knew Wise Acre was gone.”
She could see it in her mind’s eye; Thad racing across the land to get to his wife, terror written all over his expression.
“When we spotted the flares, I raced in, jumped off Gator, and looked for where they would be working on Melissa. Where they would be kneeling next to her, trying to save her life.” He stood and put a hand on the mantel, a booted foot on the hearth. “But everyone was standing, moving back from the little body lying next to the tree.”
Cheyenne let tears flow. Her heart broke for him. “So sad.”
He turned, stuffing his hands in his jeans pockets. “She was gone. Our baby with her. The horse had been put out of its misery. And God help me, if I’d had a gun, I would have put a dozen more rounds into the thing.” His voice grew loud.
She set down her glass and stood, not knowing if her comforting touch would be wanted. “I don’t blame you.”
He blinked a few times as if coming back from a long ways away. “I don’t understand why it had to happen.” He looked lost, so much like a little boy, she couldn’t stay away.
“Thad.” She walked to him, arms out.
He hesitated a second before taking that last step into her arms, wrapping himself around her and holding her tight. “I’m not usually this dramatic.”
“Or talkative.” She laid her cheek on his chest.
A half-laugh shook his body. “Yeah, or this talkative. But tonight, with Mazie, it just all came rushing back. Seems so close again. Like it’s hanging in the air.”
“It might be, Thad. Hanging in the air, I mean.” She leaned back to look at him. “Maybe this would be a good night…for me to visit your house again.”
Chapter Nine
Thad stiffened. “I don’t know.”
Cheyenne pushed out of his arms. She wouldn’t be offended by his words. A lot had happened today, emotions were raw. Maybe he didn’t want to overwhelm himself, let too many feelings flap in the breeze. “Why don’t we let everything cool down a bit. I’ll make us something to eat, then we’ll decide.”
With a quick nod, he gestured for her to precede him into the kitchen. “Can’t chase ghosts on an empty stomach.”
She grabbed her wine glass on her way out of the room. “That’s the…spirit.”
He groaned, she laughed, and the mood instantly lifted.
****
A half-hour later, they stood on his porch. Thad took a big breath then reached for the screen door.
“Wait.” She touched his arm. “The first time I was here, I could almost read your emotions.”
Thad backed away a step. He sure didn’t care for that.
“The last time I was here, when Melissa wasn’t, I couldn’t read you, nor did I sense anything coming off you any other time we were…together.” She said the last word very quietly. As if she didn’t want Melissa to know about their afternoon in Helena.
“And now?” He tried to calm his thoughts.
She drew in a breath. “I can feel your anxiety, your doubt, and your hopefulness.” Cheyenne looked up at him, the porch light highlighting how her eyes were nearly black now. “I love that you’re hopeful, Thad. I want this to work for you.”
“Me, too. You don’t know how much.”
She opened the screen door. “Probably not half as much as I do.”
He watched her walk into his house. What the hell did she mean by that? Madam Ruby wanted to wrap up this haunting so she’d have another reference on her resume? Or Cheyenne wanted to get his deceased wife squared away so they could…
No. She’d told him flat out he didn’t belong in her world, and even though she had been using shock therapy to make her point, she had been on the money. He wasn’t anywhere near good enough for her. He had to suck that up and swallow it whole.
She stood in the kitchen, looking at the sink.
When he stepped over the threshold, a chill raced through him.
The ceiling light dimmed. 
“He knows that. He will when the time is....” Cheyenne turned to him. “She needs you to follow her wishes, Thad. She says time is running out.”
He held up his hands, looking around the room. “I’m not ready. Sayde just lost Mazie, the cattle need to be brought in for the winter, the hay isn’t—”
The light bulbs exploded in their glass globe on the ceiling, and the room went dark.
“Shit.” Thad opened the refrigerator door, using the light to look around the floor to see if there was any glass. “You okay, Cheyenne?”
She didn’t say anything, just breathed fast and shallow. After a few minutes, she laid her hand on her chest, over her heart. “I will. I promise.”
“What? What is it?”
Cheyenne’s business card, which he’d fished out from under the stove, dropped from under the magnet on the freezer door and slid under the stove. “Why?” He asked Melissa, hoping she’d speak to him through Cheyenne.
A soft breeze blew through the room and out the screen door, opening it slightly, then the room grew still.
Thad took Cheyenne’s arm and led her into the living room. He turned on a lamp and sat her on the couch. Taking a knee in front of her, he stared at her, waiting.
Her eyes slowly turned from black to light blue. 
“Do you want a beer?” He wished he’d thought of buying wine. Or borrowing a bottle from Sayde. She didn’t answer, and he tried again. “Wine? I can run to the big house and get a bottle.”
She waved her hands. “No. Thank you, though.” She rubbed her temples. “She’s adamant that you need to get this land purchase done, Thad.” Cheyenne stared at him, her brows lowered. “Concentrate on that because it’s the only way Melissa will be able to be free.” Her words snapped out like she was frustrated.
He didn’t care as much for what Melissa felt as he did for what Cheyenne was going through. 
He got to his feet. “I don’t understand. Why all the sudden—”
“I don’t know either.” She stood and brushed past him. “I only relay what she’s told me to share with you.” She hurried toward the front door.
“Wait...." He followed her. “Are you saying she said other things to you? Like secrets she doesn’t want you to tell me?” Had Melissa told her why she’d run out of the house that day five years ago? Why she had been running her horse too recklessly? Why he’d never been able to forgive himself for her death?
Cheyenne stopped at the screen door. “She didn’t reveal any secrets, Thad. She just wants this to come to an end. For you to seek out your dream of having your own ranch.” She stepped out onto the porch. “Please, just do this for her.” 
“Don’t go, honeybee.” His voice rolled low, his feelings for Cheyenne taking over every thought. He wanted her here with him. He wanted her in his bed, and at his kitchen table, and riding the range with him. “Stay the night.”
“I can’t.” She breathed like she was hyperventilating. “I just can’t.” She turned and ran off the porch, raced down the driveway.
“Cheyenne, wait for me.” He grabbed his gun and a flashlight, running across the porch, leaping over the steps, and hitting the ground hard. He twisted something in his ankle but ran on it anyway. “Cheyenne!”
He could see her yards ahead of him, moving fast. He struggled to keep up as the pain in his leg became worse. He slowed as she neared Sayde’s house, stopped when the front door opened, her silhouette stepped inside, and the door closed.
“What the fuck, Cheyenne?” He hobbled back to his house, changed the light bulbs, then took off his boot and surveyed the damage. His ankle doubled in size as he watched. “Shit.” 
He grabbed an icepack from the miraculously functioning freezer, three ibuprofen, and two beers, and headed for his recliner. Once he got himself settled, he stared at the blank TV screen. He needed to think. To plan. And the sports stations would only delay the inevitable. So would thoughts of Cheyenne… Maybe that’s why her business card got shoved under the stove. Melissa wanted him to concentrate on one thing. Buying his own spread.
“All I want to do is go after Cheyenne and bring her back here.” He spoke to himself. To Melissa. To whatever mystical being was out there listening to him. But he would do what needed to be done first.
“Fine. Here I go.” How the hell could one little ghost be forcing him to change his life completely?
Pulling out a notepad from the table next to his chair, he clicked open a pen. “Okay, Melissa. I hope this makes you happy.”
****
Cheyenne sat in the chair Thad had vacated in Sayde’s living room, staring into the nearly-dead fire. The wine warmed her, but the alcohol kept her emotions on high-beam. She’d felt Thad’s frustration with his wife’s spirit, but then, when he’d knelt in front of her, she’d felt more.
His concern for her overshadowed his need to see Melissa set free.
That’s why Melissa had made her promise to leave Thad alone, stay away from him, until he’d purchased his own ranch. With Cheyenne tugging at Thad’s heart...and other sexy parts of him...he would never buy his ranch. Would never let Melissa move on to the next life.
“Anything you want, Melissa.” Her voice sounded bitter, even to her own ears. “Am I jealous?  Of a ghost? Hell, yeah!” She was envious of a woman long-departed but still loved and coveted by her husband. Cheyenne wanted that kind of love, that kind of closeness for herself.
But she’d wait. Bide her time. No matter how long it took.
“Any wine left?” Sayde came down the stairs in her pajamas.
“Not much in this bottle, but...” Cheyenne stood and gestured to the dozens of unopened bottles lying on their sides in the wine rack. “Should we finish them off tonight?” She refilled her glass and poured one for Sayde.
“If only.” She plopped down on the couch. “At my age, I’d never recover.” She took the glass Cheyenne handed her. “I was awake and heard you come in. Everything okay?”
She sat next to Sayde on the couch, curling her legs under her, staring at her wine. “Sure. Just peachy.”
Sayde let out a low, “Awww. Sorry, honey. I know you keep your Madam Ruby life confidential, but I can imagine how frustrating it is for both you and Thad. And Melissa.”
Cheyenne’s head jerked up. “You knew it was his wife?” She hadn’t realized Sayde was that in tune with the spirit world.
“My intuition told me, and it’s just too close to the fifth anniversary of her death to make me think it’s all a coincidence. Especially since Melissa’s family is in charge of the money she’d left Thad.” She stood. “I know it’s late, but I have some legal papers I want you to look at for me.”
Cheyenne stood. “Of course. Anything you’d like.”
Sayde smiled, the first time Cheyenne had seen her do that all day. “You’re an angel. A real angel.” She led the way into her office and turned the tumblers on the big wall safe. 
Thank goodness Sayde wasn’t intuitive about what had happened between Cheyenne and Thad. The woman would think twice about giving Cheyenne the title of “angel.”
“When I show you this, you’re going to understand why I haven’t pushed Thad to buy his own ranch.” She pulled out a thick stack of papers and set them on her desk, gesturing for Cheyenne to sit in the plush office chair behind the desk.
Cheyenne set down her wine glass. Hell, she would need to be as sober as possible for this one.
Chapter Ten
Thad rode one of the ranch four-wheelers to Sayde’s house the next afternoon. He knew Cheyenne was gone. He’d heard her helicopter just after sunrise.
Why had she run? Was she feeling his emotions last night in the living room? Was his heart pouring out the tenderness he felt for her? Was his soul trying to connect with hers?
“You fucking sound like a goddamn romance novel, boy.” And now he was talking to himself. 
Cheyenne had read his emotions and ran as fast as she could away from him. That was the end of that love story. His chest hurt just thinking about how he’d fucked up, but he had to shove that aside for now. He needed to deal with Sayde before he did anything else, and it wasn’t going to be pretty.
She opened the door and stepped out onto the patio, two beers in one hand, a stack of papers in the other. “Been expecting you all day, foreman.” She lifted a brow. “Or should I say, ex-foreman?”
He hated how everyone knew everything about him before he even did. Stepping off the ATV, he limped to the table and plopped down in one of the stuffed chairs. “Ex.” He pulled the resignation letter he’d written last night out of his pocket and handed it to her. “You don’t know how much I hate to do this, Sayde.”
She read the note, then tore it up, throwing the pieces up over their heads. As they blew around them, she grinned. “You don’t know how happy I am to do that.”
Shit, she wasn’t going to make this easy. “I don’t want to leave.” He swallowed down his feelings. “This is like home to me. You’ve been like...." He wanted to say a mother, but that was too much. “You’ve made this a place that I don’t ever want to leave.” He shifted, lifting his sore leg up onto an empty chair. “But I have to. For Melissa’s sake.”
“You have to leave here? Or you have to buy your own ranch?” Sayde looked like she was fairly bursting with excitement.
“Have to buy my own ranch. The money she left me—”
“Oh, I know all about that.” She picked up the hefty stack of papers and dropped it down right in front of him. “And here’s your ranch.”
He stared at her for a long minute. Had Mazie’s death affected her somehow? Was she slipping away from reality?
“Don’t you look at me like I’m bonkers.” She tapped the papers, her brown eyes sparkling. “This is our agreement. You, Thad McCade, are buying High Paradise.”
His mouth dropped open. His brain stopped working. His bad foot slipped off the chair and hit the concrete. “Son of a...." Pain ran all the way up his leg. “What do you mean, buying the ranch? Unless I won the lottery and didn’t hear about it, I’m just a little bit short of having enough to buy the ranch.”
“You can’t buy it outright, no. But here’s what I drafted four years ago when you didn’t immediately leave High Paradise after getting Melissa’s money.” She sat. “You will pay me whatever’s in that trust fund with her family’s lawyers. For that, you’ll have full control and partial ownership in the ranch.”
Did he want part of a ranch? Even if it was the place he called home? “And you’d be the majority owner?”
“Yes, we’d split the revenue proportionally until my death.” She stood and paced to the edge of the patio staring off toward the mountains. “I love the ranch, but I’m tired of being alone here. I want to move to the city, where I have friends and family. I want to go out on dates and flirt and...." She turned and looked at him. “Maybe remarry someday.” Gesturing toward the house, she winked at Thad. “The place will be yours to do with as you please. Move in as-is, refurnish it, remodel it, hell, tear it down and build your own place.”
“I love this house. Just as it is.” But it would only be a temporary move. When she passed away some day in the far, far future, he’d have to give up the ranch if he didn’t have enough to buy it from her heirs. Which he probably wouldn’t. He couldn’t take that risk. “I appreciate the offer, but having a place that’d be mine forever just sounds too good to pass up, Miss Sayde.” He stood, favoring his bad leg. “It was Melissa’s dream, my dream, and I want to honor that dream and—”
“Oh, stop with the oration, Thad.” She walked up to the table and flipped to a page marked with a green slip of paper. “Read this.” 
He bent closer. “Upon the demise of...." He swallowed. When Sayde died, the entire ranch, land, buildings, stock, equipment, assets... It went on and on, listing everything she owned. Then stopped when he saw his name. 
He was her beneficiary?
His head shot up. “Sayde. Are you serious?” It was too much to hope for.
“I’m serious, Thad.” She sank into a chair.
He must have done the same without realizing it because all the sudden, they were at eye level. “But why?”
“Barrett and I never had children. We have nieces and nephews, but none of them are interested in running the ranch. They’re more interested in liquidating everything in sight and adding the profits to their fat portfolios.” She rested her forearms on the table. “You are like a son to me.” Her eyes sparkled with moisture.
Opening his mouth, he tried to find words to convey his feelings. Instead, he asked, “When were you going to tell me this?” 
“As soon as you screwed up the courage to tell me you were going off to buy your own ranch. Which may never have happened if Melissa didn’t decide to haunt you.”
“Sayde, I...." He wanted to say so much.
She held up a hand. “I know. I know. You love me, you think of me as a mother figure, you have no words to express the deep emotions you have for me.” She laughed, loud and long.
He smiled but still couldn’t assimilate this new information as reality.
“Thad, you love this old dirt farm as much as I do. You’ll have little twerps of your own whom you’ll teach to love it, too. And you’ll have a wife...well, maybe swap around the order of those last two things, please. But you deserve a life of happiness, and I know you’ll find it here.” She wiped a tear from her cheek. “I wouldn’t trust this ranch to anyone but you.”
Her words sent joy exploding through him like fireworks. He lifted his gaze heavenward. “I don’t believe this.”
“Believe it,” She picked up her beer bottle and tapped it against his. “To the future of High Paradise. McCade’s High Paradise.”
He took a drink and stood. This was like nothing he’d ever dreamed of. “Sayde. Thank you. I don’t know how to tell you how much this means to me.”
“Well, you’ll have a couple hours in the truck to tell me.” She gestured toward his house. “Go pack. We’re heading to town for a couple of days.”
“For?” Things were going too fast for him to keep track of.
“We’re driving to the county seat where we’re going to pick up my attorney. We’re going to transfer all the money in your trust account into my account, I’m going to sign over the ranch to you, then we’re going to go to my accountant’s office where we’ll get you set up on the checkbook...." She tipped up her chin. “And get some money into your personal bank account, so you can go on that goddamn vacation you promised to take.” She laughed and reached for him.
He hugged her back, laughing like he’d never stop.
Minutes later, with Sayde heading into her house to finish packing, Thad carried the thick stack of papers she’d given him and trudged back toward his house.
He tried to read the first page, but his mind kept spinning with excitement. Halfway to his place, he realized he’d left the four-wheeler at Sayde’s. He shrugged and kept limping along. His ankle barely gave him a twinge with all the adrenaline rushing through him.
High Paradise was his. 
He stepped up onto his porch, hoping Melissa’s spirit was lurking because this was the news that would set her free. Pulling out his chair at the kitchen table, he sat, placing the paperwork in front of him.
“Melissa, if you’re here, if you can hear me...." He felt odd talking to someone he’d let go of so long ago. “Sayde has sold me the ranch. Well, part of it, but eventually...." He didn’t even like to think of that happening. “It’s more than I ever imagined owning, more than I’d hoped to be able to call my own.” He was rambling.
“Sweetie, if this was what you were waiting for to happen, it’s happening now. And I love you, and I miss you, and...." What kind of spell would Madam Ruby perform right now to send off a spirit? “I release you, Melissa, to go to your next reality.”
The room turned cold. Had he said the wrong thing?
In the cabinet, plates rattled.
The damn plate.
She wanted him to remember the plate? The whole reason she’d raced from the house and jumped on Wise Acre nearly five years ago. “Listen, I’m sorry about what happened that day. We fought, I was inconsiderate of your feelings, I’ve kicked myself about it for years, sweetie, but I’ve got to let it go now. I’ve got to forgive myself and beg your forgiveness again.” For the thousandth time.
A warm, soft breeze caressed his face as a golden glow filled the room. 
He felt comforted, as if held in the arms of pure love. “Take care of our little one, Melissa. Until I see you again.” His jaw quivered, and his eyes burned with the threat of tears.
The light grew brighter, the wind swirling through the room, then slowly diminishing, dimming, until the screen door opened an inch, slapped shut, and silence filled the room.
On the floor, Cheyenne’s business card swirled out from under the stove.
Thad smiled, holding his breath, holding in the emotion for a few seconds. He gave up and dropped his head, mourning all he’d lost, for one last time.
Chapter Eleven
Three weeks later, Thad rode Gator almost fifteen long miles down the mountain from his campsite. Sayde had called his satellite phone this morning telling him there was another batch of papers to sign for the ranch sale, and she was sending Reede to meet him halfway.
He tucked his shearling coat tighter around him and settled his hat a little lower. The gray sky heralded a snowfall tonight. Fall came early this high in the Purcell Mountains, but since he had the opportunity to take a week to himself...semi-forced on him by Sayde...he’d opted for some alone time in the place he loved almost as much as the ranch. His ranch.
The last weeks had been a tornado of activity. With Cheyenne’s help, the legal parts had been rushed through the system, and now one-tenth of the High Paradise was his. He hadn’t seen her since the day she’d run out of his house. She’d done all her work in the background, and Sayde said Cheyenne had pulled in every favor owed to her to get the transfer expedited.
His ranch. The shock he’d felt that first day Sayde had told him was now turning into anxious excitement. He couldn’t wait to get back and get started. 
Sayde was in the process of moving out of the big house, heading to a condo in Helena, in the same building Cheyenne lived in. Sayde. Manipulative, tough as tanned leather, but as kind as a woman could be. He’d tried a few times to tell her how much this meant to him, how much she meant to him, but it had come out strange, and she’d just hugged him and laughed through tears.
Hopefully, she knew… But now, if he could just figure out how to get the same reaction out of Cheyenne. 
Gator danced sideways, avoiding a rocky spot.
Thad needed to keep his mind on getting down the mountain in one piece. He couldn’t think about Cheyenne. Those sky-blue eyes of hers turning dark with her arousal. Her silly humor that kept him laughing, even through the seriousness of their lovemaking. Her deep caring for Sayde, Melissa, and even Mazie. The way she wanted to help him through his problems, how she gave up so much of her time to help him when all he’d given her in return was callousness. But she’d forgiven him…
Gator nickered. They were just around the bend from the wide, flat spot in the trail where he’d meet Reede. The horse must be smelling something ahead.
He rounded a stand of trees and spotted three horses. He recognized Reede, who he’d just promoted to ranch foreman, another ranch hand, and someone in a big coat, their cowboy hat tipped down low.
When Thad pulled up next to Reede, the man looked sheepish. “Reede?”
“Sayde says to tell you it’s for your own good.”
“What?” What part of his life was she meddling with now?
The third rider came forward, tipping up his hat. Her hat. Cheyenne.
“Hi, Thad. Mind if I bust in on your vacation for a few days?” Her brow wrinkled, and her lips trembled.
He stared, not knowing how to speak the words that expressed how fast his heart was beating, the way his chest ached with pleasure, and his mind soared at the thought of her humbling herself this way. 
She was more woman than any female he knew.
“Hell yeah, you can bust in.” He smiled.
Her anxiety turned into a grin that could warm the entire mountain range. 
“Thanks, Reede. I’ve got her.”
The cowboy touched the brim of his hat, nodding toward Cheyenne, and turned, heading back down the mountain with the other ranch hand. Sayde had sent two cowboys along to ensure Cheyenne’s safety. He sure loved how overprotective his boss lady was.
Thad just stared at her. Bundled up like she was used to being outdoors in this weather. A bedroll and stuffed saddlebags behind her on the horse. “I’m glad you went to all this trouble to find me.” He winked.
She tipped her head down, smiling. “I wanted a few minutes alone with you before you started your new job running the ranch.”
“Really glad.” He turned his horse. “Let’s get back up the mountain before the snow flies.”
She looked up at the gray sky. “Are we going to get snowed in?” Her brows rose, and her eyes sparkled.
Damn, stuck in a lean-to with her for a few days. He chuckled. “Wouldn’t that be nice?”
****
Cheyenne shivered as Thad jumped off his horse and walked toward her.
He lifted his arms, and she fell into them.
“I think I’m numb.”
He tightened his grip on her. “I’ll warm you up.” He brought her to where pine branches leaned against the face of a cave. “In here.” Taking her hand, he led her into the dark space. He powered on a lamp and showed her the area. “Not as nice as your digs, but it’s free.” He pointed up. “There’s an opening that lets the smoke out.” He took a knee and lit the pile of logs inside a rock circle.
She wandered around, looking at the big logs sitting outside the fire ring, the screen tent near the wall holding his sleeping bag, and the metal box in a small opening in the cave wall. “How did you find this place?”
Walking to her, he ran his hands up and down his arms. “I came up here every chance I got. Living in a bunkhouse with a dozen other men had me a little stir crazy, and Sayde’s husband gave me a map, a compass, and told me to ‘git’.”
The fire crackled, and he brought her closer. “Sit a spell while I get the horses settled.”
She sat on a log and held her gloved hands out toward the fire. This had been one of the scariest things she’d done in her life. No, the scariest thing. When she didn’t hear from Thad after all the paperwork was filed, she’d called Sayde.
The woman had balked at Cheyenne’s suggestion of ambushing Thad, but worst case scenario...he’d just haul her back down the mountain. After he broke her heart.
She had to give it a try, though. She’d felt such tenderness from him that night in his living room. Deep emotions and a sense of wonder, almost like he was surprised by how she affected him.
His voice carried from outside as he spoke to the horses.
She’d had to run that night, but never again. She’d tell him how she felt about him and see if he…ran.
He came inside carrying her bedroll and the saddlebags Sayde had packed for her. “There’s an outcropping for the horses.” He flexed his bare fingers near the fire. “You look like something serious is on your mind.”
“It is. I...." She wasn’t ready to dive in head-first. “Where did that metal box come from?”
He walked over to it, unfastened the lock, and lifted the lid. “I hauled it up here one year after I found this cave. Keeps food safe from bears...." He turned toward her. “Um, I mean, raccoons.”
She laughed. “I did my research, Thad. I know there are bears and wolves and cougars.” She pulled off her gloves and her hat. “I’m guessing you’re a good shot, so I’ll try not to be too worried.”
He strode to her and straddled the log, facing her. “You know I’m curious why you’re here. Why you didn’t just call me last week. Or wait until next week when I was back on the ranch. Why head up here to find me?”
“I don’t even get a cup of coffee first?” She sighed, her joke echoing through the cave. “Sorry, I’m a bit nervous.”
Taking her hand, he ran his thumb over her knuckles. “Don’t get me wrong, I’m damn glad you’re here.” He slid a little closer. “Still cold?”
She nodded and scooted toward him. 
He moved in, one leg behind her, the other pressing hers to the side as he pulled her back against him. “Better?”
“Mm-hm.” 
“Now do you feel more like talking?” Thad’s breath blew softly on her temple.
“I have to know. Is…she gone?”
“Melissa? Yep. The day I brought home the paperwork, she left. But not before reminding me that I wasn’t to blame for her death.”
Cheyenne frowned. “Why did you think you were?”
“You want the long story or the short one?”
“Long, of course.” She snuggled in. “We’ve got all week.”
“Whoa.” He pushed her off him, a fierce scowl on his face. “We’re only gonna be talking all week? No fun stuff?”
She smacked his leg and lay back in his arms. “I didn’t say that. Let’s save the fun stuff ‘til after we’re all talked out.”
He let out a slow breath. “When Sayde promoted me to foreman, she told me to update the furniture and appliances in the foreman’s house. I was lost, but I didn’t want to fail at my first assignment from the boss lady.”
She giggled. “You don’t subscribe to decorating magazines?”
“Not hardly.” His chin brushed against her hair. “I met Melissa in her family’s furniture shop in town. When she saw how lost I was, she took pity on me. She came out to the house, took measurements, and came up with a whole plan for me.”
“That’s sweet.” Cheyenne could easily see how Melissa fell for the quiet cowboy. The same way she herself had.
“Yeah, until her family found out we were dating. They’re big money, all about appearances. But Melissa wouldn’t budge, and we were married six months later.”
“Wow, that’s fast.”
“Yeah, but sometimes it happens like that.” He kissed the top of her head. “Like lightning.”
Cheyenne knew the feeling. It’d happened like that for her, too. With Thad.
“So that beautiful, talented, rich girl married this dirt poor cowboy, and we scraped every penny we could save so we could buy our own ranch one day. But Melissa would come home with boxes of stuff.”
When he went silent for a long while, she asked, “Stuff?”
“Yeah, like things her family gave her for when we had our own place. Decorating stuff, antiques, so many things that we didn’t have the room to use them or display them, so she stored them upstairs. The bedrooms were near filled with it all.”
“She was going too fast?”
“For me, yep. I told her we had years before we could afford anything on our own. She said she understood, but every once in a while, I’d find something else in the kitchen or another box upstairs. It made me feel...." He shook his head. “I don’t know.”
“Like you were holding her back?”
“Yeah, I guess.” He sat quietly for a long time. “Then we had the argument about the plate.” His voice came out so low, she knew this was the final chapter. “The day it happened, she’d gone into town for something, I don’t remember what, and I’d decided to surprise her with a fancy supper to celebrate. Just for no reason except I loved her.”
Cheyenne rubbed his thigh. She couldn’t be jealous of their relationship, but it was still a little hard to hear it from his lips.
“When she came in the house, she saw that I had her grandmother’s plates on the table. I had to tell her I broke one of them when I was taking them out of the hutch.” Behind her, he stiffened. “She started crying. Her grandma gave them to us as a wedding gift. They were irreplaceable, and I was a jerk for being so careless.”
She closed her eyes, bracing herself for what would come next.
“I told her...in my understanding husband’s voice...that it was just the pregnancy hormones making her so upset over a plate and that I’d find a replacement online.”
Cheyenne groaned before she realized she’d let out the sound.
“Yeah, big idiot, huh? So she said she needed to take a walk. I let her go.” He fisted his hand. “Why did I let her go?”
She nodded. He wasn’t looking for an answer.
“A few minutes later, Reede called. Told me she’d asked him to saddle Wise Acre for her, and she’d ridden off toward the north.” His breathing grew uneven. “You know the rest of the story.”
“I’m sorry, Thad. I wish it had been different.”
“Me too, but it took five years and a ghost to get me to move on.”
She sat up and spun around to face him. “I forgot to tell you what I found out.”
“About?” His gaze took a lazy tour of her face.
She wanted to pull him close and kiss him silly, but she needed to clear up loose ends first. “The money Melissa left you. In the trust fund?” She opened her eyes wide. “There was a section in the documentation that stated the money needed to be withdrawn within five years of the date of Melissa’s death, or the money, along with the interest it had earned, was to be reabsorbed by the family.”
“You’re shitting me, right?” Shock, then anger flickered in his eyes. 
“No. No shit. I think the family intentionally kept that from you. But somehow Melissa must have known. Maybe she even put it in her will herself to make sure you got your own place. And Thad, five years was—"
“Last week.” He flung his leg over the log and sat facing the fire.
She gave him some space. He had to be thinking the same thing she was. 
That was why Melissa had a timeline.
****
Thad couldn’t wrap his mind around it all...the money, the five-year limit, Melissa’s presence. But he could easily change his focus to Cheyenne’s coming all this way to see him. He fed the fire as she explored around outside the cave.
“So, what do you eat when you’re up here?” She poked her head into the cave opening.
He shrugged. “Oh, you know. Snakes, squirrels, sometimes a porcupine if I get lucky.”
Her face fell, and he had to hide a grin. 
“Glad I brought a stash of granola bars.” She mumbled the words as she entered the cave and pulled the makeshift door closed.
“Honeybee, with what I brought, and what Sayde packed in your saddlebags, we have enough steaks, bacon, chicken breasts, and eggs to last us the rest of the week. They’re all in the strongbox on dry ice.
She flung her hand to her forehead. “Thank goodness. I feared I might starve.” She shrugged out of her coat. “Not that I couldn’t afford to lose a few pounds.”
The temperature in the cave had risen to near-toasty, and he’d peeled down to his jeans and flannel shirt. “You’re perfect.” He set another log on the fire and walked over to her. “You stay just the way you are.” He wrapped his arms around her and picked her up, swinging her in a circle. You are one fine specimen of womanhood.”
She held onto his shoulders, laughing. “So poetic, Thad. Can I help you with anything?”
“I’m going to start the beans warming. Then I’ll put some bakers in the coals and cook up a couple thick, juicy steaks.”
“My mouth is watering.” She batted her eyes. “But not for beans.” She wiggled her hips, brushing herself against his big erection.
“For bakers?”
“Nope.” Her hand snuck between their bodies, and her fingers slid into the waistband of his jeans.
“For steak?”
“No. Not that either.” She went deeper.
Her touch, just tickling his shaft, sent chills racing through him, followed by flares of heat. “Let’s set up the bedrolls and let you have what your taste buds desire.”
Chapter Twelve
“Finally.” Cheyenne poured as much drama into that one word as any actress could, making Thad’s heart gallop a couple times. 
He smiled. “You make me laugh, Cheyenne Redford.” His voice echoed in the small cave.
She took both his hands in hers. “You make me happy, Thad McCade.” Her face sobered. “Really happy.”
“Mmmm. Let’s bedroll-up first, and talk later. Okay?”
“Okay.”
He opened both their sleeping bags and laid them on the cushioned floor of the screen tent. When he stepped out, he unbuttoned the sweater she had on over her layers. Peeling off the sweater, he shook his head. “You bundled some, huh?”
“Yes. It’s cold.” She looked uncertain.
“I’ll keep you warm.” He looked around then dragged the shock-corded tent closer to the fire, with the opening facing the warmth. He pulled a folded blanket from his saddlebag and laid it over the top of the tent. “There you go. Cocoon.”
“Now, I’ll peel off my many layers.”
She did have layers. Funny, serious, lawyer, ghost chaser. All of them made up one impressive woman.
She stopped with her jeans halfway down her long thighs. “You’re not participating in this bedrolling-up session?”
“Ah, hell yeah.” He tugged off his boots and socks, jeans and long johns, flannel shirt, and thermal undershirt.
They stood naked, facing each other. “Ladies first.” 
When she bent to step into the tent, he swatted her ass. She squealed.
“Been waiting to do that for a while, now.” He slid in beside her. The blanket kept the warmth in, and her skin glowed with the flickering firelight. “You’re so beautiful, Cheyenne. Smart and successful.”
“Remember when you told me you didn’t feel like we belonged together because of our different lifestyles?”
He’d been such a goddamn fool. “Yeah.”
“Look at us now. We’re just two people in the wilderness. Naked. That’s how it should be. The start of a relationship, I mean. Leave the past out of it. Leave the rest of the world, too.” She ran her hand along his hip. “That’s why I came up here, Thad. To get back to the very beginning.”
“I want that too, Cheyenne.” He wanted more from her, but he didn’t want to overload the situation.
“Let’s start with this.” Her hand glided down, her touch like silk on his stomach, then on his hard length. 
“Good start.” He flopped back onto the sleeping bags and ran his hand over the soft skin of her back.
“You would say that.” She bent and licked him.
His hips jerked, and heat spread in his balls. “Right now, I’d say just about anything you wanted me to, honeybee.”
She giggled as she took him deep in her mouth. 
The vibration rattled through him, flashing hot like fireflies up his spine.
Cheyenne made love to him with her mouth. She lapped at him and teased him, tickled him in spots he didn’t know were sensitive. Taking his sac in her hand, she licked each side, slowly, while rolling his balls gently between her fingers.
He’d never experienced a sensation like that. So intense, so complex.
Still cupping his sac, she took his shaft into her mouth and down her throat. Swallowing around him, she found a rhythm, sucking, swallowing, breathing, humming, all the while treating his balls to pleasure that curled them up tight to his body.
When his mind flared like a thousand spotlights, he erupted, his staff sending bursts of his cum into her mouth, down her throat, where she moaned and swallowed, kissed, and caressed.
“Cheyenne, you are a major talent.” Had stupider words ever come from his mouth?
She snuggled in. “Thank you. Coming from you...." She wagged her brows at him. “That’s a lovely compliment.”
He rolled her on top of him, pressing their heated skin tight against each other. “You make me laugh, Cheyenne.” How could he convince her to move closer to him? Like into the same house? He cupped her cheeks and kissed her, slow and sweet, showing her how much he adored her. 
She returned the kiss with such warmth, he wanted to ask her right then.
“Wait here.” She jumped off him, crawled out of the tent, and bent over her clothes pile, digging for something. In seconds, she stood, holding a three-pack of condoms. “Found them.”
“That’s all you brought?” He braced himself on his elbows, watching her. “Looks like I’m going to have to make a run to the gas station.”
She laughed. “No, I have a full box.” She climbed into the tent. “And just how far away is this gas station?”
“Oh, about seven, maybe eight hours’ ride.” Thad pulled her down onto him then rolled them so he was on top. “But it’d be worth it.”
“It would.” She ripped open a condom packet and held the rubber circle up. “Because I want to have you inside me every hour of the day and night, Thad. I need you.”
****
Cheyenne let the words pour out of her. Something about this man, his stubbornness, his sense of right and wrong, his loyalty. She didn’t want to be without him.
Thad lifted himself from her, his hard cock pressing against her mound. He rubbed up and down a few times, hitting her sweet spot and making her breath catch. “I want you, Cheyenne. Put that thing on me. Now.”
His hungry stare, his powerful words, made her core quiver and her pussy juice for him. She rolled on the condom and immediately guided him to her opening. “Now. Fast. Please.” She wanted nothing more than to be overpowered by him.
With a slow push, he sheathed himself deep in her, pumping quickly to go even further inside, make room for himself in her waiting body.
When he was fully encased inside her, she spread her legs and wrapped them around him. With a tug, she pulled him in even more. Inside her, the beautiful ache of her body accommodating his thickness, his length, sent jittery pleasure up her spine to dance in her mind.
“You’re so tight. Hot and perfect, honeybee.” He moved, slowly at first, then began to rock into her, letting her slide off him and pull him back in with her legs. 
He leaned down and took her breast in his mouth, suckling her, licking and biting.
The sensation flittered through her, concentrating in her belly, turning her brain into a spinning mass.
“You want fast?” His words, whispered against her breast, sent shivers along her skin.
“Yes, and hard. Fast and hard.” She laughed at the silliness of her words.
“Any other critical instructions here?” He smiled up at her, holding her nipple between his teeth.
“Make me howl like a wolf, then purr like a cougar.” She shrugged, feeling too love-drugged to care how goofy that sounded.
“We’ll both howl.” He reared up onto his knees, picked her up by the hips, and began jackhammering into her. “We’ll howl like the moon was full tonight.”
She hung on to the bedroll under her as he slammed into her, wild and unfettered.
With teeth bared and the firelight behind him, Thad looked like he belonged up here, feral and free on his mountain.
Squeezing herself tight around him, she let the moment surround her, let the man she couldn’t live without take her where she needed to go. Her body convulsed with her sudden climax, sending her shooting out of her body. Circling the moon, she let loose with a loud animal cry.
“That’s it, Cheyenne. Let it go. Let yourself...." With a jerk of his hips, he shouted with everything he had, his cry echoing with hers around the cave. He pounded into her a dozen more times, then pulled out, collapsing onto her and rolling to her side, his head on her chest. He panted, loud and fast, for what seemed like forever.
“C’mere.” He tugged her on top of him, holding her head over his heart, smoothing her hair as both their heartbeats slowed.
“Wow. Guess it must be all the fresh air.” She kissed his chest.
Thad chuckled, the sound rolling from deep inside him. “Must be. That and our wild naked primal…what was all that you were saying before?”
“I don’t know. I talk too much. A hazard of my job.” She could lay here with him for the rest of her life.
“I think it’s perfect. You like to talk. I don’t. But you seem to get me to say more to you in one minute than I usually say in a whole day. We’re good together.”
Her heart thudded. “We are good together.”
“Move in with me.” His body stiffened.
She froze for a minute then shifted so she could look into his eyes. He was dead serious. She didn’t know how to respond. “I assume you mean at the ranch, not here in the cave, right?”
He nodded.
She swallowed. This was not a topic to joke about. “I do a lot of traveling. Have to be in hotels all over Montana for days at a time.”
“I’ll wait for you.” His whiskey-brown eyes reflected the firelight. Intensity filled his gaze.
She couldn’t resist. Even this early in their relationship, and with the shaky start they had, this felt right. It filled her heart with joy and was the perfect thing for him to ask her. “Yes. I’ll move in with you.”
He smiled, then dropped his head back, laughing. When he sat up and pulled her onto his lap, he kissed her cheeks, her nose, her chin. “You’ve made me a very happy man, Cheyenne. And I promise to make the rest of your life the best of your life.”
She sucked in a breath and gave in to the tears that filled her eyes. “And I promise to enjoy every precious minute of it.”
*~*~*~*
Thank you for reading Haunting a Cowboy!
If you enjoyed the story, please leave a review at your favorite online bookstore.
Ready to see what Reede finds on his porch under the full moon?
To grab your copy of the next book in the series, find the links on my website.
Unforgiven Spirit
Ghosts of High Paradise Ranch, Book 2
Chapter One
Susana Kader swerved her little green sedan to miss the… “What the heck?” A glowing green horse and cowboy raced across the dark road right in front of her. She slammed on the brakes and spun the steering wheel, making her tires slide along the gravel. She’d been going too fast; she’d told herself that just three minutes ago, but did she listen? No.
All she wanted was to get home. Well, her rented cabin close to the High Paradise, Thad McCade’s Montana ranch. Which she was illegally crossing right at this moment.
Her car slowed but skidded toward the ditch. “Aw, hell no!” She was being so smart, taking this shortcut to get home five minutes earlier than if she’d used the main road. After spending nine hours poring over public records of the High Paradise Ranch, she was looking forward to a glass of scotch, a frozen meal expertly prepared by her microwave, and a long soak...
A loud bang came from the front end of the car as it nosedived into the ditch and stopped with a vengeance, tossing her forward against the seatbelt. Her head hit the side window as the airbag bloomed in front of her.
Everything went gray. She tried to stay awake, but her eyelids dropped. A wobbly memory of a shimmering cowboy on a powerful horse passed through her mind. Was this her punishment for all the dirt she was digging up on the ranch? To be reaped from this planet, not by a black-robed figure with a sickle, but by an electric cowboy?
****
Reede Munro wandered from the kitchen of his house...technically, it was the High Paradise Ranch foreman’s house he was allowed to use. Carrying a bottle of beer, he walked through the dining room and juggled his sandwich plate in his other hand as he turned on the light in the living room. It had been a long day, and even though he’d been foreman for eleven months, he still hadn’t gotten used to having to boss the men around.
Thad McCade, one of the owners of the ranch, had promised Reede he wouldn’t regret taking the job, and he didn’t, except for at night, when he was all alone in this house. He plopped down in the leather recliner in the living room and turned up the volume on the basketball game playing on the big screen TV.
Solo living allowed him to leave the TV on all night, playing it as loud as he cared to. No one would hear. No one else was in the big old two-story place that had been built for a family to grow into. Chugging his beer, he washed away the bad memories that lingered too close tonight. He was here alone, and probably always would be, the way his luck was going.
A thump sounded from the back of the house. A really loud thump, not like the usual creaks and groans that had him thinking of the restless spirits that wandered the night.
He cocked his head, scratching his short beard, then tugged at his dark-blond hair, cut short this afternoon by a ranch hand’s girlfriend who was studying to be a stylist.
Finishing his sandwich, he considered heading to bed, even though it was barely nine. Five a.m. came damn early, especially in late fall, close to the end of October when the sun didn’t shine over the mountains until well past eight.
Another thud came from the back of the house, and Reede muted the TV, un-reclined himself, and wandered toward the kitchen. He stopped three feet shy of entering the room.
From the window in the door and the one over the kitchen table, green light flooded into the room. Clomping, like horses’ hooves pounding the planks, raised up a ruckus.
“Damn cussed ranch hands.” They were up to their pranks again? When he’d been promoted to foreman, the other hands had made a point of carrying out elaborate hoaxes on him. He hadn’t complained. It was just their way of initiating him, showing him that even though he was in charge of them now, they still considered him one of them.
That had gone on until Thad had heard about the pranks and had taken a walk down to the bunkhouse one evening and laid down the law. Reede hated to think he needed someone to police the men for him, but it had worked, and the pranks had stopped.
Until now.
Reede pulled his coat off the tree by the door and tugged it on, then set his heavy black cowboy hat on his head and opened the door. He was ready to face whatever the boys had in store for him tonight.
*~*~*~*

Connect With Me
Thanks for reading Haunting a Cowboy. I hope you enjoyed Cheyenne and Thad’s story. I loved adding a little other-worldliness to the book, and I sure did torture poor Thad with it. Cheyenne was a lot of fun for me to write because the one and only time I went to a psychic (in Salem, Massachusetts!) he told me I was ignoring my psychic abilities. And I’m still ignoring them, mainly because it’s a little too scary for me.
The hauntings at the foreman’s house continue with Reede and Susana’s story in Unforgiven Spirt, Book 2 of the Ghosts of High Paradise Ranch Series. Purchase links are available on my website.
I'd love to hear from you. I've listed all the places I hang out, and I hope you'll connect with me at one or more of them.
All my best,
Randi
RandiAlexander.com
Facebook
Facebook Fan Page
Twitter
Instagram
Goodreads
About the Author
Randi Alexander writes romance novels in a fun variety of genres, like western, paranormal, menage, and sweet. When she’s not writing a story or dreaming about her next book, Randi is biking trails along remote rivers or snorkeling the Gulf of Mexico.
Forever an adventurous spirit with a romantic imagination, Randi is family-oriented and married to the best guy in the world. Give in to the allure of passion as Randi’s emotional love stories sweep you off your feet and leave you breathless.
Other Books by Randi Alexander
Ghosts of High Paradise Ranch Series
Book 1: Haunting a Cowboy - FREE!
Book 2: Unforgiven Spirit
Book 3: Ghostly Charades
Book 4: Sexy Ghosts: 4 Paranormal Romances
Heroes in the Saddle Series
Book 1: Hot in the Saddle - FREE!
Book 2: Badge and a Saddle
Book 3: Saddle and a Siren
Cowboy Jackpot Series
Book 1: Cowboy Jackpot Christmas - FREE!
Book 2: Cowboy Jackpot Valentine’s Day
Book 3: Cowboy Jackpot St. Patrick’s Day
Hot Country Series
Book 1: Chase and Seduction - FREE!
Book 2: Heart of Steele
Book 3: Rough Ryder
All Cowboy Series
Book 1: All Hat No Cattle - FREE!
Book 2: All Flash No Cash
Book 3: All Smoke No Fire
The Sons of Dusty Walker Series
Book 1: Jackson - FREE!
Book 2: Rori & Jackson
Book 3: A Wedding in Red Creek
Double Seduction Series
Book 1: Double Her Fantasy - FREE!
Book 2: Double Her Pleasure
Book 3: Double Her Temptation
Book 4: Double Her Destiny
Book 5: Double Her Desire
Cowboy Bad Boys Series
Book 1: He’s a Gentleman and a Cowboy
Book 2: Hard Headed Cowboy
Book 3: Ride a Cowboy
Book 4: Cowboy and a Badge
Book 5: Fall Hard for a Cowboy
Book 6: Break a Cowboy’s Heart
Book 7: Hot Lessons from a Cowboy
Book 8: Redneck Romeo
Standalone Books
Christmas Millionaires
