

Heartbroken 


~~~


David Manoa



Copyright 2017 David Manoa
Smashwords Edition
v.2.9
~~~~


The author asserts the moral right to be identified as
The author of this work.


All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any electronic or mechanical means including photocopying, recording, information storage and retrieval systems, or otherwise, without prior permission in writing from the author, with the exception of a book reviewer, who may quote short excerpts in a review.

~~~~~~


Nico Joel 

I remember the first time I had my heart broken. I was 24 years old living with my Fiancé Heather Summers who was 21 years old at the time. We lived in a two bedroom apartment which was a humble start to get on the property ladder. I had this sense of content and accomplishment having everything set up for my lady. Ahead of all my peers. 
Home bought 'Check.'
Good job 'Check.'
The Beautiful and gorgeous woman I want to spend my life with. Check! Check! check.
Sheesh, little did I know. Well, very little did I realize that Heather felt trapped imposing my ambitious life on her. Everything I strived for, a future for us. So many things went through my mind as a young man at the time. What I did wrong, what she did wrong. How we could make amends. I learned that you both have to want to the same things in life. To share the same dreams and vision for the future.
I have to admit, it was the time I cried my eyes out, standing in the lounge in my apartment with the lights off. No one could see me cry. I looked at the mirror across me. Bare-chested and hurt. I would pound my chest hard with a closed fist to drown out the sorrow and sadness. Spiraling emotions that tortured me. 
 The ambient light from the other apartments illuminated the lounge with a faint light. The darkness covering one side of my face. Hiding my puffy eyes and the stream of tears that went down to my chin then dripped to the floor. I looked at the ground thinking if I would get over this. When will the friggin pain in my head stop? I spent years in a cycle of alcohol and depression reclusing to myself. All hope of meeting someone. Futile.
When I turned 34, I met Candice my whole life changed. I embraced joy but a sense of distrust and caution. I always waited for the fall with her... and bless her heart, she stuck with me with all my insecurities and jealousy. It was then Candice fell pregnant and gave birth to my daughter India. That I was able to let go. Seeing this new life, half of me and half of Candice come into this world.
I had two ladies in my life to take care of. And five years on, I popped the question to Candice to marry me. I dreamed of the day we would walk down the aisle. Harping back to the fantasy I had as a young man. Older now, wiser I like to think. Deep down this is the time. But I had this notion something wasn't right. That point when we looked at each other’s eyes and seeing her hesitate for that split second before she said I do. I knew Candice had secrets but this one... Damn.... I guess you will have to ride with me to the end and find out...

***
Chapter 1: Secrets and white lies.
Onehunga Public Library.
Auckland.
New Zealand.
10am
Saturday.

I've been coming to this library ever since my uncle encouraged us to read. Every Saturday I would wake up to a big hearty breakfast of baked beans and scrambled eggs on toast then we would walk for 15 minutes here. I was always a keen reader since I was young. I was of that generation where Video games started to creep in eroding that joy of books. There was a fish and chip shop across the library that had some arcade coin machine operated games. I use to lie to my parents about my overdue fines to get money to feed my video game addiction. Now the internet and the PlayStation has changed all that. I sat in the children's section sitting on the ridiculously small green plastic chair and the table built for kids or dwarfs while India browsed for books. I let her browse the whole library to observe what would interest her. Her mother was never a reader of books more so magazines, so she always left these daddy moments for me to do solely. I loved it, though. I remember reading books to India when she was the womb. Candice berated me for thinking what I was doing was stupid. Little did she know it was my bonding time with her as soon as she was born. It was bizarre when I would speak to her as a little infant my words or tone of my voice calmed her more than actions of her mother unless if she hungry or soiled her nappies. India therein became more attached to me.
India pulled out a book and ran over to me. Jesus how time flew when you held this little one in your arm selecting books now she's on her own. I took out a tissue to wipe her runny nose. India had blonde hair like her mother, but with my tall, dark and handsome looks, she got everything else. Heart shaped face. Her innocent looking brown eyes stare at me.
“What?” I ask.
She reached over to touch my beard.
“Is there food stuck in there?” I asked
“No Daddy. There's heaps of white hairs.”
I laughed, “Daddy's getting old. Ancient.”
“Like Grandpa?”
“Umm... no. Not yet. I can still walk and run.” India pinched my beard, “Ow!”
“I'm taking it out, Daddy! I don't want you to be old like grandpa.”
I smiled, “Why not?”
“Umm... Because he's always sick! And he's wearing nappies, and he poos his pants!”
I laughed, “Trust me. I won't I be wearing nappies anytime soon.” I kissed her forehead, and she kept examining my beard before her attention went to my hair.
She points, “Your hairs on ya head are going white too daddy!”
“That's from your momma!” I laughed.
Her brows furrowed, “Huh?” she said, “What did mommy do to make your hair white?”
I paused knowing this might be awkward later when we arrive home. “Oh nothing dear, tell me what book did you choose?” Sneakily trying to change the subject as all adults do...
“I got two!” she smiles, “I got the book mommy reads.”
“Eh?”
Underneath her book of Where the Wild Things Are and a copy of Women's Weekly. The magazine is plastered with the Paparazzi headlines of sex scandals and scantily clad women. I pull out the magazine and slide it down on the table away from her.
She frowns, “I was reading that one Daddy!”
I sigh, “Not good for you Hun the words are hard to read. 
“But there’s pictures!”
I raise a brow, “Not the ones you should be looking at. Besides it’s for grown-ups.”
“I'm gonna be a grown up one day daddy. I’m gonna be preettty like those girls in there and have big boobs!”
I raise a brow, “Not if you read that.” India frowns I kinda guess what she's gonna ask next. I take the proper book and open up the first page. “Uh... Let’s read now ok?”
She smiles, “Can you read to me, daddy?”
“Sure.” I said, “But can we move to the seats over there, my bum is getting sore.”
India chuckles as she bolts over to the large red sofa. She clears the books that were left carelessly there, and she sits as I stagger over like grandpa with the pins and needles in my lower half of my body. I drop down stretching my legs out when India shifts right next to me. I open up the book and begin to read, India is engaged and enjoying the first half when she falls asleep.
In that quiet moment, I stare out into the library to all the people coming through from all walks of life. Being the community library, it has a leaning to attracting the unemployed and the odd people with bizarre behavior that come in. There is this one lady who frequents the romance section with piles of books only to return the next day again with another large collection, I’m a fast reader but either this lady is very lonely or is a savant speed reader. 
The computer section has more people using them than actual readers in the library. The free wireless a wholesome attraction. The skinny Indian security guard walks past me playing on his phone oblivious to his job. I notice the big boned, six foot five bald headed, glass wearing Librarian, standing over a young mother who is using a computer. She has a pram beside her, with her baby. The kid is crying, and with her best attempts is trying to quiet the child. She is disrupting the group of computer users around her, I see them turning muttering a string of curses and crossed brows. It is when the baby screams to the top her lungs that the librarian points to the door, signaling to her to leave. She points to her screen perhaps waiting for something to print or a message. She points over to our area. Taking out a baby bottle. She appears stressed out, she lifts the baby out of the pram and walks over here. Nursing the baby in her arms. India wakes up and sees the baby, she rubs her eyes.
“India, let's go,” I say.
“Why is the baby crying?” she stated in a loud voice.
I squeeze my eyes when the young mother catches an earshot of what she said.
She says to India and me, “I'm so sorry to disturb you both.”
“That's ok,” I said. I move over one, and the young mother sits next to me. She tries to feed the baby, but the baby continues to cry. India turns to me.
“Go, Daddy!” she nudges me.
“What?” I raise a brow.
India cups her hand to my ear. “Read to the baby so she can be quiet.”
The young mother smiles as India starts shushing the little one when the baby begins to settle.
“Hi my name is Kerryn, and this noisy little one here is Zach.”
“Nico and this little monster here is India.” 
Kerryn smiles, teeth so straight and white. Brunette hair tied back, she had a slim build. “Could I ask you a favor and can you hold my son while I finish using my computer? Be only be a few minutes. I will be so grateful.”
“Ok.”
She hands me her son when I hold him in my arms. Gosh, it reminds me so much of India. India is curious about the kid. She touches his little hands. Zach studies us both. 
“Is it a boy?” she asks as Zach starts to cry.
“Yes, Hun. You use to be this size you know.”
“Really!”
“Uh huh. You didn’t cry this loud, though.” I muttered.
India smiles, then frowns “Is the baby sad. Daddy?”
“No, I think he's hungry. I’ll try and give his milk. See how he's drinking from the bottle.”
Zach calms, India tries to hold the bottle. “Yeah.”
“That's why.”
“Oh.”
I flick my eyes to Kerryn who is collecting her printed pieces of paper and slots them in a folder. She walks back over here.
“Thank you so much, Nico. If I stayed any longer, they would have booted me out.”
“No worries.” 
“You seem to be a natural with kids Zach rarely is ever calm with strangers.”
India blurts “My daddy is the best!”
I blush, when the young mother chuckles. “I'm sure he is, your wife and you are very lucky.”
I flinch when pieces of paper fall out of the folder. They seem like rental agreements. I try to read more when Kerryn catches me staring at them.
“Sorry, it's for a statehouse I'm applying for.” She said with a flushed face.
“Oh.” I say, “I'm sorry you are finding things difficult.”
She flinches, her eyes water slightly. Her arms reach out, and I hand her back Zach. Being close to Kerryn, I notice her features again. Slim body, brown eyes, and light brown hair. Kerryn is an attractive young woman. But there is something you see in the face the compounding effects of stress that puts tension on the eyes. A permanent puffiness.
She puts Zach in the Pram and places a blanket on him, and India pulls up the blanket slightly.
Kerryn smiles “You would make a great big sister for Zach. Thank you, India.”
India straightens up with words of encouragement makes her proud. She smiles her face lighting up the whole library. Kerryn spears her hair, then threads her handbag on her shoulder.
She said, “I've seen you here a lot reading to your daughter. I admire that you invest your time in your child. I wish I had more time to do those things instead of having to work.”
I raise a brow, “I would have thought the Domestic Purposes Benefit would cover that?”
“No. I only get $400 a week. When you take out rent, power, and food. Then there are the childcare costs. That is $200 a week. Sometimes I think I'm better off quitting work but what I earn just gets us by.”
It hit my heartstrings because Kerryn was so beautiful and to see her struggle reminded me of why I worked my ass off to be financially independent for my family. I stared at the ground for a moment thinking the consequences and the life Kerryn is living when India grabbed my hand and squeezed shifting me back to reality.
I peer up, “I hope things improve for you and your son.”
She smiles pulling down the plastic cover over the pram. “Thank you, Nico. I guess I'll be seeing you around. Appreciate you minding my son.” We stood as Kerryn pushed her pram out the door when I knelt to pick up our books. India tried to put the magazine back in when I raised a brow. She put it back on the table.
“Let's go home. Mommy's gonna wonder why we are late.”
“Can we buy an ice-cream from McDonald's daddy?”
I smoothed my jaw when I remembered the bar and grill next door, which had outdoor chairs where I can enjoy a beer in the summer sun. I check my phone and its 1 pm.
I nodded, “I'll text mom and say we going to be slightly delayed.”
“Yay! Mmm Ice cream.” India screams. We head out and my mouth parched dry in his heat thought mmmm beer...
***
The Zookeepers Inn
Royal Oak
2pm.

After grabbing an Oreo Mc flurry for India, we crossed the zebra crossing to head to the bar. We sat in the outdoor area next to the main road. Sheltered by the giant green sun umbrella, sitting back in the comfy chair. I watched traffic pass while India swirled the crushed Oreos around in her cup like she was mixing concrete. I winced.
“Do you like it, Hun?” I asked.
“Yeah, yummy, yummy for my tummy. Mommy gets the m&m one, and I always choose the Oreo.”
“It looks like dirt.”
“Nooo!” she laughs dipping her spoon into the ice-cream to feed me. “Here. Have some daddy?”
“Uh, no thanks ill have grown up food.”

I signal to the waiter who brings a tray with my glass of beer. The waiter lays it down in front of me. Watching the amber liquid bubble. Condensation falling on the sides of the glass like it's sweating. My mouth is salivating anticipation the bitter, refreshing liquid. But before I indulge I take out my phone and take a picture.
SNAP
#Saturday Arvo Goals!
I Upload it to Facebook then took the first sip. India is watching, frowning. All my friends liking my post. 34 and all.
“What?” I ask.
“Mommy says you drink too much.”
“C'mon Hun, really?”
“She says beer makes you fat and stupid!”
“Well so does Oreo ice creams.” I laughed.
“No!” She screamed.
I take another sip when India points. My head turns, and its Hemi Porter. My brown brother, I mean light brown brother from another mother. He's wearing a black suit with a black tie with his Prada glasses. Standing 6 feet, slim athletic build he spears back his salt and pepper hair which is unusual for someone in his mid-twenties. Must be the same thing I had…
“Ha, Nico! You motherfuc-” I cringe when I thumb point to India who lowers her book. “Mother Flutter... Hey, India!”
She smiles, “Hi Hemi!”
Hemi takes a seat, putting his keys on the table. He fist bumps India. “Of all places I find you here Nico! How you been?” he asks.
“Surviving mate. You’re looking extremely dapper today.” I said, “Court appearance for crimes against humanity?”
Hemi chuckles, “ha-ha fu- um... f you man.” Looking at India. “Just been finalizing my side with Nicole. Kinda getting messy.”
“She wanting custody of Milan?”
“No, we're all clear on that. It's the house were trying sort, it isn't about that 50 /50 these days. You know we decided to split amicably as they say. And for a few months, we were living our own lives. Then I met Mary this new girl in my life.”
I sit up. “Wow Damn, you moved quickly.”
“Mary’s all understanding with my kid and all that but Nicole... Oh my god when she found out... she went all psycho. Like a stalker, stalker psycho.”
“Dude she was insane to start with.” I said, “I knew there were problems when I had to make up excuses so you could come out with me. I'm glad you're out. You were a prisoner in your own home. Where do I start with Nicole, texting and calling to check up you? Deciding what you can and can't wear, she was even asking you to grow a beard! Dude, straight up you were her house slave!”
Hemi smooths his face, “No I was her house nigga. That's just the start.” He sighs, “Sometimes I wish I just stayed with her ass. She's causing a lot of stress with Mary.”
“What do you mean?”
“Her behavior is crazy dude! Well because Nicole did the dirty on me on the house. Mary has been staying with me. So when my turn to have Milan comes round she's making up shit, I mean ship.” He flicks his eyes at India who smirks. “That I'm still sleeping with her.”
“Jesus.”
“Nicole even wanted to fight her. Cause she growled off Milan!”
“Dude, you need to call the cops and put a restraining order on Nicole.”
“I don't get it. Why can't Nicole just leave me be and let me be happy?”
“She can't. Because she's a control freak. Maybe things will change once she gets her own man.”
“Doubt it Nico. She seems hell bent on messing mine up first. She's even using Milan to spy on me.” he says, “My own son!”
“Jesus that low?”
“Uh huh. And the odd thing is Milan doesn’t know he's doing it. Nicole is the most cunning interrogator.”
We pause to admire the gray Lamborghini drive past when I signal to the waiter to bring two more beers. I flick my eyes to India who is still reading her book.
“You ok Hun?” I asked her.
She nods, then resumes reading.
Hemi said, “Gosh she's growing Nico. Last time I saw her, she was as high as my knee. Where's Candice?”
“Home. Her mother is here for the day, so they are hanging out.”
Hemi lifts his beer and takes a sip, “Daddy day care again. Huh?”
“Yeah. Great times.”
“I tell you what. I dream, well I mean, I wished I had what you have dude. I knew my gut was telling to break it off with Nicole six months in when she tried to change me.”
“Well can't be all bad you were a builder remember getting pittance pay doing 60 hour weeks?”
Hemi examines rough hands, scratching at the calluses. “Yeah, I'll give her that gratitude, for pushing me into doing things that were uncomfortable. Meeting all her Richie rich friends. Mixing and mingling talking posh. Learning to eat with a knife and fork properly ha-ha. All of her networking leading me to the job I’m in now. Selling houses. Can't say I'm happier in my job, but the good money I'm making now is because of her.”
“Sweet and sour.”
Hemi grins, “That's for damn sure.”
“I swear Nicole is gonna do anything to wreck my relationship. I'm thinking of asking Mary to be my wife.”
I nearly choked on my beer. “What! The heck are you crazy?”
“I know. It will get Nicole off my back, though.”
“Dude I dunno. Sounds like a bad excuse.”
“What can I do? I mean I love Mary, and I view her as a long-term girl. So what's the difference?”
“Dude if she found out the only reason was of Nicole. She' be upset. C'mon man there's gotta be another way.”
“Got any friends who might be interested in Nicole?”
“Na nor would I want to introduce them to her either. I don't know what kind of guy would suit her headstrong personality.”
“Fire with fire.”
“Um... Maybe she needs those alpha male types, Candice reads in her romance novels.”
Hemi pulls on his suit, then adjusts his cufflinks. “What! I'm an alpha male.”
I roll my eyes, “Dude you are an Omega Male when you with her. Your voice changes every time you talk to her like your balls have dropped to your toes. Squeak Squeak. Ha-ha!”
“Shut up Nico.” Hemi face palms when India copies me. 
Hemi phone rings and the name 'psycho bitch face slut' pops up on screen.
“Gosh, that bad huh?”
“All I can say you are a lucky man to be with Candice. Hey, I gotta go, call me when you want to have a beer. I promise I won't be needing a late pass now,” he cuts the air with his hand like a knife. “Ever.”
Hemi stood taking his ringing phone to answer with swear words that made me cover India's ears. I guess we better head home and see my wife!
***

Chapter 2: Happy Wife, Happy Life?

Hemi was kind enough to drop us home after our beer. He lingered around the carpark long enough that he spotted us walking. Even though it was just the one, there is something about the hot day that makes you light headed. We lived in a 1940's villa, which I bought when I met my first girlfriend, Heather. Over the years, I renovated to the point where there was nothing left to do. Things fell into place when I was looking for another project to do when Candice got pregnant with India.
I opened the gate to see Candice out on the deck smoking a cigarette. She was wearing a white bathrobe, and her hair was wrapped in a towel. She blew smoke, shaking her head. The scent drifted across making India cover her mouth. The thing about her school is the anti-smoking messages they instilled in India that made her give Candice her 2c worth. But it's the nature of that addiction, I remember fighting tooth and nail for her not to smoke while pregnant. Though I'm sure, she must have snuck in a few.
She stood leaning on the pillar, hand under elbow. Taking in another drag when India ran up to her. She hugged her legs before bolting inside with her books. I approached her, she blew out her held back smoke, blowing in a downwards direction. I gave her a peck on the check.
“I can smell beer on you, Nico!”
“It was just the one!”
She flicks her eyes up the driveway waving to Hemi as he reverses out. “Not when you're with that numbskull Hemi.”
“He spotted us at the bar then joined us. He's going through a stressful time with his breakup.” She said nothing, only to take another pull from her cigarette. “How was your mother?”
“She's Fine,” she said. “She just left half an hour ago, she wanted to say goodbye to India.”
“Oh, sorry about that Hun. You should have called.”
“I did.”
“When?”
“Where's your phone?”
I took it out and looked at it, the battery was dead. I showed it to Candice. She shook her head.
“If there was an emergency what are you gonna do?” she said, “You gotta be more responsible.”
“Sorry. The switch for the charger wasn't on this morning, but it was 50%. Charged.”
“You know how these phones are with their shitty battery life. Again. It's about being responsible.”
I sigh, “Jeez Relax woman.”
She said nothing letting the ash build up. The muscles in her jaw pulsed.
I said, “What's for dinner?”
Candice stubbed out the cigarette. “You cook your own fucking dinner.” She walked back inside, and I stared at the smoke drifting up from the stubbed cigarette. Sheesh, what the hell is her problem? I plonked my butt on the deck chair outside knowing Candice is in her moods again. I tried to think if it was her period but the more I thought about it. Her bitchiness seemed to revolve so often that it wasn't.
 India ran out with one of her books, she sat on my lap when she pointed to her page.
“Daddy, what's this word?”
“Hold on a minute.” I craned my neck to the side, “Hun, what's mommy doing?”
“She's watching TV and doing her make up.”
“Oh, so no dinner then.”
“She made me coco pops for dinner. Yummy.”
I winced.
“I told mommy we had ice-cream and I said that it makes you fat and stupid.”
I closed my eyes, “Oh! India it was a secret!”
She shrugged, “I wanted to ask mommy if it was true.”
I shook my head and rubbed my eye knowing Candice has more ammunition to shoot me with. I needed something to dull my brain from the verbal bullets.
“Can you grab me a beer from the fridge? Don't let mommy see you.”
“Can I take an ice block?”
“Mmmm ok.”
She smiles and sneaks off.
I take her book and examine it. Flicking through the pages of the title Cat in the Hat... gosh, this book brings back memories. India arrives with a beer in hand clutching an ice block on the other. I take the beer and open it as she sat next to me. The shade from the nectarine tree covered us I looked ahead at the bbq wondering if I should cook dinner since wifey is angry.
“Hey,” I said. “You want bbq?”
India's eyes light up “Yeah I want sausage and bread and heaps and heeeaaps of tomato sauce!”
I winced remembering the last time we did a bbq. Literally, India’s sausage was drenched in sauce. I felt like doing marinated chicken breast with a crisp salad.
“We'll head down to the supermarket and grab some chicken, you want to come?”
“Yeah!”
Candice comes out again with her handbag, she's dressed up. Wearing a black mini skirt. Black heels and a dousing of fake tan.
“Hun I'm gonna cook a bbq. Is that ok.”
She opened the car, rolling her eyes, “Whatever.”
“Where you going?”
“Out. I do have friends you know, Nico.”
She sat in the car and started it up pulling out of the driveway. I turned to India.
“Mommy's always angry daddy.” She says.
“I know.”
“Is she eating too much ice cream?” she asked.
I kiss her forehead. “No, mommy is just going through a hard time. I'll talk to her at bedtime. C'mon lets go to the supermarket.”
***

Onehunga Countdown Supermarket
7pm

We walked 400 meters down to our local supermarket, the great thing about living here in Onehunga is the proximity to everything. The airport, the city, and parks. India rode her tricycle as we crossed the zebra crossing to head into the supermarket. There was a homeless man outside dressed in an old army green jacket and torn jeans who sat with a rusted tin asking for change. He reached out and scared India making her stop. But he was just waving saying hi. I took the bike chain and tied it around the pole which had the parking time. I reached out and gave the man five dollars. India stared at the man who then smiled with rotten teeth, she hid behind me, and then we went in to buy our groceries. I took a trolley and lifted her up to put her in the spot.
“Gosh, you might be too big for this now.”
“Nooo!” she said squirming to fit.
I pushed the trolley, as went first though the fruit and veggies Isles. The refreshing scent and air-con made me relaxed.
India said, “Daddy what did you give the man the money for?”
“Hun, sometimes in life you gotta show a little kindness for those less fortunate.”
“Is he poor daddy?”
I nod, and India leans to the side of me to watch him through the window when I reach for the lettuce and cherry tomatoes. We push on further to the meat section, and I reach out for the chicken breasts.
“There Daddy get the sausages!”
I turn to left there was the selection of the precooked and the fresh ones. I examined the packaging comparing the rosemary lamb and the precooked.
India pointed to my left, “Get that one it's on special.”
I smiled, knowing I taught her well to keep an eye out for the tags “There is a reason. Sheesh, there is only 60% beef in these. I wonder what the rest is.”
I reach for the lamb ones and chuck that in the trolley and head to check out. We wait in line, and I start to put the groceries on the conveyor belt when I see India lick her lips eyeing the confectionery. “Don't even think about it. You've had too much sugar today.”
“Aww!” India says her lips turn inwards.
I give the cashier cash, and she hands me back a ten dollar note with coins. India in her cheeky voice told me she would take it and reached out as the lady placed it in her hands.
“Here give me the change?” I said.
“Can I keep it, daddy? I got you the beer!”
She said it in that cute tone that got the people behind me saying things. Dunno if it was a great idea she mentioned beer. Lol. I rolled my eyes, “Ok. C'mon lets go.”
We walk out when we see the homeless man gone we pass a few shops when India rides her tricycle ahead and stops in front of the liquor store. I catch up with her, and I see the homeless man buying single cans of beer stuffing it in his jacket. I shook my head.
“Sheesh, maybe beer does make you stupid.” I turn to India, “C'mon.”

We cut through the upper-level car park when I spot a black van by the stairs that take you to the road. India rides close to the van. It’s dented and has rust spots all over. Even the paint job looks like it’s been sprayed on with spray-paint with its matt like finish. The passenger door is open, I peer inside to kitchen utensils a makeshift table. A gas bottle at the back, I see a mattress laid down with blankets. I see feet and hands kicking up and the cries of an infant. Then India rides around the other side when she stops. It's the lady I met from the library. She in holding a baby bottle and towel around her wrist.
“Oh. Nico!” She flushed red, she's wearing a faded brown t-shirt and jeans, “We were here to do some shopping.”
“Oh ok.” I paused, knowing she is living out her van.
“Excuse me one sec.” She goes into her van to get her son and feeds him. “Gosh, how long have you been living out of your van?” I asked.
She pauses saying nothing for a moment, nursing the bottle to feed Zach. She sighs then flicks her eyes up to me. “It's only been a week. That's why I was doing the forms to get emergency housing.”
“Damn what happened before? You said you were renting.”
“I was. I fell behind on my rent payments when they raised it. I got kicked out, lost my bond too. I was too ashamed to tell you I was living on the street.”
“I'm sorry.”
“I can't blame the landlord, there's only so many times. I kept giving her excuses. When I turned up to find all my stuff outside the door with the locks changed. I sold what I could and bought this van for my baby and me.”
“Damn don't you have any family you can stay with?”
She flinched, “No.”
I raised a brow, puzzled. “Seriously you don't have anyone?”
She said nothing when he removed her bottle from her son when he drifted off to sleep. She put him back on the mattress and India and I, peered into her setup. Looking at the cans of tinned food stacked up and 2-minute noodles. Jesus who can live in something like this. We leaned back when she slid the door halfway. She leaned on the van raking back her hair looking down when India took out her change and put it in her jeans.
She broke down in tears...
India comforted her by wrapping her arms around her. She held her palms by her face and wept. I took out my wallet and took out all the cash I had $300 cash and all. I reached across and handed it. She refused.
“No.” she sniffled I can't take it. “Thank you, for your generosity. I shouldn't have put my sob story on you. Once my forms come through, I'll be on my feet again. I promise. Everything has been tough.” It was then the baby cried again when she open the door nursing him. She sniffled. “I need to change him can you hold him while I get the nappies?”
“Ok.” I hold the little one when I slip the cash under Zach’s shirt. I wait till Kerryn comes around when she takes him. “It was great to see you. We better get back.”
***

8pm
BBQ is on!

Raising a young lady has it benefits. One she can learn from the number one chef in the world! Ha-ha. There's this thing about me I like to impress India with my culinary skills.   We at the kitchen table where we start marinating the chicken breasts. Our kitchen with the bi-fold doors opens out to the deck. I fire up the bbq to get it hot before heading back to the bench. I have my apron on, and India is standing on a chair watching me. She washes her hands and dries it with the paper towel.
“Ok. Pay close attention!” I said. 
“I'm watching daddy!”
“Cool. Pay attention cause one day you gonna be cooking for your husband.”
“Ew.”
I laugh, “That will be around your 40s.”
“Huh?” she's Puzzled. “Why 40?”
“Nothing it’s an inside dad joke. Anyways, ok the first step take out the chicken and put it in the bowl.”
“Can I do it?”
“Ok.” I take the knife slice around the plastic. I drain the excess fluid. “Take the chicken pieces and put it in the bowl.”
India grabs the chicken breast. “Ew, it's so slimy Daddy.”
“C'mon just put it in.”
She places the pieces in, and I take out the virgin olive oil. Himalayan sea salt and black cracked pepper and soy sauce and Manuka honey and start adding it.
“Now mix it all up India,” India clucks her tongue and mixes around the ingredients. “Cool. That's enough. Now wash your hands.”
She examines her hands and fingers. Her tongue pokes out just about to lick it.
“AH! No! Don't lick your fingers. The raw chicken can make you sick.”
“Then why we eating it daddy?”
“The bbq will kill all the germs. Remember when you poke it the juices should run clear or else you might get a sore stomach.”
“I'm having a sausage then.”
She washes her hands, and I peer up at the clock to check that Candice isn't back yet. I cover the bowl and take it out to bbq, to start it on the grill. “Might be just you and me tonight Hun?”
“Mommy not eating?”
“No.”
She blinks her eyes, mouth turns inwards “ok.”
“Hun, can you grab two plates and set up the table?” India nods when I grab the tongs to throw the pieces on the grill “Oh and grab me a beer too!”
“Huh? I only got two hands daddy!” she said hands on hips.
“One at a time then.”
I checked my phone. My fully charged phone had no messages from Candice. I sent her a text that I'm doing the bbq now. I put away my phone when India came up with a beer on hand and knives and forks in the other.
“Thanks, Hun.”
I turned the chicken breast around there is a nice caramelization happening, and it smells fantastic. I checked my phone.
Candice: Don't worry about me going to dinner with the girls then clubbing. Need to let my hair down a bit. Will be back late. Make sure India is in bed before 9 pm.
For fucks sakes. I took a sip from my beer when I hear the familiar rumble of a BMW. I turn my head, and my boy Hemi is here. He gets out wearing his navy blue suit, white shirt, and brown shoes. He rubs his tummy, then licks his lips.
“Smells delicious.” Hemi said, “Hey India!”
“Jesus Hemi, you have this knack of always turning up at the right time don't you?”
He smiles, “Hey I just brought back one the books India left in my car. But it looks like the food gods have drawn me here also.”
“Oh, thanks. Bring your car into the driveway, it’s not safe to park on the road. I'm assuming you'll be staying for dinner.”
“If I'm not intruding.” He grins, “Hey where's Candice?”
“Out for Dinner with the girls then Clubbing.”
His eyes widen then shakes her head. “Sounds familiar.”
I sip my beer, “What does?”
“Nothing. I just had this conflicting internal conversation in my head.”
I roll my eyes. India comes back with a beer for Hemi. We stand to watch the chicken finish cooking while she sets up the table.
Hemi said, looking at India, “Dude I wish my own son could be that well trained. Damn kid is spoiled now he uses each parent to get his way.” He sips his beer. “Had to drop him off to her mother just before, and I'm in my car with Mary and Nicole comes out dressing all sexy and shit.”
“Bizarre, maybe she's trying to make you think you're missing out on something.”
“Don't get me wrong Mary is not the most psychically attractive but her heart and kindness.”
“She is on the big side.” Hemi chokes on his drink, he pinches his nose. “No offense. What's that term a bit of junk in the trunk?”
Hemi smiles, “Fuck you man, I prefer voluptuous.”
I raise a brow, “Big words for an ex-builder.” I laugh. “I'm glad I met her, though she's got a good heart.”
“Yeah, she does,” Hemi said. “Check this out, man.”
Hemi reaches into his left jacket pocket and takes out a small red velvet jewelry box.
“Oh man! Don't tell me you gonna marry her!”
He laughs, “Relax dude it's a pair of diamond earrings. Ding dong!”
“Phew.”
“I just wanted to do something nice for her. Sticking by me with all my crap and all. Thought about what you said, marrying her wasn't the best idea.”
“Great to know you're using your brain Hemi. Choose your moment wisely.”
We turn to India finish setting up the table, and I put the chicken on a cooling tray, and we sat down for dinner.
India says, “Where's Milan, Hemi?”
“He's at his mother's.”
“Oh, the crazy lady!”
I nudge her, “India!”
Hemi laughs when I take off the foil and starts serving the food.
“That's all right India you have to meet my new girlfriend Mary sometime.”
“New Girlfriend? Are you allowed to have two?”
“Uh no, dear. I'm not with the crazy lady anymore.”
India scratches her head. I'm thinking we better change the subject this might be a bit too much for my little girl to understand. I take a sausage and slice of bread wrapping it up. India is holding the tomato sauce itching to dollop a whole lot of her sausage. I snatch the sauce from her putting on an adequate amount.
“Go Watch TV India. Hemi and I gonna have a talk.”
“Okay, daddy.”
Hemi opens ups the red box and shows me. The earrings sparkle like anything.
“Wow.” I said admiring the bling, “I hope you didn't use all your pay on that?”
“Na, that's what credit cards are for. So check this out it's 18 carats white gold with 1 carat diamonds, damn when she see these puppies she will be over the moon! So… Nico tell me what's been happening in your life.”
“Jesus you a shrink now? Same old apart from the missus getting shitter now. Thinks I'm a drunk.”
“You still drinking every day?” Hemi closes the velvet box and slips it into his jacket pocket.
“It's only the one.” I pause, “Okay two or three.”
Hemi shakes his head, “A tiger's stripes never change, do they? I worry for you man. I'm seeing the signs.”
“Of what?” I said, “That you're retarded?”
“C'mon don't be so pretentious.”
I take another sip, “Another word... Jesus, have you been reading books again?”
“Ha. I'm just saying. I reckon Candice is getting sick of you. It starts with resentment. The little flake that turns into a giant snowball. “
“It's just a phase. I will sit down and chat with her, been a while since we had a one on one.”
Hemi exhales, “Sorry if I'm cutting deep. But you need to get your snowboard ready dude.”
“What?”
“It was a metaphor.” He squeezes his eyes. “Meh, I got my own problems to think about.” Hemi starts to cut into the chicken and eat.
“For sure Hemi.” I say, “Where is Mary anyway?”
“Dunno.” He says mouth full. “Mmm, this is good.”
“Of course it is.”
“What? Isn’t Mary living with you?”
“Off and on now.” He presses his lips, wiping the condensation off the beer with his index finger. “We are taking our time.”
“Time apart.”
“No nothing like that as in I'm waiting for my half of the money to come through from the settlement so I can build a new house.”
I raise a brow, “You weren't even fricking married with Nicole? What half? You were broke when you met Nicole. The way I view it is if you enter the relationship with nothing you leave with nothing.”
He grins, licking his fingers. “That's not how the government views it.”
“Please explain.”
“De-facto relationships take into account the substantial contribution I made.”
“Huh? Which was nothing, broke ass.”
“Na man! I built the house with her money yes. I did all the work myself using all my contacts saving her thousands of dollars and labor. Even made all the council approvals and red tape cheaper and quicker. The value of that house has doubled now over the past three years I'm entitled to something especially when we are sharing Milan now.”
“Gosh, you have a point there. How much do you think you going to end with?” I said, “If you don’t mind me asking?”
“The house will have to be sold first. But current values make me thinks I'll walk away with a million. Easy…”
“Ha! Walk? Nicole will never let you walk with that amount of money. I can understand why she's trying to rope you back in.”
“Never happen mate. I swear on my father's grave and the Jedi Knights. I'll never go back to that bitch. Even if she was the last woman on earth.”
I roll my eyes. “Doubt it. Bet you the moment things start to become complicated with Mary, you'll be running back into Nicole's arms. One thing about Nicole she knows how to seduce you.”
He drains his drink, “Ah! Never.”
I open another bottle of beer and hand to him. “You promise?”
“Yeah. My heart is with Mary Couthers. My one and only. And my diamond gift of appreciation will make sure of that!”
“Cheers to that.”
CLICK!
Hemi drains the rest of bottle. He stands to place the empty bottle in the bin. “Thanks for the meal, much appreciated. I gotta get back. Tell Candice I said Hi.”
“Ok.”
I sat at the table watching India as she switched off the TV to read her book when she drifted off to sleep. I lifted her up and took her to bed tucking her in as turned on her side. You relish these moments as a father. This is what life is about. I flicked off the light and leaned against the window that looked out to the driveway waiting for Candice to come back. For one she will be drunk as a skunk. And two, in that state. Perhaps best to go to bed and not engage in a serious discussion that will lead to an argument.
***

3am
I'm lying in bed when I hear Candice’s car pull in. I listen to her heels clicking on the floor, then the jingle of the keys hitting the porcelain bowl in the kitchen. I hear the shower turn on, I turn over putting the pillow over my head to drown out the noise.
Minutes later, I sense her body slip into the Bed. She moves behind me arm draped across my body. He starts to kiss the back of my neck. The scent of alcohol makes my nose twitch. I turn around. Her hand reaches down to stroke my flaccid cock. With the way she's been treating me, only to now be in the mood. I felt numb.
I said, “What are you doing?”
“What do you think?”
“It's 3 am. It’s too early, and I’m friggin tired to have sex. Jesus don’t tell me you drove drunk!”
“No. My friend drove.” She pulled on my cock, fingers stroking… “Don’t be so frigid. This hasn't stopped you before.”
“How your night go?”
“Stop trying to change the subject.” She kissed me again trying to evoke a response, “Just another night...” the kisses continue. She pulls at my underwear. “Take your underwear off.” I feel irritated. Hurt. I pull her hand away.
“What the hell is your problem?”
“Five nights this past week when I made advances, you reject me. And now when you're drunk, now you want to do it?”
I sit up and peel away the covers, I stand at the end of the bed. Candice sits up at the end of the bed, arms wrapped around her knees. I walk to the window sill to lean, my arm draped in the moonlight.
“Candice, I just feel you’ve been distant with me over last six months. Tell me what am I doing wrong? Am I drinking too much? What is it? Just be straight up with me.”
Candice sighed and grabbed the pillow. “Nico I'm just not feeling it. In this marriage. I can't explain, but everything about you repulses me. Harsh choice of words yes. So many things, the connection and that I’m not attracted to you.”
The blunt shock of it hit me, “Bullshit. You were tugging on my dick back then.”
“I felt horny because this guy in the club hit on me.”
“What!”
“Every part of being wanted to go home with him and sleep with him, but I couldn't. Somewhere in that mind of mine, I realized I am still a married woman. As much as I want to put my feelings and resentment towards you. It's not. I finally realized that it's me and I couldn't admit that. Nico, you are a good father to our daughter, gosh, India is closer to you than I will ever be. But there's something I want to tell you some secret I've been keeping since India was born.”
“What?”
She sighs, “She's not your daughter.”
“No!” I said, “You are all fucking bullshit!”
“I'm not. And I have a paternity test to prove it.”
“Who is the father then?”
“My ex Jake.”
“What the dickhead who hit you!” I rubbed my jaw, “I don't get it, why are you telling me this? Why now?”
Candice rakes back her hair, Stares…“Because I want a divorce.”
The sting of the words made me fall back to the wall. I clutch the chair then sat. I leaned over elbows on knees, palms covering my eyes. “Can't we talk this over Candice? We can go to counseling. See a priest even! Sort our shit out!”
“No.” She said in a terse tone, “It's a waste of money for something, I'm now definitely sure of. I’ve been thinking about this for some time, and it was definite after talking with mom. I have already spoken with the lawyer. In taking the first steps.”
I swallow upset at how far she's taken things already. “And what is that?”
“I want to sell this house and take half.”
“No way? Since when do you think you are entitled to half? I bought this house even before I met you! I supported the both of us right to the point India turned five. Tell me where do you think in your mind do you think you are entitled to half?”
“It's the law, and my lawyer said I'm entitled to it.”
I smooth the window sill, staring out at the inky sky. No stars are twinkling as if God destroyed the universe. “Everything I worked so hard for to be taken away. I was a fool not getting you to sign a prenuptial. I put my trust in you and believed that this would last. You could have given me a chance.”
She said nothing. Stared at the floor, like I was a piece of shit.
“Well?” 
“Chances are, things always go to the inevitable with me. Unavoidable in the sense that I don’t sit on the fence with my decision. Black or white, never gray. Grey is taking a chance.  Just be glad that I wanted out now, rather than faking it till I’m old. I hope you can appreciate that Nico. I don’t want to be like my mother regretting the chance to be happy rather than to put up and shut up with the situation, just plodding along accepting your lot in life. My mom waited till she was 66 before she had the courage to divorce dad.
I look at the relationship my mom had with my dad. How she lived a lonely life, they were two opposites. Dad was stoic, a man of few words. His way of love was providing working his arse off with two jobs to put a roof over our heads. Grateful as we all may be. Not being there with mom made her distant with dad. 
“C’mon Candice, you know I’m not working like that! I put in the hard yards so I can spend time with you. Our situation is nothing like your parents.”
“I know. But my mom’s point was, Dad never changed from the time they got married till the divorce. I’m looking at my lot in life right now, and I don’t want this.”
“You’re not willing to make this work for our child?”
“Don’t use India as an excuse for a chance. This is between you and me. How we relate.  A child should enrich a marriage not be the reason for it.” She exhales, “It's over Nico.”
I mulled over the words, I bit my lip. Clenched my fist, looking at the wall to punch a god damn hole in.
“I'm gonna contact my lawyer to advise what I can do. I don't think you are entitled to half, sheesh Candice you are gonna put us out on the street.”
“No, I'm going to move back to my mothers.”
“Jesus that's why she was here?” I said, “That's so sneaky doing all this. Why couldn't you be open with me about your feelings in the first place? Why the fuck did you just let things build up? Did you ever think about the welfare of our daughter and how this will affect her? Couldn't you make this work for the sake of her?”
“India is not your daughter, and if you don't agree to the home being done fairly, I'm going to go for full custody.”
“Fuck you, Candice. I don't believe that. I know she's mine.”
“Candice stands and starts to get dressed.” She says, “My lawyer says I'm entitled by every right to this house and India. Gosh, Nico don't be such a prick and make this worse for yourself. I'm giving you a chance to do this in a way that is fair by the law in place.”
I wiped my eyes sensing the gravity of the situation. “So this is it huh?”
“Yes,”
“I'm not letting you take me to the cleaners to have start again. I'll see you in court.”
I watched as Candice took her blanket, she said, “I'm sleeping on the couch.”
***

Chapter 3: The Beginning of the End
10am.

I woke to the sound of the wardrobes being opened, and drawers pulled as Candice threw her clothes on the end of my bed. She went out into the hallway to drag in two suitcases when India bolted in and jumped on my side of the bed. Sheesh, what am I going to tell our little one? India cuddles up next to me, and we watch as Candice stuffs all her shoes.
“Where you going, Mommy?”
“I'm going to nana's house to stay. I'm packing your things too so start getting all the stuff you want to take.”
I jolt, “Excuse me? Over my dead body!”
I stand when Candice waves her finger, “I'm taking her, and that's final.”
“No!” I say.
Candice zips up her bags and takes it out to the hallway. Her brother Adrian is there and takes the cases. He barely makes eye contact he moves downstairs. His stocky frame and muscles over muscles make me think he could carry the house. 
Candice goes, “India c’mon let's go!”
India stays within the sheets “No! I don't want to go to nana's she's mean, and she stinks like cat pee!”
Candice pulls the covers off and drags her by the ankles, India is clutching the sheets when I grab Candice’s hand to let go.
“India!” she screams, “Stop playing around!”
India cries when I tell Candice to let go. She closes her fist got me right in the nose making my eyes water, She hit me again when I tried to protect myself when I pushed her. She went back first into the wardrobe smashing the mirror. Her eyes widened then she touched the back of her head. There was blood on the back of it.
“Ah! Stop it! Stop hitting me! Stop hitting me, Nico!” Candice yelled. She started to grab the lampshade and flung it at me. 
Next minute Adrian bust in the door tackling me, I went back first to the bed then we rolled off the other side of the bed.
Adrian screams, “You fuck!” He lays two big hooks one in my stomach then one on the edge of the face. India is crying screaming at Adrian to stop hitting me. I squeeze my eyes, the hit brings with it a shock. I'm bleeding from the forehead when he lifts me up by the collar. 
WHACK!
He head-butts me, I fall to ground I peer up at India holding me. Screaming at Adrian to go away, he tries to brush her aside to throw another punch. I blank out.
***

Auckland Police Station
Time: unknown

I heard the sound of rolling metal doors opening and closing. My eyes are glued shut. I open them slightly to pick out the sleep in them. I woke up in the cell, lying on an uncomfortable blue plastic mattress. I smell sweat and piss, the air stifling and hot. I gander around at the 4x4 cell painted in white. Scratched graffiti on the walls and blots of toilet paper on the ceiling, next to a flickering fluorescent tube light encased in metal mesh. I see the stainless steel toilet and basin at the top. The tap is dripping making my headache worse, and I stood staggering over to the door. I spot an officer throw another guy in a cell. He peered at his folder and stepped over to me. He pushed the slider over. His pale skin, a large porno star mustache, and rancid breath make me wince.
SHUCK
I see his narrowed eyes, He said, “Nico Joel?”
“Yes.”
The officer turns to the side, then the other then stares back. “The wife beater huh? You piece of pond scum, of all the criminals we get in here, it’s your kind that makes me sick higher than the drug addicts we got in this shithole. Take the crack whore I just threw in there. People think the problem is her addiction, but it’s not. It’s the drug dealers, the peddlers who propagate it. The source. Domestic Violence offenders are the pure form. The source and the cause.”
“Dude, I was setup!”
“They all say that.” He unlocks the cell and opens it. “You’re free to go.”
“What?”
“Collect your stuff from the office. You’ve been done with a trespass order too from your wife.”
I said nothing. Being escorted to processing, I’m given my things, and I walk outside. I see Hemi waiting for outside sitting on the bonnet of his white five series BMW. He slid off it, patting the dust off his backside.
“Sheesh, how long you been waiting?”
“As soon as you got locked up, Candice gave me the call to pick you up. The cop said you would be few hours, so I waited.”
“What she say?”
“Nothing much that you both had an argument.”
“Did she say I hit her?”
“No.” he frowned. “Just said for me to pick you up. C’mon let’s get you home.”

We took the drive back home via the southern motorway. I wound down the window, breathing in healthy air. Deep breaths to purge the lungs. I’m glad I didn’t have to spend any longer in there.
I said, “If Candice didn’t tell you. She’s filing for divorce.”
Hemi said, “I’m sorry to hear that Nico. I was just being a smartass before with your relationship. I didn’t think it was this bad.”
I spear my hair, picking out pieces of crusted blood. I taste it also, I dab my finger in my mouth to see red.  “Don't worry about it mate. It caught me by surprise too. Turns out she's been planning it for a long time. Pisses me off she couldn't be open about from the beginning at least.”
Hemi flicked the indicator, “Women are, but they expect you to read the signs.”
I roll my eyes, “Like what you told before?”
“Uh huh. Both of us learning the hard way. I may as well give you the heads up of what I went through and hand on heart you might not like the advice I give you. But its least it's a perspective.”
I would up the window and pressed the auto button on his air con. “Shoot.”
“Fight tooth nail for what you want. I let Nicole dictate what she wanted from the settlement that I was nearly left with virtually nothing. Know your rights for what you're entitled to even though its hard man with what just happened now. Is she going for full custody?”
I sigh “Yeah, she said she will if she doesn’t get half of the house. I can feel the anxiety of what's gonna happen. Man beats wife loses custody.”
Hemi went silent. Blinking repeatedly. He squints his eyes, lips turn inwards.
I frown, “Hell fricking no! I didn't touch her.”
“I know, she knows that too. Maybe that's why she didn't say anything to me cause I known you a long time.”
He puts up a fist. We fist bump. “A long time. You know I got your back brother.”
I shake my head, “You should have seen it. It was like something out of a football game where some bloke gets bowled over and starts doing a Hollywood.”
Hemi burst out laughing, “Sorry man. I couldn't help it. I'm just imagining it in my mind. Was it an Oscar worthy performance from Candice?”
I point at my black eye and flash him my blood stained teeth. “My awards right here.”
Hemi winces and takes the turn off to my street.

I arrive home to see Candice's car gone. I walk to the front door to realize she didn't lock it. 
I said. “Jesus anyone could have broken in. The door was unlocked.”
Hemi pushes the door and steps inside to the lounge. “Doesn't matter, it appears like you've been robbed already or Candice has cleaned you out!”
I see the polished wood floor and my TV cabinet the only things left. The soft brown leather sofa, the Scandinavian coffee table, the lazy boy chair my most prized possession gone. The telephone lay on the rug. Cord dangling out to the middle next to a pile of books. I watched as Hemi sat on the TV cabinet, shaking his head. She took your 65” TV dude. Man we better head to your bedroom if she took all the clothes she bought you!”
“Doubt it unless she's seeing another bloke. If I think who I guess it is.”
“Who?”
“Forget it.”
Hemi shrugs, “So I take it she paid for all the furniture.”
I walk to the kitchen and open the fridge. At least the bitch left me with food. I pull out two cans of Beer and throw one across the room to Hemi who catches it with one hand. I open the windows, and the bi-fold doors and the wind blew dust and small pieces of paper across the floor. I sit next to Hemi looking out at my barren, desolate place.
“Candice hated all my old furniture I had, I was no interior designer all my old stuff was hand me downs from my parents. The only concession is the rug there. I should have kept my stuff in storage rather than throwing it all in the dump.”
Hemi takes a sip then burps. Striking his chest. “It's one of those things when you start out in a relationship, you think it's forever. You think it will last forever. You have a kid together and you know without a doubt it makes a relationship strong. But it doesn't. I feel your pain brother. All I can say is the bite wears off over time. The biggest difference to me was meeting Mary. Tell you what… If I didn't, I would either topped myself or would have stayed with Nicole as her slave.”
“You regret ever meeting Nicole?”
“Jeez man you can't think like that, you can imagine the scenarios, but I wake up to my son. Milan. The reminder and product of our relationship when times were good. I love my son more than anything.”
I paused thinking, I may lose India. My little smudge button. Feelings came over me, I blinked tears. They fell on the dusty floor. I wiped my eyes sniffling. I see all the library books piled up I have to return soon, reminds me that I might not have her there.
Hemi puts an arm around me, “Jesus Nico! It will be alright. Just push through brother and think of the light at the end of the tunnel.”
I wiped my eyes, “Sorry for crying like a bitch.”
“No worries mate. Trust me I was ten times worse. I had no one to turn to that understood what I hell I was going through. I reckon you should go to your mother in laws tomorrow and sort things out. Just remember man light at the end of the tunnel.”
Light at the end of the tunnel.
***

Candice Mothers Place
The next day
10am

Candice's mother Carol lived in a four bedroom two storey villa in the suburb of Epsom. Carol had divorced with her husband Jack two months before we got married. So when I met them both, it was an awkward time. See the theme that running? There's is one thing in life that I learned, and that is no matter what you do or what you own people are just not going to like you. And it was the case with Carol. I pulled up on the cobbled stone driveway making me think back to the nerves I had when I had to first introduce myself to her.
I looked to the side on the lawn to India with Adrian playing on the slide. I called out, and India bolted out to me catching Adrian off guard. Adrian went inside to call Candice. I heard his voice boom through the whole house
I held India. “I missed you, sweetheart.”
“I missed you too, daddy! Can we go home now?”
“Yeah let's go.”
I lifted her up when her Candice came out with her mother.
“Don't you dare take her!” Candice said.
“She's my daughter.”
She shook her head and handed me two pieces of paper.
“The hell is this?”
“The first is a restraining order and a court date.” She said, “The second is the paternity test.”
I held the pieces of paper glancing at them before tossing them aside. The wind blew, and the two pieces of paper drifted separately in different directions causing Adrian and her mother to chase them all the way to the road. Candice took out her phone.
She said, “Part of that restraining order is that you are to keep away from both India and I.”
“I don't give a hoot what a piece of paper says I'm taking my daughter.”
“Damn it! Nico! Don't make me call the cops. This is will only make it worse for you!”
I walked to the car when Adrian stood in front me. He shoved the piece of paper into my chest. “Don't make things worse than they already are. If she rings, you are going straight to the police station.” He hissed.
I took the paper and read the details. Shit, Candice is right. In my mind, I could run off with India but with Adrian the overgrown juggernaut here, that's not going to happen. I grinded my jaw, nodding.
I said, “Can you give me a moment.”
Adrian nodded and walked back.
India was weeping. “What's happening, Daddy? Mommy saying you are not allowed to come over anymore?”
“Hun, I have to go. You stay here and be good,” I took out the paper and looked at the court date two weeks from now. “I promise to come back for you.”
“She nods, “I love you, Daddy.”
“I love you too Hun. I whisper in her ear. “You remember our phone number?”
“Yeah.”
“Keep it a secret, Call me ok when mommy's sleeping. Go to mom now.”
I stood and walked past Adrian. He said, “Sorry Nico about the punches. I thought you were... you know, hitting my sister.”
“Forget about it. You punch like a bitch anyway.”
I hop in the car and head home.
***

The drive home was a long and tedious one. I'm stuck at the Intersection with traffic backed up to wazoo, and the dreaded window washers are squirting soapy water and wiping windows of the frustrated motorists. I see them hustling and bustling as they make their way up the line of cars to mine. I reach to engage my window wipers to shoo them away when the young kid thanks the guy in front of me graciously, for his twenty dollar note. Kindness… I peer to my center console to the mass amount of coins as the kid washes my windows. He's young probably around 18 dressed in shorts and a hi-vis vest. I hand him what I have and he thanks me so grateful. People gotta do what they gotta do to survive. 
I arrive home noticing the lawns are growing and the playhouse and swing attached to the branch of the oak tree. I hop out and walk to the swing. Carefully reading the paper again with the paternity test. And you guessed it I'm counting back when Candice slept with Jake. Jesus, she was engaged when she did it!
So many questions and scenarios went through my mind why. Was Candice's final fling the last minute bonk for old times’ sake? Why? I tried to rationalize her behavior when what she did was just plain wrong, and now she is using this piece of paper against me. I peered down at the acorns on the ground then peered into the lounge to the barren gleaming surface of the polished floor when Hemi pulls up in front of me. Revving his engine to announce his presence. 
He winds down his window,” Nico. Don’t be so depressed! And don’t be tying that rope around your neck now will ya?”
I shake my head, “The thought crossed my mind.”
“C’mon man don’t be so cynical. Positive attitude wins at the end of the day.”
Yeah right, Hemi opens his door and gets out taking off his blue suit jacket and opens the passenger door to throw it in. He picks up a rugby ball and passes it up in the air. He jumps up to catch it midair.
I chuckled, “You still got it. Remember in school how you made national rep teams and stuff?”
“Back in school, my math’s teacher Mr. Murdock use to harp on about education being the key to success and how that sport and making a future in it was for the top 5%. My only regret in life well… maybe Nicole too, is not taking my rugby further. I remember how Murdock couldn’t be bothered with those who didn’t want to do their homework and we were segregated in the other room to do whatever. Calling us losers.”
“Yep, I only went in that room once before I made a choice to be successful in life.”
Hemi rolls his eyes, “Oddly enough it had all the rugby players that went and got lucrative contracts to play in England and France. I filthy with my teacher every time those boys appear on TV. It could have been me.”
I stand and hand Hemi the papers, giving him the paternity test one on top. I said, “It could have been me...”
Hands on hips, I pick up the rugby ball and boot it out of my property.
“Fuck!” I scream. I squint as the ball goes sky high heading into the Norfolk pines. The ball shakes a whole lot of pine needles and birds fly out. I turn to Hemi whose brow is furrowed.
Hemi scratches his temple, “So India is not yours?”
I nod, “So the paper says...”
“It could be fake?”
“No. It has all the legit letterheads.”
“Wow! Man, so she kept this secret all till she wanted out. Kept it like an ace up the sleeve.  In the case of emergency, break glass scenario.”
“So it seems.”
“I'm sorry Nico.”
“Even if India is not my own. I love her none the less, I was there when she was in the womb till when she came out. I raised her like she is my own. Regardless of what a piece of paper says, I've been the real father, and I'm not going to give her up. There must be something I can do attain full or even part custody.”
“Talk to your lawyer yet?” Hemi asked.
“No. I will though. I have a court appearance in two weeks.”
“Shit mate you better have a competent one. I used a guy named Matthew Lincoln with Nicole, pretty sharp at his job. Though with the predicament you're in your gonna have to pull one out of your ass to win.”
“Thanks for the vote of confidence.”
“I'm just being real. But...” Hemi said holding his fingers crossed. “Let's hope for the best. Remember light at the end of the tunnel.”
“Yeah. Yeah. Get ya ass and your positive attitude home will ya!”
Hemi walks back to the car and starts it up. “Remember light at the end of the tunnel.”
***

Chapter 4: Knee deep in the shores of darkness
Auckland Family Court
10am

Dressed in white shirt and black pants and matching Tie. I sat in a room with judge Matthewson, Candice and her mother and their lawyer. I felt like I was at a funeral with the way things were going. Hemi was also there but waited outside in the lobby. I asked him to wait there, but he was hell bent on attending. My palms were sweaty as the judge went through the proceedings. Matthew Lincoln, my lawyer, challenged their submission to divide the property based on my view that Candice hadn't contributed financially to the home and that we had been living on a single income.
Candice's Lawyer presented their case of my instability as me as a father. With the police report, and even Facebook posts showing me as an alcoholic aggressive father. Fuckers even showed my Saturday Arvo Facebook post! It was tough when your case is slanted in a negative spin, and I try to keep my calm while they destroyed my character and integrity, I couldn't even bear to glance at Candice. The court adjourned for them to make a decision. I went down to the lobby to Hemi adjusting his cufflinks.
“What's the verdict?” he said as he's snacking on cashews from the vending machine.
“Find out in one hour.”
Matthew Lincoln came down, and Hemi stood. Shaking his hand. 
Matthew said, “I'm confident that house will stay as is. With the home under your name before you married and the period of ownership and you servicing the mortgage. Though the second part of the equation is tricky in regards to the custody of your child. If she gets part custody, she can ask for an amount to finance her into a home, but Candice is not seeking that if she doesn’t get a part of the house.
This is the odd thing though you are not the paternal father, so you are not entitled to pay a cent. But if you get full custody, like we are aiming for, if Jake makes a play then I’m afraid it may be tough. Up to the judge now.”
“Thanks, Matt you did the best you could do,” I said.
***
1 hour later.

I sat in the room to hear the judge's decision. There was good news. Candice wasn't entitled to a cent of the house. But in regards to custody... Fark. She got her.
Candice got full custody.
The court adjourned, and we both walked to outside.
I said, “It didn't have to be this way.”
Candice said nothing.
Her mother said, “We came here for what was hers.”
“You should have minded your own business and kept out. Are you happy now you ruined our marriage by your meddling?”
Carol walked off, trying to pull Candice with her she stopped.
“Now that was uncalled for.”
“Candice, I'm happy to pay rent for your own home if you allow me visitation rights.”
“No. I can't do that.”
“Why.”
“Cause I told her real father that he has a daughter and now he wants to be part of her life.”
I grinded my jaw, “So you came here to fuck me on my house money.”
“I only wanted what was fair.”
“Well look what happened huh? The truth won in the end.”
She said nothing. I squeezed my eyes, shaking my head.
“Please, Can I visit India at least?” I begged.
“Get it through your thick skull I won't do that. The protection order still stands.”
“Not even to say goodbye? Jesus Candice, you put me through this lie believing that India was mine. I can't unlove this kid because she is not mine. You did me wrong on this!”
Her mother bowed her head and nudged Candice, “At least let me say goodbye.”
Candice said, “I will call you in a couple weeks for you to come over when this all settles. Don't come over before then or I will call the cops.”
“You have my number.”
***

1 week later
Home.

Hemi arrived with a transit van and helped me move in the new furniture I bought. We shifted in a new black leather sofa and a new bigger 70” inch TV. We finished, and Hemi wiped sweat from his brow. “An honest day's pay for an honest day's work? He smirks.
I open the fridge showing him steak and beers. “Payment enough?
“Hell yeah.” He said, “Get that apron by the oven and start cooking our bbq sweetie.”
I laugh, “Fuck you.”
Hemi and I sat on the deck chairs looking into the lounge. I opened up the bi-fold door’s admiring our skills as interior decorators. Everything that was taken now replaced. But sad emotions are things that take time, if only they could be replaced as easy as this furniture.
Hemi said, “Wow! So much better now, more like a bachelor pad. Just need a pool table and a spa and were set.”
I laugh, “I am a bachelor dickhead.”
“I'm sure you'll find someone mate. I wasn't ready when I met Mary, but that's another story for another day.”
“Yeah, I don't feel like listening to your problems, sounds like you got a novel in waiting.”
“A best seller. That's for damn sure. Thinking of calling my book Confluence. Shit, they might make a movie, and I get royalties. I’ll be set.”
I laughed, “Such a dreamer mate, I do admit what you been through is compelling. Which Hollywood star would you cast to play you?”
“The one who looks like me of course.”
“Who?” I frowned. “Jabba the Hutt?”
“Ha-ha hilarious.” 
We both laughed when the moment went quiet being with friends distract you for only a time when looming things come back to bite you. “I miss India, so much, man. I miss not have her running around the place. I took down the swing and dismantled the playhouse because it reminds me of her. It feels like she's died you know.”
Hemi pats my shoulder, “I understand how you feel man. You did say Candice will call you to say your goodbyes?”
“Yeah.”
“I can't believe she'd be callous like that after all you've been through.”
“Sometimes I regret not fighting for the house letting her take half so I can see her.”
“Na man don’t say that, I think in a way it helps you move on. That would be a big deal breaker if Milan weren't mine. It will be hard because I was attached but that lingering thing over my head would mess with me that he’s not my biological son and that she cheated.”
“I wish I could cut my emotions off like that, but I’m not built like that. I wonder what bad I've done to deserve it. If I'm being punished for the sins that I did in the past.”
“That's all shit mate. Karma doesn't exist. It was invented by man so they wouldn’t fuck with each other. It's just bad luck, that's all. That's my view. In life, you get dished both.”
“Is that why you do Lotto?”
Hemi burst out laughing almost choking on his beer. He nodded, “Sadly I do. Though I haven't won the million dollar prize yet, I'm glad I'm getting good fortune and abundance in other ways.”
“Mary.”
He nodded. “And Milan.”
I exhale, “One more week before I see India.”
***

One week later.

Candice called to tell me that she had moved back with her ex Jake. If that didn't piss me off, it was the fact he was the real domestic abuser. I remember that prick Jake Masque dropping her things to my house when they split. Candice was so into him after she left from the stories and hurt Candice shared with me about him. It never registered in that mind of hers that I was there for her when she was in that transition, but sheesh that’s life. 
I arrived at 10 am to his house. It was a two storey townhouse that had a for sale sign. The lawns were mowed, and the white picket fence had a line of red rosebushes. Jack and Candice come out with India. India bolted towards me, I lifted her up and hugged her.
“Oh, I missed you so much, baby!”
India wept as I held her. Sobbing in my arms. The vibration of her cries went straight to my shattered heart. “Is that true daddy? That Jake is my daddy?”
“No.” I kiss her forehead. “I will always be your daddy.”
“Mommy said, I have to say goodbye.” She sniffled, “That you’re not allowed to come over!”
I said nothing only to weep when Candice and Jake walked up.
Jake said, “Nico it was a surprise when Candice told me. I was stunned. Shocked. But when she told me… It brought back feelings, with Candice. Now we have a chance to start over as a family.”
I said nothing. Feeling so angry, sad and hurt. Jake walked closer. “Nico, thank you for looking after India. But you must understand she is my flesh and blood. I'm happy if you want to be part of India's life, I can understand from your perspective how devastated you are.”
I turned to Candice whose ears pricked up. “No, the protection order stands. India is young she will warm to Jake in months to come. After a few years, she will forget you, Nico.”  Candice turns to Jake, “Can I have a moment with Nico.”
Jake spits to the ground then walks back into the house. Seeing him after so many years, his features softened. He looked back then shook his head.
“India go inside with Daddy for now. I'll call you to come out.”
She clutches me close. “No! And Jake is not my daddy!”
I say, “Say what you need to say, let our daughter see you for the liar you are.”
“Fine. It makes no difference. Nico! You greedy son of a bitch we wouldn’t be here if you just agreed to split the property evenly. You don't take account, yes I stayed home. But I looked after India. I cooked and cleaned that fucking house, so all you ever had to do was to plonk your ass down and not worry about things at home.” She said. “And the nerve of you to pay my rent? Yeah you cheap ass, just want to pay me a piecemeal on a house that is worth over 3.5 million.”
I folded my arms, “Well, the court didn't view it that way.”
“No, they didn't. I’m going to give you ten minutes with India to say your goodbyes. If I ever see you approach her or talk to her, I'm going call the police.”
Candice walks back to the house and watches us from afar. I put India down on the bonnet, and we sat together.
“I want to live with you, Daddy!”
I paused looking at my boots. I went into my jacket and pulled out an envelope and slid it behind India’s back.
“What is it?”
“Can you keep a secret? Promise me when you read this letter there are things in it that you won't understand. But when you grow up to be a beautiful young woman you will understand. Read this letter every birthday you have. Things will come out like those pop-up books you like.” India tries to reach for it, “Don't touch it wait till you are in your room. Keep it in a safe place. It has my phone number too.”
“Ok daddy.”
I hugged and kissed India again. “Baby just know that Daddy tried to get you back. But there are things that don't make sense to you now. But I will always love you okay?”
I wiped the stream of tears from her eyes.
“Can you still take me to the library?” India asked.
“I... I can't. India. The police will take me away if I see you again.” I breathe out. I look at Candice and Jake making their way back. I hold India once more, squeezing my eyes, blinking tears. “Be good at school and listen to your mommy ok?”
Then I felt the tug as Candice pulled at India's arm, I stood as she clutched my leg. A second dash hope of being with me.
“You'll be alright India.”
“No! “She cried, “I want to go with you, Daddy!”

I stepped back as Jake wrenched her off me. India’s screams were something that made me feel helpless. Sad. I staggered back to my car and started it. India broke loose and ran for the passenger door. It was locked. She tugged on the door handle screaming for me to open it. I cried as my finger hovered over the button to unlock it. I wanted to pull her in and just run away. Stuff the court! Jake scooped her up, and Candice tapped on the window shouting to me to fuck off. I started to drive off, India broke from Jakes grasp she ran after me before running out of breath. Never in my life would feel such sadness watching my daughter crawl hand out calling for me. I never let her down when she was born, and now… 
I'm sorry baby. I’m so sorry.
***

My letter to India Joel


Dear Baby, 

I am so sad that things had to be this way. Please understand Daddy tried to do all he could to stop them from taking you away. I’m going to miss you, but I won't be far away. Know that your Dad loves you so much and hopefully one day we will be back together at the library reading your favorite books like before. 
Please be good and listen to your mom. I have written down my phone number if you want to talk. But take the phone and do it when no one is there.
Please don’t be angry or feel I’ve abandoned you, one day the truth of what happened will come to a time when you are old enough to understand that daddy did nothing wrong.

Love you always, forever and forever. 

Dad.

p.s This is my number 021 026 02465

***

Chapter 5: Light at the end of the Tunnel

Two weeks later, I found out that Candice and Jake sold up and moved. I had no knowledge where she went, and I knew her mother wouldn't tell me either. I drove by India's school to see that she still attended. I would park across the road and watch as she finished school to walk out the gates where Jack would meet her. She would look down holding her books as Jake cuffed her by the back of the neck with his palm, like an animal to the car. I did this every day when India began to warm to Jack, she started to smile and then talk with Jack. After a week, India greeted Jack with hugs and kisses.
It pained me to see this, and I guess Candice was right. Kids soon forget. I stopped going after that and I spent the next week on holiday drinking every day on the deck looking at the bin, full to the brim with bottles. I walked over to mailbox to a letter from the library with the accumulated fines to pay.
I turned and went inside to the books on the shelf. I grabbed them and went for a walk to the library. I took the crossing and down the hill then a left to the carpark. The time was 5 pm, and it was starting to become dark. I felt the cold breeze and the dried leaves scuttling across the carpark when I spotted the black van. Damn Kerryn still hasn't found a house!
I walked to the van and checked it empty. I pressed on to the library and returned the books when I saw Kerryn with a cup of hot chips nibbling away. Her brunette hair is tied back her cheeks a bit sunken, she looked a bit gaunt. Kinda like the weight of those runway models. She wore black leggings with red flats. She picked off the pine needles that fell on her white tunic top. For someone that is homeless, she didn't show it. I walked towards her, and she spotted me she put down her cup of chips. Took a serviette and wiped her hands. She smiled, her dimples coming through. Her brown eyes looked opaque from the last of the sun shining on her face.
“Nico! It's great to see you.”
“Hey,” I peer down to the pram to her son sleeping. “How have you been? Damn your boy is growing. How old is he now?”
“8 Months.”
“I noticed you still in the van what happened to the state housing?”
She went red, “God it's a long story.”
“Do you want to join me for dinner at the RSA across the road? It's buffet night, my shout.”
“I've already eaten. Thanks.”
I flicked my eyes down to a half-eaten cup of chips that I know only cost Kerryn three dollars. The way she was looking she needed a good meal.
I said, “C'mon let me treat you. I'm interested in your story.” I could tell in her eye she wanted to say yes. But being her being modest and hesitant. I took charge and lifting her college bag and stood by the pram. “We’re going. No questions.”
“Alright!” She said. “Can I quickly go to the bathroom and freshen up? Only be five minutes.”
“Ok, I'll wait here.”
“The bottle is in the bag, and it's still warm if he wakes up.”
“Done.”
I wait while she pops in the library to use the bathroom, I see Zach sleeping when he begins to wake. It reminded me of India when she was his age, memories flood in my mind. When I see the little boy looking around for his mom. He starts to cry. I take him out of the pram and hold him, and he continues to cry. I know at this age as a stranger, the kid is not used to me. He squirms in my arms crying when I see his toy tucked under the blanket which is a small brown teddy bear. I pick it up and hand to him. He ceases to cry and starts putting its nose in his mouth.
He studies me, all at the same time biting the head of the toy. I see Kerryn approach, and she is dressed to the nines, no tens! Completely changing her clothes wearing a red dress that matches her flats. She has makeup on. Lips glossed foundation and mascara applied. She looks absolutely gorgeous. Even Zach dropped his toy and reached out!
I said, “Freshen up?”
“I can't look like I'm homeless.”
“You looked beautiful as you were.”
She took her baby in her arms kissing him before putting him in the pram. Once we got moving, he quieted down as we took a stroll down the mall to enter the Restaurant. I felt something... a sense of nostalgia doing this. 
Kerryn said, “Where's India?”
I sighed, “That's a long story too.”
“I'm looking forward to trading stories.”

I open the door, and we enter into the RSA restaurant. The carpet was the patterned orange brown and yellow that had that 70's feel. The walls were painted in an off color orange. The ceiling had remnants of its 1920’s décor with white paneled ceilings and hardwood beams. The place was set up as a bar for all the returned servicemen we waited in the lobby looking at all the photos of all the old war vets. I paid for our meals which were $30 all you can eat. We sat at the table.
I said, “You go up first while I look after Zach.”
Kerryn lines up dishing her food. I look around as the tables are bustling with the old veterans sharing a beer. There aren't many people though, and the ravages of time picked off each soldier as the years passed. For a place perhaps in the past would have been a pub instead of the restaurant now to keep its rent ticking over. Kerryn came back with an overloaded plate, I smiled.
“Thought you weren’t hungry?”
“Gosh, I know I’m a pig, but I haven’t had a variety of these meals in a long time.”
“What have you been surviving on? If I may ask?”
“Well from Sunday to Thursday I have beans and ramen noodles. I treat myself with hot chips on a Friday.” She turns to her kid, to feed her son.
“I'll grab my plate,” I said, standing to make my way.
As I fill my plate in the corner of my eye, Kerryn places some food in a serviette stashing it in her bag. The line is busy, and I go for the roast lamb and gravy with the mashed potatoes. I skip on the green peas. I come back to that Kerryn had spread her food out. She is eating quickly.
“Gosh sorry if I'm pigging out. Thank you so much! For this.”
“No worries,” I say, cutting into the lamb. “So what happened? I can't believe you are still living in the van?”
She puts her knife and fork down, reaching for the glass of ice cold coke. “It’s one thing to apply for a statehouse, it’s another thing to be on the waiting list. Apparently, I'm told there are 100 families in the Auckland area waiting to get into a home.”
“I don't get it I thought they would put you in a motel for the time being?”
“I kinda, made a deal with the motel owner to give me the money so he can rent the room to somebody else.”
“What? It's not safe to raise your kid like this?”
“Look I have debts that I need to pay before I get my house.”
I said nothing.
“Please don't judge me. I'm only doing what I think to better ourselves.”
“I know, it just pains me to see you and your kid living in the van.”
“It's no different around the world some people are living in far worse circumstances. In the islands, some people still live huts!”
“True but this is a first world country.”
“Enough about me, you said you had a story to share too.”
I shrugged.
“C'mon Nico, I basically spilled my guts telling you the gist of my complicated life!”
I lifted the glass of sprite and sipped. I looked at the kid to see him sleeping again.
“I recently got divorced from my wife. India is living with her Mother.”
“Oh, I'm sorry.” 
“Yeah but that wasn't the tip of it. I found out also that I'm not the biological father of India.”
“What?” her eyes widened, “How long have you been married?”
“Six years.”
“And India would be five or six years old?”
“Five.”
“Oh god, so she...”
“Yeah do the math.”
Kerryn repeatedly blinked before sitting back in her chair. She paused for a long moment then reached out to pull the blanket up on the baby. “How you coping?” 
“Good.”
“No really...” she said stretching her hand out to mine.
“I'm a fucking mess. I can't stop thinking about India. Even though she is not mine, I raised her thinking she is. You can't let go of those things. I've never experienced so many things at once. Hurt. Anger. Frustration. Missing the ones you love. I was the happiest man when you saw me in the library... now... now I'm a shattered man with no hope.”
“Don't say that Nico!” she said, “I know how your feeling. To have your world, you know change in an instant. When I was pregnant, I had envisioned my partner and me raising our son together in a home. Happy. Now I'm alone living in van living, day by day.” She clutches my hand tight. “But no matter how down the situation is, I keep in my mind a better future.” She flicks her eyes to her baby. “Zach is what gives me hope.”
“I wish I had that Kerryn. I can't even see India because of a fricking protection order. I'll go to jail if I come in contact with her.”
“Oh, I'm sorry.”
I breathe in. “I'm glad I talked to you. Feels better coming forward with my feelings. I couldn't do that with my mate.”
“No worries. Just take small steps to improving your future.”
Zach starts to wake, and Kerryn places her knife and fork together in the middle of the plate. 
I said, “C'mon I'll walk you back to your van.”
***

Its night, the street lamps glow with the orange tinge to it. Insects are drawn buzzing aimlessly around the light source. The air is cool with a slight breeze. A few cars pass us. We walk past the church walking through the brick path that had gravestones each side from the time church was constructed in the 1900’s. They are all worn from the elements cracked and moldy. The wrought iron fencing around the gravestones all rusted and black. The epitaphs you could barely make out a name obscured by large cracks.
I said, “from the cradle to the grave.”
Kerryn taps the handle of the pram. “Funny huh? And me and you are in the middle.”
We continue down to the carpark. It’s gloomy with the thick trees, leaves are falling. I see Kerryn’s Van when I spot two youths dressed all in blue breaking in.
“Stay here!”
I run when I see one of them, half of his body rummaging inside. I pull him back by the shirt and lay one right hook on the side of the jaw. He falls to the ground when his partner in crime panics and runs off with a bag. I lift the guy and throw him against the side of the van when he knees me in the balls. The pain is so excruciating I let my grip go, and he bolts like a stray cat. I'm on the ground feeling the deep excruciating ache when Kerryn comes.
“I'm okay!” I say, “Argh! Son of a bitch got me in the balls.”
I sit up back leaned against the van. Legs spread.
“Should I take you to the hospital, Nico?”
“No!” I say. “I'm fine. I won't be having children anytime soon.”
Kerryn turns to the inside of her van. I see the mattress ripped apart. I heard her go through the van. Pots and pans flung out. Then lots more. I heard her, “No! No! No!”
She came out with her hands on her head. Eyes tear lashed.
“What happened?”
“They took my money. All my savings.”
I took out my phone and called the police, she swiped my phone. “No! No cops.”
Puzzled she sat next to me.
“I can't call the cops.”
“Why?”
“I just can't.” She said, “Look Thank you for the meal, Nico, I'll drive to a safer spot. I’ll see you around.”
Kerryn picks up the pans and puts it back in the van.
“It's too dangerous to be staying here. God knows what would have happened if you were here. Come stay with me. I have a spare room, you and Zach can stay in.”
“No, I can't do that.”
“Don't be stubborn. You need this. It's not safe for you and your baby.”
I paused as Kerryn raked back her hair.
She said, “I will park my van then, but I'm not staying in the house.”
“Why not?”
“I... I.”
“C'mon don't be stupid. It's comfortable and warm with a fireplace, damn Kerryn we are heading into winter soon.”
“It's the start of autumn.”
“I know, just let me help you okay?”
She wrestled with what I wanted to do. When she finally gave in. She stood reaching her hand out for me to stand. I leaned against the Van as she walked over to bring the pram here. I started to help put all the stuff that was thrown out back in.
She said, “It will only be till I get my house which should be soon. I hate to impose on you.”
I closed the van and took the baby in my arms when Kerryn folded up the pram to put in the back.
“Where do you live?” she asked. 
“Just up the road, less than five minutes.”
“Okay jump in then.”
***

We drove for a short distance, past the line of Norfolk pine trees to Arthur Street and in that time I wondered why she didn't want me to call the cops. For god's sake, she got robbed! More and more I become intrigued by her, but in the meantime, I'm happy she is safe. I point to the driveway, and she drives in. The security lights turn on. The solar fairy lights on the fence have lit up flashing in a one-two pattern. 
Kerryn pauses exhaling. “Thanks.”
I say, “C'mon Kerryn don't stay in the van. At least come and check out the place, you can use the bathroom and shower.”
“Okay.” She said in a defeated voice. I look at Zach, and he is asleep. “I have a cot in the garage that I can put in the spare room.”
“That's okay Zach can sleep with me.”
“You sure?”
“Yeah, I'm used to him being by my side.”
We get out, and she takes her baby in her arms. I reach for the keys opening the front door, I unarm the alarm then switch on the hallway light. The gleam from the polished hardwood floor makes her eyes widen.
I say, “Welcome to my humble aboard as they say.”
She said nothing only to exhale and smile as she stepped into the hallway. I put her bag on the ground and directed her to the lounge. She put Zach on the sofa wrapping the blanket around him.
I said, “You want a drink? I’m having a beer.”
“I don't drink. But a coffee will do.”
“Ok.”
I put the kettle on and observed her as took out her things. She laid a towel then some change of clothes.
“Could you show me the bathroom?” she asked holding her bag.
“Ok.”
We took the tour of the house where I showed her the bedroom she would be sleeping in, it was India's room. The colorful wallpaper and her bed. Her toys still stacked up. It pained me to look at all this making me think back to her being here.
I said, “I hope this is ok the bed is a double. I can bring extra sheets if you want?”
“No thanks.” Kerryn laid her clothes on the bed spacing them out. She picked up one of the dolls squeezing it. “I can't imagine what you would be feeling now if I lost my Zach I would be devastated.”
I walked over to the window sill to let down the blinds. I picked up a pile of books I use to read to India when she first got the grasp to read. “I have to move on or try to. C'mon I'll show you the bathroom.”
We went past my room when I pointed it out. Before I continued on, Kerryn peered in staring at my unmade bed. She walked in and pulled the covers up tucking it in then propping up the pillow.
She said, “You don't move at all do you at night? The other side is basically untouched.”
“I grew up sharing my bed with my brother when I was little. I learned to sleep on my back, arms crossed like a vampire. Years sleeping like that kinda molded my permanent sleeping pattern. Oddly I found it uncomfortable to snuggle up against my wife. Could never sleep spooning with someone. How about you?”
“I'm a light sleeper ever since I had my son. Sleeping in the van does keep you on edge.”
“Bathroom is this way.”
I open the door to show her my art décor designed bathroom. White tiled floor, bath and black taps and shower heads. I opened up the drawers to Candice's perfumes, potions, and crèmes still there.
“You may as well use them. I won't be sending them back to Candice.”
“Do you mind if I run a bath?”
“Sure. Bubble bath and Epsom salts in the cupboard.”
“Thanks, this will be a pleasant change from the shower facilities at the local pools.”
“Ok leave you to it.”

I went back to the lounge to the baby still sleeping, I go into the kitchen and switch on the kettle. When I peer through the windows to see Hemi's BMW pull up. I look at the clock and its 10 pm. I walk outside and meet him in the driveway.
“Hey Hemi.”
Hemi undoes his tie and sits on the bonnet he's peering into the house than his eyes flick to the van. “You got visitors?”
“Yeah got someone staying over?” He slides off the bonnet looking at the van. He stands in front checking the rego and warrant. Murmuring the rego number silently. “Are you a cop or something?”
“No. I've seen this van before...”
“Where?”
“At the supermarket when I bought beers for the bbq. I spotted some girl living in it. Like she was a tourist or something.”
“She's no tourist.”
“She's a foreigner. Overly tan, brown hair she had a nice ass too. Like those chicks that do O.E's. Backpackers.”
I turned my head to peek inside, then turned back to Hemi. “Well, you're wrong. Kerryn does have an accent though. Dude, what do you want?”
“Whoa, man back off with the hostility. I drove past and recognized the van. I was curious.”
“Well to answer your question, it is the girl with the nice ass.”
His eyes widened, he bolted to window to look in. Palms on the windows. “What the heck!”
“C'mon man!” I say, “Back off will ya?”
“Hey, whose baby is that?”
“It's hers.”
“Aw man! Don't tell me you picking up baby mommas off the street now. Dude when I said Mary made a difference I didn’t say to grab any girl you see off the side of the road. Jeez man, that’s desperate.”
Hemi steps back and walks back to his car. He pulls out a cigarette and lights it taking in a deep pull. Shaking his head
“Kerryn is not some random I found on the side of the street.”
“You feeling this girl right?” he says exhaling.
I raise my palm cutting through his puff of smoke. “Kerryn needed a place to stay.”
“Uh huh.” He blows up in the air doing hoops and shapes. “All I can say being on the opposite side women with children come with a lot of baggage. My advice is-”
“Dude. Stop it with the predictions and perspective bullshit. It's only till she gets on her feet and acquires her statehouse which might be in the next week or so. That's all.” Hemi flicks his cigarette over the fence stray embers fall off like it was a firework. “Ok. How you been anyway with Candice?”
“I'm doing the best I can. Anyways what are you doing driving around at this time of night? Shouldn't you be with Mary?”
Hemi exhales taking out another cigarette before flicking his eyes inside. I see Kerryn in the kitchen, pouring water from the kettle into the cups. Hemi puts the cigarette back in the pack and then in his jacket pocket. “Needed to clear my head besides that's a story for another time. I'll leave you two alone. Have you seen that movie Species?”
“No why?”
“Nothing inside joke. Look I'll give you a call for a beer.” He winks then gets into his car and drives off. The things he said stayed in my mind. Tourist and the kids talking to her... 

I come back in to see Kerryn, stirring the cups. I join her.
“I take it that the one with three sugars is yours?” she smiles.
“Yeah, I should wean myself off it or lower it, but it's so bland without it.”
“I don't take sugar in mine.”
“No alcohol or sugar? Damn you deprive yourself of such great pleasures in life.”
She takes a sip of coffee and points to Zach. “Not all...”
I smile with the sense of familiarity.
Things were adding up in my head that pushed me to ask those questions about her but even with the coffee the tiredness set in and tomorrow is another day.
***

I woke up to the scent of something cooking, toast and bacon. I clucked my tongue turning over to the bedroom door. I always left it open by habit as India always got scared of the dark and cried sometimes. Other times she would creep into our bed and cuddle up between us. I sat up checking my phone. The time is 8 am. Sunday. I notice a message and two missed calls from Hemi at 7 am. It read.
Hemi: Dude we need to talk about the tourist. I ran her plates!
I frowned when I guess he was talking in code probably thinking I slept with Kerryn. But no the opposite side of my bed is still flat with no ripples. I heard a noise, like something scuttling in the hallway. I get out of bed and peer down to the baby crawling.
I lift Zach when Kerryn pops out.
“Good morning.”
“Morning. 
“Sorry, Zach is getting quicker with his crawling. He’s gonna be a fast runner like his daddy one day. And not in the bad sense.”
I smile. Kissing Zach on the forehead.
I hope you don't mind, but I made breakfast.”
“Awesome.”
I walk into the dining room to see bacon and eggs on toast with my coffee steaming. I look at the kid who isn't crying now only studying my face. He smiles, infecting me with one. A flood of responses come through harping to my days where India was his age. I screwed up my face when he laughed. Kerryn took him away.
She says, “Eat before your food goes cold.”
“Yes, ma'am.”
She said, “Did you sleep well?”
“Yeah. Out like a light.”
“How's ya balls?”
I laughed, “There good too.” I said cutting into the bacon, “You sleep well?”
“No, not really it's kinda hard adjusting to a new bed. I'm used to my foam mattress. Besides Zach kept wriggling around last night.”
“The offer of the cot is there.”
“Yeah. I think it will be a good idea now.”
“I have to pop around to friend's house to pick up a few things. I'll take the cot out of the garage when I get back.”
“We can wait for you in the van if you want?”
“Don't be silly. I trust you.”
“You barely know me.”
“I’ll take that chance.” I smile.
“Okay, I'm happy to do some of the chores that need doing.”
“The place is clean.” She said nothing, just to raise a brow. I knew the house messy when Candice was here it spick and span. “Maybe not...”
***

Hemi's house
12pm.

I arrived at Hemi's place in the suburb of Pakuranga. He lived in a 2 bedroom townhouse down a long driveway, and his house backed on to the Tamaki River. Lucky bastard had his own mini-wharf and his father's boat which he inherited from his death. A 10-foot boat he called The penetrator. I saw his White BMW parked up in the driveway Hemi was dressed in Jandal's, cargo shorts and a plain white shirt. He was meticulously going around his car buffing off the polish. 
I said, “If only you that kind of attention to Nicole you would never be divorced!”
“Meh, I tell you what if I could marry my car. I would.”
I raise a brow. “Kinda creepy.” I say, “Where's Mary?”
“She's spending time alone.”
“You've broken up?”
“Ha, you're quick to jump to conclusions. No. No. Nicole wanted her own space. Can't blame her, with me having Milan. She kinda feels second place.”
“Dude you need to stop polishing your car and get over there give her some attention. Take her out on your boat or something.” I say, “Buy her something you cheap ass. I can't believe you just bought her flowers for her birthday last week on what you’re earning now. She must have been pissed off.”
“Dude I was broke from the Earrings. We had sex after so the gift of flowers can't be that bad?”
“Trust me. You don't stuff things up more by buying just flowers. For goodness sake, you didn't purchase a card! What kind of idiot does that? Could have at least wrote how much she means to you.”
He grins, “We had sex.” He squeezes his eyes, licks his lips. “Good sex too.”
“Umm... and she is where now...”
“OK! Jeez. It feels rocky. I don't know. I just hate that she having second thoughts about our relationship. I don't want to press her, I thought her having time alone might make her miss me.”
Hemi takes out the tire spray and sprays his tires. I pinch my nose, from the acrid smell when he peers up at me.
“Keen to help?”
“No thanks. What's with the Rego? The reason why I came over. The text you sent this morning.”
“Oh. Shit! I totally forgot. So get this. So last night after I leave your house. I decided to check the Vans registration online. It turns out that the van is stolen.”
“What!”
“Uh huh. I thought about calling the cops, but I figured you'd be sleeping with the enemy, so I waited until morning. Wouldn't want the police busting in on you butt naked.” he laughed.
“I doubt it. The way cops respond these days. You better off calling the pizza delivery guy.”
Hemi pointed to the porch, and we sat. “So where is she?”
“At home.”
“Oh shit we better head there! Kerryn may be robbing the place!”
“I doubt it. There must be a reason why.”
Hemi nudges me, “C'mon let's go!”
I take out the phone and ring my home phone putting it on speakerphone. Kerryn answers saying she is doing the washing. I hung up and turned to Hemi. He shrugged.
“She could be saying that while she loads your 65” Tv into her van.”
“Look I understand some things don't add up. But I'm just helping Kerryn out.”
“Why?”
“I just want to.”
“Oh mate, I'm starting to the big S underneath that shirt. Mr. Clark Kent.”
“Oh shut up. I'm not Superman.”
“Super stupid then.”
I laughed, scratching the back of my head, “You know I could be.”
“Look man. Straight up, I think it's too early to be taking on strays. Especially after just breaking up. I can tell, you are feeling this girl, but man from the indicators I've seen seems she has some baggage. Kid and stolen van!”
I frowned, “And you don't?”
Hemi does the jazz hands, “Sheesh man, I'm not the one driving a stolen van!”
I scratched the back of my neck, “Well I'll ask her about it when I get back.”
“Ok. I can call the cops if the foreigner turns on you.”
I laugh, “I'll be alright I got a feeling she's got a good reason.”
Hemi rolls his eyes, “The last time I had a good feeling was in my balls, and now I got a kid.”
I punched him, “I gotta go. Thanks for the info.”
***

I arrived back home and raised the garage door to pull out the cot. Dust motes floated with the afternoon sun streaming in. India's baby clothes were in bags inside the cot. All the blankets and the pram beside it. So many memories with Candice buying the lot, both excited about our new arrival. When we went for the scans, we decided to wait until birth for the sex of the baby. Of course, I wanted it to be a boy but was happy in the end that we had a healthy baby. The old bibs, the cotton tattered, the print faded. The high chair where I fed India every meal. Playing airplanes with the food I spoon fed her. I lifted out the woolen blanket my mother knitted. I smell the scent of lavender. I miss you, baby.
“Hey.”
I turned to see Kerryn holding Zach, The light shined behind her making me squint.
I said, “I got the cot over there that I'll put in the spare room. Take a look through the clothes and stuff see if there's anything you like.”
“Maybe later, Dinner is ready.” She says “Can you bring the high chair?”
“Sure.”
I walked into the lounge the place is looking immaculate. The bookshelves are devoid of dust, the floors vacuumed. Windows so clear it was invisible. The scent of pine from the cleaning product invigorated my senses. Zach is on the floor playing with his toys in his Kids Walker. Zach is zooming around before he stopped right in front of me, he looked up. Then smiled his mouth making fart noises that made me laugh.
Kerryn is at the table, hands on hips and said, “Gosh of all things I expect him to say is momma, and he does this all the time!”
“Maybe he's imitating what's around him?”
“I do not fart!”
I cracked up laughing. I walked over to the dinner table setting up the high chair when I saw the spread of food Kerryn made. Roast chicken and mashed potatoes there is a knob of butter melting on it. I lick my lips.
“Wow.” I say, “I'm stuck for words. This is a feast.”
“Thank you. It's the least I could do.”
I polished off dinner pretty quickly, and Kerryn put Zach to sleep. I watched as she made sure he was comfortable and warm. I held a glass of wine appreciating her love for her son when she finally switched off the light.
“Join me in the lounge for one.” I say, “Yours is just grape juice.”
“Ok.”

We sat on the sofa, I turned on the TV turning the volume down. The show was some reality TV show called The Bachelor. I looked at Kerryn who turned focused on me. All these lingering things, I was eager to ask. So many things that didn't make sense about her. But we stared in a quiet silence.
She said, “Tell me how you met Candice?”
“Whoa, we will need a bottle for that.”
“You seem to have a fridge full. I found hard earlier to find any food to make. At least I made use of what was there before it all went off. You seem to have a regular diet of alcohol more than food.”
“Yep.”
“Anyways back to my question.”
I took a sip, the wine is a Pinot Gris, and it tasted fruity oak flavors lingered on my tongue. “Candice... I met her through my Friend Hemi. The guy who drives the white BMW that came over some weeks ago. His sister is best friends with Candice, and so like many things people find out you're single then they match you up.”
“Kinda like Tinder.”
I laugh. “No. I'm glad to say I never resorted to internet dating. I just felt guilty and ashamed using it. Although I did find it amusing. I mean you could be keen on the girl and get a dialog going but who's to say she could be talking to five other dudes? I wasn't that type to meet women in a club either, cause I'm a horrible dancer. The pub scene suited me but that attracts women, I prefer not to meet.”
She smiled, “Old women, Single mothers and the recently divorced?”
“No. You hang around a bar, and you see the regulars. I would shake my head at the number of women that went home with different men and vice versa. But hey it could be just the bar I went to.” I say. “But who am I to judge? Anyways I met Candice initially through a phone conversation. She was the most positive and cheery person when we first talked. I remember her taking a snapshot of our long-winded conversations. Some of which were 7 hours!”
Kerryn blinked, “Gosh! You must have been love.”
“It was all the excitement you know looking back. Somebody new and interesting. I was so infatuated with Candice. I couldn't stop thinking about her. Ironically Hemi was the first one to say to take it easy. Wait for the honeymoon period to wear off before you see the real you's.”
“Youse?”
“It's his slang. I know sounds dumb. But I was dumb pushing things too soon. I thought Candice was the one. Then she fell pregnant, and for the first time in my life, I felt ready for the challenges of raising a child. So I married her. Yeah, I was prepared for all of it, like my run of luck came in threes but I didn't expect the marriage to be a significant change in Candice's personality.”
“How so?”
“I guess when you get used to someone, you are more open to what you want. What you don't like. What you want to do. I can’t recall a time before we were married where we had those conflicts. You know. It was give and take. I'm no angel either I gave concessions on things she loved to do that I hated...”
“Like what?” Kerryn asks shifting closer.
“Watching her stupid reality TV Shows. Going through her mind-numbing TV binge-watching marathons. While I missed all my sport, especially basketball and rugby. That's hard on a man. All the boys would talk about the close game was, and there I was watching the Kardashian comment on each other's butt!” I sighed, “Tell you what that soon changed when we were married.”
“I can't stand those shows, to be honest, they really rot your brain.”
“Sports fan?”
“They really rot your brain too.” She repeated with a smile.
“I think there were problems in our marriage we didn't address. The biggest change too was her constant nagging. Jesus, I thought my mother was bad, Candice was the queen of moaners and groaners. Every little thing I did, nag. Do something romantic for her, nag. I think you just quietly over time start to resent your partner. I thought I would just ignore and brush it off like I do with my mom, but it eats away at you. But if it wasn't for India I really don't think if it would have lasted 5 years. Probably five months. But it's one of those things, the joy I got from India that superseded anything. She is my world.”
“And now it's all gone.”
“Yeah. I miss tucking India in. Reading her a bedtime story. Kissing her forehead saying goodnight.” I skulled the rest of my glass and stood. “I know there’s always two sides to the story so maybe I’m being negative towards her since she divorced me without me having a clue. I couldn’t pick up the signs like it was a random accident, wrong place at the wrong time kinda thing. Anyways, I'm off to bed. I do need to have a chat with you about a few things, but that can wait till morning. I'm pooped.”
“Good night. Nico.” She said kissing my forehead.
***

I woke up, not to sound of dishes clanking and pots clanging but to the chirp of the birds and the sweet melody of the kingfisher bird on the powerline. I didn't need an alarm clock as it always sang around 8-8:30 am. My body ached as I got out of bed, my knee joints creaked, and I walked out to the Kitchen. It was empty. I went into the spare room to the cot empty the blanket folded neatly on the bed. With bleary eyes, I looked out into the driveway. The van was gone, all that's left is the puddle of leaking oil it left. I scratched my head thinking if this was all a dream. I turned to a note on the dining table. I picked it up to read.
Hey! Gone to take Zach to the doctors be back soon
Xxx
My finger hovered over the xxx. Kiss Kiss Kiss. I filled the kettle when my phone rang. I answered it.

“Daddy?” I heard sniffling on the phone.
“India!” I say, “Baby are you ok?”
“I want to come home!”
“What happened?”
India cried as I heard the loud thuds against the door.
Open the fucking door! India! Do you hear me! Open this damn door now!
THUD THUD CRACK
“Daddy!” she sobbed. “Jack hit me!”
“Aw fuck! I'm on my way! Hun!”
I put on my black jeans and white singlet and grabbed my keys. I ran outside when Kerryn just pulled up in the van. I jumped in the passenger side.
“Drive!” I said,
“Where? What is it?”
“Get on the motorway I'll show you where to go. It's an emergency.”
“Ok.”
I took out my phone to redial the number India called from, but it went to Jake’s answering machine. I called Candice, but it went to voicemail. I rang Hemi and told him what happened, and he told me he will bolt over there. I was so anxious to get there, sick with worry for India.
We took the southern motorway heading to the suburb of Mangere Bridge where Jake lived. I arrived at Kiwi Esplanade, driving past a burnt out house and I pointed at Jakes house next door. One of the last of houses earmarked for redevelopment. Jake had a large lawn, and I opened the door bolting to the front door. The grass was wet with morning dew soaking my boots and the bottom of trousers. I made a beeline for the door shoulder charging it. I flattened the door falling into the hallway. I got up and saw Jake pulling split wood pieces off the half broken door with one hand and holding a leather belt in the other. Candice stood back crying, with a fucking clue what do. I got up and charged him. He caught me, but our weight pushed the door in further. He took the belt and wrapped it around my neck strangling me. My breathing constricted, I felt like I was going to pass out. 
Then I saw India… Her lip bleeding and two large red welts to her forearms. Eyes streaming with tears. Anger and fury burst out my heart like a raging fucking fire. 
My eyes widened. I screamed like a mad man. “YOU MOTHERFUC-” I struck Jake with the back of my head. He went back. I turned, and I hooked him, landing a right to the jaw. Stunning him. I clutched him by the collar dragging him out of the hallway.
“India get to the van!” I yelled.
I pulled Jack out into the lawn carving a path through the dew. I saw the neighbors starting to walk over when I laid more punches to his face.
“Don't you ever hurt her! Ever!”
WHACK WHACK
Candice ran after India when she bolted over to me pulling my arm back preventing another punch.
“Candice, how could you let him hurt her? Jesus Christ!”
“You don't understand! India provoked him.”
“For god’s sake, did you see what he did?”
Jake shakes his head, he is disorientated. He stands. Stumbles. Holds his hands up clenched fists peering through a bloodied right eye. I line him up for another right hook when India, is watching with Kerryn. India is clutching her leg looking on. Weeping. I can’t let her see me do this… I pause. Anger slowly fades. Jake is not worth it. Not with this audience.
Hemi's BMW pulls in front of them and bolts out to me. Jake wipes his brow, and hisses, “Argh!” spitting blood, “I don't know what you did to my daughter, but she's a spoiled little brat!”
Jake takes a swing missing me. His hard right makes him twirl like a drunk ballerina. Hemi pulls me back and drags me to the car. Jake is on the ground and tries to stand when he falls. That's concussion for you. Asshole.
I get in the Van, Candice is on her phone holding Jake.
Jake screams, “Keep the Bitch! I'm done with her.”
India holds me as Kerryn puts the car into gear. I brush aside India's hair looking at her cut lip. Bruised Cheek and the welts on her arms.
“Don't worry baby we are going home.” I say, “We’re going home.”
A tear falls from her cheek, she sniffles. Before cuddling me tight.
***

1pm
Home.

Hemi's BMW parked on the side of the street, he’s sitting on the boot, and arms folded shaking his head. We turn into the driveway, I look at India to see that she has fallen asleep. Poor girl. 
Kerryn gets out and says. “I'll make something to eat and treat her wounds.”
I examine them, there’s no bleeding, just the kind of welts that will bruise later. “Ok, I'll put India to bed. She needs to rest.”
I carry India into the house when Hemi follows, I lay her in the bed. Tucking her in. I'm so glad to have her back. Hemi taps my shoulder and hands me a beer and a frozen bag of peas for my right eye. We head out on the deck. We sit on the chairs, and I lean back holding the bag on my eye. Icy cold water streams down my face.
Hemi says, “Man! You could have told me sooner!”
“I did. I called you once I found out.”
Hemi shakes his head, “Jake huh? That guy never changes. I was hoping to arrive there earlier so I can throw a few punches of my own.”
“Don't worry my king hit made think he was in La La Land.”
Hemi snickers, “Mate, all I can say is wow. Though you know, it just makes your situation worse now? Dude if Jake files an assault charge.”
“I know. I'm expecting the cops come any minute. Though I can file charges too for Jake hitting India.”
Hemi checked his phone when Kerryn came up with a plate of cold cuts, bread and a bowl of chips.
“Shit!” Hemi said, clenching his fists looking up to the sky, “God damn! Argh!”
“What?”
“Nicole.” He sighs, “She at Mary's house throwing her tantrums. I gotta go.”
“Ok.”
“Hey. Did you ask Kerryn about the thing...?”
“Not yet.”
Hemi flicks his eyes inside the house as we watch Kerryn pour the dip.
“Check her man.”
Hemi leaves when Kerryn comes out with the bowl of dip.
“Aw, where’s Hemi Going? I had a pizza heating up in the oven. There’s too much food.”
“That's ok, I'm quite hungry after the boxing match.”
Kerryn went back inside and came out with a plaster and antiseptic.
I say, pinching my sweaty shirt, splotched with blood. “Hey, I'll take a shower first.”
She nods.

I walk past, checking on India again, she clutches her small brown teddy bear. Before closing her eyes again. I walk into the bathroom. Removing my shirt, Flicking on the shower listening to the water calm me. I jump in the shower feeling the sting on my wounds. Rose colored water swirls around the drain hole. I turn up the heat, the warmth eases tired muscles. I think about the consequences of my actions. Whether or not Candice will call the cops. Whether or not I will go to jail for assault or breaching the conditions of the protection order, the compounding stress of it messed with my head. I step out of the shower, Blood drips into the sink from my cut eye, I look up to the fogged mirror to swipe it to see Kerryn at the door.
“Hey.” She says softly.
I turn when she walks over to pat the cut. She opens up the antiseptic. The steam in the room escapes through the door but still too hard to make anything out.
I said, “Come into my bedroom it's too stuffy.”
She nods, and I follow her into my room.
I sit on the edge of my bed hunched over elbows on knees the blood drips on the white towel.
She frowned, “For a small cut you bleed out quite a bit.”
“Yeah, I take blood thinners.”
“Oh, did you have a stroke or heart attack?”
“No, I ruptured aorta a few years back. I have the scars here.”
Kerryn's fingers trailed on the middle of my chest down to my top of my abdomen
“Wow.”
“I could only imagine being operated on, cut open like an animal while they performed surgery on me. Doctors said my chance of surviving was 45%. But when I lay on that table the moment before I went under the anesthetic. I felt no anxiety I did not fear death itself. I feared being away from my daughter who was three at the time. I remember just having the will to come back the moment Candice held her to kiss my forehead. In my mind it wasn't 45%, it was 100%.”
Kerryn stared and applied the plaster to the cut on my eye.
She said, “I adore that you do the things you do for your daughter. She means a lot to you.”
“She's my life.”
Kerryn nodded, I ran my hands through her hair. My right hand swept down the right side of her face. She angled her head, resting the side of her face like a pillow. She closed her eyes when my thumb rubbed gently against her chin, she licked her lips. Her eyes opened, dilated and delicious. I leaned in to kiss...
Kerryn inhaled deeply taking the first press of my lips. My hand swept down to her shoulder then down to her hip. My tongue navigating her mouth. I leaned back sucking on her lower lip. Everything about that kiss felt good. We kissed more, our tongues touching, moving that Kerryn fell back into the bed. I climbed on her kissing her neck. Smelling perfume, feeling the warmth and her quickening pulse. My head lowered sweet kisses to her collarbone, then slow sucking kisses to the top her breast. Her nipples poked out through the material. Making me want to expose them... Making want to see them and admire them and caress them with my lips and tongue. I pulled the material down gently. Slowly, then made eye contact with her. She bit her lip. Nodded.
WAA! WAA! WAAAH!
“Damn it!” Kerryn said. I rolled off her as she went into the room to get to Zach. I stood with a full hard on poking through you'd swear, I could hang my towel on it. I peeked down the hallway to see her come with Zach.
I said, “Umm... Thanks for the doing my cut.”
She smiled then I shut the door.
***
10 pm later that night.

India woke up after an hour, and we had dinner before putting her to bed again at 8 pm. She wasn't sleepy at all, but after reading her books for an hour, she finally dozed off at 9.30pm when Kerryn went to sleep also. Like anyone who would be paranoid now after my show of gallantry. I sat in the lounge and waited for who would turn up. Candice? The police? Jack? In my right hand, I flicked the coin in my hand. Thinking about my chances of not going to prison. Cars that would pass by would make me jump and look through the window like a weed smoker who's paranoid. The night sky is clear, and the stars are sparkling. I see a plane flying in the distance its red lights are like eyes looking at me. “Nico?” I turn hearing a soft voice, it's Kerryn wearing a long white tunic. Her hair is down. 
“Hey, I thought you went to bed?”
“I did. But I kept waking up hearing noises.” She rubs her eyes and yawns, “Don't worry about it, Nico. Just go to sleep please, tomorrow is another day.”
“Sorry. For keeping you awake.”
Kerryn walks up beside me. Threading her arm around my waist.
“I suppose you don't get this kind of drama huh?” I asked.
“I do. There are things I need to tell you about me.”
“I know.”
Kerryn leans back. “Excuse me?”
“Like how the van you have is stolen?” I said, “How you knew those boys who robbed you.”
She peers down when I lift her chin. “You can tell me about it later Kerryn. But it doesn't matter. I know you have your reasons, so I'm not going to judge. I know you’re a good person. And that’s the fact of the matter” My hands held the side of her face as I kissed her so deeply, before leaning back. “Goodnight Kerryn.”

I walked back down the hallway, and back into my bedroom. Pulling my side of my navy blue duvet. Lying back in my bed, I looked up at the ceiling when my door creaked open. I saw Kerryn stepping in, walking to the other side of the bed, peeling away the duvet.  She removed her tunic to reveal her gorgeous naked body and slid in next to me.
I moved close to her brushing aside her hair and started kissing her. Closing my eyes feeling her tongue touch mine. Stopping for a moment to suck on her lower lip then to continue again only adding the teasing sucking motion on her tongue. The playful exchange continued when my hands felt the lower arc of her breasts then her rear. 
A gentle squeeze, made her moan. My hand slid down her arse to her inner thigh. Teasing sweeps of my fingers felt her hot, wet heat. I pulled the duvet back to reveal her body. Nipples hard and pointed. I licked my lips as my tongue delved on the surface. Sucking her breasts, again and again. Kerryn inhaled deeply as moaned, signaling to me the sensations from her breasts are spiraling to her mind. Her hands navigated my chest, jaw then shoulders. I knew now my tongue licking kisses to her breasts primed her for me to take her.
She pulled at my boxers when I flicked them off. Pressing my erection against her. My hands felt every inch of her skin, it felt soft. Warm. Supple. She moaned as she continued to kiss when she rolled on her back. Climbing on top of her I nudged her legs apart guiding my cock inside her. The initial penetration was gentle, gliding in and out of her with a rhythm that made her clutch my lower back with a moan like she is gasping for air. I picked up the pace, again and again. Feeling the build up deep within me. Kerryn raised her arms back overhead clutching the poles on the headboard. Her whole body shook as I went faster and faster trying to arrive at that point. I clutched her, groaning as I released inside her. My eyes rolled back to this feeling of peace and satisfaction. 
My breathing calmed when I ran my hand down to her clit to massage. 
I whispered, “Kerryn now it’s time for yours…”
She breathed in deeply again as I stroked the nib of her clit, building up again her ecstasy to a point when her whole body shuddered. She moved my hand, the orgasm so intense she couldn’t take it. Her release, completing our exchange of affection. I felt something for Kerryn as she snuggled next to me. Breathing heavy, both of us looking deep into each other’s eyes. Damn, she's Beautiful.
***

4am.
I woke to the squeal of the of the front door opening, the sound of footsteps coming down the hallway made me sit up. Turning to the alarm clock, it’s 4 am. My ears strained thinking if it was all in my head. My bedroom door was wide open. My eyes focused on the shadow approaching. I clench my fist. 
Candice!
I saw her at the door, wearing a gray hoodie and black sweatpants. She shook her head looking at Kerryn and me in bed together.
“What do you want?” I said. “There's no reason either to be having a key to my house.”
Candice throws the house key on my bed. “Here. I'm here to pick up India. Who’s she?” 
“A friend.”
She walks on, and I bolt out of bed to her in the India's room. Candice looks inside the cot and then to the bed, she peels back her pink duvet and lifts India.
“What the hell are you doing? You can't take India back there.” I whisper.
“Just be grateful it's me and not the cops. Jake wanted to press charges and I sure as hell wanted to call the police back then. But we didn't.”
“So you're taking him back to the abuser?”
“Shut up Nico. No. We are going back to our mothers.”
“You messed up going back to Jake, give me a reason why I shouldn't call child services on you.”
“Because you know it will bad for both of us. We all lose. God damn it, Nico! Don't you ever think?”
She steps in front of me to brush past. I block the door.
“I'm not letting you take her back to Jack. Jesus Candice, he could have killed her.” I hissed.
“Don't make this harder than it already is. Yes, Jake hit India. And he is so sorry for it. Jake couldn't handle or have the patience trying to get close to her own daughter. His counseling is not an instant fix, and it's going to take time. Only now he is dealing with India being in his life. Sometimes I agree with what Jake said, that you've spoiled India rotten.”
“Rotten? Fuck you, Candice. It's called loving your daughter, being there every step.”
“And where were you? For me? On those steps?” she pushes her finger into my chest, “huh? Did you forget that you had a wife too to take care of? When was the last time after the baby was born we did stuff together? Where we talked? None! You want to know what your problem is Nico, is that you are only aware of your own needs and India. That's why I wanted a divorce.”
“So out of spite, you take India away from me. You disgust me.”
“If this child was yours. I would allow visitation. Whether India likes it or not Jake is her real father, and she is young enough now to build a relationship with him. I'm sorry that you had to find out this way and at such a wrong time. I knew there was a possibility. Until I got back with Jack, I had to be sure.”
“I can't believe you held that lie within you the whole time. How did you sleep at night?”
“Like I said it was a possibility. Move out of my way Nico.”
I exhaled as I Stood my ground.
“Move!”
I squeezed my eyes, when Kerryn pulled me aside, India opened her eyes before falling back asleep. I followed Candice down the hallway, to her car. Jake was outside with the passenger door open. Arms folded, watching me like a hawk. I clenched my fist when Kerryn held me back. We watched as Jake took India into his arms before putting her into the backseat. He sat next to India. I bolted to his side. He turned facing me.
I said, “If I ever find out that you hurt India again. Rest assured I'll be at your front door with another ass whooping for you.”
Jake said nothing clenching his teeth with the bruises I gave him. Candice reversed out of the driveway. I held my hands on my hips hearing the birds. Their song little comfort to my loss today.
***

Chapter 6: Fighting loss with Love.
2 Weeks Later.
10am

It is odd to say this but since I made love to Kerryn. We never hooked up again, weird as that may sound. She did sleep in my bed, but I became so sad with India gone. I couldn't think about other things. But to have someone to comfort me and hold me was offsetting the totality of it. Kerryn stayed in the spare room for a few nights because she was feeling sick and didn’t want it to spread to Zach and I. She opened my door and handed me a glass of juice.
“Hey,” she paused, then bit her lip. “I finally found a place.”
“Nonsense you can stay here.”
“I appreciate everything you've done for me, but I need to be in my own place. We can still visit each other, though.”
“I'd like that.”
“I think it's too soon for me to living with you. Or engaging in another relationship. I feel like the rebound person.”
“I'm sorry you feel that way, but I understand with all the dramas you've exposed to. You have enough on your plate raising your son on his own.”
Kerryn flicks her eyes to Zach who is peering over the cot. We had it moved in here the next night after India was taken. He would cry sometimes making me think it was India. Zach is clutching the edge of the rail making fart sounds again. The kid now use to me, laughs when I tickled his stomach. I held Zach while he stared at my face smiling when I put him back in the cot with one of his favorite toys.
“Can I ask you a question?” I ask.
“Sure.”
“Tell me about the stolen van and those kids?”
Kerryn hesitates for a moment when she exhales. “The van belonged to my ex-boyfriend Lance Vinsmoke. We dated off and on for two years before I became pregnant. If I had to describe the relationship, it was that of a rollercoaster. He was Vice President of a Motorcycle Gang called the Black Snakes. He was a heavy drinker and smoker, but it’s all normalized when you lived that life. The riches Lance lavished me with was insane, and you know it comes from the activities they do as a club.”
I smoothed my jaw, “Selling drugs…”
She nodded, “Meth namely. Lance, when I met him the first time, was a caring man. Before the meth changed his mind, he became aggressive, and his anger would turn with a flick of a switch. I was so scared to tell him I was pregnant because I didn’t know how he would react. So I fled, taking his van and living off the grid. Those kids that ransacked my van were his prospects. Dressed in blue, I didn’t want to call the cops because they might recognize me. Lance gave me an engagement ring which I then sold to a pawn shop, the money I had hidden in the van, they took was from that. Sheesh, I can picture the prospects now gifting it back to him, little does he know he’s getting what he lost back in some way. Karma huh?
“So you have that guy Lance out there looking for you?”
“Not sure. But if Lance were to get just a single glance of me, it will be two bullets between the brains for sure.” She said. “But I saw on the news their clubhouse was burned down, and a few members killed so maybe he was one of those that died.”
“So you’ve been on the run ever since?”
“The van was my safehouse, so they say. Auckland is a small place, I knew at some point someone would find me.”
I exhale, “Is there anything I can say that will make you stay?” I stand holding her. Arms around her waist.
“I told you from the start that I was waiting for my papers to come through for my place and they have. I wish things didn’t become so complicated by sleeping with you.”
“C’mon you can’t regret what we shared. And please don’t get hung up on all my baggage, in the grand scheme of things you have some too. I mean if I had to choose between a lying cheating wife to a Black snake gang member who wants to kill you...”
She palms her face, “When you put it in that perspective, maybe you don’t have it that bad eh?”
“Hey,” I said, holding the sides of her face. “Can I be honest with you? When Candice dropped that bombshell on me. I spiraled down in a place I never want to be again. Sheesh, I was so depressed, that I am almost given up hope. I never thought that I would find someone or you for that matter. You’ve been there when I needed it most. You know it’s odd from the first time I saw you at the library, so many good feelings came through. In life you just click with people, you like them already without knowing who they are as a person or what they’ve done in the past.” I kissed her. “You just trust them, wholeheartedly. When I was with Candice, it took me a long time before I said I loved her. With you, I don’t have any doubt that I do. That’s the difference. The conviction that I love you, Kerryn.”
I kissed her again brushing aside her hair. She wipes her eyes, “I love you too...”
I said, “Life’s too short to be to be living apart when we don’t need to be. I have a warm home and in it, is a man that lives in it waiting for you and Zack to share it with him. We’re both getting on with our lives so why not do it together?”
Kerryn sniffled, squeezing her eyes. Before giving me a hug.
She whispered, “Why not? What do I have lose?”
“Nothing, when you’re with me.”
***

And from that point, I thank you for staying with me until the end. Although I never got to see India. We talked on the phone late at night in secret for the next couple of years when Jake left Candice for another woman. I heard he’s under investigation for a murder case that’s pending with Detective Tevita Suarvea. 
I’m not one to bask in someone’s misfortune, but Candice had a point or lesson for me when I was with her. Candice deserved to be happy, and I failed in part in not being attentive to her needs. I think back and clicked on all the signs and where it led to. But now with Kerryn, I have that second chance to keep the communication open and be a better person. India has settled back now, being a big sister to Zach. This once empty house is now full of laughter and noise. And today I just found out that Kerryn is pregnant with another child.
Mine!!!
 I’m in the lounge with the bi-fold doors open breathing in that summer air. Inhaling that Prana. Kerryn is next to me, my hand rubbing her tummy. India is seven and Zach now two years old are playing with their toys. 
I hold my hand on the new life waiting to join us, it brings tears to my eyes to live this journey starting with heartbreak, joy then heartbreak again to be back at it this point. 
I tell you what man, I’m soaking in the sun. With gratitude that Life is good now and it only gets better from here. All hope of meeting someone was never futile, love always finds a way. So wherever you are in life keep believing and keep the faith.


Nico Joel -



Thank you for reading Heartbroken

Please visit my Facebook page for more romance stories.
There is plenty more there for you.

The following stories interlink with Heartbroken
To get the full experience of my world check them out!

Confluence – Hemi Porter (May 2017)
Driven by Desire – Lance Vinsmoke / Matthew Lincoln

Tevita Suarvea - Inversion


Thanks again,

David




