


Heart on Fire
Combustible Book 1


Brandy L Rivers
Copyright 2014 Brandy L Rivers
http://brandylrivers.com 
Smashwords Edition
Cover Design by Brandy L Rivers
Edited by Shaner Media Creations


All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.
Also by Brandy L Rivers

Box Sets
Others of Edenton – Series Volume 1
Others of Edenton – Series Volume 2
Others of Edenton – Series Volume 3
Others of Seattle – Series Volume 1
Others of Seattle – Series Volume 2

Others of Edenton
New Beginnings
In Too Deep
Shadows Fall
Shadows of the Past
Falling Into Place
Fated Love
Breaking Free
Mending Scars
Labor of Love
Light in Darkness
Blissful Agony
Entangled Darkness
Deadly Design (10-24-16)

Others of Seattle
Nights Embrace
Storm Mistress
Accepting Fate
Red Queen
Seductive Solutions
Changing Destiny
Coming Together
Storm Wrath

Nights Embrace Spin Off
Summer Rhythm

Stand Alone Contemporary Romance
Heart on Fire
Falling Star
Sweet Tooth (9-5-16)
Backburn (1-6-17)

Pine Barrens Pack Co-Written with Rebecca Brooke
Cursed Vengeance
Vengeance Unraveled (coming 2017)

To keep up with upcoming releases and news visit me at my
Website – Facebook - Twitter
Or join my newsletter or reading group Rivers’ Shenanigans.
Table of Contents


Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Epilogue
About Brandy L Rivers
Acknowledgements
Dedication


To the Dauntless Indies:
You ladies are amazing, it’s a pleasure to work with you all.
To many great successes for all of you. 
Prologue


Six years ago, Halloween night

Excitement danced through her veins as Mila attempted to tie the glittery scarlet mask’s ribbons under her hair.
Barb tapped her foot, taunting, “Come on, Mila. You don’t want to be late.” Mila’s best friend was ready for her boyfriend’s frat party across the street. They were in the apartment Anthony shared with a friend, but the guys were setting up, leaving them alone to costume themselves.
“Help me, please. I don’t want anyone to recognize me,” she pleaded. “I plan on getting drunk, really drunk, and going home with some hot superhero, or maybe another demon.” And she was, but she was also nervous as hell.
Barb shook her head as she turned toward her. “You’ll have your choice of men.”
“Whatever you do, don’t tell anyone. I’ll deny it until my dying day.”
For one night, and only one, she needed to be someone else. Five weeks since she had walked out on Paul, and Mila wanted to forget. 
She’d thought she loved him, until he told her what she was going to do with her life. Mila refused to fall in line with his agenda. Paul laughed, and told her she would never amount to anything. She walked away.
Only took the prick a week to replace her with a woman she thought was her friend. If Leslie had been, that ended when she showed off her sparkly engagement ring, and proceeded to ask Mila to be her maid of honor. That was a big fat no.
Good riddance. Jerk could take his bimbo to New York, and start his life as a scum-sucking lawyer. Leslie was clearly thrilled to become his trophy wife.
Tonight, Mila wasn’t going to play sweet and innocent. With her inhibitions left at home, she was going to be bold and daring. She was going to have a great time with every intention of fucking that asshole, and his back-stabbing tramp, right out of her mind.
“Honey, we’re in another state.” Barb nudged her chin up until they made eye contact. “You only know one of Anthony’s friends. No one is going to recognize you. Not unless you count Anthony, and he won’t come on to you,” she wiggled her fingers, “unless he wants a castration via acrylics.”
Mila laughed. “Anthony loves you. I honestly doubt he has it in him to look at another woman.”
“I don’t know. Do you see yourself?” Barb fanned her face dramatically. “You are so damned hot, you have flames springing up with every step you take. I’d be surprised if you don’t land a man in under two seconds.”
“I hope so.”
“Don’t forget the condoms!”
She rolled her eyes. “Yes, mom.”
Smirking, Barb twirled her finger. “Turn around.” 
Mila did and Barb worked her magic, hiding the ties in the fall of big dark chocolate curls that tumbled down Mila’s back. The jeweled mask was custom fitted to her face and covered from below her nose up to her hair. Projecting from the top edge of the mask, and encircled with curls, the horns appeared to spring from her head. She even wore a matching tail.
Mila walked to the bathroom with the full-length mirror and stared at herself. Her breasts nearly spilled out of the scarlet satin corset. Matching hot pants showed off her long, toned legs. Black knee high boots, and gloves topped off the ensemble.
Taking a deep breath, she reached for her makeup bag, and painted on shiny scarlet lipstick.
She hardly recognized herself. She generally chose clothes for comfort. Cute, not sexy.
I can do this. I want to do this, she reminded herself.
Mila turned to Barb. “I’ll meet you back here late tonight, or early tomorrow.”
Smiling, she pulled Mila into a hug.
There was a tremble to her voice. “This is a one-time thing. I need to do something crazy once in my life.”
“Doesn’t have to be one time. You need this. So let’s go have some fun.” Barb took her hand and pulled her out of the apartment, down to the frat house across the way. “Our first mission is to get some alcohol.”
“Yeah, I’ll find our drinks.” Mila flipped her hair over her shoulder. Every pair of eyes landed on her as she sashayed her way through the crowd. Her new-found seductive power was something she could get used to, if she wasn’t planning to be a high school teacher.
“Hello, devil,” a deep, velvety purr caught her attention as the owner stepped close enough to feel the heat of his skin.
She turned to fall deep into smoldering blue-grey eyes. Most of his face was hidden behind a Phantom of the Opera mask. His dark hair brushed the collar of a poet’s blouse tucked into tight black pants over incredibly powerful legs. A cape completed the costume, draped carelessly over impressive shoulders. Below the mask, his full, tempting smile, and accompanying dimple, drew her attention. Mila wanted a taste.
“Why hello, Phantom.” Her lips turned up in a coy smile as desire rushed through her. The Phantom of the Opera was her favorite musical. She could listen to it non-stop for days. “Can I tempt you with a drink?”
“You’re tempting me for something more than a drink.” He stepped into her body as his hands wrapped around her waist. “Want to dance?”
“Yes, I do,” she answered immediately. 
He led her to the dance floor and encircled her in his arms. So warm, so strong, and it felt right.
His breath danced over her ear. “This too fast?”
“Not at all.” A combination of confidence and desire left her feeling frisky. She nipped his ear, and was rewarded with a deep moan. The music started and his body moved to the beat. His lips grazed her neck, sending a shiver down her spine.
Barb cleared her throat. Even in her tiny, sexy fairy princess dress, she had a maternal quality. The pointed look brought Mila back to reality.
Then a single brow arched in amusement. “Forget something?”
Mila giggled impishly. “I was distracted.”
Barb took an appreciative look at Phantom and one corner of her mouth lifted. “I can see that.”
Phantom grinned. “I couldn’t resist temptation, but will gladly burn in hell to steal another dance.”
“Who’s your friend?” Barb’s eyes sparkled.
“The Phantom of the Opera.” Mila quickly answered, not wanting his name. She didn’t need it. One hot night, that was all she could afford.
“Gonna play it that way?” Barb narrowed her eyes, but smiled back at the man. “Very well, Phantom, I’m Barb.”
“Good evening. I hope you don’t mind if I keep Devil to myself for as long as she’ll let me. I promise to treat her well.”
Mila had no doubt he would. Even if he only talked the whole night, she could listen to the seductive rumble without complaint.
Anthony joined them with a round of drinks. He wore his football uniform, minus the pads. Maybe it hadn’t occurred to him to shop for a real costume? In any case, it worked for him.
Once everyone had a cup, Mila chugged her beer.
Phantom licked his lips as he watched her like a predator.
That shouldn’t turn me on.
In three years, Paul never once looked at her like she was edible and he was starving.
He took a few long swallows from his cup, and offered the remainder. “More?”
“Mmm.” She nodded and took his to guzzle it down.
Anthony’s eyes widened as he shook his head. Barb grabbed the cups and dragged her man away, giving Mila a thumbs-up behind her boyfriend’s back.
Mila turned back to Phantom, and drowned in his smoldering eyes. Not allowing herself to think, she fisted his hair and dragged him down for a kiss. There was no hesitation as his mouth closed over hers. He took control immediately, his tongue sliding against hers. His taste was rich, heady, and she wanted more.
One hand squeezed her ass, pulling her tight against his straining length, his other turned her head enough for him to whisper in her ear, “Careful now, Devil. I’m trying to behave until I can get you alone, but you really,” he nipped the lobe of her ear, “truly, need to slow down, before I find a corner, and have you against the wall.”
Her mouth popped open to argue, but she couldn’t think of a single thing wrong with that plan. In fact, she no longer wanted to be drunk. She wanted to remember every last detail. Her voice was husky when she finally responded. “Then dance, before I go back to tempting you.”
He made the sexiest growling sound she’d ever heard. Her heart raced and her blood boiled. She knew slowing down was wise, but her body wanted everything he had to offer.
A sensual, slow song came on, and his arms wound around her, pulling her closer. His lips trailed up the column of her throat, leaving her breathless as their bodies moved together. One hand caressed up her side, grazing over the curve of her breast.
“Oh, Phantom. Now, you’re the one tempting me,” she moaned, urgently pressing her hips against him, feeling the evidence of his arousal trapped between their bodies.
Desire consumed every thought as he backed her up against the wall, slowly rocking himself against her. She hooked her leg around his hip as he ground into her heat.
He caught her wrists, pinning them to the wall. She trailed her tongue up his neck.
“Mmm, I need you so bad, Devil,” he groaned. “Come home with me.” The words bordered on being a command, one she wanted to follow.
Swallowing hard, she nodded.
He stepped back and threw her over his shoulder, striding for the front door. One arm banded around her thighs, the other caressing the bottom edge of her hot pants.
It took everything she had not to shift and urge his thumb under the scrap of material.
She panted, “I can walk.”
He chuckled, deep and masculine. “I like the feel of your body against mine.”
Her sass came back full-force. “I guarantee you’ll have a whole lot of skin-on-skin once we’re inside.”
Phantom slid her down his body. She could feel every defined muscle, and the heat of his skin, through their thin clothes. She needed his hands all over, his mouth on hers, as he thrust into her with force.
Reckless, definitely, but she wanted to lose herself with him. She had a feeling he would drive away every last doubt Paul left behind.
Dangerous because there was a very likely chance she would fall even harder for the man before her. If she let him, he would do real damage to her heart.
Our masks stay on, she vowed, hoping that would spare her any lasting feelings. This was a night of passion. No more.
His fingers entwined with hers as he smiled. A spark of electricity danced through her.
“This way, Devil.” He led her to another apartment a couple blocks over and up the stairs. Phantom had the door open in seconds.
His arm wound around her waist, lifting her off her feet as he brought her inside. Her breath caught as she stared down into his eyes. The ease with which he carried her around was seriously turning her on.
Once he set her on her feet, he reached up to remove her mask.
She tsked, and waved a finger. “Leave the mask.”
“All right, little Devil, but please tell me we can get rid of the clothes?”
The chances of him having a roommate were nil. They stood in a tidy studio apartment. The unlikely chance of interruption emboldened her further.
Answering with action, she pulled the zipper hidden in the side of her corset, and let it fall to the floor.
Phantom reached down, grabbing the white flowing shirt and pulled it from his pants, revealing rock hard abs. Mila watched as he drew the silk over his head, causing his stomach to ripple.
She wanted to touch. You’re doing everything you want tonight, she reminded herself. No regrets.
Moving closer, she trailed her fingers down the ridged muscle, stopping to open his pants.
He groaned as his hands wrapped around her waist, his fingers tracing the seam along the top of her shorts. After opening the fastening hook, he slid his fingers under the straps of her thong, pushing them down the same time she slid his pants off his hips.
“Leave the boots and gloves.” The husky request sent a thrill through her.
Her eyes trailed up his gorgeous physique. Phantom watched her, waiting for a response. Mila nodded, encouraged by the way he devoured her with his eyes.
Stepping out of his slacks, he closed the distance. She held her ground until his body pressed against hers, and then backed her into the wall. His lips descended, kissing her until she was dizzy.
Before she caught her breath, he lifted her off her feet and carried her back to his bed, where he effortlessly tossed her. Her lips curled into a grin as she bounced.
“Come here,” Mila beckoned, hoping he did before she lost her nerve. She wasn’t use to lying sprawled open as someone watched.
He loomed over her, staring down for a long moment before climbing between her legs.
“So beautiful,” he whispered before he slid one hand down her body, between her thighs, to cup her slick heat.
“I bet you taste like heaven.” He licked her nipple as his finger dipped inside. “Sure feels like heaven, little Devil. Are you sure you aren’t a fallen angel?”
Her need was so strong, she writhed beneath him, urging him to keep touching her. His mouth closed over her pearled tip, his tongue laving.
She panted, “Aren’t you a silver-tongued devil—saying all the right things?” Her words ended on a moan as he pressed a second finger in, and thumbed her clit. Sparks of pleasure surged through her body as he brought her over the edge, to fall into searing bliss. Her two previous lovers never made her come so hard or so fast.
His clever tongue swept over her bundle of nerves as his fingers worked in and out, finding the g-spot she honestly didn’t believe in until that moment when she rocketed back over the edge.
She was lost to his touch as he dragged out the pleasure until she was too boneless to move.
Phantom murmured, “Oh yeah, heaven all right.” He licked into her, his tongue replacing his fingers, driving her crazy, until she was begging, and clawing at the bed.
Even then, he didn’t relent until she came a third time, and she was certain she’d never come again. It wasn’t possible. Mila had thought her ex was good, but Phantom was proving her undeniably wrong.
Before she could get her eyes open he took her mouth in a kiss, her taste on his tongue. She needed more.
When he finally let her have some air, his fingers traced over her collar bone as he whispered, “Still want the masks on?”
“Yes,” she answered instantly, needing the anonymity, needing to not be herself for one night, knowing that when she went back home, she was a teacher again. When she left, she needed to be respectable, not the wanton harlot offering herself to the sex god above her.
He licked his lips as he watched her. Mila couldn’t read his expression through his mask, and for a moment she thought he might send her away. She almost ditched the plan to keep their identities secret.
Then he gave her a determined smile. “I’m going to get that mask off you sometime tonight or tomorrow. Don’t want to give you up. I want more of you—need all of you.”
“All right,” she whispered, terrified because she wasn’t sure she could walk away. Had he tried to remove the mask at that point, she wouldn’t have stopped him.
Honoring her request, he left them in place, instead reaching for a condom. He ripped it open with a wicked grin.
“Still on board, Devil?”
“Oh yeah.” She sat up, took the condom from him, rolling it on his long, thick length, wondering how that was fitting inside. Her two previous partners were nowhere near his size. Phantom was magnificent. All hard muscle and sinew, no fat, pure masculine brawn. “You are so damn big and completely gorgeous.” She couldn’t help the breathless quality in her voice as she stroked his length.
His eyes locked on hers, a moan escaping as he licked his lips. Watching his reaction to her touch was inspiring. She climbed into his lap, guiding his shaft, taking her time to accommodate his girth, while he sat on his knees.
His big hands caressed her back as they moved against each other, causing delicious friction. One of his hands drifted lower to palm her ass, his middle finger grazing over her rear passage with every movement, driving her crazy with the extra layer of sensation.
As her tempo built, he fisted her hair, pulling her head to the side to kiss and suck at her neck until she was right on the edge of another orgasm.
He was going to leave marks, and she didn’t care. For once in her life she abandoned inhibition to let him have her every way he wanted—as long as the masks stayed on.
“Slow down,” he pleaded. “I want this to last.”
“Why? You planning to kick me out before I get my fill of you?” she taunted, driving her pace harder, faster.
“No, want to keep you,” he roared as he came, bringing her along with him, which she believed impossible. When they collapsed on the bed, he whispered, “You’ve branded me.”
Mila wasn’t sure how to respond. If anything, he’d branded her. This big, gorgeous man was too much. Powerful, masculine, and irresistible. But she couldn’t keep him. She didn’t know him—wouldn’t know him. He lived in another state, and she didn’t want a man to take over her life like Paul tried to do.

* * * *

The warmth of the sun’s first rays woke Mila. She was still tangled in Phantom’s arms, his body warm and inviting, especially with his erection pressed against the crease of her ass. He held her like he never wanted to let her go.
Can I do this? Yes, I have to.
She gently lifted his arm and slipped from his embrace. He lay there, a temptation she needed to walk away from before she forgot to protect her heart.
They’d spent the night exploring each other. He made her feel things she hadn’t before—desired, cherished, wanted. She was in danger of falling for him if she gave in to her heart. The plan was no names, no faces, and no information. No regrets.
Sticking to her decision threatened to break her heart. She stood, watching as his arms curled around the pillow she had rested her head on. Steeling herself against unwanted emotions, she tracked down her costume, leaving the mask in place in case he woke up.
Before she could change her mind, Mila slipped through the door. She rushed back to Anthony’s place. It was too early to run into anyone on her walk of shame.
Truthfully, she didn’t feel shame. She felt sexy and powerful, with a thread of guilt for leaving without explanation. After a deep breath, she hurried up the stairs, and found the door unlocked.
Thank you, Barb.
Mila’s best friend sat on the couch, and probably hadn’t slept, waiting for her to show up. Barb could do carefree and reckless with the best of them. But after Mila left Paul, and tried to close everyone out, Barb pushed her way back in to make sure Mila didn’t shut down.
A relieved smile brightened Barb’s face. “How was Phantom?”
“Amazing, better than amazing. I think he ruined me for all other men. I’ve never had anyone that attentive. Oh my god, the man played my body like a concert pianist.”
Barb rolled her eyes. “You’ve only been with douchebag Paul, and dumbass Brad. Neither were good enough for you. I wish you’d figured out Paul’s game a lot sooner than you did. Then maybe you would have met Phantom years ago. He seems like a sweetheart.”
“I don’t know about that. He’s a sex god though, that’s for dang sure. He kept me up all night. Did things to me I hadn’t even imagined. I’m glad he was exhausted this morning, because he kept trying to convince me to remove my mask. I couldn’t do it,” she whispered the last as guilt pulled at her.
“Well, Anthony isn’t even sure who he is. Thought he was familiar. Still, he couldn’t give me a name. You’ll never know, unless you change your mind before we leave and go track him down.” She winked.
“No. Can’t. It was a one-time thing.” Mila sighed, finally taking the mask off. “Besides, I’m not like that normally. He’d get bored with me. It’s better this way.”
“Mila, that’s not true, not in the slightest.” Barb glared at her. “Being a teacher doesn’t mean you can’t have your fun.”
“Right, well, I can’t have a ton of these nights. So, let me take a shower, because I’m a mess, and sore in places I didn’t think I could be.” She grinned, remembering the way he filled her body. Those memories were going to last a lifetime.
“Are we in a rush to go home now?” Barb pouted.
“Yes. Besides, I need to be back for school tomorrow, and I have papers to grade.”
“You know I love you, but your alter ego is more fun.”
Chapter 1


Playful laughter outside his window woke Kyle. Their voices were feminine, a child and a woman. The sound brought a smile to his face.
He managed to sit up and look toward the house next door. Sure enough, his new neighbor was playing in the dirt with a little girl he hadn’t seen. He heard they’d moved in two days ago. The last 48 hours he’d been on shift at the firehouse, and hadn’t had a chance for introductions.
Muttering to himself, he tried to recall, “What did Ben say their names were?”
A glance at the clock revealed it was noon. Complaining about the noise was out of the question, not that he would. The strangely comforting sound called to him. Nice change from the constant bickering from the old residents. The home was foreclosed a few months back, forcing the Larkays to move. The new neighbors were a welcome improvement.
He moved closer to the window and smiled as he watched. She was pretty. Long dark brown curls haphazardly pulled into a ponytail, pale blue eyes an unusual contrast to her olive skin tone. She had some seriously nice legs, not that he could tell much else since she wore cutoffs that weren’t short enough in his opinion, and a loose t-shirt.
The kid was an adorable mini-mom with unruly pigtails, maybe five years old and happy as could be.
“Come on, punkin, you said you would help plant these flowers if I let you pick all of them.” The mom winked at her daughter, her smile genuine.
Kyle had a sense of déjà vu. That voice maybe. Hmm?
“I’ll get dirty,” the little one protested.
“Then you’ll have to take a bubble bath, and you love bath time, so help me. Please.” Mom batted her lashes and her girl giggled.
Too sweet. The exchange left him grinning.
Crashing on the couch with the window open worked in his favor. He was too exhausted after a grueling day of battling wildfires and passed out ten seconds after walking through the door. Had he made it to his room, he would have missed this warm feeling.
He took another look, and damn, but the woman was attractive. Her little girl made him smile as her hands landed sassily on her hips.
Munchkin sighed dramatically. “Can we have pizza tonight if I help?”
“Sure thing, bug. Now let’s get to it. You’re the one who wanted pink flowers,” Mom grumbled.
So Mommy wasn’t a fan of pink? He liked her already, the little girl too.
Damn it, what is her name?
Time to call Ben, the local realtor, and ask because he was too damned curious, and didn’t want to look like a jackass when he went over to help. 
First stop was a quick shower. He was still covered in soot, and smelled like a campfire.
Grabbing his phone, he hurried up the stairs and dialed his old friend.

* * * *

Cherish finally knelt down beside Mila, and helped dig the holes to plop the flowers into. Took some coaxing, and bribing, but that was all right. She was happy her little girl was keeping her end of the bargain after begging and pleading for the assortment of pink flowers.
Oh, she hated pink, but there wasn’t anything she wouldn’t do for her angel.
“Would you like some help, Miss Day?” a deep velvety voice asked.
Mila nearly jumped out of her skin, as she turned to find her neighbor smiling from behind the fence. The man she had seen exactly once in the last two days, and even then only in passing.
Her realtor had told her he was a fireman and worked wonky hours. Ben neglected to mention he was one of those firemen who should be on calendars.
Jeez, he was so brawny and yum he made her mouth water. It had been years since a man’s presence had much effect on her.
The grey firehouse t-shirt hugged a very impressive upper body. His smile showed off dimples that gave him a boyish charm, even with scruffy two-day beard growth. Smoky blue-grey eyes captivated her. The temptation to rub her hands over his short brown hair could get her in trouble if she gave in. Something about him rang a bell, but she couldn’t put a finger on what.
When she didn’t answer, he added, “I swear I’m a good neighbor. Not a creep. You can ask Mrs. Clevenger across the street.”
Blushing, Mila blinked and swallowed down her embarrassment to return his smile. “I don’t know your name, though you apparently know mine.”
“I thought we don’t talk to strangers, Mommy,” Cherish piped in with a frown.
“He’s our neighbor, honey, and the realtor told us he’s a fireman, so I think it’s okay this time.” She kissed Cherish’s cheek and stood up to go to the fence.
Directing her attention to him, she pulled off her gardening glove, offering her hand and a smile. “You can call me Mila.”
His big hand wrapped completely around hers, sending a spark that shivered through her body. He gave her a firm shake without crushing her fingers.
“Kyle Blake. It’s a pleasure” She could listen to that voice all day long.
Her little girl ran over with a big grin and put her hand out. “I’m Cherish Day, because Mommy cherishes me.”
His smile brightened as he looked down. “Why, hello there, Cherish. That certainly is a fitting name for such a pretty young lady.” He gently shook her hand.
Another point to the big charming fireman, and he was already racking them up. Her realtor mentioned he wasn’t married. Now she couldn’t help wondering why the hell not.
None of my business, and I’m certainly not one to judge.
Cherish giggled. “He’s nice Mommy. Can he help us?”
Mila’s eyes widened as she looked down at her daughter, who stared back with big puppy-dog eyes.
“Uh, sure.” She shrugged and met Kyle’s gaze. “If you don’t mind a little dirt or the color pink.” Her nose scrunched.
He laughed. “You don’t like pink?”
“I’m not that girly, no. Cherish loves it though. It’s her favorite color, as you can see.” She waved her hand at her girl’s vibrant pink ruffled skirt, paired with a hot pink shirt and sequined pink vest. Totally girly-girl, but it matched her personality.
“Pink certainly suits you, Cherish.” He winked and walked around the fence to join them. 
Nervous, which was unusual, Mila went back to digging holes.
Kyle knelt beside her. “Sorry I haven’t been very neighborly. Work has been hectic.”
“I can imagine with the wildfires nearby. Sounds like they were finally put out last night?” She looked over as he did and their gazes locked. The trace of desire in his eyes made her pulse race.
“Yeah, finally. But it’s been a few days of chaos. Your realtor happens to be a friend. He mentioned you drove here from Washington. Anyone besides you and your daughter?” he asked casually, obviously curious though.
Her eyes dropped back to the garden. “No one else. Her father’s not in the picture.”
“Bad news?”
How would she know? One-night stand at a Halloween party. She never even saw his face, never asked for a name, and it wasn’t like she planned for the condom to break. It was a wild night of abandon. And sure, at twenty-two she should have been on birth control but she stopped after she dumped her college boyfriend, thinking she wasn’t going that route again anytime soon. She had since learned her lesson, and stayed on the pill, no matter what. Not that she needed it, since she had only been with one man since Cherish was born, and that relationship had been short-lived.
Preparing for the worst, she whispered, “He’s never known, and I had no way of contacting him.”
“Oh.” Kyle frowned.
Mila took a breath and steeled herself against judgment as she looked into his eyes.
He surprised her with a warm smile. “Sorry.” Then he did one better and changed the topic. “So what do you do?”
“Teach. I’m starting at the high school tomorrow.” It was both exciting and nerve-wracking. New place, new students, and new challenges. She could hardly wait.
“And what is it you teach?” His dimples popped and his eyes sparkled.
So gorgeous, so tempting, and definitely not worth the trouble. She cleared her throat and answered, “Science, chemistry actually.”
He turned to Cherish and winked. “I bet your mom is incredibly smart.”
“The smartest ever.” She grinned at Kyle, then dug another hole.
Mila blushed. “I don’t know about that.”
“So what made you decide to move all the way down here?”
“I needed a change, and my aunt told me about an opening at the high school. Having a babysitter handy will be a huge help.”
Cherish bounced as she turned toward Kyle. “Aunt Dee is my favorite. She’s awesome, and makes the best cookies!”
“Deanna Rogers?” he asked with a raised brow, his blue-grey eyes sparkling.
“That would be her.”
“She’s close too. Down the road, and around the corner.”
“Yup, close, but not too close.” Mila reminded herself that he didn’t need to know, and wouldn’t care about her situation. Feeling stupid, she focused on planting. 
Kyle got busy, efficiently filling Cherish’s holes with flowers. In no time, they had everything planted.
“Bath time, bath time,” Cherish squealed.
“How long do her baths takes?” Kyle asked.
“Uh,” Mila frowned, concerned with the nature of the question as a million fears swirled through her head.
Clearly reading her worried expression, he held up his hands in alarm. “Oh no, I just thought I would get myself a mocha. There’s a café up the road. I was going to offer to bring you one, but didn’t want to be back before she was out of the tub. I swear, I only wanted to know how long to stall.” His panic washed away her doubt.
Relieved, Mila offered a weak smile. “That’s unnecessary. You’ve been a huge help with the flowerbed. I appreciate the offer though.”
“You do drink coffee, don’t you?”
She shrugged, she was more of a tea person. “It’s okay, really.”
He looked down at Cherish. “I was planning to bring you a creamsicle.”
Cherish perked up. “A what?”
“It’s an orange and vanilla drink, and super yummy. I’ll even get you whipped cream.” He winked. “Least I can do since you were so sweet and helped your mom with the gardening.”
“Mommy, please,” Cherish begged, dragging out the words.
 “Oh, all right. I guess I could use an iced chai.”
His head tipped to the side as he studied her. “Chai? Tea drinker?”
Mila nodded, trying to calm her thumping heart. Kyle was sweet, thoughtful, and clearly paid attention. He wasn’t at all what she expected, and definitely not what she was used to.
One dark eyebrow rose. “You lived in Seattle, the land of coffee on every corner, and you don’t drink coffee?”
Blushing, she shrugged. “Never liked the stuff.”
“Okay.” He grinned, slow and sexy. “She’ll be out and dressed in half-an-hour?”
“Yes, I’ll make sure of it,” she answered without thinking.
“Then I’ll see you shortly.” He dipped his head and strolled back to his house.
She stared after him a moment, wondering why she’d agreed.
He’s a friendly neighbor. Nothing more. Out of your league, and you aren’t playing anyway.
Mila took a deep breath and turned to Cherish. “All right, kiddo, bath time.”
Chapter 2


After cleaning up, Kyle walked down to the coffee shop. The same one he ran into Dee at about a month ago. She told him all about her niece moving up. He’d forgotten the conversation until he was standing at the counter.
Kyle walked into Novel Grounds, scrubbing a hand over his face. It was early, but he had to run a few errands.
Dee turned to him with a grin. “Hey, did you know the Larkays moved out last month?”
“Good riddance,” he mumbled. Any of his other neighbors and he would likely miss them, but the couple who lived next door were mean, nasty slobs who constantly bickered. Their arguments turned violent all too often.
Delight danced through her eyes. “You’re going to have a lovely new neighbor soon.”
Curiosity piqued, his brow arched. “And how would you know this?”
“Between the job opening at the high school, and our friendly neighborhood realtor, I managed to convince my favorite niece to move out here. With some work, the house will be perfect for her and her daughter.”
Kyle’s brow knit together. “No husband?”
“She’s never been married. Her precious little girl is the result of a one-night stand.”
Not one to judge, he smiled. “Raising a child on your own isn’t easy. I know Dad struggled with me after Mom passed away. She has my respect.”
“You’re such a great guy, Kyle. Too bad you aren’t twenty or so years older, or I would show you the benefits of having a real woman in your life.”
“One day I’ll find the right woman. Right now, I’m content on my own.”
Now he wondered if Dee was hoping he would be interested in her niece. He was, but based on the little he knew of her history, he had a feeling slow and easy was the way to her heart.
He took his time walking back to her place, and started up the porch steps exactly thirty minutes later. He gave the door one solid knock and waited.
A few seconds later, Mila opened with a smile. Her voice sent a shock of warmth through him. “Hey, Cherish is painting in the kitchen. Come on in.”
“Thanks.” He carried the tray to her counter. The paneling he remembered was gone, replaced with fresh paint in warm, inviting colors. Comfortable, but nice furniture. No clutter in sight. The house was a thousand times nicer than the Larkays had kept it.
He smiled over at Mila. “I like what you’ve done with the place.”
“Thank you. I visited when I first bought it, and contracted for some work to be done. Deanna helped with quite a bit. In fact, my aunt kept Cherish the first night so I could get everything situated.”
“You did a fine job. Your home is welcoming. And only two days? I’m impressed, you must be very organized.”
She laughed, her hands sliding in her pockets as she lifted a single shoulder in a shrug. “Yeah. Well, when you deal with a bunch of teenagers every day, it helps to be organized. I’m not a total neat freak, but I don’t like too much mess either.”
“Hey, nothing wrong with being tidy.” He handed her drink over, before taking Cherish a creamsicle with extra whipped cream.
“Here you go, kiddo.” He studied the painting. “Wow, you’re talented.”
Her whole face lit up. “Thank you.”
“You’re welcome.” He winked and stood back up with a smile for Mila.
“It was a pleasure meeting you, Mila.” He turned to Cherish, expression never dimming. “And you, too.”
The slight frown on Mila’s face was an unintentional jab. His heart fell. “What’s wrong?”
She looked down at her daughter’s painting. “Nothing, sorry. Planning, you know, mom stuff.” Her eyes met his, a blush on her cheeks.
He didn’t like the way she was shutting him out. He knew there was something wrong, and damn him, but he wanted to know what it was so he could fix it.
Stopping himself from touching her cheek, he dipped his head toward the door. “Right, well, I need to get to work, so I’ll catch you later. Thank you for the company today.”
“Thank you for the chai, and the help.” She walked him to the door. “Really, I appreciate it. So far I like the neighborhood.”
“We’re a friendly bunch. I hope to see more of you. Both of you. Cherish seems like a great kid.”
Her whole face lit up. “She is.”
“Enjoy your day, Mila. It was a pleasure to meet you.”
Her breath caught, and she answered, “You too, Kyle.”

* * * *

“Mommy, he’s cute.” Cherish giggled, skipping over two minutes after the door shut.
Like an idiot, Mila stood frozen, staring at the door, trying to figure out why it felt like she knew Kyle.
His voice, those hands.
Yeah, but I’m totally imagining things.
There is no way in hell.
Mentally shaking herself, Mila nodded. “He is.” More than that. Everything about Kyle was appealing. At least from what she'd seen.
No sense in thinking about the hot fireman next door. She wasn’t looking for a man. Besides, he probably had a following of beautiful women, not to mention a girlfriend.
“He’s really nice too.” Cherish batted her lashes, playing innocent, noisily slurping on her straw.
“Yes, but honey, we don’t know him.” And she was so far out of his league it was ridiculous.
“He likes you.”
“Doubtful. Why don’t you finish your drink, then go back to your art?” She gently turned Cherish, and led her back to the kitchen, hoping to drop the conversation. “So, you want pizza? What kind?”
“Yummy, pepperoni and olives.” She picked up her brush and looked at Mila. “But Mommy, Grandma says you need a man around.”
Or not. With a tight smile, Mila replied, “Grandma is wrong. We do fine on our own. Now let’s paint.”
Cherish shrugged a shoulder before focusing back on her paper-covered easel.

* * * *

“Why are we here?” Gavin asked as they stepped into Main Street Pies. “We did pizza last night.”
Kyle shrugged, not willing to admit he hoped he’d run into Mila again. He knew that was a move straight from high school, but he couldn’t help himself. He was drawn to the brunette with dazzling blue eyes.
He stared at his thumbnail when he answered, “Pizza sounds good and it’s my night to choose.”
“Yeah, okay, even though we had it last night,” Gavin grumbled. “I still want to know what has you all day-dreamy and shit. It’s not like you. Why are you chicking-out on me?”
Kyle punched Gavin. “Not chicking-out, dude. There’s stuff on my mind.”
“Oh god, here we go.” He turned to Kyle, crossing his arms over his chest. “Is it my sister? Has she been trying to get you back? Tell me you’re not going to be stupid and give her another opportunity to fuck with your head.”
“She’s never stopped trying since I left. Don’t worry, I’m not taking her back. I still don’t get why she expects me to quit a job I love only to take one I’ll hate. Yet, she leaves you alone.”
“Because she wants you to provide for her, and daddy would love it if you worked for him. Then maybe he could convince me to join you.” Gavin sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose. “You’ve known for years my father expects to get what he wants. Unfortunately, my sister inherited that gene.”
The chimes rang as the door opened. Then he heard a little girl’s squeal. “Mommy, Mommy, look, it’s Kyle! Can I go say hi?”
Mila laughed softly. “Sure, but it looks like he’s on duty, so don’t bug him.”
He couldn’t help grinning as he turned toward them.
Cherish came charging over and stopped, bouncing in front of him with the biggest smile he’d ever seen. “Good evening, Cherish,” he looked up at her mother, “and you too, Mila.”
Simple, yet stunning. Her hair was tied up in a loose knot, and she wore jeans with a black fitted t-shirt. Long and lean, but had curves where a woman should.
There was a shy note to her voice. “Hi. Thank you again, for the help earlier, and the drinks.”
Internally smacking himself, he forced his eyes to hers. “Anytime.”
“I see,” Gavin muttered under his breath, a sly grin on his face. “The new neighbor?”
Kyle shot him a dirty look before kneeling down, “Hey Cherish, how are you and your mom doing?”
She clasped her hands and shifted side-to-side, batting her lashes. “Good. She thinks you’re cute.”
Adorable.
He glanced up to see Mila flush deeper, and winked. “Thanks.” He ruffled Cherish’s hair and stood up with a nod at his buddy. “This is Gavin, a longtime friend. He has a daughter about your age.”
“You do?” she asked, directing her attention to Gavin.
A thought occurred to him, and he couldn’t help himself. “Maybe this weekend I’ll barbeque and have everyone over.”
Cherish bounced again, tugging on Mila’s hand. “Can we, can we?”
Mila’s mouth fell open as she met his gaze. She blustered, “Oh, I don’t want to impose.”
“Not at all. I enjoy grilling, and I like having company over.” Hoping to calm her nerves, he glanced to his oldest friend. “What do you say, Gavin? You and Cadence busy Saturday?”
“Nope, we’ll be there, with Jenny.” Gavin grinned at Cherish. “My daughter was telling me about the new girl in class. Said you two were best friends.”
Cherish nodded, looking up at Mila. “I told you about her, Mommy. She’s nice, and likes the swings. Can we go? Please?” She stretched the last word out, begging with big blue eyes.
“You did, and if everyone’s going to be there, then I suppose it doesn’t hurt to go over.” She looked nervous as her attention switched to Kyle. “That is, if you’re sure?”
“Absolutely, I’m sure. It’ll be fun.”
“I’ll bring some dessert, maybe pie?” Mila blushed again.
Cherish tugged her hand, and Mila looked down. “Make your cherry pie, it’s the best.” Then Cherish beamed up at him. “It’s so yummy. You will love it.”
Gavin coughed back his laugh, and Kyle was tempted to punch him.
Instead, he nodded. “Sounds delicious.”
“I think you’re up.” Mila nodded at the counter.
“Thanks.” Kyle turned to order the pizza.

* * * *

“So,” Gavin started in a conspiratorial whisper, “you’re Kyle’s brand new neighbor? He mentioned there was someone moving in the other day.”
“Yup, that’s me.” Mila nodded, feeling uncomfortable.
“Just you and Cherish?”
She nodded again. “Mmhmm.”
“Kyle is a great guy. If you need help with something, he won’t hesitate to give a hand.”
Those hands, and an image of similar big hands, flashed through her mind. Swallowing hard she pushed that memory as far back as she could.
“I’m sure he is,” Mila answered simply.
Cherish piped in, “Mommy said he was cute.”
Mila closed her eyes and took a deep breath. Looking down, she patted her daughter’s head. “Cherish told me he was cute, I didn’t disagree. She also told me he was nice, and so far that seems to be true. My little rugrat likes to overshare.”
“She’s five, they all do. Don’t be embarrassed. She’s darling.”
“Thanks.”
Kyle shot Gavin a dark look and nodded toward the door. “Come on, Gav, Let’s get these down to the firehouse while they’re hot.” Kyle made eye contact and gave her a smile that was much too inviting. “Catch you later, Mila, Cherish.”
Catch? That left her with intriguing images, but she wasn’t about to go there. She waved. “Later.”
“Don’t forget my pepperoni and olive pizza.” Cherish giggled.
Forcing herself to turn toward the counter, and not watch Kyle walk out, she grinned at Cherish. “I wouldn’t dream of it.”
Chapter 3


Kyle stepped outside and stretched his legs, breathing in the cool air. It might be cloudy, but the breeze would help during his morning run.
He needed to get his mind off his latest naughty teacher dream. Awake or asleep, Mila occupied every thought. Kyle couldn’t get her out of his head.
Might help if he stopped running into her every chance he got. All his fault, of course. He’d taken note of her schedule and kept showing up where she would be. Catching a glimpse could fuel hours of fantasies.
It wasn’t enough. He wanted to hear her voice. Needed to see a real smile, ideally directed at him. First he needed get past her defenses and get to know the real woman.
They kept playing tug-of-war, and she was winning. Kyle would pull her in, and get her to open up a tiny bit before Mila pulled away. He followed, and sometimes she’d let him pull her back, allowing him in for another moment before pulling back again. Other times, she’d let go of the rope and walk away. She always picked the rope back up though, eventually, fueling his hope.
Kyle started down the driveway, his feet hitting pavement. He turned toward her house. The corners of his mouth lifted as he caught sight of Mila ushering Cherish into the back of her Passat.
As usual, Mila seemed to tame her sexy side for school. It didn’t stop the boys in her class from watching her every move. 
He’d know—and he was starting to feel like a stalker—because the firehouse was right next to the school, her classroom across from the workout room. These days he spent even more time in the gym, pathetic or not.
For school, Mila appeared to be going for boring. Blouses that covered everything, and her plain slacks did nothing to hide her firm, round ass. Her long luscious locks were twisted into a bun at the back of her head. There wasn’t a trace of makeup on her face, not that she needed it.
Having been a teenager himself, he had a good idea of what the boys in her class thought. They ogled her, or stared, probably drooled in some cases. Her conservative dress did nothing to stop the attention.
Mila hurried Cherish, “Come on, love, we’re going to be late. We already had to change your coat.”
Cherish pouted. “Ah, Mom. I didn’t mean to spill my juice.”
“You aren’t in trouble, but we need to go, munchkin. So let’s get moving.”
“Oh look, it’s Kyle.” Cherish lit up.
Unable to resist either one of them, he jogged toward her car. “My two favorite neighbors. Morning, ladies.” He came to a stop next to Mila. “You should listen to your mom. She does know best.”
“See, your favorite fireman agrees with me. So get your belt on.” Mila reached in to tickle her, causing her burst out in giggles, but she did as told.
“Bye Kyle. See you later, at school.” Cherish waved and clicked the belt over her booster seat.
“Bye.” Shutting the door, he turned to Mila.
Her eyes narrowed. “Why are you going to be at her school later?”
Yup, he had a thing for mama-bear. “Gavin and I are going for career day. We’ll be visiting each class.”
A tiny smile graced her lips. “Oh, cool.” She fidgeted with the hem of her sweater as she looked down at her feet. “Good luck. That’s a lot of five-year-olds.” Raising her head, he saw mischief dance through her eyes as she stepped toward the car.
“Wait,” Kyle pleaded.
With a sigh, she pointedly checked her watch.
He took a breath. “I know you’re in a hurry, but I wanted to tell you I’m looking forward to seeing you tomorrow.”
Her breath caught, as she started to shake her head. “If I’ve given you the wrong impression, I’m sorry, Kyle. Cherish is my—”
He held up his hands. “Not in the slightest. I like to count my neighbors as my friends.” He sure as hell wanted more than friendship, but he understood she needed to trust him first. Honestly, as frustrating as she was for holding him at a distance, he admired the way she consistently put her daughter first.
“All right. Sorry I jumped to conclusions.” She reached for the handle, trying to fight a frown.
So she was thinking about more, but probably telling herself not to. “Hey, I never said I wasn’t interested, but you moved in last week, started a new job, and hardly know me. First, I want to be your friend. Down the line, we can explore what’s between us.”
Now she did frown. “Look, I really need to go. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“If you don’t run into me before then,” he teased.
Her head dipped in a nod as she opened the door. “Right. Enjoy your run. We’ve got to go. I don’t want Cherish to be late.”
“Don’t work too hard,” he called as he backed toward the sidewalk.
A smile lifted her lips as she waved.

* * * *

End of the day, and Cherish was staying the night at Auntie Dee’s, leaving Mila alone. She was preparing to grade papers, the only part of her job she didn’t love, when her phone rang as she arranged her laptop and work on the porch.
Her mother’s number came up on the screen and she felt a smidge guilty for not calling more often, but she didn’t want to hear any more pleading to come back home.
Forcing a smile, hoping it would cheer her tone, Mila answered, “Hi, Mom. How are you doing?”
“I miss you, and Cherish. I want you both to come back. It’s not the same with you so far away.”
Here we go again.
Mila took a slow breath, shaking her head. “Mom, I can’t come back. I love my new job. The school is fantastic. Cherish has friends already. Everything is going great. I needed this change.” She needed her independence, and her mother was trying to stifle it.
“You’ll never look for a man out there. You need a decent man in your life.”
She groaned. “No, Mom. I don’t. But think about it this way. I might find one out here without you constantly intervening and thrusting potential candidates at me. One who actually cares about my little girl as much as I do. Every man you send my way bails the second he figures out I have Cherish.”
“I’ll find you the right man.”
“No. You don’t get it. I don’t want one. Cherish and I have a great life. And you know how most people only find love once they stop looking for it? Didn’t you and Dad fall in that category?”
“You need someone to take care of you, Mila. I don’t want you to be lonely like your aunt.”
Aunt Dee wasn’t lonely. Sure, she was divorced and raised two kids mostly on her own, but she was happy, and made it work. Dee understood Mila better than her mother ever did.
“Hey, I enjoy taking care of myself. Why can’t you accept that? Cherish and I are doing really well out here.”
Mom sighed. “All right. What are you doing?” 
She couldn’t help a laugh. “Grading papers. Cherish is at Dee’s so I can get this done tonight and have the weekend free to spend time with my girl.”
“I’ll let you get back to work then, as long as you promise to at least try to meet a man.”
“I am meeting men, but I’m not trying to date right now. The school year started this week. Give me some time to settle in.”
“Fine, go back to work. Love you, Mila.”
“Love you too.” Hanging up, she set the phone, and her mother’s worries, aside. Mila had long since given up on the concept of a man in her life.
She had only let one man that close, and he destroyed her faith in men and finding a happily ever after. She had everything she wanted. Her little girl, and a job she loved.
Thanks to her mother’s call, her mind kept drifting back to the day Paul trampled her dreams of marriage.
Paul took her into his arms with a smile that always unsettled her. It generally meant he was about to suggest something he knew she wasn’t interested in. Their relationship had been on thin ice for weeks.
He placed a kiss on her lips. “You’re going to marry me, Mila.” It wasn’t a question, but an expectation.
“Excuse me?”
He didn’t pause, “You’re going to give up your student teaching program at the end of the semester, and move with me to New York. You’ll be my wife. You won’t need to teach.”
She pushed him away. “No. That’s not happening. I’ve worked too hard to give up my dream.”
He laughed out loud, an ugly smirk on his face. “You will. You’ll never get anywhere as a teacher. Why waste your life?”
Shaking her head, she backed away, anger flowing through her veins. “You really don’t understand me, do you? You never did.” A bitter laugh escaped her lips. “If you think I’ll be some trophy wife, we’re through.”
“You’ll throw your perfect future with me away to keep your silly, miniscule dreams?”
“Yeah, we’re through. Get out.”
“I’ll change your mind.”
“No. You won’t. I said, get out!”
He left, and never looked back. 
A week later, he replaced her with a woman she considered her friend. And a week after, Leslie drove the final nail into the coffin that was her relationship with Paul.
One day after class, Leslie stopped her, and coyly asked, “You aren’t upset I’m with Paul now?”
She was, but mostly with herself for not figuring out what a self-serving prick Paul was all along. She refused to give either one of them the satisfaction of her discomfort.
With a smile, she shook her head. “I’m sure you’ll make each other very happy.”
“Then, will you be my maid of honor?” She flashed a ring with a giant rock.
It wasn’t pain that hit her, but a void. She felt nothing. “I’m happy for you, Leslie, and I wish you two the best, but I won’t be going to your wedding.” She walked away and made it a point to avoid both of them after that.
Feeling lonely, which she would never admit to her mother, and only because Cherish was away, she took a sip of her beer. It was time to push the past away, and focus on work.
My Darkest Days played quietly on her laptop. She had a system—grade and file. In no time, she was too focused to be melancholy.
“Hey, Mila.” Kyle’s deep velvety voice startled her.
Jumping, she swore under her breath.
“Sorry.” He chuckled, the sound tantalizing, and like usual, made her wonder what his breath would feel like against her ear.
Trying to ignore the desire that only appeared in Kyle’s presence, she replied, “Uh, hi. What’s up?”
Do I really sound that moronic?
“I noticed you out here and was curious if you were alone? And wondered if you were hungry?”
“Cherish is at Dee’s. I have the whole night to tackle the never ending work of a teacher—grading papers.” She avoided the second question altogether.
At least until he gave her a pleading look. “Hungry?”
She felt silly for hesitating. There he was, perfectly sweet, respectful, and he definitely fit all her wildest fantasies. It wouldn’t kill her to get to know her neighbor. He was a gentleman, and had yet to do anything more than some mild flirting. Where was the harm in a friendly meal?
“What did you have in mind?”
His eyes sparkled with pleasure. “I was thinking of heading down to the diner. A friend owns it. They have great food.”
“Sure. Let me clean up.” She quickly sorted the papers into the proper folders before shutting the lid, closed her laptop, and set it on top of the plastic filing crate.
He cleared his throat. “Mind if I join you over there?”
“Not at all.” She picked up her beer and thumbed the lip of the bottle.
When she turned around, Kyle had closed the distance and wore an amused tilt to his full lips. “Guinness? You drink Guinness?”
Mila let out a soft laugh. “I do. I don’t drink much, but Cherish is away, so I had one.” In fact, only half, and she decided to finish it off. Tipping the bottle back, she drank the rest and set it down.
Kyle watched her like a predator. The heat in his gaze sent a shiver down her spine. His voice, though casual, was seductive. “Maybe later we can have another. If you’d like.”
“We’ll see. I don’t usually go to bars, don’t go out much at all, really. Dinner is fine, and if they serve beer there, I might consider a second.”
“They do, and that works. Why no bars though?” he asked, obviously curious.
“I have Cherish, and work for the school district. Last thing I want to do is give anyone the wrong impression.”
“Makes sense, but the local bar does have karaoke, a dance floor, and pool tables. The purpose is not to get drunk. I tend to hang out with my friends, and enjoy a beer, maybe two. A few of the teachers go there on the weekends, so no one would think anything of it.”
“I didn’t mean to imply…”
“Oh no, don’t. I didn’t take it that way, Mila.” His eyes dropped to the ground, and when he looked back up at her, it was through his lashes. “I don’t want you uncomfortable around me, and I’m attempting to build a solid case convincing you to join me one night when Deanna has Cherish again, and you don’t have stacks of schoolwork to grade.”
“Sorry.” She glanced away, wanting to kick herself. “It’s not that.”
“It’s okay. Relax. I promise just dinner, a beer if you’d like, and we’ll head back. In fact, Verna’s Diner is down the road. It’s a lovely night to walk, if you don’t mind.”
Maybe that would clear her head, and she could stop putting her foot in her mouth for a few minutes.
“I’d like that.” She picked up the tub and laptop, glancing at the bottle a second.
He swiped it up with a grin. “Let me help.” He moved to the door and slid it open.
Mila couldn’t help admiring how the worn jeans molded over his delicious ass. With a couple days of beard growth, and plain t-shirt, he looked rugged but inviting.
Dangerous. I don’t need a playmate. He needs to stay my friendly neighbor.
She took the box to her desk and came back to the kitchen where he waited.
His eyes locked on hers as she walked back, never wavering. Her breath hitched, her brain kicking into overdrive imagining those big hands wrapped around her waist as he backed her into the counter, his lips descending on hers.
Shutting down her wayward libido, she nodded to the front door. “You ready?”
A slow smile spread on his lips as he nodded. “Indeed.”
Chapter 4


Kyle liked Mila buttoned up, or dressed down. He especially liked the way the tank hugged her body, and how her jeans slung low, but wished the tank didn’t go past the waistband. Her hair was down, silken dark chocolate curls that brushed the top of her ass. She was tall, slender, but still had curves he wanted to explore.
He was having trouble getting his mind back in the game as he followed her to the door.
She paused, half-turned, and looked up the stairs. “I should go grab my sweater.”
“Nah, it’s a laidback diner and we’re walking. You won’t be cold.”
She turned toward him, chewing her lip as a blush colored her cheeks. “Okay. It is pretty warm.”
Switching directions, Mila stepped outside and he followed. She locked the door.
Then he realized why he knew the song that was playing when he stepped onto the porch. One brow arched as she turned to him.
He had to know. “One question. Were you listening to ‘Porn Star Dancing’?”
A single corner of her mouth lifted as she pressed a finger to her lips. “I like My Darkest Days, but don’t tell anyone.”
He laughed. “Don’t worry, your secret is safe with me. I happen to like them too, but why so softly?”
“Didn’t want to disturb anyone, and this way I could hear it, but no one else could.”
“Very considerate, but you wouldn’t have disturbed me,” he promised.
Blushing, she looked away. “I’ll remember that, but you aren’t my only neighbor.”
“You know, you aren’t fooling anyone, Miss Day.”
Her brow wrinkled as they started walking. She looked over at him with the most peculiar frown. He wanted to smooth his fingers over her lips, forcing her to smile.
“What, on earth, are you talking about?”
He grinned. “When I’m in the weight room at the firehouse—which happens to be across from your classroom—I’ve noticed the boys drooling over you. How do you deal with that?”
Rolling her eyes, she shook her head. “Ignore it. They’re teenagers, and you know how their hormones are.” A soft laugh escaped her lips. “They’re harmless.”
“Maybe, but for the record, I can’t blame them for admiring you. You are absolutely stunning, even when you button yourself up, and hide your gorgeous hair.” He caught a lock between his fingers briefly. Silkier than he imagined, and he wanted to bury his hands her mane.
A smile lit her face but she dropped her gaze. “Thanks, but I’m nothing special.”
Nothing special? The woman was a walking wet dream. Her mouth begged to be tasted, and her big, pale blue eyes were heart-stopping. And the curves she attempted to hide… “You do own a mirror, or two, right?”
Mila huffed.
He shook his head. “You can’t possibly think you’re unattractive.”
Taking a slow breath, she stared straight ahead, clearly uncomfortable. “I’m not ugly, no. But I’m not interested in attention. I’m happy with Cherish.”
He smiled back at her, his tone light. “No harm in taking an honest compliment. I’m only telling it like I see it.” The mild version. The questions spun back up. Why in the hell is she so reserved? What’s her story?
She nibbled her lip as her eyes slid over. There was blush on her face. “Thanks, and I’ve noticed the girls watching you while you’re out in the yard. I’m sure you have more than your fair share of admirers.” She grinned.
Kyle couldn’t argue. He was active, stayed in shape, and was presented to the community as a hero more times than he could count. Honestly, he would prefer less attention from everyone. Mila being the exception.
Redirecting her with a gentle hand on her arm, he pulled her toward the diner door, opening it with a smile. “We’re here.”
As they stepped inside, he nodded to the lady behind the counter.
“Hey, Verna. This is Mila Day, the new teacher down at the high school. Mila, Verna makes the best cobbler in town.”
“Hi, pleasure to meet you.” Mila offered her hand.
Verna took it with a wide smile. “All mine, I’m sure. My son, James, has a new love for science, thanks to you. It was his worst subject last year.”
Mila nodded, her eyes sparkling. “James simply needed an extra push.”
Her head cocked to the side as her brow arched. “He went from timid and hoping to find the answers to digging for them. He has a better understanding of how to work through a problem, and that applies to more classes than science.”
“He’s a smart kid who needed a new way to look at a problem. I’m happy I could help.” Her eyes drifted back to Kyle.

* * * *

Mila looked to Kyle, silently begging him to politely change the topic.
Verna seemed to catch the hint. With a wave toward a booth, she pleaded, “Oh, don’t mind me. I’m sure you two are hungry. Come have a seat.” Grabbing a couple menus, she brought them to a table by the window.
Once seated, Kyle asked, “Still interested in a dark beer? There’s a local brewery. They make something you might like.”
“Sure. Sounds good.” Mila smiled up at Verna.
“One for me too, please,” Kyle added.
Verna dipped her head in acknowledgement. “Go ahead and look at the menu. I’ll be right back.”
Kyle chimed in with, “Their burgers are the best. The clubs are excellent. Everything is fantastic.”
Nodding, she looked down at the menu, because she was nervous. It wasn’t a date, but was starting to feel like it with the way he caught her gaze as often as he could. Still, he kept his hands to himself. She wasn’t sure if she should be relieved or disappointed, but was leaning toward the latter.
Mila set her menu aside, wondering for the dozenth time since he’d shown up in her yard, why she agreed to go with him. Sure, it beat fixing her own dinner. Cooking for one sucked. She didn’t mind cooking when Cherish was home. When she was alone, she generally heated something up.
“Already choose?” Kyle asked.
She nodded as Verna came over with beer and water. Once she had their orders, she left the table with a knowing smile.
Mila took a sip of her beer. “Mmm, I like this.”
“Sometimes the best things are from the small, local places.”
“Let me guess, you know someone who works at the brewery?”
“Yeah, but it’s not a big town, and I know a lot of people.”
“I can imagine.”
A prissy voice interrupted, “Fancy meeting you here, Kyle.”
Mila looked up to find a statuesque blond standing at the end of the table. Her attention was focused on Kyle who hadn’t bothered to look at the other woman.
“If you would excuse us, Rene, I’m with someone, as you can see.”
Rene’s arms crossed over her chest, undeterred. “I was hoping to talk you into joining me tonight. I’m going to a party for Dad’s firm.”
“I’m not interested,” he answered blandly, directing his attention back to Mila. “I apologize for the interruption.”
“No need,” Mila replied mildly. She was tempted to slip out of the booth and let the conversation happen without her presence.
The blond looked over, studying her with a smirk. “This is obviously not a date. I’m sure your friend wouldn’t mind if you leave with me.”
His tone turned downright frigid. “I’m not interested in leaving with you, Rene. You’re still trying to manipulate me into being what you want. I have the best job in the world as far as I’m concerned. You can’t accept that, so find someone willing to play by your rules.”
“You’re everything I want, Kyle. You simply need a realistic job.”
His fiery gaze cut up to the rude blond. “I have a realistic job. One I love, and won’t ever give up. Same as your brother. Goodnight, Rene.”
“You’re wasting your life, Kyle,” she spat before turning to walk out the door.
He shook his head, taking a slow breath. “I’m sorry about Rene. She seems to think the world revolves around her.” One shoulder lifted in a shrug.
Mila knew all about people wanting to control her life. “Don’t worry about it. I know the type.”
His head tilted to the side. “How so?”
“I was with a guy in college. He thought I should give up my teaching degree, move to New York, and play trophy wife. That didn’t go over so well. I left.”
“At least he wasn’t in your town after that.” He leaned back with a sigh. “I was with Rene for two years. She kept trying to convince me to work with her dad.”
“Sorry,” Mila offered.
“What gets me is that her brother is a fireman. Gavin has been my best friend for as long as I can remember. Their step-father was also a fireman, and a much better dad than her real father.”
“Don’t know what to tell you, other than you’re better off without her. You have a great job. One not everyone can do. So what if it doesn’t make you the most money? It makes you happy, and you seem pretty comfortable.”
His eyes delved into hers, a slow smile spreading on his face. “Same can be said of you. By all accounts, I hear you’re a great teacher.”
She couldn’t stop herself from lighting up. “So I’m told. I love science, and it’s exciting to help kids discover they like it better than they thought.”
“See, that right there makes your job worthwhile.”
She melted into the warmth in his eyes. They had a lot more in common than she initially assumed, making her attraction harder to ignore.
Their meal came and the conversation died down while they ate in companionable silence.
Chapter 5


Mila was a mystery. Quiet and reserved at first, maybe even suspicious, but once she opened up and started talking about her passions, she was delightful.
Kyle couldn’t understand what kind of asshat would ever let her go. Why would someone ask her to give up her dreams and be content doing nothing. There were a hundred questions on the tip of his tongue, but he wasn’t sure where to start.
She pushed her plate away and met his eyes with a smile on her lips.
The dam broke and words rushed out. “So, this guy you were with, what happened to him?”
Mila winced slightly, but put on a brave face. “What guy?”
“Cherish’s father?”
Her eyes darted out the window as her hands folded on the table. Looking back, she lifted a shoulder in a resigned shrug. The words were quiet. “I had a one-night stand, and never saw him again. He was from out of town. I didn’t even get his name, so it’s not like I can look him up.” Her eyes closed as she finished her admission. “A condom broke, and at the time I didn’t think much of it. I know, stupid, but it was my first and last one-night stand.” She seemed to hold her breath, waiting for his response.
He placed his hand on hers with a warm smile. “Your little girl is amazing. It’s that guy’s loss.”
She opened her eyes wide, then shook her head. “Wasn’t his fault. I could have asked for a name, I could have done things different…” She looked away as she trailed off.
He lightly squeezed her fingers. “So could he. It’s in the past though. You did nothing wrong.”
She let out a sad laugh. “I feel bad Cherish doesn’t have a father. It’s not fair, but I don’t know how to fix it at this point.”
“Life isn’t always fair, but your daughter has turned out perfect. Obviously, you’re a great mother.” He could see it in their relationship. Mila was everything to that little girl, and gave her all the attention she deserved.
“Thanks. Part of the reason I don’t do bars, or a lot of drinking, is because of that night. Don’t get me wrong—I wouldn’t trade Cherish for the world, and I wouldn’t give up that one night, but I don’t want to find myself in the same position again.”
“Okay, I get that, but I can’t see you as terribly irresponsible. Life happens. Seems to me you’ve made the best of your situation.”
“Yeah, I have. She’s happy, and that makes everything worth it.” Her eyes shone with love as she ran her finger around the rim of her glass. “There’s nothing I wouldn’t do for her.”
“That’s what moms do.”

* * * *

On the way home, Kyle nudged her shoulder. “I have some double chocolate fudge ice cream, if you want a treat before heading home. If not, no big deal.”
Still have all those papers to grade. Plus, he makes me crave things I haven’t wanted in years, and really don’t need.
None of that stopped her mouth from watering—not only for chocolate—her brain clearly ignoring reason. What harm could dessert and friendly conversation be? Despite a walk down memory lane, she enjoyed the evening, and wasn’t ready to part ways.
Looking back at him, she nodded slightly. “Sure.”
His eyes locked on hers, his dimples deepening. “All right then.”
The desire to reach out and trace the sexy indent beside tempting lips drew her. A dozen reasons saying no was the wise move filled her head.
Pulling herself together, she amended, “But not for long. Okay?”
“An ice cream cone, and then I’ll see you home. That’s all.” He gave her a slight bow and nodded toward his driveway. “Your virtue is safe with me.”
She couldn’t stop the giggle. “You’ve done nothing wrong. I’m sorry if I tend to be overly cautious. I haven’t been around a lot of decent men, besides my brother and dad.”
“I always wanted a brother, or a sister. What’s your brother like?”
“Mason is amazing. He’s a cop, like my dad was.” She looked away as he opened the door.
Once they were both inside, he asked, “Was? What happened to your dad?”
Her eyes landed on a picture of Kyle and a man who could only be his father. A soft smile pulled at her lips. “He passed away a couple years before Cherish was born. He would have understood.”
He turned to her, his head tilted to the side. “Understood what?”
She flinched, realizing she shouldn’t have taken the conversation there, but now she had to explain. “Don’t get me wrong. I love my mom, but we don’t always see eye-to-eye. She never understood my decision to keep Cherish when I wasn’t married, and couldn’t name the father. Those conversations were the hardest.”
A look of outrage flashed across his face as his hands clenched into fists.
Mila sighed, lifting a shoulder in a shrug. “She’s very old-school where marriage and kids are concerned. Once Cherish was born, she loved her completely. Her new mission in life became finding me a husband.”
She let out a bitter laugh. “She hasn’t figured out that most men want nothing to do with me once they realize I’m a single mother. The ones who do, like to remind me of my so called mistake. Cherish is my world, so they can all go to hell.”
His hands flexed and his nostrils flared before relaxing. “How anyone can see a child as a mistake is beyond me. They sound like assholes unworthy of you, or Cherish.”
Warming further to Kyle, she smiled. “I agree.”
His tone softened. “For the record, some of us don’t find your situation to be a detraction.”
She felt her face scrunch up as she tried to think of a response that was neither bitchy nor a wistful teenaged sigh.
He reached over to squeeze her hand, sending sparks all the way through her system. “I’m simply stating facts, Mila. A lot of men don’t know an amazing woman when she’s staring them in the eye.” Then he stopped and looked at her with wide eyes, “Don’t take that the wrong way. I wasn’t making a move.”
Relieved, and slightly disappointed, the tension flowed from her shoulders. “No worries. Thanks for listening.”
“Anytime. I mean that too. Don’t hesitate to come over if you want to hang out. Feel free to bring Cherish. You both make great company.”
“Thanks…” She frowned, but attempted not to dwell on the mixed signals.
One minute he seemed interested, but the next, he backtracked. Mila didn’t know what to think, but tried to take comfort in the fact she wasn’t looking for anything. Though a small voice in the back of her head told her she could make an exception for the fireman with a big heart.
Changing the subject, she blushed slightly. “Does everyone like cherry pie? It’s Cherish’s favorite.” She rolled her eyes. “If you haven’t noticed, she often gets her way. When I can, I let her have it, but she generally deserves special treatment.”
Amusement danced through his eyes. “I love cherry pie, and a happy little girl is always a bonus. I’m sure it’s going to be great. I honestly don’t remember the last time I had homemade pie.”
One corner of her mouth lifted, as she remembered his earlier offer. “We have treats fairly often. Not every night, and not usually a ton, but I do enjoy baking with Cherish. If you have a sweet tooth, you can come over and get a bite. There are always cookies stashed somewhere, if nothing else.”
He licked his lips. “I’ll keep it in mind.”
Forcing herself to move, she took in the living room. Custom work on the molding, the banister, even some of the furniture was handmade, and all of it lovely.
After running her fingers over one of the shelves, she turned to find him watching her. Her voice was breathy. “You have a beautiful home. Did you do all this yourself?”
“Most of it. I like to work with my hands. It’s a hobby of mine.”
“I’m impressed.” Kyle was so different than she expected. Sweet, caring, funny, and especially easy to be around. She craved his company more than she wanted to admit.
“It’s a relaxing way to spend a quiet Sunday.”
“Now I know who to talk to when I decide to remodel,” she teased.
“I’ll remind you of that if you try any do-it-yourself projects without me.” He moved to the fridge and took down the ice cream before reaching into the pantry for chocolate-dipped cones. “One scoop or two?”
“Only one. I need to get back to work on those papers. I’m trying to knock out as many as I can tonight so I don’t have to worry about them on Sunday.”
His brow arched as he made eye contact. “Religious reasons? Or want a day to yourself?”
“I like having a day off here and there. Don’t get me wrong, I love my job, but grading papers will never be the fun part.”
He chuckled. “I’m sure it’s not. I can only imagine how great it must feel to see a kid catching on to something they didn’t understand. Tommy, from across the street, is excited about science for the first time in forever. Or so he tells me.”
“What? You were talking to one of my kids?” She nibbled her lip, wondering why it seemed he showed up everywhere. Not that she was complaining. In fact, the opposite was true, she was flattered for some lame reason. But a piece of her kept waiting for Kyle’s not-so-good side to come out.
“He saw me helping with your flowers over the weekend, and asked me what I thought of you.”
Her breath caught, her eyes widening. “And you said?”
He grinned. “I told him you must be an excellent teacher, because you were certainly a loving and attentive mother. Then he proceeded to tell me everything Verna told you tonight. Students thrive in your class.”
“I don’t know about all that. They’re all smart kids, well behaved. Better than the kids back home. They weren’t terrible, but it was a rougher neighborhood, with some territorial violence. Not gangs per se, but cliques that were far rougher than they should be.” She felt the heat in her cheeks and had to mentally put the brakes on her runaway rambling streak.
“Tommy seems to believe you’re the best teacher he’s ever had, and he’s not prone to exaggeration.” He brought her one scoop of ice cream, while he ate two. “There’s more if you want it. I always have ice cream around for when my sweet tooth acts up.”
That made her giggle. “Yeah, well you can’t tell by the looks of you.”
“Oh?” One eyebrow rose. “And what makes you say that?”
“All that muscle.” The heat rose in her cheeks. “Not that I’ve been looking, but it’s pretty obvious you keep in shape.” She wished she could hide her face without making the blush more obvious.
“Why, thank you. You don’t do too bad yourself. I’m guessing you have some kind of program to keep yourself fit?”
“Yeah, yoga. Cherish does it with me, I swear that little monkey’s better at it than I am.” A nervous laugh escaped her lips.
He moved closer, his eyes locking on hers. “I don’t know about that, but the kid has some moves. I caught sight of her dancing in the yard the other day. Where did she learn to dance?”
She nibbled her bottom lip. “We like to dance, but I do it behind closed doors and drapes so I don’t make a fool of myself. We turn on videos and have super-secret dance parties.” She fanned herself, feeling her cheeks flame.
“Mila, you move with grace. I’m sure your dancing is anything but clumsy. In fact, I’m betting it’s a blast. One day, when I have kids, I’ll dance with them, without the drapes closed.”
“Yeah, well, you can show off and probably not look like a fool. Not so much for me.”
His eyes narrowed, as he took another step closer. “Why do you beat yourself up? Now don’t take this the wrong way, you’re beautiful, no denying it. I get dressing conservatively as a teacher. And I get not making a big fuss about clothes and makeup, because frankly you don’t need them. But you act like you aren’t worth the attention, and woman, you most certainly are. You’re funny, delightful, and easygoing. A joy to be around. So why put yourself down?” He moved closer, leaning against the island, next to the stool she was perched on.
“I don’t,” she protested, but one dark brow rose. “Much?”
“A lot,” Kyle replied.
“Fine.” She sighed. “Look, I’m not interested in attention. I don’t need it, so I don’t put effort into drawing it.”
He shook his head slowly. “Where the hell are you from? Because honestly, Mila, you’re stunning without the effort. Maybe more because you don’t seem to see yourself the way everyone else does.” 
“Some place where they put more value on appearance than they should.” She took the last bite of her cone.
“I’m glad you’re here now.” 
The desire in his eyes made her nervous. She steered the conversation to safer territory even though she knew the answer. “What time is the barbeque?”
His head tipped to the side. “Five.”
“And should I bring more than dessert?”
“Dessert is plenty. You don’t even have to do that.” He gave her an inviting smile. Then his tongue expertly licked a drop of ice cream from the cone before putting the last bite in his mouth. Seeing the pink tip flooded her body with need.
“Right,” she squeaked, “I should go, still have work to do. Thank you again.”
“Want me to walk you home?” He moved closer, crowding her. The way his eyes devoured her drove her crazy. She wanted to touch him, to kiss him, and she needed to do none of those things.
“No, thank you. I’m right next door.” She forced herself to walk away at a normal pace. “Goodnight, Kyle.”
“Goodnight, Mila.” 
She felt his eyes on her, and could hardly stand the note of sadness in his voice. Before she opened his door she turned back to find him inches away.
The look in his eyes was tender. “I’m sorry I made you uncomfortable. Again.”
Even as the panic flared, it settled. Equal parts sincerity and desire lay in his eyes.
Something her father always said came back to her. Nothing ventured, nothing gained. Would it hurt to give this a chance, when he seemed to be everything she could hope for?
She swallowed back her fear and offered a smile. “If it’s any consolation, I’m nervous around men in general. But, Kyle, I do enjoy your company, probably better than I should.” She took a quick breath and added, “If I didn’t still have work to do, I might consider staying longer.”
His eyes sparkled. “Soon then, because I can’t get enough of your company.” He reached around her to open the door, and his scent enveloped her. Clean, strong, and very male. The rich chocolate ice cream had satisfied her sweet tooth, but there was one craving she was afraid to indulge.
Nodding, she answered, “Tomorrow.”
“Mmhmm.” The sound danced along her nerves, enticing. “I’ll see you tomorrow, Mila.”
“Tomorrow.” She scooted out the door and hurried home before he could touch her. If she let him, she wouldn’t want to stop. Her self-control was unraveling.
Attraction was generally easy to overcome. Men learned about Cherish and ran the other way. Kyle, on the other hand, was undeterred. He seemed to understand they were a package deal, and she wasn’t used to that response. Her carefully built walls were starting to crumble.
Except for that one night, almost six years ago, she didn’t lose control. She didn’t do reckless. Only the once, and never again. Yet, with Kyle, she wanted to. She trusted him, the same way she had trusted her phantom that Halloween night.
Dangerous indeed. What if she was wrong about the fireman next door?
She slipped inside and locked the door, resolved to finish grading those papers.

* * * *

Kyle flopped down on the couch and scrubbed his hand over his short hair. One question was on his mind. What is it about Mila Day that has me so enthralled?
There was a daring woman lurking under the buttoned-down teacher. Passion’s fire burned in her eyes whenever she started to open up, but then she pulled it back in, hiding. He wanted to know who trampled her self-esteem so he could set them straight, preferably with his fists.
His phone rang, and he dug it out of his pocket. “What’s up?”
“Hey, so I hear Rene tried to get you to go to some big smarmy business party.” Gavin chuckled. “She called me to get the scoop on that teacher you’re so fond of.”
Kyle grinned, recalling the way Mila lit up anytime she was talking about Cherish or teaching. How could anyone not like the way her lips curved into a smile, or the way her eyes filled with light?
Gavin chuckled. “You with me, man?”
What was the question? Oh yeah.
Kyle groaned. “Yeah, Rene was being her usual self. She tried to bait Mila, who didn’t let it bother her. That seemed to get a rise out of Rene. I’m sure it won’t be the last I hear of it.”
“My sister is a spoiled bitch. I swear I don’t know why you ever put up with her in the first place,” Gavin quipped.
“Fuck if I know.” Sitting up, Kyle scrubbed a hand over his face, but a smile spread. “Mila gracefully let Rene’s shitty attitude roll off.”
“So why did your pretty little teacher friend go home? When I drove by five minutes ago, she was headed up to her door. Alone.”
“She has papers to grade, and I make her nervous.” He took a long breath and let it out. “Besides, she was working when I went over there earlier. She’s super organized and efficient, had her laptop set up, plugging in scores, filing the papers in a box of folders. Funny thing, she was listening to ‘Porn Star Dancing.’ It was real low, so until I got close I didn’t recognize the song, but she was tapping her foot, and mouthing the words while she worked.”
Gavin laughed out loud. “You know, it’s always the quiet ones you have to watch out for. They’re wild in the sack. Always. You know how quiet Cadence seems when you first meet her.”
“Yeah, let’s not go there. Cadence is like my sister.”
“Let’s keep it that way,” he joked.
Kyle dropped his head into his hand. “I don’t get it though. You’ve seen Mila. She’s a knock out, but she gets so nervous whenever I mention anything to do with her appearance.”
“She’s a mom. Her first thought is of her kid. I have a feeling she’s very protective, which means she stopped thinking of herself as an attractive woman.”
“She has to own a mirror. How can she not at least realize it’s the truth?”
“Probably some asshole in her past. You’ll have to show her what you feel, what you think, what you want. Don’t leave out her little girl, because I have a feeling Cherish is the way to Mila’s heart.”
He grinned. Gavin knew him so well. His oldest friend didn’t beat around the bush, and always told him the truth. “I’ve never been so drawn to a woman. Damn, it’s frustrating when she tries to push me away.”
Gavin laughed out loud. “No shit. But you got to admit you show up everywhere she is. I know your intentions are good, but it’s starting to look like you’re stalking her, in the least creepy way possible.”
“I can’t help it. The need to be near her is like an addiction I can’t shake—I’m drawn like a bee to pollen. I want to thread my fingers through those dark chocolate curls and taste her rose petal lips.”
“Holy hell, you’ve got it bad. Since when are you Shakespeare and shit?” Gavin laughed.
In the background, he heard, “Who does Kyle have it bad for?”
“His neighbor. Jenny’s new best friend’s mother. Wait until you meet her.”
“Hey, if you two are going to carry on a conversation, I’m going to get off the phone,” Kyle warned.
“Fine.” Gavin chuckled.
“Hi, Kyle.” Cadence must have swiped the phone. “Rumor is she’s great with the kids, really pretty, and super smart. That true?”
“Yes, all of it, at least from what I’ve seen. I’m hoping you two hit it off tomorrow. And yes, I may have a thing for her, but she’s not ready, yet.”
“I suggest you get to know her, and if you want her, woo her, but remember that little girl. You break the mom’s heart, you’ll end up breaking the daughter’s heart too.”
“Cherish is adorable, and I’m almost as drawn to her as I am Mila. I don’t know what it is about her.”
“Which one?” Cadence giggled.
He smiled, and answered honestly. “Both. Mila is interesting, easy to talk to, and beautiful. Cherish is a darling mini-Mila decked out in pink.”
Gavin chimed in, “And adores Kyle for some strange reason. I’m definitely the more kid-friendly one.” Gavin was a few inches shorter, and not as bulky. Cadence was always calling him her teddy bear, and he did kind of look like one, especially when he stopped shaving for any length of time.
Cadence giggled. “Sounds like you’re being pulled together. She might be hesitant, but you’re a wonderful guy. A woman would be lucky to catch you.”
“Hey,” Gavin balked. “I’m your guy. No jumping ship.”
There was a playful swat. “I’m not jumping ship, love-bear, I’m encouraging our friend to get himself a woman worthy of his attention.”
“Oh fine,” he grumbled.
Kyle laughed at their banter. “Don’t worry, Cadence. I plan to woo Mila. Once I figure out how to stop making her nervous.”
“Probably not for the reasons you think,” Cadence offered.
Gavin came on. “Cadence was complaining we couldn’t bring dessert.” He laughed. “She reluctantly agreed to making some sides.”
“Sorry, when Mila suggested it, Cherish begged for her cherry pie. What was I supposed to do? Say no?” He laughed. He had a feeling he wouldn’t be able to resist that little girl any more than her mother could.
“My lovely wife will get over it. See you then.” The call ended and Kyle stared at the ceiling, thinking about Mila.
Chapter 6


The bathroom sink came apart. Completely freaking fell apart. Mila was a mess, soaking wet, trying to get the darned thing fixed. She had the water underneath shut-off, but was having a pain of a time trying to clean up the huge puddle that had seeped everywhere so she could assess the damage.
And then her phone rang. Probably Deanna, calling to bring back Cherish. She managed to run to the bedroom and swipe her phone off the dresser.
She was out of breath. “Hi, sorry I didn’t answer faster.”
“No worries. Why do you sound so frazzled?” Aunt Dee asked.
“Bathroom sink is busted, and I only halfway know what I’m doing. After I clean up the mess, I’ll look up how to fix it.”
“Right, well Cherish wanted to bring you donuts and chai, so hurry and clean up the mess.”
“Thanks, I could use some sugar.” She hung up and went back to work, soaking up all the water. Thankfully, it was mostly on her sweats and white tank. She had managed to dry the floor in time for the doorbell to ring.
Were they already on the way? What the hell?
She hurried downstairs, and threw the door open to find Kyle wearing a smile. A blush crept up his face when his eyes landed on her chest.
She glanced down and covered herself in mortification.
His deep velvety voice was even lower, huskier. “I hear you could use a hand with your sink. Your aunt called.”
“Shit… uh, sorry. I didn’t expect you. Come on,” she muttered and led him upstairs with her arms wrapped around her chest, hiding the wet t-shirt look. “I’m so embarrassed, I should have looked, or changed, or something. I thought you were Dee and Cherish. God, if it had been Tommy…” she shook her head, feeling like the biggest idiot.
Kyle chuckled. “If it had been your neighbor’s son, you’d fuel many a wet dream.”
“Right, you have better fodder for that,” she mumbled.
His hand gently landed on her shoulder, and she nearly jumped out of her skin. “Oh, you star in all my dreams lately, but I didn’t want to embarrass you further.”
“I uh…um…” she stammered. Her brain refused to respond, and she was at a total loss for words.
“Sorry, I have the habit of making you uncomfortable.” He squeezed her shoulder and stepped back. “Show me where, and while you go change, I’ll see what we need to do. All right?”
“Yeah, and thanks.”
“Don’t mention it,” he murmured.
So stupid, so flipping stupid, but too damned late to zip my mouth.
“In here. I managed to shut-off the water, and clean up most of the mess. But I can’t figure out how the hell it came apart in the first place. I’ll probably have to call a plumber. You didn’t have to come over.”
Kyle made eye contact and smiled. “Actually, my uncle is a plumber, and he taught me quite a bit. I should be able to fix it. Even show you how, if you’d like.”

* * * *

Mila was blushing as she turned to him in the bathroom, and apparently forgot about that wet white tank because she combed both hands through her hair. He tried not to look, really, he did. Tried to avoid staring at her perky breasts, but she was cold, and her nipples pearled, waiting for his mouth.
Kyle closed his eyes. “Go change, Mila, before I open my mouth again, and shove both feet in.”
“Oh, god, sorry.” She ran out of the bathroom, and he heard the door slam shut.
Her breasts were perfect. They looked like they were made for his hands. He wanted to pluck her rosy nipples until she squirmed, lick the sensitive peaks until she moaned, and then suck them into his mouth until she writhed beneath him.
Shit, now he needed to shut down the images scrolling through his head, and get rid of the boner.
Ten minutes before, his phone rang. He picked it up with a glance at the clock. “Good morning.”
Deanna started talking a million miles an hour. “Mila could use your help. She’s attempting plumbing, and she may be smart as a whip, but I can guarantee she’s going to make a bigger mess if you don’t go over there and fix whatever happened.”
Jumping at the opportunity to offer a hand, he pulled his shoes on, and asked, “She tell you what the problem was?”
“No, but she’s frazzled. If you go help her, I’ll bring you coffee and donuts. I know what you like.”
He chuckled. “You do realize I’ll help Mila without being bribed.”
“Would you turn down Caramel Mocha donuts?” she taunted.
Shaking his head, he started for the door. “No, but I’m pointing out I’m already walking over there. You only needed to ask.”
“See you in a bit.” She hung up before he could respond.
Now, Mila was flustered. With a sigh, he shifted the bulge in his pants, crouched down by the sink, and opened the cabinet.
Sure enough, the pipes came apart. Luckily, a quick trip to the hardware store and he would have the supplies he needed to fix the sink. She had shut the water off and cleaned up the mess.
Her voice washed over him. “The hot water nozzle is stripped. I turned the faucet on, and a couple minutes later my socks were soaked because it was leaking underneath. I tried to turn it off, but the knob only spun.” She blushed again, and rambled on as she shoved her hands in her pockets. “I got soaked when I turned it off underneath, since it was spraying right at my chest. Sorry for the show, I’m so embarrassed.”
He smiled up at her. She was in jeans and another t-shirt, her hair tied up in a messy knot. “Mila, please don’t apologize. Truth is, I liked what I saw. Slap me if it will make you feel better, I won’t hold it against you.”
She blinked rapidly and shook her head. “I don’t want to slap you, and thank you,” she squeaked, looking away as cheeks filled with color. “I don’t know why you fluster me so bad, but… uh… thanks.”
“Is it possibly because you’re attracted to me?” he asked honestly, not wanting to embarrass her, but needing confirmation, because maybe he was a selfish bastard.
She nodded. “Yeah, but I’ve tried the whole relationship thing since Cherish, and it never works. Men think I should give them more attention than my daughter, and that’s not happening.”
He stood up and leaned back against the sink. “And what if I told you that if we tried this, we would go slow? That I will never expect you to put me first. You hardly know me, and your little girl only has you. I would never put you in a position to neglect her.”
Mila searched his eyes. When she finally answered, she sounded torn. “I don’t know, Kyle. I’ve heard that line before, but it didn’t work out that way.”
He looked down, then up through his lashes at her. “I’m only asking for a chance. You’ll never find out if I’m different if you don’t at least let me try.”
Fear and something softer passed over her face before she wet her lips. “I want to trust you, Kyle, and that scares me. It’s been Cherish and me for years now. I’m not even sure how to do the relationship thing anymore.”
Hope flooded his system, and he knew there was a shot. He laid his cards out. “I’ll be honest, if you don’t think you’re ready to try, I won’t push. Though once you are open to the idea, I will pursue you. There’s something between us. Mila, I’m not an asshole and I think you’ll agree once you get to know me.”
“Mommy, Mommy, we have coffee, and donuts!” Cherish clambered up the stairs, shouting at the top of her lungs.
Mila’s whole face lit up as she darted out the door, to the top of the stairs. Seeing the way she was with her daughter emphasized the fact he needed to take things at Mila’s pace.
Kyle followed in time to watch Mila sweep Cherish up into a big hug and swing her around in a circle. He could only grin at the display.
“Hey, munchkin. I missed you. Were you good for Aunt Dee?”
Cherish giggled. “Of course, I’m always good.”
“Yes, you are. Kyle’s already here, shall we go eat?” She set her daughter down.
“Hi, Kyle.” Cherish grinned up at him, and wrapped her arms around his legs. “I can’t wait to see Jenny today. We’re going to have so much fun!”
He ruffled her hair. “Sure will. Now, let’s go eat some of those donuts. That is, if you brought me one?” His dimple deepened as he gave Mila a knowing smile.
“Aunt Dee brought you three. She says she knows what you like. And she got you coffee.”
He chuckled, and nodded toward the stairs. “Sweet, let’s get down there.”
Cherish ran down the steps.
Mila turned to him, grabbing his wrist. Her whisper was urgent, “If we try this, we can’t do it in front of her. Not until I’m sure. Okay? I don’t want to hurt her. She likes you, and if it doesn’t work, I don’t want her to hate you. I don’t want to hate you.”
Kyle could only imagine what was going through her head, and none of it was where he wanted her thoughts. He caressed her cheek. “Mila, I won’t push you. If you aren’t sure, I’ll simply wait until you trust me.” Yes, he wanted her, but he needed more than a few nights. He wanted it to last, to at least explore what they shared.
Her expression softened. “I want to trust you, Kyle, but I have to think about Cherish. She’ll always come first.”
“I’ll never argue with you on that point.”
She chewed her lip, staring into his eyes.
He opened his mouth to tell her he’d wait.
She blurted out, “Are you okay with keeping it quiet? At least until we know if we work?”
“On one condition.” He hoped she wouldn’t take his request the wrong way but he needed to be sure they were on the same page.
“What’s that?”
“We’re exclusive.”
She winced as she took a step back, her arms wrapped around herself. “I wouldn’t even be discussing this with you if I were considering dating someone else.”
Kyle moved closer but she moved back. He sighed. “Hey, I didn’t want you to think I was interested in looking elsewhere. I want to know we have the same expectations. It was not my intention to insult you.”
Her brow wrinkled, her lips turning down in a frown that tugged at his heart. “I’m sorry.”
He caught her hand as she let her arms drop, and gave her a squeeze. “Don’t worry, I get it. Simple misunderstanding. Now, let’s hurry up and join Cherish and Dee before they eat all the donuts.”
She nodded, but didn’t pull her eyes away until Cherish called, “Are you coming, Mommy? I saved your favorite.”
He pulled her toward the stairs with a smile.
Deanna laughed as they entered the kitchen. “I told you, kiddo, they were discussing the sink. Remember, I sent him over to help your mommy with it. God knows she’s stubborn enough to do it herself, even if she doesn’t know what she’s doing.”
“Hey, I would have Googled it and followed directions,” Mila fired back, full of sass.
Kyle had no doubt she would have managed.
“Yes, but now you have someone, right next door, who knows how to fix the problem. And he works cheap.” She winked, handing a caramel-drizzled chocolate donut to Kyle.
Mila’s eyes narrowed at her aunt.
He grinned. “I already told you I would teach you how to fix it. Though I won’t mind helping next time, either.”
A crooked smile lifted a single corner of her mouth.

* * * *

Kyle had a way of easing her fears and Mila wasn’t sure she liked it. Trust hadn’t come easy since Paul, and her last real attempt at a relationship obliterated the remaining threads. But Kyle managed to revive her hope, drawing her into his web. She was terrified he would turn out the same as the others once she was wound too tight to escape with her heart intact.
She dropped her gaze and sipped her tea. What if he is different? If I keep my walls up, I can keep him out until I know. Can’t I? 
Deanna rubbed Mila’s shoulder and innocently asked, “Should I have waited until the sink was fixed to bring Cherish home? I can always take her with me.”
Snapping out of her thoughts, Mila smiled. “Oh no, I missed my little monkey.” She leaned over and laid her head on Cherish’s shoulder. “Besides, she can come to the hardware store with us. That is if Kyle wants to come. While we’re there, I’ll let her pick out the paint for her room. I know, I know, something uber pink.” She shuddered dramatically.
Cherish giggled. “But I love pink!”
Grinning, she sat up and nodded. “I know, and I love you, so you can have a pink room.”
“I can’t wait!” she squealed.
Kyle cleared his throat, drawing her attention. “I was going to suggest coming with you. Plumbing stuff can be a pain. All those little parts in bins, and they get mixed up.”
“Right, I hadn’t considered that, but thank you.”
Grinning from ear to ear, Cherish passed a second donut to everyone.
Mila turned to her aunt. “Thanks Dee, for bringing my baby back, and sending Kyle to the rescue. At least I had the water off the floor before he got here.” Her gaze skated to Kyle.
A smile curled his lips as his eyes locked on hers. Her heart started pounding.
Deanna helpfully offered, “I could keep Cherish another night, if you want.”
And the panic was back. Mila prayed she wasn’t going to try to shove Kyle and her together. She was already nervous about their arrangement.
The way he worded the possibility of her seeing someone else stung. She got it. His point was valid and logical. But she was avoiding everyone. So she wanted to crawl in a hole at the suggestion she might be looking elsewhere.
Her heart had been trampled long ago. It was what led her to a one-night stand in the first place. No strings—but that didn’t work out the way she’d planned. Not that she would ever give Cherish up for anything.
No sense in dwelling on the past. She learned her lesson.
Can I even do sex right anymore? What if he’s not impressed? What if I suck, and not his cock.
Cherish’s giggle broke into her thoughts. “Oh no, Auntie. Jenny is going to Kyle’s party too. She wants me to spend the night. She’s asking her mommy.” She turned to Mila with big blue eyes blinking, wearing the cheesiest grin. “Can I go, pretty please?” Cherish dragged out the last words.
“I don’t know, honey. I haven’t met them yet, and they might not want you over. Let’s play it by ear, okay?”
Kyle reached over to squeeze her shoulder. “I’ll vouch for Gavin and Cadence. I have a feeling you and Cadence will get along quite well. Gavin is a joker, but he’s sweet. They only live three houses down from me, four from you. In fact, I’m kind of surprised the girls haven’t figured that out yet.”
“Jenny has swimming and soccer. She comes home late,” Cherish explained with a pout.
Mila nudged Cherish. “We’ll see. I won’t rule it out, but I want to get to know them first. Okay?”
“Okay, Mom,” Cherish sighed, “but Cadence helps in our class, and she’s really nice.”
Deanna sat down next to Cherish who swung her legs on the stool. “Here’s the thing, princess, mommies like to know where their kids are at all times, and they like to know who they’re with, just in case. Your mommy is a wonderful judge of character, so don’t worry.”
“All right,” Cherish agreed. Mila was tempted to beg her daughter to stay home, so she wouldn’t have a reason to think about their favorite fireman. 
Chapter 7


Gavin and Cadence showed up early, with Jenny in tow. As usual, they let themselves into Kyle’s house, and found him chopping bananas for the fruit salad.
“Hey guys.” He quickly washed his hands and knelt down to get a hug from Jenny.
She threw her arms around his neck and squeezed tight. “I missed you, Uncle Kyle. I just found out Cherish lives next door to you. Why didn’t I know?” She put her little fists on her hips and tapped her foot.
He let out a laugh. “Well, darling, I haven’t seen you in a week, and I didn’t know you were all buddy-buddy.”
“Oh, fine.” She pouted half-a-second before bouncing up and down, pulling on Cadence’s hand. “Can we go over and get Cherish? I thought she would be here.”
Kyle stood up with a laugh. “Anxious, are we?”
Her head bobbed enthusiastically. “Can we? Please?”
Cadence smiled. “I suppose we could see if they’re ready. Looks like Kyle is busy anyway. And if Mila isn’t ready, maybe you can play with Cherish while I get to know her mom.”
“Yay!” Jenny squealed, dragging her mom to the door.
Kyle spoke up, “Do me a huge favor, and don’t ask her about me. I make her nervous, and I think she’s only coming over to let the girls play, since Cherish practically begged.” It was a tiny white lie, but he told Mila they would keep things secret and he planned to honor his word.
“Don’t worry. I won’t pressure her for details. I’ll play by the rules.” Cadence placed her hand over her heart, as if swearing, before stepping outside.
Two seconds after the door closed, Gavin asked, “So why do you make her nervous?”
Kyle went back to cutting fruit and offered a shrug.
“I’m guessing it’s because she wants you, but doesn’t want to tarnish her reputation.” Gavin raised a single challenging brow in Kyle’s direction.
“It’s more complicated than that. Something happened to destroy her trust. I haven’t figured out what, but she holds me at arm’s length.”
“Well, what’s up? You obviously want her. I’ve never known you to walk away when you want something, and you seem to be set on Mila. So what’s the plan?”
“This doesn’t leave this kitchen. Got it?”
Gavin’s eyes widened. “Okay?”
“I mean it, if I tell you, you don’t even tell Cadence.”
“I can’t swear to that, man.”
“Forget it then. Not worth it.”
“Jeez, what the hell is going on? Is she in some kind of trouble?” Gavin demanded.
“No, but forget it,” he insisted.
“Okay, okay, I won’t tell Cadence. I’ll act as if I know nothing,” Gavin vowed with his hand over his heart.
“She’s agreed to getting better acquainted, but doesn’t want the town to know about us. Doesn’t want rumors flying, and she’s worried I’m not sincere. Worried I’ll expect her to put me before Cherish, which is fucking stupid. What asshole would do that?” He couldn’t suppress the sneer at the end.
“Plenty of them, and she’s obviously met one or two.” Gavin snorted. “She doesn’t strike me as another Rene. Mila seems to avoid attention, though I don’t think she realizes the schoolmarm image only draws more. By the way, I watched her turn Brad down flat the other day. She didn’t even bat an eye at his pickup lines.”
Kyle never liked Brad. He was another teacher at the school. “Serves that jackass right,” Kyle grumbled.
“Look, if she was anyone else, or there were different circumstances, I would doubt her sincerity. I don’t think that’s it. Play along and she’ll come around.”
“Yeah well, your sister didn’t think I was worth much until she lost me, now did she?”
“That was different. I tried to warn you about Rene, but you didn’t want to hear it.”
“Don’t remind me. I screwed up, that was all me. I should have known better, but damn, I wanted to believe. She’s your sister, and I hoped she’d changed.” Kyle sighed and went back to mixing the Coolwhip into the fruit salad.
“She tried to convince me to invite her to the barbeque. I told her no, but don’t be surprised if she tries to crash the party. You did change your locks, right?”
“Did that the day I left her. She’s always been manipulative, but I’m not stupid.”

* * * *

There was a knock as Mila pulled the pie out of the oven. Cherish charged for the door, and squealed, “It’s Jenny and her mom, can I open it?”
“Give me a second, honey.” She set the pie down and started toward the door. “Go ahead.”
Cherish answered it with a big smile.
Jenny had similar features to her mother, but her coloring matched Gavin’s reddish brown hair and dark brown eyes. Her mother’s amber eyes twinkled as she swept her baby fine blond hair behind her ear and held out her hand.
“Hi, I’m Cadence. This is Jenny.”
“Hey, I’m Mila, come on in. Cherish, why don’t you show Jenny your room?”
Cherish grabbed Jenny’s hand and they charged up the stairs chattering away.
Cadence stepped in and shut the door with a laugh.
“Cherish tells me she already knows you.”
“Yes, I volunteer in their class.” She paused to close her eyes and breathe in. “That smells wonderful, by the way.” Cadence grinned. “You have a lovely daughter. Such a sweetheart, and so smart.”
“Thank you. One question though, and I’m simply curious. Did I hear the wrong time for tonight? Or are you early?” Mila hoped it was the latter.
“Early,” Cadence admitted, sheepishly lifting a single shoulder. “Jenny wants me to invite Cherish over, and I figured you would want to get to know us before committing. I would. I have a feeling we’re going to get along fine though, but feel free to hold off on an opinion until later.”
Smiling, Mila nodded. “I already like you.”
“Perfect. Then to make it official, we would love to have Cherish stay the night, if you’re comfortable with the arrangement. We’re a few doors down.”
“Most likely. I’ve met Gavin a few times already, and I’ve only heard positive things about you. Right now, I’m fairly certain I’ll tell Cherish yes. In fact, she mentioned it this morning, and I let her pack her backpack, sleeping bag, and pillow, but explained we were playing it by ear.”
Cadence grinned. “My kind of mom. Shall we bring the pie over now? Or did you want to change? You have Cherish-sized handprints on your shirt.”
Looking down, Mila laughed. “She always gets me. You would think I would learn not to wear black when baking. I’ll be right back, literally like a minute. I’m not one of those girly-girls, but I would like to be clean.”
Mila hurried up the stairs, feeling relieved. They were on a similar wave length where their girls were concerned. Thirty seconds later she came back down.
One pale brow arched in amusement as Cadence took in Mila’s appearance. She was wearing jeans, a fresh t-shirt, and no trace of cosmetics. “Gavin mentioned you were low maintenance. I like you even better now.”
“It’s a barbeque, right? I’m not trying to impress anyone.”
“Ah, I think you may be my long lost soul sister,” she commented with a smile. Cadence was fresh-faced as well, but dressed in capris and a blouse.
Mila called the girls, grabbed the pie with pot holders, and ushered everyone out so she could lock up before heading over to Kyle’s.
As they made the quick trip next door, Mila asked, “Does Kyle do this often? The barbeque thing?”
She nodded, a curious glint in her eyes. “Usually one of us hosts weekly. The wildfires put things on pause. After some recuperation, the rest of the guys will join in again.”
Unsure what to say, Mila offered a smile.
“Hey, don’t count yourself out. Friends and families are welcome. Firemen aren’t the only ones invited, but Gavin usually hangs out with the guys from work.”
“Naturally.”
“What about you? Making a lot of friends with the other high school teachers?”
“I am, but it’s the beginning of the year and I’m focused on learning what I can about my kids so I can better teach them. Once things settle down, I’ll spend more time socializing.”
“I take it you like teaching?”
“Yeah, I really do.”
“Why high school?”
“I love science, which isn’t as much fun until high school. I could teach any of the classes, but they needed chemistry, which is right up there with biology, at least in my opinion.”
“Let me get the door,” Cadence offered. 
The girls went first, followed by Mila carrying the pie.
Cadence grinned. “Perfect, the guys are already out back. They may actually leave dessert alone. Here, let’s put it on the counter.”
“Brilliant idea.” She left it next to the stove and watched as Cadence clicked the locks into place. Mila couldn’t help wondering why.
Cadence turned and tipped her head toward the door. “In case you’re wondering, Gavin’s totally bitchy little sister, may try to crash the party. The lock may slow her down because she won’t think to walk around the house in the heels she’s no doubt wearing. We told her she wasn’t invited, but the woman is all skull and no brain, so who knows.” Apparently Cadence wasn’t on her sister-in-law’s side.
“Let’s hope she doesn’t.”
“Agreed. Rene isn’t your biggest fan.”
Mila swallowed hard. “Oh. The woman from the diner?”
Cadence nodded in the affirmative.
“She doesn’t seem to think much of me,” Mila replied mildly. However, her solution would be to go home if Rene showed. She didn’t have the patience to play catty games, and had no intention of exposing Cherish to such behavior. Kyle was a big boy, capable of figuring out what he wanted.
Pushing those thoughts aside, she smiled and stepped into the backyard.
Kyle’s voice washed over her. “There you are, Mila. We were wondering if you were going to hang out over there, or come back here.” Kyle winked at Mila. “Did you decide to leave the pie at home?”
Flustered, she tipped her head toward the house. “The pie is cooling on the counter.” His smile gave a dose of confidence and she added an ounce of sass to her tone. “It’s barely been out of the oven five minutes. I thought the barbeque was at five.”
He laughed softly. “Cadence doesn’t believe in fashionably late. It’s more like always early for her. I should have warned you.”
“It’s fine. She showed up with perfect timing.”
“Are you hungry? I can put the steaks on. Does Cherish prefer hotdogs, or burgers? Or steak? Jenny won’t eat steak, so I keep other stuff for her.”
Mila called, “Cherish, come here a sec, please. Kyle has a question.”
Cherish charged over with a big grin for Kyle. “Yes?”
Jenny joined her, linking her arm through Cherish’s.
Kyle held up a pack of hotdogs and a pack of hamburgers. “You both can choose. Steak, burgers, or hotdogs? Which will it be?”
Jenny jumped up and down. “Burger, lots of ketchup!”
Cherish frowned. “Do you have cheese? The good cheese, not the yucky kind?”
Mila translated, “Good cheese is cheddar. Bad is American.”
“We have the good cheese.” He winked.
“Burger then, with the good cheese, please.”
“Sure thing, kiddo.” The girls bounced off and found a soccer ball to kick around.
Mila couldn’t help wondering if he was always this way with kids, or if it was an act. Could she trust him?
His voice pulled her attention. “Does Cherish play?”
“Not yet. We were planning the move over the summer, so sports didn’t work out. She does know how to swim though.” She turned to Cadence. “Is there public swim time at the pool? Maybe the girls would like to go sometime.”
“Yeah. Jenny would love that.”
“Perfect. We’ll set a date.”
Chapter 8


Two hours later, the group sat around a large picnic table, devouring the best pie in the history of dessert. Kyle was having trouble keeping his eyes off Mila, but he was trying.
Cadence grinned at Mila. “So, can Cherish stay over? Totally up to you.”
“Yeah, I’ll walk her down when you all are ready to go. Maybe next weekend Jenny can stay with us.”
“Ooh, ooh, can I, Mommy?” Jenny bounced up and down in her seat.
Cadence nodded.
Gavin cut in, “Sure, but we’ll barbeque before. Deal?”
“Tell me what you’d like me to bring,” Mila offered.
“This pie was delicious,” Kyle replied with a hopeful smile.
Gavin smiled slyly. “Can you do peach?”
“Sure. Maybe one of each?” She gave the pie tin a dubious look. “We polished this one off.”
She caught Kyle swiping his finger through the last bit of cherry filling before bringing it to his mouth. He closed his lips around the tip and winked at her.
Her brow arched, one corner of her mouth twitching.
Kyle shrugged sheepishly. “There might be a couple more families by the next get together.”
“Cadence told me that after the wild fires, some of the other guys needed a break. I can imagine it was pretty stressful and a ton of work.”
“Oh yeah, you can say that again. However, neither one of us,” Gavin shoved Kyle, “can sit still that long.”
“I don’t know, I’m pretty stuffed right now. Don’t think I’m moving anytime soon.” Kyle rubbed his tummy. “That was easily the best pie I’ve ever had.”
The honk made Mila jump and put a scowl on Kyle’s face. He sighed. “Looks like she decided to show. I should probably shoo her off.”
Cadence leaned over and quietly told Mila, “We should stay back here, and let the boys deal with Rene. Gavin can usually talk some sense into his little sister.”
Cherish perked up. “Can I go to Jenny’s now?”
Mila chewed her lip and glanced at the fence. “If they’re ready, I don’t see why not.”
Gavin looked to Kyle and back to her with a shrug. “Sure, after we get rid of my sister.”
She met Kyle’s gaze and sparks flew. “Dinner was excellent. Thank you, Kyle.”
“Mmm, not compared to your pie.” Her eyes sparkled and he couldn’t resist adding, “You’re welcome over anytime.”
“You too,” she answered. Her breath caught but she didn’t take it back. After he got rid of Rene, he had every intention of going over, even if only to spend a few more minutes with her.
Standing, she turned to Cadence. “We can sneak into my backyard. Kyle fixed the gate this afternoon.”
“He did? I thought he liked it busted,” Gavin said pointedly.
Kyle snorted. “That was when the Larkays liked to come over. Visits from them always turned ugly. Their foul-mouthed shouting was inappropriate for kids. It was easier to avoid them when they couldn’t get past the gate.”
Gavin agreed, “You do have a point about that. You’re lucky to have such great neighbors now.”
There was another blare of the horn.
Cadence groaned. “I’ll go with the girls. Gavin can meet us there.”
Mila glanced toward the front. “Sounds like a plan. I’d rather avoid a scene if possible.” She took her daughter’s hand and started for the gate. Cadence and Jenny followed.
With a sigh, Kyle rushed through the house, Gavin right behind him, to send ever-persistent Rene away.

* * * *

Mila hurried the girls into her yard and then though the back door. “Cherish, go grab your stuff. I don’t imagine it will be long before you leave.”
Cherish threw her arms around Mila’s legs. “Thank you, Mommy. I’ll be extra good, I promise.” The girls stampeded up the stairs.
“I can tell they are going to have a lot of fun together.” Mila turned to grab a notepad and pen. “Here, let me give you my number in case there is any trouble.”
Cadence nodded, a knowing smile on her face. “I’m sure they’ll be fine, but I would appreciate having a way to contact you.”
There was a knock on the door by the time numbers were exchanged. Seconds later, the girls came crashing back down at a full run carrying sleepover gear.
Cadence opened the door. “Trouble gone?”
Gavin nodded, giving Mila an apologetic look. “Yup, and sorry. My sister is crazy. I swear it doesn’t run in the family, at least not like that.”
Mila offered Gavin a smile. “Don’t worry about it.”
She dropped to her knees and wrapped her arms around Cherish. She wasn’t thrilled about another night alone with temptation next door, but Cherish was happy and that’s what mattered most.
Reaching over, she patted Jenny on the head. “You girls have fun, okay?”
“We will, Mom. Don’t grade papers all night,” Cherish teased. Luckily, she was already done but didn’t bother correcting her.
Cadence smiled. “We’ll call if there are any problems, but I’m sure there won’t be.”
Mila nodded, and let her daughter go. The girls both waved as she stood up. She watched as they skipped down the driveway.
Cherish turned to blow a kiss before turning down the road.
Hoping Kyle would come over, Mila shut the door and sat down on her stairs to wait.
A few minutes passed in total silence, and her doubts started to creep in. There was the slightest chance Kyle took off with Rene. Maybe that would be for the best. It would give her a reason to write him off.
Frustrated, mostly with herself, she walked back to the kitchen to make some hot chocolate, and nearly had a heart attack when she saw Kyle about to knock on the glass door.
With her heart racing, she crossed the room, and opened it with narrowed eyes. “What about the front door?”
The corners of his mouth tipped up in a sheepish grin as he slid his hands into his pockets. “I came this way in case she comes back. I doubt it. She had a man in the car with her. Like she thought that was going to make me jealous.” Kyle half-laughed, shaking his head.
“Sorry.” It was all she had to offer without saying something nasty about Rene.
“Thanks. I wish I knew how to make her stop coming around. Telling her isn’t working. And now she’s ruined a great evening.”
Shaking her head, she admitted, “She didn’t. Tonight was fun. I enjoyed your friends.”
He looked down at the ground a second before lifting his gaze to hers. “I know you’ll probably start working on grading papers soon, but I was hoping for one kiss before I leave you, unless you want to hangout for a while.”
More was tempting, but she wasn’t ready. “A kiss, but I’m not sleeping with you tonight.” She cringed at the desperate note in her voice.
“I didn’t ask you to.”
He moved closer, and she moved back. She found herself pressed against the kitchen island as he closed the distance. His hands landed on the counter, on either side of her hips, but he stayed an inch from her as his eyes delved into her soul, washing away the doubt and fear in the wake of desire she hadn’t felt in so long.
His voice was low and soft. “We said slow, and making love would be too fast. Right now, I only want to know your taste.”
She couldn’t quite catch her breath as she stared at his full lips and gulped. It had been a long time since she craved a man’s touch.
His mouth met hers in a slow, sensual caress. A shock of recognition jolted through her, and she opened to him. His tongue swept in, and his arms wrapped around her, crushing her to his chest. One hand trailed down to squeeze her ass, pulling her flush against his rigid length.
Breathless, she pulled back, trying to remember not to rush.
He took a step away. “You taste so damned good, Mila, but I need to go if I plan to keep my word.”
“Sorry,” she whispered, closing her eyes. Mila was ready to beg him for more, but she promised herself she wasn’t going there. Damn her if she didn’t want him.
“One more kiss. Then I’ll go,” Kyle promised.
She wanted him so bad she didn’t protest when he closed the distance a second time. His tongue caressed hers as his hands wrapped around her waist.
Their chemistry was electric, consuming. Her breath caught as his hand slid into her pants, his fingers digging into her flesh as he rocked his hips against her. Her head fell back as his other hand slid up her shirt, over her breast.
Recalling the promise to herself, she reached for his wrist. 
He backed away with a groan. “Sorry. I need to go. I’m having trouble remembering the boundaries we set. I’ll call you in the morning.”
He wasn’t the only one forgetting the lines they’d drawn. Part of her wanted to abandon any rules, but she had to think of Cherish. “Go before I can’t remember why we shouldn’t.”
He backed out the door. “Sweet dreams.”
She watched as he hurried across the yard and through the gate, unable to tear her eyes away as her heart thumped in her chest. Kyle had the potential to break her heart.
Chapter 9


Kyle hardly slept. All he could think about was Mila, her taste, her passion, and how she moved against him like she couldn’t get enough. He left her speechless, probably because she wanted more too. If anything, he respected her more for her self-control.
As soon as he had his mouth on her, it felt like he’d been there before, with her, which was impossible. He was drawn to her, she belonged in his arms, and he needed to see her happy.
Walking away from her the night before was the hardest thing he’d ever done. He vowed to find a way to prove himself to her, to find a way into her heart. It cut into him every time she started to get nervous and shut him out. He understood her reasoning, but he had no intention of letting them fall apart.
Fuck. If Gavin knew what I was thinking, he’d be laughing his ass off at me for chicking-out. And I don’t give a damn.
In desperate need of a distraction, Kyle decided a run was in order. He was dressed, and out the door. Pushing away all thought, he tried to focus on the steady rhythm of his feet hitting the pavement.
Didn’t help. His mind kept drifting back to last night.
A car slowed to drive alongside him. He didn’t have to look to know it was Rene. When he did finally look over, she appeared hung-over, maybe even still drunk.
Her voice was full of sugary sweetness. “Hey baby, want a ride?”
Kyle didn’t stop, his anger fueled a burst of speed. “That would defeat the purpose of running.”
“You didn’t stay the night with your teacher. She throw you out? Were you too pushy? She seems awfully shy, damn near virginal.” Rene’s laugh was cold and shrill. “That’s it, isn’t it? Probably had sex exactly once, wound up pregnant, and now she’s scared to have a man too close?”
Grinding his teeth he shot Rene a cold look. “She’s a friend. I didn’t go over to sleep with her.”
“You went in the back door though, not the front. Afraid I was watching?” she taunted.
He barely held back the scream of frustration. “What do you want, Rene?”
“You. I want you back,” she said in all seriousness. “Come on, I’ll change.”
“No, you won’t.” Not to mention it wouldn’t matter if she did.
“I will.”
He laughed out loud. “In the last week, I’ve seen you around town with at least three different men. If you wanted me so bad, why run around with everyone else. Besides, you know I’m not going to change.”
“Come on. Those dates don’t count. You haven’t given me much hope. Why should I change until you do? You need a real job with a real future.”
“I have both. I don’t expect you to understand. But that is the exact reason I won’t make the same mistake again. You want a man you can bend to your will. That is not me. Good luck in finding what you want.” He turned off the street and down the trail.
She screeched after him.
He followed the path behind the houses for a mile. As he approached Mila’s, he heard the lawnmower and frowned. He’d planned to offer to do her yard.
Kyle snuck past her place, and climbed over his fence to go to the gate between their yards.
He called out, “Hey, Mila.”
She didn’t jump this time, but stopped the mower and came over with a shy smile. “Morning, Kyle. You eat yet?”
“Nope. I was running.”
“That’s why you didn’t answer when I called.” She glanced back at her house. “Want to come over for omelets? I’ll be done with my lawn in a minute.”
One brow arched. “Give me ten. I need a quick shower and I’ll be over.” He leaned against the fence and offered her an out. “If you’re sure, that is.”
“I wouldn’t invite you if I wasn’t.” This time, there was only confidence in her gaze, and it shot straight to his stupid cock.
“I’ll be quick.”
“Anything you don’t like on your omelet?”
“Nope, and I’m guessing you use the good cheese.”
“Mmhmm. Go get that shower.”
“Yes, ma’am.”

* * * *

Ten minutes later, Mila was in the kitchen preparing breakfast. Kyle knocked and her face lit up. She couldn’t remember ever feeling this excited about seeing anyone.
“It’s open,” she called.
He stepped inside.
She looked over and returned his ten-megawatt smile.
Kyle leaned against the counter. “I was going to offer to do your lawn.”
She shrugged before turning to pull more ingredients from the fridge. “Why? I’m perfectly capable.”
“I see that.” His deep rumble lit a fire within her.
When she didn’t say anything, he asked, “Want a hand?”
“I’ve got this. You managed all the grilling last night. I’m sure you had plenty of work cleaning up. If I had thought about it, I would have offered to help.”
“Don’t worry about it. I needed a distraction after our goodnight kiss.”
“All right,” she smiled over her shoulder and found him inches behind her. “Hey,” it came out breathless.
With him so close, she could feel the heat of his skin, tempting her to lean back against him.
“About last night, I’m sorry I got carried away,” he told her, but he didn’t look sorry.
“Wasn’t only you.” She turned back to the omelet and took a slow breath. Swallowing the thread of fear that tried to wind around her heart, she admitted, “I haven’t been this attracted to anyone since… well, for a long time. So yeah, I’m afraid, but not of you. I have a past.”
He started to say something.
She cut him off. “You’re not a bad guy, Kyle. But I have Cherish to think about.”
“Why won’t you let me in? I want to know you.”
“I’m afraid you’ll hurt me like everyone else has.”
His hand curled around her waist, and he placed his forehead on her shoulder. “What happened to make you shut everyone out?” The tender way he asked pulled at her heart.
She took a deep breath. “I spent three years thinking I would marry the man I was with in college. Things didn’t work out that way. He wanted, or rather demanded, I give up my student teaching job to move with him to New York for his career. He wanted me to throw away everything I’d accomplished and follow him. He didn’t care about what I wanted, my goals, or my dreams.”
When she glanced back, his head lifted and their eyes locked. “I wasn’t willing to give everything up. I walked out, thinking he would come to his senses and at least try to compromise. He didn’t call, didn’t knock on my door, nothing. A week later, he made sure I saw him with another woman, someone I thought was a friend. They were engaged shortly after.” It didn’t hurt anymore, but she still hated herself for not figuring Paul out sooner.
Kyle watched her, studying her, taking in everything she said without judgment.
While he was listening, she figured it was the right time to lay out the rest of the story. “After a month of moping, focusing only on school and student teaching, my best friend dragged me to a party. I had this stupid idea that I would go, be someone else for once, and do everything I wanted for a single night to get Paul out of my system.”
She smiled sadly. “It worked. I stopped thinking about my ex, because a man better than anything I could imagine was totally taken by me, and swept me off my feet. My fear kept me from learning his name, or anything else about him. Selfish maybe, but I didn’t want any attachments. I needed to be me for a while.”
Kyle interrupted. “For the record, I want a hell of a lot more than one night with you, but I don’t want to change you.” His arms wrapped around her waist, hugging her. Against her ear, he told her, “And the ex sounds like an asshole. No matter what happens, I won’t give you ultimatums. A relationship is supposed to be about give and take, not one side demanding everything.”
She melted against him, starting to believe Kyle was sincere. He hadn’t given her a single reason to doubt him, but she didn’t know how to let go of her insecurities.
His lips pressed behind her ear before he murmured, “Is this too much?”
It felt good, really good. She sighed. “If you want breakfast, yes. So hang on.”
He backed up with an apologetic nod.
Deciding to take a chance and let their physical relationship move forward, she added, “Cadence already called to tell me they were keeping Cherish until this afternoon. I won’t kick you out if you have nothing to do.” She hoped he stayed, and that she could protect her heart.
He leaned against the counter with a smile. “All right.”
Fighting back her grin, she threw things together and got them in the skillet. “So what do you have planned for today?”
“I work tonight, but I’ll be around until three. I’ll make you lunch. If you want to come over later?”
“Sorry. Dee already planned a lunch date. Maybe after breakfast we can visit that café and I can get you a coffee.”
“Deal.” He gave her a slow sexy smile that drew her eyes to his lips, and that dimple.
Last night played through her head. She needed a distraction before she burned breakfast. “So why did you decide to be a fireman?”
His expression softened. “To follow in my dad’s footsteps. He was injured a few years back and retired. Took a while but he recovered. Now he lives in Hawaii with his wife.”
The way he lit up when talking about his father reminded Mila of how she thought of hers. “I take it you look up to him?”
“I do. He’s always been my hero.” He sat back, watching her. “What about you? Do you look up to your parents?”
“I mentioned my dad died, of a heart attack before Cherish was born, way too young. He was a good cop, and will always be my hero.” She looked out the window. “My mom has very strong and old-fashioned opinions. Dad would have supported my decisions. Mom, on the other hand, has a hard time accepting my choices.” Mila shook her head. Fighting back tears, she let out a bitter laugh. “She tried to talk me into an abortion because I didn’t know my baby’s father. I couldn’t do it. I don’t regret my daughter.”
“I’m sorry,” he said softly as she turned to flip the omelets.
“There’s only one thing I would change—learning his name. Not for me, but for Cherish. I never imagined I would wind up pregnant. I would never have kept him from her, and every child deserves a father.” She felt his hand on her shoulder. “Mom once told me she thought I should go back to Paul. This was right after I found out I was pregnant.”
“Wow, didn’t you say he was with another woman the week after you left?”
“Uh, yeah. Another reason not to bother with my ex. Mom liked him because he’s a lawyer, and could have supported Cherish and me.” The whole idea made Mila’s skin crawl.
His brow knit together. “But before that? Your schooling, your career?”
“Mom thought I should focus less on school and my goals, and direct my attention to getting married. I’m not opposed to marriage, but you’re right, a relationship takes compromise. Paul didn’t agree with that premise, and it took me a few years to figure that out.”
She put the omelets on plates and grabbed a bowl of fresh fruit before taking them to the table. “Juice or milk?”
“You have fruit, so milk.”
Smiling, she poured them both a glass and joined him. “My Aunt Dee is great, she understands. I’m more like her than Mom anyway. So when she told me about the job at the high school, it seemed like the best move, for everyone. I’m hoping with her in another state, we’ll get along better.”
He reached over to squeeze her shoulder. “Sounds like it. Sometimes you have to leave the nest to find your place. I didn’t come into my own until Dad moved to Hawaii. He says it helps his arthritis.” Kyle grinned. “I think it has more to do with enjoying the life of a beach bum.”
She laughed. “That’s all he does? Chill on the beach?”
He shook his head, humor dancing in his eyes. “Nope. Now he runs a barbeque pit with his new wife. Margaret is great, perfect for him.”
She couldn’t help asking. “Do you see him much?”
“Once or twice a year. He comes here most of the time, but I do go there every couple of years. Have you ever been to the islands?”
“No. I haven’t done much traveling.” She stopped there, not wanting to delve too far and give him the wrong impression.
Chapter 10


Pieces of Mila’s puzzle were coming together. He was starting to understand why she had walled herself off. Now, she was letting him in, bit by bit.
She watched him as she pushed her plate away, chewing her lip as one finger brushed back and forth on the table. She met his gaze, desire banked in her beautiful eyes.
“About our boundaries. I’m hesitant, but I trust you. I don’t want to hold you away from me.”
He captured her hand with a shake of his head. “I’m not pushing you, Mila. Never.”
A smile pulled at her lips. “Let me finish.”
Nodding, he took a breath, waiting.
“You were right. I can’t find out if we work if I don’t give us a fair chance.” She blushed and her eyes danced away. “If we wind up there, we do. I’m on birth control, but I still expect you to wear a condom.”
One dark brow arched. “Are you suggesting we do that after coffee?”
“Um…” Her breath caught as she nibbled her bottom lip. “I meant when we get there. Watching you walk out the door when I knew what you wanted was harder than I imagined. I spent the whole night thinking about you, and the way you touched me.”
“You weren’t the only one,” he admitted. Kyle stood, grabbing their dishes to drop them in the sink.
Now was the time to change the subject, before he led with his dick. “Let’s walk down to the café, and when we get back, if we’re both still on the same page, we’ll see what happens.” He took her hand, and pulled her to a stand.
“And if I’d rather get chai later?” She stepped into him. Any sense of protest was lost when she took his mouth in an explosive kiss.
She pulled away, her hungry eyes devouring him. “Come upstairs.”
Need flowed through his veins, but he would give her every opportunity to change her mind because he wasn’t sure he could stop once they started. “Are you sure?” he whispered, not trusting his voice.
She nodded over her shoulder as she ascended. “Very.”
Relief and desire rushed through him. Relief because she wasn’t shutting him out. Desire, well that was obvious. He stalked her up the stairs, and before she could turn around, he caught her waist and pulled her against his body. Sweeping her hair over her shoulder, he nuzzled her neck. Her size and smell reminded him of one crazy night. A total sense of déjà vu enveloped him as his hand dipped into her sweats, finding her wet and ready.
“Kyle,” she whispered, as he found her clit, as if he already knew her body. It certainly felt like it. “Oh god,” she gasped as he pressed inside.
So damned tight.
“When was the last time you were with someone,” he groaned.
“What?” She tried to pull away.
“Calm down, sweetheart, you’re just really tight. I don’t want to hurt you,” he murmured against her ear.
“Couple years,” she moaned, rocking into his hand for more. “I’ll adjust, don’t stop.”
“Oh, I’m not. Not unless you tell me to.” He managed a second finger and her hand tangled in his hair as her back arched. His free hand slid under her shirt to cup her breast. Perfect fit.
She wasn’t wearing a bra or underwear, and that revved him up.
“Please tell me that doesn’t scare you off,” she pleaded.
He chuckled, low and deep. “Means I get to take my time to make sure you’re ready.”
“I’m ready, so ready,” she promised, her free hand finding its way between them to stroke his straining length through his jeans.
Mila tried to turn, but he held her in place as he pushed a third finger into her. “Kyle,” she cried, coming, soaking his hand as she bucked against him.
She was so responsive, he wasn’t sure how long he’d last, but he was determined to blow her mind.

* * * *
	
Kyle short-circuited her wires and fried her brain, as she collapsed against him. It had been a long time since she felt that much pleasure, and that was only his hand, and a few kisses up her neck and ear.
He pulled his hand out of her pants and wrapped the same arm around her so he could suck her juices off his fingers. That made her moan, especially when he hummed his satisfaction.
“Tastes like heaven.” And then he kissed her, holding her in that same position with his hands on her breasts, tugging and rolling her nipples. She squeezed him through his jeans, rubbing urgently.
Yanking her mouth from his, she begged, “I’m ready, I’m ready, I swear.” She wasn’t sure she could stand much longer.
He scooped her up and put her on the bed. Mila wasted no time pulling her clothes off. She was too lost in temptation to think straight at the moment, but she needed his heat against her skin.
He groaned a curse. “I’m going to have to run home, I didn’t even consider this happening now.” His voice was low and rough, obviously needing her as bad as she needed him.
“Wait.” She opened her drawer and pulled out a condom. “Here, I’ve made sure to be prepared, even though I haven’t had a need for these.” Okay, she was blushing again, feeling stupid for having to explain her actions.
He grinned, clearly unconcerned. “I’m glad. I didn’t want to leave.”
In a rush, he pulled the clothes from his sculpted body. Her eyes tangled on him. So familiar, like the best dream come to life—her fantasy.
“Neither did I,” she whimpered.
“I would have had to drag you home to make love to you, because seeing you like this, so beautiful, I can’t wait much longer.”
Swallowing hard, she tried to think of a response. She hadn’t felt so desired in years, but this was different. This wasn’t a night of wild abandon, but the start of something more.
He snapped the condom from her hand and tore the foil.
Oh lord, he was so freaking scrumptious, she wanted to lick every inch, trail her fingers down his happy trail, and wow he was big. Only once had she been with someone so well-endowed. God, why did he have to remind her of that one night with a man she would never know?
“Mila?” his low voice was a velvet purr as he rolled the condom down. She couldn’t look away from his rigid length. “Do you like what you see?”
“Definitely.” Then she remembered her lack of clothes and looked down at herself with a frown. Sure, she was toned, in shape, her tummy flat, her breasts still perky, but she hated the stretch marks, even as pale as they were.
Before she could wrap her arms around her waist, he crawled up her body and held her hands to the bed as he bent to lick over the faint white lines marring her stomach. “Don’t hide yourself, Mila. You’re beautiful, even these.”
“No, they aren’t,” she whispered in protest.
He made her shiver with light kisses and teasing licks. Then he nibbled—even that felt amazing.
“They are. Think of them as your badge of honor. You created a beautiful, intelligent daughter. I have so much respect for you, Mila, and these,” he nipped at her navel and traced one of the lines with his lips, “remind me of how strong you are.”
She squeezed her eyes shut, not daring to believe. The last man she was with actually told her he wouldn’t fuck her with the lights on because they were ugly. Tears filled her eyes, but she tried to fight them back.
“Tell me you believe me.”
“I want to,” she whispered as his hands smoothed over her belly in a feather light touch.
“How do I prove it?” He kissed up her body, and stopped at her chin.
When she opened her eyes, tears rolled down her face. “You are, I’m sorry. I just…” she shook her head and tried to sit up.
He leaned into her, drying her tears with tender kisses. Taking her knees as he spread her wide, he placed his crown at her opening.
“I want to make love to you, Mila. Please.” He was so sincere. Only desire burned in his eyes, and none of the disgust of her last partner. “Please, let me have you.”
Those words split her wide open, and she didn’t know how to stop herself from falling. She nodded, unable to speak.
So slow, he pushed in, giving her time to adjust. Then held himself inside her, panting, “Perfect fit.”
Nodding, she pleaded, “Please, stop torturing me, and move.”
His grin was wicked. “You don’t need to beg.” He started a gentle glide out, and pushed back in. “I want to please you. It’s all I crave.”
“You are, but harder, I need harder.”
“I love a woman who knows what she wants,” he growled as he sped up, but it wasn’t enough. It was good, but it felt like he was being cautious.
She couldn’t take it, and rolled him over to climb on top. She pressed down, letting him fill her and taking him hard.
Sitting up, his arms wound around her as they moved together.
“God, Mila, you feel like heaven.”
Most men, attractive or not, she could ignore. Only one other man made her this crazy.
Why can’t I stop thinking about that damned night? A perfect stranger she would never see again. A man she only had a few times, before she left that morning, without regrets, knowing he was going home, wherever that was.
She rocked into him. Harder. Faster.
Still, she couldn’t let go of the comparisons likely to drive her crazy. With one hand, she reached down and circled her clit, until she exploded in bliss, but she kept going, riding the pleasure, riding him. Before she could collapse, he flipped her around and entered her from behind.
“Baby, all you had to say was rough. I can do rough without hurting you.” He fisted her hair and pulled her up, tilting her head to the side to kiss her neck as his other hand took her breast, kneading, tugging, tweaking. “Come for me, Mila. I love the way you feel when you come. I’m close, but I need you there first.”
“I can’t,” she panted, “it’s too much.”
He kissed her neck and opened his mouth, swirling his tongue over her skin. And she did come, so hard she screamed her pleasure, and went boneless. He slammed home one last time, and held her there as he groaned long and low, before collapsing beside her on the bed.
Kyle pulled her closer as she buried her face against his chest. Guilt crashed around her as she thought about what they’d done, and about Cherish.
Once his breathing slowed he moved from the bed, leaving her feeling empty.
“I’ll be right back,” he murmured.
She pointed toward the door. “Waste basket, right over there. I’ll get rid of it before Cherish gets home.” Expecting him to leave, she rolled to her side and covered her face.

* * * *

Kyle turned back to see tears falling as she hid behind her hands, her body shaking in silence. Seeing her upset tore at his heart. He couldn’t help wondering what he had done wrong.
Hoping to chase away her worry, he climbed next to her and pulled her into the shelter of his embrace. Stroking her back gently, he murmured, “Talk to me, Mila. What’s wrong? Did I hurt you?”
“Overthinking,” she muttered, but melted into him, taking his warmth.
“About what?” He hoped not them. There was no way he was letting her go without a fight. They felt right, more right than anyone else he’d been with.
“You’re not rushing out?”
He nudged her face up until she met his gaze. “No, baby. I’m not going anywhere. What is it?”
“I just… I thought…” She looked away, tears filling her eyes again. “You’re kind of perfect.”
“I’m not,” he promised, “I swear I’m not, but I’m not an asshole.”
“Of course you aren’t.”
He brought her face back until he had her attention, then kissed her softly. “And these,” he trailed his fingers over her stomach, “don’t detract from your appeal. What would make you think that?”
A blush colored her cheeks as she groaned. “Last time I tried a relationship, the guy told me he wouldn’t have sex with the lights on. That my stretch marks were an ugly reminder of my mistake.”
Rage flashed through him, as he pulled her tighter. He couldn’t hold the bite out of his tone. “Please tell me you dumped that scumbag.”
A smile tugged at the corners of her lips as she nodded. “That was the one and only time he had me. And had he explained his reason for the lights off beforehand, he wouldn’t have gotten that.” She sighed, the fear dying. “I know I shouldn’t let it get to me. I can’t help it though.”
“I’ve got news for you. I have worse scars than a few pale lines. Honestly, these,” he trailed his fingers over her flat tummy and her eyes fluttered shut on a sigh, “are truly sexy. I’m not just saying that, Mila. You have a long, lithe body, and the marks are merely proof you brought life into this world. Something I can’t do on my own.”
Her whole face brightened as her eyes locked on his. “Yes, but you save lives on a regular basis.”
He feathered a kiss over her lips. “I’ll never make you feel like that dick-for-brain did.”
“I don’t think you could. The stupid thing is, I didn’t even care about the marks until he brought them up. I kicked him out, and never looked back, but it still messed with my head.”
“Give me some time and I’ll make you believe that I love every inch of your body.” She flinched every time he said the word “love,” and sure, it was abstract, but for the first time ever, the word didn’t scare him. For now, he needed to rein that in, before he scared her off.
“You already are, but so I know, where are these worse scars?” One eyebrow rose in amusement.
He rolled to his other side to show her the scar across one shoulder and down his back, where he’d been hit by a burning beam a month into becoming a fireman.
She scooted closer and ran her fingers over the smooth ridge. Then he felt her mouth as she explored his reminder that he had a dangerous job. “What happened?” Her teeth scraped over the tissue, and then she sucked, and it felt so damned good he groaned.
“Remember me telling you my dad was injured?” He hated remembering that day, but he wanted to share everything with her.
“Yeah,” she gasped, probably painting a pretty close picture.
“Part of the ceiling fell on him. We were told to get out, but Gavin and I ignored the order, staying to get him free. I dragged the last beam off in time for another to collapse. Gavin helped me, but my back was a mess for a while. Dad was in worse shape. He doesn’t have full use of his left arm anymore. So he retired, but encouraged me to stay.”
“I’m sorry, but I’m glad you saved your Dad. Gavin too, that’s a real friend.”
“You have friends, don’t you?” He rolled over to run his fingers up her side.
“Back home, I do. I think I’m making at least one here.” She grinned. “Though I have a feeling Cadence would argue two.”
“Cadence has decided you’re her friend. She won’t let you get away so easy either,” he teased. “Gavin and Cadence loved having you and Cherish with us last night. You’re part of the group now, whether or not you want to be.”
“I had fun with all of you last night,” she admitted.
“I’m glad.” He kissed her shoulder. “Now, turn over, I caught part of the tattoo. Now I need an up close and personal view. Plus, I want to know what it’s for.”
Mila turned onto her stomach, and pulled her hair to the side. “I got it about seven years ago, shortly after I lost my dad. I had this done as a memorial.”
One wing of a beautifully detailed bald eagle graced the inner-top edge of her right shoulder blade, while the other stretched to the opposite inner-bottom edge. Sky and clouds framed the majestic bird, fading away on the edges of the tattoo.
 “It’s beautiful.” And strangely familiar, but he’d seen a few eagle tattoos. He shook the thought off and kissed the tip of the wing on her right shoulder. “Everything I learn about you makes me like you better. You’re pretty incredible.”
“So are you.” She blushed as she sat up, but he pulled her back down beside him.
Laughing, she asked, “Not ready for coffee?”
“You’re only going to drink chai anyway,” he teased, wrinkling his nose as he climbed on top of her. “Besides, you got needy, and I didn’t get to do everything I wanted to.”
The ringing phone interrupted them.
She caught her lip between her teeth as she pushed at him. “Give me a minute.” She got up and dug her phone out of her sweats, taking a look before answering, “Hi Barb, can I call you back?” She sighed. “Okay, hang on. I was sort of busy. I need a minute.”
Mila covered the receiver and whispered, “It’s my best friend. I’m going to get dressed because she’s not going to let me off the phone, but I will take a rain check. Besides, there are a few things I’d like to do to you.” She winked.
“All right, I’ll be downstairs, waiting.” He didn’t bother whispering.
She blushed, her eyes closing as her head tipped to the side at whatever her friend said.
He hurried into his clothes and went downstairs as promised.
Chapter 11


Oh crap, Barb probably heard. Holding her breath, she watched Kyle pull his clothes on and head downstairs.
“Oh my god, Mila, who was that? He sounds hot.”
Well crap, guess we’re having this discussion now.
 “Okay,” Mila groaned, “I’m back.”
“Is he hot?”
“Inferno hot.” It would be a crime to deny Kyle’s masculine perfection.
A conspiring note entered Barb’s tone, “Where is Cherish?”
“A friend’s house.” Mila shook her head, and closed herself in the closet.
“So you found a man already?”
“He’s my neighbor. We had breakfast.” Then she wished she’d kept her big mouth shut.
Barb squealed. “Oh really?”
“He didn’t stay the night. He came over this morning.”
Snorting, she jabbed, “And you sound breathless because you were flipping pancakes? Sounds to me like you were getting down and dirty.”
“Yeah, okay. So sue me. It was our first time. Plus, he’s a fireman, and so damned hot, he probably has to hose himself off before going into a burning building. The best part, he’s sweet, and sincere, and says all the right things—I mean all of them. He even kissed and licked my stretch marks, told me they’re a sexy badge of honor. I’m in trouble, Barb. I might be falling, hard.”
“Good, I want to meet him, which I can do in a couple of weeks. You don’t mind if I come visit, do you? I’m not bringing the kids, but Anthony agreed I should come see how you’re adjusting to a new town, a new school, and apparently a new man.” The last was said with excitement.
“Slow down. I’m glad you’re coming.” Mila sighed. “But do you think I’m a big floozy? I’ve only known him a week. We’re keeping it quiet, because I don’t know if I trust this to last, but I’m hoping that’s me being pessimistic. He’s flipping perfect so far.”
“Of course you’re not a floozy, and keeping it quiet makes sense in your case. Please, woman! You’ve been with three total losers. You had a single smoking hot, one-night stand, who was a total charmer—so why you bailed on him still eludes me, but whatever. I’ll let you get back to your new man. I can’t wait to meet him.”
“Don’t tell Mom, okay? She’ll be on me to go down the aisle, and that’s not happening. He says he’s cool with coming second to Cherish, but I’ve heard that before.”
“Yeah, well, some guys are better than others, and he’s a fireman, so he likely understands putting others first.”
“Later, Barb. I’ll call you tonight. Okay?”
“Sure, I want details then. Goodbye.” The phone went dead.
Mila dressed quickly and hurried downstairs. She found Kyle at her bookshelf looking at Cherish’s baby pictures.
He looked up with a grin. “Cherish is a mini-Mila, which is pretty lucky because you’re breathtaking.”
“Thanks.” She grinned, unable to stop herself. “So, my best friend is coming to visit in two weeks. I’ll get more details tonight. And I told her about us. Didn’t want her to be surprised.” She took a deep breath. “Since you’re close to Gavin and Cadence, you can tell them, if you think they’ll keep us quiet.”
He smiled as he reached for her hand. “I have one question, and I’m not complaining, I swear. But when you realize we’re going to work, will you be willing to take us public?”
She half-laughed. “Yes, definitely, and if people figure it out, they figure it out. I’m not ready to go shouting it at the top of my lungs. I’ve tried that approach, and it hurt Cherish when things fell apart. She got attached to Brett, and it hurt her when he wasn’t around anymore. He wasn’t even nice to her. I’ll never understand why she took it so hard.” She gave him a small smile. “At least you are totally taken with her. So even if it doesn’t work and she doesn’t know about us, we can stay friends, and she won’t be crushed.”
“I want it to work,” he admitted.
It was too soon for promises. She shrugged it off. “For the record, I’m not like Rene. If we don’t, I’m not going to make desperate attempts to win you back, or try to make you jealous.”
He pulled her into his arms. “Now listen here, Mila. I don’t—not for one second—think you are anything like Rene. And I hope you won’t kick me to the curb the first time I make a mistake, because I guarantee I’ll make them. Talk to me when I do, and we’ll figure it out.”
Hope bloomed through her. “I like that you’re willing to admit you’ll screw up, but I hope you don’t anticipate something major.”
“Define major?” His lips quirked in a grin.
“Expecting me to put my daughter second, but you already promised not to. Making me feel ugly or worthless about some of my choices, but so far, you build me up, praising my decisions.” Then she swallowed, and added, “Or cheating. You won’t get a second chance for that. Sorry, you won’t.”
“I wouldn’t do that to you.”
She nodded, knowing he meant it. “Didn’t think you would, but you asked.”
He brushed his thumb over her bottom lip. “All reasonable expectations, and sounds like you may harbor a bit of hope.”
Mila nodded slowly. “My hope frightens me more than I care to admit. I’ve been hurt before, so I’m cautious now, but I don’t believe you’ll do those things.”
“I get it. Now, let’s go get something to drink. I’ll even keep my hands to myself, so no one suspects. And if you don’t want me to tell Gavin and Cadence, I won’t.”
“I don’t mind if they know.” She leaned her forehead against his with a smile. “I think Cadence suspects we’re heading there. I didn’t deny or confirm anything last night, but she hinted, maybe digging for an answer.”
He laughed, “Yeah, that’s Cadence for you. Don’t worry, they’re trustworthy. I can vouch for them.”
“I trust you. So you can tell them.” But she was afraid to hope for too much.
Chapter 12


Dee picked Cherish up from school, and watched her the half hour until Mila got out of the high school every day. So when Mila went to pick up her daughter up on Wednesday, she was distraught to find Cherish bawling in Dee’s arms.
“Baby, what’s wrong?” Mila asked.
Cherish turned to her, wrapping her arms around her neck. Mila picked her up, holding her close. “Brian’s mean. He thinks I don’t have a dad because I’m a brat and you are horrible.”
Well crap, how do I explain that?
She sat, smoothing her hand up and down Cherish’s back. “Now baby, you don’t have a dad because when I was younger, I did something reckless. That’s my fault. Not yours. But I don’t regret it for a second, because you are the best thing I’ve ever done. So ignore Brian, because he doesn’t know what he’s talking about. Okay?”
“I hate him. He’s mean and nasty. Maybe Kyle will beat him up.”
That startled a laugh out of Mila. “No, baby. That would be bad. Kyle would get in a lot of trouble. Ignore Brian and he’ll stop.”
“Really?” she asked with tear-filled eyes.
“Eventually.” She pressed a kiss to her daughter’s forehead and started for the door with a smile. “Let’s go home. I made us chili. Okay?”
“Okay,” Cherish sniffled.
Dee walked her out. “Sorry. I was trying to calm her down.”
“Thank you for being there for her. It’s not your fault some boy was being thoughtless. I can’t change my past, and frankly, I don’t want to.”
Once Cherish was buckled in and the door shut, Dee smiled. “She likes Kyle. Do you?” There was a knowing look on her face.
“Yes, and we’re seeing each other but we aren’t telling everyone yet. Please, keep it a secret for now. Until we see how it works.”
“That’s silly. I know you haven’t had much luck with men, but trust me, Kyle is a keeper.” Dee kissed her head and ushered her into her car.
Dee was right. Kyle bent over backwards to brighten her day. He said all the right things and meant them, never pushed for more than she was willing to give, and always managed to make her little girl smile. It was no wonder Cherish adored him.
“I’m coming to that conclusion, though I’m not ready to admit it to the world yet.”
“At least you aren’t shutting him out.” Dee squeezed her hand. “He’s good for you.”
Mila nodded. “Thank you for taking care of my baby.”
“You’re welcome. Now go.” She shut the door.
A few short minutes later, as Mila opened her daughter’s door, Cherish asked, “Can we watch TV before dinner?”
“Of course,” she smiled, and carried a still weepy little girl into the house. They cuddled up under a blanket on the couch. Mila turned on Cherish’s favorite TV show, but she curled into Mila’s arms and fell asleep with the sniffles.
Mila hated seeing her baby upset. She would have done anything to make it better. Unfortunately kids could be cruel, and she had no real solution.

* * * *

Kyle walked up the stairs to Mila’s back porch. He found her lying on the couch with Cherish curled up in her arms. She looked so sweet, as she combed her fingers through her daughter’s hair.
He tapped on the glass door and she looked up. Kyle raised a bottle of sparkling cider.
A smile brightened her face, and she gestured for him to come in.
“Everything okay?” Kyle asked softly, checking his watch. Five already. They’d probably been home about an hour. The house was filled with the scent of cumin and chili powder.
Mila rearranged Cherish as she stood, then tucked the blanket around her. She nodded back to the door and they stepped outside.
“Is Cherish okay?”
Mila wound her arms around herself and met his gaze. “Some boy in her class was making fun of her because she doesn’t have a daddy. I guess he said she was a brat, and that I was horrible too. She was crying—bawling actually—when I picked her up from Dee’s.”
Kyle pulled her into his embrace. “Hey, the punk’s opinion doesn’t matter. I’m guessing you told her that?”
“Yeah, I did, but I hate this. Kids will judge her because of my choice, and that’s not fair. It’s not like I’m the only single mom out there. She hasn’t had a bad childhood.”
“Ignore the kid.”
Oddly, a laugh bubbled out of Mila. “I told her that. But you know what was funny?”
His brow arched. “Not a clue.”
“She wanted to ask you to beat him up. I told her no, and explained you would get in trouble.”
He chuckled. “I do kind of want to smack the kid, but I wouldn’t. I could say something to his parents though.”
“Yeah, let’s not. It’s not like his opinion actually matters. I do feel bad she was so upset.”
“You know, I was about to leave, thinking you were sleeping. You looked so sweet, holding Cherish. I didn’t want to disturb either of you. Then I saw you moving, and decided it was safe. If you need time with her, I can come back later or tomorrow even.”
“No, don’t go. I’m glad you’re here. She’ll be happy to see you when she wakes up. Please, stay for dinner.”
He nodded. “Okay, and I brought some sparkling cider. I thought she might like it.”
“Thank you. Cherish looks up to you.”
An idea struck, and he grinned. “I might have a way to cheer her up, that is if you agree.”
“What’s that?”
He nodded toward his house. “I rescued a kitten this afternoon. Little gray fuzzy ball of cute, with a few black spots. I named him Ash…”
Her brow arched, one corner of her mouth lifting. “And?”
“I was going to keep him, but I think he might do better having Cherish to play with. I have a cat box, food, toys. I even took him to the vet already.”
Her eyes sparkled. “You did all that and you would give him up?”
“You are right next door, and I can come visit Ash anytime.”
“She’d love that.”
He squeezed her. “And you? Are you opposed to a kitten?”
“Not at all. When do you want to surprise her?”
He looked through the glass door. “How long will she sleep?”
“It’s almost dinner time. I need to wake her up. I don’t want her to eat too late and stay up all night.”
“You sure? She looks so peaceful.”
“Yeah. I want her in bed at a reasonable hour. She still has school tomorrow.”
After a quick kiss, he said, “Then I’ll be back in a few.” 
He walked back to his place, gathered everything up, and then checked his wrapping supplies. Digging through, he found a slightly tattered pink bow from a gift Jenny made him last year.
Kyle tracked down Ash, who was curled up under a pillow on the couch, and managed to tie the bow around his neck. “So, Ash, I need you to put a smile on a little girl’s face. All you got to do is be cute and sweet, which you have covered.”
Tucking the kitten under his sweater and arm, he grabbed the bag of supplies and headed back to Mila’s.
He stepped through the door as Cherish sat up, and rubbed her big baby-blue eyes before looking around. After dropping the bag next to the counter, he joined Mila and Cherish.
“Kyle,” she squealed and launched herself at him.
He scooped her up in a hug, careful not to squish Ash.
“Hey, kiddo. How are you doing?”
She jumped into her tale, even asking about him maybe beating up Brian, despite her mother’s earlier admonition. 
His brow went up. “Sorry, kiddo, but that’s not the answer.”
“Okay,” she huffed as he set her down.
“Don’t pout. I have something for you.”
Her face lit up. “Really?”
He reached under the sweater and pulled out the kitten. “His name is Ash. He needs a good home, and I thought that might be here.”
“Mommy! Can I keep him?” she squealed.
“You can.”
Cherish took the kitten, rubbing her nose against his tiny black one. “I love him.”
Kyle couldn’t help smiling. This worked out so much better.

* * * *

Mila finally had Cherish in bed and asleep. When she came back down the stairs, Kyle was on the couch, watching videos on a music station. She sat down beside him.
He shut the TV off and turned to her. “Cherish seems happier. I think she’s in love with Ash.”
“She is, and a big part of that was you. She adores you, and Ash was a stroke of genius.” Mila smiled, most of the fear fading. Kyle genuinely cared for Cherish, which made him impossible to resist.
“Yeah, well she’s a great kid, smart, pretty, like her mom.” Kyle stood up, pulling her with him. “Her mom’s pretty great too.” He laid his mouth on hers, his tongue sweeping inside. Her toes curled at the sensual dance.
“And you are an amazing man. Any woman would be lucky to have you. So why me? I don’t have a clue what I did to snag you, and yet here you are, being everything I could hope for, and more.”
“Mila,” he pulled her close, “I’ve told you how incredible you are. You’re an astounding mother, a wonderful teacher, and the only woman I want. I’m the lucky one holding you right now. I’m glad they were all too stupid to realize what they had because now I’m here with you. I only hate the hurt you’ve endured.”
“That’s a part of life.” She shrugged. “I like where I wound up, so I’m not complaining.”
He nodded toward the stairs. “Are you letting me stay long enough to show you how much I love your body?” 
Kyle did love to show her, and had every night for the last three.
A shiver traveled down her spine, and she nodded. “Mmm, I think I need to do my showing first. Every time you start, you leave me too boneless to return the attention.”
“I don’t know about that. You like to take control, and you don’t let a few orgasms stop you from doing so. It’s really sexy the way you know what you want.” The words rumbled over her before he threw her over his shoulder and carried her upstairs. “But if you insist, I’ll let you start.” He set her down and took a step back to pull his shirt off.
She got his pants down and pushed him onto the bed while still fully dressed. Kyle’s body was a work of art she could study all night long.
“Sweetheart. Why are you still wearing clothes?” One eyebrow arched, as he licked his full lips.
Grinning, she took her clothes off while he turned on the lamp. He made a point of wanting to see her, all of her. Yet another reason he was irresistible.
Kyle made her feel sexy, beautiful, cherished. She climbed onto his lap and bent over to kiss his jaw, nibble down his neck, across his collarbone. His hands tangled in her hair, and she looked up to see the tenderness in his eyes.
“This okay?” she whispered.
“I love it. I need to touch you too,” he answered softly. “I’ll let you do whatever you want, but if you want my hands off you, then you’d best tie them.”
“Mmm, that’s very tempting.” She sat up, rubbing her core over his erection. “But if I do that, I won’t hold anything back, and I don’t want to wake Cherish.”
He grinned up at her. “Maybe this weekend when she’s at Dee’s.” He sat up, wrapping his arms around her. His hands delved into her hair so he could tilt her head back to kiss her neck, before caressing down her body. “Maybe you’ll let me tie you up for some sensual torture also.”
“Turnabout is fair play,” she moaned as he thumbed her nipples.
Her head fell back even as she wrapped her arms around his neck. “I’m falling for you, Kyle. You’re everything I want. Everything I never thought I’d find.” It was more than that, but she was too afraid to admit how deep her feelings ran. Afraid that if she said the words, he would demand more of her.
He stared deep into her eyes. “You’re not the only one, sweetheart. I’ve been falling in love with you since I set eyes on you, outside my window, planting flowers.” He kissed her again. “Cherish too. She’s a part of the package that I love.”
And there was that word again. She felt it, but it was so soon. What if they didn’t work? What if their connection was fleeting? He kept throwing that expression out there, in abstract ways, crumbling her resistance. She wasn’t ready to dive in all the way, but she needed him.
“Make love to me, Kyle. I need to feel you.” She reached for a condom, and managed to get it on him, before gliding down over his thick length.
It felt as if she belonged in his arms, moving against him as he held her close, filling her body and her heart. She never felt so deeply for one man, and she knew she was in serious trouble. Mila wasn’t falling—she was in love with Kyle. The realization washed over her as she came.

* * * *

Kyle picked Mila up, and pulled her under the covers with him. She snuggled in comfortably. “You really are perfect,” she whispered.
“I’m lucky to have found you,” he murmured.
She brushed her thumb over his bottom lip and smiled. “No. I’m the lucky one. I’ve had rotten luck with men, but you’re proving each of my fears wrong. One by one, they’re falling away.”
“I’ll give you as much time as you need. I’m not going anywhere, and I trust you completely. If you were anyone else, especially after Rene, I probably wouldn’t.” He kissed her, and she wrapped herself around him, which made him hard all over again.
Unable to resist the lure of her sweet embrace, he rolled on top and made slow, sweet love to her. His mouth taking hers, their tongues stroking each other. He wanted to tell her that he loved her, but she wasn’t ready. For now, he’d show her with his actions.
She came again, and he loved how she always seemed surprised when he brought her yet another orgasm. He followed, and rolled to her side to hold her as she drifted to sleep.
Whoever had come before him obviously fucked up. And bad. He wanted to beat the hell out of anyone who’d ever hurt his woman. And she was his. There was no denying his heart belonged to her. There wasn’t a single thing he wouldn’t do for her.
Sooner or later, they would have to tell everyone. People were starting to wonder. They spent all of their free time together. It was a miracle no one had brought up their relationship.
Chapter 13


Somewhat nervous, Mila waited for Barb to get there. Cherish helped make pizzas while Ash twined around their feet. Kyle was due as soon as he was done at the firehouse.
All these feelings were new. Happiness, and the sliver of fear that it could fall apart. If Barb didn’t like him, she wasn’t sure what she would do. Her best friend had accurately called every one of her past relationships early on. Granted there weren’t many. Still, she was anxious to hear what Barb thought of Kyle.
If she approved, Mila was going to stop hiding their relationship. Cadence and Gavin knew. So did Dee. For the rest of the small town, it was getting hard to pretend they were nothing but friends.
The doorbell rang and Mila hurried to get the door. Cherish beat her there and threw it open.
“Hello, munchkin!” Barb swept Cherish up into a hug, then handed her a gift.
“Thank you, thank you, thank you!” she squealed and opened it. It was a book Barb read to her when Cherish used to stay the night. “I love it. Thank you.”
Mila squeezed Barb. “Here, let me take your bags to the guestroom, and I’ll be right down.”
“That can wait.” Barb nodded at the driveway and turned to Cherish. “How about you introduce me to your furry friend?” 
Cherish picked the kitten up with a grin and excitedly told Barb all about Ash, school, and anything else that came to mind. 
Mila held the door open for Kyle who approached with a bottle of wine, and another of cider. She heard Barb and Cherish behind her, but couldn’t tear her eyes away from Kyle’s warm smile.
“Hey, Mila, Cherish, and I’m guessing Barb.” He held his hand out, and then froze as he looked at her oldest friend. The color drained from his face.
Mila’s eyes widened as her nervousness turned to fear.
“Barb Tylesky?” he uttered. “Married to Anthony Tylesky?”
“That’s me,” Barb frowned. “Do I know you?”
“Sort of.” He turned to Mila, and her stomach bottomed out at the look of shock on his face. She could hardly catch her breath as she stood there frozen. “What were you for Halloween six years ago?”
“A devil,” she answered, barely audible. “You?”
“Phantom of the Opera.”
“Shit.” She sat down hard on the stairs. No wonder he’s so damned familiar. His eyes, his voice, his body, the way he touches me. “Shit.” She swallowed hard, looking into her daughter’s father’s eyes. She couldn’t begin to read the emotion staring back at her.
“Oh wow, uh...” Barb blinked, looking from one to the other before grabbing Cherish’s hand and scooping up Ash. “Hey, can you show me your room? I want to see what you’ve done with it.”
“Is that okay, Mommy?” Cherish asked, looking concerned.
“Uh, yeah. Sure.” She nodded. Barb took her daughter upstairs and shut the door.
“Oh god,” Mila whispered.
I left him. I walked out. He must hate me. This can’t be happening. Everything was going right, and now it’s going to fall apart.
Kyle still stood by the door, staring at her in open shock. “That was your one-night stand?”
She nodded slowly, her chest constricting painfully. She was going to hyperventilate if she didn’t get a grip.
“You didn’t mention you never saw his face. You never said it was on Halloween.” He set the bottles down, and knelt in front of her. At least he wasn’t running. She expected him to—she deserved it.
“What was I supposed to say? It was bad enough I didn’t know your name.”
“Do you hate me?” he asked brokenly, tears flooding his eyes.
It felt like her heart was being torn out. Tears leaked down her face, and for the first time she truly regretted leaving now that she knew the truth. 
“Mila, do you?” he whispered.
She sucked in a breath. “For what? I’m the one who left that morning. I freaked out. When I woke up, and we were still wearing our masks, I thought it would be better if I snuck out. I didn’t know then. Oh god, I’m sorry.” She couldn’t begin to stop the tears.
Fear kept her from having the one thing that could have been right. Now her decision was going to tear everything apart.

* * * *

I’m a dad!
His thoughts raced. Kyle wanted to comfort Mila, but he wasn’t sure what to say, or even what to think.
Does this change anything? No! Hell, it made sense. From the second he heard them next door he was drawn to them both. He loved that little girl immediately. And Mila—his heart belonged to her already.
Then the oven timer went off, and he needed to gather his thoughts. He wasn’t letting her go—his woman or his daughter. 
She was too stunned to move, and he didn’t blame her. He smiled sweetly. “I’ll get that.”
Walking to the kitchen, he took a second to process.
Was he shocked? Yes, but who wouldn’t be. He never imagined Mila was the little devil who haunted his dreams for years.
Mila, on the other hand, looked like she was about to pass out. Mutely, she followed him to the kitchen, but stood against the fridge with her arms wound tight around her waist.
He pulled the finished pizzas out of the oven, and put the last one in, before going back to her.
“Mila, come here, honey.” When she didn’t move, he took her shoulders, pulled her into his arms, and wiped away her tears. “Listen to me, this doesn’t change much. Means I want to be here for Cherish, especially once we figure out how to tell her. Plus, I want you to know, I was already falling hard for you. Now it all makes sense.”
Her voice broke, “You aren’t mad?”
“For what, baby? For not telling me when you didn’t know? For keeping her from me when you had no clue who I was? I feel like such an asshole now. I should have told you my name, but you shut that down when Barb wanted introductions. I was recently out of a screwed up relationship, so I went with it, thinking I had time to coax it out of you. And there you were, so damned sexy I couldn’t keep my hands to myself. Christ, it’s probably why that first time was a total sense of déjà vu.”
“No shit,” she muttered. “I don’t even know where to start. I’m the one who left. I never expected to see you again. Him—you—shit…”
Kyle placed his mouth over hers, to stop her from rambling. He kissed her slow and deep. As always, it felt right, so damned right. 
Leaning back, he looked into her eyes. “I wondered why your tattoo looked familiar. There was no color then, but I remember tracing the outline after we collapsed the first time I made love to you.”
“Mommy? What’s going on?” Cherish asked quietly.
Mila jumped, looking over at Cherish with wide eyes. “Uh, um…” She was pale, and trembling.
My daughter. That thought alone made him happier than he ever imagined, and the fact he was in love with her mother made it that much sweeter.
Kyle squeezed Mila, wishing he had a few more minutes to come up with a game plan, but he winged it, turning Cherish with a smile. 
My daughter. Our daughter. 
“Your mom had a big surprise. She’s okay. We need to give her a few minutes though. Maybe you can help me with the pizza? We can set the table, and your mom can visit with Barb.”
“Okay.” Cherish grinned, and he desperately wanted to tell her, but there had to be a better way than blurting it out.

* * * *

“Come on, Mila.” Barb smiled. “Let’s catch up.” She dragged her out to the front porch with wide eyes. “So your next door neighbor is your Phantom of the Opera? And you just figured that out?”
Still in shock, her hands trembled. She shoved them in her pockets and gulped with a shrug. Too many emotions raced through her to pick one. “We wore masks all night long, and weren’t doing a lot of talking.”
“I remember. He nearly nailed you against the wall in the living room. Where did you two wind up going?”
“His apartment.” She winced. “I know, it sounds so bad. I um… wow. I even tried to find him, after I realized I was pregnant, but he wasn’t at the apartment anymore. The girl didn’t know who lived there before her, and I didn’t want to look like a stalker by asking the office. I didn’t have anything to go on.”
“I would have helped you look if you asked.”
“Would it have made a difference? Honestly?”
She frowned. “I’ll ask Anthony if he remembers Kyle. But you’re probably right. He never did know who the phantom was at the party, and I did ask that night.”
“I figured he would have told you if he knew.”
“Good point.”
The sound of a car pulling into her driveway caught Mila’s attention. Rene sat in the driver seat.
“Shh,” Mila warned. “Please don’t bring any of this up until that woman leaves. I’m begging you. That’s his ex, and she already hates my guts.”
Barb’s eyes widened, a laugh escaping. “Oh my.”
Rene stormed up the driveway. “Where’s Kyle?”
“Inside. Why?”
“I need to talk to him.” She marched onto the porch, and reached for the door.
Mila stepped in her path and crossed her arms over her chest as she glared back at the blond bimbo. “Oh no you don’t. This is my home. I’ll go get him.”
Barb moved, blocking the door as Mila turned to go inside.
Mila slipped through the door, locking it in case Rene was that bold. She found Kyle in the kitchen cutting pizzas while Cherish set the table. “Let me take over. Someone is waiting for you on the porch.”
“She’s here?” Kyle snorted. “I’ll send Barb in. Sorry to wreck your reunion with one crazy thing after another. On the bright-side, the night can’t get much stranger.”
His joking immediately put her at ease. She managed a small smile. “It’s okay. We’ll figure it out.”
“We will, I promise.” He caressed her arm before stepping outside.
Cherish gave her a funny look, but Mila didn’t have a clue what to say. Never in her wildest dreams did she expect to find the Phantom again, let alone fall in love with him.
What is Rene doing here anyway?

* * * *

“Barb, Mila could use a hand,” Kyle told her, offering Mila’s friend an escape. Barb looked almost as surprised as he was.
“All righty.” She shot Rene a withering look before going inside.
Rene’s smile turned cruel. “You couldn’t bang your teacher friend, so you brought another woman to show off?”
He didn’t bother to correct her. Instead he demanded, “Why are you here?”
“Why are you?”
He barely held back his growl. “I was invited. You were not. Why are you here?”
She stepped closer, her smile softening in an attempt to be seductive, and trailed a single finger down his chest.
Kyle grabbed her wrist, firmly pushing her away. “Don’t touch me. Just tell me what you want.”
Rene batted her lashes. “I want you back. I love you, and I was wrong to try to get you to change your job.”
“Yeah, well it’s too late, don’t you think? I’m over you. Sorry, but that’s the way it goes. Now leave.”
“And if I won’t?” she demanded, her eyes narrowing to tiny slits.
He lifted a shoulder in an unconcerned shrug. “I’ll have Mila call the police for trespassing. She doesn’t want a scene. She wants some peace.”
“Then why are you here? If it’s not for the blond.”
“The blond is her friend, and happens to be married with kids.”
“So you’re free? Why won’t you come out with me?”
“I have plans. Goodbye.”
“Fine. Be an asshole!” Rene sauntered off.
“Right,” he muttered. “I’m not the one who tried to manipulate you into changing your whole life.”
Kyle took a deep breath and went inside. He locked the door and found everyone at the table. Barb was filling them in about her kids.
When she paused he spoke up, “Hey, sorry about that. She won’t get it through her head I’m no longer interested.”
Barb nodded. “I think I need to hear more of this story, but later.”
“Who was out there?” Cherish asked innocently.
“One of Kyle’s friends needed a word with him,” Mila answered.
She was an angel. Not only did she let the crap roll off, she refused to drag Rene through the mud when she truly deserved to be. He couldn’t understand what he ever saw in Rene. Compared to his future, the past was bleak.
Cherish’s little fingers tapped away at the table as she turned to Barb. She started explaining at a hundred miles an hour, “Kyle is the fireman who lives next door. He gave me Ash. He’s sweet, and Mom thinks he’s cute, and nice. And I think she has a crush on him.”
“Baby, she already knows,” Mila told her with a smile.
Kyle wanted to answer but wasn’t sure what to say at this point.
Cherish looked to her mom, her brow wrinkling. “Why isn’t he your boyfriend? You like him. I thought when a boy and girl like-like each other they were girlfriend and boyfriend.”
“Uh, he sort of is,” Mila answered weakly.
A weight lifted off his chest. They were a step closer to not hiding what they shared, and who he was. He was past ready for everyone to know what he felt for Mila, and Cherish, both. He only worried Mila would hold him at a distance, questioning his motive to take their relationship further. The fact that they shared a daughter may urge him to take things faster, but in reality, he was only holding back allowing Mila time to trust him.
“I knew it.” Cherish bounced off her chair and hugged Kyle. “You’re perfect for Mommy. Cadence and Auntie Dee both say so.”
He hugged her back, meeting Mila’s gaze. “Thank you, and I couldn’t ask for two better girls.”
“Me too?” His daughter lit up as she stepped back to look at him. His heart couldn’t get any fuller.
Mila’s smile faded and she chewed her lip. Now wasn’t the time to admit who he was. That would come, sooner or later. Hopefully sooner, but he was willing to be patient.
“Yeah, you too, munchkin. You two are a package deal, and I wouldn’t trade either of you for the world.”
Barb grinned at Mila and leaned over to whisper something in her ear. Color filled Mila’s cheeks, and Barb laughed out loud.
Kyle’s whole world settled into place. “Time to eat. Dinner’s getting cold.”
Chapter 14


“Goodnight, Kyle.” Cherish hugged him, then went to Barb and did the same. “Night, Auntie Barb. You’re going to be here in the morning?”
“Yes, honey, I will be.” Barb winked at Cherish. “Now get your butt up to bed, and maybe we’ll sneak out to get donuts in the morning before mommy wakes up.”
“Ooh, I know everyone’s favorites! We have to invite Kyle, he likes the caramel mocha ones.”
Barb giggled. “All right.”
“I’ll be right back,” Mila told Kyle and then tugged Cherish toward the stairs, pausing to scoop Ash up.
As soon as the bedroom door shut, Barb turned to him with a grin. “So you never got her name all those years ago?”
He lifted a shoulder in a shrug, and offered a weak smile. “We were preoccupied.”
“But you kept the masks on?” Barb laughed out loud. “You two were all over each other. Please tell me the rest came off.”
“It did. She didn’t want the masks off, so I obliged, thinking I had time to convince her.” He sighed. “You probably think I’m an asshole.” He definitely felt like one.
“I think you were exactly what she needed then, and now I’m positive you’re what she’s always needed. She’s not the type who would have kept such a secret if she had a way to contact you. I swear, she wouldn’t have. Hell, she tried to find you, even though she realized it was pretty unlikely.”
“I know. She’s perfect.” Kyle sighed, looking up the stairs. “So is Cherish. I only wish I’d known, because even if Mila wouldn’t have had me, I would have done anything and everything for my little girl. I still will.”
“That, I definitely believe.”
“I’m excited to tell her, but I have no clue how.”
“You’ll figure it out.”
He nodded, a smile on his lips as he looked up the stairs again.
Barb chimed in with, “What’s with ho-bag Barbie being your ex? And not to mention showing up here? Can we say tacky?” She half-laughed and he liked her even better.
“I dumped her a year ago when she wouldn’t stop trying to get me to work for her dad. She’s delusional, believing I’ll eventually take her back. Rene is one of the many reasons I hope Mila will want to go public with our relationship. I get her being nervous, and wanting to keep us under wraps. And now—” He didn’t even know what to think.
“She’s a very private person. Especially after Cherish. She’s been hurt, so be careful with her. Okay? If things don’t work out, she’ll understand, but don’t be cruel.”
“I won’t, but I don’t see that being a problem. I don’t want to leave her. She’s everything I’ve been looking for, and then some, in all the best ways.”
“I’ll tell you something. You’re already boosting her confidence. Kissing her stretch marks. Praising her for her choices. You’re already a hundred times better than the men in her past.”
“You are, Kyle,” Mila agreed as she came down the stairs. “We need to figure out how to tell Cherish. I won’t keep her from you.”
“Are you still going to come to the barbeque tomorrow? Gavin and Cadence invited Barb as well.”
“Yeah, if you want me there.”
“I do, and I was hoping you would go with-me-with-me.”
“Should I go upstairs a while? Or maybe you two head next door?” Barb suggested quietly.
Mila shook her head, but smiled at Kyle. “Yes, I’ll go as your date.” She turned to Barb. “No, you don’t have to hide. If we need privacy, we can step outside a minute.”
His heart paused, and he smiled back at her. This was a step in the right direction.
Barb squeezed her shoulder. “All right.”
He wanted to hold her all night, but the timing was bad. He took her hands. “Actually, please come outside with me? I know you want to catch up with Barb, so I’ll leave, but I want to talk to you first.” There were a couple things that needed to be said before she had a chance to question her feelings.

* * * *

Mila smiled at Barb and shrugged before stepping onto the back porch. Kyle pulled her against his body and wrapped his arms around her.
His voice was tender. “Mila, honey, are you still worried?”
She half-laughed. “For about a million reasons, but probably not what you think.”
“Does this change things for you?”
“No, but I’ll be honest. I hope Cherish isn’t the only reason you want to take us public.”
He took her face in his hands, staring into her eyes. “I’ve wanted to take us public since the moment you admitted you were attracted to me, Mila. Tonight’s wonderful revelation has nothing to do with me wanting to be with you. I don’t want to let you go, and I haven’t since the beginning.”
Mila was overwhelmed and couldn’t believe he was taking this so well. She took a breath and asked again, “You aren’t upset about the whole situation?”
“Would you have kept her from me?” he asked softly.
She shook her head. “I swear, I never thought I’d see you again. I drove back to the campus. There was a woman in your apartment by the time I got up the nerve. I didn’t have enough information to find you.”
Kyle nodded, caressing her face. “Sorry. I had finished up my last credits that quarter and was back home.”
“The only thing I regret about that night was not learning your name. I—”
He stopped her with a kiss. Looking into her eyes, he told her, “It’s in the past, and we can make up for lost time. You’ve haunted my dreams for years, Mila, but I never expected you were my little devil.”
“It’s funny. Your hands, your mouth, even your voice were familiar. Then when we first made love a couple of week ago, it felt a lot like that night. I thought I was crazy.”
“Same here. Like déjà vu. Except that night, you were so bold, and I’m sure I was more aggressive than I have been. Outside of the bedroom, you’re so reserved and hesitant I banished the notion you could be my little devil.”
She smiled back at him. “I didn’t think it possible I would ever run into my phantom again, but I’m glad I did.”
“So, tomorrow?” he prodded hopefully.
“Yes, I’ll come with you as your date. I want your coworkers and friends to get used to me. I’ll admit to being afraid how they’ll take the rest of it.”
He pressed his forehead to hers. “Doesn’t matter. As long as you and Cherish are happy, I don’t care. I’m sure Gavin and Cadence will be shocked, but they’ll be on our side, rooting for us.”
“You, they’ll be happy for you,” Mila pointed out.
“Us.” He brushed his lips over hers. “Cadence considers you a friend. Gavin thinks you’re the best thing to ever happen to me. And you know how I feel about you.”
She glanced away, not sure how much he truly felt for her. “I know you care about me, you desire me. You obviously care about Cherish.”
“Well, Mila, if you haven’t figured it out,” he kissed her cheek, bringing her gaze back to his, “I’m falling for you.” He kissed the outer corner of her mouth. “Fallen is more accurate.” He kissed her lips, feather-light and caressed her face. “So give me a chance, Mila, let me show you.”
She covered his hand with hers and leaned into his touch. “I’m falling for you too. But I’m afraid this will all implode.”
“We won’t.”
“Sunday, can you wait until then to tell Cherish? I want it to just be the three of us. She lights up every time you’re around. I know she’ll be happy, but I don’t know how to even start this conversation.”
He grinned, nodding enthusiastically. “I like the sound of that. Just the three of us. By then we can figure out how to tell her.”
“Direct is the best way to go.”
“Sunday afternoon it is. Now go in and catch up with your friend. If she goes to sleep, maybe call me to come back over. If not, I’ll see you tomorrow morning. I’ll bring you a chai. And if you tell me what Barb likes, I’ll bring her something too.”
“Kyle, you’re too good to be real.” She kissed his palm. “Tomorrow we can figure out how to tell Cherish. Thank you for not hating me.”
“I could never hate you, sweetheart. You didn’t know. I didn’t know.” He pressed his mouth to hers, sweet and gentle before backing down the porch. “I’ll see you later.”
“Goodnight.” She let herself in after he went through the gate.
Barb was standing at the doorway to the kitchen. “Wow, you found one incredible guy. He’s so yummy.”
“Yeah.” Mila blushed. “He is. What do I do? I was just getting used to seeing him, and he adores Cherish, but what if we don’t work out?”
“Why are you so paranoid? He’s not like any of your old boyfriends. He seems to genuinely care. You said he wasn’t pressuring you.”
“He isn’t, and he’s wonderful with Cherish. When she was so upset last week, he gave her the kitten, after clearing it with me. He has a way of making everything better.”
“For you too. Tonight could have been completely awkward, but he made the best of it, and brought your smile back. He’s going to stay, Mila. He’s not letting you go.”
“I hope you’re right.”
“I am. However, it is pretty damned funny he remembers me, but didn’t know who you were.”
Mila groaned at her own stupidity. “Our masks were on the whole time. God, how moronic is that? It added a flare of adventure and mystery. He only tried to take his mask off once, asked about it a couple times, but when I said no, he didn’t argue. Why was he there anyway?”
“I texted Anthony. He says they went to college together. Remember, the party was for their frat house. He says Kyle’s a nice guy, at least was. He didn’t keep up with him after college, and wasn’t real close to him. Probably why he couldn’t tell who it was with the mask on.”
“Wow, it’s a small world. You weren’t wearing a mask, and you always stand out in a crowd, which is likely why he remembered your face.”
“You’re memorable too, even if you don’t think so. I’m sure all the boys in your class have crushes on you.”
“Yeah, let’s not go there. That’s too weird and I refuse to think about it.” Mila shuddered, and not in a good way.
Switching topics, Barb asked, “I’m invited to this barbeque tomorrow?”
“Yeah, and I’m going as Kyle’s date. I’ve met Gavin, but not the rest of the guys he works with. I’m nervous.”
“Don’t be. They’ll love you.”
“I hope Rene doesn’t show up. That woman is so damned catty.”
“Uh yeah. What’s the story with her?”
Mila explained what she knew, even though it wasn’t much.
Chapter 15


Mila never called the night before, but the lights were on half the night. She had a lot to talk about with her best friend. A part of him was worried, but he was ready to fight for her if she tried to shut herself away.
It was still early, but Mila was an early-riser. He missed her, and their little girl. Sure, he could have been mad, could have felt betrayed, but he experienced none of those emotions. Now, more than ever, he wanted Mila to see his heart was with her and Cherish.
Showered, and dressed, he hurried over to their backdoor. Mila was starting a pot of coffee, probably for Barb because she didn’t drink it. There was a kettle steaming on the stove.
Cherish and Barb were nowhere in sight. He tapped on the window, and she looked over.
Her face lit up, but he saw the doubt in her eyes. She still rushed to the door to let him in. “Hey, Kyle. Sorry I didn’t call. I was up until four.”
“And it’s seven? You look amazing, as always.” He swept her hair behind her ear and placed a light kiss on her lips. “So, when will Barb wake up? And what will she want to drink from the cafe?”
“Mocha, she’s pretty easy where coffee’s concerned. She should be up within the hour, but I don’t mind making breakfast.”
“How about I grab donuts and drinks for everyone? That way you can have an easy morning.” Kyle leaned in for a slow kiss. 
She melted into his embrace as he pulled her tighter. “Sounds like a plan.”
After one more kiss, he walked down to the café, feeling a million times better.
Cadence happened to be ordering donuts when he stepped inside Novel Grounds.
He nudged her shoulder. “Hey, how are you?”
“Hey you. I’m good. What’s up?”
“I’m picking up drinks and donuts.”
“For who?” Cadence gave him a sly grin.
“Cherish, Mila, her friend Barb, and myself. Barb will be at the barbeque. I talked Mila into going with me.”
“Ooh,” she winced, “I’m happy for you, but Rene is going to be there as Mitch’s date—guaranteed to be a scene. Figured I should warn you.”
“Doesn’t matter. I’m not letting her control my life. The woman isn’t getting it. Hopefully Mila coming as my date will get the message across. Besides, people are going to have to get used to us together, ‘cause I’m not letting her go.”
Neither Mila or Cherish. He almost told Mila he loved her, wanted to, but had a feeling she wasn’t ready to hear it. He came close enough last night.
“I am happy for you. And rooting for you both. But you know Rene, and I don’t want her scaring Mila away. I want her to stick around.” Cadence shrugged. “I’ll talk to Gavin, see if he can’t convince his sister to stay away, but that may backfire.”
“Yeah, I know. I should call Gavin later.” Kyle grinned, genuinely happy.
“Oh yeah, what about?”
“Not here. I’ll talk to you guys later. Okay?”
“All right, but are you going to tell me? Or is it something hinky?”
Kyle laughed. “No, not hinky. You could call it a crazy turn of events. I’ll tell you later. Maybe tomorrow. I promise, it’s great news.”
“I’ll trust you.” Cadence smirked.

* * * *

Cherish came charging down the stairs with Ash in her arms. She wore the ruffliest pink skirt he’d ever seen, and a pink and black striped top. Her hair was in pigtails. His little girl was precious, and he’d felt that from the second he laid eyes on her, even before he realized she was his.
Yeah, knowing he missed five years of her life hurt, but that wasn’t anyone’s fault. Who would have guessed? The beautiful child was theirs to cherish. Mila had picked the perfect name.
Now he planned to claim Mila in front of everyone. It seemed like forever since she admitted she wanted more than friendship. 
Insane, maybe, but he wanted to ask for more. He could already envision that conversation. Mila would assume it was because of last night’s revelation. Truth was, he knew he was looking at the woman he was going to fall for when she was laughing with her daughter in their front yard.
Timing wasn’t working in his favor, but again, no one’s fault. Mila was worth waiting for, and so was Cherish. Patience was the name of the game.
Barb followed Cherish down, and whispered something in her ear.
Cherish beamed up at him. “Kyle, Mommy dressed up and that is super rare. She’s extra pretty.”
“Your momma is always pretty. I doubt she could get much prettier,” Kyle winked at her.
Barb grinned. “Wait for it, and memorize the moment. It’s not often you’ll get her in a dress. I talked her into it, though. And makeup.”
Mila came down the stairs, “You better hush, Barb, or I’ll go change.” The threat made him smile. He knew she’d do it.
Then he saw her.
Kyle was off the chair, dumbstruck as he stared at her. Christ, he could hardly breathe. Her dress was conservatively cut, but the color…
The red fabric hugged all the best places, while the skirt flowed to her knees. It went well with her olive complexion and rich chocolate curls. Her face was no longer simply stunning, but breathtaking.
It was a miracle he found his voice. “Please don’t change. You look phenomenal.”
Cherish frowned up at him. “What does phe-phena…” her nose wrinkled, “that word mean?”
Kyle smiled down at her. “That you were right. She is extra pretty.”
Mila blushed, looking up the stairs with a frown. “Maybe I should go change.”
“Oh, no, you don’t.” He pulled her into his embrace. “I like the dress, I like the makeup, except now I feel like I shouldn’t kiss those—oh so red—lips and mess up your lipstick.” The same red as that Halloween night. Oh god, had he seen her in the lipstick, he would have figured it out.
She took a step back. “Now, I’m sure I should change. I knew it was a bad idea to go to a barbeque all dressed up.”
“If you’re more comfortable, then change, but you look lovely.” He kissed her nose. “Your choice,” but he hoped she wouldn’t.
“All right, all right. I’m ready.” She went to the kitchen to grab the pies she’d made earlier. Kyle beat her to them.
Grinning, he scooped both up. “Everyone is going to love your pies. Let me carry them at least.”
Blushing, she nodded. “Okay.”
Cherish set Ash on his bed with his toys and turned to Mila. “Come on, Mommy. We need to go. Jenny’s waiting for me.” Cherish grabbed Mila’s hand, and beamed up at Kyle. “Let’s go.”
This was where he belonged. With his woman and his girl. Sometimes things had a way of working out.

* * * *

Cherish rang the bell. Jenny and Cadence answered the door seconds later. “Hello, come in.”
Mila greeted her new friend, “Hi, Cadence. This is my best friend Barb. Barb, Cadence, and her little girl, Jenny.”
Squealing, Jenny grabbed Cherish and shouted, “Let’s go play,” and took off on a mad dash for the backyard.
“Have fun,” Mila called and watched her daughter bounce out of the house. Kyle watched Cherish with such adoration and happiness it squeezed her heart.
Guilt twisted through her until he caught her gaze and smiled, his dimples deepening, and she saw all the emotions she was afraid to admit shining back at her.
Why am I fighting my feelings? He’s the one.
“Let’s put the pies over here.” Cadence nudged Kyle who blinked and nodded.
“Right, sure thing.” He placed a quick kiss on Mila’s cheek and set the pies on the counter as instructed.
“So, Barb,” Cadence turned to her, “I hear you’re visiting Mila. It’s a pleasure to have you over. Come on, let’s get you both introduced to everyone.” She gave Mila another curious look, and grinned. “That means you too. I hear you’re officially here as Kyle’s date. But I should warn you, Rene will be coming with one of his coworkers.”
“Sorry,” Kyle turned to her, “I was hoping Gavin would convince her to stay away, but likely ensured she would show up.”
“Not your fault. She’s Gavin’s sister, and has every right to come to his barbeque.” Mila didn’t have the time to worry about some jealous ex-girlfriend.
“You’re an angel.” Kyle pulled her into the line of his body, then whispered in her ear, “And my little devil.”
Color flooded her cheeks. “Stop.”
Barb grinned, and glanced at Cadence. “They’re cute together.”
“I’m thrilled Kyle found someone who makes him smile like that.” Cadence giggled.
“Like what?” Mila frowned.
“Like you’re his whole world. He gives Cherish that same smile.”
She looked back at Kyle, who shrugged. “Yeah, and that was before last night.”
“It was,” Cadence agreed. “But what happened last night?”
Barb shrugged, and looked away. Mila couldn’t answer to save her life.
“We’ll talk about it later. Not here,” Kyle said quietly. “Nothing bad, I swear.”
“I am too curious, but I’ll let it slide. Come on, everyone is here.”
And wow, everyone stopped to stare at her as they stepped onto the deck. She was tempted to go home and change, even though she wasn’t overdressed. Most of the women wore dresses or skirts. The men were wearing khakis, no t-shirts in sight. Still, she felt uncomfortable under all the curiosity directed at her.
Normal, this is normal. He’s their friend and co-worker, and most of them have never seen us together.
Kyle wrapped his arm around her waist and gently led her toward a group of his friends. After a few minutes of friendly introductions, she began to relax.
Chapter 16


“So, what’s the story? What’s going on with you and Mila? I thought it was all hush-hush. Why the sudden change?” Gavin peppered him with questions as they drove to the store for more beer and brats.
“She decided it was okay for people to know, that’s all.” They agreed to wait to tell everyone about him being a father. Besides, he had a feeling Rene was going to throw a fit when that came out. Not like it would change his mind about anything. “I only hope your sister doesn’t push her away.”
“My sister is a bitch, and I wish you remembered that before getting involved with her. I know it seemed like she had changed, but damn, she screwed you over like she always does everyone.” Gavin sighed and looked over at him. “She keeps begging me to talk some sense into you. I told her I have, and that’s why you won’t see her again.” He winked.
Kyle groaned. “That’s harsh. I try to simply ignore her. I see the game she’s playing, but it’s not going to work. Besides, she showed up last night, while I was having dinner with Mila, Cher, and Barb.”
“Cher?” his old buddy laughed.
Kyle glared at Gavin. “Cherish, you know damn well who I’m referring to.”
Gavin chuckled. “There’s more to the story. Spill.”
“I promised I wouldn’t. Okay? Drop it for now. I don’t want the reveal to be an issue tonight,” Kyle told him firmly.
“Fine, but I’m dying to know. Cadence is too.”
“Of course you are, you nosey bastard. You stay here, I’ll run in.” Kyle hopped out, grabbed the things they needed, and hurried back.
When he climbed back into the truck Gavin shook his head.
“What?”
“Nothing. Not asking. You already told me not to.” He sighed. “Remember, I’ve been your friend since kindergarten, and you know I’m here for you, whatever you need. Is she in trouble? Mila, that is?”
“No, god no. It’s nothing bad, but it can’t come out like this. I’ll tell you soon.”
“Right, fine, dropped,” Gavin grumbled as he fired up the truck.

* * * *

Mila was coming back from freshening up when she stepped onto the porch.
Rene blocked her path. As usual, she was dressed in some expensive chic outfit, and appeared on the plastic side of perfect. Her tone dripped venom. “What are you doing here?”
Thankfully, no one else was around. Still, Mila offered a pleasant smile, hoping to avoid a scene. “I was invited.”
“By whom?” The woman glared daggers at Mila.
A part of her wanted to lay into Rene, but she didn’t want to give Cherish a bad example, and didn’t need the attention. So, she held her temper in check and answered in a calm voice. “Cadence, Kyle, even Gavin made sure to invite me.”
“I’ve heard you’re here with Kyle. As his date.” Her eyes narrowed, her smirk cutting. “Yet he’s nowhere in sight? You do something to make him leave? And then stayed? That’s tacky, these people are his friends, not yours.”
Cadence stepped up beside her and put an arm around Mila. “Rene, you need to check your attitude. Kyle went to the store with your brother. Besides, didn’t you come with Mitch? So why are you worried about Kyle and his date?”
“I was hoping Mitch would take Mila home, so I could have Kyle to myself,” she answered honestly.
Taken aback, Mila stared at Rene. “That’s ridiculous. I’m not going home with another man.”
“Why? Because of your daughter? Or your friend? You could have your friend watch your precious little bastard, so you could go have some real fun.” Her eyes sparkled with malice.
It took all her will not to slap Rene.
Cadence shook her head her eyes narrowed. “You can take your shitty attitude and leave, Rene.”
Mila took a slow breath and turned to walk away. Barb stepped up and got in Rene’s face. “What is wrong with you? You’re a mean, nasty bitch. What has Mila done to you?”
Mila touched Barb’s shoulder. “Don’t, Barb. She’s not worth it.” She looked back to Cadence. “Really, I don’t want a scene.”
Rene challenged, “You’re afraid you’d lose if you went up against me.”
That wasn’t it, but commenting wouldn’t stop the debacle.
“What’s the problem?” Kyle asked as he came around the house.
More attention was being drawn and Mila wanted to crawl in a hole. It was better to go.
Rene rounded on him, her hands on her hips. “You’re going to choose a slut with a bastard kid over a woman you were with for two years? Me, who you’ve known since we were kids?”
Mila shot Barb a look of warning, then tried to slip away to get Cherish. Before she made it off the porch, Kyle wrapped his arm around her.
He gently caught her face, forcing her gaze to his. “Don’t go, please.” He glanced back at Rene. “I left you months ago. You didn’t even want me, you wanted a puppet to bend to your will. That’s not me. I’m happy, and with someone who accepts me for me. But even if I hadn’t captured Mila’s attention, I wouldn’t come back to you.”
Rene jabbed a finger Mila’s way. “You, you stupid bitch, you can’t give him what he needs.”
“Mommy,” Cherish looked up at her, “Why is that woman so mean to you?”
Mila closed her eyes, and struggled to find the words to set a good example for her daughter. After a pause, she grudgingly explained, “She’s upset, and that’s not very nice to say, honey.”
Kyle’s brow arched as he stared at Mila in surprise.
She gave him a pleading look. The last thing she wanted was more attention, which they were quickly gathering.
He sighed as he knelt down to make eye contact with Cherish. “Because Rene isn’t getting her way. Sometimes, people aren’t very nice when they can’t have what they want, but your mother is right, that isn’t very nice to say.”
Cherish frowned and looked up at the woman. “Sorry.” She didn’t sound like she was, and Mila had to fight back her smile.
“Really? You want Miss Prim-and-Proper? One who won’t even stand up for herself?” Rene shook her head. “Maybe I was wrong. Maybe you aren’t fun anymore.” She motioned to Mitch and stomped off through the house.
“I should go,” Mila whispered to Kyle. “I hate causing a scene.”
“Sweetheart, you didn’t cause that. She did. And she’s leaving.”
“Mommy, I still want to play. Can I? Please? Remember, Jenny is coming over.”
That was right. “Yeah, okay,” Mila answered, feeling defeated.
“Hey, Mila, don’t let her get to you.” Joe grinned as he came to stand beside them. He was one of the guys from the firehouse. “She’ll back off when she realizes she doesn’t have a chance.”
Gavin added, “My sister doesn’t have her head on straight. We all want you here, especially Kyle.” Gavin reached out and squeezed her hand. “And I prefer you over my sister any day of the week. You make an excellent pie, and you make Kyle happy.” Then he looked at Jenny and Cherish with a grin. “Besides, I think Jenny would riot if you drag Cherish out, she likes your daughter a lot better than her aunt.” He winked.
Mila couldn’t help smiling, “All right, all right, I won’t go. I probably shouldn’t, but I feel bad your sister is leaving because of me.”
“She’s leaving because she’s a selfish…” he looked over to see all the kids further out in the yard and whispered, “bitch, but I keep hoping one day she’ll learn. It was Mitch who invited her. I couldn’t talk her out of coming.”
Joe nodded and half-laughed. “I give Mitch another week before he figures out how Rene really is.”
Everyone gave some affirmative sign before breaking off into their own conversations.
Barb smiled at her, and went to chat with Cadence, while Kyle pulled her to a quiet corner. “Are you all right?”
“Embarrassed,” she whispered.
He kissed her, soft and sweet, “Don’t be, sweetheart. No one here blames you for that mess. They all like you. Besides, if Rene keeps causing a scene, I’ll do all the get-togethers at my place and make sure she knows she’s not invited.”
“That’s ridiculous. Gavin won’t shut his sister out. You can’t expect him to.”
“I got news for you. He tried to stonewall her from coming. He’ll pick us over Rene any day. This isn’t the first time she’s pulled something like that, and not only with me. She’s done the same thing to a couple of the guys we work with. Guys who aren’t here because they got tired of her shit.”
“Look, let’s discuss something else. Okay?”
“Mmm, all right.” He laid another kiss on her, getting lipstick on him.
“Hey,” she pushed him back with a grin, and wiped the red from his mouth. “I should clean this off.” She backed toward the door. “Give me a minute.”
Barb joined her as she went to the bathroom. “Total keeper. Don’t you dare let him go.”
“I have a feeling he wouldn’t make it easy to walk away. He already cares about Cherish, and if I had any doubts about him, that wipes them all away. He’s everything I want and more.”
“Good, now take care of the smudged lipstick.” She winked. “And tonight, you should go visit your man. I’ll watch Cherish after she goes to bed. I promise to call if she wakes up, but I know you only stayed up with me because you felt obligated. That or invite him over, I won’t mind.”
“We’ll see, but Jenny is staying the night. So I can’t exactly leave.”
Cadence snuck up on them. “Sure you can. I trust Barb, she’s a mom too. I hope she’ll come up with her girls next time.”
“Ooh, good idea, and I’ll bring Tony too. I think the guys will all have a blast.”
“Definitely bring the whole family,” Mila said. She turned to Cadence. “If I go over to Kyle’s, I won’t stay all night,” Mila offered quickly, still not sure she would leave in the first place.
“If you’re that worried, have Kyle stay. I trust him with my daughter. For future reference, he’s an excellent babysitter.”
Mila grinned. “He is pretty amazing with kids.”
Chapter 17


Kyle had gone home to let the girls “go to sleep.” He paced through his living room, waiting. There were a million things he wanted to say to Mila.
It nearly gutted him when she tried to leave Gavin’s after his sister decided to be a royal bitch. Maybe it was paranoia, but he kept wondering if she would find a way to shut him out. He hoped not.
Mila finally texted him, Come over. They’re asleep.
Be right there.
He didn’t waste any time, heading through the gate, and up the steps. She stood at the door, waiting with a smile.
“Hi,” she whispered and nodded to the stairs.
He didn’t say a word. Instead, he took her hand and followed her to her room. Cherish and Jenny were bundled up in sleeping bags on the living room floor, Ash curled up contentedly between the girls. Barb was reading a book on the couch and waved as they passed.
Kyle held back his chuckle until they were behind the closed door. “Now,” he whispered, as he pulled her shirt over her head, “I’ve been craving you since Thursday.” He closed the distance to brush his lips over hers. “I missed you,” he nibbled down her neck, “making love to you,” then kissed his way up to her ear to whisper, “but most of all you.”
Opening his pants, she nodded. “I’m sorry. Until we figure this out, we can’t be with each other 24/7. First, we need to find a way to tell Cherish. I was thinking maybe tomorrow, after Barb heads to the airport. It’s best to be honest with her.”
His heart stuttered. “I can hardly wait.” He pulled Mila into his arms, and held her. Her hands flattened on his chest, her head resting against his shoulder. “I’m going to do whatever I need to do to prove we can work.”
“I know,” she whispered, but didn’t look at him.
Gently pushing her back, he looked into her eyes. “Then what’s wrong?”
“I don’t want you to feel obligated to me if we fall apart. To Cherish, sure, but not to me. I don’t want to trap you in a relationship where you aren’t happy.”
“Are you still worried about that? Because I have news for you. I…” he took a deep breath, and dove in, “I love you, Mila. I know it’s fast, but it didn’t take much for me to fall. Tell me you believe me.”
“I believe you believe, and I’m getting there. I need time.” She tried to step away, but Kyle banded his arms around her waist, hauling her back.
“Hey now, we’ll take this one day at a time, and see where it goes. So I have a deal to make.”
She tensed in his arms. “What’s that?”
“I won’t rush you, but you don’t push me away unless you have a good damned reason to. Got it?”
Relaxing slightly, she nodded. “Got it.” She still looked scared, and he was going to have to figure out a way to erase her fears. For now, he could help her forget her worries.
“You still want me?”
Her head dipped in a slow nod, eagerness burning in her eyes.
Kyle leaned in to nuzzle her ear. “Do you still want to make love to me?”
“Mmhmm,” she murmured.
“Because I want you. I wanted you that night at the party. I was irresistibly drawn to you. I’ve wanted you since I heard you laughing outside my living room and heard Cherish giggle. I took one look at the two of you, and I knew I wanted to be with you. I want to see that little girl smile as much as possible.”
He heard her intake of breath, and felt her nod. He leaned back to see tears filling her eyes.
“Mila,” he whispered, “I love you.”
She stared into his soul for a long moment. “Okay. I believe you. Stop trying to convince me and show me.”
His heart sank when she didn’t say she loved him, but he knew things couldn’t be easy for her.
Six years on her own, thinking it would only ever be her and her daughter. She wound up pregnant after some asshole let her walk away when she wouldn’t give up her dreams.
Her mother didn’t support her decisions.
Now she thought he might crush her. Or worse, hurt her little girl when he walked away.
He finally found what he’d been searching for, and he wasn’t letting Mila, or Cherish, go. No way, no how. He wanted the whole package. Proving his intentions was his only goal.
For now, he would kiss away her tears, and show her how much he needed her in every way possible.
Kyle kissed her, as he removed the rest of her clothes, and then knelt down as he pushed her gently onto the edge of the bed.
He spread her wide and licked at her already slick folds. “Mmm, my favorite taste in the world.”
“Kyle,” she whispered in surprise, but he flicked his tongue over her clit as he held her open. “Oh please,” she whispered, “yes.”
When he sucked her clit into his mouth, she grasped his scalp, her nails digging in but it drove his need higher. One finger pressed into her tight body. “You’re going to kill me,” he murmured.
“Why?” she whispered brokenly.
“You are so damned tight.”
“Kegals,” she gasped, “A billion Kegals.”
He laughed, as he worked another finger into her, scissoring, stretching, until she fell back, writhing. He licked and sucked as he filled her up, until she clenched down on him as she came, dragging a pillow over her face to muffle the sexiest sounds he’d ever heard.
“I love the way you come,” he growled as he stood up and rolled a condom on.
Kyle crawled over her and pushed deep, making them one. Her back arched, her breasts bouncing as he stroked in and out of her. So exquisitely his.
“I love the way you love my body,” she moaned, as another orgasm took her, making her writhe, her legs flexing around his waist, holding him tight as she found her release.
Once she calmed, he started moving again, determined to bring her over once more. Knowing she was right there on the edge, and he was so close, it was a miracle he hadn’t come before now. And then they did, together. She was a part of him, a part of his heart.
A few weeks ago, if someone told him he would be falling for a woman, he would have laughed in their face. He’d had relationships, but never fell in love. He cared for women, enjoyed being with women, but this was so much more.
When she fell still, he dealt with the condom, then picked her up to hold her in her bed, wrapping her in his embrace and kissing her forehead sweetly. “I mean it, Mila, I love you.”
“It’s too soon. How can you be sure?” her voice trembled.
“I’ll find a way to prove it to you. I know words aren’t enough. I’m sorry someone hurt you, made you doubt, but I will find a way to make you see.”
“Please Kyle, give me time.”
“All right, now sleep. I know you must be tired. You were up late last night.”
“You’re too good to me,” she whispered, but snuggled deeper into his arms.
Chapter 18


The phone rang, waking her up. She glanced at the clock.
Who the hell is calling at five? On a Sunday.
Kyle was still there, holding her. Mila reached over and answered the phone with a groggy, “Hello?”
“Why didn’t you tell me we have a child?” Anger radiated through the tone.
Now she was awake, her heart thundering in her chest. “Who is this?”
“Paul,” he snapped into the phone. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
Her hands shook so bad she nearly dropped the phone as her whole world threatened to come crashing down. She hadn’t heard from him once in six years. “Because she’s not yours. I left you before I got pregnant.”
“Your mother says she could be mine. Says she was born a month early according to you, yet was very healthy for being premature.”
“She’s not yours. I would have told you if I even thought it was possible.” She tried to climb out of bed, but Kyle wrapped his arms around her, reminding her he was there.
Tears leaked down her face. Kyle looked up at her, clearly concerned and pulled her closer.
Panicked, she held her finger to her mouth. Things were going so right. Of course Paul had to go and ruin it.
Mila swallowed hard and found her voice. “Look, we were over before I got pregnant. There was no chance I was pregnant when I left you.”
“That’s not what your Mom says. She wants you to come home. Wants you to have a paternity test. Don’t make me force the issue. You know I can.”
Nausea rolled through her with a wave of anger. This couldn’t be happening. He had no right.
Forcing the anger back enough to remain civil, she calmly replied, “Fine, have the test done. I don’t care. She’s not yours.”
“I don’t believe you. It’s all too damned convenient.”
Convenient? How in the hell was any of it convenient?
Mila wiped at her face. She knew without a doubt Paul couldn’t be her baby’s father. A thought occurred to her, and she gasped. “Why on Earth would you believe my mother?”
“Someone has to. You never listened to her.”
“Ha! And why should I? She called you for a month, trying to talk you into coming back to me when that was the last thing I wanted. After all this time, why would you do this now?”
“I think she’s mine. The timing is right. I want the test, and I want to be in her life.”
Her hand knotted in the blanket as she seethed. “Six years, and you think you can waltz in and take my daughter?”
“Our daughter.”
She barely contained the growl. “Not a chance in hell. Tell me what I need for the test. You’re paying for it though, because this is ridiculous. The timeframe is wrong, no matter what my mother says.”
“That’s just like you, holding yourself away from me, and now you’re keeping our daughter from me.”
Her chest heaved with every breath. She wanted to throw something. “Oh god, she’s not yours! Don’t you think I would have said something? I was never that cruel.”
“Yes you are. You never once let me all the way in, and you never would compromise.”
Her composure was crumbling, she was having trouble keeping the tremble from her voice. “Compromise? You didn’t want compromise. You wanted control. Look, if you really believe my daughter could be yours, send whatever I need to complete the test, but you’re going to look like an asshole when the results come back.”
Kyle sat up, letting her go. Confusion warred with the hurt in his expression. He probably doubted everything she’d said and done, doubted his own feelings. She couldn’t blame him.
God, why now?
Although, in that vein, she probably should do a test with Kyle to be sure. Not that it could be anyone else, but obviously her mother and now her ex seemed to believe otherwise. Her heart ached, thudding in her chest as her hope came tumbling down.
“What will it change, Paul? You were engaged to Leslie two weeks after I left you. So, why would you do this now?”
“Leslie can’t have children. I know I can. Cherish will fix my marital problems.” Total typical asshole male thinking the woman was the problem.
Reality finally sank in and Mila squeezed the phone tighter. The bastard wanted to take her little girl. When she finally found her voice, it came out hollow. “Send the paperwork. You’ll find yourself wrong.”
She hung up and got out of the bed to find something, anything to wear. “Oh god,” she whispered.
“Is there any chance you’re wrong about the timing?” Kyle asked sadly.
“No.” She shook her head but wouldn’t look. “Probably best for you to do the test as well, because no one believes me.” She let the tears fall, she didn’t even try to keep her emotions bottled up. Pulling on a robe, she wound her arms around herself and stared at the wall.
Kyle pulled her into his arms, her back against his chest as he put his chin on her shoulder. “I believe you. I don’t need a test.”
“No, we should,” she whispered. “My mother told Paul about Cherish. Probably hoping I would go home. That hasn’t been home since I left for college. This is my home now.”
His voice was full of tenderness. “We’ll fix this, Mila. It’s okay.”
“She’s not his, I swear. It was at least six, probably seven weeks, between the last time I had sex with him and you. We had problems with our relationship before I ever ended it. I don’t even know what I was waiting for.”
“Hey now, Mila, if you want to do the test, that’s fine. Means we should probably wait to tell Cherish, on the off chance he’s right.”
She nodded, her heart aching.
Kyle turned her gently and brought her gaze to his. “But I don’t believe him for a second. He sounds like an asshole. Only interested now that his wife can’t have a kid. Seriously? He never cared before, and probably knew about Cherish all this time. Now, when it suits his marriage, he would come and try to take her away from you? That’s not going to happen. I won’t let it.”
“Kyle, he’s a lawyer. If he believes she’s his, then he can force the issue. I don’t know what to do…”
“No problem. This is easy. We’ll do the test, and get it as quickly as we can. You can let him have the test done and it won’t make a difference, especially when the results come back that I’m Cherish’s father.”
All her doubt about Kyle evaporated, but now, with this lingering, she couldn’t say the words. More than ever, she didn’t want to trap him. The what-ifs reared their ugly head, sending her mind reeling.
He pressed a kiss to her forehead, gently sweeping his hand up and down her arm. “Do you need to call your mother? Explain the situation. Maybe she hoped you would go back home and wind up with him. You said she wanted that before.”
“Paul is married. The ceremony happened before Cherish was even born.”
He growled, “Like I said, he’s an asshole.”
She took a deep breath and nodded. “I should call Mom, but I don’t want to talk to her. God, why would she do this?”
Mila tried to move away, but Kyle pulled her back and held her tighter. “Mila, call her and explain. Maybe she can talk to him.”
“You don’t know Paul. It won’t stop him from pursuing this. I honestly believe if he thinks there is a chance in hell Cherish is his, he will do everything in his power to take my daughter from me.”
“He has no ground to stand on. We’ll figure it out.”
“He’s not listed as her father. No one is because I didn’t know, and that makes me a whore, but damn it.”
Kyle caught her chin, bringing her eyes to his. “You are not a whore, Mila. You are not the first woman to have a one-night stand, and you are anything but a whore,” he told her adamantly. “Don’t ever let me hear you say that again.”
Tears fell down her face as she chewed her lip. “But…”
“Shh. Don’t.” He dried her face, gentling his tone. “Mila, I’ll be with you every step of the way. I love you.”
How could she believe that when she didn’t deserve him? This was all her fault. With a sigh, she stepped back. “I’ll call my mom.” 
Nodding, he let her move away but never took his eyes off her.
She took her phone, moving to the window to stare into the yard below. Pressing speed dial she put the phone to her ear and held her breath.
One ring and Mom answered, not waiting for her to say anything, she started in, “What do you think you’re doing? Telling him he can’t possibly be the father?” Her mother had the audacity to be outraged.
She felt like she was pregnant all over again. This was the reason she went to live with her brother instead of staying with her mother. They could go round and round and never get anywhere because neither would budge.
Holding her anger in check, she shored up her courage, and stated facts. “I know who Cherish’s father is. I recently found out. And no, Paul is not him. It’s not even feasible for Paul to be her dad. It was almost two months between the last time I was with Paul and Kyle. It can’t be Paul.”
“And how do you know his name after all these years? Are you making up a story to appease me? I still think Cherish is Paul’s—that you had a moment of weakness and let him in your bed again, winding up pregnant.”
“Mom!” The air left her lungs on an exhale and she sucked in a breath. That her mother could think that hurt and pissed her off. Mila didn’t bother holding back her temper. “He was engaged to another woman two weeks after I left him. That should tell you something. He’s not the father, and you had no right to talk to him. He hasn’t been a part of my life for years. Never showed any interest in me, or in Cherish. Now he wants to take her away from me because his wife can’t get pregnant. Do you realize what that means? You would let him take away my little girl, and for what?”
“Now honey, it would make things easier on you. He would have to share custody. It won’t be all bad,” her mother cooed.
Mila slammed her hand against the wall. “She. Is. Not. His!” Her voice was forceful, though she tried to fight back the scream. “I know who the father is. I’m with him now.”
“You are?” she whispered. “How is that possible? You didn’t know his name. Didn’t even know his face. How can you be so sure?”
“It’s him, Mom. Actually, he’s my neighbor, but we didn’t figure out our previous connection until Friday. The point is, you didn’t have a right to even bring her up to Paul, who never had a claim to Cherish. It’s not even possible, so thank you for starting a legal battle.”
“Truly? You know your neighbor’s the one?” Her mom sniffled.
The fact that she even thought to appease the situation after causing it abraded. “Yes, and I’ll have a paternity test to prove it. You had no right to do this to me. To Cherish.”
“I’m sorry, Mila, baby, I’m sorry. I never meant to hurt you. I hoped Paul would take you back.”
“What? So I can throw away my career? Live in New York with a man who doesn’t respect me or my decisions? A man who happens to still be married? No, thank you.”
“I’ll talk to him. I’ll tell him it was a mistake.”
“It’s too late. Once he has his mind set, he won’t give up. I need to go.” Mila hung up, and when it rang again, she turned the damned thing off.
“I’m sorry,” she told Kyle. “I’m so sorry.”
“Hey, no big deal. People do these tests all the time. It’s not a problem.” Kyle smiled weakly.
“You must have doubts,” she whispered, her heart breaking.

* * * *

As pieces of Mila’s past came out, her hesitancy made perfect sense. He watched all the expressions flow over her face. Hurt, anger, pain, betrayal.
Tracking Paul down to beat some sense into him was awfully tempting. She needed reassurance though.
“Mila, I don’t doubt you for a second.” He closed the distance and captured her face in his hands. “I believe you. We’ll do the test, and he can go to hell.”
“Why believe me? No one else does. My mom—”
He pressed his lips over hers, thumbing her tears away. “I trust you. You have nothing to gain by lying. And I love you, Mila.”
She opened her mouth, and he kissed her again.
“Don’t,” he whispered against her lips. Leaning back he gave her a warm smile. “You aren’t ready, but that doesn’t change the fact my heart belongs to you. We’ll prove the bastard wrong, and then, when things settle down, we can tell Cherish.”
“I don’t know what I did to deserve you.”
“I can say the same about you. Now, can I help you make breakfast? I hear them waking up down there. I know I should have left by now, but it’s too late to sneak out.”
“Please. I’ll go down first. I planned to make bacon, eggs, and waffles,” she whispered, wiping at her eyes.
Kyle placed a soft kiss on each of her eyelids, on her nose, both cheeks, her chin, then finally her lips. “We’ll figure this out. I’ll see about a fast test. Maybe we can dissuade him from perusing action if we can get the results first.”
“He’s a lawyer. My guess is that he’s going to question even that.”
“Well, I have a lawyer, a friend, in fact. I’ll ask him what he thinks. I’ll be down as soon as I get off the phone with him.”
“Won’t you wake him?” 
“Nope, he’s always up early. Go, and I’ll be down in a few.” He kissed her again, and she went to the closet to get dressed while he did the same.
He had every confidence in Mila. Now it was time to prove it. If he could turn back time and do one thing differently, he would have gotten that mask off her and begged her for her name and number.
When Mila came out, he was sitting on her bed, waiting for her with a smile. “Go on down. I’ll be there as soon as I’m off the phone.”
“Thank you, Kyle. For everything.”
“I’d do anything for you.”
She moved to him and wrapped her arms around his shoulders, pressing a kiss to his forehead. She opened her mouth but looked away. He knew what was on the tip of her tongue, but he was finally understanding why she was afraid.
“Go. I’ll be down in a few.”
Nodding, she left, shutting the door behind her.
He called his dad’s best friend, Vance, hoping he wasn’t already at a golf game. “Hi, Kyle, what’s up?”
Kyle launched into the story, and by the end of the conversation, he felt better. Vance Jenson had some great ideas.

* * * *

“What’s wrong?” Barb asked as Mila bee-lined straight for the kitchen. The girls were still snoozing, but Barb had been up reading a book.
Mila’s hands fisted, and she whispered harshly, “Got a call from Paul. Mom told him about Cherish, and because he can’t get his floozy of a wife pregnant, he decided Cherish has to be his. He wants to take her.”
Anger flashed through Barb’s eyes. She sneered, “He can’t do that, that’s ridiculous. Get a paternity test.”
“Yeah, going to do that. I’m having Kyle do one too, so no one can argue.” She swallowed hard, and looked into Barb’s eyes. “He says he believes me. With that call though, I don’t see how that’s possible. I can’t believe my mother thought calling Paul would help me in any way. I could strangle her.”
Barb winced. “Unfortunately, you wouldn’t, because you know it’s her crazy-ass attempt at showing you love—which by no means excuses her actions.”
Mila looked away, realizing Barb was right.
Taking her hand, Barb added, “She’s fucking nuts though. Things were falling apart between you and Paul even before you left him. The timing doesn’t even work. You couldn’t have been pregnant with that little bitty costume you wore. I think I would have noticed, Miss Flat-and-Toned.”
“Kyle said the same thing, but how does he know I didn’t have sex for that long? And Cherish was a couple weeks early, but my period was always like clockwork. Even after I stopped taking birth control.”
“I know your girl isn’t Paul’s,” Barb offered with a grin.
“I’m so freaking stupid. I was sure I was done with men, and would focus on my career. One night, that’s all I wanted. One night to be wild and crazy and do what I never do. I love Cherish to death, and I don’t regret her for a second, but this whole situation is screwed up.” Mila paced away, trying to reign in her temper. She was mad at herself. “Mom… she must have thought Paul could be the father. Now he’s going to try to fight for her.”
“Paul won’t win. Don’t let him ruin this thing between you and Kyle. He’s perfect for you, and if he says he believes you, he must. That man doesn’t strike me as a liar. In fact, he strikes me as incredibly honorable. So remember that.”
“Okay.” She twisted the hem of her shirt. “I need to get breakfast going. He’ll be down in a few. He’s calling a lawyer.”
“A lawyer? You think that’s necessary?”
“He wants to have the bases covered, and he’s a friend of his. Besides, Paul is a lawyer, and without the test, he’d probably find a way to take Cherish from me. He’s that kind of asshole. I still think he put Leslie up to asking me to be her maid of honor.”
“Wait, what? You never told me that.”
Mila turned back with a smirk. “You’d have found her and beat the hell out of her. I know you have my back, but I’d rather you not go to jail because my ex is an entitled asshole.”
“I would have done it anyway,” Barb grumbled before helping with breakfast.
They had everything ready to go half-an-hour later. Kyle was still upstairs. Her hopes were falling, maybe she was wrong. Maybe his conversation caused him to doubt her story. 
She couldn’t blame him. She might not believe her, if she were him. There were too many things going against her.
Trying to block the warring emotions, she stared out the window, waiting for the girls to be ready for food.
Kyle came up behind her, wrapping his arms around her. “Vance says we can have the results by Wednesday. He’ll have it arranged, it’s a well-known company, very respectable. All we have to provide is a few hair samples from each of us. He’s even going to have something drawn up, requesting the test, so your ex can’t fight it when it comes back with the expected result. Hopefully it takes this slime bag a few days to be prepared enough to put something together.” He kissed her ear. “If that upsets you, I’m sorry. I only want to make this easier.”
“You are,” she whispered, turning to drown in the emotion shining back at her.
Kyle always knew what she needed, whether it be words or actions. The words “I love you” were on the tip of her tongue, but Cherish and Jenny came bouncing into the kitchen.
“You’re here, Kyle!” Cherish squealed and wrapped her arms around both their legs. He reached down, putting a hand on their daughter’s back.
Hope flowed through her, threatening to bring her tears back. They could really be a family. There were still too many things waiting in the wings to tear them apart. The what-ifs were terrifying.
Chapter 19


Kyle felt horrible leaving Mila Sunday afternoon but he was on shift. Barb was leaving, and Mila was a nervous wreck. She agreed he could talk to Gavin, who seemed to be on a mission to find out what the hell was going on. Even Cadence was nagging him.
With Paul coming around, he wasn’t sure how much to tell them.
Gavin would have his back. Kyle knew that without a doubt, but he still worried how the rest of the town was going to take the news. Not for himself, but for Mila, who hadn’t caught on to the fact most people would be happy for them after the shock wore off.
Gavin followed him into the firehouse, took a look around and when he saw it was clear, asked, “So what is it? What has you so tightlipped?”
Kyle clocked in. Then he turned to Gavin and discretely said, “We need some privacy for this conversation, and besides Cadence, you can’t tell a soul. She needs to keep it quiet too. I know she will, but it has to be said.”
“All right, dude. I need to know. You’re stressing me out.” Gavin dragged Kyle into the seldom used stretching room. “Spill.”
He did, everything he could think to share. None of it seemed to surprise Gavin. No doubts. He simply listened, his smile never failing.
“You have a family? This is what you want, right?”
“Yes, definitely with all my heart. I want to tell Cherish, but with Paul…”
“Dude, you have a family. I’m so happy for you.” Gavin slapped him on the back. “You love Mila, right?”
“I do, I told her. I think Mila wanted to say it, but she’s so damned scared I’m going to be an asshole and hurt her. I mean, I get it. Sounds like this Paul was a real dick in the end, especially now.”
“Yeah, I don’t envy you. This has to be hard on her. She is used to having Cherish all to herself. Now some douchebag, who isn’t even the father, is trying to take her away.”
Kyle scrubbed a hand over his face. “I want her to trust me. How do I prove to her that I love her and our little girl? That I want to be a part of both their lives, not just Mila’s.” His chest ached. Finding patience wasn’t as easy as he imagined.
“Oh Kyle, where are you hiding?” Rene called, and Kyle had the urge to punch a wall, which would do nothing but probably break his knuckles. “I have some great news.”
His blood froze. Her snarky attitude could only mean one thing. Gavin and Rene’s father was the one that jackass Paul was going through for the local contact. She was daddy’s paralegal, and their firm handled that kind of shit. And it was pure shit.
“I could get rid of her,” Gavin offered quietly.
Kyle shook his head. “She’s not going to stop. May as well listen to the bullshit so she’ll leave. I wish I could tell her, but I don’t want to hurt Mila by letting a rumor start before it’s verified.”
Rene burst through the door with an evil smile. “So, I found out who the father of Mila’s bastard is. Her ex, and he wants the daughter.”
Kyle’s teeth ground together as he took a slow breath through his nose and let it out. With a snarl, he replied, “Mila says it’s not possible, and I believe her.”
“Bullshit, of course she’s going to lie, especially since she’s using that little girl to win you over. If she loses her child, she no longer has anything to keep your damned interest. She’s brunette, blue-eyed, and a liar. None of the things you’ve gone for in the past.” 
Which was wrong, but arguing the point wouldn’t convince her. The stupid woman only considered herself in the equation.
Kyle glared back at Rene. “Mila is not a liar. She left the man in question more than a month before she was with the father.”
“And how do you know that for sure? She’s lying, because she doesn’t want her ex to have that baby.” Her voice dropped, “He left her and married someone else.”
Anger darkened his tone. “Please, the man was engaged to another woman two weeks after she left him.”
Rene crossed her arms over her chest with a smirk. “We’ll see how you feel when the paternity test comes back. She says she found the father. Maybe that asshole will sweep her away, and you can be mine.”
“That’s never going to happen, Rene. Mila or no Mila, we are done forever.”
Her eyes narrowed. “That’s not true. You love me.”
He let out a bitter laugh, shaking his head. “I’ve got news for you. What I felt for you wasn’t love. You only want me because I don’t want you. Get over yourself.”
Her face crumpled. “Why are you so cold? You used to be sweet and caring. And now, you act as if you hate me. I don’t get it.”
He threw his hands up. “You don’t want me! You want someone to mold into what you want. You’re looking at the wrong man. I’m done. And I love Mila Day, so that should be your clue there is no you and I.”
“Love?” She laughed out loud. “You love her? You never once, in two years, told me you loved me. How can you love a bimbo you’ve known… for what… three weeks tops?”
“She is not a bimbo,” he ground out. “And I do love her. It’s the only thing I’m sure of. Besides the fact that you have no clue what you’re talking about, contradicting yourself every other statement.”
“Yes, well she’s fabricated some man who is also going to do a paternity test, at the same company. So when Paul wins, and she loses her little girl, you can thank me for warning you. Paul Galloway will wind up with that child, and it will crush her.”
“Not going to happen,” Kyle growled at her through clenched teeth. “And I’m never going to want you back. So stop being a coldhearted bitch, and stop trying to hurt Mila. Do you have any idea what it would be like for her to lose Cherish?” He stormed past her, to the shower room. Before he got there, sirens blared to life.
Turning in his tracks, he hurried to the garage.
“Kyle, wait,” Rene called.
He didn’t bother answering.
Gavin yelled at her, “Go be insensitive somewhere else. We have an emergency, in case you didn’t realize what the bell meant.”
Chapter 20


Mila stood at the counter preparing dinner. Cherish washed the berries beside her. Fear flitted through her every time she looked at her daughter.
What if I’m wrong? What if Paul is somehow her father? What if everything I thought I knew is wrong?
She wanted to cry, but she had to pretend like everything was fine. Barb was gone. Dee was on another date. She couldn’t tell Cherish. Maybe she could talk to Cadence, who should be there anytime with Jenny.
Someone rang the doorbell, and she hurried to the door. Cherish, of course, beat her there, throwing open the door with a squeal, “Jenny!” Her daughter’s smile fell when she looked up at Rene.
“Hi, honey,” Rene smiled weakly. “May I talk to your mother, alone? Please?”
“Momma?” Cherish looked up at her with a frown.
She swallowed hard and sighed. “Go ahead, honey. Finish washing the berries.”
A fire truck went screeching by, and her heart stopped as she watched it fly down the road. She knew Kyle was on it, and hoped he would be fine.
Of course he’ll be fine. Oh god… why didn’t I tell him? What if…
“You care about him, don’t you?” Rene whispered.
She looked back and nodded. “Yes, very much. Kyle is a wonderful man.” Mila closed her eyes, her heart still thudding.
The bitchiness seemed to drain out of Rene. “I have something that was faxed to my office. Paul Galloway wants to have a paternity test done.” Rene actually sounded sorry to be delivering the news, and looked even sorrier. “Is she his?”
“No, Paul is selfish, and wrong. There was too much time between the last time I was with Paul and the man who is actually Cherish’s father. There was no one in between. Paul is not her father.”
“Then I hope you are getting a paternity test with the real father, and he doesn’t try to screw you over.” Rene handed her the manila envelope. “Good luck, Mila.” She turned and walked back to her car.
Mila stared after her, not knowing what to think. After all the mean, nasty things that woman said, she was having a hard time believing out of nowhere she was growing a heart.
Rene climbed into her car as Cadence and Jenny came up the stairs. Cadence ushered Jenny in and whispered, “Please tell me she wasn’t causing more problems.”
“No, not directly. It must be a miracle.” Mila looked down at Jenny. “Cherish is in the kitchen washing berries for a cobbler.”
“Ooh, cobbler. Do you always have dessert?” Jenny grinned.
Mila smiled, but she knew it didn’t reach her eyes. “Usually.”
Cadence patted her daughter on the back. “Why don’t you two go play outside until dinner is ready?”
The girls took off out the back door, giggling and chatting at a million miles an hour.
Cadence turned to her, “You okay? You look rattled.”
“Yeah, I can explain while I make dinner. You’ll likely think I’m crazy or hate me by the end.” She sighed and walked back inside.
Leaning against the counter, Cadence asked, “What’s going on? Gavin says something’s up with Kyle. You were tense last night, even before Rene showed up.”
“Besides Gavin, you can’t tell anyone this. Especially until we figure out how to tell Cherish. Okay?”
“You got it,” she promised.
Mila told Cadence everything while she made dinner and put the cobbler together.
“Wow, I remember Kyle talking about that party, and the devil.” She giggled. “He was taken with you back then, even if he never saw your face. And he does care about your daughter. He did before he found out.” There was no doubt expressed, no accusation. Cadence’s trust made her feel better.
“Thank you for not judging.”
Cadence squeezed her arm. “Kyle is sincere. If he says he loves you, he does. You can see it when he looks at you, even when he looks at Cherish. I think you all are going to be happy. I hope your ex-asshole gets what’s coming. His shitty game is evil.”
“Yeah, well, part of it was my mom, probably fudging on dates to make him think it was possible. Cherish was a couple weeks early, but not that early, and I know he heard about her before, so why now?” Mila brought the food to the table. “I can’t believe my mother would do this to me.”
“I don’t get that either, but you said she tried to convince you to get rid of the baby before you had her?”
“Yeah, I couldn’t. I never expected to run into the phantom again, or to fall for him, but here I am.”
“So you do love him?” Cadence asked with a knowing smile. “Or is it too soon?”
“I do, but I’m afraid to tell him. The what-ifs plague me. What if I say it, and he realizes he doesn’t. What if we move forward, and he decides he can’t stand me? What if I’m wrong?” Mila took a slow breath and fought back her tears.
“If he didn’t love you, he wouldn’t have said it. I guarantee he never once told Rene he loved her and they were together almost two years.”
“Really?” That was a surprise, not that he wouldn’t say it if he didn’t mean it. But he didn’t love Rene? As obsessed as she was, Mila assumed he had to have loved her once.
“Trust me. Besides, what’s not to love about you? As horrible as she was, you kept your cool and politely brushed her off. You were even nice when she showed up unexpected, while she handed you the order for the test.” Cadence squeezed her arm. “Trust me, Kyle truly does love you, too fast or not. Sometimes people click, and you two have.”
Mila traced the edge of the table. “You’re right. I should tell him. Maybe tomorrow. If I see him.”
“I’m positive you will. In fact, I’m willing to bet he’ll call or text as soon as they are done with the emergency.” Cadence gave her a warm smile. “He’ll feel better if he hears your voice. So make sure to answer the phone.”
Nodding, Mila agreed, “I will. I need to hear his voice too.” And maybe tell him. Saying I love you on the phone the first time would be cheesy, but showing up at the firehouse with Cherish in tow seemed like a poor idea. She took a stalled breath and looked at Cadence. “I wish I’d told him this morning. I froze, still afraid.”
“I bet he understands. Now let’s get the girls, and if you need suggestions on figuring out how to tell Cherish about her daddy, I’ll do my best to help you come up with ideas.” 
Chapter 21


“You fucking piece of shit!” Sonny Larkay yelled at Julie, his wife.
Why they were still married was beyond Kyle. They seemed to hate each other. In fact, Julie was trying to tear out of Gavin’s hold to get at her husband. To do what, Kyle wasn’t sure, since they were both cuffed and about to be arrested.
They were called out to stop the fire that started while they were fighting. Both Julie and Sonny were bruised and swollen. Apparently, they knocked over several lit candles while they tousled.
Luckily, the fire was easily contained and there wasn’t much structural damage to their trailer. Unfortunately, this wasn’t the first time they’d been called out for a similar occurrence, and wouldn’t be the last.
All he could think about was Mila, and Cherish, and what Mila had to be going through. Was Paul like Sonny? Would he have treated her like that?
Kyle was fully prepared to do anything and everything to keep their daughter away from that scumbag. Even if by some chance Cherish was Paul’s.
Don’t even entertain that thought. Cherish is mine, I can feel it in my soul.
Finally, the officers dragged the Larkays into separate police cruisers. “Are we done here?” Kyle asked Gavin, as they cleared up and reloaded the truck.
“Yeah. You must be happy they don’t live next door anymore.” Gavin laughed. “I doubt anything tops your gorgeous neighbor and her adorable daughter. Your daughter. Who’d have thought the world was so tiny.”
“You have no idea how good it is to be rid of the Larkays. As for Mila and Cherish—I’m the luckiest man alive.”
“I wonder what Rene was doing over there.”
“I don’t want to think about it. I can only imagine she went to stir the pot. Mila is already nervous enough about the ex.”
As they were climbing back on the truck, Gavin shoved his shoulder. “So call her. You know you will feel better when you do.”
“Yeah, you’re right.” Kyle dug out his phone and dialed.
She answered before the first ring finished. “Are you all right?” she asked breathlessly.
Christ, she’d been worried about him. That made him smile, but he hated she was scared. “Yeah, especially now that I hear your voice.”
“Same here.”
“Are you okay? I saw Rene’s car out front on our way down the road.”
“Yeah, Cadence is here with Jenny. I miss you.” He could hear the smile in her voice.
“What did Rene want?” He squeezed his eyes shut, and scrubbed a hand through his hair. Hopefully she wasn’t a total bitch, but with Rene, that was the most likely scenario.
“Officially, to drop off paperwork about the test Paul wants. She asked me if I cared about you.” He heard her chair scrape the floor, and then the sliding door as she stepped outside. “Which I do, more than care about you.” She paused, and knew what was unsaid. The fact it was on her mind was enough for now.
“I know.”
She continued as if she hadn’t heard. “She asked if Paul could be the father, and I told her no. She wished me luck.” Mila sighed, he could see her shrug.
The results couldn’t come fast enough. Once the truth was out, and everyone knew, he could put Rene in her place, and hopefully keep her there. For now, he had to walk a fine line of trying to shut Rene up without telling her the truth. 
“I’m sorry.” He wished he could pull Mila into his arms and hold her. She didn’t deserve any of this mess. He wanted to take away her fear, her doubt, and fill her with love. “And I miss you too. I simply needed to hear your voice.”
“Me too. I feel a thousand times better knowing you’re okay. And…” her voice dropped to a whisper, “I love you, Kyle.”
His heart tried to beat out of his chest as the words warmed through his soul. “Mila,” he whispered, “I wish I could be there right now.”
“Me too. I have to go. Cadence and Jenny are still here. I’ll talk to you later, if you have the chance.”
“Okay, later.” He hung up, but didn’t put the phone away. Instead he let the words sink in. He was on cloud nine, everything was right in his world.
Gavin slapped his shoulder. “Told you. I knew you’d feel better if you heard her voice.”
“About a million times better. She said it, I think she meant it. She looked like she wanted to say it this morning, but that was right after she received the call from her ex. God, what an asshole.”
“Hey, you’ll prove it with a test, and everything will be fine. Don’t stress, dude. It’s meant to be.”
“I hope your sister finally gets the message and leaves us all alone.”
“My sister is a selfish bitch, but she’ll get over it. I’m sure Mila told her how she feels about you. Maybe Rene will finally admit defeat.”
“Like Mila doesn’t have enough to deal with without Rene’s games. I’m sorry, but I’m not forgiving her anytime soon.”
“Don’t blame you. I honestly hope she is truly sorry.” Gavin sighed. “I know she’s my sister, but I can’t support the shit she’s been pulling with you. With some of the other assholes she’s dated, fine. I considered it a what-comes-around-goes-around scenario, but you never deserved her bullshit.”
“Neither does Mila. I can’t even deal with Rene. She wished some asshole would take our daughter. Who the hell does that?”
Gavin harrumphed. “And you wonder why I never take my sister’s side?”
“She’s your sister. I expect you to sometimes, but I can’t.” Kyle took a deep breath and let it out. “I don’t know how Mila lets it go so easily. She’s amazing.”
Chapter 22


The next day, Mila sat at her desk during lunch, staring at her trembling hands. She couldn’t even focus on grading the quiz in front of her.
Kyle had left roses and a sweet note on her porch, but had to work early. He called to wish her a good day, before she left that morning. She hadn’t heard from him since. Now the what-ifs cycled through her mind, leaving her a nervous wreck.
Someone shut her door. Mila jumped, looking up as the lock clicked into place.
Kyle stood there with a basket and a smile. She finally started to relax.
“Hey, skipping lunch?” he admonished.
“Not hungry. I’m stressed out.”
“I can help with that.” Kyle moved behind her, setting the basket on her desk before massaging her shoulders. The tension melted away under his big, strong hands, making her feel cherished.
“Mmm,” she murmured.
 “Anything I can do?” he asked softly.
“You’re already helping, and I’m sorry I didn’t say it in person yesterday, but I love you.” She squeezed his hands. Standing, she turned to wrap her arms around his neck. “I love you. I’m afraid, but not of you.”
“I know, baby. It’s okay. We’ll get through this. Vance says he’ll have the results by Wednesday. He’ll fax them to Paul’s lawyer as soon as he has the official report.”
“He called with the details. So did Paul and his lawyer. Then Vance called again to tell me he was arranging a restraining order until the test results were back.” She leaned into Kyle, letting him hold her.
“For what it’s worth, I wish I could take it all away.”
“Thank you for stopping by. I needed to see you. And thank you for the roses, the note too. You made me smile, when I wasn’t sure that was possible this morning. Cherish tried to convince me to take them to her room, but they are on the mantle.”
“Next time I’ll remember to send you both flowers.”
Her heart melted further. “I hope those results are fast. I want to tell her.”
“We could. I trust you,” he said so sincerely her heart stopped. “Of course, it’s up to you.”
“Best to wait. As much as I hate it, it’s best to do it afterward.” She knew she was being overly cautious, but she was terrified she could be wrong, even though the math didn’t add up for Paul to be her baby’s father. She knew her body, knew Cherish was Kyle’s. “Especially if she finds out about the test, I don’t want her to know about any of it until after I have proof.”
“You’re right. You have brains and beauty.” Kyle nuzzled her ear.
She giggled. “I missed you.”
He groaned. “I’d kiss you, but I don’t want to get you in trouble either.” He stepped back with a grin. “You have a group of admirers sitting outside your door, working on homework. One of them glared at me when I came in.”
Mila rolled her eyes. “Don’t worry, sweetheart, they can’t compare to you.”
“I don’t know, the varsity quarterback is sitting out there. He’s the one shooting death glares.” Kyle winked.
“He’s got nothing on you.”
“If you gain your appetite back, there’s a snack in the basket. I want to take you and Cherish to pizza tonight. If you have time?”
“We do, and thank you—for cheering me up.”
“I’ll do a whole lot more tonight, if you’ll let me come over.” He waggled his brows as he backed toward the door with a glance at the clock. “I should go before they start some racy rumors about us,” he teased.
“I’ll see you tonight.” She waved. “Leave the door open.”
“I will.” He blew her a kiss before going through the door.
Sure enough, the quarterback walked in, but didn’t look at her as he passed Kyle, who winked at the kid.
No more denying how much I love my man.

* * * *

Kyle waited on Mila’s porch. Only a few minutes passed before she pulled in. He hurried down the steps and opened Cherish’s door as Mila got out.
Cherish flew out of the car and wrapped her arms around his legs. “Kyle!”
“Hi, princess, have a good day at school?”
“Definitely. I got an award for being brilliant,” she beamed.
“Well, honey, you are brilliant. So that only makes sense,” Mila told her.
“You get it from your mother, of course.” Kyle winked at Mila as he followed Cherish to the door.
Once inside, he leaned against the couch and looked at Cherish. “I hear you like pizza, Cher. May I take you and your mother to dinner?”
“Yes, I love pizza. You can take us. Maybe Mommy will take us to ice cream.”
“Ice cream, huh? I know the best place for that.” He met Mila’s gaze.
She gave Cherish a raised brow. “Sure, ice cream it is. After dinner, though. Go change first.”
“Yay.” Cherish bounced up the stairs, and Kyle couldn’t wait any longer than it took their little girl to shut her door. He pulled Mila into his arms and laid his mouth on hers.
Moaning, she wrapped herself around him, her hand clutching the back of his head—as if he needed any encouragement. Quick steps down the stairs signaled watching eyes, and they took a step apart.
“Sorry,” she whispered. “Got carried away.”
“Me too,” he mouthed. His grin spread from ear-to-ear. He couldn’t wait until Wednesday, when he wouldn’t have to hide what he felt for his girls.
Chapter 23


“Mommy, do you love Kyle?” Cherish asked sweetly, as Mila tucked her in.
“Yes, honey, I do. Is that all right?” She hoped so, thought it was, but if she said no…
“I like him. He’s much nicer than Brett. He makes you smile lots.”
Relief nearly overwhelmed Mila. She kissed Cherish on her forehead and was rewarded with another big hug.
Through the lump in her throat, she asked, “Does that mean you don’t mind if he’s around more?”
Cherish grinned up at her. “I like it when he’s here.”
“He’ll be very happy to hear that.”
“Goodnight, Mommy. Tell him goodnight too.”
“I will. Sweet dreams, sweetheart.” At the door, she blew one more kiss and shut off the light as Ash jumped onto the bed and cuddled up with Cherish.
Mila found Kyle downstairs waiting on the couch. She moved in front of him with a smile. “Cherish says goodnight.”
His smiled brightened as he pulled her into his lap. “You’ve done an excellent job with her.”
Her smile dimmed. “I wish I’d known you. I wouldn’t—“
A tender kiss hushed her.
“Shh. You did nothing wrong. Besides, I have you and Cherish now, and I’m not letting either of you go.”
Mila leaned into him. “She says you make me smile all the time, and you’re better than Brett. That was two years ago, and only lasted a week. I can’t believe she remembers.” Mila sighed. “At least she likes you.” She was babbling, and couldn’t stop herself. “I told her that you would be around more. I want to tell her the rest.”
“I’ll be around as much as you’ll let me.” He gently took her face and pulled her closer for another kiss. She came willingly for a moment.
When she sat up, she was breathless. “Upstairs, in case she comes out of her room. I don’t want her to see us hot and heavy.”
Kyle nodded. “Smart woman.” He scooped her into his arms as he stood, and carried her up the stairs, quietly.

* * * *

Once the door was shut, Kyle set Mila down. She pulled at his clothes in a mad frenzy, while he peeled hers off. He reminded himself Cherish was across the hall, and that he needed to be quiet.
As they stepped away from the pile of fabric, he pulled Mila against him to feel her skin on his. He needed her underneath him, over him, he didn’t care as long as he was inside his woman.
“I’m on the pill, and you said you were tested and clean. Don’t worry about a condom,” she told him, as she sank to her knees, her hand wrapping around the base of his length. “Besides, I want to taste you.”
“Oh Mila, you don’t need to do that,” he groaned.
“Don’t argue. You love to feast on me, so let me have my taste. Please.” She licked around the ridge of his crown, and then ran her tongue over the slit.
“Oh fuck, Mila,” he said on an exhale.
Her mouth closed over him, sucking, licking, wet, hot, and so damned amazing he wasn’t sure he could hold off. And yet, she teased him enough to drag it out for what seemed like forever, until it felt so damned good it hurt. 
“Please, Mila, I need to come, please.”
Falling into a steady rhythm, she sucked harder, faster, and he did. She didn’t back off him, instead swallowing him down as their eyes met. So beautiful kneeling in front of him, that wet dream of a mouth working him, and he almost collapsed he came so hard. When she finally let go, he fell onto the bed.
“God, Mila, that was so good I can’t feel my fingers or my toes.”
She crawled up beside him, and curled into his arms. “Is that a complaint?”
“Oh no, that was incredible, but now you have to wait for your pleasure.”
“I can wait. I’m not in a rush,” she purred. “And you taste better than a hot fudge sundae, which is one of my favorite things.”
“So do you, and they are a favorite of mine too. Right behind you and Cherish, that is.”
“Favorites?” she asked, tears filling her eyes.
“Yes, sweetheart, you and Cherish are my two favorite things in the world. I wish your asshole of an ex lived in this state, so I could beat some sense into him for causing you worry.”
“I don’t. The slimy bastard would file charges. I can’t wait until this is over.”
“Same here, baby,” he rolled on top of her, determined to make her forget. Seeing the fear in her eyes made him wish he’d kept his mouth shut.
Between wet kisses down her body, he murmured, “Once we tell Cherish, I hope you’ll both either stay with me, or let me come over every night. Until you’re ready to try living together. Because baby, I’m ready now. I hate waking up without you. I hate not seeing our little girl in the mornings, in the evenings. I know my schedule is crazy, but I want to be with you as much as possible.”

* * * *

Oh my god, did he ask me to move in? While kissing and licking every sensitive point on her body? “Kyle, I…” she shivered, and it ended on a moan as his fingers pressed deep inside.
“Shh, baby, let me make love to you, and we can work this out later. I’m not rushing you.” Then his mouth closed over her clit, and her back arched. He brought her over fast and hard, and then climbed up her body, spreading her further. He found her gate and nudged inside. Flesh to flesh for the first time.
So big, he filled her up until she felt he could be a part of her. The pleasure was so intense she couldn’t think, only feel, as he moved in long powerful surges that left her breathless and floating on a sea of ecstasy. She dragged his mouth back to hers, kissing him deep as he made love to her.
When she tried to break the kiss, to find a way to muffle herself, he plunged his tongue deeper into her mouth, swallowing her cries of pleasure as another climax washed over her. Then he came, erupting inside her, filling her up, leaving her complete.
“I love you,” she whispered, as he rolled to her side, bringing her with him.
“I love you too, Mila.” He kissed her again, and held her close.
“Stay tonight. Please,” she murmured sleepily.
“Always.”
Chapter 24


Mila stopped dead in her tracks when she saw the man who threatened to tear her whole world apart. Paul stood by her car in the high school’s teacher lot.
What the hell is he doing there?
Vance had filed an order to keep Paul Galloway from seeing her child until the results came in. He was a lawyer, he should know better than to try to intimidate her like this. Not that it was going to work. She refused to cave. There was no way in hell her little girl was his, and she wasn’t going let that arrogant prick anywhere near her daughter.
Thankfully, Cadence had picked Cherish up with Jenny, and taken her home for dinner.
She wasn’t going to let Paul hurt her child. Not that he would touch her, but claiming to be daddy when she was so close to proving he wasn’t would only upset Cherish.
Taking a deep breath, she calmly made her way to her car. Kyle was heading their way from the firehouse after his shift.
Her heart thumped in her chest as she wondered what was going on in his head. A man he’d never seen was waiting for her. Kyle was smart and likely realized it was Paul because the scowl was directed his way, not hers.
She stepped into Paul’s line of sight before he noticed Kyle. Thankfully the students were gone, and there was no one else in the parking lot.
“Why are you here?” Mila asked coldly as she looked over. Kyle’s expression hardened, though not at her.
“Hello, Mila. Where’s our daughter?” Paul’s tone was arctic lined with acid.
Kyle came up beside her, taking her hand, but not looking away from Paul. “Everything okay, Mila?”
 Paul laughed harshly. “Who is this?”
“None of your business. And where my daughter is, is no concern of yours. You were told not to come out here—until after we have the results. Tomorrow you’ll have proof that Cherish is not, and never has been, your daughter.”
“Is this the supposed father?” Paul smirked. “A fireman when you could have had a lawyer.”
“I didn’t want a lawyer. Choosing you meant giving up my dreams of being a teacher to be your trophy wife. I’m happy. Can you say the same?”
His jaw tightened as he shook his head. “Stop playing games, Mila. Is this the man you’re claiming as her father?”
She took a deep breath, amazed that Kyle still hadn’t opened his mouth. “Her father isn’t your concern.” She squeezed Kyle’s hand and narrowed her eyes at her ex. “According to the order, you can’t see Cherish until you are proven to be her father. That’s never going to happen.”
He took a step closer. “Bullshit, Mila. I can see her if I want.”
“No, Paul. The law applies, even to you. Did you think I wouldn’t protect my daughter? Did you think I wouldn’t read the fine print? You cannot see Cherish, and you never will. So get in your car, and leave.”
“There’s no reason to be like this. Cherish is mine, and the more you fight, the easier it will be for me to win full custody.”
“Good luck with that. You’re the one trying to violate the order. You’re the one who was engaged to another woman before I ever got pregnant. So yeah, I had one reckless night over a month after leaving you. And if you don’t remember, I hadn’t been with you in almost a month before you walked out the door. Cherish was never yours.”
“We’ll see about that. Your mother seems convinced she could be.”
A thread of despair swirled through her again. The fact her mother could do such a thing tore her apart. Mila wasn’t sure she could forgive her. She hadn’t accepted any of her calls.
“And when you looked at the dates, it didn’t seem strange to you that the date of conception was long after you? That her due date was far past what it would have to be for you to be her father? Why now? Why after all these years?”
Another cold smile, so calculating.
Why the hell did I ever love this man?
“Took me that long to learn my wife, the woman I love, can’t have children.”
“So adopt, but you aren’t taking my daughter. If you press this, I will call the police. You are going to be the one thrown in jail.”
His eyes narrowed dangerously. “You never did answer me, who is your fireman friend?”
“My friend, and that’s all you need to know. And for the record, I’m glad I didn’t wind up with the lawyer. I’m glad I came to my senses and left your ass, because I never would have had Cherish if I hadn’t. You won’t take her from me.”
“We’ll see. I still don’t buy the fact you found a mystery man to step in. I’m guessing you had your brother do the test, for the closest possibility.”
“You are sick enough to think of that, but Mason moved to your state, clear across the country.”
“And you’re nobody.”
Her hand twitched, wanting to sail through the air to slap him silly. After a deep breath, she calmly demanded, “Leave. Don’t come near my house, don’t try to follow. I swear I will involve the police. If you remember anything about me, you know I will.”
“Fine, I’ll be around though, so I can meet my daughter the second the results come through. Maybe you should take tomorrow off so you can arrange a visit.” He turned and left.
As he climbed into his rental car, Mila started to tremble. Kyle pulled her into his embrace. She wouldn’t cry, refused to breakdown, but she was on the edge.

* * * *

That asshole is her ex?
What a piece of shit. All cold and smarmy, like Mila needed that douchebag in her life. Kyle couldn’t wait for tomorrow to come. He intended to wash away every last one of Mila’s doubts the second they told her daughter.
“Hey, Mila?” He tipped her face up to look into baby-blue eyes. The hurt and sadness tore him apart. “Are you all right?”
“No.” She tangled her fingers in his shirt. “I was feeling better about things until he showed up. That’s Paul for you. Doesn’t think the rules apply to him, or maybe he thinks I’m stupid enough not to know what he can and can’t do while we wait for the results. I’m looking forward to rubbing that piece of paper in his face. Fucking bastard.”
Kyle swallowed down his chuckle. He didn’t blame her. Hell, he wanted to beat the shit out of Paul, but he stood back and let her handle it the right way. “Neither can I, babe, neither can I.”
“Thank you.” she sighed and tried to smile, but failed.
“May I take you to dinner?”
“Sure.”
“Gavin drove us in, and so I don’t have my car.”
“I don’t mind driving. Where did you have in mind?”
“How does steak sound?”
“Perfect,” she grinned.
“Why don’t I call Cadence to make sure she keeps Cherish a couple more hours? Maybe see if she can spend the night, and I’ll get her clothes over there without being seen in case he’s lurking around.”
“No. I want her home tonight, but you can make sure Cadence doesn’t mind keeping her longer. I don’t think Paul is stupid enough to violate the order now that he knows I’m aware of what it says.”
“He still thinks she’s his, which doesn’t sound likely after Vance looked into the conception date and due date. Your medical records can’t lie, and sure, they could be off a bit, but not by that much.”
“Trust me, I know. Desperation doesn’t excuse his behavior. Sorry you had to see that.”
“I’m not. Now I have a face to watch for. I hope you’re right about him not bothering you again.” He squeezed her tight. “Let’s get going.”
They climbed into the car and she drove them down to the steakhouse while he called Cadence.
She answered on the first ring. “Hey Kyle. Gavin’s not back yet. What’s up?”
“I’m hoping you aren’t in a rush for Cherish to go home. Mila’s ex showed up, wanting to see Cherish. So if you don’t mind, I want to take Mila to dinner, and maybe dessert, before we pick her up.”
“No problem. Is Mila okay?”
“She will be. I’ll make sure of it.”
“Then I’ll see you later. Take your time.”
“Later, Cad.” He hung up and turned to Mila. “We have all the time we want. If you change your mind about her staying overnight, you only have to let her know. I’m sure Cadence would be happy to help. I doubt Paul knows where to find her.”
Mila looked over with a nod. “Okay.”
“Obviously it’s not,” he squeezed her thigh. “Talk to me Mila. What can I do?”
“You’re already doing it, like always. I want this mess to be over. I don’t want to have to deal with Paul again. I thought I was done with him. Thought I would never have to see him again. Apparently, I was wrong.”
“He won’t have a reason to bother you again after tomorrow.”
“I hope you’re right.”
Chapter 25


A phone was ringing as Mila pulled into the parking lot. She dug it out and saw Mason’s number. Her brother, who she loved to death, but hadn’t talked to much since the move. She hadn’t mentioned Kyle yet, because she wanted to be sure before she told him anything. Now she was.
“I’ve got to take this Kyle. Can you get our seats, please? I’ll only be a minute.”
“Sure.” He squeezed her hand, and hopped out of the car without asking who was on the phone. His trust further proved he was the one.
“Hi, Mason,” she smiled, knowing that he’d probably heard about what was going on from Barb.
“Hello, Mila. Why didn’t you tell me about all the bullshit? You realize I would have come out right away? I’m in your corner and can be there in twenty-four hours. I can’t believe that douchebag thinks Cherish is his. It was some random sexy Phantom of the Opera Halloween night.”
“Not so random—at least not now,” Mila answered with a tremble in her voice.
“How so?” The question held a cautious tone.
“The move down here was the best choice I could have made, for more than one reason. Turns out the very sexy fireman next door happens to be the Phantom of the Opera, my Phantom of the Opera. And I’m falling hard for him.”
“So spill, but skip the details about all the dirty stuff. You’re still my baby sister and I can’t scrub my brain out.”
Mila laughed. “Well, we didn’t know it until Barb showed up. We wore masks the whole night. There were things that were familiar, but I thought I was crazy. I mean, what were the chances?”
“It’s a small world, Mila.” He chuckled. “Are you sure, though?”
“Yes, and he’s ecstatic. And the best part is we were falling for each other before we figured out our shared past. I’m finally starting to believe this will work. And you’re going to like him. He’s a great guy.”
“Okay, I’m definitely coming out soon. I need to see this for myself, but Barb likes him. That gives me hope. Does he make you happy?”
“You have no idea. I’m elated, and he loves Cherish. I wish the results were already in, but that should be tomorrow.”
“How are you holding up?”
Mila groaned, leaning back in her seat. “Paul showed up. He tried to convince me to let him see Cherish, but I can’t believe he thinks I’m that stupid. I don’t know if he believes she’s actually his, or that he has an easy solution because his wife can’t have a child. Though I’m willing to bet he’s the sterile one in that relationship. Would serve his ass right.” Mila took a deep breath. “Sorry, I’ll stop bitching. Kyle’s inside waiting for me.”
“Go enjoy your date. We’ll talk later, and set up some time for us to come visit you. You’re okay with that, right?”
“Sure, I can’t wait. Cherish misses you guys, and you’ll like Kyle.” Mila grinned, already feeling better.
“Bye Mila,” he hung up.
She hurried inside where Kyle was still waiting. The hostess was eyeing him like he was her favorite dessert. She might have been jealous if Kyle looked at the hostess the same way.
He was too busy watching her, and it made her smile. Mila was still buttoned up in her blouse, paired with a knee-length skirt and sensible shoes, but he always made her feel like the sexiest woman alive.
Then the hostess smiled at her, seemingly genuine, which won her a few points. She’d have to be dead not to admire Kyle. “You’re Mila Day, right? My little brother thinks you’re amazing.”
“That’s me, and thanks. Who’s your brother?”
“Marcus Desantos, the school’s quarterback.” She was obviously proud. “Science used to be his least-favorite subject.”
She blushed. “He seems to enjoy class now.”
“He told me you’re the difference. Not because you’re pretty, which you are, but because you are the reason he’s still on the team. You helped him understand all the things he wasn’t getting before.”
Mila smiled. “I’m glad I could help. He’s a smart kid.”
“Come, let’s get you seated. Kyle wouldn’t let me take him back until you joined us. I must say, you’re a lucky woman.”
“I certainly am.” She grinned at Kyle, who smiled back at her like she was the only woman in the world.
“Enjoy your dinner.” Their hostess went back to the front.
“I knew the quarterback had a crush on you,” Kyle teased.
“Yeah, well I have a thing for the hot fireman next door,” she replied saucily.
“Good, because he’s in love with you,” he kissed her hand, and looked deep into her eyes with a stunning smile.

* * * *

Kyle loved the way Mila lit up, loved it when she was playful. There wasn’t a thing he didn’t love about her.
“I have great news,” Mila blurted out, excitement dancing through her eyes. “My brother is planning to come up in the next month or so. I’ve missed him so much. His wife, too.”
“That’s around the same time my dad is coming out. So you get to meet my family also.”
“Do you think he’ll like us?”
“Of course,” he squeezed her hand tighter, and moved to sit next to her, as opposed to across the table.
The waiter chose that moment to come over. He took their orders and hurried off. Kyle licked his lips. “I do. I want you to meet my father. He’s going to love both of you.”
“I hope so. Maybe my mom will come out eventually. But after she called Paul, I don’t know that I want her here. She’d like you though.”
“I have a feeling you’ll work things out. You said she tried to apologize. She keeps calling, which means she must realize her mistake. When you’re ready, you’ll listen, and maybe she’ll find a way to make it right.” If Mila could forgive Rene, he knew she would forgive her mother in time.
“I’ll call her tomorrow, after the results come in.”
“Can I ask why you hadn’t told her about us?” He wasn’t sure what to make of her omission.
“I told Barb, I told Mason tonight, only because I haven’t talked to him since that first week here.” She shrugged. “I guess I felt like I might jinx us if I told Mom too soon.”
“Why jinx us?” he asked softly.
Mila sighed. “She’d be pushing us together already. Asking when we were going down the aisle. I don’t want her to interfere with our relationship. I want it to unfold naturally, without her pushing. Stupid, huh?”
“No, not at all.” He pulled her closer. “It’s a relief too. Your reasoning makes a hell of a lot more sense than my assumption.”
“Why did you think I didn’t tell her?” She pouted, and he felt the urge to kiss her, but held off.
“It’s stupid.” He frowned.
Her head tilted to the side. “Tell me.”
“That maybe you were ashamed of me. Being a fireman instead of a lawyer or something.”
“Please, that’s my mom’s issue, not mine. I’m proud of you, and besides, Mom was married to my father until he passed away. Dad was a cop. So I’m sure she’ll approve of your career choice. And you are a great guy, who treats my—our daughter—better than I could have hoped for. She’ll love that.”
“I hope so. I can guarantee my father and his wife will love you.”
“I believe you.” She took a deep breath, but her smile was genuine. “So, you’ll get to meet my brother, his darling wife, and their kids. Cherish loved going over there. I’m glad she has Jenny here, and some of the other kids from school.”
“Miss Day,” Brad Slate said in a smarmy tone from the end of the table. He was one of her co-workers. One who had his eyes set on Mila. And there he was at the end of the table with a shitty grin when she looked up. “I didn’t know you were seeing anyone. I thought you said you weren’t interested in dating.”
“Changed my mind,” she answered simply.
His face lit up like a kid on Christmas. “Then you’d be interested in going out with me?”
She shook her head, a soft smile on her lips. “I’m only interested in dating one man, and he has his arm around me right now.”
“You won’t even give me a chance?” he asked.
Kyle held back his laugh as her eyes widened slightly. He spoke up, “Did you not hear Mila? She said she wasn’t interested.”
Brad’s gaze snapped to him. “I asked her, not you.”
Shaking her head, Mila informed Brad, “No, but you are embarrassing yourself. I’m obviously not shoving Kyle away. That should tell you I am with the man I want to be with. This is more than a date, we’re serious about each other.”
“I see that.” Brad frowned. “I suppose I’ll leave you alone then. Good luck with her, Kyle. She’s awfully frigid.”
Kyle stood up, towering over Brad with a glare. “You expect to win a lady over by insulting her?”
Mila took his hand, pulling him back to his seat. “Don’t bother, Kyle. He’s not worth it. He’s entitled to his opinion.” She leaned in to kiss him slowly.
It took everything he had to rein himself in and not molest her in public. When he pulled back, Brad stood there, dumbstruck, watching with wide eyes.
“Okay, point taken,” he grumbled and moved to sit with his sister and her husband. Kyle almost felt bad for the guy.
“Sorry,” she whispered, smiling down at her hands. “I may have gotten carried away, but he makes my skin crawl, and I hoped to put a permanent stop to his come-ons.”
Kyle chuckled. “You can get carried away anytime, and I will admit to loving that side of you. Besides, your way got the point across without involving my fist. I can’t believe his parting shot.”
Amusement danced across her face as her shoulder lifted in a shrug. “I don’t care if one ass-wipe thinks I’m frigid. Better he never know what I’m like behind closed doors.” She leaned in and whispered the next in his ear, “Because I plan to scorch the paint after I get Cherish to sleep tonight.”
“Mmm, Mila, you’re killing me, babe. I don’t know how long I’ll be able to wait.”
“We could always skip dessert and create our own,” she taunted.
The waiter chose that moment to bring their food.
Chapter 26


Apparently Paul got the message because he stayed away. Kyle helped get Cherish to sleep. He read her and Ash a story, and Mila fell even harder for him. Hell, she was glad she put that show on for Brad and anyone else who was there.
Kyle shut Cherish’s bedroom door and followed Mila into her room. “You know, Kyle,” she walked back to the bed, stripping clothes off as she went, “you’re amazing with Cherish. I never wished I’d done anything differently that night, but now I do.”
He smiled back, pulling off his clothes as he stalked her across the room. “I wanted to know your name. I wanted your number. I wanted that mask off. I thought maybe I’d get it off sometime before you woke, but you beat me to it. I always wondered if you regretted that night. I didn’t.”
“I never regretted it. I wish I’d let you take my mask off. But I was afraid you would throw my whole world upside down, and I would roll over and let you rip apart everything I’d built.” She shrugged, losing some of her confidence. “Other than me bailing, I wouldn’t change a single moment.”
“Neither would I.” He laid her down on the bed and crawled up her body. As they made eye contact, she knew beyond all doubt she belonged with him.
Mila rolled him over, climbing on top, and slid over him until he met her end.
“So damned good. And to think Mr. Slate thinks you’re frigid.” He groaned as she rose up only to rock back down.
“Let him think that. Maybe he’ll leave me alone now.”
“I don’t know, he saw the way you kissed me. He’s probably dreaming about it right now, because you have a mouth right out of a wet dream.” He grabbed her head and pulled her in for a deep wet kiss then rolled her over, craving control. Kneeling, he took ankles and placed her calves on his shoulders as he drove into her hard, watching the way her exquisite breasts bounced with each stroke. “So beautiful, Mila.”
“Mmm, you don’t need to flatter me, you’re already in me, a part of me,” she panted as her body undulated.
“You are though,” he groaned as he came, bringing her with him. They collapsed on the bed in a heap.
“Tell me you’ll stay tonight, and not sneak out before tomorrow.” She whispered the last, “Unless it’s too weird.”
“I’ll stay, at least until you leave,” he promised. “In fact, when I can move, I’ll go grab a change of clothes. If you won’t miss me too much.”
She smiled, feeling at home with him. “I sleep better in your arms.”
“I sleep better with you in my arms, love.”
Chapter 27


By the next day, most of Mila’s doubts were gone. Kyle had filled her days and nights with love and happiness, washing away most of the fear. Then the results came in at lunchtime.
It took her ten minutes to work up the courage to open the envelope. Tears filled her eyes as the results confirmed what she already knew.
She was tempted to call Paul and give him a big fat fuck you, but didn’t. Vance had told her it was better to let the results speak for themselves, and she agreed.
Vance was the one who delivered the envelope, but he didn’t stay long. He did invite her, Cherish, and Kyle, to dinner that weekend. She didn’t expect him to be his father’s age, but he was an old friend of the family.
When she tried to call Kyle with the good news, he didn’t answer. He had errands to run on his day off. As much as she hated waiting to hear from him, she knew she would.

* * * *

Mila didn’t hear from Kyle before she left to pick up Cherish, and that sucked, but she understood. He wasn’t home either, but he told her he had a lot to take care of while she was at work.
No reason to stress. Not that her mental reminder helped at all. Her hands trembled, her heart fluttered, and she was sick to her stomach. What-if, what-if, what-if, dancing around her head.
Mila offered Cherish a smile. “Let’s go change out of your favorite dress, and then we can go down to the park for a while.”
Her head bobbled. “Okay. Can we invite Jenny?”
“Of course, baby. Go change and we’ll stop by on the way.”
Mila’s hands shook as she changed into jeans and a t-shirt. What if something happened to him? What if there was an accident? What if…
She squeezed her eyes shut to ward off fear she had no reason to feel. Ash batted at her hand with a mewling sound. When she picked him up, he nuzzled her face with a purr.
A slight smile graced her lips. Finding courage, Mila walked down the stairs, and found her daughter opening the front door.
Kyle stood there with a big smile and a pink bouquet of roses. “I thought you might like these,” Kyle presented the flowers to Cherish, who smiled up at him with big, pale blue eyes. “Oh, thank you! You’re sweet. And they smell pretty.”
“Cherish, honey, why don’t you get a vase and some water? They’re under the sink,” Mila prodded, and Cherish bounced into the kitchen.
“Vance told you?” she whispered.
He nodded. “I wanted to call, but it’s been a crazy day. I was hoping we could tell her. If you are ready, of course?”
Her heart stuttered as she nodded, trying to fight back tears of joy. “Very. You want to do it?” He nodded, and she grinned. “Okay, you’re up. I think she’s going to be happy.”
Cherish came skipping out with the vase. “Here.”
Mila arranged the flowers and set the vase on the table.

* * * *

Kyle took a breath, got down on his knees, and took his little girl’s hands. “I have something important to tell you.”
“Okay,” Cherish smiled, her head tilting eagerly.
“I’m your daddy.” Cherish lit up, and he rambled on. “We didn’t know right away, and one day we’ll explain the whole story, but you don’t have to call me daddy until you’re ready.”
“Really? I had a dream you were.” Cherish threw her arms around his neck. “Does that mean you’ll stay with Mommy forever? You make her happy too.”
“Yes, baby. I’m never leaving as long as you want me.” Tears flooded his eyes. He was so full of joy he could burst. “That’s up to you and your mom though.”
“I’m so excited!” She squeezed tighter, and Mila knelt down, putting her arms around both of them. “Are you happy, Mommy?”
“Yes, baby, very.” Kyle freed one arm to pull Mila into the hug. “You’ll see a lot more of Kyle. Are you okay with that?”
“Very okay, and my dad’s cooler than Brian’s.” Cherish grinned, obviously pleased with the news. “Can I tell Jenny?”
Mila smiled and looked to him with a nod. Kyle grinned and kissed his little girl’s cheek, “Go ahead.”
“Are we still going to the park?”
“Sure.” She pulled out her cell phone and dialed Jenny’s number, handing over the phone. Cherish traipsed off to the kitchen to sit at the counter.
Kyle stood up, pulled Mila to her feet, and into a hug. “Were you on your way out?”
“You weren’t here,” she whispered, feeling stupid for freaking out. “I was getting paranoid, the what-ifs swirling through my head. So, to get my mind off what could go wrong, I was going to go by Cadence’s, to see if she wanted to take Jenny to the park.” With a weak smile, she shrugged. “So we may have company.”
“I had to take care of a few things, and then I needed to get flowers. I’m sorry I didn’t call, but don’t ever worry I will leave, because I’m not letting you go.”
“Okay,” she whispered.
“You do realize that I’ll want to spend all my free time with my two favorite girls. And we will have to tell people. Are you going to be okay with the questions that are no doubt going to come?”
“Yes, I hope it doesn’t affect my job.”
“It won’t. You aren’t the only single parent teacher, and if it was going to affect your job, it would have from the beginning. You are too good a teacher for the school to lose. I guarantee you’ll be fine, sweetheart.”
Cherish skipped into the living room and cheered, “Jenny’s ready. She’s excited.”
“Then let’s go,” Mila grinned.

* * * *

Kyle stood off to the side with Gavin and Cadence while they watched their girls play. Mila sat on a park bench trying to decide what to tell her mother when her phone rang. She groaned, because she didn’t recognize the number. There was only one person it could be.
“Yes?” was all she offered by way of greeting, when she wanted to yell at him to go to hell.
Paul’s voice was fueled with rage. “Congratulations, you’re a slut.”
Mila managed a calm tone. “Whatever I am, I’m happy I never have to deal with you again. You have no tie to me or my daughter. My lawyer put in a no contact order which is already approved. So don’t call again.”
She hung up and decided on calling her mother before she talked herself out of it.
Kyle joined her as the phone rang. He was obviously concerned, but didn’t say anything.
It only rang twice, “Mila, I’m so glad you called. How did the results come out? Were you right?” her mother asked, sounding awfully upset.
She tried to keep the bitterness out of her voice, but failed. “Of course I was right. I told you she couldn’t be Paul’s, but I’m mainly calling to tell you my amazing news. At least for me. I’m sure you’ll find some fault, but it’s not your decision to make.”
“You won’t disappoint me. You never have.”
If only that were true. “I found Cherish’s father, like I told you, and we’re together. It’s serious, we love each other.”
“Mila, if I could go back, I would never have told Paul about Cherish. I was desperate to have you home.”
“Mom, I am at home now. Your place hasn’t been home in a long time.”
“It could have been,” she argued weakly.
“No. I needed you to stop interfering with my life. I didn’t need to have a man pushed at me every time I turned around.”
There was a note of confusion in her voice. “But you love a man now?”
Mila rubbed her temples. “That’s not the point. Kyle and I developed naturally. It wasn’t forced or coerced. It’s real, and yes, I’m in love.” She closed her eyes to hold back the tears. “Can you be happy for me?”
She heard her mother sniffle. “Yes, of course. I just want you well cared for.”
“I am, Mama. Very.”
“Can I meet him?”
“Mason’s coming out in a few weeks. Maybe you can come around that time?”
“Sounds good. I miss my babies.”
Mila couldn’t repress the laugh. “Mom, we haven’t been babies in ages.”
“You’ll always be my baby, Mila. I’m sorry I caused such a mess. I didn’t realize my mistake until it was too late.” Her mother sniffled.
“I appreciate the intent, but Mom, my path might not have been the one you would choose, but that doesn’t matter because I wound up where I need to be. I have a great life, wonderful friends, and now an incredible man. Sure, I did a few things out of order, but I couldn’t ask for better, so please, accept my decisions.”
“Okay, I won’t doubt you anymore, you always do so well for yourself. I shouldn’t have called Paul. I didn’t realize he was still married, and he let me think he wasn’t. That he might want you back.”
“Yeah, well that’s cleared up. Here’s the thing though, Paul and I were never going to work out. We wanted completely different things. I didn’t love him, and we always fought. So this is better. A million times better. Trust me on that, please.”
“I do, I love you, honey.”
“Love you too. Call me when you figure out your travel plans. I can’t wait for you to meet Kyle.”
“Bye, baby.” Her mom hung up and she leaned into Kyle’s embrace.
“You okay?” he asked sincerely.
“Yeah, uh, you’re okay with meeting my mother too, right?”
“Of course. My dad can’t stop asking about you. He’s excited to meet you both.”
She fought back tears, determined not to fall apart at how sweet he was, not here, not in public. “I can’t wait.” He filled her full of love. “How about staying the night with us? And if you want, we can talk about the future after she goes to sleep.”
“You’ve got yourself a deal, little devil.” He kissed her neck, squeezing her tight. “You’ve filled in all the empty spaces in my life, Mila.”
“You do the same for me,” she whispered back.
Gavin and Cadence came to sit down with them.
Cadence grinned. “You two are perfect together. We’re thrilled for you both.”
“Yeah, Kyle always wondered what happened to his little devil. I’m glad he finally found you again.”
“How do you think we should tell people? I mean, I don’t want to keep it a secret, but Mila is worried about her reputation and her job.”
“Please, it’s not that scandalous. The fact that she didn’t know who the father was might have raised questions when she took the job, but it didn’t. I say you tell people next week at the barbeque. Joe is throwing it this time. He wanted to make certain you were invited.” Gavin nudged Mila. “I told him Kyle would make sure you came.”
“All right.” She no longer felt like an outsider. 
Chapter 28


“Time for bed, princess,” Kyle instructed Cherish. “I already told your mother I would read you a bedtime story, but do you want her up here too?” Cherish grinned over his shoulder, and he looked. Mila was standing in the doorway, with a big smile.
“I want both of you,” Cherish bubbled.
“All right then.” He scooped Ash off the floor and settled the kitten next to his daughter with a grin. “Which story do you want?”
She pointed to the book on her table and he read the first story. Cherish fell asleep before he was halfway done. He kissed her forehead, gave Ash a brief pat on the head, and followed Mila into her room.
Mila turned to face him with an expression full of love. She took his hands. “I know your house is full of work you did with your own hands. I hate not having you here, but are you sure you want us there all the time?”
“I am.” He pulled her into his arms. “I want you with me always, and you can’t be when you’re at school, or when I’m at work, but the rest of the time, I want to be with you. Here, there, anywhere. Though, I do have more room in my house. Enough for you to have an office, Cherish to have her own room, our bedroom, and a guest room.”
“Okay, we’ll talk to Cherish about it in the morning. She’ll want to paint her room pink.” Mila sighed, her nose wrinkling.
“Yes, well, red is more your color,” he teased, loving the way she blushed. “Though I bet you look tempting in pink too, but it suits Cherish better.”
She nodded with a crooked grin. “Come Halloween, are you going to be the Phantom again?”
“Do you still have your devil costume?”
She nodded. “In a box in the attic. I won’t swear it still fits though.”
He wrapped his hands around her waist and pulled her tight. “It’ll fit. You feel exactly the same.” He leaned back and grinned. “We have our costumes covered. Maybe you’ll marry me Halloween night?”
“What?” she whispered, breathless.
He pulled out a small black velvet box. “If it’s too fast, I’ll understand, but I’ve been thinking about how to ask since before I found out about Cherish. I was toying with the idea, knowing I would have to wait, but then everything fell into place.”
“Oh, Kyle.” She smiled. “Really?”
He nodded.
“Yes.”
Grinning he opened the box, and she looked down.
Her mouth fell open. “Kyle, it’s gorgeous.”
Taking her hand, he slid the platinum ring with a princess cut diamond on her finger. “This was why I didn’t call. I wanted to find the perfect ring, and surprise you.”
“You have, Kyle. I love you.”
He kissed her softly, and caressed her face. “We can announce it at the barbeque. Have a small wedding on Halloween, and then the reception can be a costume party.”
“Oh god, you are too perfect, yes. Okay, yes.”
He kissed her, loving the way she melded into him, even as he pulled her clothes off, and she managed to get rid of his. “I love you, Mila Day.”
“I love you, too, Kyle.” She pushed him onto the bed and climbed into his lap.
“Make love to me.”
She took him, slow and steady. He splayed his hand across her ass with one hand, fisted her hair with the other, much like they did that first night together. It was so right, and he never wanted to let her go. She made his dreams come true.
Epilogue


Halloween day

“Mommy, you’re so beautiful.” Cherish beamed up at her. “Like a fairytale princess.”
“Hold still, Mila.” Barb giggled. “I almost have the veil in place.”
Mila couldn’t stop smiling. “Thank you, Cherish, but you’re the princess. Look at you in your dress. It’s so pretty.”
“I wish it were pink.” She pouted.
Mila laughed. “Yes, well, it’s a wedding and you’re the flower girl. You have pink roses in your bouquet. That will have to be enough.”
“All right.” She batted her lashes, twirling a dark curl around her finger. “At least I get to wear pink for the party.”
“Yes, you do.” Mila took her daughter’s hand.
Mom walked in, and picked Cherish up. “Are you excited?”
“Yes, I can’t wait to sprinkle the petals,” she answered.
Mila was going to get weepy, everything was so far beyond her best fantasies.
Her mother smiled at her. “I’m so pleased for you. Everything worked out.”
“It did. My own fairytale come true.”
“And Kyle is a wonderful man. I like his family. I’ll miss you being close, but I understand.”
“It was time for me to move on, and I’m glad I did. I wouldn’t have found him if I hadn’t.”
Barb cleared her throat. “You’re ready. We better hurry, so we don’t keep everyone waiting.”

* * * *

“You ready, Kyle?” his father asked before he went to stand at the altar.
“Never been more ready for anything in my life. I love her, Dad, so much, and Cherish.”
“I know, son, I’m happy for you. She is a wonderful woman, though I still find it amusing you fell for the devil when she is such an angel.”
“My angel.”
“And that little girl of yours has stolen my heart. I may have to move back to spoil my granddaughter rotten.”
“You should. We went off birth control. We want another baby.” Kyle couldn’t contain his grin.
Gavin signaled it was time. Kyle was so excited he could hardly breathe. He had the woman of his dreams, an amazing daughter, and he felt whole.
His mother-in-law turned out to be a sweetheart. Misguided, perhaps, but now that Mila was happy, she was too.
She spent the whole trip from the airport apologizing for calling Paul. Kyle could do nothing but forgive her.
The bridal party consisted of Barb as her maid of honor, and Gavin as his best man. They were keeping it simple. Cherish was acting as flower girl and ring bearer. Gavin and Barb walked in first. Then Cherish. And finally Mila and her mother came down the aisle.
He couldn’t tear his eyes away from the woman who held his heart. Her smile was radiant, dark curls spilled around her, and her big, pale blue eyes were bright and shiny. Simply breathtaking.
Never had he seen a more beautiful sight as she walked down the aisle. He was entranced. Once she took his hands, the ceremony commenced. His father was ordained and the one heading it. The service passed so quickly, he hardly noticed because he was so full of love. Mila and her smile brightened his entire life. Cherish never stopped beaming at them.
“You may now kiss the bride,” his father said, and he did, slow and sweet, until he had to pull away or risk embarrassing her.
“I love you, Mila Blake,” he told her and then scooped Cherish up. “I love you, Cherish Blake.”
“I love you too, Daddy.” She hugged him back.

* * * *

They were up in their room, changing. “You sure this isn’t too risqué for a wedding reception?” Mila asked as she came out of the closet, feeling slightly self-conscious in the little red outfit.
It still fit like a glove.
“You look great, and you are covered. And you do make one sexy devil.” He pulled her against him, and she grinned.
“I always loved The Phantom of the Opera. In fact, it was the first musical I took Cherish to.”
“Those better be happy tears.” He wiped them away with a smile. “Because you have me forever, now and always.”
“They are, and you look so damned sexy in that costume. Let’s go though, before they wonder where we went. We have the whole weekend to ourselves.”
“I’m going to miss Cherish.”
“Me too, but she’ll have fun with Aunt Dee and Mom, and we’ll have our own entertainment.”
“We can work on making her a brother or sister,” Kyle teased.
“Mmm, perfect plan. I can’t wait.”
About Brandy L Rivers


Brandy L Rivers is the author of the Others of Edenton and Others of Seattle paranormal romance series. There are more Others of Edenton and Others of Seattle books in the works.
As an avid reader, Brandy has always loved writing. She became serious about it as a stay-at-home-mother. She has a file full of manuscripts she plans to edit and put out there eventually.
She lives in Western Washington with her husband and three kids, where she is already working on future stories in each of the series and several other projects.
If you are interested in receiving emails about future book releases, please sign up for her email distribution list by visiting her site at:
http://www.brandylrivers.com
You can also find her on Facebook at:
https://www.facebook.com/brandylrivers
And at Twitter: https://twitter.com/brandylrivers
Also by Brandy L Rivers

Box Sets
Others of Edenton – Series Volume 1
Others of Edenton – Series Volume 2
Others of Edenton – Series Volume 3
Others of Seattle – Series Volume 1
Others of Seattle – Series Volume 2

Others of Edenton
New Beginnings
In Too Deep
Shadows Fall
Shadows of the Past
Falling Into Place
Fated Love
Breaking Free
Mending Scars
Labor of Love
Light in Darkness
Blissful Agony
Entangled Darkness
Deadly Design (10-24-16)

Others of Seattle
Nights Embrace
Storm Mistress
Accepting Fate
Red Queen
Seductive Solutions
Changing Destiny
Coming Together
Storm Wrath

Nights Embrace Spin Off
Summer Rhythm

Stand Alone Contemporary Romance
Heart on Fire
Falling Star
Sweet Tooth (9-5-16)
Backburn (1-6-17)

Pine Barrens Pack Co-Written with Rebecca Brooke
Cursed Vengeance
Vengeance Unraveled (coming 2017)

To keep up with upcoming releases and news visit me at my
Website – Facebook - Twitter
Or join my newsletter or reading group Rivers’ Shenanigans.
Acknowledgments

Mom, you’re a rock star, and I love you.
Kristin Mayer, you know I love my favorite Slater stalker. You’ve always been one of the best beta readers.
Rebecca Brooke, you are amazing, and I appreciate all your suggestions. You helped make this book so much better.
Felicia Tatum, thank you for convincing me to publish a contemporary. I had the story, but you talked me into putting it out there.
To my Dauntless Indies ladies, you rock. Sarah, we’ve already hung out, but we’ll have a blast. Felicia, Shawn, Michelle, and Michele, I can’t wait to meet you face-to-face.
Shirley Williamson, thank you a million times over for beta reading, giving me something to think about, and for encouraging me to do a contemporary romance in the midst of my paranormal.
To my extra beta readers, thank you again, Melinda, Diane, Wendy, and Jenni.
To my street team, Rivers Others, you all are incredible, I can’t thank you enough.
Tara Shaner, you rock. I think I may have told you that a time or two, but there it is again. Even when we butt heads and it seems I’m being a P.I.T.A, I’m taking in everything you’ve said, possibly asking more questions, and then figuring out a way to improve the story even more, thanks to your brilliance.
And to my readers, I love you all. I am overwhelmed by your support. You are the best readers.
Preview: Falling Star
Brandy L Rivers © 2016 





One day of hell changed her forever.
Ella Cross wanted to bury her on-screen persona even before her abduction. Being in the spotlight grew worse after the ordeal. She left Raven Star behind to find herself again.
A fresh start.
No ties to her past.
In a small town where only her oldest friend knows who she was, she believes her secrets are safe. But secrets never stay hidden forever. Sooner or later the past always resurfaces.
Then she meets him.
Trent Ward can’t resist his new neighbor. Ella is familiar, but he can’t place why. He knows she’s running from something. As much as he wants to protect her, he wants to unravel her mystery.
Between his demons and her past, Trent may not have the strength to explore the growing connection to Ella.
Will he save her from her worst nightmare?


Chapter 1


April…

No more Raven Star.
Time to put her to rest and let Ella Blair find her place.
Ella. The girl who craved her freedom, and being able to do what she wanted on a whim. As much as she loved seeing herself on the big screen, the constant barrage of photographers and reporters hounding her every step had smothered her passion for acting. She’d become a prisoner, hiding away to best avoid landing in the tabloids and gossip magazines.
She pressed the gas pedal harder, smiling to herself as she left behind the city lights.
Her phone rang, and she pressed talk. The music faded as she said, “Hey, Ryan. Aren’t you tired of me yet?”
Ryan King, her best friend in Hollywood, and her co-star in several movies, laughed warmly. “Come on, angel, I’ll never get tired of you. Besides, Shannon wants you to come stay with us at the ranch.”
“No, I don’t want to interrupt you two lovebirds. I’m disappearing. Maybe if I’m gone long enough, the paparazzi and my stalker will forget all about me.”
He huffed a breath. “Cops never found a lead, did they?”
She snorted. “I’m not even sure they’re looking. Apparently they can’t find evidence of breaking and entering, so it’s not a high priority. Bastard was in my house, leaving me things.” She sighed, and forced a smile, hoping it reached her voice. “Doesn’t matter. No one will find me where I’m going.”
“Don’t know about that, Rave, but good luck.”
“Have fun with Shannon. Maybe I’ll swing by there some other time.”
Clashing metal rang out as her head slammed against the window, pain spreading through her skull. The car was thrown to the side, glass flying from the passenger window. She raised her arm on instinct. The car flipped over and she banged her head against the glass again.
“Raven, what happened?” Ryan screamed, but his voice faded with the scene around her.

* * * *

Soft flickering light pulled her from sleep. Her head throbbed, the pain pounded through her.
Concussion? Did I hit my head?
She tried to move her numb hands, but they were trapped above her head while she lay flat on her back. Bound? In bed?
Ice flowed through her veins. She sucked in a breath and choked on the familiar scent of rose and lavender. The same candles her stalker had left. She choked down a terrified scream and tried to push the fear away.
Her heart thundered, making the ache in her head pulse as blood rushed, drowning out the silence. She couldn’t remember how she got there, but she was alone in a candlelit room. White walls and a bed with a white comforter matching what furniture she could see through clouded vision.
A creak from above caught her breath. Another followed. He was upstairs, walking around.
Ella closed her eyes, her breathing deep and out of rhythm. She counted her heartbeats, tuning out the fear, and focusing on something solid and steady. After a moment, her heart rate slowed, the fear ebbing to a manageable level.
In the Midnight Daughter franchise, she’d played a spy. The studio had hired a former Navy Seal to train her and Ryan. O’Neil taught her everything he knew about knots.
She followed the rope tethering her wrists to the headboard. Focusing on the task, she freed the knot securing her to the bed, but her wrists remained bound in the rope.
The world swayed and spun when she sat up. Tiny lights swirled throughout the room. The scent in the air made the rising nausea worse. Doing her best to ignore the fragrance, she concentrated on the rope cutting off the circulation to her hands.
She couldn’t reach the knots. A door slammed shut somewhere above her and she froze, straining to hear. The faint purr of a vehicle gave her hope.
Scooting to the edge of the bed, she held her arms out to the candle flame in hopes the rope would burn, praying her stalker was working alone.
A cry escaped her lips as the heat got to be too much, she pulled her arms away as the rope grew hotter, a small portion smoldering and burning against her left wrist. With tears in her eyes, she caught part of the rope in her teeth and pulled. The burning fibers started to break, loosening the rope one strand at a time.
The burn on her wrist hurt like nothing she’d ever felt, but she was determined to get free. When the rope on that hand finally pulled apart, she removed the binding on the other and flung the remnants on the floor as she curled on her side, holding her blistered wrist to her chest.
Her vision dimmed as the pain increased. She rolled onto her wrist, hoping pressure or something would ease the deep burn. Time passed until she remembered the situation.
“You don’t have time to cry,” she whispered to herself. “Got to get out.”
Pushing the pain out of her mind, as much as possible, she sat up and ran a shaky hand down the cotton dress. A whimper escaped as she glanced at the white material. Not her clothes. At least, she was dressed. She refused to think about what had happened while she’d been unconscious but would deal with that once she was away from this place.
Tiptoeing to the door, she reached for the handle. Damn. Locked from the other side. She didn’t have the strength to bust down a door, let alone one that appeared steel-reinforced.
A quick assessment around the room gave her little hope. Maybe a basement or some kind of cellar. No windows. The vent was too small to attempt. Small room, filled mostly with a bed, a table, and a dresser. Not even a closet. Lit candles scattered around on the table and dresser.
Ella’s panic abated as she concentrated on finding a way out. Starting at the dresser seemed the first logical place for an item that might help. No clothes, no shoes, nothing. Not even dust.
She froze when she heard a vehicle pull onto a gravel driveway, the same steady purr of an engine. Then it shut off. With no way out but the door, she silently crept to the side with hinges and waited.
A door slammed upstairs. Floorboards creaked. Her heart thumped to the rhythm of footfalls down the stairs. It was now or never.
When the door to her room creaked open and someone stepped inside, Ella slammed the door into the big man, knocking him into the dresser. Candles fell, rolling onto the bed as he spun her, pulling her against his muscular body.
“You’re not leaving. This is my chance,” he snarled, staring into her eyes as he rolled on top of her. She froze as steel gray orbs bored into her. So familiar, just on the edge of memory.
“No chance, asshole. Get off me!” she screamed back.
He gripped her shoulders and lifted her up before slamming her back down. Her head hit the cement floor and her vision darkened.
“You’re going to love me, Ella.”
Her eyes widened. No one but her brother and Mila had called her Ella since she left Seattle. Sweat beaded on her brow. Smoke from the burning bed filled the room.
“You’re hurting me!” she cried.
“Didn’t want to. You were supposed to come away with me.” He pulled her wrists above her head and gripped them in one hand, then reached for something with the other, shifting his weight.
She kneed him in the balls. His reaction was instant as he curled up and rolled into the dresser, knocking more candles over, onto the bed.
Scrambling to her feet, she ran out the door, and up the stairs at the end of the hall. Adrenaline pumped through her, pushing her faster.
Halfway up, he caught her ankle and she went down, slamming her nose and cheek into the cement stairs. Stars danced in her vision as she kicked at his hand and face. He dragged her down, her head thumping on another step as she slammed her foot into his cheek, knocking his head into the wall with a thud. His grip fell away and she dashed the rest of the way up the stairs, reaching the door.
Locked again, but she flipped the bolt and raced into sunlight that nearly blinded her. Smoke and heat pushed at her as she stumbled in the grass. His agony-filled scream set her into motion again. She ran as fast as her shaky legs could carry her, through the dense brush.
She made it past the trees and tripped across the ditch as the daylight faded around her.

* * * *

Flashing lights and deafening sirens jolted Ella awake. Two people rolled her onto a stretcher and she tried to jerk away.
“Calm down,” a woman murmured. “You’ve been through an ordeal, but we’re here to help. I need you to relax and take a nice deep breath for me.”
She recognized the paramedic uniforms. Both the woman and her male partner watched, seeming to study her, waiting for a reaction. Flashing red lights from the fire trucks sparked fragments of memory. That voice in her ear, a man behind her, his hands on her skin.
Ella flinched away, tears in her eyes, her voice a shaky fraction of her normal volume. “A man. He took me there. I got away.” She only stopped speaking when the coughing fit started.
The woman nodded. “Looks like he had you bound. You hit your head hard, broke your nose too. And your arm is burned. Police are on standby waiting for your statement and their investigation of the property, but the firemen are working to put the fire out first.”
Fear wound tight. She struggled to get air into her lungs. Before her next breath, a paramedic had an oxygen mask set up.
A police officer approached. “Ma’am, if you’re able, I’d like you to tell me what happened.”
She wasn’t sure about the details. Nearly all of the events since the car crash remained foggy in her memory. She blinked back tears and looked up at him. “I was driving. Going on vacation. Someone hit my car. I was tied to a bed when I woke up.” Her hands trembled as she stared at the burn from the rope and the heat on her wrists. The world started to tilt and she reached up to touch her throbbing skull. Her fingers came away sticky and red.
“Careful. We’re here to take care of you,” the female medic said.
Ella met the policeman’s gaze. “You need to find him. He’s been stalking me for years. Leaving gifts in my house. And then he took me.”
“We’ll find him,” he promised.
Her heart raced, and her lungs wouldn’t fill with enough air. Everything and everyone around her went fuzzy as every ache and pain magnified.

Want to finish reading? You can find more here.
