Heartbreak Warfare
By Cheyenne Barnett
Copyright 2015 Cheyenne Barnett
Smashwords Edition


This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite eBook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Book Cover Made By Cheyenne Barnett
Stock Photo By: SplitShire under the CC0 Public Domain license.
Changes were made.




Contents
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty-Four
Chapter Twenty-Five
Chapter Twenty-Six
Chapter Twenty-Seven
Chapter Twenty-Eight
Chapter Twenty-Nine
Chapter Thirty
Chapter Thirty-One
Chapter Thirty-Two
Epilogue
About the Author



To Mary Jo Russell
For supporting me in my journey…


Chapter One
“Doctor Grey, you have a new patient at three,” Lisa states as I walk by her desk. It had been three years since I finished college and became a psychiatrist and yet I still hadn’t gotten used to being called Doctor.
I was an old-fashioned, country girl and I liked my first name, Peyton, much better than Doctor Grey. It kind of made me feel like an old lady but it didn’t matter how many times I told Lisa, she always called me Doctor Grey. Eventually, I just gave up and decided to save my breath.
If I was truly the boss, I would probably make it a rule, but technically, this wasn’t my office. I was just a partner and I was fine with that. Running my own office seemed a little too stressful for me and I’d much rather stress out my ex-fiancé than myself.
And yes, you heard me correctly. The guy that actually owns the place is my ex, Doctor Matthew Meadows. He’s also a psychiatrist, whom I met in college. He was a year ahead of me and when I graduated, he offered me a position here.
Of course, I took it. I mean I was in college for twelve years, I was eager to begin working and also to pay off my school loans. Anyway, after being here for a month, Matthew asked me out and I accepted.
We had been dating a year when he popped the question and of course, I said yes. After all, I had my dream job, so why couldn’t I have my dream husband? I was thirty years old at that time and I really wanted to get married and have kids. Problem was, I chose the wrong guy.
We had only been engaged for two months when I caught him in bed with one of our nurses. I broke it off immediately and threw the ring at his face, but I’m sure anyone would do that, right? 
Most of you are probably wondering why in the world I still work with him, but the truth is, this is a nice place to work. You couldn’t find any other place better than this and even though I hated him, he treated me pretty well, which I guess he had to since I was one of the busiest physicians in the office, and you know what that means…
I made him more money.
But I didn’t mind that much, I certainly got my share and my bank account showed it. I rarely ever spent any of my money, simply because it was only me. I had only bought myself two big things since getting the job; a black 2013 Mustang GT and a nice house in the country. Everything else went toward paying off my school loans and once they were paid off, I didn’t really have anything else to pay on.
I didn’t have any family living with me, so my funds went into the bank and pretty much sat there. It was nice knowing I had money in case of an emergency, but I didn’t let it go to my head. I wasn’t one of those stuck up Doctors with a brand new Mercedes Benz and a huge mansion; that just wasn’t me. Sure a Mustang was a nice car, but most middle-class families could afford one, it wasn’t a high-class thing.
I kind of think that’s what made me and Matthew so different. He was like that, he had a new Mercedes every couple of months and had all kinds of old muscle cars in his garage collecting dust. I just never saw the point in that. He also kind of flaunted his money, something I never did…
I walk down the long corridor and go into my office. It felt like home, which is why I liked it. I didn’t have those harsh fluorescent lights like most offices had, I only had a few lamps placed around the room. The room was painted tan with brown leather furniture. It reminded me of a rustic home office, or at least that’s what my patients always said.
I closed the door behind me and went over to my desk. I had a new folder laying in the center. Must be my new patient. With a slight oomph, I sat down in my chair and took a look at the file…

Jay Parker
31 years old
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
Adoptive parents died when he was twenty. Afterward, he enlisted in the military. He’s had two, four-year terms in Iran and liked one more year of finishing his third. A very devastating explosion occurred at his base camp two months ago. Shortly after, he went to military prison for disobeying a direct order.
Now, he’s being sentenced to one hundred hours of psychiatric sessions per the military judge. He will receive three sessions a week, Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, for as long as you see fit.
In order to complete the hours listed above, you must complete a handwritten letter to the judge, stating Mr. Parker’s current psychiatric state. The letter must be signed and sealed within a witness’ sight and delivered directly by you to the judge.

Dang, what did this guy do?
This was one of the parts I enjoyed about my job. In a way, I was kind of like a detective. I only had so much information to go on and there was always a mystery to solve. In this case, what caused his parents death? Is that what made him go into the army? What was so significant about the explosion that made him develop PTSD? Or was it even the explosion that caused it?
So many questions to be answered, so little time.
Usually, I was pretty good at judging character. Even though I hadn’t met Jay yet, I had a feeling he was going to be a difficult one. Normally, when I got a PTSD patient and they happened to be from the army, it was always an interesting case. Men don’t like opening up about their feelings and that was going to be even harder when the guy was a soldier.
I definitely had my work cut out for me that was for sure. But, that’s why I liked my job. You just never know what’s going to walk through that door.
I checked the time and noticed that it was almost three. Jay should be arriving any minute. I got up and opened my shades, letting the sunlight in. I placed a stress ball in the corner of my desk as well as a bottle of water.
After my office was neat and tidy, I sat back down and waited patiently.
Soon, there was a knock at my door and Lisa stepped inside. “Your new patient is here. Are you ready for him?” She asks.
I nod. “Yes, please send him in.”
She leaves my door open and goes down the hallway. She was only gone a minute before she returned with a tall, muscular young man. I glanced down at my file to see that he was thirty-one years old. I was kind of surprised since he looked like he’d be in his mid-twenties.
She ushers him in and shuts the door. I stand and smile politely. “You must be Jay Parker. I’m Doctor Grey, but you can call me Peyton.” I extend my hand but he seems a little shy. I sigh and sit back down in my chair. “Please, have a seat where ever you’d like.”
He sits in a chair near the side of my desk. “Peyton, huh?” He asks.
I nod. “Yes, I prefer to be called by my first name.”
He cocks an eyebrow. “Really? Most Doctor’s like to be addressed that way.”
“Yes, most do, but not me. I prefer my patients to be friends. So, I like to be addressed in that way. Shall we get started?”
He sighs. “If we must.”
“I take it you’re not too excited to be here?”
He grins and rolls his eyes. “I find it hard to believe that anyone would want to be here, Peyton. I, for one, don’t like discussing my life with people I don’t know.”
“Oh, well, it seems as if the judge picked the right psychiatrist. I don’t hound you, Jay. You tell me what you want to tell me and nothing more. But I agree with you, I like to know people as well. So, since this is our first session, you can ask the questions.”
I seemed to have really caught him off guard. He repositioned himself in the chair and watched me with those stunning brown eyes. Finally, he spoke. “Really? I can ask you anything I want?”
“Yes, anything that will help you get to know me better.”
He thought a moment before asking, “Okay, so I know it’s quite rude to ask a woman their age, and you don’t have to tell me, but I’m thirty-one, are you close to my age?”
I smiled, realizing he does have some manners. “I don’t mind, I’m thirty-three, actually. I’ve worked here for three years.”
“Just three years?”
“Well, I had twelve years of college before that.”
He seemed surprised. “Twelve?”
“Of course, you didn’t think being a psychiatrist was an easy job, did you?”
“Well, I wasn’t expecting that long… Uh, are you married?”
“No.”
He goes quiet. “Okay, so I’m not good at asking questions. This would be a whole lot easier if you just told me some things about yourself.”
Apparently, he gives up easily. “Fine. I’m thirty-three years old, I’m not married, and I have no children. I’m originally from here. I went to the University of Kentucky for twelve years. I hate it when people call me Doctor. I love my first name. I love Starbuck’s, it’s like my home away from home. And I could eat my weight in peanut butter every day.”
Starbucks and peanut butter seemed to have caught his attention. “That it?”
“Well, is there anything else you’d like to know?”
He shrugs, “Guess not.”
“Okay, then. I suppose that does it for today.”
He glares at me. “Seriously? Not even ten minutes?”
“The judge left it up to me how long each session lasts. I told you that I will not push you into talking to me. We just met.”
“You aren’t going to ask me anything?” He asks.
I shake my head. “No, not unless you want me to.”
When he first came in, he was a little tense, then he kind of calmed down, and now we’re back to tense. “Look, you may be the best psychiatrist around, but that doesn’t make me want to be here. I have no choice but to go through this, otherwise, I get put into military prison for a year. So, I’d rather we just get this over with.”
“That’s your decision… Okay,” I look down at his file. “Let’s start at the very beginning. Tell me about your parents.” I ask bluntly. I could tell he wasn’t expecting it. He just looked at me like he didn’t hear me. I waited for him to answer, but he never did. “Look, Jay, you wanted to move along and that’s exactly what I’m doing.”
His expression softened momentarily, but then I saw a flash of anger in his eyes. “You know what,” He starts, standing up and walking toward the door. “I don’t need this. It’s none of your business what happened to me or my parents. I think I’d rather go back to military prison. At least people would leave me alone!” He kicks the door in frustration and leaves the room.
I knew better than to go after him. He was angry, so let him be angry. I couldn’t make him talk to me if he didn’t want to. But who knows, maybe he’d come back Wednesday.

Chapter Two
Tuesday was a blur. I had so many appointments, I could barely keep up. I even had to reschedule a few for a different day. From bipolar patients to schizophrenia, I thought I was going to lose my mind.
All my patients loved to talk to me and I loved talking to them as well, but sometimes they went over the time limit for their appointment and no matter how many times I tried to wrap it up, they always started talking about something else.
So, on my way out of the office, I stopped to speak with Lisa. “Is something wrong, Doctor Grey?” Every time she addressed me that way, I just wanted to scream.
“Yes, Lisa. From now on, I would like no more than ten appointments a day. That means one appointment per hour. No more, not unless it’s an emergency referral from a Doctor, okay?”
I believe she was surprised at how stern I was, but I was serious. I could not handle that many patients, I’d probably seen at least twenty-five people today and I could not be at my best with that much stress. “Yes, ma’am. I’ll make sure it never happens again.”
I nod. “Good, thank you, Lisa. Have a nice night.” She smiles politely as I leave the office. When I step out into the cool, fall air, I shudder. Kentucky’s weather can sure fool you. It was just the end of August and already, the leaves had turned on the trees and it was freezing out here! I’m telling you, I think Mother Nature needs to see me, looks like she needs to get rid of her split personality… Gez.
As I walk toward my car, I search for my keys in my purse. Why must I always carry a huge purse? After taking nearly everything out, I find them near the bottom. I press the unlock button on my remote and walk toward my Mustang.
“Mustang? Not what I was expecting.” I turn quickly on my heel to find none other than Jay Parker standing in front of me.
“Mr. Parker? What are you doing back here?” I ask, putting a hand on my hip.
“I came to talk to you.” Now, most people would have been scared, but for some reason, I wasn’t. Jay wasn’t a creepy stalker, or at least, not that I knew of. “Ever since I left yesterday, I have been waiting to be arrested for not holding up my end of the deal. Judges hate that, you know… But, yet I’m here… Why didn’t you call me in?”
I sigh. “Well, technically we had our session. It was over before you left.”
“But I said that-”
I cut him off. “I know what you said, but I also know that you didn’t mean it. I’m in this career because I love it. I’m here to help people and I plan on helping you if you let me.”
He chuckles. “You really think you can help me?”
I nod. “No, I know I can. But only if you let me.”
His face goes serious. “You really believe that, don’t you?”
“Jay, I’ve had many PTSD cases over the years. I can help you, I don’t doubt myself one bit, but you have to be willing to talk to me. To open up about your past and let me in.” When he didn’t say anything, I continued. “I think I know why you’re so against this.”
“And why would that be?”
“I’m a woman and you don’t want a woman’s help.”
He gazes at me. “I assure you, Peyton, that is not the reason. I have no problem with women, I just don’t like talking to people I don’t know.”
Oh, I can play this game. “Fine. Then get in the car.” I walk toward the driver’s door as Jay watches. He seems quite surprised.
“What?”
“Get in the car. You want to get to know me, then that’s what we’re gonna do. Now, get in the car, or I will call the judge.” There was certainly no hesitation after that, he got in without another word.
I pulled out of the parking lot and headed down Old US-25S. When he noticed that we were going away from town, he spoke up. “Where are we going?”
“You’ll see…”
After about ten minutes of driving, we had finally arrived at my house. I turned down Grey Court and pulled into my driveway. Jay followed me out and stopped at the porch as I unlocked the door.
“Is this your place?” He asks.
I nod. “Yes, come in.”
My house was a one story, sandstone ranch. The house featured three bedrooms, two baths, and a rather large deck. “You live here?” He asks again as he steps into the living room.
“Yes, why? Expecting a mansion like everyone else?”
He nods. “Well, yeah, sort of…”
“Look around, I’ll be back.” I leave him standing alone in the living room as I walk toward the master bedroom. I sort through my closet and find something comfortable to wear. I could not stand wearing dress clothes all day, they were so overrated.
Finally, I decided on a black track suit and changed. I let my hair out of its tight bun and let it fall across my shoulders. Once I was decent, I left the bedroom and found Jay standing at my fireplace, looking at all my pictures. “Is that your parents?” He asks, pointing to the first frame. I nod. “Where are they, if you don’t mind me asking?”
I sigh and sit down on the couch. “They live in town.”
“No siblings?”
“Nope, you?” He shakes his head.
He continues down the line of pictures and stops at the last one. “Isn’t this at the office?” I nod. “Well, whoever that guy is, you certainly don’t like him.” He points to Matthew’s picture. I couldn’t believe I even still had that thing, but it was at last year’s Christmas party. I wasn’t going to let one bad person ruin the whole group photo.
“How’d you know?” I ask, surprised.
“Look at the body language… You clearly hate the guy.”
“I don’t hate my boss… I just choose to keep my distance.”
He places the picture back on the mantle and turns back to me. “So, you take all your patients to your house?”
I chuckle. “No, this is quite new for me. But there’s no better way to get to know a person than looking in their house. So, go on, look around.”
He was a little awkward at first but eventually started walking around. When he was out of my sight, I yelled, “I’ll know if something’s missing!”
He sticks his head around the corner. “If there is one thing I’m not, it’s a thief.” He goes from one room to the other and then finally, sits down across from me.
“Know me yet?” I ask.
“Well, you seem to be a simple, country girl, just like you said.”
I grin. “I surprised you, didn’t I?”
He nods. “Yeah, a little…” He pauses. “Why did you bring me here?”
“I told you, so you could get to know me.”
“Why do you care so much? I mean, if I was in any other woman’s house, we’d be doing a lot more than just looking at one another.”
I have to admit, that kind of struck a nerve. “Do you really think I’m flirting with you, Mr. Parker? Because if you think that, then please, let yourself out and walk back to your car, I’ll call the judge and let him know that you should be assigned to someone else, preferably, a male.”
His eyes go wide. “I-I didn’t mean it that way, I just wanted to know why you care so much? You don’t know that much about me…”
“No, I don’t, which means everything you say to me, gives me an idea. And right now, I’m getting the idea that I should drop you off at the corner of Second and Limestone. I have a feeling you’ll find what you want there.”
He knew exactly what I was talking about. “I would never do a thing like that.”
“Good, now I know a little more about your character… You don’t do hookers, you seem honorable, you have a slight temper, and you seem to appreciate simplicity.”
“That was a test, wasn’t it?” He asks.
I nod. “Of sorts… Now, I guess I should take you back. I’ll be expecting you tomorrow for your appointment.” I get up, grab my keys, and head toward the car with him right behind me.
On the way back to the office, he stays quiet, which I was expecting. I put him through multiple tests this evening, I’m sure he’d like some peace.
Once we arrived at the parking lot, he opened his door and got out. “Should I be expecting you tomorrow?” I ask before he shuts the door.
He bends down and matches my gaze. “I’ll be here.” He adds, before shutting the door and walking away. I smile to myself,
Step One: Gaining His Trust = Complete.

Chapter Three
When I woke up the next morning, I was excited to go to work. Jay had been intrigued and I was very determined to help him. The thing I was very curious to find out was if he’d show up. If he did, then I’d learn a little more about his character, he’d be a man of his word.
For me, the worst part about getting ready for work was trying to look the part. Why couldn’t I just wear my jeans and t-shirt? I mean, all I do is talk to people all day, it’s not like they care about what I wear. To make this process as quick as possible, every time I did the laundry, I would hang them up by outfits, that way, everything I needed was together and I wouldn’t have to search through stuff to match.
I know, most girls love to shop, but I didn’t care that much for it. Sure, it was always good to look nice, but that didn’t make me like it anymore.
Once I was ready to go, I left and headed to work. The office was already open when I got there, so I went in the back entrance and got settled in my office. I put away my coat and locked my purse up in one of my bottom desk drawers.
When I heard a knock at my door, I thought it was Lisa, telling me my first patient had arrived. “Come in!” I call from my desk.
To my surprise, Matthew enters the room. “Good morning, Peyton.”
I glance up at him. “Morning,” I add, looking down at some paperwork on my desk. Maybe if I act like I’m busy, he’ll just leave.
“So, I had been meaning to ask you something, but you left so quick yesterday, I didn’t get the chance.” He walks over to my desk and sits in front of me.
“Could you make it quick? I have work to do.”
“Fine. My sister, Leah, is getting married this weekend and I need a date. I was hoping that you’d be able to go with me since you know her.”
“I’m sorry, I’m busy this weekend.”
He stands. “Oh, come on, Peyton! I thought you’d get over this by now! It’s been years, why can’t we just move on? Aren’t you a forgiving person?”
Before I even had the chance to say anything, someone else butts in. “Sir, I believe the lady told you she was busy.” I look up and see Jay in the door. Is he my first appointment?
Matthew turns to him. “And who are you?”
“Jay Parker. Ex-military Captain. And you are interfering with my appointment, so do you mind?” Jay walks by him and sits down in front of me, smiling.
“We’ll talk about this later,” Matthew adds, before slamming the door shut.
“You’re welcome,” Jay adds, smirking.
“Why’d you do that?”
He shrugs. “I didn’t know who it was at first, but your body language gave it away. And he was interfering with my appointment… So, since I saved you from that discussion, you get to tell me why you hate him so much.”
I sigh. “Thank you, but can’t we just move on? I wasn’t sure you’d show up.”
“If I tell you I’ll do something, I’ll do it. I told you I’d be here and I’m here. And no, we may not continue until you tell me what his problem is?” He wasn’t going to give up, I’m just as well to tell him so we can move on.
“Matthew and I met in college. He graduated a year before me and opened this office. When I graduated, he offered me a job here and I took it. Not long after that, he asked me out and we had dated for about a year when he asked me to marry him. A couple months after that, I caught him in bed with one of our nurses and threw my engagement ring at his face. End of story.”
He didn’t respond immediately, and that’s when I knew I had really caught him off guard… “Well, okay then… I guess, we can begin.”
“Good.” I open his file and start at the beginning. “Are you ready to talk about your parents? Or shall we start elsewhere?”
He nods. “My real mother died in childbirth and my father wanted nothing to do with me. I was adopted when I was four months old by Charles and Annie Parker. They couldn’t have kids of their own, so they chose to adopt. I was the only child they ever had and they were always good to me. When I graduated high school, I helped Dad run a mill that he owned. Two years later, my parents died in a house fire. I wasn’t home at the time and when I got the call, it was already too late. They never found their body, only ashes.”
Truthfully, I wasn’t expecting him to go into that kind of detail, I was just looking for their names. “Well, I’m sorry for your loss… But, what happened to the mill? Do you own it now?”
He shakes his head. “No, it closed after my parents’ death, no one’s been there since. I had nothing left when they passed away, the only home I’d ever known was a complete loss and since the mill closed, I was out of a job. That’s when I went into the army.”
“And you’ve been in the army ever since, no other jobs?”
“Nope, that’s it.”
“Okay, so let’s discuss what recently happened in your life. Why did you disobey an order? Was it intentional?”
He didn’t respond right away and that’s when I knew that his parents had nothing to do with his problem. Whatever it was, it wasn’t an old wound, this one was fresh. “We don’t have to go that far today-” I start but he cuts me off.
“No, I told you, I want this over with and who knows, maybe you will help me. Who am I to judge you?” Whoa, where’d that come from? Where’s Jay? “Her name was Holly Rush. She was a Lieutenant under me, she went everywhere my team went and she’d been with me for nine years. She was a hard worker and she’d do anything for the army. She was like me, she had no family, no friends, just work. Earlier in the year, our base camp was invaded by terrorists in the middle of the night. I saved as many people as I could and when I started accounting for them, I noticed Holly was missing. I was given strict orders to continue moving forward, but I made my troops go on without me, I couldn’t leave her behind. And that’s where this came from.” He lifts his shirt to expose two gunshot wounds.
“You were shot?”
“I didn’t know until much later. I found Holly, she was alive, but severely injured. She begged me to leave her but I couldn’t. I carried her back to our new location but it was too late. No one could stop the bleeding and she died an hour later. Which was when I noticed I had been shot.”
“I know when adrenaline kicks in, you can be somewhat invincible, but I can’t believe that you didn’t know you were shot?”
He sighs. “That’s what everyone says until it happens to them. I didn’t care about me, I cared about-” He stopped himself. I knew what he was about to say and he shouldn’t be afraid to admit it. But, it was all in his time, I wasn’t going to push him. “When the General found out that I didn’t follow his orders, he flew me back here and I was sentenced to military prison. Thankfully, the judge gave me another chance, which brought me here to you.”
“Well, I’m going to call this judge and see what I can do. You’re free to go.” 
He looks at me confused. “Did I say something wrong? I told you, Peyton, I don’t want another psychiatrist.”
I shake my head. “No, no, I’m calling him to tell him that there’s nothing wrong with you. Whoever diagnosed you with post-traumatic stress is a lunatic. And whoever your General is, I’d like to speak with him. He can’t throw you in military prison for trying to save one of your troops. That’s the craziest thing I’ve ever heard of! Jay, I will get these charges dropped.”
He grins slightly. “Well, if it’s not PTSD, then what is it?”
I stop rummaging through his file and look at him. “You’re just hurt. All of this has been going on so long, you haven’t had time to grieve. You don’t have to tell me, I already know. Holly was much more to you than a friend. You can tell the way you talk about her and I’m going to make sure that this is taken care of. You shouldn’t have to go through this.”
In the three years I’d been working, I had never tried to have a patient acquitted from military charges, but I wasn’t about to let that stop me. Jay didn’t deserve this, he did nothing wrong and I was going to fix it.

Chapter Four
When I told Jay that I was going to fix this, I meant it. Whoever his General was, they were idiots and I had a feeling I would be the first one to tell them. So, I had Lisa clear all my appointments for the day and told her there was a patient emergency I had to attend to.
She didn’t question me and soon, Jay and I were on our way to the local army base. I had called ahead of time and scheduled a meeting with the military judge. That was certainly another perk to being a psychiatrist; when you called for a meeting, they showed up. I told him who the meeting was about but nothing more.
Once we arrived, we went inside the main office building and I signed in. “Judge Helton will be with you shortly.” The receptionist adds as Jay and I take a seat against the back wall.
“Are you sure about this? What if he doesn’t go for it?” Jay asks, nervously.
“Just relax. I know you’ve only known me three days, but just let me take care of this, alright? If anything, it could get some of the hours cut.” He remained silent until my name was called. “Wait here.”
I follow the receptionist down a long corridor as she pointed me in the direction of the correct office. The door was open and a skinny, grey-headed man sat at the desk. When he noticed me, he stood and took off his reading glasses. “You must be Doctor Grey.” He shakes my hand.
“Peyton,” I add graciously.
“Ah, yes, Peyton, well you can call me Thomas.” We sit down as he repositions his glasses and looks down at a paper on his desk. “And this meeting is referring to Mr. Jay Parker… Ah, I do remember the young man. What’s the problem? Not showing up?”
I shake my head, “No, your honor. He’s actually right outside… I was actually wondering who diagnosed him with PTSD?”
“Well, according to my record, it was his General, that’s why we sent him to you. I thought you could help him since you’re a psychiatrist. May I ask why that’s important?”
“Jay does not have PTSD, sir. And if you think it’s possible, I’d like to speak to his General. I believe Jay’s punishment was overlooked, he did nothing wrong.”
He cocks an eyebrow. “I have to say, you are a very brave young woman, but before we discuss his General, tell me why you think its wrong… I’m all ears.”
“Thank you. Let me give you a little back story on Jay. He has no family, no friends. The only person that he truly cared about was Lieutenant Holly Rush. She had been in his unit for nine years. He bonded with her since she was in his position, no family either. The night he supposedly ‘disobeyed’ a direct order, was the night that his unit was attacked in their sleep. After he saved as many as he could, he started accounting for his team. Holly wasn’t there, so he went back for her. He was shot twice trying to save her and he didn’t even know it. He saved Holly from the attack, but her injuries were too severe, she died an hour later, sir. Now, would you explain to me how that can cause a man to be put in military prison?”
He seemed shocked, apparently, he hadn’t heard that part of the story. “Well, that’s one thing I don’t like about being a Judge… Sometimes, you don’t get the full story. The only thing I was told was that he disobeyed a direct order in the line of fire, they don’t have to tell me why, since around here, it’s an automatic dishonorable discharge. But I do understand your concern… And you are completely sure he doesn’t have post-traumatic stress?”
I nod. “Positive.”
He sighs. “Well, let’s go see that General, shall we?” He stands from his desk and walks out the door. I’m glad I got the chance to talk to both of them, but I also wasn’t prepared to speak to the General yet. I hadn’t put together my motion or anything.
On the way back to the front of the building, we pass the waiting room. “Mr. Parker, I’d like you to accompany us,” Thomas adds as Jay joins us. He was completely unaware of what was going on until we followed Thomas into an office building across from his and the very first office read, General Steve Pittman.
I was surprised at the Judge, he didn’t even knock, he just went right in. Which I soon understood, since the General had his own secretary. “Tell Steve it's Thomas. I need to see him ASAP.” The secretary nods and picks up a phone repeating everything that was just said. Within a minute, the door behind her opens, revealing a middle-aged, dark headed man.
“Thomas, this is a nice surprise.” He shakes his hand and then notices Jay and I. “Now, I know you, but who’s this?” He looks to me.
Thomas answers before I get the chance. “Doctor Peyton Grey, Mr. Parker’s psychiatrist… But before we get to them, I’d like to talk to you one on one.” Steve nods and walks back into his office with Thomas right behind him.
Jay and I sat down on a couch against the back wall. “So, what did the Judge say? And why are we here? You usually have to schedule an appointment weeks out to speak to him.” Jay adds, looking to me.
I shrug. “Perks of being a Doctor? And Thomas is on board. He agreed with everything I had to say, now we just have to see what this one says. And Thomas didn’t seem pleased with him either.”
We were left alone for about ten minutes before Thomas came out and got me. “Steve is quite stubborn, so if you want to get anything out of him, you’ll have to fight fire with fire.” He ushers me into the room and stands beside me at the General’s desk.
“Doctor Grey, you seem to have a problem with my diagnosis?”
I nod. “General Pittman… Are you a licensed physician?”
He shakes his head, “Well, no…”
“Then you shouldn’t be diagnosing anyone. Please tell me, why you thought Mr. Parker had PTSD? What were his symptoms at the time?”
He thinks a moment before responding. “Mr. Parker was avoiding talking about the situation, he was often times extremely angry, he’d have nightmares… He was antisocial. Doesn’t that sound like PTSD to you?”
He tried to throw me off, but I knew better. “Or is it signs of emotional distress? The woman he saved in that camp was his best friend, General. The only friend he’d had since his parents died. And then to lose her, how do you think he felt? His life has been nothing more than sad events. His real mother died in childbirth, his father wanted nothing to do with him. His adoptive parents were killed in a fire, he lost the only home he’d ever known and then he loses his best friend. Wouldn’t you be a little upset too? Of course, he would avoid talking about it! Why would he want to? He was angry because he didn’t want to feel sad. I’m sure he just kept seeing her in his dreams, dying in his arms over and over. Tell me, General, how would that make you feel?”
He blinked a couple times, glancing at the Judge. “I was unaware that she went so much to him. I had never been informed.”
“Well, if you would pay attention to your fellow soldiers, then maybe you would… I came here today to get these charges dropped. Jay does not deserve to be treated like a fugitive. He did nothing wrong and he does not have a mental illness.”
I could tell he was going to be stubborn and I already had a comeback. “And what if I believe he still does?”
Boy, I’m sure glad he said that.
“Then I’ll reach out to the media. Who are they going to believe? A General or a Doctor? Who will a jury side with? Think about that, General. Wouldn’t that be a good headline in the news, American Soldier Punished for Saving One of Our Own?”
Yep, that got him and even Thomas agreed. “Steve, you have little say in what I do, but I can get his dishonorable discharge removed without your consent. And I will be referring his name up into the high power, I believe he deserves a metal. He was a true soldier that day. I can do that, but you have to agree to remove his psychiatric sessions. So, what do you want to do?”
The General picked up his phone, “Send Mr. Parker in please.” Within a minute or so, Jay comes in and stands beside me. “Mr. Parker, your dishonorable discharge will be removed. You are a member of this army but I will be giving you some time off to recuperate. However, I will not be releasing you from Doctor Grey’s care. Instead of a hundred hours, you now have twenty-five. And I give her complete control. She may decide to let you go early or later, it’s her decision… You are a lucky man to get a Doctor that cares as much for you as she does. Not many people would have the guts to come in here and talk to me the way she did… You’re free to go.”
I thank Thomas before Jay and I leave the office. He was grinning ear to ear all the way to the car. “What? You still have to put up with me?” I add, unlocking the car.
“Yeah, but I don’t mind so much. You’re alright, Peyton.”
I wasn’t expecting that little comment but for some reason, it gave me a warm, fuzzy feeling inside. I was glad he didn’t hate my guts. Now, maybe I could help him grieve and move on.
Once we were back at my office, he followed me inside. “Forget something?” I ask but he shakes his head and sits down in the chair in front of my desk.
“No, I just thought I had a few more minutes left in my session.”
I smile and sit down across from him. “If you’d like.”
“Why did you do it? I’m a soldier and I wouldn’t stand up to him like you did… It could have gotten me put back in military prison.”
“Well, I don’t work for him. There was no sense of being afraid of him. And when I’m angry, I can be a little intimidating.”
He chuckles, “I heard what you said about the media. That was good.”
“I know.” Since he had asked me something, it was my turn to ask the questions and there was one thing I really wanted to know… “Just out of curiosity, why did you open up to me this morning? I thought it would at least take a couple more sessions and even then I wasn’t expecting all that detail.”
His face goes completely serious. “This morning when I walked in on the Matt issue, I could tell how hurt you were. I know it’s been a long time since it happened but you seem really afraid of him. I don’t know why but you don’t have to tell me. I figured since you weren’t having a good day, I could at least try to work with you. And I’m kind of glad I did… I’m really sorry for what he did, Peyton. You’re a good person and you didn’t deserve it.”

Chapter Five
Jay and I decided to keep our sessions the same, Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays. Since it had been a very long day, I left right after he did. I had assumed Lisa had rescheduled all my appointments anyway, so there was really no point of me staying.
I gathered all my things and left my office. I walked out the back exit and headed toward my car. And of course, I had to remove everything from my purse just to find my stupid keys. I swear, one of these days, I’m going to get myself a small handbag. Digging around for things I needed was really starting to get old… Fast.
After looking like a total idiot for a couple minutes, I managed to find them and then I threw everything else back into my bag. There was no point in organization, I would just ruin it when I needed something else. I clicked the unlock button and started toward the driver’s door when I heard my name. “Peyton, wait up.” I turn around to see Matthew walking toward me. Great. “I told you I needed to talk to you earlier.”
“What do you want? I’m kind of in a hurry.” He finally catches up and stands in front of me. He was a little too close for my comfort, so I backed up.
He smirked. “Come on, Peyton. Really?” He pauses. “I know we’ve had a rough past and all, but I still care about you. I wouldn’t let you keep your job if I didn’t… Look, you and Leah used to be close, she really wants you at the wedding. Just come with me?”
How many times was he going to ask? “Matthew, I already told you. I have plans. I’m not coming. Now, I have to go.” I started to turn around, but he stopped me and pushed me up against the car.
“What on earth could be more important than your boss? Consider it work related. I’ll even pay you.” He whispered in my ear. I felt his breath against my neck and I was so ready to knee him, but before I got the chance, he stumbled back.
Then I saw Jay turn him around and push him up against the trunk of my car. “Whatcha doin’ there, man? I believe the nice, young lady said she had plans. Now, get out of here before you regret it.”
Jay released him and walked toward me. “Regret it, really?” Matthew placed a hand on Jay’s shoulder, turning him around. Next thing I knew, Matthew’s fist connected with Jay’s face and then the brawl began.
Jay threw him against the back of my car and held him by his throat. I mean, really? Why would Matthew even start this? A silly psychiatrist versus a soldier? Who do you think is going to win? It’s not freakin’ rocket science.
Jay threw a punch and it definitely connected with Matt’s face. I heard a cracking sound and immediately knew it was his nose. “Aw, we can’t have you bleeding on Peyton’s car, now could we? That would just be rude!” Jay took his hand and tossed him to the car in front of me. “Whose car is this?” He yelled.
“Mine!” Matt responded. 
“Aw, lucky pick. Now, I’m going to let you go this time, but if I ever catch you with her again, I will do much, much worse than just break your nose. I believe you forgot what I told you this morning. I’m a soldier, Matt, I’ve killed a lot of people with my bare hands, and you would be no different… And by the way, go ahead and try to press charges… See what happens.” He releases him and walks toward me.
“Are you okay?”
I nod. “Get your car and follow me.”
He didn’t hesitate and before long we were on US-25S, heading toward my house. I argued with myself all the way there, why had I been so stupid? Why didn’t I stop him? Jay could have gotten in a lot of trouble, and he still could if Matthew reports it. I doubted he would, but still. I should have stopped it before it got out of hand. I guess, I was just in shock. I never expected Matthew to hit on me, but I also didn’t expect Jay to go haywire.
But it would be a lie if I told you I didn’t enjoy it. Matthew did deserve it after all he had done. I guess this was Karma’s way of revenge…
When we arrived at the house, I unlocked the door and went toward the kitchen. “Sit,” I add, nodding toward the couch. I find a sandwich bag and start filling it with ice.
“Well, I’m surprised at you, not even a thank you?” He chuckles as I throw the bag at him and sit in the chair opposite to him. Now, I could really tell how bad his eye looked.
That was going to hurt tomorrow…
“You shouldn’t have done that. If he presses charges, this will not go over well with the Judge or the General.” He presses the ice to his eye and sighs.
“He isn’t going to say anything. Did you see his face?”
“Jay, I’m serious. You should have left it alone and why were you still there? You left at least a half an hour before I did?”
“When I left, I overheard Matt talking to the receptionist. He told her to let him know when you left and he didn’t care if he was with a patient or not. I figured things wouldn’t go well, so I stuck around.”
“What are you? A stalker?” I joke.
He didn’t think it was too funny. “And I was right, wasn’t I? If I didn’t stop him, there’s no telling what he would have done.”
“Why do you care? And I can take care of myself, for your information. I took a self-defense class. You don’t think I work with mentally ill patients every day and not know how to handle myself?”
He laughs. “Yeah, I saw what you were going to do. Knee him, really? All that was going to do was make him mad. You may have gotten away but what would stop him the next time?”
“Just stay out of it, please? Matthew’s bark is much worse than his bite. I assure you. He’s just a sad, sad man who wants every woman to be involved with him.”
It was silent for a few minutes before he spoke up. “You know, I still haven’t heard a thank you… You won’t admit it, but I totally saved your butt out there.”
I cock an eyebrow. “Says the guy with the black eye?”
“Hey, am I the one bleeding? No.”
He was right, he did save me. I don’t know what from but whatever Matthew was planning to do, it wasn’t good and I knew that when I looked in his eyes. He had that same look once before, not to me, but someone I knew well…
When Jay started to leave, I stopped him in the doorway. “Thanks for that. I guess now we’re even. I saved you from your charges and you saved me from whatever that was… And for Friday, don’t bother coming to the office-”
His eyes go wide. “You heard the General, you’re still-”
“That’s not what I meant. Don’t come to the office because I’m about a hundred percent sure by tomorrow, I won’t have a job. So, Friday, just stop by here and we’ll have our session.”
He nodded reluctantly. “I didn’t mean to get you fired…”
“I know, but truth is, I should have left a long time ago. Who knows, maybe I’ll open my own clinic. And you’d better be my first patient.”
He smiles. “Tell me when and I’ll be there.” He started walking down the steps toward the driveway. “See you Friday, Peyton.”
“See you then.” I shut my door and fall back onto the couch. Tomorrow was going to be rough but for some reason, I didn’t care. I had a feeling Friday would make up for it. I had never been excited about sessions in my life, but I was with Jay. There was never a dull moment with him and I was still quite interested in his life story.

Chapter Six
I was right and I knew I would be.
When I went to work the next morning, Matthew wasn’t there. I had a feeling I would lose my job today and that feeling would soon be right. Lisa didn’t say anything to me when I came in, which was quite unusual, and when I went to my office, there were a couple boxes sitting in my chair as well as a note.

You’re fired. And you’re lucky I didn’t press charges.

I roll my eyes, “Yeah, cause you’re afraid.” I mutter to myself.
I took the boxes and started filling them up with all my things. Mostly books, office supplies, etc. Technically, the furniture wasn’t mine. Matthew bought it when I first got the job, but I had picked it out…
It didn’t take me long since I really didn’t have a lot of stuff. I ended up with three boxes and carried each of them to my car, one by one. When I was finished, I went back inside and made sure I didn’t forget anything. Once I was sure, I left. No one said anything to me and to my surprise, Matthew never showed up.
Honestly, I had been expecting a little confrontation, which is why I brought my pepper spray key chain this time, but I should have known better. Matthew was a prep, he wasn’t going to let anyone see him beat up.
His poor, poor face… Not.
When I got back home, I sat the boxes in a spare bedroom and laid around the rest of the day. I was so used to working, I forgot what it was like to just relax. I hadn’t taken a day off since I got the job, it was weird. So, I enjoyed the alone time. I knew that come tomorrow, I’d have my appointment with Jay and then after that, I could look into finding another job…

The next morning, I got up as if I was going to work. I showered and dried my hair. Then, I realized, I wasn’t leaving the house, so why dress up? Instead of putting my hair up in its usual tight bun, I kept it down and let it do as it pleased. Of course, it was wavy, as it always was when I left it alone. But today, I didn’t mind. It was just me, so why not?
After my hair and makeup were finished, I went to my closet to figure out what I was going to wear. I pushed aside the work clothes and found something casual. It was a blue silk t-shirt, jeans, and navy TOMS with matching jewelry. It was weird at first, but I just thought of it as casual Friday. It just so happened that I finished just in time for my first, and only appointment. As I was walking out of my bedroom, the doorbell rang. I looked out the window and saw Jay wearing his usual button-up shirt and jeans.
I opened the door. “Right on time.”
He glances at me and walks inside. “You look… Different.”
I chuckle. “Casual Friday, don’t you know?”
He sits on the couch as I close the door. “So, how’d it go yesterday?”
“Let’s just say, you’ll be coming here until I find another job.”
I walk over to the chair and sit in front of him. “Was he there?”
“Nope. Now, shall we get started?” I pick up my clipboard from the coffee table. “You want me to start or would you like to?”
He shrugs, “Doesn’t matter to me.”
“Alright, then… Tell me about Holly.”
For a minute, he acts as if he didn't know what to say. He looks around the room nervously. “Well, like what?”
“Like what she looked like… Things you liked about her.”
He pauses. “Okay… She had dark brown hair, which she usually kept up in her hat, you know being a soldier and all… It was longer than it was supposed to be, but since she kept it out of sight, no one really bothered her. She was probably as tall as you and you both have the same eye color, hazel.” Did he notice my eyes? “She certainly wasn’t shy, she’d tell you exactly what she thought of you, whether it hurt your feelings or not… She liked to talk about her childhood, but only up until she turned sixteen since that was when her parents died.”
“She seems nice. What about you? How did you meet?”
 “She started in my unit when I was twenty-two. I had just been promoted at the time and it was in the summer. We were all at camp, learning new combat techniques. Some of the Captains got to watch the newbies and if we liked them, we could recruit them. I watched her run a mile and a half, climb a twelve-foot fence, and swim a hundred yards in a little over ten minutes. And to this day, it's still a record. That's when I called dibs. She was a tough, young lady.”
I nod as I jot down a few notes. “And she started talking to you soon after?”
“Yeah… Guess so…” He changes the subject. “You know, I've been thinking… Why don't you run your own clinic here at home?” I was about to get him back on topic, but then I thought about it.
 “Well, I never really considered it… Why?”
 “Think about it. You’d never have to leave home, you'd save on gas. You would technically make more money since you’d own and run your own office. It could just be you and I have a feeling patients would like it. What's better than talking in a home atmosphere?”
He had a point… “Do you think it would work?”
He laughs. “Peyton, think about it? You wouldn't have to deal with bosses, you are the boss. It could be all you and the best part is, you could do it your way. You don't want to dress up? Don't. I like you better when you dress like this. It makes you look like a person, instead of a shrink.”
I ignored the ‘shrink’ comment. “But where would I put it? I don't have any room for a receptionist or an office in here? All my rooms are filled.”
 “Then don’t have them in here. Build it outside. You can have the brick match the house and everything. Just a little building big enough for two or three rooms.”
The more he talked, the more I liked the idea. “It’s actually not a bad idea…”
“See? I could even help you build it. I helped my Dad built things around our house. I even built the place I live in now.”
I cock an eyebrow. “Really?”
He nods. “Me and my Dad built it as a guest house years ago. It was far enough away from the fire, that it wasn't bothered. That's where I’ve stayed since I got back.”
“How big is it?” He seemed confused. “I mean, it is it big enough for an office? Maybe I could contract someone to build a replica of sorts.”
 “Contract? I just told you I can do it. Since I got you fired, it’s the least I can do. And it can even pay for my sessions?” Seemed fair.
“Can I at least see it first?”
He nods. “We can go right now. I’ll drive.”
Since I really did want to see it, I didn't argue. I locked up and followed him to his truck. It was old Chevrolet Silverado. He could tell I was curious, “It was my Dad’s.”
I had never asked Jay where he lived and when he continued farther down the highway, I realized he was only a couple miles away. It looked to be a farm and once he pulled off onto a gravel road, I could tell it was just that. An old run-down barn sat vacant at the end of the property. Then I saw a large concrete platform sitting alone in the middle of a few large oak trees. It was what was left of the house… He parked in front of it and got out. I followed him around the truck and down a dirt pathway. It led around the house and behind the oak trees to a little green building with a tin roof. He walked up to the front door and unlocked it. “Ladies first.” He adds as I walk in front of him.
It was small but big enough for him. The walls were painted white and the furniture was oak. He had one couch against the wall with a small TV in the corner. Across the room was a mini kitchen, much like a trailer would have. A small bathroom was just off the kitchen, followed by the bedroom.
 “I know it’s a little small for what you need but I can build bigger. I was thinking a waiting room, your office, a storage room, and restroom. What do you think?”
“I like it but are you sure you can do all of it yourself? Really, I can hire a contractor. It's no big deal.” He shakes his head.
 “My Dad and I built this in two weeks. And that was just working in the evenings. I’m sure I can do it, and there’s no point of hiring a contractor for such a little job.”
I sigh. “I guess it makes sense… Alright, you’re hired.”
That seemed to have made his day, but I really did want him to build it for me. He did a good job on this place, and that was years ago. I’m sure he could do even better now. And even though at first, I really didn’t want to run my own business, I liked the idea. I was at home and I could work whenever I wanted.
I was the boss.

Chapter Seven
I hardly slept that night; I was so excited to open up my own clinic. I had always thought about going out on my own, I just didn’t want the stress. But now, it didn’t seem stressful. I was at my house, doing what I loved. What could be so bad?
 Jay assured me that he could be completely done with the building process within a month. I could decorate as I pleased and once I got my business permit, I would be all set to go. I didn’t realize he was so hard working until the next morning. He was at my front door by eight AM, waiting for me to get ready. He wanted to get to Lowe’s and get all the supplies he needed so he could get to work.
I wasn’t expecting him to start today, but I wasn't going to complain either. The sooner, the better, I guess. So, we drove his truck and started loading it with lumber. While he picked out the little things he needed, I went and looked at windows and doors. I was thinking about everything matching the house, but I quickly decided against it.
 Instead, I chose a dark green siding. So, I went with light cherry wood for the windows and doors. I sure hoped they matched as well as I had hoped, but if they didn’t, they assured me I could come back and exchange them for something else.
Of course, they had to order most of the things I bought, so all we went home with was the basics, like lumber. I was surprised when I noticed that we hadn’t bought concrete. “What about the foundation? We didn’t get any mix.”
He chuckles, as he backs his truck beside the garage. “Did you really think I was going to use concrete? That would take forever.”
“Then what are you using? We can’t just build it on the ground.”
He puts the truck in park. “Wood. It’s been used for years and the kind we bought is pre-soaked. It's fire and termite resistant. Wood is as sturdy as anything else and it’s not like we’re building a whole house. It’s only eight hundred square feet.”
 “I have to say, you know more than I do about this.” I get out and follow him around the house. He surveys the lot.
 “I’d sure hope I would. I am the builder, you know… Now, I was thinking we’d build it here since it’s already level. That way, we can connect your driveway and build a small parking lot beside your garage. And this could be a walkway.” He points out each of his ideas.
“You know what? I’m going to let this be a trust exercise. I trust you to use your best judgment. Wherever you think is best is fine with me… Anything you need from me?”
He shakes his head. “No pressure… Nope, I think I’ve got it.”
I went back inside and did some cleaning. I had gotten a little behind this week and I thought now was a good time to catch up. Mostly, my bathroom needed help, the rest of the house was fine, so it really didn’t take me that long once I got to work.
After all was said and done, I had spent about an hour cleaning. I then decided to make a pitcher of lemonade and take Jay a glass. When I heard a loud screeching noise, I looked outside… Where in the heck did he get a saw?
With the glass in hand, I slipped out the back door to see what he was up to. “Where’d all this come from?” I ask, handing him the drink.
“I brought some of my Dad’s old stuff. I’m kind of surprised it still works…” He takes a drink and looks back at the empty lot. “I was thinking instead of a wide building, we’d make it long and narrow. Like waiting room in the front, then a small hallway leading to the bathroom on the left, followed by your office?”
I nod. “I told you, trust exercise. Do what you think is best. I’m really not picky…”
And that’s when I heard it…
That voice.
“Peyton, dear. There you are! I've been calling you but your phone is turned off. You’re father and I wanted to come visit for the day. You hardly ever stop by anymore.” Mom was here. Great. “Oh, and who’s this?” She asks, looking toward Jay.
“Jay Parker. Nice to meet you, ma’am.” He nods toward her and then gets back to work. She stands beside me as Dad catches up.
“Well, what’s going on here? Building on to the house?” He asks.
I shake my head. “Uh, why don't we go inside?” I push them toward the back door.
 “Dear, I believe your father asked you a question.”
“And I would be delighted to answer you, but first, let’s go inside and leave Jay to work.” I force a smile and continue toward the house. I probably wouldn’t have minded any other time, but I didn’t want Jay to hear just how messed up my family was.
He’d think I was a hypocrite.
“You’ve been like this ever since Matthew left you…” Mom mutters. And that’s when I didn't care who heard me. I didn’t care if people could hear me twenty miles from here. I didn't mind one bit.
“Mother, I believe you forgot that I left him. Not the other way around!”
“Peyton, we are not getting into this right now. This was the exact argument that happened the last time we came over. And it’s the same reason you haven't spoken to us since Christmas! Now, can we please be adults about this!”
“I am an adult! And it’s a shame that we can't speak to one another because of Matthew! He cheated on me and yet, you want me to crawl back to him. I am not doing it! I just soon to be alone the rest of my life than to be with that jerk!”
“Do not raise your voice to your mother, young lady,” Dad adds.
I groan. “And you’re just as bad as she is! I told you before, I was done talking about it. And if you're still hung up on it after all these years, you can leave. I’m busy.”
Mom gasps. “Well, I have never! We just came over here to see how you were! You won't even call and tell us you’re alive!”
“And if I stayed with Matthew, I probably wouldn't be! You don't know half the story because if I told you, you wouldn't believe me! Now, leave!” I didn't have to say another word. They both turned on their heel and left. 
Thank God.
I turn to Jay who seemed to be in shock. “I’m sincerely sorry that you had to hear that. I hope you think nothing less of me. My parents and I have had a strained relationship for some years now, this is nothing new… If you need anything, I'll be inside.”
A part of me expected him to ask questions, but he didn't. He simply nodded.
I knew one thing for sure, if they caused me to lose the only current patient I had, I would never forgive them. I told them to stay out of my business and the first thing they do is bring up Matthew. I swear it’s like they want to start trouble.
And you wonder why I don't talk to them…
Later on, I decided to fix some lunch. Since Jay didn’t want me to pay him, I could at least make sure he ate. So, I fixed us both a chicken sandwich and went out to the patio. I motioned for him to join me.
“I wasn’t expecting meals to be added into the contract.” He jokes.
“Consider it verbally added.”
He didn’t say anything else and we ate in silence for a little while until I spoke up. “You don't have to feel bad, Jay. I’m a psychiatrist, I know and I can tell.”
“I just can't believe they liked that-well, you know…”
“Exactly what I said. But they’ll never understand. They just wanted a son-in-law and a bunch of grandchildren like all their friends have. They didn't care what I wanted.”
 “What do you want?”
I pause. “Well, I’d like to get back to work.”
“Besides that, Peyton. What about you?”
I shrug. “I've never really thought about it. Ever since I left Matthew, I’ve thrown myself into my work… I never wanted to think about anything else.”
He sighs. “Not to seem like your psychiatrist or anything, but don’t you think it’s time for you? You know, to take time for yourself. Looks to me like you worry about other people’s lives so much, you never have time to work on your own.”
I look up at him. “Only a week of sessions and you're already sounding like me. Well, Mr. Parker, I think you’re catching on fast.”
He smiles. “Well, I learned from the best.”

Chapter Eight
Jay never mentioned my parents again. He ate lunch and then got back to work. I didn’t see him again until that evening when I invited him in for dinner. I expected him to leave afterward, but he didn’t. He worked until dark and then went home.
He spent almost twelve hours working on the foundation today and to my surprise, he was almost finished with it. He had a little over half of it built and I figured he would be done by tomorrow or the next day.
So, I was hoping the windows and doors I ordered would be in soon. Or it would put us a little behind. But I wasn’t in too much of a hurry, I wanted everything to be done in a timely manner, yes, but I didn’t want to rush Jay. He was only one man, after all…

Sunday came and Jay arrived shortly after dawn. He got to work right away and I even tried to help a little, but let’s just say I wasn’t that great with a hammer and nails. I promised that I would do nothing else unless it involved paint and decorating…
The day went by quicker than usual, I guess because I was actually doing something. Usually, the weekends were slow, but I never did anything. Ninety-nine percent of the time, I sat and watched endless movie marathons. Sounds fun to some, but not to me. I wanted to work, to be busy every now and then, but I had no one to do that with.
At least, not since I left Matthew…
Don’t get me wrong, I liked being at home from time to time, but I kind of missed going out every Friday night. Matthew was always talking at business seminars and going to charity events. I liked chatting with other people, I just wished I could have gone with someone besides Matthew.
What a jerk.
“Hey, Peyton!” Jay yells from the backyard. I walk out of the kitchen and open the patio door. Jay’s standing beside the garage, he’s talking to someone. “Apparently, you forgot what I told you…”
“No, I didn’t. I just came to talk to Peyton privately. I’m more surprised to see you here, actually.” Matthew. Oh boy.
I walked down the steps and stood next to Jay. “What do you want?”
I couldn’t help but crack a smile once I saw a large white bandage covering Matthew’s nose. He cocks an eyebrow. “Blunt today, eh? Well, I came to talk to you. But now, I think I’m more interested in what army dude’s doing here… Why is he here?”
“I don’t believe it’s any of your business,” I add coldly.
He shrugs. “Fine. Now, can we talk?”
Jay interrupts. “I don’t think she has anything to say to you.”
Matthew’s eyes narrow. “Why don’t you let her speak for herself, tough guy?”
Jay looks at me. “I have nothing to say to you.”
It looked like I really got under his skin, but it wasn’t my fault Jay said exactly what I had thought. And it wasn’t a lie, I had nothing to say to him. He just groaned. “Okay, then I’ll just go to the board and report you for having an inappropriate Doctor-patient relationship.”
Jay spoke before I even had the chance to process what he just said. “Inappropriate, huh? I don’t see anything wrong. And I believe a judge would agree. You fired Peyton, you have no authority over her. And she doesn’t have a job, so technically, she’s not my psychiatrist. And there is no relationship, I’m helping her remodel. Plain and simple.”
I’m so glad he just said remodel and not building my own office… Matthew seemed stunned. “I can play games, Peyton. If you don’t want to listen to me, then don’t. But at one point or another, you’ll have to.” He stomps off toward his car and leaves without another word.
I walk back toward the house. “Thanks, Jay,” I add, opening the door.
“Anytime… You really should get a restraining order against him.”
I went inside and continued washing the dishes… Maybe a restraining order would work. I really didn’t want this to get any worse than it already had and maybe that could help… I guess, I should look into it.
Once the sun disappeared over the mountain and nightfall set in, Jay got ready to leave. He knocked on the back door, as he always did before he left, to tell me he was leaving. I opened it. “Leaving?” I ask.
He nodded. “Yeah, I was actually wondering if you would come by for a minute or two… I need some help getting the measurements for the bathroom…” It seemed a little suspicious to me, but I agreed.
“Yeah, sure. Just let me get my keys.”
“No, I’ll bring you back, I’m not far anyway…”
“Are you sure?” He nods. “Okay, then.” I lock the doors and get in the truck with Jay. He seemed anxious, which kind of scared me… I mean, what could possibly bother Jay?
He seemed very watchful of his surroundings all the way to his house, which made me even more curious. “Is something wrong?”
“What?” He shakes his head. “No, no, of course not. Now, let’s get those measurements.” He unlocks his front door and gets his measuring tape out of his tool box. “Now, hold your end against that wall.” I push the tape up and hold it in place as he pulls his end to the opposite wall of the bathroom. He reads the measurement and writes it down on a piece of paper.  “Now, hold it over here.” He points to the wall adjacent the two.
We repeat this process over and over. He even measured the sink, for what reason, I have no idea. “You know, we should probably measure it again, just be sure. I wouldn’t want to screw anything up.”
So, we measured yet again and when he mentioned measuring the outside, I knew he was up to something. Especially when we walked by the kitchen and I saw a paper with the same measurements written on it.  “You already had them?”
He didn’t seem to know what to say.
“Okay, seriously, Jay. What’s going on? Why did you make me come here when you already had everything you needed? And why couldn’t I drive?” I had an idea, but I sure hope I was wrong. “You’re kind of freaking me out…”
He sighs. “Well, it’s not what you’re thinking… I’m not a creepy stalker. But before I do make you a little paranoid, let’s go back to your house and see if my theory was correct.” I had no idea what he was talking about, but I liked the idea of going home.
So, we went back and got in the truck. He drove a few miles down the highway and pulled into my driveway. That’s when I noticed my front door was wide open. I looked back to Jay in fright. “Matthew?” He nods. “You knew he would come back, didn’t you?”
“I had a bad feeling.”
“So, making me leave with you and leaving my car… You wanted him to think I was here, am I right?”
“If he came and your car was gone, he wouldn’t have gone in. He would have waited until he knew you were here. I’d rather he go in when you weren’t here, just to be on the safe side… Now, move your knee.” He reaches for the glove compartment and pulls out a handgun. He loads it and pulls the safety off.
“What are you doing? Are you crazy? I’ll just call the cops.”
“Not yet. If he’s still in there, I’d much rather shoot him than have the cops do it. At least then, I’ll get a little fun out of it.” He opens the door and gets out of the truck. I follow him.
“I don’t think so. You’re not going in there by yourself.” I get down next to Jay beside my car. I pull a bobby pin out of my hair and start twisting it in the lock.
“What are you doing? You’ll set the alarm off!” He whispers.
“No, the alarm isn’t set. It’s just locked.” I hear a slight clicking sound and open the door. I reached into my glove compartment and pull out my pistol. Jay’s eyes go wide.
“Seriously? And you’re the one preaching my funeral?”
“Dude, do you really think a single, country girl is just going to drive around without anything to protect herself with? I mean, really?”
He rolls his eyes. “Do you even know how to use it?” I glare. “I’ll take that as a yes.” He looks over the hood at the house as I pull the safety. “I’m ready.”
“Deal is, you cover me, I’ll cover you, got it?”
I smirk. “Oh, we’re going in all FBI, are we?”
“Seriously, Peyton, if you want to joke, stay out here.”
“No, no, I’m serious. I’m going.”
He looks back at me. “Fine, but if you get me killed, I’ll haunt you in your sleep.” Without another word, we walk up to the front door. Jay heads in first, gun drawled. He heads to the right as I cover the left. We sweep the living room, which is completely demolished. My couch was torn all to pieces with what looked to be knife slits. And not only the couch but every other piece of furniture I owned. It wasn’t just the living room either, but also every other room in the house.
When we got to my bedroom, that’s when I really got scared. The cotton from my pillows covered the room, along with the shredded remains of my comforter. In the center of the bed, laid a small piece of paper, along with my old engagement ring.

The bullets you see in your bed were meant for you. But it seems as if I was a little late in my arrival. I won’t be late next time and I do apologize for the wreck I left. Which is why I left a gift. I hope you will accept my offer to become my wife again… Either way, you will wear that ring. Either of your own free will or as a parting gift in your casket.


Chapter Nine
Right after we cleared the house, I called the cops. They arrived within minutes and couldn't believe the shape my house was in. They had to get a report from each of us and we both explained our incidents with Matthew in the past. I even had to go into detail about our relationship, something I never wanted to explain again.
They had already pulled the previous report that I had filed a couple years ago when I got Matthew arrested for assault. He had a very bad alcohol problem and it wouldn't do for anybody to make him mad while he was drunk, he was liable to kill you.
However, the Judge dropped the charges when Matthew agreed to go to rehab for six months and when he completed his treatment, he seemed much better, but of course, at that time, I had already broken off the engagement. He tried to pursue me then, but I refused. Even if he had won the battle against his demons, I didn't want to be put in that situation again.
Now, I’m glad I stayed away. I had a feeling he did all this while he was under the influence, which meant that he had relapsed, just as I had expected he would. And I was even more thankful that Jay made me leave. It was no secret, and the cops agreed, that Jay had saved my life.
“The forensics team has taken the evidence to the lab to further investigate. They are almost one-hundred percent sure that it is Matthew’s DNA, but they have to run it through our system first. Once they get confirmation, we can issue a warrant. The results should be back by morning, so we ask that you not stay here. Matthew is out there somewhere and he knows exactly what he’s done. He will likely try to cover it up once he comes to himself, which is why we’re going to have a unit stay the night. But we’d like it if you stayed somewhere else, so you don't contaminate any other evidence we may need.”
The officer gave us permission to leave the premise and the only thing I was allowed to leave with was a suitcase of clothes and toiletries that had been deemed fit by the forensics team. As well as my car. My problem was, where would I go? There was no way I was staying with my parents, they would never believe me anyway… 
I sat down in my car and started surfing the web for nearby hotels. I wanted something cheap, but clean. The problem was the annual craft festival was in town and every hotel I called was completely booked.
Looks like I’ll have to go somewhere and sleep in my car.
“I cannot believe you even tried that. You knew they would be booked.” I turned my attention to my driver’s side window. Jay leaned over, looking in.
“I had a little hope.”
He smiles, “Seems to me like you have no other choice then… You’re just going to have to take me up on my offer. Come stay with me. You have nowhere else to go and you know Matthew won’t come around me. He had a lot of nerve tonight, and I’ll bet you, he won’t do it again.”
“Oh, you don’t have room for me. I’ll just sleep in my car.”
“Peyton, I know that we have only known each other a week, but seriously, if you still think I’m a serial killer, then I must do a sorry job at proving myself… When I was a kid, I used to have sleepovers in my house, it is small, but it could fit anywhere from eight to twelve people. I know it could accommodate you and me very easily.”
“I do not think you are a serial killer, and even if you were, you did just kind of save my life.” I could tell he didn’t want to admit it, but he knew it was true.
“Then let’s look at it like this. I did you a favor, now do me one. You aren't going to get rid of me that easily. Wherever you go, I will follow… Okay, now I do sound like a stalker… But who knows if that creep will show up again.”
It was weird… For a minute, it was like he cared. “Fine. I’ll follow you.” He seemed content and went and got in his truck. When we left, a couple policemen still remained, collecting anything else the forensics team may have looked over. That's when I started thinking about my living arrangements.
Even when I was able to return, would I even want to live here anymore? All it would do was bring back bad memories. But I was building my office there now…
What was I going to do?
Within a few minutes, we arrived back at Jay’s and he carried my things inside. “I know what you’re going to say, but I refuse. I will sleep on the couch, no arguments allowed.” I add, sitting down on my makeshift bed.
He shrugs. “I was going to bring that up, but who am I to argue with that? You don't want to sleep in my bed, then don’t.” He smiles and walks toward his room. I chuckle at his statement. You just never know what will come out of his mouth.
“Jay,” He turns back to me. “This isn’t a psychiatric question or anything, I just really want to know… Why did you do it?”
“Do what?”
“Save me. You didn't even know for sure that he would come back, you just had a bad feeling. So why did you act on it? And why me? Like you said, you don't know me.”
He sighs. “When you’ve been in the army as long as I have, you learn many things. One of which is that it’s better to be safe than sorry. And another is being able to read people. You didn't have to tell me about Matthew. When I saw the way you looked at him and how your heart raced when he was near you, I knew it wasn't love. It was hatred, fear. I also could tell after I talked to you, that you weren't a bad person and I should give you a shot. Why do you think I'm here?”
“You knew all that without me even saying a word?”
He nods. “The army teaches you many things, much more than just how to kill people. And besides, even before that, I may not have been raised by my biological mother, but the lady that adopted me was a very strong woman, much like yourself. And I was raised to treat women with respect, something Matthew was never taught.”
I debated on whether or not to ask another question, but I was so curious… “Why aren't you married? I mean, you seem like a noble guy. Any girl around here would die for someone like you.” Then I thought about what I said. “Never mind, totally unprofessional.”
He rolls his eyes. “Peyton, you’re going to have to learn that this ‘Doctor-patient’ stuff only counts if we’re in a meeting. Right now, this is a friend helping a friend. As I do recall, even though I’ll admit it’s been awhile since I had a friend, I believe friends are supposed to be able to ask friends anything.” He turns back to his room and adds, “And to answer your question, I was married. She died.”
Holly?
#~#~#~#~#~#

Could that have been his wife? I mean, I thought you weren’t allowed to be in the same unit with family. Who was I kidding? That couldn’t have been his wife… It had to have been someone else that he just hadn’t told me about yet.
Maybe I’ll find out a little more when we have our session today.
Even though I had a lot going on, I still wasn’t giving up on my job. Jay was still my patient, part-time, and it was my job to make sure he recovers. I was the only friend he had at the moment, so I felt like I was his only hope…
The couch slept better than I thought and I actually did sleep pretty well. Jay slept longer than I did and I made sure not to bother him. When my phone rang, I went outside to answer so I didn’t disturb him. “Hello?” I answer.
A deep, male voice responds. “Doctor Peyton Grey, is it? This is John Walsh, I was one of the detectives on the scene last night. I was just calling to inform you that our forensics team has confirmed that Matthew’s prints are all over their evidence and they are confident we can arrest him for attempted murder. We have just received the warrant and should have Matthew in custody within the hour. We will let you know as soon as we have him, just please do not go back to your house until we inform you otherwise.”
“That’s good news, Mr. Walsh. I look forward to hearing from you soon.” I hit the end button and slide the phone back into my pocket. When I turn back to go into the house, I almost run into Jay. “And yet you state that you’re not a creeper?”
He chuckles. “Sorry, I heard the door shut. Just wanted to make sure you didn’t try to go back to your house for something.” Does he really think I’m that stupid?
“No, I was specifically told not to.”
He nods. “I heard him… So, while they do their job, why don’t we go have our session?” I was a bit surprised that he brought it up first, but I decided I really needed to get over it. Jay shocked me on a daily basis, and there was so much more to learn about him, I was actually quite intrigued.
“Sure, whenever you’re ready.” I start to walk past him, but he stops me.
“Actually, I was hoping we could go somewhere else besides here… There’s something I want to show you.” I was uncertain at first, but then decided it couldn’t hurt.
“Alright, then.” We each took turns using the bathroom and to make sure I didn’t take too long, I let my hair dry the way it wanted and left it. I was so over dressing professionally, it wasn’t even funny. Like Jay said, we were friends, so in my mind, I could dress casually.
We did eat a little breakfast before we left, which basically included a bagel, but it was fine by me. I was so curious as to where we were going, I just wanted to hurry up and leave. And before long, we did. 
Of course, he drove and it reminded me to ask him later why he always did. I had a perfectly good vehicle too, you know…
When we pulled up to the army base, I was quite confused. Did he want to have our session here? “I know it’s weird, but just trust me.” He opened my door for me and then I followed him done a long, stone pathway.
There was a sign up on the hill that read, The Fallen.
That’s when I realized we weren’t going to an office, we were going to a cemetery… I continued to follow him until he stopped at a bench and sat down. He motioned for me to join him. As I did, I asked, “Why here?”
He looked at the tombstone in front of him. “Look for yourself.”
When I looked away from him and read the stone, I understood. Lieutenant Holly Rush. This was her burial site. “Was she-”
He already knew what I was going to say. “I met Holly when I was twenty-two years old. Two years later, when we got a six-month leave, we began dating. We had both finished our first term and we knew that being together could get us in a lot of trouble, but we didn’t care. We kept our relationship a secret for another four years. When I was twenty-six, we got another leave and we decided to go to Vegas for the weekend. We were married there and if she would have lived three more weeks, we would have celebrated our fifth anniversary.”
Oh my God.
How could something like this happen to such a good guy? His mother dies in childbirth, his father wants nothing to do with him, his adoptive parents die in a house fire, he loses the only home he’d ever known, and he loses his wife. I thought I had bad luck, but Jay…
Jay’s just had a bad life.
He turns to me and meets my gaze. “Peyton, I didn’t tell you that for you to feel sorry for me. I’ve had a rough life but there’s always someone else who has it much worse. Holly may have died, but she never left me. She brought me to you, didn’t she?”
What? She’s dead… How could she? “I don’t follow…”
“When I first met you, I was still angry. I was never the type of guy to be sad, to cry. So, I channeled my sadness into anger. I met you exactly one week ago today and we both know that I was very different then, then I am now. When I left your office, I could have sworn you would call the cops on me and have me thrown back into military prison but you didn’t. The next day when I showed up at your car, I figured you’d be afraid. You weren’t. I wanted to run, leave Kentucky and never look back, but I couldn’t. Something kept telling me to stay and talk to you and even now, I truly believe it was because of her.”
It certainly wasn’t uncommon for patients to believe the dead was still with them, but Jay’s belief went beyond that. “Do you see her?” I question him but he seemed to get annoyed.
He shakes his head. “No, no, don’t start that with me, Peyton. I don’t want the psychiatrist right now. Stay Peyton the friend, please…”
“I am, it was just a question…”
“I do not have a mental disorder and yes, I know she’s gone, but it’s like I can still hear her. Last week, when Matthew came out to your car, I could have been long gone, but something told me to wait. And look what happened? And then last night, yes, I had a bad feeling, but I didn’t have to act on it and I almost didn’t… But I kept hearing someone nag me, telling me not to leave you by yourself. I thought I was crazy but it kept going. Saying that if I did, I may not have a friend or a psychiatrist the next day…”
For the first time in my career, I didn’t know what to say. I knew Jay wasn’t mentally ill, but could it really be Holly? Why would she want him to save me?
Turns out, I didn’t have to think of a response. My phone interrupted our conversation. “It’s the police,” I add, hitting the green talk button with my thumb. “Hello?” I answer.
“Ms. Grey, John Walsh here. Just calling to inform you that Matthew has been arrested and is being booked as we speak.”
I sigh in relief. “Thank God! So, am I safe to go back home?”
He pauses. “Well, the district attorney would like to keep it as evidence until the trial is over. But you can go and get the rest of your clothes and what not as long as you don’t touch anything else and also, wear gloves, please.”
“Okay, thanks.” I hang up and look to Jay.
He smiles. “Well, looks like we’re roomies.”
I roll my eyes. “I’m finding a place to rent as soon as we get back.”
“Absolutely not. That’s silly, not to mention dangerous.”
I scowl. “Did you not hear him? Matthew’s in jail. No one’s out to get me anymore.” He didn’t seem so sure…
“Peyton, Matthew’s a wealthy man, if he wants to get to you, he still can. Maybe not himself, but he could hire someone.”
I gasp. “Jay Parker, would you please stop thinking the worst! You’re going to give me a heart attack from all this…”
“Just stay with me and I’ll leave you alone. Besides, you know I’m right.”
Maybe, but I wasn’t going to admit it. “I think our session’s over for the day.” I rise and start down the pathway with Jay right behind me.
“Peyton… You can’t repeat anything I’ve said today to anyone, okay? It could still get me in a whole lot of trouble. Even more than before.”
“You know I won’t. Patient confidentiality, remember?”
He shakes his head. “No, I don’t want none of that Doctor crap. I want a genuine promise. Friend to friend.” He insists.
“Fine, fine, I promise. I won’t breathe a word. I’ll even pinky promise if that’ll make you happy.” I joke, trying to lighten the mood.
He laughs. “No, that’s fine. I believe you.” 

Chapter Ten
Instead of going straight home, we stopped by my house. Thankfully, the investigators left a box of disposable gloves on the coffee table, so I didn’t have to go search for some. Once we were both safe not to leave fingerprints anywhere, we began packing the things I needed.
I took care of packing my entire closet while Jay bagged all my groceries up. I figured we’d at least use them instead of leaving them here to ruin. Once my closet was done, I went into the bathroom and packed everything else I had left. After that, we were all done.
“Ready to go?” Jay asks, as I gather all my suitcases and head toward the door.
“Yeah.”
Once we get back to Jay’s, he helps me carry all my things in and set them against the back wall of the living room. “I kind of feel bad for cluttering up your house…”
He chuckles. “You didn’t clutter anything. It’s fine.” Jay was always understanding but I couldn’t help but feel bad. Having several people here may be fine for a day or so, but it wasn’t built to be livable for long periods of time.
I couldn’t stay here forever.
“Have you put any thought into your office?” He asks, walking into the kitchen.
I nod. “A little. I’m just not sure if I want it there anymore. Actually, I don’t even know if I even want to live there after all of this. Since they want to keep the house as evidence, I can’t move back in any way, and there’s no telling how long his trial will last… I’m thinking about looking into buying another house.”
He pours a cup of coffee. “Well, actually I kind of had an idea and you may be completely against it, but I do wish you would think about it. I have about thirty acres here. It’s all vacant and I could give you a couple acres to have your own place. You could get your own contractor and everything.”
My mouth nearly drops to the floor. He wants me to build a house on his family’s farm? “What? You want me to move here?” I ask, just to make sure I wasn’t dreaming.
He nods. “Well, yeah. That way we could still be friends and you’d be here, so Matthew wouldn’t be a problem. And you could build your dream house.”
“That’s quite a big offer, Jay, even for friends…”
“I know, but it’s just a suggestion… Remember when I asked you what you wanted? Why don’t you really think about it? I don’t want you to just go out and buy some other house that you settle for. Why not built something you want?”
I was so overwhelmed, I couldn’t even think straight. “I’ll think about it. Thank you for the kind offer.” I honestly wasn’t sure what to think about Jay anymore. He’d changed so much from the time I first met him, I barely even recognized him. Could I be helping him without even realizing it?
The rest of the day went by pretty quickly. I searched online for houses for sale, but Jay was right, I couldn’t find anything I was interested in. Would it be wrong of me to take him up on his offer?
Later that evening, I got a call from the police once again. They informed me that Matthew had been charged with attempted murder, possession of a firearm, criminal trespassing, harassment, and vandalism. The attempted murder charge alone could get him put away for up to thirty years and that wasn’t even counting everything else.
They were pretty certain Matthew could get life in prison but they did inform me that Jay and I were to appear in court at a later date to make a statement. It did give me some peace of mind but what Jay had said still crossed my mind.
Matthew had a lot of money. He could hire someone else to take care of me and that scared the crap out of me. Maybe living close to Jay wasn’t a bad idea.
That night, Jay and I went to bed around midnight. He kept asking me about our sleeping arrangements and I assured him the couch was fine with me.
As I lay in the dark, I had time to think. I continued to argue with myself on whether or not building a house was an option. Of course, I had the money, but I just wasn’t sure if it was a good idea being so close to Jay from a professional standpoint. This could interfere with my job…
Finally, my mind calmed and I soon fell asleep.

“You’d better run, Peyton! He’s not here to save you this time!” I run as fast I can through the woods. He was catching up and my lungs were on fire. I knew if I stopped he’d kill me, so I kept going.
Jay had to be close by, he wouldn’t leave me alone. When I came to the large concrete platform, I knew I wasn’t far. Our house was just past these trees…
I ran as hard as I could down the path and to my surprise, the house was gone. Nothing was there. Where’d it go? Where was Jay? He was the only one that could save me from him!
Suddenly, arms engulfed me. “I’ve got you now! He can’t save you!” I screamed as loud as I could and fought to get out of his grasp.
“You’ll never get away with this, Matthew!” I hissed. “He’ll kill you!”
He laughs. “Yeah! I’d like to see him try! He’s gone, Peyton! He left weeks ago for Afghanistan!” Was Jay gone? What?
“No! He’s not gone! He’s here!” He threw me over his shoulder as I kicked and screamed. But it was no use, I couldn’t break his hold. “Jay!”

“Peyton! Wake up!” Someone was shaking me. I sat up alarmed and almost hit Jay in the face. “Gez! Calm down!” I noticed that my pulse was racing and I was sweating profusely. That was only a dream? It was just a dream… It was just a dream, I kept repeating.
“Sorry for waking you…” I glance at the clock on the microwave.
2:03AM.
“Yeah, I don’t think so.” He sits down on the side of the couch. “You ain’t getting rid of me that easily. Not after, ‘He’s here! He’s here! He’ll kill you! Jay!’ Nope, not happening.”
My heart dropped in my chest. “I said all that out loud?”
He nods. “Yeah, I thought I was getting a chance to whip the guy’s ass, but nope, just you screaming at the top of your lungs, for no apparent reason.”
I bite my lip. “Sorry… You can go back to bed now.” I flip over on my side and try to go back to sleep. Well, that was embarrassing.
“Peyton, you cannot help that you had a bad dream, but do you mind trying to not make them so realistic? I really got excited.”
I chuckle. “I will do my best… You know, it should bother me that you like killing people so much. It’s really not a good quality to have.”
He sighs and stands. “I don’t like killing people. I’d just really love to kill him. He deserves everything he gets, that’s for sure…” He pauses. “Night, Peyton.”
It took longer for me to go to sleep this time, but I finally did…

It was dark and suddenly, I felt claustrophobic. I was lying flat on something hard and I could feel my breath on my face. I moved my arms and realized I was enclosed…
Wait I was in a coffin… I was buried alive! I noticed a ring on my finger… The engagement ring! He was serious! That was my parting gift!
“No! No! No!” I scream, pounding on the top of the casket. “Let me out! Please! Somebody!” My voice echoed around me, but no one came. “Somebody.” I cry.

“Peyton! So help me God, I wouldn’t think twice about killing that man! Wake up!” I raised up once more, noticing it was yet another nightmare. And this time, the clock read, 4:38AM.
“Seriously.” I groan.
Jay sighs. “Alright, get up.”
“What?” I ask.
“Get up and go get in the bed.” He stands and crosses his arms.
I cock an eyebrow. “And what’s sleeping in there going to do me any good?”
“Nothing. But at least I don’t have to get up. All I got to do is elbow you. Now, get moving. I get quite cranky without sleep, just so you know.” Oh… He’s going to sleep in there with me… Not awkward at all…
“No, I’m fine… I’ll keep my mouth shut, promise.” I smile.
“Peyton, either you get your butt up and go voluntarily, or we can do this the hard way. I will drag you in there if I have to.” Oh, crap. He was serious…
“Fine,” I mutter and get up. I follow him into the bedroom and lay down. He gets in beside of me as I scoot as close to the edge of the bed as I can, trying my hardest to keep as much space between us as possible.
Man, this could get me in so much trouble…

Chapter Eleven
“Holly…” My eyes flew open as I quickly remembered where I was.
I was in the bedroom.
With Jay.
Then I remembered what led up to this. My nightmares. I hadn’t had anything like those in a very long time. Wonder why they just started all of a sudden?
The alarm clock was on my side of the bed and when I noticed it, I saw that it was almost ten. I had slept much later than I normally did and decided it was time to get up. I started to raise up but soon realized, I couldn’t. “Holly, you know it’s too early… Lay back down.” Jay’s arm pulled me closer to him.
My breath hitched at her name. Holly. He thought I was his dead wife. This guy really did have some problems and I was beginning to wonder how I was going to help him… I couldn’t relate to him. I hadn’t lost my parents, even though our relationship wasn’t the best, and I hadn’t ever been married before… Honestly, I didn’t know how to help him. All I had been doing was acting like a friend and he needed grief counseling, something I didn’t specialize in.
But I did know a colleague that was really good in the area. Maybe I could talk him into seeing her. “Jay…” I whisper, but he only groans. “Jay?” I speak a little louder this time and he eventually stirs. “Holly, what is-” He opens his eyes and just stares at me.
I clear my throat. “Would you mind letting me up, please?”
He removes his arm from my waist as I get out of the bed. “Peyton, I’m sorry… It’s just… No one’s slept in here with me since Holly died…”
“It’s fine.” I leave the room and search for clothes in my suitcase. Once I find what I need, I go into the bathroom and take a shower. I didn’t take long since I decided that I had plans for the morning. I was going to go out and look for houses for rent. I couldn’t stay here, it was a big mistake.
When I came out, I saw Jay standing in the kitchen, leaning on the counter. He had his back turned to me, so I figured that was a good signal not to say anything. I slipped on my shoes and grabbed my keys off the coffee table.
“Where are you going?” He asks, noticing the clinking sound of my keys.
“Uh, I’m going to take a look at some houses in the area and see what’s out there. Maybe there is something I like.” I give him a hopeful smile and head toward the door.
“I really am sorry, Peyton. And I promise, if you choose to stay here, it won’t happen again. I know it made you feel uncomfortable…”
I sigh. “It’s not that, it’s just… It could get me in a lot of trouble. I could have my license revoked and then all those years of school would be a waste. I just can’t put that in jeopardy. Even living here, it just isn’t a good idea…”
“I understand.” He mutters.
I felt so bad. Why must he always make me feel guilty? “If you’d like, you can come with me? I was going to stop in town and see an old friend of mine… I was hoping you could meet them?”
He seems unsure. “Meet who?”
“Doctor Brooks. I realized this morning that you don’t need a psychiatrist, you need a grief counselor and that’s an area that I’m not really specialized in.”
I shouldn’t have brought it up. “What? You’re trying to push me off on someone else all because I called you Holly?” He seemed to get quite angry.
“No, Jay, it just made me think about what you needed and you need a grief counselor. She can help you, she’s the best around.” I assure him.
He shakes his head in disgust. “There is nothing I need from her! You promised me you would help me, you said you could! I know you can! And if living here is wrong, then leave! I’m not going to stop you! Just do us both a favor and try not to get yourself killed.” He stormed past me and out the door.
Why must I always open my big mouth? Jay clearly didn’t want anyone else, but I still wasn’t so sure I could help him. I knew I should have probably left him alone but I didn’t want to just leave him angry. That was certainly one thing I had learned, leaving angry never solved anything. 
So, I went after him. It didn’t take a genius to find him either. He was walking down the hill behind the house. “Jay, wait!” I catch up but he stops me.
“Just go, Peyton, it doesn’t matter. If you could possibly go back to the judge and tell him we’re done, I’d be grateful. I’d much rather be working anyway and you’re the only one that can clear me.”
“Absolutely not. You aren’t ready to go back and I didn’t mean it the way you think. You would still come to me, but you would also go to her every once and awhile. I would still be your psychiatrist.”
He sighs. “I told you, I don’t want a grief counselor. I don’t need one. I don’t even need a psychiatrist, I just need a friend. I thought that’s what you were.”
“I am your friend, Jay. But living here wouldn’t do either of us any good. I told you, it could get me in a lot of trouble. It’s against the rules. I don’t even know why I agreed in the first place. I shouldn’t have, but lately, I’ve been doing a lot of things I shouldn’t do…”
“Like?”
“I brought you to my house twice without knowing you a week. I hired you to build me an office. I moved in with you. I slept in your bed! And all this within a week! Do you know how wrong that was of me? You don’t know me, Jay. You know the person I’ve become. I didn’t use to do things this crazy and I certainly wouldn’t jeopardize my job! See what I mean?”
“Oh, so you blame me?”
“No! Ah, heck, I don’t even know what I mean…” I take a deep breath. “I don’t know what’s wrong with me. But ever since I met you, I act differently. That doesn’t mean I won’t help you, I just need to get things back to normal.”
He goes quiet a moment. “It looks to me like we both changed each other’s lives. Which is exactly the reason that you should talk to the judge.”
Why does he keep bringing that up? “Jay, I still want to help you.”
He nods. “I know, which is why you tell him that you don’t want me as a patient. We don’t have to have ‘sessions’ anymore. You said it yourself, you want things to go back to normal, so stay with me. We can build the house and everything, but not as a payment. I want you to help me, Peyton. I like you, you remind me a lot of Holly. You listen to me and half the time, I don’t even have to say anything. I think we’re good for each other but I also don’t want to cause you to lose your job.”
The more I thought about it, the more it made sense. “Let me get this straight. I’m supposed to tell the judge you’re okay, even though, you’re not?”
“No, you’re going to tell him that I don’t need a psychiatrist, I need a friend. He’ll go for it and then you can’t get in trouble. You can still stay with me and we can still talk about my past, but not like I’m your patient.”
I had to admit, I really didn’t want to leave Jay. I was kind of attached to him, in a really weird way. But I guess it was because he kind of saved my life… And, he really wasn’t a bad friend. He was one of the best guys I had ever met. He saved me without really even knowing me. He was a true American hero in my eyes.
“So then we’re just friends?”
He nods. “That’s all. No Doctor-patient crap.”
I sigh. “Okay, I’ll see what I can do.”
I had never seen him so happy. I wondered why he really wanted me as his friend. Was I a good person? Did I really help him more than I thought? I guess, we’ll have to see.

Chapter Twelve
Jay’s Point of View

The judge had to agree with her, this had to work. I couldn’t let Peyton go, she was all I had left. Sure I had only known her a week, but there was just something about her. Something I couldn’t explain…
It’s like I felt needed again.
“Judge Helton wants to see me now, so we need to go.” She adds, cracking the front door open. Now? That was quick.
“Okay,” I grab my keys and meet her by her car. “I’m driving.”
She shakes her head. “No, I am.” I didn’t bother to argue, if she wanted to drive, let her. It just saved me the trouble anyway… We drove in silence all the way to the base, but it wasn’t awkward. I think we were both just really deep in thought.
When I noticed we had stopped, I got out and followed Peyton up to the office building. “Am I supposed to go in this time?” I ask curiously.
She shrugs. “I have no idea.” Once we were inside, Peyton signed in with the receptionist and we waited until our name was called. “So, where do you think I should build my office now?” She asks, glancing at me.
“Well, there’s a flat lot about three hundred yards from the house. It’s about five acres and I was thinking you could build your house just behind the trees and your office on the other side. It’s about the distance between the house and the concrete platform.”
She smiles. “Doesn’t seem too bad.”
“Peyton Grey.” The receptionist calls from her office.
“Wait here, if he wants to see you, he’ll ask.” I nod as she disappears down the corridor. Man, I really hoped he’d allow her to drop me as a patient… I didn’t need a Doctor, I just needed her. And the more I kept telling myself that, the more frightened I became.
Everything in my life revolved around death. Every person I cared for died. What if that bad luck caught up to her too? I couldn’t take losing anyone else, especially her. She had no idea… Which is why I wanted her to stay with me. Matthew may have been in jail for the time being but I still had a bad feeling and the last time I had one of those, I was right.
I couldn’t let her out of my sight…

It seemed like forever before she finally came back out. I thought she was coming to get me, but she motioned for me to follow her outside and I knew it had to be good news because she was smiling ear to ear.
“So? Should I call you Doctor Grey or Peyton?” I ask as she unlocks her car.
She smirks. “Peyton.”
“He went for it?” We get in as she puts the key in the ignition.
“Yep, I might have mentioned a few of your noble rescues and that seemed to win him over. All we have to do is come back and see him in six weeks. He wants to talk to you one-on-one and see how you’ve improved.”
“Well, aren’t you just a good persuader.”
“Part of my job, I suppose.”
I felt so much better after that. We didn’t have to worry about her getting in trouble and she didn’t have to worry about getting her license revoked either. We could just be friends. Roommates. And no one could do anything about it.
By the time we got home, it was late. I hadn’t even realized we had been gone that long, but I guess Peyton had talked to the judge quite some time after all and I just didn’t notice… I left her in the living room as I changed into something a little more comfortable to sleep in. Normally, I slept in boxers, but since that would probably make her uncomfortable, I wore a pair of athletic shorts and a t-shirt.
I didn’t go back out into the living room since I figured she was changing, so I waited a while before I went to sleep. I kind of thought she would sleep with me, as a matter of fact, I was kind of hoping she would, at least I wouldn’t have to get up during the night. But when she never came, I knew she was sleeping on the couch.
I stayed up a little while longer just to make sure she didn’t have any nightmares right off, but she didn’t… All was quiet. So, I drifted off to sleep…

I shifted and turned over on my side. I was so groggy, I almost fell off the bed. That’s when I noticed someone’s heavy breathing. My eyes quickly opened as I looked around the room. No one was here… Then I realized it was coming from the living room. Peyton?
Without thinking twice, I got up and opened the door. She was laying on the couch, a blanket tangled around her. She wasn’t saying anything, but I swear, it sounded like she was struggling to get air. I walked over to her.
“Peyton?” She didn’t respond. “Peyton? Wake up!” I shook her lightly and before long, she sat up, frightened. “Again?” I ask. She didn’t respond at first, just looked around the room frantically. “What is it?”
She shakes her head. “Nothing… Bad dream. Sorry I woke you again… You should really try to drown me out.” She jokes but I didn’t find it funny.
“Seriously, Peyton, you need something for this. It just keeps getting worse. Yesterday you’re screaming bloody murder, today you’re gasping for air.”
“I’m fine. Go back to sleep.”
I groan. “No. I will not now come on.” I grasp her hand and pull her to her feet. She definitely wasn’t expecting it, but I didn’t care. Yes, I promised her that last night wouldn’t happen again, but I’d much rather break a promise than wake up and find that Peyton had died in her sleep.
“I’m not going-”
She was going to argue, but I wasn’t in the mood. I pulled her into the bedroom and let her go. “Sleep in here. I’ll sleep on the floor.”
“You are being completely ridiculous.”
“Maybe, but at least you’ll be alive tomorrow. Now, go.” She rolls her eyes and gets in the bed. I pull an extra pillow and blanket from the closet and lay against the wall… Gez, the things I do for this woman…
It was quiet a while longer before I heard her whisper. “Get up here. It’s rude to make you sleep on the floor.”
“I’m fine. Just go to sleep.”
“Jay… Please.” I was going to argue, but I didn’t. She didn’t say it in her normal, annoyed Peyton voice. It was more like a scared whisper. And that’s when I knew that this whole ‘I’m a strong woman and I take care of myself’ thing was just an act. She was really scared of something and I wanted so badly to ask her what her dream was about, but I knew that now wasn’t the time. I knew it had something to do with Matthew and I wondered if there was something else about their relationship that she hadn’t told me…
I swear, if that guy wasn’t arrested, I would have taken care of him already. He should have been killed for what he had done. Peyton didn’t deserve any of this, she was a good person and she deserved to have the fairytale ending every little girl dreams of.
Without another word, I got up and laid next to her… “You have a bad feeling, don’t you?” She mutters. And that was certainly not something I was expecting to come out of her mouth.
“What?”
“You have a bad feeling, but you won’t tell me… That’s why you jump up every time you hear me in there. You think he’ll send someone, don’t you?”
“I just wanted to make sure you were alright, Peyton.”
She shakes her head. “Jay, I know he’ll come for me. It’s inevitable. And I think the farther away you are from me, the better off you are.”
“Stop talking so crazy, you don’t even know what you’re saying… Now, go to sleep.” I had never heard her say anything like this before and I knew her nerves had gotten to her. She was paranoid.
“I’m serious, Jay. You should move on with your life, staying with me will only complicate things for you. You don’t want to get on his bad side…”
I chuckle. “Peyton, I don’t think it matters. I’m already on his bad side but he’s also on mine. And trust me, it's way worse to be on mine.”
She didn’t say anything for a long time. “You can’t protect me forever… You’ll eventually leave and go back to work. Matthew will know every move you make, I assure you. And as soon as you’re gone, my life will be over.”
What upset me the most was the fact that she really believed it… I turned over to face her and pulled her close, wrapping my arms around her tightly. “Peyton, I promise you, I will not leave you. And Matthew will not touch you ever again.”
A muffled cry escapes her lips. “You can’t always be there… He always gets what he wants…” I didn’t say anything else. Honestly, I didn’t know how to prove to her that I was serious. Matthew would literally have to kill me before he got to her. And that was definitely not going to happen…
 
Chapter Thirteen
Dark silence.
Again, laying on my back, I tried moving around. My hands automatically reached out above me and I realized I was here again… The coffin. This was the third time I had, had this dream and I was really getting tired of it.
But unlike last time, I knew it was a dream. I just tried to keep my breathing calm until I woke up… “Dreaming again, huh? You know I’m coming for you, Peyton. I’ll always be one step ahead of you. And do you know why? Because they’re always watching you… Just waiting…” That voice… His demonic voice.
I ignore it and pray that I’ll wake up soon.
“You can’t get rid of me, dear… And Jay certainly can’t stop me…”
“Shut up! Just shut up!” I cry out and pray harder to wake up. Come on, Peyton… Open your eyes… Wake up!

My eyes fluttered open as I looked around the room. It was still dark out so it had to be early morning. I suddenly remembered what all I said last night. Jay knew I was scared now and there was no way he’d ever let me out of his sight again.
But was that a bad thing? No, it actually extended my life expectancy…
“Holly…” He mutters into my hair, pulling me closer to him.
I thought about moving, but I didn’t. It was the middle of the night, so what? He called me Holly. And besides, what kind of friend would I be to get worked up over that? He’d saved my life on more than one occasion, I could ignore being called the wrong name.
“What are you doing?” He mumbles trying to flip me over to face him. I really didn’t want to wake him, so I turned over voluntarily and faced him. His arms snaked around me and pulled me closer. So close, that I could feel his breath on my forehead. “You’re so tense…” I try to relax a bit and eventually let my head rest on his chest, just below his neck.
I was hoping he’d just go back to sleep, but he didn’t. He woke startled and seemed confused. I pretended I was still asleep and when he started to move, I groaned a bit and rolled over, letting him up.
I heard the bed squeak and I knew he had gotten up. Then I heard the front door open and shortly after, silence. Where’d he go? I really didn’t like being alone, so I got up to see where he went. The front door was closed, just barely cracked. And when I looked out, I saw him sitting on the porch, head in his hands.
“I’m sorry, Holly. I’m just not used to this. Not since you left.” He mumbles into his hands… Used to what? “She’s like you. She’s tough, loving, and has a lot of spunk. You were right about her, she’s different. And she’s helped me in ways I can’t explain. But I’m not ready for you to leave… What if she doesn’t feel the same way?”
I was so terribly confused and when it finally clicked, I didn’t know what to do. He had to be talking about me, but these feelings? Was he talking about what I think he was talking about? No… He can’t be… Not with me.
I’m a sad, boring person.
But then, it kind of made sense… He was so protective of me. He had to kind of, well you know, like me a little, right? “I believe you, I just wish you didn’t have to go. Couldn’t you wait until I ask her?”
It was silent again and before long, he started to stand. I knew he was about to come back inside, so I ran off to the bedroom and laid back down exactly how I was when he left. I shut my eyes and pretended to be fast asleep.
The door shut and then the bed squeaked. I felt cold air under the blanket as he climbed in. He was trying to be gentle, but the bed was going to be noisy either way… He carefully pulled the cover over himself and laid down.
What he did next not only surprised me but it also kind of gave me butterflies. He moved closer to me and put an arm around me, pulling me to his chest. I was really trying to go limp, but it was hard. Somehow I managed to pull it off and he seemed to doze off to sleep. But not before kissing me ever so gently through my hair.
I had never felt anything like this before and to be honest, it scared me. I had never noticed these feelings before. But I guess I didn’t allow myself to feel them, Jay was my patient. I couldn’t be involved with a patient.
But now that he wasn’t, I guess I realized why I felt so comfortable with him… I think I felt something for him too, but I really wasn’t sure. Matthew was the only guy I had ever been with and I really thought I was in love with him, but now, it made sense.
I was never in love with Matthew. I was just afraid of being alone the rest of my life and he was the only guy that ever showed any interest in me. Jay was different. He cared about me before he even really knew me… He broke Matthew’s nose when he tried to hit on me. He offered to help me build an office for myself. He saved me from getting murdered in my own home, all because he had a ‘bad feeling’. And he let me stay with him when I had nowhere else to go.
Was this guy an angel sent from Heaven?
I, honestly, was beginning to wonder why I hadn’t noticed this.
He was everything I’d ever wanted.
Noble. Funny. Protective. Handsome. He was all those things and more. How could I have been so blind? But how could I have known? I never expected the person I’d fall in love with would be my own patient.
Was I really in love with him, though?
This could be my mind fooling me. I had taken many psychology classes, after all, it was kind of my major, and I knew when something traumatic happens to you, you tend to be drawn to the person that helped you the most.
Was that what was going on?
I decided that I just needed sleep and trust me, it wasn’t that hard to fall asleep this time. I felt safe in Jay’s arms and it really made me wonder if he could be the one…
“Peyton.”
Wait. Did he just say my name?
“Peyton.”
I pretended to wake up. “What?”
I knew what he wanted then. He wanted to see if I would move. So, I played along. I raised my head and looked around. “Oh… Sorry.” Regretfully, I moved away from him, but he pulled me back. I just looked back at him.
“No, you're fine… I just wanted to ask you something that’s kind of been bugging me…” Oh, crap. Is he going to ask me now? I thought he was at least going to give me time to think of an answer! “This is probably a really silly question and I know I’m way out of line here. Feel free to slap me, I’m prepared… But, do you happen to feel anything for me? Like besides friends…” I could feel him tense up, probably thinking I was about to hit him.
I pause and rest my head on his chest once more. I can feel his heartbeat quicken. “I don’t know, Jay… I need to sleep on it.” It goes quiet again and soon, I look up to see if he’s asleep. He wasn’t. He was wide-eyed and smiling. “What?” I ask.
“Honestly, I was expecting a slap, but I’ll gladly take I don’t know.”
I chuckle. “Good, because that’s all your getting.”
“Peyton.” God, I loved it when he said my name… Wait, what am I saying? Man, what’s wrong with my hormones? “How would we know anyway? I haven’t been with anyone since Holly and well you-, uh, you’re in your situation…”
I shrug. “We’ll see tomorrow. But right now, if I don’t sleep, I’m going to pass out. So, good night.” I totally lied, I just wanted an excuse for him to stop talking. I just wanted to lay there and enjoy the moment…
Because for the first time, in a very long time, I felt content. 

Chapter Fourteen
I shivered at the sudden cold breeze.
When I started to roll over, I noticed Jay was gone. Again. I groaned and eventually stood up. I peeked out the door into the living room and kitchen but no one was there. Wonder where he went? I went over to the front window and saw him sitting on the edge of the porch, just like he had last night. But this time, he wasn’t talking to anyone. He was sitting by himself, in deep thought…
Wait. Last night…
My eyes grew wide… We basically admitted we had other feelings for each other. Crap, how was I going to cover this up? It’s like every time I got anywhere near him, I said and did things I wouldn’t normally do. But I knew, deep down, I didn’t lie. I kind of did have feelings for Jay. But I just wasn’t sure how serious it was. I mean, the guy had just lost his wife. Could I be his rebound? No… No, that couldn’t happen.
I tried to calm my nerves but I was on the verge of having a panic attack. After Matthew, I was afraid of relationships. I didn’t want to get involved with anyone because I was afraid it would happen again…
They’d cheat, lie…
I couldn’t handle that all over again.
I just couldn’t.
After digging through my things, I went into the bathroom and got ready for the day. I changed into some jeans and an old t-shirt and then fixed my hair and makeup.
When I was finished, I came back out into the living room to find that Jay still hadn’t come inside. I didn’t want to bother him, so I found my tablet in one my suitcases and sat down on the couch to search for some local contractors.
I came up on several different names and looked at each of them, one by one. It wasn’t until I had clicked on the last name that Jay came back inside. He seemed startled to see me. “Good morning,” I smile and look back down at the tablet.
“Hey…”
I wanted to try to put off the conversation as long as I could, even though I knew it was inevitable. “So, I’m looking for contractors and I found a few. Do you happen to know anything about them?”
He came over and sat beside me as he looked through the list of names. “Actually, Kyle Wilder. I used to go to school with him. We were pretty good friends, maybe I could call him for you.” After looking through some of his work, I agreed to let Jay contact him later in the day.
“You know, before I call him over here, you should probably figure out where you’re going to build this place,” Jay adds as I lay the tablet on the coffee table.
“I thought you said it was some flat lot a couple hundred yards from here?”
He nods. “Well, it’s an option. I just figured you’d want to look at it first.” Okay, he’s probably right, but I’m sure it was fine.
“Alright, then let’s go look at it.” I got up and slipped on some shoes before heading outside. Jay followed me as I stopped at the pathway. 
“It’s down through here.” He walks ahead of me and comes to a thick line of trees. “Watch your step.” He points to some tree roots sticking out of the ground. I step over them and follow him through the wooded area.
“Looks like I’m going to need a path through here…” I mumble, trying to watch my step. Seriously, if you were in a hurry, you’d fall on your face and break something.
“Afraid of the dark?” He chuckles.
“No, but think about it. I’d break my neck coming through here.”
“That’s what flashlights are for.” He jokes.
I heard a rustling sound from the trees behind me and quickly turned on my heel. Not realizing I was on a vine, it tangled up with my ankle and made me fall straight on my butt. “Good grief, Peyton. I can’t take you anywhere.” He helps me up as I shush him.
“Listen.”
He looked at me like I was crazy, but stayed quiet a minute. “I don’t hear anything.” I felt like someone was watching us, but that’s when I knew that I was probably crazy. “You’re just paranoid, come on.” He takes my hand and gives me a little push ahead of him.
Finally, the trees part and make a clearing. It was a flat lot, just like Jay had said. It was divided up into two sections. One part for the house, the other for the office. When we get away from the woods, I speak up. “I like it. I think it would be perfect.”
I heard a branch crack from behind me and immediately jumped, grabbing Jay’s arm in the process. “Peyton. Seriously, calm down. It’s just a rabbit.” That’s when I saw a white fluffy bunny emerge from the trees.
“Oh.”
He sighs. “Come on, let’s go back.” As soon as he finished that sentence, there was a cracking sound, like if someone had stepped on a branch and it had to weigh a lot more than a rabbit. Jay heard it this time and he seemed alarmed.
“Let me guess, another bunny?”
He didn’t laugh. “Come on.” When I noticed he was serious this time, I became frightened and that’s when I knew, what we heard, wasn’t from an animal. 
Instead of going back the way we came, Jay drug me through a maze of trees. I could barely keep up with him and I was wondering where he was going. He wasted no time in getting back to the house and I soon figured out the way we came was a short cut.
Once we were back in the house, Jay locked the door and told me to go to the bedroom. I sat against the wall, away from the windows. When he came inside he had two guns. He handed me one of them, “Stay here and don’t move. Don’t open the door unless I knock seven times and say, tornado. Got it?”
I chuckle. “Okay, seriously, that’s ridiculous.”
“No, it isn’t. It’s random, that’s the point. Learned it in the army. Now, got it? Seven times? Tornado?” He was serious.
“Where are you going?”
“To see if I can find anyone. Now, stay here.” He started out the door. “If I’m not back in twenty minutes, call the cops.” I heard him shut and lock the front door as I sat there alone. I pulled my knees up to my chest and sat impatiently.
I should’ve gone with him but I knew he wouldn’t have let me. I did know one thing for certain if I heard a gunshot, I was out of here…
I waited and waited, but no one came. I kept a close eye on the clock and when almost twenty-five minutes had passed, I began to worry. I should have called the cops five minutes ago, but I couldn’t. He would come back… I knew he would.
Before long, I heard footsteps on the porch. Oh, please be Jay… Please.
Then I heard a knock as I began to count…
One. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six… Seven!
Keeping low to the ground, I went to the door and heard, “Tornado.” I smiled and unlocked it. When he came in, he quickly shut the door as I followed him back to the bedroom. The curtains were pulled, so it was almost completely dark.
When he slid down the wall and sat on the floor, I sat next to him. “Anything?” I ask curiously. He reached into his pocket and pulled out a piece of paper. Then, he unlocked his phone, using it as light so I could read it.

Leave her before it’s too late.
The girl is all I was hired for but if you get in the way, it’s your fault.

“There were some footprints that lead out to the main road. Someone must have picked him up. I was only a few minutes behind him.”
And once again, Jay’s bad feeling was correct. Whoever it was, they were after me and they were a little too close for comfort this time. “Maybe you should take his advice,” I mutter looking away from the crinkled piece of paper.
He shakes his head. “Nope, not a chance.” He takes a hold of my hand and makes me look at him. “We’re in this together, okay? We can handle this.”
I really wanted to believe him. “Oh, really? There’s just some creepy murderer out there looking for me and we can handle this, huh?”
“Peyton, I’ve dealt with much worse before. I can get rid of him, but I have to trust you not to do anything stupid.” I shivered at the sentence… Rid of him?
“Kill him, I’m guessing?”
He nods, slowly. “Sometimes, that’s the only way.”
I shake my head. “No, we could just get him arrested.”
“Peyton, you know that won’t stop him. Matthew will just send someone else. But if we can get him charged with another count of murder, he won’t ever get out and he’ll most likely be in a mental asylum. Meaning, no outside contact what so ever.”
I wasn’t so sure of this. I was tired of this whole thing, I was almost ready to surrender… Just get it over with already and leave Jay out of it. “Peyton, do you remember what we talked about this morning? Or did I dream it?”
I chuckle. “Yes, I remember.”
“Good, then you should already know why I’m doing this. I lost Holly before and I’m not about to lose you. I’ve been so angry with myself for letting all this death surround me, but I won’t let that happen to you… I have a chance at happiness again and you may have a chance to find love with someone who loves you for you, who knows? But if you think I’m going to let some psychopath get in the way of that, you’re crazy. You’re not asking for a death wish here, he is.”
I didn’t say anything. I just started off into space.
I was still shaken up from everything else that had happened today, I could barely even process anything anymore. My mind was racing and I could barely keep up with my own thoughts. I felt like I was going to have a complete meltdown if something didn’t give soon…
“Anything I say to you isn’t going to matter, is it? I’m going to have to prove myself.” I didn’t quite get it at first, at least not until he took his hand and cupped my face, bringing me closer to him. When I felt his breath brush against my face, I felt goose bumps. I knew where this was going and to my surprise, I didn’t try to stop him. I was just as curious as he was… Was anything here? I guess we’ll find out.
He paused, probably making sure I wasn’t going to fight him, but eventually brought his lips to mine. I felt so much desire in that moment, I completely forgot about Matthew… About everything. I was completely in the moment.
And so was he.
A moan escaped my lips as he moved to my neck. Leaving soft, gentle kisses all the way to the top of my shirt. I thought he would stop there, but he didn’t. He brought his lips back to mine and before I knew what was going on, he pushed me away from the wall, causing me to fall on my back. Without breaking the kiss, he hovered over me. My lungs were gasping for air, but I didn’t care. If I died this very second, it’d be worth it…
I had never known a kiss so full of love. I had never felt anything like it before and when he pulled away, I groaned. He chuckled. “Yeah, I think we should stop before…”
Dang it.
Once the air returned to my lungs, I sat up. “Good idea…” Was all that I managed to say. And actually, this time, it wasn’t because my thoughts were racing… It was because I only had one thing on my mind.
I think I’m in love with Jay Parker.
Chapter Fifteen
The rest of the day, Jay and I stayed inside. Jay went complete military mode on me after the kiss and I was beginning to wonder if he really did have a split personality. He was acting like a completely different person and honestly, I didn’t like it.
There was nothing loving about him and he was quite bossy. I guess I kind of understood where he was coming from, I mean, now wasn’t the time for whatever was going on between us. I just needed to focus on keeping myself alive.
That night I didn’t even bother to sleep on the couch. I knew if I tried, he’d just make me get up so there was no point. I simply changed and went to bed…

“Peyton…” I turn over on my side and groan. “Peyton, your phone keeps ringing…” Once I come to my senses, I reach for the nightstand and hit the green button as I pull the phone to my face.
“Hello?” I ask sleepily.
“Peyton Grey, this is John Walsh again, calling from the police department. I’m so sorry to call you this late but we just got called to a house fire and I didn’t realize until I got here, but Peyton, it’s your house…”
I sat up quickly. “What? My house is on fire?”
“Well, not now. Firefighters have put out the flames.”
“I’m on my way.” I throw the phone to the side and stand, trying to find some shoes. Jay notices and sits up. “Where are you going?”
“Did you not just hear him? My house is on fire!” Without another word, he follows me out the front door. When we got in the car, it didn’t take me long to get to my house. Of course, it wasn’t far, but I might have driven way over the speed limit…
Once we pulled up into the driveway, I parked and got out, looking on at the scene. The fire department was still here as well as some policemen. As I got closer to the house, I realized it was a complete loss. It had literally burnt to the ground.
All that remained was a large pile of black debris.
“Peyton, I’m so sorry…” Jay adds from behind me. I ignore him and notice John standing by his police car. I walk over to him. “Was it him?” I ask.
He nods. “We’re pretty certain, but the thing is, we just lost most of the evidence we had against him… We have a team coming to see if they can spare anything, but we’re kind of doubtful. Right now, we’re afraid a jury won’t convict him. I mean, this was our biggest case.”
And I’m sure that’s exactly what he wants…
When I walked back to the car, Jay followed me. “What are you doing?”
I sigh. “I’m getting really aggravated with this guy. You know whoever left you that note is behind this and I’m about hundred percent sure he’s either here or back at your place.”
Suddenly, I heard John yelling at his unit. “We gotta move! Another house fire down the road!” What? How was that possible?
They all scattered and were gone within minutes. Jay looked at me with saddened eyes. “You don’t think it was-” He didn’t even have to finish his sentence. I already knew. We quickly got in the car and went home.
When I saw the flashing lights and black smoke, I couldn’t believe my eyes. Why did they have to destroy Jay’s house? That was the only thing he had left… That’s when I wished to God they would have just killed me and left Jay alone. He couldn’t handle this again…
My mind came back to reality once I heard my glove department slam. I looked over at Jay who was loading my pistol. “What are you doing?”
“I can’t do it, Peyton. He deserves to be dead…” He opened his door and started to walk into the woods. I started after him.
“Don’t, Jay! You know that’s exactly what he wants you to do!”
“Exactly, but instead of killing me, I’m gonna kill him. Don’t leave your car, you hear me? Stay here.” He ran off as I looked back at the burning house. Everyone was too busy to notice us and I was really wondering if I should go after him…
But what was I going to do? I had no weapon…
I stood there for what seemed like forever, not knowing what to do. I felt like I was dreaming again but I knew I wasn’t. This was real… 
When I heard a gunshot, John ran over to me. “This is where you’ve been staying, isn’t it?” I nod. “Where’s your friend?”
I was having trouble forming words, so all I could do was point into the woods. John called for backup and they took off after Jay. As I stood by my car, I waited. I realized I was in shock and tried to gain my voice back.
But nothing came… Only whispers.
I stood there for half an hour, wondering who had taken the bullet… Was it a warning shot? Had Jay been shot? I was praying my nightmare wouldn’t come true and when I saw John come out from the tree line, my voice finally returned. “Where is he?” I yelled, walking toward him.
And suddenly, there he was.
Jay.
He was right behind John with a slight smile on his face. I sighed in relief as I engulfed him in a hug. “Oh, thank God,” I mutter under my breath.
“Uh, Mr. Parker, I’ll need you to sign a few papers for me before I can let you go,” John adds, walking toward his car.
Jay pulls away and looks at me. “Wait in the car, I’ll be right back.”
I did as I was told and sat in the driver’s seat. When the side door opened, I jumped. “Gez, calm down.” He adds, closing the door.
“What’d you do?” I didn’t waste any time, I really wanted to know.
“I didn’t kill him. I didn’t have to. John did. He came up behind him and fired.”
“But I heard-”
He cuts me off. “Yeah, that was me. I knew if I fired, the cops would follow. And it turns out, he came out right after… So, I guess we’ll be sleeping in a hotel tonight?” How could he be so calm? He had just lost everything and yet he acted as if it was nothing.
I didn’t respond. I just put the car in reverse and backed out onto the main highway. I drove into town and found the nicest hotel within a twenty-mile radius. I knew what I had to do and it wasn’t going to be easy…
When I parked in the front, I got out and told Jay to wait outside until I found a room. He agreed as I went inside the lobby and talked with the overnight receptionist. “How may I help you?” She asks sweetly.
“I need to rent a room for a good friend of mine… It doesn’t matter how many beds, but I was just wondering if you could charge my card per night? I’ll be leaving him here and I would like him to be able to stay as long as he needs to.”
“Oh, of course, I can do that.” Thankfully, I had stayed at this hotel multiple times before and they already had my credit card on file. “Alright, Ms. Grey, would you like it in your name as well?”
I shake my head. “No, put it under Jay Parker, please.” After another few minutes of typing, she finally handed me a room key.
“Room 206 on the second floor.” I thank her before going back outside.
Jay was standing against the brick wall, staring up at the sky. “Here ya go,” I add, handing him the key. He takes it and starts back toward the building. He stops when he notices I haven’t moved. “Coming?” He asks.
I hesitate before shaking my head. “No.” I take a shaky breath before adding, “You have really been kind to me, Jay, and I thank you for that. You really are something and I wish you the best of luck. You have the room for as long as you need it. And tomorrow, I’m going to call the bank and have some funds transferred into your account. It’ll be enough to rebuild the house and a little extra for your trouble… I wish you the best.”
I was expecting him to fight me a little but he didn’t. I was right, I had taken him by surprise and he didn’t know what to say. I didn’t stay long enough for him to think about it either, I got in my car and drove away…
I knew Jay was a good guy and I knew I was in love with him, but it would have been selfish of me to stay with him. All I did was cause him trouble and I refused to be a woman that relied on a man. He was better off without me.
Even though, I wasn’t without him.


Chapter Sixteen
Spending the night in my car was quite difficult for me. I mean, don't get me wrong, I loved my car, but it wasn't meant to be slept in. And not only that but as I lay there, in the back seat, with a jacket over me, I finally realized that I had literally lost everything I had known in just over a week.
I lost my job, my house, my courage... And Jay.
What was I supposed to do now? I literally had nothing except my car. I had no place to stay, no place to go... I officially felt completely hopeless. Normally, this was when you'd go to your parents, but I didn't have that option. All they would do was tell me what a screw up I was and I wasn't in the mood to hear that again.
So, the next morning I got to work. Me feeling sorry for myself wasn't going to help matters. I needed to get my life on track. And that started by going to the local cell phone dealer. I needed a phone and luckily, my phone was already eligible for an upgrade so I didn't have to pay anything.
Afterward, I stopped by the bank and explained my situation, with the house fire and all. I was given some blank checks and they ordered my new debit card which should arrive within the week. I also transferred the funds I promised Jay to his account and with drawled some cash to keep on me in case of an emergency.
Then, I called the insurance company and made sure the police station had faxed their report. They had, which made everything so much easier on me. They had already sent a guy to survey the damage and they would call me when my check was ready.
Finally, after I had all that taken care of, I made my first stop at a local department store. I had nothing more than the clothes on my back, which happened to be pajamas. So, I needed a new wardrobe and now.
It seemed like I was in there forever, but I needed everything! I started at the tops, blouses, and sweaters section and worked my way back to pants and jeans before stopping by the undergarments, outerwear, shoes, and jewelry sections. 
I knew my insurance would cover my mass shopping spree, so I really wasn't worried. I just hated shopping.
Once I changed and did my best to look fairly presentable, I picked up a copy of the local newspaper and attempted to find a place to rent that was already furnished. I couldn't stand sleeping in my car any longer than I had to and I was hoping to find somewhere to live by nightfall. I couldn't wait to take a shower!
After looking through dozens of ads, I found something I was interested in. It was an apartment on the outskirts of town, it was also newly listed and furnished. I wasted no time in contacting the owner and thankfully, she allowed me to stop by and take a look. And believe me, I wasted no time! I drove straight there and met her in the parking lot.
"Ms. Grey, nice to meet you. I'm Jenny, we talked on the phone." An older woman with gray hair approached me as I got out of the car.
"Hello, Jenny, please call me Peyton."
"Alright, Peyton. So, you are very interested in the apartment?" She asks, unlocking the front door.
I nod. "Very. Actually, my place burnt down during the night and I really need a place to stay. Preferably with furniture."
She gasps. "Oh my goodness! I'm so sorry, dear! It turns out, the last renters just moved out a few days ago, I haven't even had time to cut the water and electricity off. Everything has been cleaned and is in move-in condition." As I walk past her and into the living room, I inspect each room as carefully as possible.
She was right, it was furnished, not decorated, but furnished and I was in no position to be picky. It was clean and neat and very livable. The living room was mostly white and tan and the kitchen was made up of oak cabinets and white appliances. 
The bathroom was clean and crisp white and the bedroom was brown with cherry furniture. When I finished inspecting the place, I went back downstairs and met Jenny by the door. "So, what do you think?" She asks.
"I'll take it!"
Once the contract was signed and I paid the down payment, I was all set. However, I did run to the store first. And by run, I mean, I was in and out within fifteen minutes. That included groceries and toiletries, so for me, that was pretty darn good.
After I got back 'home', I put everything away and finally got to take a shower. I couldn't believe how much better I felt afterward. I had been running all over town all day in pajamas and greasy hair, I couldn't even believe myself.
I quickly dried my hair and put on some jeans and a t-shirt. When I started to make myself a cup of coffee, I heard the doorbell. Jenny probably forgot something, I thought to myself as I went to answer the door. Before opening it, I looked out the window to make sure I wasn't opening the door to some serial killer. Who I saw surprised me... Jay.
He saw me and pulled out a rectangular piece of paper, showing me, then slipping it under the door. I picked it up and noticed it was a check from him to me, for the exact amount I had transferred into his account this morning. I quickly unlocked the dead bolt and let him in. "Nope, take it back!"
"No. I had insurance on the place, I should be able to pick up my check tomorrow afternoon." He states, looking around at the apartment. "Nice choice." He adds.
"Wait. How did you find me?"
He chuckles. "Peyton, I worked in the special agent branch of the military. It was my job to find people. And you really weren't that hard. I mean seriously, you just thought I'd let you leave?"
"Well, I was hoping... And you just guessed I would be here?"
He shakes his head. "No. I knew you wouldn't sit in your car and feel sorry for yourself. It's just not who you are. I figured you'd be on a house hunt today and I was pretty sure you'd be looking for something furnished. Since, well, let's face it, no one likes furniture shopping. So, I did a little research in the newspaper and narrowed it down to a few places. Then I simply looked for your car."
"Yep, you're totally not a creeper," I add and head back to the kitchen. 
"So, are we roomies again?" He asks, bluntly. I turn to look at him and realize he's serious.
"Jay, do you not remember what I told you last night?"
"Peyton, do you remember what I've been telling you for the last four days? I'm not leaving and the only way you can make me is if you get a restraining order and word of advice," He whispers. "That probably wouldn't work either."
"Dude, I just caused you to lose your house!"
"Dude!" He mocks me. "It can be rebuilt! And I'm thinking of making it a bit bigger... Kind of claustrophobic, you know."
I sigh. "I will never understand you."
"Ditto. So? Roomies?"
What was I going to say? No? "Fine. But only until you rebuild your house, got it?" Crap, I forgot. "Uh, by the way, there's only one bedroom."
He shrugs. "Deal and it's no different than before... And by the way, we have a date tomorrow with the contractor, I got a hold of him today."
"Date?"
He laughs. "Figure of speech, Peyton. Gez. But don't worry, that will come very soon..." He trails off and heads up the stairs. What the heck does that mean? Does he want to go on a date with me? I'm seriously beginning to think he hit his head out there or something...

Chapter Seventeen
The rest of the evening was pretty quiet. It took me a while to realize that I wasn’t in harm’s way anymore and I didn’t have to be scared of being alone. I did get a call from the police department soon after Jay showed up and they informed me that they found messages on the hit man’s phone that lead to Matthew. They now had all the evidence they needed and like Jay had suspected, they charged him with two more counts of attempted murder. There was no way he was getting out of this. He would be gone a long time and even now, they had transferred him to the state penitentiary. He had no outside contact what so ever.
Of course, Jay had to say, “I told you so,” a couple times, but it didn’t bother me. I was just thankful he was gone and I could move on with my life…
After we got the good news, Jay left for a while. He wanted me to go with him, but I declined. I was tired and I just wanted to sleep. He had the glorious occasion of going to the store, just like I had earlier, and buying himself a whole new wardrobe.
If I was feeling up to it, I might have gone, but I knew it wasn’t going to be all that exciting. He would purchase the usual button-ups in a variety of colors, as well as t-shirts, and jeans… Yep, that was pretty much what his wardrobe consisted of.
I gave him a key to get in with once he got back since I was pretty certain I would be asleep. I did stay awake a little while and flip through the TV, but then I went to bed. Once I snuggled in under the comforter, I lay there aimlessly for a while, just thinking…
I knew I had feelings for Jay and it was obvious he felt the same about me. But was I really ready to date? Sure it had been a while since I had been in that field, but Matthew kind of scared me for life, so to speak.
Do you blame me?
Matthew used to be the sweetest guy in the world and then the alcohol got to his brain and all that changed… Did I think Jay was like that? Absolutely not. Jay was unlike any guy I had ever met. I couldn’t help but smile a little thinking about Jay’s fist connecting with Matthew’s face… Man, that was a moment I’d never forget.
And, of course, the kiss…
I could never forget that.

When I felt the bed dip, my eyes slowly opened… I thought that Jay had arrived home from the store, but then I realized it was morning and Jay had gotten up. When I heard the bathroom door shut, I took the time to stretch and head downstairs.
I fixed a pot of coffee and drunk it in silence. That’s when I noticed it was already passed nine… Wait? Nine! Crap! We were supposed to meet the contractor at ten! I finished my coffee and placed the cup in the sink. Then, I ran upstairs to the bathroom. I was prepared to bang on the door, but thankfully it was open. Jay was standing over the sink, brushing his teeth. “Okay, times up. My turn.” I push him aside and start to plug up the straightener I had bought the night before.
“Hey! I was here first, you know.”
“So? You’re pretty much done and I haven’t even started. Go finish in the kitchen or something.” I start rummaging through my makeup bag, placing everything I needed on the sink.
“Why don’t you go get ready in the kitchen?” He challenges me.
“There’s no mirror down there. Now, shew!” I push him out into the bedroom and lock the door. “So not fair, Peyton!” He mumbles. “I didn’t kick you out of the bathroom at my house, now did I?”
“No, but the rules have changed. Instead of me staying with you, you’re staying with me. Now, stop arguing and finish getting ready!”
I had my hair and makeup done within ten minutes, which was a new record for me. Then I raced to the closet and tried to find something comfortable to wear. Once I was ready, I ran downstairs and met Jay at his truck.
“So, what’s this guy’s name, again?” I ask as Jay pulls out of the parking lot and heads toward his place. We weren’t far, but we still didn’t want to be late.
“Kyle Wilder of Wilder Construction. It used to be his Dad’s business, but he retired and gave it to Kyle. And just to warn you, he’s kind of flirty…”
I ignore the last comment as we pull up into the farm. Jay parks beside a new Ford F-350. As we get out, a slim, muscular blonde steps out to meet us. “Jay Parker! Nice to see you again, man.” They bro-hug, or whatever it’s called as Kyle looks to me. “Ah, you must be the lovely Peyton.” He pushes Jay aside and shakes my hand. “Very nice to meet you, ma’am.”
Before I can answer, Jay responds. “Yeah, now, we were thinking of building down here, if you’ll follow me.” He takes off into the woods and heads down to the vacant lot.
“So, how do you know Jay?” Kyle asks once Jay’s far enough ahead of us.
“Well, I met him through the army, actually.” That wasn’t technically a lie, the army did send him to me…
When Jay noticed we were talking, he stopped and let me get ahead, then distracted Kyle. He was so jealous, it made me laugh. The guy wasn’t even that cute and he was totally not my type.
“Okay, we want the office here and the house on the other side of those trees,” Jay adds, pointing to the various locations.
We stayed about an hour down there as he sketched out my house and office plans. He assured me that the office could be ready to go within two weeks, since it was so small, and the house could be finished within six months. He also gave me a very reasonable price, so I hired him.
He even tried to get Jay to let him build him a house, but Jay refused. He assured him he was fully capable of doing it himself.
When we were finished, we all went back to the trucks. “I’ll be here with my crew first thing in the morning. Feel free to stop by anytime.” Kyle smiles at me as Jay rolls his eyes.
“Yeah, yeah. Okay, we’d better get going. See you soon, man.” I smirk as I join him in the truck. “What’s so funny?” He asks.
“You. Are. So. Jealous.”
He gasps. “Me? Over that? Ha! You’d be better off with a penguin.”
“You are so jelly…”
“Don’t say that! It sounds like something high schoolers would say…”
I chuckle. “Well, you are kind of acting like a freshman who has a crush on a senior cheerleader…”
He glares at me. “So going to get you back for that…”
I smile. “I’d love to see you try.”

Chapter Eighteen

The next morning was the big day! I was so excited to get construction underway, I could barely contain myself. Soon, I would have my very own office and the perfect dream house. What more could a girl want?
Jay and I got ready like the day before. We attempted to share the bathroom, but it was a little difficult. There was only one sink and with me trying to put on my makeup and him brushing his teeth, we bumped into each other quite often… However, we did arrange the shower times. He showered first, while I ate breakfast, and then we’d switch.
We were kind of getting the hang of it, but I knew it would take time.
When we arrived at the vacant lot, I realized I probably shouldn’t call it that anymore. There were at least fifty workers or more here and various construction equipment. Kyle met us just past the tree line. “Good morning, Peyton… Jay. We’re getting ready to dig out your basement and I’ve already got some guys working on the foundation of your office.”
I smile. “You guys really do work fast.”
“Sure do. Time is money, as they say…” He looks to Jay. “Are you sure you don’t want me to get some guys up to your place? I’m sure we could rebuild it within a week or so?”
Jay shakes his head. “No, I’ll take care of it, Kyle.” He nods and walks back to his employees. I turn to Jay. “He really wants to help you… Why don’t you let him?”
“I don’t need help. My dad and I built that place and I intend to rebuild it myself. Besides, all he wants to do is impress you.”
I chuckle. “You are so jealous. It just radiates off you…” I ignore his comebacks and walk around the premise. Kyle wasn’t joking, they really do work fast… Even though this was their first day, I was pretty certain that my house wasn’t going to take six months. There was just no way.
I watched as they began digging out my basement. I was envisioning what the house would look like when it was all said and done and I was getting more and more excited by the second. I could finally have my dream house and I didn’t have to be afraid anymore.
“Peyton! Oh my goodness! You’re alive!” I knew that voice…
When I turned around, I sighed. Mom and Dad were heading straight toward me. “Yes, very much so… Why wouldn’t I be?” She hugs me tightly as I try to pull away.
“We saw the house fire in the paper! We went to the police department and they told us where you had been staying. I can’t believe someone set your house on fire!” Apparently, they didn’t know who that someone was…
I knew she wouldn’t believe me, but I tried. “It was Matthew…”
She paused, then shook her head. “No, honey, he would never do a such thing.”
I nod. “Mom, he was arrested. He’s in federal prison. He tried to kill me on more than one occasion.” She was shocked, but I thought I saw an ounce of regret in her eyes. “He’s charged with three counts of attempted murder, vandalism, arson, and so much more.”
Dad interrupts. “They got the wrong guy… It’s a shame justice has become so corrupt these days… Matthew was a good man and he loved you.”
At this point, I was ready to pull my hair out. “Oh my God! He did not love me! He used me to get what he wanted, or at least tried to… He was nothing but a bully and I can’t believe you would believe him over your own freakin’ child! Do you know how bad that makes me feel? The only family I have would rather believe a stranger than their own flesh and blood! It’s sickening!”
By this time, Jay had noticed my rage and had joined us on the side of the lot. Dad recognized him. “Who are you again? It seems as if every time we come to visit, you show up?”
Jay is completely expressionless, but responds. “Jay Parker. I happen to own the land in which you are standing on. I would also suggest that you be a little more understanding with your daughter.”
“And what are you going to do about it? You have nothing to do with this.”
Jay laughs. “Well, I could easily throw you off the property… You kind of are trespassing since I don’t believe you were invited.”
Mom adds, “We just wanted to make sure you were okay.”
I nod. “Yeah and you can thank Jay for that. It was certainly not because of you… You know what? If you love Matthew so much, go try to have the charges dropped! I guarantee you it won’t happen! And do you know why? There’s a such thing as evidence! And Matthew’s DNA was everywhere! He’s a monster and I don’t understand why you can’t see that!”
Mom paused. “He has been in your house on more than one occasion, dear… Of course, there was DNA… It makes sense.”
I groan. “My God, you have an answer for everything! No, it has been years since he’s stepped foot in my house! He left a note, Mom! A note attached to my old engagement ring! He was there to kill me!” I take a deep breath. “I don’t need this right now. I’ve lost everything and I’m in the process of rebuilding my life… And this time, I don’t want you in it.” I was on the verge of crying but held back the tears as I turned on my heel and headed into the woods. Once I was a couple yards away and out of sight, I sat down by a tree and tried to collect my thoughts.
Before long, Jay showed up. He extended his hand. “Come on.”
“What?”
“Come on.” He says again. “We have things to do. It’s time to move on like you said. You got rid of them, so live your life the way you want to. There’s no time to feel sorry for yourself.”
I grab his hand as he pulls me up. “Remember a couple days ago when you asked me what I wanted?” He nods. “I always knew what I wanted to be when I grew up, but I didn’t so much care about the job specifically. As long as I helped people, that was fine with me… What I really wanted was to find my happiness. To have a good family and find a guy to settle down with. I was tired of being alone and that’s the only reason I dated Matthew. I wanted a companion, you know, it gets kind of boring talking to yourself all the time…” He chuckles as I continue. “But after Matthew, I lost the one thing that really meant the world to me… My parents… All I want is to go back to my childhood and relive the only good memories I have with them. Matthew took many things from me, more than you’ll ever know, but he also took the only thing I cared about.”
Jay seemed unsure of what to say. He hesitated a little before finally speaking. “Peyton, you have done a lot for me over the past week and a half. And I owe you big time. So, I’m going to get your parents back. I promise, by the time you move into your new house, it’ll be just like old times.”
“How are you going to do that?”
He smirks. “Don’t worry about it.”
“Jay, you don’t owe me anything. Like I told them, you saved my life. I’ll forever be indebted to you…”
His smirk grew. “Oh really? So, if I ask you to do something right now, you’d do it?” I knew I’d regret it, but I really did owe him…
“Yes, anything.”
“Well, alright then… I guess we should get going…” He took me by the hand and pulled me toward the truck. “Go where?” I ask, trying to keep up.
“Well, Ms. Grey, I believe we are going on our first date.”
Say what?


Chapter Nineteen
I had absolutely no idea where we were going.
When we got in the truck, Jay drove back into town. I was trying to think of all the possible places we could go, but they just didn’t seem logical. Jay wasn’t going to pick something like the movies, I mean, we weren’t teenagers. And I wasn’t expecting to go out to eat since both of us were dressed extremely casual.
I really was stumped and even more so, when he parked at the army base. I didn’t really know what to say, so I did the only thing I knew how… I looked at him like he was crazy. He chuckles. “Must you always look at me like that?”
“I can’t help it… It’s my speechless expression.”
He smirks. “Ah, so I make you speechless quite often?” I roll my eyes. Cocky jerk.
Without another word, he parks in the very back parking lot. I follow him out of the truck and down a dirt path. Where in the world was he taking me? It was a wooded area and there seemed to be no signs of human life anywhere…
I was really beginning to get curious, but I knew wherever we were going, it couldn’t be that bad. Or at least, that’s what I kept telling myself. “Wait here.” He points to a small bench on the side of the path.
“Where are you going?”
He nods toward a small building nestled in between the trees just a couple yards away. “I’ll be right back.” I didn’t know how long he’d be gone, so I sat down. I tried to read the small sign in front of the building, but I was too far away and way too lazy to walk over to it.
I gave up on trying to figure out where we were going. I’d probably never think of it anyway, so I was really just wasting my brain power.
It didn’t take him long and before I knew it, he came back with two guns and some ammo. “What on earth are we doing?”
He chuckles. “Target practice.”
To say that I was surprised was definitely an understatement. I would have expected anything but that. I mean, that’s not exactly on the top ten first date’s list, but it was different, so I had to give him credit. 
“And you thought of this all by yourself?” I ask curiously.
He nods. “Surprising, isn’t it? Well, actually, I’m supposed to come here twice a month and practice, but you’ve kept me kind of occupied, so what better date that one that serves a purpose?”
I roll my eyes and follow him around the building. “So, why do they make you practice again? I mean, you’ve been in the army a long time.”
He smiles. “Exactly what I said, but I guess they’re afraid you’ll forget how to kill people. Only logical explanation I can think of.”
We walk up to a red line, sprayed onto the grass. Apparently, it’s the starting line. Jay loads both of the guns and hands one to me. “There’s multiple targets around here. Most are on trees and there’s one straight ahead of you.” He states pointing to a couple.
He then hands me some safety glasses in case one of the bullets ricochets. “Okay, ladies first.” I take my aim at the target directly ahead of me and fire. I lower my gun and smile once I see it hit the bull’s-eye. 
I look back to Jay. His eyes grow wide as he looks on. “Remind me never to make you mad…” I chuckle as he takes his shot. To my surprise, he had the same result.
“So, shouldn’t we be talking about ourselves?” I ask, taking another shot.
“What do you mean?”
I sigh. “Well, the purpose of a first date is to get to know the other person.”
He nods. “True… Then tell me something I don’t already know.”
I knew he’d say that and I was prepared. “How about we take turns asking each other a question? It can be anything related to what we like or dislike or even our perception on life.”
He seemed to go along with it. “Fine, I’ll go first… What U.S. city would you never, ever move to even for the job offer of your dreams?”
I just looked at him. “Random, much?”
He shrugs. “I’m just doing what I was told.”
“Okay… Uh, probably Dallas or San Francisco. Just way too many people for me. In case you haven’t noticed, I like the small town atmosphere. Now, for you, if you could live in any decade all over again, which would it be and why?”
He pauses. “Nineteen-eighties. I was young and happy.” And not surrounded by death, I thought to myself. “Earlier, when you said Matthew took things from you, what did you mean?”
I was totally not expecting that question, nor did I really want to answer it. “That’s a whole lot of baggage that you probably don’t want to hear about.”
Before taking another shot, he stops and looks at me. “It could give me a couple more reasons to kill the guy, of course, I want to hear them.”
Crap. “Matthew took many things from me. He took away my ability to think logically, to trust people, to be positive… To be honest.”
He cocks an eyebrow. “Care to elaborate?”
“When I was with him, he kind of clouded my judgment. He was a darn good psychiatrist and knew every trick in the book to get me to do whatever he wanted… I trusted him a long time and you see where that got me. I was afraid to let people in because of what he did. Everything I did after him seemed wrong. For weeks, after I broke off the engagement, I wondered if I did the right thing. Of course, my parents were swaying my opinion as well, so I had to learn to put my foot down and stop acting like a child. With honesty, Matthew was the type of person that only wanted to hear what made him happy. I learned to lie, most of the time, just to keep from getting into fights and that’s when I knew the relationship was doomed.”
“Your turn,” was all he said.
“What are you most passionate about?”
He smirks. “You.”
I give him the are-you-serious face. “Really? Or are you just trying to suck up?”
He shakes his head. “No, I am not sucking up. I’m serious. I mean, come on, Peyton. What has my life consisted of since I came back?” He let me think a moment before continuing. “You. I have nothing else to occupy my time. And besides, I don’t need brownie points with you. You aren’t that type of woman.”
“Oh, I’m not, huh?”
“Nope.” I take aim once more as he asks me the next question. “Do you really see this going somewhere?” The gun fires, but it was definitely not a bulls-eye.
“Say what?”
He smiles before repeating himself. “Do you see us going somewhere?”
“I-I don’t know… This is just the first date, right?”
“Well, yeah… But, I mean, do you think we have a chance? Like do you think we’re compatible?” Why must I have mentioned twenty questions?
“Why do I suddenly feel like I’m on The Bachelorette?”
He lowers his head and sighs. “Sorry, just curious…”
I could tell he really wanted to know but I just didn’t have an answer… “Look, Jay, you are a really nice guy and I meant what I said before. Any girl around here would kill for you,”
He cuts me off. “Just not you, right?”
I shake my head. “No, that isn’t what I said. It’s been a really long time for me. Matthew was the only guy I was ever in a relationship with and he burned me… Bad. It’s just going to take some time for me to earn that trust again.”
“So, what your saying is, you don’t trust me?”
I sigh. “No, that’s not it either. I just don’t know if I’m ready for a relationship yet. You’ll never understand…”
His face turns red. “Then help me! Please! Do you know what you just said? You’ve been out of this relationship for years, Peyton! Years! My wife just died a couple months ago and look at me! I’m chasing after you! How do you think that makes me feel right now? Betrayed? Unfaithful? Rebellious?”
I knew he was angry but it seemed like he was blaming me for all of this when he should be blaming Matthew. “And how do you think that makes me feel? Huh? Yes, your wife just died, but think about it from my point of view?” I pause, letting him catch up. “Rebound, maybe? Trying to cover up all the guilt you’ve been carrying?” Before I could stop myself, it slipped and I immediately regretted it.
He shook his head in disgust. “After all I’ve done for you, this is what I get? I cannot believe you would think that low of me.” He hisses. “This wouldn’t work. You are just like him! Getting into people’s head…”
Did he compare me to Matthew?
I could barely gather my thoughts. I couldn’t believe he went that far. He compared me to that thing. How could he?
Before I thought of anything to say, he was gone.
He left me all alone.

Chapter Twenty
Jay’s Point of View

How could she ever consider herself as a rebound? I was beginning to wonder if maybe she had a mental illness… I would never, ever do such a thing even though I’ll admit, it may not look good to everyone else. But she knew me… Granted, it hasn't even been two weeks yet, but she knew more about me than most people did.
I get that Matthew scarred her for life, but one day, she’s going to have to move on. After everything she’s been through, she deserves to be happy and so do I.
Man, I do sound desperate.
I immediately felt guilty for leaving Peyton the way I did, but I had to get out of there. I wasn't perfect, I had anger problems. I was never quick to anger, but when it happened, it was hard for me to control it. Apparently something I had inherited from my biological father…
When I got back to the apartment, I really considered going back for her, but I knew better. She’d probably called a taxi and was gone by now and there was probably no way she’d talk to me right now, anyway. I really messed up this time…
It was just the first date. How would she know if we were going anywhere? We barely knew each other and I was stupid to have brought it up so soon. I guess I had been out of the dating scene so long, I forgot how it worked…
With nothing else to do, I went into the kitchen and fixed a pot of coffee. I wasn't much of a caffeine addict but when I was stressed, I drunk it without thinking…
The longer I sat there, the more worried I became. What was taking her so long? Where’d she go? Every time I heard a noise, I jumped, thinking it was the front door. But it wasn't, at least not until a couple hours later…
I heard the screen door click and then faint footsteps up the stairs. She knew I was here and was trying really hard to avoid me. But did I blame her? No. I would probably do the same thing… 
I waited until later that night before I went upstairs. I tried to give her time to cool off, but when I went up to bed, the door was locked and a blanket was folded nearby along with a pillow. Yep, she was still mad.
Any other time, I would have knocked and at least tried to talk to her, but I knew now wasn't the time. I would just have to try in the morning…
Once my bed was made on the couch, I laid down and tried to sleep.
But sleep never came.
All I did was toss and turn and wonder what I was going to say to her tomorrow. I was so afraid that I blew my chance. What if she didn't want to go on another date? What if friends were all we’d ever be? If we even still were after this...
I stayed awake all night wondering when she’d come downstairs. Around six the next morning, I heard the shower and knew she was awake. I pretended to be asleep and soon, I heard her faint footsteps cross the floor and into the kitchen.
This was my chance.
I slipped off the couch and into the kitchen. She was standing with her back to me, looking in the cereal cabinet. “Good morning,” I add as she jumps, looking back at me.
She closes the cabinet and gets her keys off the counter. “Morning.” She mutters, walking past me and toward the front door.
“Peyton, I’m sorry for what I said. I was frustrated and my anger got the best of me… You are nothing like him… I know you have this idea that I’m perfect, but I’m not. I’m just like everybody else. I say things that I shouldn't, and I do have a temper. Sitting around doing nothing isn't something I’m used to. I've always been working and when I was on leave, I was always with Holly. This is new to me.”
She hesitates before speaking. “I don't think you’re perfect… I think you want to be.”
I cock an eyebrow. “I don't follow.”
“You've had a rough life and sometimes, I don't think you want to admit it. You don't like it when people feel sorry for you, so you make them think that you’re perfect. And I think you have become obsessed with that idea… That's why you want to date me.”
I still didn't understand. “Could you forget the psychology crap and speak like a normal person?” I hated when she did this. It's like all she can do is think like a psychiatrist. She’s got to learn to leave that at work…
She sighs. “Holly was your way of feeling normal, so to speak. As a child, you felt like an outcast because you were adopted and people could tell you looked nothing like your parents. You just wanted a normal life and Holly gave that to you… People didn't look at you like you were that sad little kid anymore, you were a man with his wife. Nothing out of the ordinary… Then, you lost her and you became a widow. And once again, you felt like an outcast.”
I shook my head. “I did not move in with you to get free therapy sessions. You aren't my psychiatrist anymore, so please stop acting like it.”
“I’m not trying to be, Jay, but I can't help but feel like I'm being used and if you would try to see this from my point of view, maybe you’d understand.”
“Used, huh? I definitely almost killed a guy, twice, just so I could use you… I guess I was wrong, you aren't like Matthew, I am! I’m just a sick, disgusting, lonely guy that wants to take advantage of you, or at least, that's apparently what you think of me. If Matthew was standing here right now, I believe I could kill him and never think twice about it. I know you won't tell me everything he did to you, but I know it was bad. You can't even trust the people that truly care for you… Matthew didn't just take your pride, he took your ability to be happy.”
She didn't know what to say to that. She looked at me like she had seen a ghost. She was completely in denial and honestly, I didn’t know how to help her. I didn't even know if I could. “I’m guessing you’re going to check on construction, so by the time you get back, I’ll be gone. The key will be under the mat.” I didn't realize how hard it would be for me after that. I lost her, the only other woman I ever cared for besides Holly. I was on my own again…
Maybe I'll rebuild my house and go back to work.
Truth was, I didn't know what was going to happen to me. I just knew I couldn’t stay with her. She wasn't going to give me a chance until she let Matthew go and that was just something she had to do on her own.

Chapter Twenty-One
Why do I even try?
I was crazy to think I could help Jay and I was even crazier to actually like him. I knew better than to get involved with a patient. I was wrong to move in with him and I was wrong to hire him. Now, I’m building a house and an office on his land. Honestly, what was I thinking?
Maybe we were both rebounding…
I have never been so irresponsible. I don’t know what came over me but I hoped whatever it was, it was gone. I was seriously considering paying Kyle off and just leaving the whole thing, but I couldn’t bring myself to do it. That was my dream house and my office was only a couple yards away. And no matter how badly I wanted to deny it, it was the perfect location.
Besides, after all of this, I deserved to have something I really wanted and that house was it, even if it was on Jay’s land. It was still about a mile’s walking distance from his place which meant, we probably wouldn’t see each other anyway.

#~#~#~#~#~#

Kyle’s plan had succeeded and as he promised, my office was completed within the week. All I have to do is wait until the concrete dries around the parking lot and I can start moving in the furniture. The day he called and told me he was finished, I could barely contain my excitement. I could finally get back to work. And it just so happened, he called me just a few minutes ago and told me he had a surprise for me. So now, I’m heading down to the construction site to see what it is.
Sadly, the construction crew had blocked off my normal entrance to the site, due to wet concrete, so I had to park at Jay’s and walk. Luckily, he wasn’t there, but I had noticed he was rebuilding his old house. And to my surprise, he was almost finished.
I pushed the thought aside as I came up on Kyle. “Hey, Peyton! I’m glad you could come over so quickly! So, the concrete should be good to go by morning and the guys and I thought we’d give you a little gift to start you back off at work…” Kyle nods toward some of his workers and they come toward us with a long white sign:
Family Psychiatry
Dr. Peyton Grey, M.D., D.O.
I smiled when I noticed it included my office phone number and weekly office hours. You know, I kind of wondered why Kyle wanted all that information the other day. “Oh my goodness! You did this for me?”
He nods. “We all chipped in. Some of us constructed the sign, some of us carved the lettering, and some of us painted. We thought it was a good advertisement as well.”
“Well, thank you. It was a very kind gift. Now, I just have to think of somewhere to put it.” It really needed to be near the road, but I only owned the lot I was standing on… I’d have to ask for Jay’s permission. “Give me a couple minutes and I’ll tell you where to put it, alright?”
Kyle nods. “Sure thing.”
Since I left my lovely phone in the car, I had to walk all the way back to Jay’s to get it. And just my luck, I didn’t need it. Jay had apparently come back since his truck was now here.
Reluctantly, I walked up to the newly constructed house and found the front door to be open. The smell of fresh paint immediately overwhelmed me as I knocked on the door, looking inside. “What?” Jay groans turning around. “Oh. I thought you were Kyle…”
I step inside. “Is he bothering you now?”
“He’s been up here at least three times today, trying to get me to let some of his guys help. But as you can see, I’m almost done and I certainly don’t need any of his help.” Well, he hasn’t changed at all this week…
“Yeah, sorry to interrupt, but Kyle and the guys made me a sign for the office and I was wondering if it was okay to have it placed by the road, down below my drive?”
He rolls his eyes. “Suck up.” He whispers before continuing. “It’s fine with me. Not really sure why you had to ask.”
“Well, it wasn’t on my land and-”
“Peyton, I don’t care. Okay? It’s your office, which reminds me…” He walks past me and out to the truck. I follow him as he fumbles around in his glove compartment. He reaches me a paper. “Here, it’s all yours.”
I take it from him and read the document… It was a deed to the land. I look back up at him. “No, I thought we agreed that I would just-”
“It needed to be in your name in case something happens. Just take it. Think of it as an early welcome home gift from me.”
I cock an eyebrow. “Something happens? What are you talking about?”
“Yeah, about that… I called and made an appointment with Judge Helton for tomorrow… I was hoping you’d come along and tell him that I can go back to work.”
“But it hasn’t been six weeks and what do you mean go back to work? Like work at the base or-” He knew what I was about to say, so he interrupted.
“Yes. I’d like to finish my leave. You did well with him last time and I’m hoping you can use some of your persuasive techniques again.” 
I shook my head. “No, absolutely not. You aren’t ready for that. It’s one thing to work on base but going back to war is another.”
He cocks an eyebrow. “I’m not ready or you’re not ready?” Definitely, not expecting that. “War is no different than being here. All I’ve done is fight with you. Fighting over Matthew, fighting about living arrangements, fighting about feelings. Nothing is different. At least then, I’ll get away from here.”
“You mean away from me?” I counter.
“Nope, not what I said.”
I shrug. “That’s what it sounded like to me…” I sigh and turn away from him. “What time is the appointment?”
“Nine.”
“I’ll meet you there,” I add and walk away.
I head back down to the construction site and give Kyle the go ahead with the sign. According to him, it should be up by the time I arrive tomorrow. After I finish with him, I head back to the car. Jay was nowhere to be found as I left.
On my way back home, I tried to figure out how I was going to persuade Thomas to let Jay go back to work. I knew he wasn’t ready but he wanted it and apparently, wanted nothing to do with me…
I kept thinking about Jay leaving and the more I thought about it, the more my heart sank. Were we getting along right now? No. But did I want him to leave the country? Absolutely not.
It was probably selfish of me to think, but I thought of Jay as my safety blanket. Even though we were between a rock and a hard place, if I needed him, he’d be there and I’d bet my life on that statement. That was his thing, he was dependable, but if he left, I’d be on my own again and that was something I was kind of afraid of, but not because of Matthew, I wasn’t scared of him anymore. He was gone for good, but I was afraid of losing the only friend I had, had since he left me.
Jay was it for me.
I just had to somehow try to get Thomas on my side without Jay knowing… I couldn’t let him go back to war, but most of all, I couldn’t let him leave me.


Chapter Twenty-Two
I found it hard to sleep the rest of the night. I pondered on the thought of Jay leaving and soon realized, I couldn’t interfere. I couldn’t stop him from living his life, it was selfish. No matter how badly I wanted him to stay, there was nothing I could do. Judge Helton had the power. If he thought Jay wasn’t ready, good. If not, that’s his decision.
Even though I had accepted the fact that it wasn’t up to me, I dreaded the trip. Jay had improved since he first showed up at my office, so it wasn’t a lie. He was doing better and I couldn’t lie to Thomas.
When I found Jay at the office complex, he was dressed as he always was. Although, this time, he was wearing a black button-up shirt, instead of his weird blue plaid. “I was beginning to think you weren’t going to show up.” He states as I sign in with the receptionist.
“I told you I’d be here and I am,” I mutter, sitting down against the wall. He sat next to me and for the first time, I felt awkward. I had never ever felt that way with him, but I guess it was because we both didn’t really have anything to say to one another.
“Peyton Grey and Jay Parker.” Our names were called and we were escorted to Judge Helton’s office. He sat in his usual spot with his glasses pulled down to his nose.
“Peyton, Jay! It’s so nice to see you again!” He welcomes us as we sit down across from him. He smiles and pulls a file from his desk. Jay’s name was written in the top corner. “So, Jay, you scheduled this appointment, it seems. “ He adds, reading a post-it note on his desk. “What can I help you with?”
Jay clears his throat. “Actually, sir, I came to potentially be cleared to go back to work.” Thomas seemed unsure. “I know we’re early, but I’m really doing better and honestly, staying home all the time is driving me crazy.”
Thomas turns his attention to me. “Is he correct? Is he doing better?”
I nod. “From the time he walked into my office until now, he has improved.”
“And you believe he should go back to work?”
I hesitate. “Are you asking for my professional opinion?”
“No. You told me last time you were here, that Jay didn’t need a psychiatrist, he needed a friend. So, I’m asking you, Peyton, not Doctor Grey, do you think he’s ready to go back to work?”
“Like I said, he’s doing much better.” I could feel Jay’s eyes on me and I really wanted to kick myself for my answers. I was biased. I was neither for it nor against it and I would tell the truth, whether Jay liked it or not.
Thomas sighs. “I can’t help but feel a sense of uncertainty about this… Jay, would you wait outside for a moment?” Jay nods and exits the room, closing the door behind him. “Peyton, did he push you into this?”
“No, he just really wants to do something and like he said, he’s stir crazy. I can’t be with him all the time, I’m building a house and a new office…” I didn’t bother to explain the fight. “And he just wants something to do.”
He nods. “I understand his point of view but I, myself, do not believe he can go back to war and definitely not anytime soon. However, I don’t want to leave him stir crazy either, so here’s what I’m going to do,” He turns to his computer and begins typing. “I’m going to email his General and see if he can work here at the base. That way, he doesn’t go to war, but he doesn’t go crazy either. Sound good?”
I smile. “Yes, very good.”
“Very well. Tell Jay that he should be contacted within the next twenty-four hours. Good day, Peyton.” I thank him before meeting Jay in the hall. He follows me as I walk out the door.
“So? What did he say?”
As I reach my car, I respond. “You’ll be contacted within the next day or so. He believes you would be better off working on base and before you blame me, please know that I did not make this decision. He did, all by himself. If you have any questions, please ask him. Good luck.” I got in the car and slammed the door.
There, my duty is done.
Just as I put the key in the ignition, he knocked on the window. Knowing he wouldn’t go away, I flicked the switch and rolled it down. “Did I miss something?”
He sighs. “Truce?”
I couldn’t have heard him correctly. “What?”
“Truce?” He repeats. “I’m tired of fighting with you, Peyton. I can’t do it and I really miss your bossiness.” I chuckle. “Don’t get me wrong, I love arguing with you, but that’s just for fun.”
I pause before speaking. “What are the conditions?”
“There aren’t any. We just go back to the way we were before the date.”
I cock an eyebrow. “And forget the whole thing? I think not. You wouldn’t give up that easily. No way.” He smiled and that’s when I knew I was right.
“Ding, ding, ding.” He laughs. “I’m not going to give up, I’m just going to wait until you’re ready. And I know that may be awhile, but some day is better than never… So, deal?”
I didn’t answer right away and I knew he was on edge. “So, Kyle says the office is ready for furniture… Want to help me go shopping?”
He smiles. “I’m right behind you.”
Within minutes, we were headed into the city, on our way to the local furniture store. I couldn’t help but get butterflies and I scolded myself for them, even though I knew I couldn’t help it. Jay got under my skin sometimes, but he was a good guy and thankfully, he was staying here. It seemed like we both got what we wanted today. He gets to go to work and I get to keep him here. I had my best friend back and this time, I was going to try really hard to keep him and hopefully, let my past go.
“Do you have any idea what you want?” He asks as we walk into the store.
I shake my head. “Not really… Kyle and the guys already painted everything and I have pictures on my phone. So, as long as it matches and looks professional, I really don’t care.”
He laughs. “Seriously, Peyton, you are the only female I’ve ever met that hates shopping.”
I nod. “I’m weird, I know. But that’s why you love me.” I joke, looking around the showroom. Faintly, I hear him mutter, “Yes, I do.”

#~#~#~#~#~#

Needless to say, I had purchased all the furniture I needed within the hour and it was to be delivered later that day. Once I left the delivery guys the directions to the office, we were all finished and I stopped by the post office to check for any mail.
Earlier in the week, I placed an ad in the local newspaper. I really needed a receptionist to help me run the office and decided that was the best way to find one on such short notice. To my surprise, I had a response. I took the large manila folder back to the car and ripped it open as soon as I shut the door.
At first, I ignored the name of the applicant, just reading the qualifications section and was very pleased to see that they had previous job experience in office work. But when I read their name aloud, I almost gave myself a heart attack. “Lisa Brock.”
Why wasn’t she working for Matthew? Had she quit?
My mind raced, wondering if this was legit.
I dropped the paper into the seat next to me and drove back to Jay’s, knowing he was there waiting on the furniture truck. When I parked next to his truck and stumbled out of the car, envelope in hand, he met me out front.
When he saw what I had, he smiled, “An applicant?” I handed him the folder as he opened it and read the first few lines. “Lisa, huh?”
I nod. “Don’t you find that a little weird?”
He shrugs. “Not really… Matthew did own the place and he did get arrested. So, that would mean the business would close since there would be no owner.”
“No, I mean, do you think she knows about everything? Why would she apply for my job opening? We did work with each other, but we rarely got along.”
He chuckles. “Didn’t get along? You didn’t like her because she called you Doctor Grey all the time and I don’t think that’s a good enough reason. She never did anything to you, that I know of, anyway.”
“Remember the day Matthew hit on me?”
He rolls his eyes. “How could I forget?”
“You told me the reason you stayed, remember? Matthew was talking to Lisa.”
He nods. “Yeah, but he only said to inform him when you left. It’s not like she was a business partner or anything… You know what I think? I think you’re paranoid.”
I cross my arms. “Am not…”
He sighs. “I don’t see what the problem is. If you don’t like her, don’t hire her.”
He had a point. “Well, yeah, but I want to open like now and I need a receptionist… She’s the only one that has applied so far.”
“Then I’ll help you until you find someone else.”
I cock an eyebrow. “You can’t, you’re going back to work, remember?”
He seemed to have forgotten that little detail. “Then postpone the opening.”
I pout. “I don’t want to do that.”
He groans. “Then hire Lisa!”
I ponder on the thought and wonder if it was a bad idea, but like Jay said, I was running out of options. “And you think she’s okay?”
“I don’t think she’s a serial killer, no.”
“Okay, I’ll call her…”
And I did just that. She seemed excited to hear back from me so quickly and seemed really interested in the job. She had seen everything on the news and apologized for what I had to go through, but Jay was right, she was no serial killer. I gave her the job and the only rule was that she had to call me Peyton when speaking directly to me. She agreed this time but did admit that it would take some getting used to.
Shortly after I ended the call, the furniture truck showed up and Jay and I helped unload everything into the office. It felt like hours before we finally had everything in its place, but it looked awesome! The waiting room was decorated in green and really gave off a homey feeling. The bathroom was down the hall, decorated in white and gold, and my office right after, at the very back. That was my favorite part. I got to decorate everything exactly how I wanted it and the office looked professional, yet comfortable.
My workspace was decorated in various shades of brown with cherry wood. Instead of feeling like I was at work, I felt like I was just sitting in my home office. Nothing seemed stressful about this, so far. After everything was placed, I sat down behind my desk for the first time. “Welcome back, Doctor Grey,” Jay adds, sitting a vase of yellow roses on my desk.
I chuckle. “You really aren’t going to give up, are you?”
“Well, no, but that isn’t what those are for. Don’t you know your rose colors?”
I nod as he sits down across from me. “Yes, they’re yellow. I’m not blind.”
He smiles. “No, a yellow rose symbolizes friendship and new beginnings. Red symbolizes love… Get it?” He pauses. “Friendship for us and new beginnings for the office.”
“Yes, thank you.”
I was about to ask him if he wanted to be my first patient, but I was cut off. “Peyton, dear? Are you here?” There it was again… That voice.
My parents appeared in the doorway. “I’m not in the mood to argue right now. Please don’t make me.” Mom came forward with a vase of sunflowers.
“Nonsense. We just wanted to give you this as a gift. We saw the ad in the paper and could barely believe the office was finished. But it looks good, you did a very good job, dear.”
“Thanks?” Man, what changed their mind…
“Well, we won’t keep you, we know you’re busy. Maybe you could call us or come over when you have time? We miss seeing you…” She pauses before walking back to Dad. “Good luck with your opening.” They add before leaving as quickly as they came.
I look back to Jay. “What got into them?”
He smiles. “I have no idea…”
I glare at him. “You did something, didn’t you?”
He shrugs. “I have no idea what you’re talking about… Anyway, I’d better get back home. I guess I’ll be working tomorrow.” He stands and heads out the door but I stop him.
“Nope! I know better, you did something! What did you do?” I smile, standing in front of him. He says nothing, only shrugs with a sly smile on his face.
I shake my head. “You’re something else, Jay Parker.” I kiss him on the cheek and let him pass. “Now, this office is closed.” I joke.
He tries not to laugh. “Okay, okay, I’m going, don’t call the cops.”
I roll my eyes. “You’re such an idiot.”
He walks to the entrance and looks back at me. “Ah, yes, but at least I’m your idiot.” He smiles once more before closing the door behind him.
Man, I’m going to have to get over my problems quick… Jay’s growing on me more and more each day and I couldn’t help but wonder what he was like as a boyfriend…
Chapter Twenty-Three
The next morning was hectic, to say the least. I scrambled around the apartment, for what seemed like hours, trying to get ready for my official first day at work. I changed clothes at least three times before finally deciding on a black suit, including a lace top and matching jewelry. I wanted to go casual, but this was the opening, I had to make a good impression on future clients, after all, this was going to be in the newspaper.
And yes, I said newspaper. The opening of a new business in this town acquired a lot of attention and I had already been contacted about a write-up in this week’s paper. Of course, I’m not complaining. Lisa had already contacted a couple of my past patients and they had already made appointments, but it was always nice to get my name out there. And with Matthew’s clinic closed, I was next in line to get all of his patients as well.
When I got to the office, I was actually quite surprised to see that the local news had also made an appearance. They were featuring my clinic in all their upcoming newscasts and even filmed me cutting the ribbon, to run a video on their website.
I expected a little media but definitely, not this much.
After I finished the interview for the paper, I was finally able to get back to work. And when we officially opened at nine, the phone rung off the hook. Lisa was struggling to answer them all and at one point, I starting taking a few in my office in between visits.
I didn’t have many appointments to start off the first day, but they were mostly previous patients. And trust me, that would all change by the time five o’ clock came. That was our closing time and the only time that the phone finally stopped ringing. Not that people weren’t calling, they still were, but now, it went straight to voicemail. And by that time, I was booked solid for the next month. I hoped the business would be successful but I didn’t realize how many people needed a psychiatrist in this town. Sure I had seen some of these patients before, some of them I even recognized as Matthew’s, but the amount of new patients was just unreal…
It had been so busy, I completely forgot that Jay was supposed to be back at work today. “Lisa tells me you’re about to pull your hair out? I really hope that was just a joke.” Jay peaks around my office door.
“Ah, thank God! A sane person! Please, come in!” I joke as he smiles and sits in the chair across from my desk. I couldn’t help but look him up and down as he approached. He was dressed in his army uniform, and to my surprise, it really did his body justice…
“Peyton Grey, did you just check me out?” He laughs.
I blush and turn away. “I most certainly did not. A woman of my caliber would never check one out.” He seemed unnaturally amused.
“Oh, Peyton, you must have really had a rough day. I’ve never seen you so desperate to crack a joke and that says something if you ask me.”
I couldn’t help but smile. “I’m just tired… Really tired. Enough about me, how did your first day go, Captain?” His eyes twinkled at the title. I could tell he really missed it.
“Okay, I guess. I’d still rather be out in combat, but I guess it’ll take some getting used to.” He seemed to notice my outfit. “I thought you wanted a casual clinic?”
I nod. “I do, but today was the first day and I knew the newspaper would be here, so I decided to look decent for all the pictures.”
“You’ve got to be kidding… Decent? Peyton, you look beautiful no matter what you’re wearing.” Okay, he was definitely getting credit for making me blush the most in under three minutes…
“If brownie points are what you’re after, you’re doing a very good job, Mr. Parker.” I rarely gave brownie points to anyone, but Jay was definitely buttering me up for some reason.
He chuckles. “No, I don’t do brownie points… Not my type.”
I was going to respond but didn’t get the chance. My cell started ringing in my desk drawer. I fumbled with it for a minute before finally answering it. “Hello?”
“Good Evening, Ms. Grey. This is John Walsh, from the police department. I am so sorry for bothering you, but I’ve just been informed that Matthew’s case has been moved up. His hearing will be this Wednesday at two PM and our prosecuting attorney has requested that you and Mr. Parker attend.” My breath caught as I remembered the traumatic events. 
“Will we have to speak?”
He pauses. “Well, we aren’t completely sure. I was just asked to contact you in case the Judge asks for your story… I trust you’ll inform Mr. Parker?”
“Yes, of course.”
He gives me the directions to the court house and hangs up. “We’ve been summoned, haven’t we? They want us to make a statement?” Jay asks.
“Not sure on the statement part, but we will have to be there.”
Jay was not the least bit happy about the current turn of events, but there was nothing we could do. The sooner the trial was over, the sooner I could get back to my life… My life without Matthew and possibly, with Jay…
After the phone call, we all went home. Jay was tired and so was I.
I just wanted to go home, eat supper, and go straight to bed. Sleep sounded nice, at the moment, and when I arrived back at the apartment, I found a little surprise on my doorstep…
A vase of pink roses awaited me.
I smiled, knowing exactly who they were from. I picked them up and unlocked the door, taking them into the kitchen. After I added a little water to them, I noticed a small, handwritten note in the center. I took it out and unfolded it…

Light pink, symbolizing admiration and joy.
I admire your ability to take charge and I congratulate you on your new business venture. I could tell, you were tired today, but you were so happy… It was written all over your face. Being a psychiatrist is what brings you joy and one day, I hope to share that joy with you.
Jay

I knew I was blushing, but this time, I didn’t even bother to hide it. He was the sweetest man I had ever met and I had to thank him. So, I took my phone and sent a request for a video chat. When he accepted, his gorgeous face appeared on my screen. “Okay, I was expecting a text or something, but I have to admit, I like the video chat option.”
I rolled my eyes. “Yeah, yeah. Look what I found awaiting my arrival…” I turned the camera to get a view of the roses. “Now, I just have to know, how in the world did you get here before me?”
He chuckles. “I’ll admit, I cut it pretty close.”
I noticed a pillow in the background. “Jay Parker, are you in bed already?”
“Yep, I have nothing better to do. You’re gone and I don’t work until tomorrow. Might as well sleep while I can… You wouldn’t happen to be bored, would you?”
I cock an eyebrow. “I just got home. Actually, I was planning on doing the same thing. Today really has tuckered me out.”
“Well, just in case you do… You could always come visit me. I have to say, I got a little too comfortable sharing a bed with you.”
 I laugh. “Are you suggesting that you miss me?”
“No, I’m not… I’m telling you.”
I pause. “Maybe one day I’ll take you up on that offer. Anyway, thank you for the roses, they were very thoughtful… I guess, I’ll see you sometime tomorrow?”
He nods. “Five o’ clock sharp and army uniform included.”
I smile. “Night, Jay.”
I click the end button and get ready for bed… When I finally climbed in and pulled the comforter over me, I realized that I kind of missed him too. I had never slept with anyone before, not even Matthew. Jay was the first to ever share a bed with me and I missed it.
That was one perk of living together…


Chapter Twenty-Four
Tuesday came and went in a blink of an eye. Once again, Jay was at work and I was busy. Since I had to be in court the next day, I wasn’t available for patients, so Lisa had to call each of my appointments and reschedule. In the end, I squeezed them in that same day and quickly remembered why I had a patient limit…
It was hectic, but just as Jay had promised, he was there at five o’ clock sharp, army uniform included. We had some time to talk before we decided to call it a night. We were both exhausted and anxious as to what the next day would bring…
When I returned home, I had yet another surprise on my porch. A vase with a single, yellow rose. I could tell this was going to become a habit, but I didn’t mind. It was sweet and it gave me something to look forward to.
Once inside the house, I took out the small card and read,

A single rose, of any color, symbolizes simplicity and gratitude.
I admire your simple lifestyle. We both know your job pays well, yet you certainly don’t act it or flaunt it, and that is something I am grateful for. You are very down to earth, Peyton, and you don’t meet many people around here that are.
I am also grateful that I met you. You certainly are a needle in a haystack, as my Mom used to say. I’m glad you cared enough about me to get my charges dropped, because if you didn’t, I’d likely be in Military Prison, yet again. That would certainly be a devastating outcome as I would have never gotten to know you.
You are quite the woman, Peyton. Let no one tell you any different.

Of course, I had to thank him, so we had another video chat conversation. We talked for what seemed like hours about random things, even Matthew’s case. He assured me that Matthew would get what he deserved and I believed him… 
Jay had yet to fail me and I wasn’t expecting him to anytime soon.

#~#~#~#~#~#

The next morning, I rummaged through my closet, yet again. I wasn’t sure if I’d have to take the stand, but I needed to look decent, just in case. There was absolutely no way I was going to wear a skirt for the second day in a row, so I settled on a pair of black jeans and an army green tunic with matching accessories. It wasn’t too formal nor too casual.
Jay met me at the apartment shortly after I finished getting ready. We had agreed that I would drive to the courthouse and we could ride together. Matthew had been transferred to a different prison, out of town, so it would take a while to get there and there was no sense in driving two vehicles.
Once we were on the interstate, Jay started the conversation. “Huh, would you look at that.” He mutters, looking into his mirror. I had no idea what he was talking about, so I looked back in the rearview mirror and saw my parents’ car, following us.
When I looked back at Jay, he was smiling, looking straight ahead. “So, let me guess, this is, once again, you’re doing? How?” He shrugged. “Oh, come on, Jay, tell me!”
“I just talked to them, okay? That’s it.”
I shook my head. “Nope, you’ve had to have done more than that. My parents and I never got along and then, all of a sudden, they show up at my office, unannounced, and pretend like nothing ever happened. What did you do?”
“I told you, I just talked to them. Besides, remember what I promised you the other day? I said by the time you moved into your house, it would be just like old times and I meant it.”
I asked nothing further. I knew he wouldn’t tell me anyway, so what was the point? The rest of the car ride consisted of my terrible singing and Jay’s cheesy jokes. It doesn’t really sound that interesting, but we had a pretty good time. I knew he was trying to lighten the mood and I was thankful for that. Anxiety was never good but I still had a good feeling about this. Jay’s positive attitude gave me hope and I soon realized he was right, Matthew would get what he deserved…
My parents greeted us in the parking lot and I thanked them for coming. I almost thought I could get something out of them, like how Jay got them here, but I got nothing… And they actually seemed comfortable with Jay, which was a little odd.
Finding the courtroom wasn’t all that difficult and soon, we were seated behind the district attorney. He turned to us and introduced himself. “You must be Mr. Parker and Ms. Grey, it’s nice to finally meet you. I’m Chad Lambert and I’ll be representing you. I know you have been in contact with one of our officers, John Walsh, and I’m sure he’s informed you that I will do my best to keep you off the stand. I am confident we have more than enough evidence to put him away for a very, very long time.”
He seemed sure of himself and I knew John had said he was the best district attorney in the state. It wasn’t long before the bailiff came in and shortly after, Matthew was escorted in by two police officers. He was shackled at the wrists and ankles, with a long chain connecting the two. He looked rough but still quite himself, even in the orange jumpsuit.
I looked down, trying hard not to meet his gaze. Finally, the bailiff spoke, “All rise.” A stalky, middle-aged man entered the courtroom and sat at the Judge’s platform. “You may be seated.”
“Judge Michael Carroll,” he adds, handing a file to the judge. “Case number four twenty-seven. The state of Kentucky against Matthew Meadows.” 
Judge Carroll sighs, taking the file. “Alright, let’s get moving.” He skims over the paperwork. “Whoa, wasn’t expecting all of this. Okay, Mr. Meadows, you plead not guilty to assault with a deadly weapon, burglary, two cases of arson, harassment, vandalism, and three attempted murder charges.” He takes a sarcastic breath. “And you please not guilty, is that correct?”
Matthew’s lawyer replies. “Yes, your honor.”
“Alright, Mr. Lambert, I give you the floor.”
He nods and stands, walking to a projector to the left of the courtroom. “Just a few, short years ago, Mr. Meadows was involved with one of his coworkers. Eventually, they were engaged and not long after, Mr. Meadows was caught cheating. My client broke off the engagement but continued working for the suspect in his clinic. As the years passed, Mr. Meadows attempted to regain her trust and after realizing she was no longer interested, he became furious.”
He, then, went on to discuss Jay’s involvement and the first encounter. “After the parking lot incident, things began to heat up. Mr. Meadows continued to attempt to talk to my client but found no interest. He even showed up at her home on the evening of August 29th and tried to talk with her but she managed to shut him down. Not long afterward, my client left the home and returned to find this scene…” Using a remote, he switched the slides on the projector. Pictures of my wrecked house flashed across the screen and when he showed the bed and note, everyone in the courtroom gasped. It was a gruesome scene and for a minute, I refused to look at it.
I will not relive this part of my life.
Not now, not later, not ever.
“Matthew’s DNA was everywhere and it was obvious it wasn’t planned out. The suspect was quite drunk when he was arrested and his blood, alcohol levels are listed in the paperwork.” While the judge looked through the reports, Mr. Lambert continued and went through the story of the hit man. “Not only did my client lose her home, but she lost much more. Even the man that tried to help her lost his home because of this man. They deserve to have justice served and I hope the jury makes the right decision.”
The judge looked back to Matthew. “Anything you’d like to add?”
“No, your honor.” His lawyer muttered, sitting back down.
“The court will go into recess as the jury makes-”
One of the men stands, “We’ve already made our decision, your honor.”
“Alright, go on.”
The pause was probably just a part of my imagination, but it seemed like forever before he spoke again… “We find the suspect guilty of all charges.”
The entire courtroom erupted in applause as Judge Carroll tried to regain peace. “Order in the court! Order in the court!” He stated, slamming the gavel on the desk. Jay and I couldn’t help but smile and for a minute, I thought I was going to cry of relief. “Now, according to Kentucky state laws, I sentence you, Matthew Meadows, to life in prison without the option of parole. The court is adjourned.”
Once the judge had exited the room, Matthew was quickly escorted out a back entrance. He’d better enjoy the ride back to the prison, it’d be the last time he sees light again for a long time…
We couldn’t get back to the car quick enough, everyone was so excited that we had won the case, my parents even offered to take us all out to dinner, their treat. Of course, we took them up on their offer and on our way to the restaurant, I finally got up enough nerve to ask Jay something.
“So, you know how you said we wouldn’t move forward in a relationship until I was ready?” He was definitely not expecting it and I could tell he was at a loss for words. “I’m ready. Matthew’s part of my life is done and I’m ready to start something new.”
It took him a minute to reply. “Are you sure?”
I nod. “Positive. Looks like you need to plan a first date, eh?”
He smiles. “Already a step ahead of you, sweetheart.”


Chapter Twenty-Five
Jay’s Point of View

Peyton had no idea what I had planned and I hoped to keep it that way. If she asked me once, I bet she asked me a thousand times and I wasn’t going to give in. Granted, my last idea failed miserably, but this time, that wasn’t going to happen.
Not only did I want this first date to be special for us, but I wanted it to have a deeper meaning, something that she would, no doubt, remember forever. And with a little help from two good friends of mine, I had created just that.
“Peyton? What is taking you so long?” I yell up the stairs.
“I’m coming!” Soon, she greets me at the door. “I’m ready.”
I roll my eyes. “It’s about time,” I add, before stepping aside and allowing her to go first. I made sure the apartment was locked up before meeting her at my truck. She seems excited but I could tell she was a little anxious. “There is no need to be nervous. I assure you, guns are not involved this time.”
She chuckles as we pull out onto the road. “That’s very reassuring… So, where are we going? Indoors? Outdoors?” She mutters random questions.
I shake my head. “You’ll see soon enough.”
She pestered me the entire way there. Even attempting to guess multiple times, she didn’t guess correctly, but I wouldn’t have told her even if she did. When we pulled up to Jacobson Park, she was really confused.
“Remember this place?” I ask, trying to jog her memory.
She nods. “My parents and I used to come here every weekend and have a picnic. After we ate, my Dad and I would go fishing at the lake while Mom sat at the shore and knitted… Why are we here?”
I parked just past the entrance and got out of the truck. Peyton followed me, unsure of what the date actually was. I decided to let the scene speak for itself and kept my mouth shut. Finally, we walked up on the picnic.
Peyton’s parents sat at the table. Her mom had placed multiple types of food in the center and her dad’s fishing equipment lay beside them on the ground. She looked back at me, “This was your idea?” I could tell by the smile on her face that I had done the right thing.
I nod. “I talked to your mom the other day and asked about your favorite place as a child. She told me the same story you just did. They promised to keep it a secret until I brought you here and I promised you that I would get your parents back before you moved in and I’m keeping that promise.”
“What are y’all waiting on? The food’s gonna get cold.” David invited us over and I had to say, when I first met him, he kind of bothered me. He refused to believe anything Peyton said and so did Charlotte. I thought they were a sorry excuse for parents, but I was wrong. They just wanted what was best for Peyton and over the past couple days, I had really seen that side of them. Normally, I wouldn’t have gotten involved, but I did promise Peyton and I was a man of my word.
The picnic went off without a hitch. We talked the whole time and to my surprise, David actually started questioning me like a normal dad would do, and Charlotte even got in on the fun. After the picnic, David took us out on his boat and I held back a little and allowed Peyton some time alone with him. I had never seen her this happy before and for a little while, I couldn’t help but pat myself on the back.
Peyton was finally getting what she wanted and she deserved it…
As it began to get dark, we all said goodbye. I took Peyton home and she even let me come in for a few minutes. “Well, sit down. Gez, you act like you’re in a strange place.” She chuckles, nodding toward the couch.
I sat down and waited for her to return. When she did, she joined me and smiled. “I have to admit, that was very sneaky and there was no way, in a million years, I’d ever guess our first date would be with my parents. But thank you, I really needed that time with them.”
I nod. “So, does that mean I get a second date?”
She grins. “I think you’re worthy of another date.”
“Yes! Jay scores!” She knew I was joking but it was funny to see her expression. “You know, I’ve been thinking…”
She groans. “Oh boy.”
I look back to her. “What? Am I not allowed to think?”
“No, but every time you say that I usually get put in a rough situation.”
I ignored her comment. “I was wondering, if you’d like, maybe you could move back in with me? You’d be closer to work and we could spend more time together…”
She seemed unsure. “I don’t know… I’ll have-”
I knew what she was going to say before she said it, so I decided to give her a chance to rethink the possibility… I pulled her closer to me and gently brought her lips to mine. My intention was to let her rethink the situation, but I didn’t expect an answer so quickly.
“Fine, but I’m still keeping the apartment, just in case.”
I chuckled. “I thought you might change your mind.”
“Yeah, yeah. I’ll move my clothes back before work tomorrow.”
“Ah, yes. Well, I guess, I’ll be going home. Seems like I got my wish… Starting tomorrow I’ll get you back in bed.” I paused. “That came out wrong-”
She laughs. “I know what you meant. Now, goodnight.”
I kissed her goodbye and left. I made a quick stop by the store and returned about an hour later. She didn’t know I was right outside and I wanted to keep it that way. I sat in the truck and wrote a note…

Red roses symbolize love.
Yes, just the color you’ve been waiting for and you can’t tell me any different… Each day I have come to know you, I have grown to love you more and more. You are a strong, independent woman and even though sometimes, you get on my nerves with your stubbornness, I could never love you any less.
I never thought I could care about anyone more than I cared about Holly but you’ve proven me wrong. Holly is part of my past and I’ll always love her… Do you know why?
Because she brought me to you.
Jay

I folded the note and stuck it in the center of the bouquet. I quickly left it on her porch, rang the doorbell, and hid in the bushes. She, finally, opened the door. I could tell she was smiling as she picked them up, looking around the parking lot. “I’m going to have a rose garden by the end of the week if you keep this up.” She laughs.
“A rose garden would never be enough…”

Chapter Twenty-Six
The following morning, I woke up an hour earlier and got ready for the day. Thankfully, it was Friday, which meant at five o’ clock this evening, I had Jay all to myself. I was definitely ready for the weekend to get here, especially after everything that had happened this week. With all the new patients and the office, not to mention Matthew’s case and my parents, I had really been busy.
Once I was ready to go, I made use of the extra time by packing my things. I wasn’t bringing everything, just the things that were necessary and by the time I was finished, I had about three suitcases of items.
Before leaving the apartment, I sent Jay a text to let him know I was on my way and then I was off. Granted, I was only about ten minutes away, but it made me think more and more about my dream house. How would it feel to wake up in the morning and walk across the yard to work? It would definitely be a change, but I was so excited. I couldn’t imagine how quickly the transition would go but I was certainly hoping Kyle and the guys could put a rush order on the house.
When I pulled up to Jay’s truck, the sun was peeking through the mountains. I had to admit, I was excited to be back, not only because of Jay but because of the beauty of nature. The hustle and bustle of the city just wasn’t my cup of tea and even though I was thankful for the apartment I had, it was nothing compared to this.
“Right on time,” Jay adds, opening the car door for me.
“I’m never late...”
Before he was able to respond, our attention was gained by a semi turning in the driveway. It was headed done the gravel path toward the office. “Wonder what Kyle’s ordered now?” I mutter under my breath.
He chuckles. “There’s only one way to find out.”
Without another word, we headed down the path hand-in-hand. When the house came into view, it looked just as it did yesterday. The foundation was laid, the walls were up on the first story but not the second.
By this time, Kyle was talking to the truck driver and instructing him on where to park. When he saw us, he excused himself and met us behind the truck. “What’s up, guys?”
“We were just wondering what you were up to,” Jay adds.
He smiles, looking at me. “I’ve got some good news for you. That truck just brought the rest of my lumber, so we should be finished framing the house by the end of the day. Tomorrow, I’m gonna have the guys come out and start on the roof, then we’ll be working on the insulation and drywall by Tuesday if everything goes as planned.”
“Wow, you really are working fast.”
“We’re doing our best to have you moved in by the end of winter, maybe even sooner, depending on how the weather cooperates.”
Jay responds. “Keep up the good work. We’ll see you later.”
With that, he tugged me toward the office. “So, meet me at the house after you finish up here and we’ll go on our second date, okay?”
“What about my stuff? I left everything in the car.”
“I have a little while before I have to leave. I’ll get everything out and put away before I go.  I should be home by the time you get back, but if I’m not, get ready and wait.” Without another word, he kissed me goodbye and left.
As for me, I unlocked the office and got ready for the day. Lisa showed up not long after I arrived and I went ahead and wrote a check for her pay this week. She had actually expected to be paid every two weeks but I decided to make it every week since it was more convenient for us both.
I was horrible about remembering things anyway.
Not long after that, patients began arriving for their appointments and I remained lost in conversation the rest of the day. As always, I barely had enough time for lunch but I didn’t mind. Being a psychiatrist was my dream job, and surprisingly, I enjoyed helping other people. Work wasn’t a chore, it was who I was…

#~#~#~#~#~#

Before I knew it, five o’ clock came and once Lisa headed out for the weekend, so did I. After locking up, I headed up the path toward the house. I couldn’t wait to get back and see where our mysterious second date was located. I thought of every seemingly possible location but none of them seemed to fit Jay’s thought process.
I was stumped.
When I reached the driveway, I noticed Jay was home and we seemed to have a visitor. A black Honda Civic sat beside my Mustang and I quickly rattled my brain to see if the car was familiar, but it wasn’t.
I thought nothing of it, expecting it to be someone from the base or at least, someone Jay knew, but I felt that was unlikely. Still, I let myself in and found Jay standing in the kitchen. A tall, stalky man with dark hair, stood in front of him at the bar.
He turned to look at me, “Ah, you must be Peyton, the girl Jay saved in the newspapers. It’s nice to finally meet you.” He extended his hand and I hesitated before complying. Jay seemed uneasy, making me wonder who I was talking to.
“And you are?” I ask, carefully.
“Oh, I’m sorry. Allow me to introduce myself. I’m Richard Burk, Jay’s Father.” My heart sank to the floor. Richard Burk? I had never heard his name before and I was sure Jay had told me that his biological father wanted nothing to do with him when his mother died…
I could see that Jay was angry but also curious and confused. For the first time in a long time, I didn’t know what to say. “Uh, we have other plans tonight… Can you come back some other time?”
He nods. “Perhaps tomorrow? I know you are angry with me, son, but I really do want to explain, if you’ll let me.”
Finally, my brain kicked in and I decided to answer for Jay. “Well, we don’t have anything planned, so maybe around lunch?”
He smiles. “That’s fine with me.”
“Good, we’ll see you then.”
I knew when Jay said it, it sounded like some other time in twenty years but I knew his mind wouldn’t rest until he figured out why his father had left him. And maybe by tomorrow, he’d actually be calm enough to listen…


Chapter Twenty-Seven
The shock of Jay’s father showing up settled over us both.
I would have expected anyone but him. I mean, it had been over thirty years. What made him show up all of a sudden? If anything, I would have expected him to show up when Jay’s adoptive parents died, but definitely not now.
Being a psychiatrist really put a damper on my relationships. Last night, after Richard left, I could tell Jay was distressed and it was so hard to keep the Doctor side of me at rest. I needed to remain that friend that Jay so desperately desired. At first, I tried talking to him but he shut me out. I knew this would be hard for him but I also knew that his father’s presence haunted him more and more each day. He longed for that relationship even though he didn’t understand why.
Needless to say, our date was delayed since Jay locked himself in his room the rest of the night. It wasn’t until around midnight when he finally unlocked the door and allowed me to come to bed. He didn’t speak and although I was fighting with my logical side, I knew it was best to leave him alone right now. He needed to figure this out for himself and maybe, by tomorrow, he would have the answers he needed to move on.

The next morning, we both slept in. I even had to get him up so he would look decent by the time Richard got here. Granted, it took him some time, but he finally looked like the casual Jay I had remembered before the army uniform came into play.
“I can go to the office if you’d like? I probably need to clean a bit before Monday anyway and I should probably check on Kyle and see how the roof is going…” That was the first thing I had said to him since Richard left and I wondered if he would even answer me.
He looked at me, almost as if, he was surprised. “Why?”
And now, I was confused. “Why what?”
“Why would I want you to leave?”
I shrug. “I don’t know, just thought I would ask…”
“You’re the only thing that keeps me sane. I’d rather you stay and actually, if you feel it necessary, be the psychiatrist you are.” Every word that came out of his mouth surprised me more and more. He had never given me permission to do my job outside of work…
“Are you sure?”
He nods. “Ask questions, I don’t mind. You know me better than anyone if I fail to ask a question, bring it up. I don’t expect you to sit in the corner and pretend like you don’t hear anything. If I’m going to be a part of your life, assuming that I kind of already am, then you have a right to know as much about him as I do.”
I didn’t have a chance to reply, as the doorbell rang, interrupting our conversation. Jay stood behind the bar in the kitchen and pretended to be busy as I answered the door. “Peyton, nice to see you again.” He was dressed much more casual than the day before, although, his dark hair was placed just the same.
I allowed him to enter as he walked toward Jay. “I’m actually surprised you’re here. I thought I would show up to a deserted house.” He attempted to joke, but Jay was in no mood. He simply crossed his arms and looked from Richard to me. “Look, son, I know you’re upset with me and you have every right to be… Just let me explain?” It was almost a question as he awaited Jay’s response.
“I’m listening,” Jay muttered under his breath.
“Your mother and I met in middle school. She was shy and I was the jock. I tried and tried talking to her but she shut me out. It wasn’t until high school when she finally spoke to me… I loved your mother very much, she was an incredible woman and we began dating freshman year.” He took a deep breath. “A year later we were alone after school one day at her house. Her parents had left to run errands and well, one thing led to another. That’s how you came about…”
I could tell Jay was becoming very uncomfortable and I knew if Richard didn’t get to the point quickly, he would lose his opportunity. “Um, I think Jay’s more interested in why you left when you did…”
“We were only sixteen and when your mother died in childbirth, I couldn’t raise you on my own. It was a very small town and my father was the mayor. Somehow, he managed to keep you a secret from everyone while your mother was pregnant. The only people that knew was my parents and hers. She did most of her schooling at home and kept out of the public eye as much as possible until you were born. To answer your question, I didn’t want to give you up. I was forced.”
Jay finally spoke. “So, you mean to tell me that my grandfather sent his own grandson away to avoid being judged by the town?”
“I know it sounds bad, but to be honest, I never liked him. He was controlling and at the time, there was nothing I could do like I said, I was only sixteen.”
I decided to interrupt. “If that’s true, why didn’t you show up later on?”
He sighs. “I wasn’t allowed to retrieve who had adopted you until I was twenty-one. I didn’t get up enough nerve until I was twenty-five. You had just turned nine and the adoption service had allowed me to see some pictures of your birthday party. I saw how happy you were with Annie and Charles and I just couldn’t intervene… By the way, how are they? I would love to meet them sometime.” He seemed genuine and I could tell that hit Jay hard.
Jay walked toward the front door but stopped and looked back at him. “Do you want to know about me?” He nods. “Fine. Mom and Dad couldn’t have kids on their own so they adopted me. I was the only child and they always took good care of me. When I graduated high school, I helped Dad run a mill he owned. Two years later, our house caught on fire and they died. After they passed, the mill closed and I was out of work. I joined the army and left this old town behind. Years later, I finally found happiness with a girl named Holly. She was in my unit and against army rule, we married secretly. Earlier this year, our base camp was invaded. As the Captain, I saved as many people as I could but when I started accounting for everyone, Holly was missing. I disobeyed direct orders and went back for her.”
He paused, giving Richard time to catch up. “Oh, son, I’m so sorry.”
“She was alive but severely injured. Somehow, I carried her to our new location but it was too late. She bled to death an hour later… I was arrested and sent to military prison for disobeying that order but not long ago, the judge gave me a choice. I could stay or go free, but I had to see a psychiatrist and that is how Peyton and I came to be. And that Dad is the sorry excuse for the life I’ve had. I hope you have enjoyed my sob story as much as I enjoyed yours.”
Jay slammed the door as he exited the house. When I looked back at Richard, I could tell he was sorry and a part of me felt bad for him, but I knew before he spoke to Jay again, he really had to understand him…
His entire life had consisted of warfare.
Maybe that was why the army fit him so well.


Chapter Twenty-Eight
Richard was completely oblivious when it came to Jay. He was very much to himself and I was lucky to even get through to him to begin with, but there was still a lot of hurt with him and I knew, as his friend, I had to fix it. Before, we couldn’t move on until I got over Matthew. Now, we can’t until Jay let’s go of his past…
“Aren’t you going to go after him?” Richard asks with solemn eyes.
I shake my head. “If there’s one thing you need to know about Jay, it’s that you don’t go after him when he’s upset. Just give him some time. He’ll be okay.” I nod toward the bar stool as Richard takes a seat. I continue to stand behind the bar as I prepare my upcoming lecture.
“I feel like I was talking to a complete stranger…” He mutters.
I nod. “You were… Jay has a hard time letting people in, especially after all that’s happened to him. Your son has never had an easy life. He struggled to keep his humanity and to be honest, I’m surprised he has any left.”
He pauses. “So, you know him because he saved you?”
“I guess you could say that… A couple months ago, when Jay was sentenced to psychiatric sessions, he became my patient. At first, I was beginning to wonder if I could help him. Like I said, he has a hard time letting people in. Once he met the guy from my previous relationship, he realized that in ways, I was just like him. And that’s how we came to know each other.”
“Are you still his psychiatrist?”
I shake my head. “No, I went to the court and appealed their sentencing. The only reason he was seeing me was because they had misdiagnosed him with post-traumatic stress disorder. Turned out, there was nothing mentally wrong with him. He was simply grieving over the loss of his wife.”
He sighs, trying to take everything in. “Do you think he’ll ever give me a chance?”
I shrug. “I have no idea but I believe if we both try, we may get him to hear you out. Jay seems to listen if I tell him something so just tell me whatever you want to say and I’ll see what I can do.”
He seemed surprised. “You’re willing to help me?”
“Mr. Burke, I believe you are most of Jay’s problem. His tendency to shut people out and his anger management problems both lead to you. He’s been upset with you for so long, he doesn’t know how to channel that anger.”
I could tell he felt guilty, the look on his face said it all. Suddenly, it was almost like a light bulb had gone off. “Hey, why don’t you mentor us? You know, as a psychiatrist and all. Maybe if we were in a different setting-”
“I don’t know. I’m not really allowed to work with anyone I’m involved with.” That was true. That was the reason I quit being Jay’s psychiatrist in the first place.
“What if it were behind the scenes? Like a friend helping a friend?”
He wasn’t going to give up. “I’ll think about it, okay? Now, is there anything you want me to tell him?” I had officially opened myself up to being the messenger but I still wasn’t sure about the mentor thing.
“Tell him that even though I haven’t been around, I’m still his father and according to what I’ve learned, I’m the only family he has left. I would really like to get to know him, he is my son. I know I’ll never get to make up for the years I’ve lost with him, but I can stop those years from accumulating.”
I nod. “I’ll tell him.”
“Thank you for hearing me out. I’m glad he has someone like you.” He smiles and heads toward the door. “I left my number on the table, let me know what happens.” And with that, he was gone.
I watched as his car drove away and noticed that Jay’s truck was still here. I figured he would have left, but apparently, he was somewhere on the farm. Like I told Richard, I knew better than to go after him. He would come back when he wanted to and I was wise enough to give him the time he needed.
As I waited for Jay to return, I sat at the bar and entered Richard’s number into my phone. I knew if I didn’t, I’d end up losing it and now wasn’t the time for me to be forgetful. Shortly after Richard had left, Jay came back. I had expected him to go the bedroom, but he didn’t. Instead, he sat beside me at the bar. “What’d he say?”
I took a deep breath. “He wants me to think about mentoring you guys. He thinks I can help you both be a family again.”
He shakes his head. “We were never a family.”
“He wanted me to tell you that he would really like to get to know you and even though he can’t take back the years he’s lost, he doesn’t want to lose anymore. He’s the only family you have left.”
He turned to me with pleading eyes. “You’re taking up for him?”
I knew this was coming and I was prepared. “Who stood up to my parents? Who made them understand that I wasn’t to blame for all that had happened?” I pause. “You. It was you who said no one should go through life without their family if they can help it… Richard is here, Jay. He wants to get to know you and I know you have issues with him but give him a chance. You only have one biological father. Don’t let him leave here without talking to him.”
“Peyton, I know nothing about him. I don’t know where he lives, what his job is if he’s married… I know nothing. He’s just another stranger to me.”
“A stranger whose blood runs through your veins and that’s more than enough reason to hear him out. Get to know him, Jay. This may be your only chance…” I stood and walked toward the bedroom.
“Remember when I told you to be the friend, not the psychiatrist?” He mutters.
I nod. “Yes.”
“Thank you for being that.”
I smiled as I left the room. I didn’t like to lecture him but I knew if Richard left again, he may never come back. And there was always a chance that one day, Jay may get the call… The call that says, “I’m sorry, Mr. Parker, but your father has died.”
I’ve seen it happen way too many times and I don’t want Jay to regret his decision later on. He deserves a family and I will do my best to make sure he gets that.

Chapter Twenty-Nine
After my little discussion with Jay, we both agreed that I would do my best to help him with his dad. We could go to the office and talk it out but I wouldn’t be paid. Therefore, I wasn’t breaking any rules. When I called Richard and told him the news, he was so relieved. He thanked me several times but I couldn’t take the credit. This was between him and Jay, I was simply the messenger and that was all I’d ever be.
We agreed to meet at my office the next morning and I’d be lying if I told you I wasn’t the slightest bit nervous. I had warned Richard to be careful, the littlest thing could set Jay off and I hoped he’d listen. Sunday morning came rather quickly and by ten, Jay and I met Richard at my office. “This is a really nice place, Peyton,” Richard adds as he follows us to the back.
“Thank you, I haven’t been here long but I’ve really warmed up to it.” I nod to some chairs in front of my desk as we all sit-down. “Now, for the ground rules. If someone is talking, no one interrupts them, unless it’s me, of course. If you feel things are getting out of hand, simply walk outside and cool off. Got it?” They both nod. “Good… Each person will get to ask questions and no matter what the question, you must answer. Secrets will only make things worse. I’ll begin with Richard… Are you married?”
He nods. “Yes, I married my wife almost twenty-five years ago. We have two children together, Ethan and Evan.” I glanced at Jay, wondering how he would take the news. He seemed curious so I allowed him to ask the next question.
“How old are they?”
“Twenty-three and twenty-one. Ethan is married and he and his wife just had our first grandchild, Eva. Evan just got engaged a couple months ago.”
Jay seemed to be receiving the information well, something I had not expected. I mean, he had just met his father, whom he knew nothing about, now he’s learned he has a step-mother, two step-brothers, and even a niece. “Richard, do you have something to ask Jay?”
He nods. “Would you like to meet them? They are anxiously awaiting my phone call.” That seemed to catch us both off guard and almost in a good way.
“They know about me and they aren’t upset?” Jay asks.
Richard shakes his head. “Of course, they aren’t upset. My wife has known since she married me and she’s been dying to meet you ever since. So have the kids. They would love to meet their big brother.”
“Uh, Richard, do they live around here?” I ask.
“Well, no. We live in South Carolina. My wife and I own a hotel on the beach. I would be honored if you both come out and visit. You would love it!” As I jotted down the new facts I had learned, I could barely keep up. There were so many things we had learned about Richard just in a few minutes, imagine what we could learn in an hour?
“I don’t know… Maybe next summer or something.” Jay adds, looking back at me. I knew he was uncomfortable but meeting his family wasn’t a bad thing. They may actually be nice people. After all, Richard had certainly shocked us so far.
“Actually, I think that’s a good idea.” I couldn’t believe what I had said out loud and I think Jay had the same feeling so I turned my attention to him. “Give me one good reason why we can’t go.”
He didn’t even hesitate. “You go back to work tomorrow and so do I.”
Richard intervenes. “Then you can fly out Friday night and stay the weekend.”
I nod. “Fine with me.”
“I’ll go tell the family the news! Excuse me.” Richard stands and exits my office, allowing Jay and I some time to talk. He remained quiet until he knew Richard was far enough away.
“What happened to our deal?” He asks sternly.
“I don’t recall a deal.”
He sighs. “This was supposed to be on friendly terms. You just let the Doctor side of you take over. You didn’t even let me talk.”
I shake my head. “I’m still the friend, Jay. You did talk and I really think if you would just go and meet them, you wouldn’t regret it. What do you have to lose?” He knew I had a point, even though he wouldn’t admit it. “Look, if we go and you don’t like them for whatever reason, then we’ll come back here and move on. But at least you won’t have to live with regret.”
He remained silent for a moment. “Fine.”
 I smile. “You just can’t say no to me, can you?”
“Not even if I tried.”
When Richard returned, he rambled on and on about how excited everyone was and how his wife had already booked us the best suite in the hotel. You could tell he really loved his family and oh, how I hoped this would all go over well. Jay was alone and he needed to feel wanted in a family. Even though we had our differences, I think this was one thing we could agree on.
Family was the most important thing in the world. The love created within a group of people is like no other. Jay, himself, had taught me that and I planned to use that lesson to help him now. “You know, maybe this isn’t such a bad idea after all,” Jay adds as we head back up to the house. “When you think about it, it could kind of be like a little weekend getaway… And I think it could just make up for the sad excuse of a first date we had.”
I chuckle. “Oh, really?”
He nods. “Yep and I have a feeling it may not be as bad as I thought… A luxury suite in a nice hotel… On the beach… And you.”
I shake my head. “You’re certainly full of yourself, you know… But we still have a couple days before we can fly out so your little fantasy will just have to wait.”
“It’ll be here sooner than you think…”
I hoped he was right. The idea of traveling with Jay gave me butterflies, in a good way of course. He was different than any other man I had ever met and to think he started as my patient… 
It just seemed unreal.
How could I get this lucky?


Chapter Thirty
When Jay said that it would be here sooner rather than later, he wasn’t kidding. We had both been so busy with work, we barely even got a decent conversation in before falling asleep. We were both so tired and honestly, I couldn’t wait to get out of the state. I could finally have some peace and quiet.
Friday came before we knew it and as soon as I had finished with my last patient, I was gone. I drove by the house and picked up Jay. Thankfully, we had packed that morning, so everything was already in the car. It took us a good thirty minutes to get to the airport and another forty minutes to get through security. I just knew we’d miss our flight but we didn’t. As soon as we boarded, the terminal closed. We were just in time.
“Are you nervous?” Jay asks as we settle into our seats.
I glance at him. “Should I be?”
“Well, no, I guess not…”
I smile. “Jay, you’ll be fine. We’ve been over this. If they turn out to be some creepy, jacked up family, we’ll get our things and stay somewhere else. No big deal.” I tried to assure him but I knew nothing I could say would make this any easier. He was going to meet the family he never knew and sadly, nothing could prepare him for that.
“I wonder what his wife looks like… Do you think she’s some twenty-year-old blonde?” I had no idea where this came from but I knew it was just because of his nerves.
“I highly doubt Richard is one of those guys and besides, he told you he’d been married to her for over twenty years. She’s got to be around his age.”
He nods. “Right, I forgot.”
Since the plane ride was only a little over an hour, we took the time to get in a quick cat nap. And quick was definitely the word for it. Before we knew it, we had landed and everyone was exiting the plane…
Before we could meet Richard out front, we had to get our luggage and that seemed to have taken forever. First, they lost Jay’s and when they found his, they couldn’t find mine. Needless to say, Jay was not a happy camper. “Get over yourself before you meet them,” I mutter as we walk up to Richard.
He smiles. “You made it! Wonderful!” I could tell he was excited. “Let me take those for you.” He gathers our things and takes them to a car near the airport entrance. I couldn’t help but notice that it was a BMW and I had a feeling Jay had noticed as well. “We’d better get a move on. The family can’t wait to meet you both.”
We all piled in the car as Richard babbled on about the hotel’s history. He told us that he had bought the hotel shortly after he and his wife, Clarissa, married. The hotel was among the top ten in Myrtle Beach and it had won numerous awards throughout the years.
Soon, we pulled up to a tall building. After Richard parked, Jay and I got out and looked around. The hotel was huge, at least fifteen stories high and it featured tons of windows to accompany the gorgeous view! Richard was right, the hotel was certainly on the beach. If you stepped off the parking lot, you would be standing on sand.
As we walked up to the front door, I noticed the sign out front.
Crystal Waters Hotel & Spa.
“I have to say, you’ve really outdone yourself,” I add.
Richard chuckles. “Just wait until you see the inside.”
When we walked through the giant glass doors, all you could see was blue. The lobby was decorated with seashells and models of sailboats. It was seriously the cutest thing I had ever seen but yet very elegant…
A line of people awaited our entrance. “Everybody, this is Jay and Peyton,” Richard adds, handing off our things to a bellboy. “Guys,” He turns to us. “This is my wife, Clarissa,” He points to a woman at the beginning of the line. She was short with gray hair and she was also very well dressed. “That’s my eldest son, Ethan and that’s his wife, Olivia, and their daughter, Eva.” I saw some resemblance between Ethan and Jay, but not much. He was tall but not quite as muscular. He still had dark brown hair and brown eyes. His wife was the same. Same hair and eye color but a little plumper than I had expected. Of course, she did just have a baby.
“And that’s my youngest son, Evan and his fiancé, Sarah.” If I didn’t know better, I would have sworn that Evan and Ethan were twins but I knew Richard had told me that they were two years apart.
“Nice to meet you,” I add and smile politely.
They seemed nice and like Richard had said, really excited to meet Jay. Speaking of which, he had yet to say one word. I lightly elbowed him. “Nice to meet you all.” He mutters, nervously.
Richard interrupts. “Well, since it’s late, why don’t we get y’all up to your room. We can catch up at breakfast.” He reaches over the receptionists’ desk and gets a card. “Follow me.”
We walk down a hallway and reach the elevator. We headed up to the tenth floor and once we had arrived, Richard took us to room 1020, the presidential suite. I was excited to see what the room looked like, I mean, after all, Richard did say that his wife booked us the best room in the hotel. “This is your key. If you need anything at all, please feel free to call the receptionist. She has been informed of your arrival and can accommodate your needs at any time. Your bags should already be inside and I will see you first thing in the morning for breakfast.”
I thanked him for his hospitality before he left. “Well, open it!” Jay was leaning on the door casing, just holding the key. He laughed and finally stuck the card into the slot, making a low beeping noise.
Finally, the door opened.
Jay stepped back and let me go first. “Wow,” was all I could say. The room was of elegant décor and featured a king size canopy bed in the center of the room. The walls were painted a crème color and the bed was dressed in silks. French doors led out to our own private balcony and to the right of that, was our bathroom and it was just as extravagant as the rest of the suite. “Dang, dad has class…” Jay mutters, taking in the sites.
I couldn’t help but laugh. “That he does! Can you believe this place?”
He shakes his head. “It’s pretty awesome…”
I flopped onto the bed and sighed. “Oh. My. God.” Jay chuckles. “This has to be in my house… I. Need. This. Bed.” I turn to Jay. “Do you think he’d tell me where he got all this? I’d really like to order some things.”
“I’m sure he would and you can ask him tomorrow… But right now,” He smiles and lays beside of me. “We have plans…”

Chapter Thirty-One
I woke to the sound of a phone ringing.
Why must I be interrupted? I felt as if I was sleeping like the dead. I turned over and reached for the bedside phone. “Hello?” I mutter sleepily.
“Good morning, Ms. Grey. This is just a call to remind you that breakfast is waiting for you and Mr. Parker in the dining hall.” A friendly voice said.
I sigh. “Yes, of course. Thank you.”
I hung up the phone and turned to Jay. He was also sleeping soundly and I hated to wake him. But his family was waiting and we really did need to get downstairs… I decided to get ready first and wake him later.
Being as quiet as I could, I hurried into the bathroom and took a quick shower. After blow drying my hair and applying my makeup, I was ready to go. I checked myself in the mirror, tidying my clothes and then went over to Jay. I shook him lightly. “It’s breakfast time.”
He grumbled and turned over.
I shook him again. “Jay! Get up!” He ignored me once more and I had to admit, I was getting aggravated. So, I took a pillow from my side of the bed and began hitting him in the head. “Get! Up!” I shouted as he finally sat up.
“Must you hit me? Is that really necessary?” He adds.
I chuckle. “You had your chances, now get ready. Our breakfast awaits.” I sat lazily on a chair against the wall. He sighed before getting up and dragging a suitcase into the bathroom. I knew it wouldn’t take him long so I decided to check my phone for any messages. I did have a few from Lisa, regarding some patients of mine that had been admitted to the hospital.
Luckily, I answered them all and just in time too. I had just hit the send button on the last message when Jay came out of the bathroom dressed and ready to go. “You got the key?” I ask and walk toward the door.
“Yep.” He answers.
We walked toward the elevator but quickly noticed a crowd of people. “Apparently everybody’s going to breakfast…” Jay mutters. I look around for another exit and see the stairs. I smirk and turn back to him.
“Loser has to make the winner breakfast in bed for a week starting Monday… Race ya!” I push the door open and start running down the stairs.
“Hey! That’s ten flights of stairs! I’m too old for this!” I could tell Jay was annoyed but I could also tell he was smiling. I couldn’t help but laugh.
“Ha! Old? Really? Besides, I’d hate to tell everybody that a sad little Doctor beat out an army guy in a race.” That really got under his skin and I could tell he picked up the pace. But he was no match for me. I was smaller than him and thanks to my head start, I won.
I was waiting for him at the bottom. “I’ll make it two weeks if you don’t tell anyone about this.” He breathed heavily.
Just what I wanted to hear. “My lips are sealed.”
Once we found the dining room, we fixed ourselves a plate along with the other guests. “Guys, over here!” I saw Evan peeking out of a door off to the side. Jay and I walked over and entered a private room. “This is for business meetings but dad thought it would be a good place for us this morning.”
Everyone was gathered around a large table along with their food. There was a spot open for Jay and I in the middle. Once we sat down, the series of questions began. “So, you work for the army?” Evan asks, taking a bite of his eggs.
Jay nods. “Yes, I’m a Captain in the special forces.”
Evan’s eyes light up. “Really?”
Richard interrupts. “Evan has always been interested in the army, haven’t you son?”
“Yeah! I was even in ROTC in high school. I loved every minute of it.”
It went silent for a moment before Evan’s fiancée, Sarah, spoke. “Peyton, Richard said that you were a psychiatrist?” I nod. “I’m actually in college now. I’m working toward a degree in psychology as well. What do you specialize in?”
“Mostly mental illnesses in adults but I also do some grief counseling.”
She smiles. “That’s what I’m hoping to do as well but hopefully with children.” I could tell she was a nice person and even though this was the only time I had spoken to her, I knew she would make a great psychiatrist.
I turn to Richard. “I have to say, this is the nicest hotel I’ve ever been in. You and your wife have really outdone yourself.” I was hoping to get Clarissa talking and as I had suspected, she jumped in.
“Well, thank you, dear. Richard and I have worked on this place for nearly two decades. But you know what they say, hard work pays off.” She smiled and continued with her food.
Jay was uncomfortable but I could tell he was relaxing a bit. “So, dad said that you had been on a couple tours in the army. Where have you been stationed?” Ethan speaks up.
Jay sighs. “Uh, Iran, Afghanistan, Iraq, Germany…” 
“All those places?” He seemed kind of shocked. “How long have you been in the armed forces?” It was rare to stay with the army for so long, but I didn’t think it was that surprising…
“Almost twelve years.”
We finished our breakfast in silence and once we were finished, Evan revealed some news. “Jay, if you and Peyton don’t have any plans, we were hoping that you would come out to the gun range with us. It would just be you, dad, and us two.” He nods to Ethan.
I could tell Jay got a little excited. “We’d love to.”
I pat him on the back. “I think I’ll let you take this one solo, babe. Every time we get together with guns, it just doesn’t go well.” He chuckled. “But think of it as a father and son trip. I’ll stay here with the girls.”
“Great!” Richard adds. “Let’s meet out front in twenty minutes.”
Once we were back to our room, we laid back on the bed. “You know maybe this won’t be so bad after all…” Jay adds, turning over to face me.
I gasp. “Did Jay Parker just admit that I was right?”
He shrugs. “Maybe.”
“I am shocked!”
He rolls his eyes. “Do you think we’ll be able to get any time for ourselves?”
“Who knows?”

Chapter Thirty-Two
Even though Jay wouldn’t admit it, he was pretty excited to go out with his family. The gun range always intrigued him and I was happy that he would get a little bonding time with them. As for me, I stayed behind and got to spend some time with the girls. They were much more open without the guys around and they seemed very interested in Jay’s life, as I had expected they would be. “Richard said that you lived in a small town?” Clarissa asks. We were all gathered in the lobby of the hotel, chatting in front of the fireplace.
I nod. “Yes, it is small but also very quiet.”
Ethan’s wife, Olivia, responded. “Richard also mentioned that Jay was married before?” They were all curious and I knew it was probably better to ask me than Jay. He wouldn’t want to talk about his past with them, it was just too hard.
“Yes, she passed away earlier in the year.”
Clarissa shakes her head. “It’s such a shame that he’s had to go through so much. He’s such a nice young man, he didn’t deserve any of it.”
“Yet he acts like nothing’s happened… You must have really helped him.” Sarah adds as she takes the baby from Olivia. 
I shrug. “Jay didn’t need a psychiatrist, he just needed a friend.”
“I have to say, you two are something special. I could tell the way he looked at you earlier, he’d take a bullet for you. You don’t see that much anymore.” Olivia smiles.
“No kidding,” I muttered under my breath. I had to admit, what she said did give me butterflies. No one had really said anything like that about us before and it made me continue to think about our future together.
Of course, I was in love with Jay. After everything that we had been through, we were together and even though it was still early in our relationship as a couple, I already knew I wanted to spend the rest of my life with him.
Who wouldn’t want to?
He was ambitious, brave, and at times, headstrong, but he was much more than that. He was vulnerable, something you don’t find often, especially in men. He’d been through a lot in his lifetime and I think that’s what made him special.
He understood that every second counts. Tomorrow isn’t promised and I think that makes him live the way he does. Like yesterday, he could have stayed home but he didn’t. He had the courage to leave home and meet the family he never knew…
That’s what made Jay who he is.
“You know, Thanksgiving is coming up,” Clarissa states. “Why don’t you guys come back and celebrate with us? We always have a big feast here at the hotel. It would be our first real holiday with you.”
“Yeah, that’s a good idea!” Sarah adds.
I nod. “I think we may just take you up on that offer.”
I couldn’t help but smile. Even though we hadn’t known them long, I really liked them. They were friendly and I think they really did want to get to know us. “Dude! You were freakin’ awesome! Think you could teach me?” Evan entered the lobby with the rest of the guys. They were all laughing and they seemed to have had a good time.
“Maybe after you pay off that bet you just lost.” Jay chuckles.
Ethan chimes in. “Yeah, I mean really, the dude’s in the army. Did you really think he couldn’t hit a moving target? I have to admit, little bro, I worry about your state of mind sometimes.” He pats his head as they walk up to us.
“Have y’all enjoyed yourself while we’ve been gone, ladies?” Richard asks.
Clarissa responds. “We’ve had a delightful time. Looks like you boys have enjoyed yourself.” She smiles as they all look at one another then she shakes her head. “Boys will be boys.” She pauses before continuing. “Would you all like to join us for lunch?” She asks, looking to Jay then to me.
Jay responds. “Actually, I think we’re gonna sneak off for a bit, but we’ll be back for dinner if that’s okay with you.” I wasn’t sure what he was talking about but I guess he decided that we needed time for ourselves.
Clarissa nods. “Of course! Go right ahead. Dinner is at six.”
I followed Jay outside. “Where are we going?”
He takes my hand as we head down the beach. “To have lunch, of course.”
It was quiet here, all you could hear was the waves crashing against the shore and the birds chirping overhead. I still couldn’t believe the hotel had its own private beach but Clarissa had told me that it came with the property when they bought it. It certainly was gorgeous and I definitely understood why they lived here.
“So, what do you think of your brothers?” I ask.
He smiles. “They’re pretty awesome, actually. Ethan’s pretty laid back and so is Evan, but I think he’s the hyper brother. But he is the youngest, so I guess that makes sense.” He stops and makes me face him. “Thanks for making me come. I really am glad I met them, they’re not as bad as I thought.” He gives me a quick kiss before we continue down the beach.
“You always think the worst. People do like you, you know.”
He chuckles. “I had no idea.” He adds, sarcastically. “I guess you’re one of them?”
“I’m pretty fond of you, I suppose.”
“Fond?” He rolls his eyes. “Yeah, okay.” He was very smug and I knew he was just aggravating me. He was the one person that could absolutely drive me crazy and honestly, I wouldn’t have it any other way.
“I’m so glad you have brothers now. Maybe you can annoy them instead of me…” Of course, I was just joking and he knew that.
He smirks. “You love it and you know it.”
He was right, I did love having him around, even if he did get on my nerves every now and then. I had never met anyone like Jay and I was so happy with him. I truly wish I could spend the rest of my life with him. He was all I had ever wanted. After all these years of battling Matthew and being afraid of moving on, I’m kind of glad it happened the way it did… If not, I would have never gotten to know Jay.
“Peyton Grey?” He mutters under his breath.
I look back at him. “What did I do now?”
He shakes his head. “Nothing… I just wanted to say that I love you.”
I smile, knowing that I hadn’t really ever heard this from him. At least, not in this way. This was definitely all I needed to hear. Jay wouldn’t leave me and I would never leave him. “I love you too.”


Epilogue
Unfortunately, the next day, Jay and I had to hop on a plane and fly back home. We had both enjoyed ourselves and I think he was glad that he went. His family was nice and they really wanted to get to know him. I always wondered if the kids would be mad that their dad was in a prior relationship before their mother, but it didn’t seem to bother them. They were just one big happy family.
Once we were back home, our day-to-day lives resumed. We both went back to work but no matter how crazy busy we were, we always made time for each other in the evenings. Every Friday night was our date night and when we returned, we’d always video chat with Richard and the family. 
At first, it was kind of scary for me.
I had never had a routine before. This was me settling down and for the first time in a long time, I wasn’t worried about what tomorrow would hold. I didn’t spend every waking hour at work and when I was home, I didn’t think about what I had to do the next day. It was just me and Jay, spending time together…
Eventually, the holidays came and we flew out to Myrtle Beach. We spent Thanksgiving and Christmas with Richard and each time we went to visit, it felt more and more like family. Speaking of family, my parents and I did get along. We did get to spend time with them and even set aside a day a week to have dinner together.
In the spring, my birthday came and it just so happened Kyle finished the work on my house the very same day. I had been waiting on that for a long time and I couldn’t believe what great work he had done. Everything was just as I had imagined and the following day, I was moved in. And so was Jay.
We had been with each other for so long, it seemed silly for him to stay in the guest house, as we now called it. It was nice to have more room but I knew the old house would always have a special place in our hearts.
In the summer, Jay and I took on a new project. We hired Kyle again and began rebuilding Jay’s childhood home. We knew this was a big project but we didn’t care. It was important to Jay that every detail was just as he had remembered it and therefore, it was important to me too.
Richard, Evan, and Ethan even came up and helped out and I knew that was a special moment for Jay. Since then, he actually started calling Richard, “Dad.” When I heard him say it for the first time, I’ll admit that a tear escaped my eye.
I could also say the same for Richard…
That summer was also a time of surprises. Evan and Sarah had tied the knot in the spring and by July, they announced that they were expecting their first child together. Little did we know, that Ethan’s wife, Olivia, was also pregnant and by that time next year, we’d have two more little girls running around…
After years of living the way I did before I met Jay, this was a fairytale to me. Even though his family was no keen to me, we didn’t act that way. Olivia and Sarah were like the sisters I never had and Evan and Ethan were my annoying little brothers. I didn’t realize how lonely I really was until I met them. It was nice to have people to talk to.
So, now that I’ve babbled on and on about everyone else, I’ll tell you what you really want to know… Jay popped the question that summer. I had been expecting it for a while and he was well aware of that. But he did surprise me.
It was Friday night and we had just gotten back from our date. We were video chatting with the family and the next thing I know, Richard told me to turn around and Jay was on one knee. Yes, it was simple but after all we had been through, what more would you want? Simple was good in our eyes. Believe me.
The following summer, we wed at the beach in front of eleven people; Richard, Clarissa, Evan, Olivia, their two kids, Ethan, Sarah, their daughter, and my mom and dad. It was short, sweet, and to the point. And our honeymoon consisted of the Presidential Suite at the Crystal Waters Hotel & Spa.
Eventually, Richard and Clarissa stopped selling it out and gave it to us. Every time we came to visit, that was our spot and we loved it. It reminded us of the good times and that was all we wanted…
As for Matthew, he’s still in jail and I’m happy to say that I haven’t heard from or seen him since the day we left the courtroom. Now that he was gone, Jay and I could finally have our happily ever after and even though he did cause us a lot of problems, I wouldn’t change any of it. Without him, Jay may have never shown up for his next appointment and well, Matthew would have never gotten what he deserved. It was an action-packed journey full of heartbreak and warfare, but it got us where we are today.
A happy, married couple living in their dream house and expecting their very first-well, I’ll let you finish that for yourself.
 

###

Thank you so much for reading my book. If you enjoyed it, won’t you please take a moment to leave me a review at your favorite retailer? 

Thanks!
Cheyenne Barnett






About the Author


Cheyenne began writing at an early age. When she was just 11 years old, she began posting fanfictions online, but it wasn't until she was 17, that she finally ventured out and started her very first fiction novel called, What Hurts The Most. She published the army romance novel on Wattpad and it became an instant hit with army wives everywhere. Now, 19, Cheyenne has begun her six-year journey through college, in hopes of becoming a Nurse Practitioner.

Discover Other Titles by Cheyenne Barnett
What Hurts The Most
You’re Still The One
Don’t You Remember

Connect with Cheyenne
Friend me on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/CheyenneBarnettAuthor
Favorite me at Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/CheyenneRayne

