Heartless

By

Suzana Thompson

Copyright 2016 by Suzana Thompson

All right reserved.  

This book is a work of fiction.  Names and events are either a product of the author’s imagination or are used factiously.  Any resemblance to actual persons or events is purely coincidental.








































Chapter 1



          I suppressed my sigh as I studied my best friend’s transformation into her own personal version of a Barbie doll.  Her dirty blonde hair was now platinum blonde.  She was wearing makeup and her cute clothes were more stylish than anything I had ever seen her wear before. 

          The two of us lived in loose t-shirts and comfortable jeans, so her form-fitting tee and skinny jeans altered her appearance enough for people to notice.  It wasn’t blatantly obvious that she was trying to improve her sex appeal, but it was clear to me.  The shirt that clung to her was a dark gray, but that subdued color was somehow enticing to the eye.

          I had to admit that she looked good, but I didn’t like the reason for the change in her appearance.  The look in her eyes alerted me to his presence before he entered my view.  I resisted the urge to turn around and look until Skylar shocked me by calling out to him.

          “Hi, Cade,” she said in a breathy, girly tone.

          I think the near breathlessness was caused by being nervous about speaking to him.  She still managed to smile brightly at him.  Despite my resolve to ignore him, I had to see his reaction to her.  When I turned, he was standing there looking at her face.  I had to give him credit for that, because his buddy was only interested in looking at her body.  Cade, it appeared, made the effort to read people when he met them.  It was something we had in common, but that didn’t make me trust him.  It just made him more of a threat than the usual narcissistic asshole.

          “Hi,” he responded with the beginning of a smile.

          “I’m Skylar,” she told him, “and, um, this is my friend, Lexie.”

          “Nice to meet you, Skylar,” he replied before his gaze shifted to me.

          I hated that she had used me to take some of the pressure off herself.  It was only polite that she included me since I was standing right beside her, but I couldn’t muster the pleasantness the situation required.  Being formally introduced was ridiculous anyway since we had shared some classes with him last year.  I’d had to listen to her talk about everything she noticed about him in the two classes she had with him.  I hadn’t mentioned the fact that he was also in one of my classes, because I didn’t want to be questioned daily about what he might have done or said during that hour of the day.

          She was completely obsessed with him and had been even before I met her last year when I was new at this school.  She claimed to have been in love with him since he first arrived in the middle of freshman year after being kicked out of the prestigious prep school he had been attending.  His father wanted to punish him by sending him to public school, but he had become the big man on campus with his looks and his wealth.  He also apparently excelled in basketball and had led our team to victory ever since he had come onto the scene.  His father was thrilled with how well his son had done in this new environment.  He blamed his past mistakes on being part of the wrong crowd in his former school.

          How I knew so much about his father’s opinion was something I avoided thinking about.  My only saving grace was that Cade either didn’t know much about his father’s girlfriend or didn’t care.  He hadn’t shown anymore interest in me than I had in him, and I wanted to keep it that way.  I hoped that my expression was neutral when I met his gaze.

             “Hi,” I said to get it over with and glanced across the hall at the girls watching Cade.

            “It’s nice to meet you, Lexie,” he told me.

           “Yeah,” I replied while my gaze followed a couple walking past us, “you too.”  I wished that I could walk away too, but loyalty to Skylar held me there.  She would be upset if I left her alone, although she constantly fantasized about being alone with Cade.

           For some reason, he persisted in speaking to me.  “You were in my Family and Consumer Sciences class last year.”

          “She was?” Skylar asked in surprise.

          Damn, busted.  I looked at her and saw her glancing from me to Cade.  Ignoring him, I spoke to her.  “It was just a stupid elective.”

          “What’d you get in it?” Cade questioned me.

          Habit compelled me to look at the person I was talking to, so I looked at him.  He was observing me, and I knew that he was trying to read me.  “I passed it,” I answered him and shrugged casually, conveying that it wasn’t important.

          “I got an A,” he told me, still watching me closely.

          I refrained from rolling my eyes at his bragging about his grade in such an easy class.  “That’s good,” I replied and looked away from him again.

          “So, Cade, how was your summer?” Skylar worked up the courage to ask him.

          “It was alright,” he said.  “My mom made me go to Italy with her, but I got out of going on vacation with my dad.”

          That was how spoiled he was, that he would actually complain about getting to go to Italy.  I also knew that the vacation he “got out” of going on had been to Hawaii.  The ingrate gave no thought to how fortunate he was to have everything that he had in life.  Some people could only dream of the extravagant vacations he didn’t even appreciate. 

          My dislike of him was growing more acute with every minute I spent in his presence.  I was never so glad to hear the warning bell ring, and I perked up at the sound.  Now I could actually smile when I knew that I was about to be rid him.  “Okay,” I said in satisfaction and moved a couple of steps away as I waited for Skylar.

          She hesitated to leave the spot where she had gotten Cade’s attention.  “So, uh, maybe see you in class.”

          “And lunch,” he added.  “You didn’t get to tell me about your summer yet.  We’ll talk then.”

          I had been watching Skylar’s flustered attempt to establish a tenuous connection to him, but my gaze flew to Cade at his promise of speaking with her at lunch.  He was watching me again, and his challenging expression almost made it seem like he had done it to cross me.  I scowled at him before I realized that my thinking was almost as self-important as his.  It was ridiculous to think that this had anything to do with me.  Skylar had obviously succeeded in attracting him into wanting to get to know her better.

          “Oh,” she breathed, “yeah.”

          “See you, Sky,” he said in parting.

          I smirked, because I knew that she hated when people shortened her name.

          “See you, Lexie,” he continued, drawing my attention back to him.  He was smirking too, and it wiped the smile from my face.

          He then turned and sauntered away with his buddy, whose existence I had forgotten about until now.  I had to endure Skylar’s excitement over her encounter with Cade for the duration of our walk to our first class, which we had together.  Once we were inside the classroom, she was too nervous about someone overhearing her to continue talking about it.

          I was only half-listening anyway, because I was trying to figure out a way to discourage her from starting anything with him.  It had been only a harmless crush before, but now I was worried that she’d get her heart broken just like I had.  She didn’t know about that, and I was considering if telling her would make any difference.  She would probably just argue that Cade and Lucas were two different guys, but I knew that they were exactly the same type of guys.   

          My opinion of Cade didn’t change during lunch.  Skylar didn’t appear to have calmed down at all since this morning, and she seemed to be even more nervous as we walked toward the cafeteria.  She breathlessly told me that she had one class with him so far before anxiously asking me what she should say to him about her summer.

          “Tell him about it,” I advised her unhelpfully.  

          “But all I did was laze around and go to the pool,” she fretted.

          I gritted my teeth in irritation.  We had been waiting the entire past school year for the lazy days of summer.  “And get a makeover,” I remarked instead of commenting on what she had said.

          “Yeah,” she agreed hesitantly.  “I wanted to do something different this year.  I knew you wouldn’t…I mean, did you want to get one too?”

          “No,” I stated.  “You shouldn’t have to change yourself for a guy to get him to like you.”
           She regarded me with a hurt expression.  “There’s nothing wrong with trying to look better.  It’s not just for a guy.  It makes you feel good when you look good.”

          I could have taken her words as an insult implying that I didn’t look good, but I remembered going down this same road before, and I recalled how nice it was to feel pretty.  I didn’t want to spoil that feeling for her, so I told her that I liked her new look.  She smiled at me, and I didn’t get a chance to say anything else before we entered the cafeteria.

          Cade approached her almost immediately, and he had somehow already gotten his food.  “Come sit with me after you get your food,” he invited her.

          Skylar was a good enough friend to be torn, and I pounced on that.  “You’re not sitting with me?” I whined.  I wasn’t above appearing pathetic, and I was hoping that having an annoying best friend would make her less attractive to him.

          “Did you want to sit with us?” she asked him, her loyalty to me winning out over her desire to sit at his table.

          “Bring her too,” he told her.

          “Okay,” she agreed shyly, reverting to her pre-makeover self-consciousness. 

          When her gaze dropped to the ground, he shot me a triumphant look.  “I’ll be over there,” he pointed out before I could respond.

          Skylar was filled with adoration for him while I was fuming that he had seen right through my ploy to get in his way.  Was I really so easy to read?  Skylar had fallen for my fake whining, so why hadn’t he?  It was because he put on a false demeanor himself, I decided.  He pretended to be nice and charming, but he was a selfish narcissist beneath the fake exterior.  This was all just a game to him, and it was one I had seen played before.

          If I had thought that my day couldn’t get any worse than having to sit through lunch with Cade and finding out that I had two classes with him afterwards, but him showing up where I worked proved me wrong.  It wasn’t the first time he’d been there, but it was the first time he’d paid more than cursory attention to me.

          “Your order will be right up,” I told him when he pulled up to my drive thru window.

          “What was with the death glare today?” he asked me without preamble.

          I again spoke to him in my polite customer service voice.  “It’ll be just another minute on your fries.”

          “Do you have a problem with me?” he demanded.

          “No sir,” I replied, “there is no problem.” 

          I felt his cold scrutiny as I turned away to pour his drink and snap the lid on the cup.  Neither one of us said anything as I handed him his drink and straw.  When I gave him the bag containing his food, I told him to have a nice day.

          “It’s almost night,” he told me.

          “Have a nice night then,” I said.

          “Why don’t you help me with that?” he enquired.

          “Excuse me?” I questioned in confusion at his odd query.

          “Help me have a good night,” he stated.

          I was starting to understand what he was implying, but it was said in such a neutral tone without any hint of flirting or suggestiveness that it continued to confuse me.  I just stared at him without knowing how to respond.

          “You’re mad I picked her,” he said.  “You wanted it to be you, but you don’t have to be jealous.  You can be with me too.  She doesn’t have to know.”

          That outrageous statement was spoken with some kindness in his voice, like he was doing me a favor.  “Never, ever,” I began to sputter, “would I want you.  You’re scum!  You—“

          “Lexie!” my coworker exclaimed as she rushed over.  “I’m so sorry,” she apologized to Cade.  “If there is a problem with your order—“

          “No,” Cade interrupted her cheerily.  “There’s no problem.  You ladies have a nice night.”

          Her plastered on smile slid off her face as he drove away, but she didn’t have a chance to question me since another customer pulled up to the window.  After the evening rush, I explained to her that it was a guy from school and that we joked around like that all the time.

          “Well you can’t do that here,” she admonished me.  “If Jim heard you, you’d be fired on the spot.”    

          The day from hell wasn’t over yet, because my mom had an announcement when I got home from work.

          “Robert asked me to marry him,” she beamed at me.

          I simply stared at her in shock.

          “Of course I said yes,” she continued happily.  “He’s invited us over for dinner tomorrow.  You and Cade should start getting to know each other.  I know you said you already know him from school, but you should spend more time together since he’s going to be your brother.”

          Oh hell no!  This could not be my life. 

Chapter 2



          Cade’s dark eyes had a reflective sheen that gave them a deceptive brightness and warmth.  They appeared to draw the light.  Like a black hole, I reminded myself.

          Those eyes seemed to regard us pleasantly as his father announced our presence to him.  He was the picture of politeness while greeting us, but I was on my best behavior too.  I had never been to his house, although I’d been out to eat with his dad and my mom.  They had chosen a neutral place for me to meet Mom’s boyfriend, so we had met up with him at a restaurant.  Mom told me that they had done the same thing when she met Cade.  She had a good impression of him, so I hadn’t told her my opinion of Cade Stover.  Robert had made a much better impression on me than his son had.  

          Their house was what I had expected it would be like, and it intimidated me more than any person.  The freaking foyer seemed to be as big as our entire apartment.  I couldn’t possibly live in a house like this.  Simply standing in the entrance made me feel insignificant and overwhelmed.  I couldn’t imagine ever feeling at home here.  The only house I had ever lived in was my grandma’s small home where I’d slept in my dad’s childhood bedroom.

          Cade and his father lived in a big mansion with a massive chandelier hanging in the forefront a curved double staircase.  They had all this space, but there was no cozy, homey feel here in this elegant setting.  It was aesthetically pleasing but devoid of any semblance of family life.  Everything looked perfect and untouched.  There were no shoes in view by the entrance like there were in our apartment.  The floor was spotlessly clean and looked like it could have been brand new and never walked upon.  I hated to step on it and possibly mar its polished perfection.

          I had expected a stuffy, ornate dining room, but it was sleek and modern with a black table and chairs.  The walls were white with black molding near the ceiling, which was also white.  The stark white added brightness to the room, and the black furniture was a sharp contrast.  The long table could seat more people than were present, but it wasn’t massive.  I didn’t feel quite so overwhelmed in this room, and I would have been able to relax a bit if Robert hadn’t seated me beside Cade.  

          There were two of us on each side of the table, with Robert choosing to sit beside my mom rather than at the head of the table.  At least I could look only at them across the table if I didn’t turn my head to see Cade.

          After Mom’s bombshell last night, I had somehow managed to get myself under control and call Skylar.  I told her what Cade had said to me.  I hated to upset her, but she needed to know what kind of guy he was.  Her initial exclamations of shock faded into a more subdued response, which was probably due to her crushing disappointment in the guy she had liked so much.

          I was proud of her the next day when I learned that she had confronted him.  Then she told me how he had praised me for passing his test and being a friend she could trust.

          “Are you really buying this bullshit?” I questioned her in dismay.

         “He told me about you first,” she explained.  “I walked up to him to confront him, but he started telling me what he did before I said anything.  He told me how he tested our friendship, because he was suspicious of you because you didn’t seem happy about him talking to me.  He said he’s had his girlfriends’ friends trying to get him to cheat with them before, and he doesn’t ever want to deal with that drama again.”

          “That’s bullshit,” I insisted.  “He’s a cheater.  You can’t trust him.”

          “That’s the opposite of what he said about you,” she told me warmly.  “He said that I can trust you, and that you’re a real friend.”

          I could see that she believed his story, probably because she wanted to believe it.  He was a manipulative bastard, but he hadn’t had to put much effort into lying to her since she preferred his lies to the truth.  She didn’t want to know that he wasn’t the guy she thought he was.  Her fantasy was finally becoming real.  It hadn’t escaped my notice that the wording of his explanation implied that she was his girlfriend.

          I would have to tell her about Lucas, but I couldn’t do it at school.  I also hadn’t yet told her about Cade being my future stepbrother.  I hadn’t mentioned anything about my mom dating his dad, because I hadn’t thought that it was important.  She’d had a boyfriend before him, and they had broken up.  I had assumed that this relationship would end the same way.

          I hadn’t expected it to have any effect on my life, but now I was stuck with Robert’s asshole son until I could move out on my own.  Mom had informed me that we would be moving into Robert’s house after the wedding.  It was everything she had been deprived of with my dad, and I couldn’t ruin the happiness she deserved by complaining about the situation.

          I would have been completely thrilled for her if Robert was the only one in the picture.  I liked him, and he seemed to be a wonderful boyfriend to my mom.  The only problem was his son, but since seeing the size of his house I was hopeful about being able to avoid Cade most of the time.  I had no idea how he felt about this situation.  He hadn’t mentioned it to me today at school, but his dad must have told him about proposing to my mom.  

          I had refused to sit at Cade’s table during lunch.  He had come over to my table while Skylar was pleading with me, and he had apologized to me for giving me the wrong impression.  He had complimented me on being a true friend to Skylar and told me that he respected me.  I had seethed the entire time he was spouting his bullshit.

          “Leave me alone,” I had demanded.

          “But,” Skylar began.

          “It’s okay,” he assured her.  “She has a right to be pissed.  She needs time to get over it.  Let’s give her some space.”

          The other people at our table watched the drama between the three of us, but I ignored them while I scowled at Cade.  He soothed Skylar’s anxious protests about leaving me, and she ended up going to sit with him.
          “What happened?” one of the girls at my table asked me.

          “Nothing,” I muttered as I stared down at my food.

          My terse answer put an end to the questioning, but I stayed in a foul mood the rest of the day.  Skylar called me after school, and I brushed her off with the excuse that I had to get some homework done before I went out to dinner with my mom and her boyfriend.  “He proposed to her,” I confided.

          Skylar exclaimed in delight.  “That’s wonderful, Lexie.  I’m so happy for her!”

          “I am too,” I told her.  “He’s a great guy.”  That part was true, but I wasn’t ready to reveal the rest of it.  “I’m sorry I can’t talk more, but I really have to get started on this homework.”

          She didn’t question why I already had so much homework during the first week of school.  “I understand, but, um, are we okay?”

          “Of course we’re okay,” I replied.  “I’m not mad at you.”

          “Oh,” she responded.  “Okay.  Tell your mom I said congratulations.”

          “Okay,” I agreed and got off the phone.

          I didn’t actually have that much homework, but I decided that I better get it done.  It was also a distraction from my dread about going to Cade’s house.  I had no appetite for dinner, but there was no getting out of it.  I had to deal with this for my mom’s sake.  I grudgingly realized that I would have to tolerate Cade for the foreseeable future.

          So I went to his house with the intention of setting aside everything else and focusing on being happy for my mom.  I could be pleasant and polite.  I was sure that Cade would be too in the presence of our parents. 

          I was right about that, and I barely paid him any notice during the meal.  They had a cook, and the food was delicious.  I was hungry due to being too upset to eat lunch, so I ate everything that was served to me for dinner.  Robert discussed his and Mom’s wedding plans with us, and Cade and I both responded when the conversation required it.

          We were having dessert when Robert offered to have my room decorated any way I wanted it.  I put down my fork, having lost all desire to eat the cheesecake I had been craving a moment ago.  Wedding plans were about them, but my room was exclusively about me.  It brought back all my anxiety about moving into this house.

          “I don’t want to change anything,” I declared.

          “You haven’t even seen it yet,” Robert protested.

          “I’ll show it to her,” Cade volunteered.

          It was the first thing he’d said this evening that wasn’t a reply to a question.  Neither he nor I had initiated any part of the conversation.  I looked at him, but his neutral expression didn’t reveal anything to me.

          “That’s a good idea,” Robert agreed.

          I silently disagreed with him, but I went upstairs with Cade.  He said nothing until he led me into a bedroom and shut the door.  “This is it.” 

          This bedroom was bigger than the living room in my grandma’s house, and it had a lovely view of the expansive backyard lawn.  Two walls in here were lavender, and the other two were white.  The bedding was a deep purple.  It was a pretty room, and I commented aloud on it.

          “Gut it,” Cade ordered.  “His last gold-digger had a nympho daughter.  This was her room.”

          I snorted at his audacity.  “Really?  You’re judging someone on being a nympho?  Ever looked in the mirror?”

          “I have standards,” he told me.  “She has none.”

          “Meaning she rejected you,” I surmised.

          “Meaning I wouldn’t touch her with a ten foot pole, let alone with my dick,” he retorted.  “She was fucking more guys than a porn star.”

          “Whatever,” I scoffed, although I seriously didn’t want to sleep in her bed after Cade put that image in my mind.

          It was probably all bullshit just like everything else that came out of his mouth, and I was annoyed that he had gotten to me with it.  I was now resigned to redecorating the room though, even though I hadn’t wanted to spend any of Robert’s money.

          “I want to make a deal,” Cade stated.  “You’ve got to stop this marriage.”

          “How do you expect me to do that?” I enquired.

          He regarded me with a surprised look.  “You’re not going to ask me why I want you to stop the marriage?”

          “I don’t care,” I replied.  “I don’t want you in my family either, but there’s nothing I can do about it.”

          “I think you can if you want to,” he countered.  “I know you think you’ve hit the jackpot, but I promise you I’ll make your life hell if you move in.”

          “Then why are you telling me to change this room?” I questioned in bewilderment.

          “I want all traces of her erased from here, and my dad needs a valid excuse to do it.  He won’t listen to me.”

          “You hate this girl that much?” I questioned.

          “I don’t hate her,” he replied.  “I just want this room sanitized.”

          His response was unexpected, but maybe he was some kind of germaphobe.  I wasn’t exactly immune to such fears myself, although I knew that just getting new sheets should have been enough.  I didn’t need to get a new bed, but it would make me feel better if I did.

           “Okay,” I agreed, pretending it was about letting him get his way.  “I’ll change the room.”

          “And stop the marriage,” he added.

          “I still don’t know how I’m supposed to do that,” I said.  “They’re not going to listen to me.  Besides, they seem really happy.  Don’t you want your dad to be happy?”

          “Another gold-digger is not going to make him any happier than the ones that came before her,” he replied.  “It’ll end in the same mess it always does.  He doesn’t need to go through anymore crap like that.  And it’ll be even worse this time if he actually marries her.”

          “My mom is not a gold-digger,” I exclaimed.  “She didn’t date for ten years after my dad.  Robert is only her third boyfriend in her whole life.”

          “What, she was faithful to your deadbeat dad?  Looks like she finally wised up, but she’s not using my dad to improve her circumstances.”

          I was trying to tamp down on my anger by counseling myself that he obviously didn’t know anything about my dad, but hearing anyone say anything against him made me furious.  “He wasn’t a deadbeat,” I informed him angrily.  “He died before I was born, so shut your stupid mouth about him and my mom.  She’s not a gold-digger either.  You don’t know anything about her.”

          He appeared to be considering my words before he spoke.  “I don’t know anything about her, huh?  Well, Lexie, I’ve done the math.  I know she had you when she was your age.  At least your dad couldn’t knock her up again.  It saved the taxpayers some welfare money.”

          I was left speechless by his insensitivity.  His cold rumination on how my dad’s death benefitted society was almost inhuman.  I’d never met anyone so heartless in my life.

          “You know,” he remarked as I stood there trembling with rage, “you don’t look anything like your mother.  Skylar looks more like she could be her daughter.  I didn’t even know my dad was talking about you, because he called you Alexandra when he told me about his girlfriend’s daughter.  I didn’t care who you were either, to tell you the truth.  It’s not like you or your mother matter.”

          I wanted to claw his eyes out, but my anger took on a hard edge instead.  “I guess we do matter,” I taunted, “or you wouldn’t be so desperate to get rid of us.  But you know what?”  My eyes swept over the luxurious bedroom, which I hadn’t even wanted before he infuriated me.  “We’re here to stay.”  
          His eyes narrowed at me.  “Don’t fuck with me,” he warned.

          “I won’t,” I agreed, “because you don’t matter.”

          I turned my back to him and moved to open the door.  I managed to find my own way back to the dining room, where I caught my mom and Robert kissing.  Mom blushed, and Robert awkwardly cleared his throat.

          “Do you like the room?” he asked me.  “You can choose another one if you prefer.”

          “I love it,” I told him, “but I would like to redecorate it if that’s okay.”

          “Of course,” he said, looking relieved by my response.  “I told you that you should.  We’ll hire a decorator, and you can decide what you’d like.”

           “Thank you,” I replied.

          “We want you to be happy here,” he stated.  “Anything you need, just let us know.”  He absently took hold of my mom’s hand as he spoke, but they both had their attention on me. 

          I liked how he was referring to my mom and himself when he said we and us.  It showed that he already thought of them as together even without being married yet.  I smiled at them.  “Thanks.”

          “Where’s Cade?” Mom asked.

          I shrugged.  “I don’t know.  I guess he got bored with talking about decorating.”

          Robert looked displeased.  “I’m sorry about that, Alexandra.  He forgets his manners sometimes.”

          “It’s okay,” I assured him, although it went way beyond a lack of manners with Cade.

          “He’s going to be her brother,” Mom said, “so he doesn’t have to hold to formality.  He should be free to be himself around her.”

          “You don’t know what you’re saying,” Robert joked.  “Nobody should have to be subjected to Cade being himself.”

          He didn’t know how right he was about that.  What I had seen of Cade’s true nature was enough to convince me that I didn’t want to see more.  I also knew that despite our parents getting married, Cade would never be my brother.






Chapter 3



          Lucas Klein was one step below Cade in my old school.  He wasn’t the most popular guy at school, but he was the most popular in our grade.  He also played basketball, but he didn’t have Cade’s wealth.  His family’s financial situation was still better than mine, but money was the last thing on my mind when he bestowed his attention on me.  

          When he directed his smile at me, I felt like I was basking in the warmth of the sun.  His gaze started a fluttering in my stomach.  I was naïve enough to fall for his sweet words and hormonal enough to be susceptible to his physical beauty.  I was even stupid enough to think that I had found the same kind of love that my mom had with my dad.

          It only took him three months to get me to give up my virginity to him.  It was only a week after that when he broke up with me.  As soon as he dumped me, I started hearing the gossip about why he’d gone out with me.  He’d made a bet with one of his buddies that he could take my virginity.  I had gone out with that guy freshman year, but he had been so obvious about only wanting one thing from me that I had gone on only two dates with him.  Apparently, not giving it up to this player had cemented my reputation as a hardcore virgin among those guys, but Lucas had bragged that he could play me.

           He’d gone the romantic route, and it had worked.  I had resorted to confiding this story to Skylar after she gave me grief for not telling her that my mom’s fiancé was Cade’s dad.  “I had to hear it from Cade instead of my best friend,” she complained.

          “I was in denial,” I remarked.  “I didn’t want to think about Cade being part of my family.  It’s the worst thing that’s ever happened to me.”

          “You’ve got to get over that misunderstanding with him,” she insisted.  “He shouldn’t have done it, but he did apologize.  Please forgive him.  You can’t hate him forever, especially when you’re going to have to live with him.”

          “It wasn’t a misunderstanding,” I told her.  “I know what kind of guy he is.”

          I then launched into my story about Lucas and how he had played me.  “I don’t want the same thing to happen to you,” I said.

          “Oh, Lexie,” she exclaimed.  “I’m so sorry!”

          I shrugged.  “I’m over it.”

          She gave me a look like she didn’t believe me.  “That’s so awful,” she sympathized.

          “It was,” I admitted.  “But,” I added, “lesson learned.  Nobody’s ever going to fool me like that again.”

          She regarded me with a concerned expression.  “Just because one guy—“

          The ringtone on her phone interrupted her, but she ignored it after glancing at the screen.  “Anyway,” she tried to continue, but I cut her off.

          “Who’s that?” I questioned.

          “It’s Cade,” she replied.  “Anyway, what I was saying—“

          “Aren’t you gonna answer it?” I asked.

          “I’ll call him later,” she stated dismissively.

          “But this is what you’ve always wanted,” I insisted.  “Talk to him.”

          She narrowed her blue eyes at me.  “You don’t want me to talk to him.  You’re just trying to avoid the subject of your love life.”

          I ignored her last sentence.  “I do want you to talk to him.  I want you to tell him to go to hell.”

          “Lexie,” she said in a gentle tone, “not every guy is like Lucas.”

          “I know that,” I acknowledged, “but Cade is.  He’s just trying to play you, Skylar.  I know you don’t want to believe that, but that’s what guys like him do.”

          “He was with Jenna for a year,” she reminded me.

          I hadn’t known the exact length of time they had been dating, because I hadn’t had any interest in his life until recently.  “Well,” I postulated, “maybe it took him that long to have sex with her.”

          “Really?” Skylar asked dubiously.  “You think he’d give up a year of sex waiting for one girl if he was a player?”

          “He might have been cheating on her the whole time,” I suggested.  “Maybe that’s why she broke up with him.”

          “Or maybe he’s not a player,” Skylar argued.  “Maybe you’re just projecting your emotions onto him just because he’s popular.  I’ve never heard any rumors about Cade being a player.  He dated Briana for four months, and Jenna for a year.  Some of the other guys on the team go through more girls than that in a month.”

          “You can’t trust him,” I declared.  “I don’t care what it looks like from the outside, but he’s heartless on the inside.”  I then explained about him calling my mom a gold-digger and threatening to make my life hell if I didn’t stop her from marrying his dad.

          “Sounds like you both have issues,” she commented thoughtfully.  “He’s comparing your mom to his dad’s other girlfriends, and you’re comparing him to your ex-boyfriend.  But you’re both wrong.”

          “He’s wrong, but I’m not,” I insisted.  “Cade will break your heart, and I don’t want that to happen.”
          “You’ve been hurt,” she consoled me.  “I hate the guy that did that to you, but Cade is not him.”

          I could see that it was useless to argue any further with her.  No matter how much I warned her about Cade, she was still choosing to see him in a positive light.  She wouldn’t see the truth about him until it was too late.

          “I’ll talk to him about your mom,” she promised me.  “He needs to give her a chance.  But, Lexie, you need to give him a chance too,” she admonished me gently.  “It’s not fair to judge him because of something someone else did.”

          She was right about that, but I wasn’t judging him for what Lucas did.  There was plenty to judge about him solely.  I hadn’t mentioned his cruel comments about my dad, but he would probably just apologize to me to get back in Skylar’s good graces.  He would smooth things over with her, and I would be left right back where I started.

          Things began to look better for me the next day though when I discovered an unexpected ally against Cade.  His ex-girlfriend, Jenna, volunteered to be my partner for a history project.  Cade was also in that class with us, and I saw him watching us suspiciously as the teacher marked down our names for the project.  He managed to be paired with one of the smartest guys in our class, and I was annoyed that he would get to coast while I would probably be stuck doing most of the work for Jenna.

          She approached me at my desk after class and suggested that we exchange phone numbers.  “I’m going to do my share of the work,” she said as if she had been reading my mind.  “We could even get started today if you want to come over to my house.  I’ll drive you home too,” she offered.

          That was actually ideal since I didn’t have a car, but it was Cade’s scowl that made me immediately accept her offer.  “Thanks, that would be great.”

          He had remained in the classroom while everyone else left, apparently so that he could spy on me and his ex-girlfriend.  Was he afraid of the dirt she could give me on him?

          “Hey,” he said as he walked up to us, “let’s trade partners.”

          If he wanted to be partners with Jenna, I was all for it.  Maybe they would get back together.  “Sure,” I agreed, “you guys can work together if you want.”

          Jenna appeared to like that idea too, but Cade shot it down.  “I meant that I wanted you to be my partner.  She can work with Ben.  She needs all the help she can get with her grades.”

          She ignored his criticism.  “You want Lexie now?  I thought you were going out with her friend.”

          He regarded her with cold disdain, and it was clear that he couldn’t stand her even more than I couldn’t stand him.  I wondered why he hated her so much.  Her expression was stoic as she looked at him, like she was determined to withstand his wrath.

          “Lexie is going to be my stepsister,” he informed her in an icy tone.  “Her mom is engaged to my dad.  It will be convenient for us to be partners on this project.” 

          His pronouncement made no sense since I wasn’t living at his house yet.  It would be no more convenient for him to be partners with me than with anyone else.  I didn’t voice my thoughts though, because his demeanor toward Jenna was so intimidating that it even affected me.

          She, however, showed no signs of being cowed by him as she spoke.  “Sorry, but I picked her first.”

          “Maybe she didn’t pick you,” he retorted.  “You don’t get to decide everything for everybody.”  He shifted his gaze to me.  “You pick, Lexie.”  

          I stared at him.  Did he really expect me to pick him?  “I pick Jenna,” I stated.

          “Of course you do,” he remarked in irritation and left the classroom.

          Jenna and I watched him go before she turned back to me.  “I won’t lie to you,” she said.  “I want him back.”

           “Why?” I asked in bewilderment.

          She laughed at my expression before her own turned serious.  “Have you ever been in love?”

          “I thought I was,” I told her, “but he didn’t really exist.  He was just pretending to be the person I thought he was.”

          She studied me thoughtfully for a moment.  “Well, I’m in love with Cade, and I want to get back together with him.  Is that going to be a problem for you because of your friend?”

          “No,” I replied.  “He’s the last guy I want her to be with.”

          She smiled at me.  “I think we’ll be great partners.”

















Chapter 4



          Jenna’s bedroom was not what I had expected.  It was completely white, including the bare white walls, the furniture, the bedding, and the carpet.  The only exception was her black laptop computer.  This didn’t look like a teenager’s room at all.

          Her house was an upper middle class colonial, which was much nicer than my grandma’s small home but still dwarfed by Cade’s mansion.  Jenna’s family wasn’t struggling for money though, judging by her comfortable home and decent car.  I couldn’t even afford a cheap starter car, and she was driving a shiny red car with only 25,000 miles on it.

          She was wearing navy blue shorts and a blue and white striped shirt, and she drove a red car.  So seeing the lack of color in her room was a surprise.  The clean simplicity of it appealed to me though, and I considered doing something similar with my new room.  My bedroom in our apartment was a disorganized mess, but the large bedroom in the mansion had plenty of closet space to neatly store my stuff.  I also couldn’t imagine taping posters to the walls there like I did in my current room.

          “This is…wow,” I marveled as I gazed around Jenna’s room.

          “I kind of copied it from Cade’s room,” she explained.  “His is all black and white.  Have you seen it?”

          “No,” I replied.  “I only saw the room that’s going to be mine.  Robert…uh, Mr. Stover said I could redecorate it.”

          “Kayla’s room?” Jenna guessed.

          I shrugged.  “I don’t know her name.  Cade said it was the daughter of his dad’s ex-girlfriend.”

          “That was Kayla,” she confirmed.  “She was in that bedroom a lot.  You should definitely get new furniture.”

          She seemed to be alluding to the same thing Cade had told me in much cruder terms.  I didn’t like assuming things about this girl I’d never met, and I didn’t want to gossip about her.  Whatever she had done was her business, and I had no interest in it anyway.

          I decided to bring up what did interest me.  “What can I do to help you get Cade back?”

          Jenna responded with an amused laugh.  “You don’t waste any time.  Okay, I wasn’t expecting this kind of cooperation from you, but I’m glad to have it.”

          “I don’t have any time to waste,” I told her.  “I need to get him away from Skylar as quick as possible.  She’ll only be hurt worse the longer this goes on.”

          “How do you know it won’t work out for them?” she questioned me curiously.

          “Are you kidding?” I replied.  “You know what an asshole he is.  I don’t even know why you’d want him back, but at least you know what you’re getting into.  He’s got Skylar thinking he’s a great guy.”

          “Everyone thinks he’s a great guy,” Jenna said.  “You’re the only one who doesn’t like him.  What’d he do to piss you off?”

          We might be working together for a common goal, but I wasn’t about to start telling her everything.  We were partners right now, but that didn’t necessarily make us friends.  I didn’t trust people that quickly and easily—at least not anymore.  

          “He was just his usual charming self,” I said.

          She saw that I wasn’t really going to answer, so she moved on to strategizing.  “I should help you redecorate your room.”

          I understood the reason for bringing her into Cade’s house, but it saddened me to do this without Skylar.  I didn’t feel guilty about anything else that I was doing behind her back, but redecorating my room was something that I should be sharing with my best friend instead of her rival.  I resented Cade for making me resort to this.  None of it would be any fun without Skylar.

          “I’ll find out if we can go over there tomorrow,” I told Jenna.

          We started working on our project a little, and then she drove me home.  Mom wasn’t home yet, so I started cooking in our tiny kitchen.  I wondered now if she would quit her waitressing jobs after she married Robert.  She certainly wouldn’t need the money.  It started me thinking about how different our lives would be.  

          I was determined to still keep working my part-time job though, and I planned to get a student loan to pay for college.  My mom was marrying a wealthy man, but that had nothing to do with me.  I would be responsible for my own expenses after I finished high school.

          Skylar called me, and as soon as I answered she started telling me about Cade asking her out on a date.  “It’s happening,” she exclaimed in excitement.  “It’s finally happening!”

          “Oh,” I responded.

          She was too thrilled to even notice my lackluster response.  “We’re going out to dinner on Saturday.  Oh my God, I’ve got to find something to wear!  We need to go shopping.  Friday, or maybe we should start right away tomorrow.  It might take a couple of trips to find the right thing.”

          “I’m working Friday,” I reminded her, still not commenting on her date.

          “Oh, then it’ll have to be tomorrow,” she said.  “We’ll go right after school.”

          This meant that I would have to postpone taking Jenna to Cade’s house.  As much as I didn’t want Skylar to go on this date, I couldn’t bail on her for this shopping trip.  I was still her best friend, and she wanted me to do this best friend thing with her.  She’d had a best friend before me, but the girl had moved away the summer after their freshman year of high school.  Then I had arrived just in time for the beginning of sophomore year to fill some of the emptiness cause by the absence of her best friend.  Skylar still talked to Rachael on the phone and on Facebook, but it wasn’t the same as having her here.

          She had told me all this while we were getting to know each other after she had befriended me on my first day in my new school.  “I know you’ve gotta be missing your friends too,” she had remarked with a pensive expression.

          I didn’t really, because they were connected to my bad memories of Lucas.  He had used me to win a bet, but I had used them to become more popular in high school.  Their popularity had rubbed off on me just as I’d hoped, but I should have been careful what I wished for.  Before my brief time in the popular crowd, I had spent my childhood playing with the neighborhood kids.  There hadn’t been anyone that I considered my best friend though, until I met Skylar. 

          Two things had happened that made my mom decide to move.  My grandma had died, and Mom had broken up with the first boyfriend she’d had since my father.  Grandma had given my mom legal control of everything when she was diagnosed with Alzheimer’s, and Mom had stayed home to take care of her.  When her condition worsened, Mom took out a home equity loan on Grandma’s house so that she could hire a home health aide.  She was able to work again while the nurse cared for Grandma.

          Mom had promised Grandma that she wouldn’t put her in a nursing home, but she had to break that promise when Grandma needed more medical care than she could get at home during the last three months of her life.  By that time, Grandma no longer recognized any of us, and she couldn’t even swallow food anymore.  Shortly after she died, Mom also found out that her boyfriend was cheating on her with one of the other waitresses she worked with.  It ruined her relationship and her job.

          She wanted to make a fresh start somewhere else, but she asked me my opinion on it.  I had spent the rest of my freshman year after Lucas dumped me hating every day that I had to see him at school, so I was relieved to have a chance to get away from my mistakes and start over in a new place where no one knew about me.  There was nothing left to miss from my old life since both my grandma and my childhood home were gone.  Grandma’s house had gone into foreclosure, and it was being taken from us.

          Mom knew that Lucas had broken up with me, but she didn’t know that I had slept with him nor about the bet.  I understood her heartbreak over her boyfriend’s betrayal and why she wanted to move away from him, because I felt the same way.  I eagerly told her that I was ready to move too.  So we left the state we had both been born in and moved one state away to Ohio.

          I was a little disappointed that Mom hadn’t been adventurous enough to move us to California, but I was grateful to be anywhere that Lucas Klein wasn’t.  Cincinnati wasn’t Los Angeles, but we couldn’t afford Los Angeles.  Mom’s meager savings account was barely enough to cover the deposit and the first month’s rent on our new apartment.  She was extremely fortunate to immediately find a job at a Denny’s restaurant, even if she needed to get a second job to keep us afloat.

          It was at her second job at an upscale restaurant that she met Robert.  He came in for a business lunch with some clients.  She wasn’t even assigned to his table, but he noticed her and sought her out to ask her for a date.  When she told him that she didn’t date customers, he pointed out that he wasn’t her customer.

           He came back again the following week, and he asked for another waitress when the hostess tried to seat him at one of Mom’s tables.  He was having lunch alone this time, and the manager came to speak with him.  Mom’s boss later told her that he had thought there was a problem, since Mr. Stover had enquired into her scheduled days but then rejected her as a server.  He’d chuckled when he’d told her how Mr. Stover had explained her no dating customers rule and stated that he must never specifically be her customer because of it.  He assured the manager that it had nothing to do with Miss Chapman’s job performance but only with her dating policy.

          “I’ll never go out with him,” Mom had declared to me in agitation.  “He can keep asking until he’s blue in the face.”

          “He asked you out again?” I had questioned.

          “No,” she had snapped, “but he’s made it obvious that he wants to.”

          I wasn’t sure why this aggravated her so much when he was only eating there and not bothering her.  She complained to me how he kept coming in every week, although he didn’t approach her again after the first time.  It seemed to me like she was paying more attention to him than he was to her, but I didn’t comment on it.

           One day she came home irate about him having a girlfriend and a daughter.  “I knew he was a lying cheater,” she raged.  “She’s young and beautiful, but that’s not enough for a man like him.”  Mom’s blue eyes blazed with anger, but she looked young and beautiful herself.

            “Did you tell her about him?” I asked.

           “I couldn’t.  They were there with their daughter.  She’s such a little doll!  Looks just like her mother, and she was dressed in the most adorable princess dress.  She even had a tiara.  It was her fourth birthday, but she couldn’t blow out the candles by herself.  The poor thing had a terrible cold.  She was coughing something awful.  They shouldn’t have taken her out while she was sick.”

          “I guess because it was her birthday,” I said.  “She probably begged them to do it.”

          “I suppose so,” Mom grudgingly agreed.

          I sometimes imagined what it would have been like to do things like that with my dad.  I could picture myself in the little girl’s place being out at a restaurant for my birthday with my parents.  They would have let me dress up like a princess too.  My dad wouldn’t have been asking out any other woman though, because he was madly in love with my mom.

          They were planning to get married after they turned eighteen, but he died at seventeen while she was pregnant with me.  She was already living with him and his mom, because her dad had kicked her out when he found out she was pregnant.  Her stepmother had tried to argue that he couldn’t kick her out on the street, but he’d silenced her with a smack across the mouth.  My dad’s mom had taken her in, and my mom had no more contact with her dad.  She’d let her stepmom know that she was okay, but the poor woman was too afraid of defying her husband to keep in contact with her.

          Mom had an older brother who ended up dying of a drug overdose.  Their mother died when they were children.  My dad was an only child.  So when Grandma died, I was left with Mom as my only family.  I didn’t count her father as family, since he had never even cared to meet me.  

          Mom’s drama with Robert Stover continued even in his absence.  He didn’t show up at the restaurant for three weeks, and she remarked that he must have finally gotten the hint.  Since she had been talking about him during those two weeks, I suspected that she wasn’t entirely happy about not seeing him.

          When he returned, he was alone.  Mom traded places with his waitress, but he made no protest about it.  After she took his order, she asked how his daughter was.  She told me that he seemed stunned before he got angry and retorted that she must know exactly how his daughter was if she had looked up his family and found out that he had a daughter.

          “I didn’t look up anything,” Mom told him.  “I saw her with my own eyes.  Did you forget that you brought her here for her birthday?  Did you also forget you had a girlfriend when you asked me out?”

          “Oh, you’re talking about Michelle and Jasmine.  Michelle is my personal assistant, and Jasmine is her daughter,” he explained.  “I took them out for Jasmine’s birthday.”

          “She’s not your daughter?” Mom asked him.  “But you mentioned that you have a daughter too.  Does she live with you?”

          When Mom was telling me about it, she said that she was wondering if he’d traded in his wife for a young girlfriend and was spending more time with her daughter than he was with his.

          “She’s dead,” he stated.  “She died when she was ten, but Jasmine might not even live that long.”

          He’d then begun to cry quietly for the little girl, and I guessed that’s when Mom began to fall for him.  She’d brought him out a glass of water and left him to compose himself.  He’d left his meal mostly uneaten, but he’d left his business card with his personal cell number written on the back.  Mom had given the hefty tip to his original waitress, but she’d kept the business card.

          When she called him that evening, they talked for two hours.  She found out that Jasmine had cystic fibrosis, and that he’d spent the past two weeks visiting her in the hospital during his lunch hour.  Michelle was a doting mother, and he couldn’t help getting drawn into her daughter’s life.  She was devastated when Jasmine was diagnosed with the lung disease, and it hit him hard too.  He’d insisted on getting her the best medical care available, but there was no cure.

          His own daughter had been killed in an accident, but he didn’t dwell on talking about her.  Mom guessed that it was too painful for him, so she didn’t pry.  He was more forthcoming about his teenage son, Cade.  His divorce with his children’s mother was also mentioned.

          Mom told Robert about me, and about my dad.  They spoke again the next evening, and she said nothing about any no dating rule the next time he asked her out.  They kept seeing each other, and one day she announced that she was in love.

          I glanced at her and saw a pensive expression on her face, and I knew that she was thinking about my dad.  “I never thought it would happen again, but I’m in love.”

          “It’s okay,” I soothed, thinking that she was looking for reassurance.

          Even after that, I still didn’t expect her to marry Robert.  If only his son wasn’t…here.

          “Open up,” he ordered as he pounded on the door.        






































Chapter 5



          As I opened the door, Cade barged in without being invited.  “You will stop working with Jenna.”

          “Hello,” I said.  “Nice of you to come over.  Make yourself right at home.”

          He glanced around in distaste.  “This is where you live?”

          I continued with my sarcasm.  “No, I’m just visiting.  Uninvited, like you.”

          “I didn’t invite you to my place either,” he retorted.

          “No,” I agreed, “but your dad did.  I didn’t just show up for no reason.”

          “Your mom invited me too,” he replied.  “She said that I could come home after school with you.”

          I frowned.  “When was this?”

          “Months ago,” he threw out carelessly as he wandered further into the apartment, “when I first met her.”

         “Hey!” I protested.  “Stay out of my room.”

          He ignored me as he strode into it and saw my unmade bed.  His eyes lingered on the bra I had dropped on the floor when I removed it after arriving home.  It was just Mom and me, so I felt free to get comfortable when I was home, but I was very uncomfortable now and crossed my arms over my chest.  That only made it worse, because the gesture alerted Cade to the fact that I was braless.  

          He smirked at me.  “Is this what your mom had in mind when she said I could come home with you?  It wouldn’t be the first time one of dad’s gold-diggers tried to set me up with her daughter.  Two birds, one stone I guess.”

          I straightened up to be as haughty as possible while still keeping my arms over my chest.  “First of all, your dad was the one chasing after my mom.  She turned him down when he asked her out, but he kept begging her every day for almost three months.”  I was stretching the truth with that one, but I doubted he knew that.  

          I gave him a menacing glare.  “So call her a gold-digger one more time, and I’ll punch you in the mouth.”  I then ruined the effect by wincing as I recalled Mom’s story about her father hitting his wife across the mouth.

          Cade’s thick eyebrows rose before his face settled into an amused expression.  “How are you going to do that and hide your nipples from me at the same time?”  

          I felt my face heating up, and my gaze flitted away from his to the rest of the clothes scattered around my room.  My closet was tiny, but I didn’t have an enormous wardrobe.  I could have managed to put everything away if I knew that anyone was coming over.  Not that I cared what Cade thought about me.  His room could be a mess too for all I knew.

          I abruptly spun away from him and walked out into the living area, which was where the entrance to the apartment was.  There weren’t many steps to get to the door.  “Get out,” I ordered with my back still turned to him.

          “That’s what I tried to tell you,” he replied, “but you told me you were staying.”

          “No wonder you’re desperate to move into my house,” he continued as he stepped around me.  “This place is a dump.  It doesn’t even have any security.  Anybody can just walk into the building any time they want.” 

          What he said was true, but I bristled at his rudeness.  “If you’re done insulting my home and my mom, get the hell out.”

          “Here’s the deal,” he stated.  “You get your mother to suggest a prenup agreement to my dad.  If she’s not a gold-digger, then she won’t have a problem with that.  She gets a million, and she’s not entitled to anything else.”

          My mouth dropped open, and I gaped at him.  A million dollars!  How much freaking money did these people have?

          He smiled condescendingly.  “I guess that number’s good with you.  Get it done, and stop scheming with Jenna.”

          I scrambled to gather my wits.  “What do I get in this deal?”

          He glowered at me.  “Are you kidding me?  You’re living in a roach motel, and a million dollars isn’t enough for you?”

          “We don’t have roaches,” I informed him in annoyance, although I had feared the same thing myself when we first moved in.  Thankfully, it had somehow managed to be spared that problem so far, and it was the only good thing about the place.

          “And not everything is about money,” I added.  “I want you to leave Skylar alone.  Cancel the date, and don’t ask her out again.  That’s your part in this deal.”

          He studied me like he was trying to figure out if I was serious.  “Why don’t you want me to go out with her?”

          “Because I don’t want you to break her heart,” I answered.  “She really likes you for some reason, and I don’t want her to get hurt.”

          “It won’t hurt her if I cancel the date?” he questioned.  “Since she likes me so much and wants to go out with me?”

           “It will,” I acknowledged, “but it will hurt her less than if you break up with her later.”
          “I see,” he said while his probing gaze made me feel like he could see more than I wanted him to.

          “Okay,” he agreed suddenly, his brisk tone snapping me out of his concentrated scrutiny, “done, but you have to get your mom to suggest a prenup first and drop Jenna as your partner.”

          “Done?” I snapped at him with contrary anger over his easy capitulation.  “Just like that?  You never even cared about going with Skylar, did you?”

          “Did you expect me to tell you that I’m in love with her and nothing can keep us apart?” he retorted.  “Besides, I thought this was what you wanted.  What’s the problem now?”

          “The problem is guys like you who just use girls,” I told him.  “You don’t even care how they feel about you.  How can you be so heartless?”

          “I didn’t use her for anything,” he shot back, “so don’t put your own drama on me.”

          “What are you talking about?  What kind of drama did I put on you?” I demanded.

          “Guys who use girls,” he mimicked me.  “Whoever used you doesn’t have shit to do with me, so—“

          My rant cut him off.  “You don’t know what you’re talking about.  Nobody used me.  I just know guys like you use girls, because you’re selfish and you only care about yourself.  That’s all this is about, so don’t try to turn this on me.”

          “Somebody used you,” he stated coldly.  “You wouldn’t be this emotional about ‘guys using girls’ if it didn’t happen to you, but whatever.  I don’t care.  Just stick to the deal, and we’ll be fine.”

          “You stick to the deal,” I insisted.  “Cancel the date with Skylar, and I’ll get my mom to sign a prenup.”

          “Do you think I’m stupid?” he asked me.  “After you get what you want, you won’t care what I want.”

         “Not everyone is like you,” I retorted.  “I’ll hold up my end of the deal, but I don’t trust you to keep yours.  Cancel the date first.”

          “I’ve got a lot more to lose than you,” he argued.  “Prenup first.  Unless you’re stalling because you know your mother really is a—“

          I put both my fists up in fighting mode.  “Call her that again,” I dared him.

          His eyes dropped to my chest.  “I didn’t know you were that excited to see me, Lexie.”

          He was just baiting me, because I knew I wasn’t aroused.  I still instinctively covered my breasts from his gaze, and he laughed at me.

          “You’re so paranoid about hiding what other girls are dying to show me,” he commented.  “It would be cute if you didn’t have that stick permanently stuck up your ass.”  His voice hardened along with his expression.  “Don’t think I’ll go easy on you if you cross me.  This date will be only the beginning.  I know that Skylar tells you everything, and I’ll make sure there’s plenty to tell.  Then when I’m done with her, she’ll be crying on your shoulder for months, and you’ll know that it’s all your fault.”  

          I stared at him.  “How can you be like this?  How can you do that to Skylar?”

          “I haven’t done anything yet,” he said, “but I will if you don’t stick to our deal.”

          Mom arrived home then and was delighted to see Cade visiting us.  He affected his polite demeanor with her, and he promised that he would stay for dinner another time.

          “I’m going out with some friends,” he lied.  “I just stopped over to talk to Lexie about our history project.  We were assigned as partners today, and I realized that I don’t even have her number.”

          So then I was forced to exchange phone numbers with him in front of my mom.  He’d also manipulated me into being partners with him while underscoring his second demand in this deal he wanted me to make with him.  Now I would have to drop Jenna as my partner.

           “I’ve got to go meet my friends,” he said.  “See you tomorrow at school, Lexie.  Bye, Miss Chapman.”

          “Oh, call me Sarah,” Mom told him.  

          He smiled at her, and it was a shame that it was a false smile, because it would have been wonderful if it was real.  She didn’t deserve his animosity, and it would have been great if he was welcoming her into his family.  I wouldn’t have even minded if he didn’t like me as long as he accepted my mom.

          “Okay, Sarah.  You have a good evening,” he told her.

          “You too, Cade,” she replied and smiled warmly at him.

          She stood back watching as I went to the door with him.  He stepped out into the hallway and turned back to give me an intense look that communicated an unspoken warning about his ultimatum.  I kept my expression blank in response.  Let him wonder if I was going to follow through on our deal.

          “I’m so glad you’re getting along,” Mom said when I closed the door.  “We were worried how the two of you would handle becoming stepsiblings, but we should have known there wouldn’t be any problems.  You’re both such good kids.”

          Cade sure had her fooled, and he was demanding that I deceive her too.  I felt like the opposite of a good kid when I broached the subject of a prenuptial agreement with her, but she surprised me when she answered that she had already suggested it to Robert.

          “He won’t even think about it,” she exclaimed.  “He says he knows that he can trust me, and that’s that.”

          I relaxed in relief.  “That’s great, Mom.”
          “I don’t care about his money,” she insisted to me.

          “I know that, Mom,” I assured her.

          “Your father didn’t have any money, and I loved him with all my heart.”

          Her expression always softened when she mentioned my dad, and I felt a lump in my throat.  They were so much in love, and we would have been the perfect little family if he had lived.  Mom and I wouldn’t have to be trying to fit into this new family where we didn’t belong.

          I longed for the simplicity of the family life I had never actually experienced.  I didn’t think for a second that I could actually have that with Cade around, but I assumed that he would be satisfied that my mom had proven herself to Robert without my prompting.  She had fulfilled the deal for me without even knowing about it, and I expected Cade to uphold his end.
































Chapter 6



          I texted Cade right after dinner.  My mom already talked to your dad about a prenup.  Cancel the date

          He texted me back.  When it’s signed

          I sent him a reply.  He doesn’t want one

         Nice try

         I sighed after reading his response.  Ask him

         I didn’t hear back from him, so I thought the matter was settled.  My mind was on Skylar the rest of the night, and I didn’t get much sleep.  Despite this being for her own good, I felt guilty for ruining her happiness over this date.  She was looking forward to it so much, and now she would be so disappointed. 

          I was lost in these depressing thoughts the next morning as I left to catch my bus to school, and I didn’t see Cade waiting for me in the parking lot outside my building until he called my name.  He was standing next to a black Mustang.  The morning sun glinted off the shiny finish, and it looked as new as if he had just driven it off the showroom floor.  

          “Nice car,” I remarked enviously.

          “You think Skylar will like it?” he asked.  “Maybe I should get a limo for our first date.  What do you think?”

          “You’re not…aren’t you canceling the date?” I questioned uncertainly.

          “Is there a prenup?” he queried.

          “My mom already proved she’s not like that,” I said.  “She talked to him about it herself before you even brought it up.”

          “No prenup, no deal,” he stated obstinately.

          “I can’t force your dad to make a prenup,” I exclaimed in consternation.

          “Then I can’t cancel the date,” he retorted.

          “You’re being unfair,” I argued.  “How am I supposed to control what your dad does?”

          “Convince him,” he suggested.

          “How?” I demanded.
          “Tell him that your mom is after his money,” he replied.  “He might believe it if he hears it from her own daughter.”

          “What?” I asked in bewilderment.  “That doesn’t even make any sense.  Why would anybody say that about their mother?”

          He seemed to actually be considering my reasoning.  “Tell him…”  He paused and then continued with more surety.  “Tell him that he’s like the father you never had, and that you don’t want to lose him because of your mom.  Say that you’re tired of seeing her use men.  Knowing Dad, he’ll probably pay for your college education.”

          I just stood silently watching him talk.

          “Think about it,” he urged.  “What kind of future do you have right now?  Don’t you want to be better than your mom?  Granted, she raised you, but what has she accomplished in her life besides that?  She’s latching onto a man, because that’s all she knows how to do.  You can become more than that, Lexie, if you get an education and earn your own money.”

          “By getting your dad to pay for my education?” I enquired.  “By lying to him about my mom?  Maybe that’s your style, but it’s not mine.  Tell me something, what are you going to accomplish in your life?  Are you going to earn your own money, or are you counting on your dad’s money?  Is that why you’re so paranoid about it?”

          He smiled coldly at me.  “It’s my family’s money.  It’s mine to inherit and it’s my responsibility.  Yes,” he stressed at my raised eyebrows, “it’s a responsibility to protect my family’s legacy and pass it down to the next generation.”  His expression momentarily darkened, and I wondered if he was thinking of his sister.  “You might see it as just a bank account, but it’s more than that.”

          “You’re the only one who’s obsessed with your bank account,” I told him.  “Your dad knows there’s more to life than money.  He wants to share his life with someone.”

          There was a touch of amusement in his glacial smile.  “And of course that someone should be your mom.”

          “Why shouldn’t it be my mom?” I retorted.  “They’re in love.  I don’t know about your dad, but my mom never thought she’d be in love again after my dad.  If I can be happy for her, why can’t you be happy for your dad?”

          “Spare me your bullshit about love,” he snapped.  “Girls like you would do anything to marry into money.”

          “Like me?” I questioned.  “I’m not getting married.”

          “Like you and your mom,” he amended.  “Ever since I’ve been going to public school, girls have been dreaming about marrying me.”

          “Sounds like a nightmare to me,” I commented.

          His smile showed some teeth this time.  “I bet Skylar imagines herself as Mrs. Cade Stover.”

          I grimaced, because it was true.  She had actually mentioned that one time when we had been discussing some celebrity getting married.  Skylar had asked me about my wedding preferences and been dismayed when I expressed doubt about ever getting married.  She had assured me that I would and then started telling me about her dream wedding.  “And Cade would look amazing in his tux,” she had added before flushing in embarrassment.  “Not that I think he’ll marry me,” she had deflected immediately, “but a girl can dream, right?”

          “Leave her alone,” I pleaded openly with Cade as I recalled that incident and Skylar’s romantic delusions.

          “Prenup,” he insisted without softening one bit and turned to get into his car.

          I walked over to the passenger side, but Cade’s voice stopped me as I reached for the door handle.

          “What are you doing?” he asked.

         I looked toward him and saw him standing beside the driver’s side door while he regarded me with a cold expression.  “You made me miss my bus,” I told him.

          “I didn’t make you do anything,” he said.

          “I need a ride to school,” I stated.  “I’ll be late if I have to wait for the next bus.”

          “That’s your problem,” he told me.

          “You’re not going to give me a ride?” I asked in disbelief.  “We’re going to the same place.”

          “I’ll give you a ride,” he offered.  “Just not in my car.”

          “In what then?” I questioned.  “Do you have another vehicle?  Will you have time to get it here before school?”

          “Maybe you should forget about college,” he remarked.  “I don’t think you’re smart enough for it.  I was talking about riding me, Lexie,” he clarified.  “Most girls with any basic intelligence would have figured that out.”

          “How am I supposed to know you’re talking about that when you don’t even act like…” I began defensively before abruptly stopping when I realized what I had been about to say.  I quickly changed tactics lest he think I was complaining about him showing no attraction toward me.  “Sorry to deflate your ego, but not every girl thinks of you that way.  That’s why it never entered my mind to…”

          I cut off in annoyance and reached for the door handle again, but he locked the car doors.  He was walking toward me when I glanced up, and he had me pressed up against the car before I knew his intent.  My body came alive with the awareness of his body pressing into me.

          My hormones surged in response to the feel of him as my body remembered the pleasure it had experienced in the past and been denied since then.  As much as I hated to admit it to myself, I had enjoyed sex.  Lucas had used me, and I hated him for it, but I had liked having sex.  Even though he had destroyed my capacity to fall in love again, he hadn’t destroyed my sexual desire.  I blamed it on my teenage hormones and hoped that it would stop as I got older.

          The only thing I could do in the meantime was ignore my libido, but Cade was making that difficult right now.  His gaze had lost its cold detachment when it locked with mine, and it became thrillingly intense before his mouth crashed down on mine.

          My eyes were closed now, and all I could do was feel.  His kiss was rough and demanding, but it softened as I yielded to it.  His tongue delved into my mouth and stroked a sensual response from me.  The kiss was deep and long, and I gasped when I was jolted out of it by Cade yanking me up by grabbing my butt to lift me.  My legs instinctively wrapped around him for support, and he looked at me with a heated stare as he pressed me against the car.

          “Is your mom home?” he asked in a raspy, rough voice.

          “No,” I answered breathlessly.

          “Let’s go to your room,” he urged seductively, “so you can ride me.”

         That last part snapped me out of my lust.  “Get off me,” I gasped.

          “You’re on me,” he teased playfully before setting me down.

          I stumbled away from him in horror over what I had just done.  I couldn’t believe I had let him kiss me, and that I had kissed him back.  What was wrong with me?  The guy was a heartless asshole, and he was going to be my stepbrother.  And he was going out with my best friend.

          “Oh my God!” I exclaimed.

          “I hear that a lot,” Cade bragged.  “You won’t be able to stop saying it when you’re riding me.”

          I looked at him and saw him smirking at me, and I quickly looked away in humiliation.  “Don’t ever touch me again,” I warned and spun away to go back into the apartment building.

          “Raincheck?” he called after me in a mocking tone.  “I’ll tell Skylar you have a fever and need to stay in bed.  Sure you don’t want me to join you?”

          “Go to hell,” I yelled, but I was already there.

          I couldn’t face him or Skylar after what had just happened, but I couldn’t hide out in my room forever.  What was I going to do? 


Chapter 7



          I was about to read a text from Skylar when my mom called me.  “Lexie,” she exclaimed.  “Thank God!  I was so worried when the school called and said you weren’t there.”

          “I’m sorry,” I replied.  “I was too sick to go.”  That wasn’t far from the truth, because I did feel sick with anxiety over what I had done and how to deal with it.

          “What’s wrong?” Mom asked.

          “Upset stomach,” I told her truthfully, because my stress had manifested physically.

          “Make yourself some chicken soup,” she advised me.

          “That’s for a cold,” I reminded her.

          “Oh, well ginger ale is good for an upset stomach,” she said.  “Do we have any?  Should I stop and get some on the way home?”

          “No,” I answered.  “I’ll just drink some tea.  I’ll be fine.”

          That was the furthest thing from the truth, because I would not be fine.  There was no way that things could be fine now.  Even if Cade was abducted by aliens and disappeared from my life, I would still have to contend with my part in betraying my best friend.  If I had pushed him away when he started kissing me, I wouldn’t have been at fault for any of it.  But I hadn’t done that.  Not only had I made no protest, but I had kissed him back like I was the one with a crush on him.

          I had noticed how attractive Cade was, and it was another thing about him that pissed me off.  He already had wealth and athletic ability, so it wasn’t fair that he also had gorgeous looks.  He didn’t have to be ugly, but why couldn’t he be average looking?  Why did he have to have that sculpted masculine beauty that made him even more desirable?  With his high cheekbones, alluring eyes, sensual lips, and thick head of hair, he had every advantage for seducing girls. 

          At least I could attribute his fit body to playing basketball, but he hadn’t worked for anything else that he had.  He had everything just by virtue of being born that way.  Why was life so unfair?

           An even more important question was why I was attracted to jerks.  I hadn’t known that’s what Lucas was when I fell for him, but I knew exactly what Cade was.  Yet I had still responded to his kiss even without any romantic illusions about him.  So far in my life, both the guys who had turned me on were selfish assholes.  It was starting to look like I had a type, and it was definitely the wrong type.

          Was it just about physical appearance?  It certainly had to be with Cade, because there was nothing else about him that appealed to me.  His looks shouldn’t matter if I disliked him as a person, but there was no denying that his looks had been enough to entice me into kissing him back.

          Why had he even kissed me in the first place?  He had nothing to gain from it, unless…
          Unless he was planning to use it against me as some kind of blackmail.  But he had no proof that it had happened.  I could just deny it.  Also, how would he even use it as blackmail anyway?  No, this train of thought was ridiculous.  I was just being paranoid because of my guilty conscience.

           I felt terrible as I read Skylar’s text.  Cade says you’re sick.  How are you feeling?  Need me to get you anything?  I’ll come see you after school

          I thought about telling her not to come over, that I was too sick for a visit, but I decided it would just be more difficult to deal with this the longer I put it off.  It was not something I could ignore, and I didn’t have time to procrastinate.  Her date with Cade was this weekend.  I couldn’t let her go on it in ignorant bliss.  Thinking that Cade was a great guy would leave her vulnerable to his manipulation.  Telling her would be bad, but staying silent would be even worse.

          Knowing that didn’t make it any easier to confess when she came over.  “Hey,” she said.  “Are you feeling any better?”

          “No,” I told her, “but it’s my own fault.  I did something really stupid.”

          She smiled in sympathy.  “Something you ate, huh?  Something really greasy and good, but then you pay for it the next morning.”

          “There’s something I have to tell you,” I said in such a serious tone that she took notice.  “Did Cade say anything about what happened this morning?”

          “No,” she replied.  “He just told me you weren’t coming to school because you were sick.  What happened?”

            “He was here,” I revealed.  “He was outside waiting for me when I left to go to school.  We got into an argument, and then the next thing I knew…he was…he…kissed me.”

          She stared at me in seeming incomprehension.  “Cade kissed you?”

          “Yes,” I confirmed morosely.

          “Why would you say something like that?” she demanded.

          “Because it’s true,” I told her.  “I’m sorry, Skylar, but it happened.”

          “It happened?” she questioned angrily.  “How could it just happen?” 

          “He pushed me up against his car and kissed me,” I responded in agitation.  “That’s how it happened.” 

           “He forced it on you?” she asked in a more subdued tone.

          “No,” I admitted.  “I let him kiss me.”

          We both lapsed into silence as she processed that.  I wanted to tell her I was sorry, but it seemed like an empty apology.  There was no excuse for it.  

          “You’re lying,” she declared suddenly.  “You don’t want me to go out with him, and you’re making this up.”

          “I wish I was lying,” I said.  “I wish it had never happened, but it did.”

          She whipped out her phone.  “We’re going to get this settled right now.”

          I said nothing as she called Cade, but I protested when she asked him to come over to my apartment.  “I don’t want him here!”

          She hung up with him and fixed a stern look on me.  “I don’t want to do this either, but you’re going to say this in front of him, and I’ll see what he says about it.”

          He was going to lie.  That’s what he would have to say about it.  Either he would deny that it happened, or he would claim that I had kissed him and he had rejected my advances.  Either way, bringing him here would just add to my humiliation and accomplish nothing.

          Skylar and I shared an uncomfortable silence until he arrived.  She opened the door for him as I sat brooding on the couch.  “What’s wrong?” I heard him ask.  “Does she need a doctor?”

          Yeah, I thought, I need a psychiatrist.  I could only manage to direct a frown at Cade, because I was too filled with disgust for myself to be angry with him.

          “Tell him what you told me,” Skylar prodded.

          “Cade kissed me this morning,” I said in a monotone as I stared at the floor, because there was no use in trying to sound convincing.  I then waited for him to deny it.

          “Yes, I did,” he agreed.

          My eyes flew up to his face to find him watching me.

          “And she kissed me back,” he added.  He shifted his gaze to Skylar’s shocked face.  “I’m sorry, but I can’t go out with you after that.”

          “You,” I spat.  “You can’t go out with her?  You’ve got some nerve.  You don’t even deserve to kiss her feet, you—“

          “Why would you do that?” Skylar wailed.

          I wasn’t sure if she was talking to him or me.  “I’m sorry,” I pleaded with her.  “I’m so sorry.”

          “No you’re not,” Cade stated.  “You wanted to kiss me.  I saw it in your eyes.  That’s why I kissed you.”

          Skylar’s eyes were filled with tears, and she ran out of the apartment.  I tried to go out the door after her, but Cade got in my way.

          “What are you going to say to her?” he asked me.  “What can you say to make it better?”

          “Why’d you tell her that?” I demanded.

          “Why’d you tell her?” he countered.

          “Because I have a conscience,” I retorted.  “You don’t.”

          He didn’t argue that statement.  “I told her because it’s the truth, and because I’m bored with her.  I only asked her out because you didn’t want me to, but I don’t feel like going through the motions with her anymore.”

          “You broke her heart because you were bored?” I exclaimed in outrage.  “You knew she liked you.  You knew it, but you played with her emotions anyway.  How can you do that to someone?”

          “You knew she liked me too,” he retorted.

          And that was the biggest kick in the teeth, because it was true.  I knew better than anyone how much she liked him, but I hadn’t thought about that at all when he kissed me.  I was raging at him, but I wasn’t any better.

          “You know what I think?” he asked without waiting for a response.  “I think the real reason you didn’t want her going out with me is because you want me for yourself.”

          “Get out!” I yelled furiously and tried to shove him out of the open doorway.

          “Methinks the lady doth protest too much,” he said and smirked at me.  “Call me if you still have that fever tomorrow, Lexie.”

          He finally left me alone after that, but it was like the aftermath of a hurricane.  There was nothing but destruction in his wake. 












Chapter 8



          I spent the rest of the afternoon and evening feeling more depressed than I ever have in my life.  I had completely screwed up, and there was nothing I could do to fix it.  Maybe I should have pretended to Skylar that Cade forced the kiss on me, but that just felt so wrong.  He was an arrogant asshole, but I couldn’t make him out to be some kind of rapist, not even to save my friendship with Skylar.  My actions were already bad enough, but lying about that would have made me completely despicable.

          I could have just not said anything to her about it at all, but I couldn’t stomach that option either.  Staying silent about Cade’s cheating would have essentially made me the other woman in this situation.  I would have been wracked with guilt the first time he kissed her while she was blissfully oblivious to the fact that he had also kissed me.  I had no intention of ever letting it happen again, but I also couldn’t forget that it had happened.

          Cade was wrong about me wanting him for myself.  Although I had felt a physical attraction toward him when he got too close, I hadn’t ever wanted to draw his attention to me.  I hadn’t done anything to make myself appealing to him in any way.  My appearance was still exactly the same, and I certainly hadn’t flirted with him or even tried to engage him in conversation.  Poor Skylar had gone all out, and he didn’t appreciate it one bit.

          I hoped that after the dust settled that she would realize how unworthy he was of her.  I was glad that she hadn’t heard him call her boring, and especially that she didn’t know he claimed to have asked her out only to spite me.  Her confidence didn’t need a hit like that.  What an asshole!  It made me fuming mad every time I thought about his callousness.

          The only good thing to come out of this whole mess was that I no longer had to worry about Cade seducing Skylar.  At least she was safe from being used that way by him.  He had still broken her heart, but at least she hadn’t been in that deep with him.  She would be spared the regret of sleeping with him, and I hoped that would help her heart mend faster.

          The worst part of it was that I was involved in breaking her heart.  I could have consoled her if it had been some other girl, but I was the actual salt in her wound.  No, there was no way to fix this as far as I could see.  Our friendship wasn’t going to survive this, especially with me moving into Cade’s house.

          That turned out to be happening sooner than I had anticipated.  After reassuring Mom that I was feeling much better and sipping some of the ginger ale she had brought me, I heard her latest excited news about the wedding.  It was going to be at the end of September.

          “This September?” I asked in dismay.

          “Yes,” Mom confirmed.  “I thought it would be impossible to find a place that wasn’t already booked months in advance, but Robert suggested that we have it at the house.  He also would like you to get started right away on redecorating your room.  Maybe this weekend?”

          “Sure,” I replied.  

          “And we’ll go shopping for dresses,” she said.

          I could tell that she was just as eager to get married as Robert was.  Mom had refused to move in with him before they got married, so I guessed that was the reason he wanted to get married as soon as possible.  It seemed like Mom couldn’t wait either, which I supposed was the way it should be when two people were in love.  Mom’s happiness was the only bright spot in my life right now.

          “Do you think that Skylar would like to be a bridesmaid?” she enquired, and my mood plummeted.

          “She hates me,” I confessed.  “Oh, Mom, I messed up bad.”

          “What happened?” she asked in concern.

          “She likes this guy,” I explained, “but he kissed me, and now she hates me.”

          “This boy kissed you?  She likes him, but he likes you,” she surmised.  “And you like him too.  That’s a tricky one.”

          “No,” I told her.  “I don’t like him at all.  That’s what’s so messed up about it.  He’s a selfish jerk, but I let him kiss me anyway just because he’s good-looking.  I knew that she liked him, Mom, but I still wanted him to kiss me.”

          I had just admitted to her what I hadn’t even wanted to admit to myself.  Cade hadn’t misinterpreted what he saw in my eyes when he had pressed me up against his car this morning.  I had desired him, and that was the ugly truth I couldn’t escape.

          “Why am I like this?” I demanded in desperation.  “Why am I attracted to jerks?”

          Mom sighed.  “I hope you don’t have my mother’s taste in men.”

          Her mother had died when Mom was twelve.  It hadn’t been her abusive husband that killed her but cancer.  I had wondered why she had such bad luck.  Wasn’t a terrible marriage enough to suffer in life?  I would have liked to have had my maternal grandmother around, but Mom’s father probably would have forbidden her from seeing me just like he forbid Mom’s stepmother.

          “You shouldn’t let a guy get between you and your friend,” Mom advised me.

         “Too late,” I remarked.  “He already has.”

          “Are you dating him?” she asked.

          “No way,” I proclaimed.  “I’m never making a mistake like that again.  I’m not going to date again until I finish college.”

          Her lips twisted like she was trying to hold back a smile.  “Good idea.”

          “I’m not,” I insisted.  “Guys just ruin everything.”  I hurried on as she opened her mouth to say something.  “I know you met Dad in high school, but he was one in a million.”
          “He was,” she agreed with that soft smile she always had when we talked about him.

          I’d asked her once if she ever felt sad when she thought about him, because I had secretly wondered why she never looked sad when we mentioned him.  She had answered that he’d always made her happy, so remembering him made her happy.  She also said that she felt like he was watching over me and seeing me grow up.  “He’s not gone,” she said.  “He’s just somewhere else.”

          I liked to think so too, but sometimes I wished so much that he was here instead of somewhere else.  I would feel more secure if I had him here to lean on.  I tried not to be a burden on Mom, because she had enough to deal with.  She had Robert now to help her, and I was glad for her, but it also made me feel more alone.  She had him to share her life with now, and I had no one.

          I didn’t even have Skylar anymore, but that was my own fault.  What a waste it was to lose my best friend over Cade.  If Mom knew that he was the guy who had come between us, she wouldn’t have reacted so calmly.  I was aware that revealing that to her could create a big problem for her and Robert, because she wouldn’t want me living with the guy who had kissed me.  Since I was resolved not to let that happen ever again, I was sure that there was no need to tell Mom.

          I worried about Cade deciding to use it as a way to stop the wedding, since he had failed in his plan for the prenup.  I no longer needed our deal, since he couldn’t manipulate Skylar anymore.  He had nothing else to hold over my head except this secret that would upset our parents.  I hoped that it wouldn’t occur to him to tell them, but all I could do was wait and see.

          I woke up tired and dejected the next day.  Mom was working the early morning shift at Denny’s again, so I didn’t have to pretend that I was going to bounce back from this.  I dreaded seeing Skylar at school today.  I wanted to claim illness again and stay home, but I couldn’t do that every day.

          I thought I had gotten the worst part over with yesterday when I confessed my betrayal to her, but now I had to prepare myself to live with her hatred.  I deserved it, but I skipped breakfast to avoid another bout with an upset stomach.  It was still roiling with anxiety as I rode the bus to school.

          I didn’t meet up with Skylar by her locker before classes started like I usually did, and I was already missing our comfortable routine.  My feet dragged me reluctantly to my first class, but Skylar never showed up to it.  I would normally have texted her, but I hesitated since I knew she now hated me.  I went back and forth on it all day and always deleted the texts I started to write to her.

          I still wasn’t hungry at lunch time, so I went to the library to avoid having to make small talk with the people at my table in the cafeteria.  I now realized that I would have to move from that table since Skylar would no longer be sitting at Cade’s table and would be back sitting at ours.  I was sure that she wouldn’t want to sit with me, so I would have to find somewhere else to sit.

          “Why aren’t you eating lunch?” Cade asked as he invaded my refuge in the quiet library.

          I stopped my musings about Skylar and half-heartedly focused on him.  “Not hungry.”

          “The wedding is next month,” he told me.

          “Yeah,” I said.
          “What the hell’s wrong with you?” he demanded.  “You look like you’re ready to jump off a bridge.”

         “Good idea,” I responded in the same dejected tone.

          He scowled at me.  “Over Skylar?  Are you kidding me?”

          “She hates me,” I exclaimed.

          “She’ll get over it,” he said dismissively.

          “No, she won’t,” I insisted.  “I kissed her boyfriend.  She’ll never forgive me.  Never.”

          “Boyfriend?” he questioned in disbelief.  “We never even went on a date.”

          “Because of me,” I said with all the self-recrimination I was feeling.

          “You didn’t even want her to go out with me,” he reminded me.

          “I didn’t want her to hate me either,” I said.

          “Then why’d you tell her?” he asked.

           “Because I had to,” I replied.  “She had to know that she couldn’t trust you.”

          “Whatever,” he said impatiently.  “Stop moping.  Dad wants you to come over and start on that room.  I’ll drive you to my house after school.”

          “I’ve got work after school today,” I told him.

           “Don’t be ridiculous,” he snapped.  “You don’t need that job anymore.”

          “Since I am not independently wealthy, I need that job,” I retorted.

          “You’re moving into my house,” he began.

          “That’s right,” I interjected.  “Your house, not mine.  Nothing in that house is mine, but the money I earn is mine.  So I’m going to work after school.  I’ll come over before my shift tomorrow.”

          He regarded me for a moment.  “You’re serious.  You’re really keeping that crappy job.”

          “If it’s so crappy, then why do you eat their food?” I demanded.  “We don’t need you or your snobby attitude, so go to one of your fancy restaurants the next time you’re hungry.”

          He just stood there smirking at me.

         “What?” I demanded.

          “You’re back,” he said and began to walk away before I could ponder what he meant.  “See you in class partner,” he called out with his back turned to me.

          He was gone before I could argue that Jenna was my partner.  I got up to sprint after him, because I realized that I didn’t want to discuss our former deal in class.  I caught up to him in the hallway outside the library, which was thankfully still empty.

          “Hey wait,” I called.

          He stopped walking and turned to look at me.  “Yes?”

          “Jenna’s my partner,” I reminded him.  “The teacher marked us down as partners.”  I had been about to mention that our deal was off but decided not to bring it up if I could help it.

          “I told the teacher yesterday that we were switching partners,” he informed me.  “You’re with me.” 

          The presumptuous way he said that irked me.  “You can’t just change it without asking me.  I don’t have to be your partner.”

          “Yeah, you kind of do,” he countered casually.  “You see, Lexie, my dad got really pissed at me for wanting your mom to sign a prenup.  He told me that I better treat her with the utmost respect.  He’s a stickler for all that, so he wouldn’t allow us to live together if he knew about what happened yesterday.  That would kind of make it hard for them to get married, don’t you think?”

          I said nothing as I wondered why he was using this for something as insignificant as a school project and not to stop the marriage.

          “Don’t think they’ll believe me?” he enquired in the same casual tone.  “I’ll tell your mom to ask Skylar about it.  She might have some things to say.”

          I narrowed my eyes at him.  “Why don’t you want me to talk to Jenna?  What kind of dirt does she have on you?”

          His expression darkened, and his voice was cold as ice.  “Jenna is permanently cut off.”

          “What does that even mean?” I questioned.

          “It means she’s out for good.  I wouldn’t spit on her if she was on fire.  Don’t ever cross me, Lexie,” he warned.  “I’ll step right over you if I see you dying in the street.”

          “I’m giving your mom a chance against my better judgement,” he continued as I stared at him.  “If she fucks my dad over, I’ll make it my mission in life to destroy her.”

          After that charming declaration, he left me standing there wondering if I wouldn’t be better off getting my mom and myself as far away from Cade Stover as possible.  Then I scoffed at his bullshit.  He was just a seventeen year old guy with a rich daddy.  He didn’t have any kind of power to destroy anyone.  I’d play by his stupid rules if he backed off and let my mom marry his dad in peace. 
Chapter 9
    


          Jenna texted me after school while I was at work.  She had said nothing in class about the partner switch, but I still felt bad about it even though I hadn’t wanted to work with Cade.  I read her message during my break.  She wanted to know when we would be decorating my new room, and I texted her back about going there tomorrow.  She offered to drive me, and I accepted.

          I spent the rest of my break composing a text to Skylar, and I hit send before I could change my mind.  It was done, and it was her decision now if she would ever speak to me again.  There was no reply from her by the end of my shift, and I was pretty sure there never would be.  After everyone else left, I lingered at the edge of the empty parking lot as I read my text to her over again in preparation to delete it from my phone.

          Skylar, I know there’s nothing I can say.  I know being sorry doesn’t change what I did, but I am so, so sorry.  I know you hate me, but I hope you can forgive me someday.  I would do anything to get our friendship back.  Please don’t hate me forever.  I hope you’ll give me another chance.

          “Your mother lets you walk home alone at night?”

          Cade’s voice startled me so much that I almost dropped my phone.  “You almost gave me a heart attack!” I exclaimed.  

          “Because you’re not paying attention to what’s going on around you,” he scolded me.  “You wouldn’t even see an attacker until it was too late.”

          “What are you doing here?” I demanded.

          “Keeping you safe, obviously,” he replied, “since your mom doesn’t seem to care about your safety.  What kind of mother lets her daughter walk home alone at ten o’clock at night?”

          “It’s a main road,” I said defensively, “and I live right down the street.  Besides, not everyone can afford to buy their kid a Mustang.  You wouldn’t have a car either if your dad didn’t buy it for you.”

          “I would have had a Porsche at my old school, but Dad thought it would be too flashy for public school.  Get in,” he said as he opened the passenger door.  “I’m driving you home.”

          “Why?” I questioned.  “Since when do you care about my safety?  What are you up to?”

          “About six one,” he retorted, and it took me a little while to realize it was a quip about his height.  “I told you about my dad,” he continued.  “He’s protective about his family, and now he considers you and your mom part of his family.  He expects me to watch out for you.”

           “Are you going to make sure my mom gets home okay too?” I asked curiously.  “Her car stalls out sometimes.”

          “His woman, his responsibility,” Cade snapped.  “Now get in the car.”
          “No,” I said.  “It was nice of your dad to send you to give me a ride, but you don’t need to actually do it.  I’ll tell him you did if he asks me.”  

          “You won’t tell him anything if you don’t make it home,” he argued, “so get in the damn car.”

          I rolled my eyes at his dramatics.  “I’ve been working since I was twelve years old, and I can take care of myself.  So stop acting like I’m helpless.”

          Cade slammed the car door and strode up to me.  I was prepared to argue with him, but he quickly got around me and grabbed my wrists from behind.  “Break my hold,” he ordered.

          I struggled against him.  “Let me go!”

          He pulled me back against him and started dragging me back into the dark, empty parking lot of the car wash next door to the fast food restaurant where I worked.  I kept struggling to break his hold, but he managed to get me all the way to the building where he leaned against the wall and held me captive in his iron grip.

          His voice wasn’t even winded when he spoke.  “What would happen right now if this was a real attack?”

          “Let go of me,” I demanded furiously.

          “Let’s assume the attacker wouldn’t let go of you,” he proposed.  “What would happen then?”

          “I’d scream,” I answered in exasperation.  “You proved your point, so let me go.”

          “You should have screamed right away when I grabbed you,” he said.  “Now I’ve already got you where I can knock you out and do what I want.”

          “I would have screamed if it was a stranger,” I told him in annoyance.  “I know all this stuff.”

          “But you don’t know how to get out of an attacker’s hold if he grabs you.  I’m not acting like you’re helpless, Lexie.  You are helpless right now.”

          That was something I didn’t want to admit, so I tried to stomp on his foot.  He somehow anticipated the move and swept my leg to knock me off balance and maneuver me to the ground.  Breaking my fall to keep me from slamming into the cement, he still managed to end up on top of me and pin me to the ground with his body.

          I was panting from the tussle and from the weight pressing down on me.  “Get off,” I gasped.

         “Admit that you’re helpless,” he demanded.

         “Fuck you,” I panted.

         “Thanks, but you smell like grease and onions,” he said before rolling off me.

          “You asshole,” I raged as I sat up.

          “Yes,” he agreed, “but just think how this would have turned out if I was worse than an asshole.  I could have…oh shit, my car!”

          “I hope someone stole it,” I yelled after him as he jumped up from the ground with impressive agility and ran toward the street.

         I hurried to get up and go after him, because being here alone was suddenly creeping me out.  I knew there was no one hiding in the dark waiting to grab me, but Cade had infected me with paranoia.  He was standing by his precious car as I approached the curb, and he opened the passenger door for me.

          This time I got in without a fight, but I still glared at him.  “It’s too bad your car’s gonna smell like grease and onions now,” I remarked.

          “Aww, I didn’t mean to hurt your feelings,” he said in a mockingly apologetic tone and closed the door.

          He walked around and got in the driver’s seat.  “I’ll be happy to take you up on your offer after you take a shower though,” he informed me.

          “I’d rather smell like grease and onions forever than let you touch me,” I retorted.  “And I don’t appreciate the shit you just pulled.  Don’t try to tell me that your dad would be happy about it either.”

          “He wouldn’t,” he confirmed, “but we both know you’re not going to tell him about it.  One secret leads to another.”

          “That’s lies,” I corrected him as he started the car and drove away from the curb.  “One lie leads to another.”  

          “Just like one thing leads to another,” he commented.

          “Not this time,” I stated darkly and glanced out the window.

          Cade drove in silence for a moment.  “So, who hires a twelve year old?” he asked.  “What kind of job can you have at that age?”

          “I delivered newspapers,” I replied, “mowed lawns, shoveled neighbor’s driveways, babysat their kids, stuff like that.”

          “Why didn’t your mom just get on welfare?” he questioned.  “Why make her kid work?”

          “She didn’t make me work,” I fumed, “and we didn’t need to be on welfare.  We were still living with my grandma.  She told me how my dad was always working from the time he was a kid, so I wanted to do that too.  Plus it gave me my own spending money.”

          We were already pulling up to my apartment building, since it was a very short distance by car.  Cade turned off the engine, and I was struck by the strangeness of this whole situation when my normal response would have been to thank someone for a ride home.

          “Well, uh—“

         “What’d you buy?” he asked, interrupting my attempt to say something in parting.

         “Uh, what?” I enquired.

         “With your spending money,” he clarified.  “What’d you buy with it?”

          “Oh,” I responded.  “Clothes.”

          “Clothes,” he repeated in a disapproving tone.  “That’s what you bought.”

          I bristled at his attitude.  “Yeah, go ahead and make some stupid sexist joke about girls shopping, but you went shopping for your clothes too.  The only difference is that you paid for them with your dad’s credit card, so don’t act like I’m frivolous for spending my money on clothes.”

          He snorted.  “The last thing you are is frivolous.  And you’re right.  I did pay for my clothes with my dad’s credit card.  Do you know why, Lexie?  Because parents are supposed to buy their kids clothes.  It’s one of the things they’re supposed to provide, just like food and a place to live.  I’m surprised you didn’t use your ‘spending money’ on rent.”

          I was fuming mad now.  “My mom buys me clothes!  I just bought extra.”

          “Right,” he commented in a clipped tone.  “I see all the extras you have.  You’ve got one pair of shoes, and you don’t have any shorts.  It’s been hot as fuck the past couple of days, so don’t tell me you wouldn’t wear shorts if you had them.”

           He was correct in assuming I didn’t have shorts.  I avoided buying clothes that I couldn’t wear year round, because I tried to get as much mileage out of my clothes as possible.  I also wore one pair of shoes until I needed to replace them.  Me being frugal didn’t mean that my mom didn’t buy me clothes though.  I just tried to take as much of the burden off her as I could, so I pretended like I hated shopping.

          “I don’t like wearing shorts,” I insisted to Cade.  “They don’t look good on me.”

          He snorted again.  “Don’t try to pretend like you spend one minute thinking about what you wear.  You throw on a pair of jeans and a t-shirt every day and that’s it.  I know guys who spend more time deciding what to wear than you do.”

          “I’m sorry if I’m not feminine enough for you,” I declared, “but I really don’t give a crap what you think.  I didn’t ask for your opinion, and I didn’t ask you for a ride.  So stay the fuck out of my life.”  I flung open the door and sprang from the car.

          Cade caught up to me before I could reach the door to my apartment building.  “I wasn’t complaining,” he said.  “You’re natural and…real.  Yeah, that’s the word.  It’s kind of hot.”
          “And you’re kind of full of shit,” I retorted to cover up how disturbed I was by his description of me.  “Stop trying to get me to have sex with you.  It’s not going to happen.”

          “If I was trying to have sex with you, it would already be happening,” he replied confidently.  “I’m just trying to get you home, so let’s go.  I don’t have all night.”

          “You don’t have to walk me to my door,” I protested.

          He stepped forward and pushed open the door to my building.  “I don’t have to do anything.  Now c’mon.”

          Seeing that I wasn’t going to get rid of him until I got to my apartment, I reluctantly walked past him into the building.  He entered behind me and followed me down the hall.  Mom and I were on the ground floor at the very end of the hallway.  Cade and I passed two guys I didn’t recognize, but they both smiled at me.

          “Who are they?” Cade questioned in the tone of an interrogator.

          “I don’t know,” I answered.  “They were probably here visiting someone.”

          “I told you it’s not safe for you to be walking home alone,” he griped.  “You couldn’t even fight off one attacker, let alone two.”

          “They didn’t even do anything,” I exclaimed.  “You’re worse than my mom.”

          “Your mom.”  He spat the word out in disgust.  “She doesn’t even take care of you.  She brought you into this world and left you to fend for yourself.”   

          “That’s not true,” I defended her in outrage as I stopped walking and turned to confront him.  “She works two jobs to take care of me.  She never even took a vacation until this year.”

          “Whose fault is that?” he retorted.  “Maybe if she waited until she got married to have a kid, she wouldn’t have to work two jobs.”

          “You’re not married, but you’re having sex,” I pointed out to the hypocrite.  “What if you got your girlfriend pregnant?  But what if you weren’t rich?  And what if she died and left you with the baby?  How many jobs would you have to work?  It’s so easy to talk, but…”

          I trailed off, because his expression had turned to stone.  It was as hard and unyielding as granite, and my words couldn’t penetrate it.

          “I would have taken care of my kid,” he ground out.

          He spun around without another word and strode away toward the exit, leaving me confounded about his strange moods.


Chapter 10



          I distinctly remembered the conversation I’d had with Mom about what first drew her to my dad.  It was an unlikely match, because Mom had been popular in high school, and Dad was more of a loner.  He had a motorcycle instead of a car, and he took the bus to school in the winter.  Her previous boyfriend drove her around in a Corvette, and he was also the most popular guy in their grade.

          “My father loved him,” she told me.  “That should have been my first clue that he wasn’t the guy for me.”

          Her father had also demanded to know why they had broken up, and Mom explained how she had discovered that he was cheating on her.  “Did you sleep with him?” her dad had asked.

         “No,” Mom had insisted, worried that he wouldn’t believe her.  “I swear I didn’t.”

         “Then you got nothing to worry about,” he said.  “You’re the one he’s gonna marry.  He’s just sowing his wild oats with the other girl.  She’s not the kind he’ll bring home to meet his family.”

          He expected her to get back together with her cheating boyfriend, but Mom had refused.  She had sworn off dating, but she fell for my dad because he was different from the other guys she knew.  He didn’t even ask her out or try to flirt with her.

          He’d offered her a ride home one day out of the blue, and she’d only accepted it to spite her ex-boyfriend.  She had to wrap her arms around my dad’s waist while she rode on his motorcycle, but he didn’t get any ideas from the physical contact.  He had driven her straight home and been the perfect gentleman.  The rides home had become a daily thing, but she had refused his offer to drive her to school.  She didn’t want her father to see her with this boy he surely wouldn’t approve of.  He was at work when she arrived home from school, and she knew that her stepmother wouldn’t tell on her.

          She started sitting with my dad during lunch.  They talked about their plans for the future, and he told her about his dream to eventually open his own car repair shop.  He was taking shop, and he would be spending the last two years of high school completing vocational training to become an auto mechanic.

          The conversations they had were like the ones she had with any of her friends, and they began to talk on the phone as well.  “Even if my father overheard me, he wouldn’t know I was talking to a guy.  If he had seen Tony, he would have assumed he was a bad boy out to seduce me.  But Tony was so sweet and genuine.  He was so down to earth and…real.”

          It had rattled me when Cade used that same word to describe me.  While I liked the similarity to my dad, it disturbed me that Cade had been the one to make that assessment of me.  It would have been nice to hear it from someone else rather than him.  I didn’t want to associate anything Cade said with my mom’s beloved reminiscences of my dad. 

          Cade sent me a text message the following day telling me that the decorator would be at his house at eleven, and that he would pick me up at 10:30, but I texted back that I already had a ride.  When I texted Jenna, she replied that 10:30 was fine with her.

          Mom was home this morning, so I was able to confront her right away.  “I don’t want Cade driving me home from work,” I complained.  “He showed up last night and practically abducted me.  He’s just a complete pain in the butt, Mom.  Will you please tell Robert that I don’t need Cade driving me home anymore?”

          “He sent Cade to drive you home from work?” she questioned.  “How did he even know your schedule?”

          “I thought you told him,” I said.

          “No,” she denied.  “He didn’t ask me anything about your work schedule.  It was very sweet of Cade to drive you home though.”

           Cade and sweet did not belong in the same sentence.  If she knew how critical he was of her behind her back, Mom wouldn’t think he was so sweet either.  “It was sweet of Robert to worry about me,” I corrected her.  “Cade just did it because Robert made him do it.”

          “You should appreciate what Cade did for you,” she chided me.  “I hope you thanked him.”

          “I did,” I told her, “but will you get Robert to quit making him drive me home?”

          “I feel better knowing you’re with Cade,” she said.  “You hear about so many terrible things happening to young girls these days.”

          “Mom,” I whined, “I work right down the street.  I’ve always walked home from work.  Why is it a problem all of a sudden?”

          “That’s because you had no choice,” she replied.  “I know you’re used to being independent, but there is nothing wrong with accepting help from people.  You should be happy that Cade is already treating you like a sister.  I have to admit that I was worried about how he would react to his father remarrying, but he has been wonderfully supportive.”

          It was like we weren’t even talking about the same person.  She had no idea what Cade was really like.  There was nothing wonderful or supportive about him, and he certainly didn’t treat me like a sister.  If she knew how many times he’d suggested that I should have sex with him, she would change her tune.  She didn’t know any of that though, and I couldn’t tell her.

          “He’s annoying me,” I complained, voicing the only part of the truth I could.

          She smiled in amusement.  “That’s what brothers do.”

          I could see that my complaints weren’t going to convince her, so I resorted to pleading.  “Will you talk to Robert, please?  Please, Mom?”

          “Okay,” she relented, “I’ll talk to him, but he’s just being protective of you.”

          “I know,” I acknowledged, “and I appreciate it, but I like my independence.  What can I say?  I’m a modern woman,” I joked.

         It didn’t make her smile.  “You’re not a woman, Lexie.  You’re still a kid, but you’ve had to grow up too fast.”

          I scoffed at that.  “Other people my age have jobs.  I’m not the only kid at school who works.  It doesn’t mean I grew up too fast.” 

          “It wasn’t fair to you,” she said.  “We should have been more careful.  We should have waited.  It was…we were just too caught up in the moment and didn’t even think about birth control, and you were the one who paid the price for our selfishness.”

          My heart constricted at hearing her say that.  She had never expressed any regret before for one single minute with my dad, and I couldn’t stand her spoiling the perfection of their love now.   “Selfishness,” I exclaimed as I lashed out at her.  “You said that I was the embodiment of your love, but now you wish you hadn’t had me?”

          “No,” she responded in shock.  “How could you even think that?”

          “Because that’s what you said,” I retorted furiously.

          “No,” she insisted.  “I said I wish we would have waited until we were older to have you, when we could have given you more.”

          “Like after Dad died?” I enquired maliciously.  “Because then you wouldn’t have had me at all.”

         Her blue eyes were wide with shock and hurt.  She looked like a lost little girl, and it emphasized how much younger she was than the mothers of my peers.  “I love you,” she told me in a wounded voice.  “I could never wish I hadn’t had you, but I always want more for you.  You always want to give your kid everything, and your dad would feel the same way.  He would have loved you just as much as I do.”

          “I know that,” I said, because I had no doubts about my dad.  She never had either until now, and it upset me that she was referring to their love as selfishness.  “I know how he would feel, but how do you feel?  Do you regret being with him and—“

          “No!” she exclaimed.  “No, Lexie, never,” she insisted.  “I wouldn’t trade you for anything.  I love you, and I loved your dad.”

          And there it was.  Her love for him was in the past tense.  She was letting go of what she felt for him now that she was marrying someone else.  I tried to get the response I wanted from her.  “Do you think Dad would have wanted a son?”

          My calmer tone calmed her down too, as I had intended it to.  “He wasn’t like that.  He would have been happy either way.”
          I made one more attempt.  “He was special, huh?”

        “Yes,” she agreed and gave me a bright smile that broke my heart.

        It wasn’t her special smile, the one I saw only when she was talking about my dad.  That one was more soft and dreamy, but she didn’t have it now.  It had been replaced by a radiant smile that had nothing to do with reminiscing about her one true love.  This smile was all about her present happiness, and it was probably the one she would have on her wedding day.

         I had assumed that she loved Robert if she was marrying him, but I thought that love could never be as strong as the love she had for my father.  That was the kind of love you only found once in a lifetime.  Or was that just a romantic fantasy?

          A horrible thought struck me.  What if my dad hadn’t died?  Would my parents still be together?  Lots of kids at school had divorced parents, but I had thought that mine were special.  Only death could tear them apart.  But was I wrong?  Was it possible that they might have eventually broken up?

        I left our apartment that day feeling more disillusioned than when I had found out that Lucas had only used me to win a bet.  I was glad to get away from my mom, and even going to Cade’s house was preferable to being with her and doubting her feelings for my dad.

        “Thanks for picking me up,” I told Jenna.

          She looked at me as I sat down in her car.  “Who died?” she cracked.

          “My dad,” I stated darkly.

          There was a pause as I scowled while putting on my seatbelt.  “What?” she gasped.

          “It was a long time ago,” I said.

          “Oh,” she replied uncomfortably.  “So, do you have any ideas for your room?”

          “Robert hired a decorator,” I answered, “but I’d like something like what you did with your room.”  I hoped that she wouldn’t be annoyed that I was copying her style.

          She brightened with excitement.  “That’ll be amazing!  You won’t have to be limited by a budget, and you can make it spectacular.  This is gonna be so much fun!”

          I was relieved that she was so enthusiastic about it, but Cade had to ruin everything.  We hadn’t even reached his doorstep when he came flying out of the house.  “She’s your ride?  What the fuck, Lexie?  I told you I’d pick you up.”

          “I don’t want you to pick me up,” I stressed, hoping he’d get the reference to last night.  “I want you to mind your own business.”  I took Jenna by the arm and tried to go around Cade.

          He stepped directly in front of her.  “Where do you think you’re going?” he demanded in an icy tone.
          I answered for her.  “She’s coming with me.  We’re meeting with the decorator.”

          His glacial gaze stayed fixed on her.  “You’re not setting foot in my house.”

          I lost what little patience I had with him.  “I can invite who I want to my room, and I’m sure your dad will let me have friends over.  Do you really want me to bother him with this?”

         “We.  Are.  Done,” he stated in the coldest manner possible and turned his back on her to walk calmly back into the house.

          Jenna’s eyes glistened with unshed tears.  “I’ve gotta go.”

          “No, don’t let him win,” I urged.  “We can still—“

         She interrupted me in a broken voice.  “I can’t.”

          I watched her flee to her car and quickly drive around the circular driveway and back down toward the street.  Cade opened the front door as I stalked up toward it, and he moved back to allow me entrance like the polite host he wasn’t.

          “Just like that?” I sneered at him.  “We’re done, that’s all,” I added glibly.

          “This is not about you,” he said in a neutral tone.

          “No,” I agreed in disgust, “it’s about Jenna.  Remember her?  She’s one of the girls you’re done with.”

          He directed a bit of the coldness he’d shown toward her at me.  “I told you she was out.”

          “Oh yeah,” I remarked, “out like the trash.  But guess what, Cade.  She’s a person, and you can’t just throw away people.”

          His expression hardened, and his eyes narrowed to a dangerous glint.  “Tell that to her.”  

          He left me standing there with all kinds of questions swirling in my head.  Was it possible that Jenna was the one who had done something to destroy their relationship?  Was that why Cade was holding a grudge against her?  It seemed unthinkable that he could be the innocent party in this situation. 

          If she had “thrown him away” like he had hinted she had, then why was she trying so hard to get him back?  Why would she dump him if she loved him?  I had thought that I had Cade figured out, but now I didn’t know what to think.




Chapter 11



          The decorator showed me some great options when I told her my idea for the room, but it wasn’t as much fun as it would have been with a friend there to get excited about it with me.  It was also still difficult to think of this as my room.  Just the bathroom alone was nearly the size of my bedroom in our apartment.  It was so extravagant that it had the shower separate from the bathtub.

          I had never dreamed of having my own bathroom, but it was nice knowing that I wouldn’t have to share one with Cade.  He wouldn’t be pounding on the door and yelling for me to hurry up so that he could take his shower.  I’d never actually dealt with that kind of thing since I was an only child, but I had seen it in movies.  Mom and I were considerate of each other about taking turns and leaving the bathroom tidy after our showers, but I imagined that Cade would leave his used towels on the floor and maybe even drop his dirty laundry everywhere.

          He had probably never had to pick up after himself in his life.  I imagined him carelessly leaving behind messes for the servants to clean up.  He’d made fun of the messiness of my room, but his undoubtedly spotless room couldn’t be attributed to him but to his servants.  It was easy to keep everything looking perfect if other people did the work for you.

           I’d like to see how his room would look if he had to clean it himself.  It would probably be a worse mess than mine.  Once I moved in here though, I would keep my things in order.  It would be a shame to leave such a fine room in disarray, especially after it was newly redecorated. 

          I stood in silent contemplation after the decorator left to finalize my choices with Robert.  It felt peaceful in here and isolated from the outside world.  In our apartment building, I was more aware of the other people living there.  I’d hear them in the hallway or the occasional sound of music or noise from the surrounding apartments.  

          Here there was silence and lots of space to myself.  The view of the sprawling green lawn through the large window added to the secluded feeling of the place.  No neighboring houses were visible from my vantage point, and I wondered how far back the property stretched.  A chain-link fence had separated my grandma’s small backyard from that of the neighbor behind her, and the houses on either side of her were set even closer together with only driveways and narrow patches of grass separating them.

          I had been comfortable in that neighborhood though, because it was where I had grown up.  It was home in a way that our apartment wasn’t, because it lacked the familiarity of my old neighborhood.  I had known all my neighbors and played with their kids.  There had been a connection there to my dad that made me feel like I belonged there.  I had none of that at the apartment, so it still felt like just a temporary place after over a year of living there.  I had made no effort to settle in and get to know any of my neighbors.

          I couldn’t imagine ever feeling like I belonged here either, but I would enjoy this beautiful view of the grounds while I was here.  That and the silence would be the best perks of living here.  I had never experienced this much quiet before.

          Reluctantly pulling myself out of this tranquil oasis, I turned away from the window and was startled to see Cade leaning in the doorway of the room.  His right shoulder was propped against the doorjamb, and his hands were in the pockets of his basketball shorts in a pose that made him look like he had been there awhile.

          I wanted to snap at him about watching me like a creeper, but this was his house.  “I’m leaving,” I volunteered instead. 

          “How?” he asked.

          I frowned at the question.  Jenna had been my ride, but he had chased her off.  It was much too far to walk since it was quite a distance even by car.  “Um…I’ll see if—“

          He cut off my uncertain response.  “I’ll drive you.  I just wanted to see if you would ask me, but you would rather ask anyone else but me.  I still don’t know what your problem is with me.  What did I ever do to you?”

          “You mean besides insulting my mom, cheating on my best friend, and knocking me down in a parking lot?” I retorted.

         “I’m talking before that,” he replied.  “You already had a problem with me before you even met me.  Also, it wasn’t cheating since I never even went on one date with Skylar.  I didn’t even kiss her or anything.  All we did was talk.  We weren’t together, so how is that cheating?”

           “You asked her out,” I argued.

          “And the date never happened,” he countered.

          “Because you cheated,” I insisted.

          “Not by myself,” he said.

          The truth of that statement took the fight out of me.  What Cade had done to Skylar was rotten, but what I had done was worse.  She had been just another girl to him, but she had been my best friend.  How could I do that to her?

          Cade made a sound of disgust.  “You look like somebody died.  The two of you are both being ridiculous.  Get over it already.  You’re making a big deal over one kiss.”

          I flushed at his mention of it.  Although he didn’t seem to be talking about how that kiss had affected me, that’s where my mind went.  I remembered how good it had felt, and recalling the way I had responded to him was humiliating.

         His lips curved into a smirk as he watched me.  “Maybe it was a big deal to you.”

          My face flamed even more as he mocked me.

          “You don’t even think of me that way,” he said as he stepped closer.  “That’s what you said right before you kissed me.”

          “You kissed me,” I corrected him with what little defense I had as I moved back from him.

          “You kissed me back,” he taunted.  “What’s the matter, Lexie?  Am I turning you on again?”  He stepped back into my personal space.

          “You’re turning my stomach,” I retorted.  “Get away from me,” I demanded and pushed him.

          “Maybe you want to finish what we started,” he continued.  “Come to my room, and you can ride me all day.”

          Despite my annoyance and embarrassment, I found it curious that his offer of sex involved leaving this room.  He had no problem suggesting it in such a crude way, but he had some kind of problem with doing it here.  We were in a bedroom with a bed that could be used immediately, but he wanted to go somewhere else.  I saw an opportunity to turn the tables on him.

          “I can’t wait,” I told him in a seductive tone and grabbed his hand to pull him toward the bed.  “I want to ride you right now.”

          He yanked his hand out of my grasp and scowled at me.  “Stop playing games.”

          I laughed at him.  “Are you really that germaphobic?  That girl hasn’t been here in how long, and you’re still grossed out by her bed?”

          “Three years,” he supplied, “but that’s not the point.  Anyone can walk in here since it’s not occupied yet.  Nobody will come into my room without knocking.”

          I ignored his explanation, because I just knew that wasn’t the real reason.  He’d shown distaste for this room when he told me to gut it.  “Three years?” I stressed.  “You sure hold a grudge.”

          “I have no grudge against that girl,” he denied.  “My father was the one who gave her this room.  As if she could ever be his daughter,” he remarked in disdain.

          I was still contemplating the significance of that when Cade snapped at me.  “You want me to drive you home or not?” 

          “Yeah,” I answered without hesitation, because I did need a ride home and didn’t really want to bother Robert about it.  “But only because you scared off Jenna,” I added.  “That was really rude, by the way.”

          “Let me see how polite you are when I bring your ex here,” he said as he followed me out into the hallway.

          He had a point, but it was hard to imagine that he could have had his heart broken the way I had.  It was nearly impossible to imagine him being in love with anyone.  There was no hint of tenderness to him at all, and I could only picture him as the heartbreaker in a romantic situation.  Jenna was the only one showing any emotional pain.  Cade just appeared to be angry rather than upset.

          He got ahead of me after we descended the staircase.  “This way.”

         He led me back into a different section of the house and into a garage that was bigger than a dealer showroom.  I gaped at all the cars.  “What does your dad do?”

         Cade answered me in a tone that sounded like he was marveling over something.  “You really don’t know.”

          “No,” I responded absently as I took in the magnificence of the room. 

          It was the brightest and cleanest garage I had ever seen.  There was no cheap paneling here.  It had solid walls, a vaulted ceiling, and the floor was as shiny as the cars.  More than anything else I had seen in the mansion, this room conveyed how wealthy this family was.  Only people with an enormous amount of money would spend so much of it on such a luxurious place to park their cars.

          “He’s in business,” Cade told me.

          “Business must be good,” I commented dryly.

          “Yeah it is,” he agreed.

          I was in a daze as I followed him to his car.  For the first time, I understood why he had wanted my mom to sign a prenup and why he had so easily suggested a million dollar settlement.  His garage probably cost more than my grandma’s house, and that thought was making my head spin.  A freaking garage!

          “What’s wrong with you?” Cade demanded.

          I shook my head as if that could clear it of the surreal realization I’d just had.  “It’s too much.”

         “What is?” he asked in his impatient, uncaring way.

         I gave my head another shake.  “It’s all too much.”

         If he had any interest in my response, I had apparently used up his patience.  “Get in,” he ordered as he pulled open his door.

          I slowly opened the passenger door and sat down in the seat.  “Your car lives better than most people.”  

          “What are you talking about?” Cade snapped.  “You sound crazy.”

          “This whole place is crazy,” I exclaimed.  “Who has a garage like this?”

          “What are you so upset about?” he questioned.  “I thought you’d be happy to see this.  The last one loved it.  I guess it turned her on, because I caught her here with the gardener’s son.  He was fucking her on the hood of Dad’s Jag, and Dad was not happy about it.  He blamed the guy, of course, because he refused to see that she wasn’t as innocent as he thought she was.”

          “Was he banned from visiting her here?” I asked, thinking that Robert sounded like an overprotective dad.

          “Yes,” Cade confirmed.  “He got his dad fired, so I think his dad was pissed at him too.”

          “Robert fired him?” I questioned in dismay.  “That’s not fair.  You can’t blame him for something his son did.”

          “He was new,” Cade said dismissively.  “Our old gardener was with us a long time before he retired.  We have to be able to trust the people who work for us.  If they respect us, we respect them.  If not, then they don’t belong here.  They were reminded of that when Dad fired the new gardener.”

          “That’s harsh,” I said.

          “It’s business,” he replied.  “You have to make decisions like that when you’re the boss.”

         “But this isn’t his job,” I argued, “it’s his home.  And the guy didn’t even do anything wrong.  He can’t control what his son does.”

          “My dad doesn’t want people like that around his family.  Protecting his family comes first.  And running an estate is like running a business,” he explained.  “You have to be in control of your employees.  They have to know the rules and be professional, and they can’t bring their family drama to work.  What would happen if you screwed some guy where your mom works?”

          He stumped me with that question.  “Well, I don’t think she would get fired for it,” I hedged, although I could imagine what a bad impression that would leave with her employer.

          “You probably shouldn’t test it out,” Cade advised, “but I guess it doesn’t matter anymore.  She’s already given her notice.”

          “What do you mean?” I enquired in alarm.

          He smirked at me.  “Didn’t she tell you that she’s quitting her job?  I thought you and your mom were so close.”

          “Oh c’mon,” he exclaimed irritably as I stared at him.  “You didn’t think she’d still be a waitress after she married my dad.  Wake up, Lexie.”

          “But what will she do all day?” I wondered aloud.

          Cade shrugged.  “Probably go to charity luncheons.”

          I huffed at him and turned my attention to putting on my seatbelt.  My mom would need more to occupy her time than luncheons, but arguing with him about it would be pointless.  He started the car and pressed a button to open one of the garage doors.  We pulled out onto the driveway and circled to the front of the house and down the long stretch to the street.  One thing that had surprised me was that there was no gate.  Anyone could drive onto the property.

          “I thought you’d have a gate,” I mentioned to Cade as he drove onto the street.

          “Dad wants to live like a regular person,” he replied.  “He says that we can call the police just like anyone else would if they had to.”

          “Regular people don’t live in mansions,” I pointed out.

          “Right,” Cade agreed, “but Dad likes to pretend he’s just a regular guy.  I think that’s the reason he doesn’t date women with money.  He doesn’t want some heiress to ruin his image.”

          Robert did give the impression of being a regular guy.  If I hadn’t heard the gossip at school about Cade being rich, I wouldn’t have guessed that his dad was a wealthy man when my mom introduced me to him.  He was so nice and down-to-earth and didn’t behave at all like an entitled person, but now I had heard about a different side to him that troubled me.  It seemed to me that he had been harsh and unfair when he fired his gardener.  Those actions fit the stereotype I had of a demanding, unreasonable rich person. 

          He hadn’t shown that side of himself to Mom, and I wondered if I should tell her about it.  I only knew of this one incident, and that wasn’t enough to turn her against him.  It wasn’t enough to turn me against him either, but it had tarnished the wonderful impression I had of him.  I didn’t want to spoil Mom’s image of him too.  He had done this before she ever met him, so I decided to leave it in the past.  She had spent much more time with him than I had, and she must have seen how he treated his servants.  Mom wouldn’t have overlooked bad behavior from him, so he must have been decent to his staff.

          “You drive a long way to school every day,” I commented to Cade.

          “It’s mostly all highway,” he replied, “so it’s not bad.”

          “There isn’t a public high school in your neighborhood?” I enquired.  

          “There is, but Dad wanted me to get away from that crowd,” he explained.  “He thinks they party too much.”

          “He doesn’t think that kids at our school party?” I asked wryly.

          “Not to this level of excess,” he said.

          “He really doesn’t know anything about the kids you go to school with,” I remarked in a dry tone.

          “They do party more than he knows,” Cade agreed, “but they don’t have the money to get into the kind of trouble my old friends did.”
          I scoffed at that.  “People at our school buy drugs too.  It’s not something only rich people can afford.”

          “Drugs aren’t the only way to party,” he told me.

          “There’s alcohol too,” I acknowledged.  “Yeah, sure you can afford the expensive stuff, but people get just as drunk off the cheap stuff.  But your dad might be right.  You probably don’t drink the cheap stuff, so you don’t party like you did at your old school.” 

          “I don’t party like I used to,” he confirmed, “but it has nothing to do with alcohol.”

          “Drugs?” I questioned in a tone hushed by the seriousness of the subject.  

          Addiction could lead to death, so I sided with Robert on this one.  Yet drugs were everywhere, and simply changing schools wouldn’t solve his son’s drug problem.  Cade had never appeared high to me, but I was no expert on the effects of drugs.  I wasn’t a stranger to underage drinking, but I hadn’t ever tried any illegal drugs, not even pot.  The thought of getting high was scary to me, although I supposed that the buzz I got from alcohol was also a drug-induced high.  Alcohol just seemed like a safer drug, even though I knew that it could be just as big of an addiction as other drugs.  I always limited myself to two drinks, because I preferred a pleasant buzz over getting drunk.

          “You can’t do drugs and play basketball,” Cade said.  “I won’t do anything that can screw up my game, and my dad knows that.”

          I was relieved that he didn’t have a drug addiction, but I was also confused about why Robert worried about Cade’s partying then.  “It wasn’t drugs, and you said it wasn’t alcohol.  What else is left?”

          Cade glanced at me.  “You really can’t guess?”

          It was his smirk that gave me the answer, but I was still just as confused, and I didn’t want to say the word to Cade.

          He spoke it for me.  “Sex.  That was my favorite way to party.”

          “But how can he stop you?” I wondered.  “If you’re with your girlfriend, and…”  I trailed off as I pondered the logistics.  They would need a place to be alone, but I couldn’t imagine that Cade wouldn’t be able to manage that.

          “They weren’t my girlfriends,” he replied.  “I hired escorts.  My dad found out when he saw the charges on his credit card statement.”

          I stared at him as I tried to figure out if he was just saying that to shock me.  He had spoken in a factual tone, like he was telling me about making a normal purchase.  His manner was so confusing when he said such things without any inflection in his voice.  I didn’t know what to think.  Was he telling me the truth or some outrageous lie?

          I decided to try to trip him up.  “They didn’t care that you were a kid?”

          “They thought my dad was hiring them for my first time,” he answered.  “I wasn’t the first fifteen year old to get a present like that from his old man.  I just had several first times before my dad found out and cut me off from everything.  I wasn’t allowed to see my friends anymore, and he even transferred me to a new school.”

          “I thought you got kicked out of your old school,” I said while grappling with the possibility that his story was true.

          “That’s the rumor I spread to sound badass at my new school,” he explained, “and I also needed a reason for transferring to a public school.”

          I was still unsure whether to believe him.  “You haven’t gotten into any more trouble since then?”

         “No,” he stated, “because Dad told me that he’d put me in military school if I did.  He said that I could choose to become a real man on my own, or he would make sure I did.”

          “Escorts?” I finally questioned in dismay.  “Why would you need…”  I trailed off and began again.  “I mean, did you have a girlfriend?”  I recalled that he certainly hadn’t had any difficulties in finding girlfriends at our school.

          “Yes I did,” he said, “but we hadn’t had sex.  One of my friends told me about his dad surprising him with an escort for his birthday, and I decided that I wanted one too.”

          This conversation was surreal to me.  “But you said there were several.”

          “Once wasn’t enough,” he remarked.  “After I had it, I wanted more.”

          “That’s terrible,” I told him.  “You were cheating on your girlfriend.”

          “Interesting,” he said.  “You’re more concerned with me cheating on my girlfriend than with me hiring hookers.”

          “That’s terrible too,” I added belatedly.

          “What’s so terrible about it?” he asked.

          “You’re buying people,” I replied.  “That’s wrong.”

          “No,” he countered, “I was buying sex.  That’s a service, not a person.”

          “A service!” I exclaimed.  “It’s supposed to be a connection between two people.”

         “I paid for sex,” he retorted, “which is what they were selling.  I wasn’t looking for a connection, and they weren’t either.  They were just doing their jobs like you do.  You don’t make a connection with your customers.”

          “That’s different,” I argued.  “I’m not being intimate with them.  I’m just selling them food.  I shouldn’t have to explain the difference to you.”
          “A job’s a job,” he stated.

          I couldn’t believe that he equated sex with fast food.  How could it be that meaningless to him?  I had been so upset when I found out that Lucas had used me, but now I felt so empty to think that it might have meant absolutely nothing to him.  I had thought that he at least remembered it as a shared intimacy between us even if he had dumped me, but Cade’s revelation had made me realize that it probably had no significance to him at all.

          “What was your first time like?” Cade asked me at that moment.

          “None of your business,” I told him.

          “Maybe it will be,” he said in an enigmatic tone.

          I had no idea what he meant by that, and I had no interest in trying to decipher it.  If I had momentarily forgotten about my initial negative impression of Cade, this conversation had just reminded me.  He didn’t take other people’s feelings into account, because he didn’t have any himself.  People had no more value to him than the services they could provide for him.  I was doubly glad that I had destroyed his chances with Skylar, even if she hated me for it, because Cade was worse than I had originally thought he was.

          Conversely, I no longer hated him.  Maybe because I shared in the blame, or maybe because I was discovering how truly messed up he was.  Robert thought that he had fixed the problem by getting his son away from his old friends, but they weren’t the problem.  The problem was with Cade himself, and I wasn’t sure if anything could be done about it.      





















Chapter 12



                    Mom and I went shopping for her wedding dress the next day.  “I talked to Robert,” she told me during the drive to the store.  “He said that he didn’t even know that you didn’t have a ride to work.  Cade must have taken it upon himself to pick you up, and he was being modest when he told you that his father sent him.  He’s such a sweet and thoughtful boy.”

          I wanted to puke at her praise of him.  He was the exact opposite of sweet and thoughtful, so I couldn’t fathom why he had picked me up from work Friday night and last night if his dad hadn’t made him do it.  Now that I knew it wasn’t a parental directive, I was going to put a stop to it.  There was no way that I was going to let someone my own age boss me around.

          Mom actually decided on a wedding dress that very day.  It was more plain and simple than what I would have picked out, but it looked good on her.  The light sheath dress had a lace halter and looked like an elegant Hollywood gown.  The veil was what made it obvious that Mom was a bride.  She also chose a pink bridesmaid dress for me.  I tried to argue, but she was enamored with it when I tried it on.

          “You look so cute,” she exclaimed.  “Oh, how precious!”   

          My dress was short and strapless, but it had a long, sheer overlay skirt that made it look like a whimsical fairy dress.  I had to admit that it was cute, but I wanted something more understated like Mom’s dress.  This fanciful concoction would draw everyone’s attention to me.

          “I feel ridiculous,” I lied.  “I look like a Sugar Plum Fairy.”

          The little girl in me who loved fairytales and ballerinas responded to the sweet, airy appeal of this dress.  Mom voiced the notion by gushing, “My little girl.  Look at you, you’re almost grown.”  Then she clinched it.  “If your father could see you now.”

          Those words took all the argument out of me.  “He can see me,” I said softly.  It was what she had always told me before, but now she was making it sound like he was truly gone.

          I hadn’t even been able to visit his grave since we had moved here, and he felt further away from me than ever.  We had left behind all our connections to him except for pictures, but I didn’t have any of me and him together.  The closest one I had was of him smiling with his arm around Mom with her little baby bump.  She had only been five months pregnant when he was killed in a car crash.

         There was a bend in the road, and he’d run off it and hit a tree.  The impact had killed him instantly, so he was already dead when the paramedics arrived.  Mom and Grandma found out about it when the police came to the house in the middle of the night.  They had been up waiting for him to return home from his friend’s birthday party, and they had known that something was wrong when it got so late and there was still no sign of him.  They were both standing outside in the yard arguing about which one of them was going to go look for him when they saw the cop car pulling up to the curb.

          I had asked once why Mom hadn’t gone to the birthday party with him, and she had told me that my grandma wouldn’t let her.  Due to Mom’s “delicate condition” my grandma had insisted that she should rest at home in the evenings.  Since Mom was living in her house, she acquiesced to Grandma’s wishes.

          “I wanted to drive him to that party,” she had told me with a touch of bitterness, “but your grandma thought that pregnant women shouldn’t be driving.”

          “But you would have been in the accident too,” I had said.  “You might have been killed too.”

          She had glanced quickly at me and looked away.  “Maybe.”

          I had been thirteen when we had that conversation, and I was caught up in the tragic circumstances of their love story.  As I contemplated it now, I realized that Mom thought she could have prevented the accident if she had been the one driving the car.

          “Was Dad speeding?” I asked her as we walked out of the bridal shop.

          She responded with a quizzical look to my out of the blue question.

          “When he crashed,” I clarified.  “Is that why he ran off the road?”

          Her expression gave me my answer along with her hesitation before speaking.  “The police thought so.”

          For the first time ever, I felt some anger at my dad.  “So it was reckless driving?  That’s why he died?”

         “He was young,” she replied in an attempt to excuse his actions.  “That’s how young guys drive.”

         It was such a disappointment to know that I had lost my dad because of his own stupid behavior.  “Cade doesn’t,” I snapped.  “He’s a total asshole, but he’s not a reckless driver.  My dad was so wonderful, but he got killed because of doing one stupid thing.  How is that fair?”

          Mom was completely taken aback by my outburst.  “Why are you saying that about Cade?  He’s been nothing but nice to you.”

          I snorted.  “Yep,” I agreed sarcastically, “Cade is such a nice guy.”

          “He isn’t?” she questioned.

          “Oh, he is,” I continued mockingly.  “He’s so nice that he called you a gold-digger and wanted you to sign a prenup, because he thought you were just after his dad’s money.”

          Her expression was now filled with compassionate understanding.  “Oh honey, you can’t blame him for that.  There are women who will go after a rich man for his money.  I’m sure he’s seen it before, so it’s natural for him to mistrust my motives.  It’ll take time for me to gain his trust.”

          “Good luck with that,” I told her.  “I wouldn’t even bother if I was you.”

          “You don’t think I can win him over?” she asked, although I could tell that she thought I was being overdramatic about this.

          “I don’t think anyone can win him over,” I said.  “He doesn’t care about anyone, Mom.  He’s the most selfish person I’ve ever met.”

          To my surprise, she smiled warmly at me.  “You’re a wonderful daughter, Lexie.  I understand you taking offense for what he said about me, but you’re being too hard on him.  He’s just being a good son and looking out for his father, and he’s already proven that he cares about you.  Why else would he go through the trouble of picking you up from work?”

          That was a good question, and it troubled me.  Doing a good deed for someone didn’t fit with Cade’s selfishness.  He didn’t do things just to be nice.  I decided that he must have some kind of ulterior motive.  Whatever it was, he was in for a rude awakening.  No matter how many unexpectedly nice things he did, I wasn’t going to fall prey to his hidden agenda.  I wasn’t as heartless as he was, but I could harden my heart against him.

          When he showed up at the end of my shift that night, I coolly thanked him and didn’t say anything else.

          “Your mom lets you work this late on school nights?” he questioned.

          His subtle criticism of her immediately raised my ire.  “Only on Sundays when I’ve had plenty of sleep, and nobody asked you to come get me.  I know your dad didn’t send you, so why are you here?”

          “I take care of what’s mine,” he said.

           My thoughts stuttered to a stop.  “What?”

          “You’re part of my family now that Dad is insisting on marrying your mom,” he replied.  “By the way, pink?  I didn’t figure you for a girly girl.”

          I was completely lost now.  “Pink?” I repeated.

          He pulled into the parking lot in front of my apartment building and glanced at me.  “Your bridesmaid dress.”

          “How do you know about that?” I asked.

          “Your mom told my dad so that I’d know which color I’d need to match,” he answered as he parked the car in front of my building.

           I had a sinking feeling.  “You’re…”

          “Your partner,” he finished for me.  “I’m walking you down the aisle at the wedding.”

          “Just shoot me now,” I exclaimed.

          He grinned at my response.  “I knew you’d be thrilled about it.”

          I couldn’t react, because that open, spontaneous smile had blindsided me.  I had never seen a real smile on his face before, and it outdid all his smirks and false friendliness.  It was the kind of smile I wanted to see all the time, and I gazed at him as it slowly faded.

          He leaned in, and I had time to anticipate his kiss.  It started as soft and slow as our other one began fast and rough, but it ended up as deep and sensual as the first one.  Being in separate seats in the front of his car prevented me from ending up in the same position as the last time.

          “Come home with me,” Cade urged seductively as he pulled back only millimeters from my lips and then kissed me again.

           That brief kiss left me wanting more when he pulled completely away from me and restarted the car.  He was driving toward the exit of the parking lot when I realized that he had taken my silence as assent.

          “I can’t,” I told him breathlessly.  “My mom won’t know where I am.”

          He exhaled in frustration.  “You’re right.  You can’t tell her you’re spending the night with me.”  He bypassed the exit and circled back around to my building.  “We’ll have to wait until you move in.”

           I was coming out of my haze of lust, and clarity was an unwelcome reality check.  My soon-to-be stepbrother was making plans to have sex with me.  The reason for him giving me these rides home from work was now obvious, and I had allowed it to happen when I had known that I should be wary of him.

          “We’ll wait,” I assured him.  You’ll be waiting until hell freezes over, I added silently as my resolve and common sense belatedly returned.

          I knew now that it wouldn’t be so easy for me to ignore my attraction to him, and it would be even more difficult once I was living with him.  It would be a challenge, but it wasn’t impossible to resist him.  I would just have to be on my guard all the time, but it would be worth it to see him realize that he couldn’t have everything he wanted.    












Chapter 13



          The wedding was lovely.  Even I had to admit that.  Mom was a beautiful bride, and Robert was a handsome groom.  The weather cooperated for them too, and they got married outside on the green lawn on this mild October day.  The adorable flower girl wore a pink dress that matched mine in color, but hers had a ballerina tutu design.  Her presence here brought even more joy to the occasion, because she had gone through so much in her short life to make it this far.

          The lung transplant had freed her from her frequent hospital stays and from the constant threat of death from her severe form of cystic fibrosis.  Jasmine now looked and acted like any other healthy, happy little girl.  Her mother was the maid of honor, and Robert’s friend was the best man.  I didn’t know whose little boy the ring bearer was.  Cade and I were the only other usher and bridesmaid, but there were plenty of wedding guests watching us from the chairs that had been set up on the lawn.

           I felt ridiculous in my whimsical dress, especially with Cade looking so handsome beside me.  He’d smirked as his eyes swept over me before we’d taken our positions facing forward, and I’d been forced to hook my arm through his.  His black tuxedo made a sharp contrast to his pink tie and pretty pink rosebud boutonniere.  People murmured as they watched us walk past them, and I heard several women exclaim the word darling.  

          “You do look darling in that dress,” Cade told me quietly when we arrived at the front.

          I rolled my eyes at that statement, but I forgot my self-consciousness when I saw my mom walking down the aisle.  There were murmurs again, and one woman’s voice could be heard proclaiming something about the most beautiful family.  I certainly agreed that Mom was radiant and beautiful in her simple, elegant gown and gauzy white veil flowing gently behind her in the breeze.  Her blonde tresses were styled into loose waves, and she looked so young.

          I knew that she was young when she had me, but I now realized how young she still was.  Skylar’s mom was ten years older than my mom.  I had known that, but I had always looked at my mom as just my mom regardless of her youthful appearance.  She took care of me just like any other mom.  Seeing her as a lovely bride though, emphasized the fact that she was still only in her thirties.  My perception of her changed in that moment, and I saw her as a woman who had a separate life from her role as my mom.  She had dreams and desires for herself that had nothing to do with me. 

          I felt a bit of what she would probably feel when I left home for college and started to become an independent adult.  My feeling of separation between us intensified when she and Robert spoke their vows.  She was now joined with him in their new life together. 

          Even more disconcerting was my sudden connection to Cade, because we were now in the same situation.  I wondered what he was thinking as everyone clapped and cheered for the newly married couple who used to just be his dad and my mom.  They were united now, while our lives had been disrupted and rearranged to accommodate their marriage.

          All my things had been moved to Robert’s house, but I hadn’t settled in there yet.  Mom and I had spent our last night in our apartment, and we were leaving all our furniture there.  I was going to sleep in my new room for the first time tonight, while Mom was going on her honeymoon with Robert.  She wouldn’t be here to help me with my transition into a new household.  If that wasn’t bad enough, Cade’s mom would be staying at the house with us for a week while Robert and my mom were gone on their honeymoon.

          “Robert’s ex-wife?” I had questioned in disbelief.  “He asked his ex-wife to babysit us?  Seriously?”

          “It was an amicable divorce,” Mom said.  “They’ve remained on friendly terms.”

          “Why’d they even get divorced if they’re so friendly?” I grumbled.

          “That’s none of your business,” she told me firmly.  “I expect you to treat her with respect.  She’s in charge while we’re gone.”

          “This is so weird,” I complained but stopped when Mom gave me a nasty look.

          I was introduced to Cade’s mother after the ceremony, because she attended the wedding.  She was older than my mom, but she was just as beautiful.  Whereas my mom was blonde, Robert’s ex-wife was a brunette beauty.  Cade got his dark good looks from her.  He also had his mother’s deep brown eyes, whereas Robert had blue eyes.  Catherine, as she told me to call her, had a voluptuous figure that she was showing off in a sparkly silver dress.  Her boyfriend was very attractive, and he looked familiar to me, but I couldn’t place him.

          Lacking Skylar to gossip with, I resorted to talking to Cade.  “Who does that guy with your mom look like?  I know he looks like some actor I’ve seen.”

          “He is an actor,” Cade replied.

          My mouth dropped open.  “You mean he’s actually been on TV?”

          “He’s had parts on a lot of shows,” Cade said, “and in movies too.  He gets a lot of work as a character actor, according to my mom.”

         “Wow,” I marveled, “that’s so cool that she’s dating someone famous.”

          “He’s hardly famous,” he scoffed.  “Mom was probably more famous than him when she was an actress.”

          “Your mom was an actress?” I exclaimed.  

          “Yeah,” he confirmed.  “She was a Hollywood starlet when she met my dad, but she gave all that up when they got married.”

         I couldn’t get over my amazement at that revelation.  Skylar would have been so excited about it, but I couldn’t share it with her since we weren’t friends anymore.  She had never responded to the text I had sent her, and she ignored me at school.  It was exactly what I had expected her to do, but it still hurt to lose her friendship.

          I stayed out of her way as much as I could, so I kept going to the library during lunch instead of the cafeteria.  I brought a candy bar with me to eat on my way to the library, and that was my lunch.  Cade had invited me to sit with him and his friends, but I felt like that would be rubbing salt in Skylar’s wounds.

               Curiously, Jenna still sat at Cade’s table.  She was part of that popular crowd, but it still seemed awkward for her to eat lunch with her ex-boyfriend, especially since he had a hostile attitude toward her.  She didn’t make a point of ignoring me the way Skylar did, but she also hadn’t tried to spend any time with me since Cade stopped her from helping me redecorate my room.  I wondered if she had given up on trying to get back together with him.

          Cade hadn’t made anymore moves on me since the last time we kissed.  He picked me up the handful of times that I had worked late during the past month, and he had actually been polite.  There were no more criticisms of my mom and no attempts to kiss me.  I assumed that he had become interested in another girl and lost interest in me.

          It was a relief to put all of that trouble behind me.  I had no friends, and I would be out of my element in my new neighborhood, but I could regroup and start fresh with my life like I had after Lucas broke up with me.  With school and work, I could overlook my lack of a social life.  I would eventually need to make new friends, but I didn’t have any enthusiasm for it right now after the mess I had made of my friendship with Skylar.  She had been the best friend I had ever had, and I had ruined everything over a guy who meant nothing to me.

          Connecting to people didn’t come easily to me.  Even with Skylar I had always held a part of myself back.  Confiding in people wasn’t in my nature.  It was something that I had to talk myself into doing, and connecting with people was based on confiding in them.  That was why I hadn’t become close friends with anyone but Skylar, because I avoided telling them things about myself.  I’d rather listen to them talk than say much myself.  Skylar liked to talk, so we had been a perfect pair.  She had filled my silences with her chatter.

          She would have kept up a steady stream of conversation at this reception, but I was actually glad not to have to feign enthusiasm while everyone celebrated around me.  My mom was really moving on with her life, and I felt like my dad was fading further and further into the past.  Only I wasn’t moving on but slipping sideways with my life.  There was no progress, but there was also no going back.  

          “What are you thinking about?” Cade asked me, and I realized that he had been quiet all through dinner and the toasts that I hadn’t paid attention to.

          “My dad,” I replied, my melancholy mood bringing the truth to my lips.  “What are you thinking about?”

          He didn’t answer, and we watched my mom and Robert begin their first dance.  They gazed at each other with adoration, and it was wonderful to see but also made me think about my dad and my mom looking at each other like that once upon a time.

          “I’m thinking I want to get out of here,” Cade said.  “I’m guessing you do too.”

          “You can’t leave,” I protested.  “It’s your dad’s wedding.”
          “It’s the reception,” he corrected me.  “We put in an appearance at the wedding, and now they won’t notice if we sneak away.  We’ll come back before the end, and they won’t even know we were gone.”

          “We can’t do that,” I insisted.

          “I know a secret,” he told me conspiratorially.  “They got you a present, and I can show it to you right now.”

          “A present for me?” I questioned in surprise.  “What is it?”

          “I’m not telling you here, but I can show you.  You’ll have to act surprised for them later though,” he said.  “It’s back at the house if you want to see it.”

          Since it was close by, I didn’t think it would be so bad to leave the reception if it only involved a walk to the house and back.  I was curious about what kind of present they had gotten me, and I decided to go take a quick peek at it.  There was no reason for them to buy me a present, and I couldn’t imagine what it was.  I left the huge tent where the reception was being held and walked across the lawn with Cade.

          We entered the house and went upstairs.  He led me past my room, and I assumed that we were going to Robert’s room.  We walked into a large bedroom with a sleek, black and white décor.  A big screen TV was against the wall facing the bed.  The far side wall was mostly all window with a view of green lawn, but the wedding tent couldn’t be seen from here.

          Cade wrapped his arms around my waist and spoke in my ear.  “I’ve been waiting for this.”

          I reacted with a startled lunge forward out of his grasp and spun to face him.  “What are you doing?  Where’s my present?”

          “This,” he told me.  “It’s all about you right now.  I’m not even going to take my clothes off.  I just want to kiss you—everywhere.”

          His abrupt seduction attempt had come out of nowhere, and it didn’t work on me.  Maybe he thought that I had spent the past month anticipating this, but he was wrong.  I was also annoyed that he had tricked me with the promise of a nonexistent present.

          “Not happening,” I retorted and made to move past him.

          He quickly placed himself in my way.  “Now’s the perfect time.  We’ll have the house to ourselves for hours.  Don’t be scared.  We’re not gonna go all the way until you tell me that you’re ready.  It’s only kissing today, I promise.”

          “No,” I told him.  “No more kissing.  I’m your sister now, and—“

          He cut me off with a loud exclamation.  “You are not my sister!  You can’t just become my sister overnight just because our parents got married.  We didn’t grow up together, and we’re not related by blood.  Maybe if you were younger I might be able to think of you as my sister, but not when you’re the same age as me.”

          “Don’t even try to give me any bullshit about you thinking of me as your brother,” he added.

          “It doesn’t matter what I think,” I argued.  “It’s what you are.  You’re my stepbrother.  I’m not going to kiss my stepbrother.”

          He opened his mouth to say something, but he closed it again as he studied me.  When he spoke again, his voice was calm.  “That’s your only reason?” he enquired.

          I suddenly felt nervous.  “We don’t even like each other,” I protested.  “Now you’re my stepbrother too.  I lost my best friend because of you,” I added as I searched for more reasons.  That one stoked the fire of my resentment toward him.  “You’re selfish, and you think you can have anything you want.  You even lied to me about getting a present just to get me up here.”

        Anger sparked in his eyes.  “I guess I should have given you your present first.  You don’t pay, you can’t play.  I know the drill.”

          I glared at him in outrage.  “Are you saying you have to pay me for sex?”

          He flashed a cruel smile at me.  “C’mon, Lexie.  We both know you can’t get anything for free.  What kind of presents do you want?  Jewelry?  Diamonds, emeralds?”

          I furiously stomped around him and ruined the effect of storming out when I tripped on my dress and almost fell.  Cade laughed, but I didn’t turn to look at him.  Walking more cautiously, I left what I now guessed was his room and made my way downstairs and back to the reception.

          The dance floor was now filled with people, and I sat down at our empty table.  After sulking there by myself for a while, I was surprised by Cade’s mom setting a glass in front of me and taking a seat beside me.

          “You look like you could use a drink,” she said. 

          “I’m seventeen,” I told her.  “I’m not allowed to drink.”

          “No one’s going to card you here,” she replied.  “It’s a special occasion.  Haven’t you ever had a drink with your mom on New Year’s?  This is like that.”

          “My mom has never let me drink alcohol,” I said.  “She doesn’t drink either.”

          Catherine’s eyebrows raised at this.  “Okay.  Well, she must have her reasons.  I was just trying to help.  I know this can’t be easy for you.”

          “Robert’s been very nice,” I made a point of telling her in loyalty to him for his kindness to me. 

             “He’s a good man,” she agreed, “but I know it’s been just you and your mom for a long time.  It’s been the same for Cade with his father.  This won’t be an easy adjustment for either of you.”
          “Everything’s easy for Cade,” I muttered.

          “Don’t let him fool you,” she said.  “He doesn’t show his feelings, but he doesn’t handle everything with ease.  His way is to withdraw when he’s upset.  Unfortunately, he learned that from me,” she explained in a regretful tone.  “I wasn’t there for him when he needed me most.”

          I had wondered why Cade lived with his father rather than with his mother like everyone else I knew whose parents were divorced.  He had mentioned spending time with her over the summer, so I knew she hadn’t abandoned him.  Since Robert trusted her to stay with us for two weeks, she obviously wasn’t an unfit mother.  Maybe she had just thought that he needed his father to guide him and control him.

          She glanced away from me, and her expression brightened.  “Cade,” she called out, “come sit with us.”  She had the same loving look on her face that my mom did when she looked at me, so it was clear that she loved her son.

           Cade approached us and grabbed the drink she had brought me.  He swallowed half of it in one gulp before sitting down right beside me.  He looked past me at his mom, but I felt like his focus was on me.  His deliberate choice of seating was intended to annoy me.  He could have taken the empty chair beside his mother but chose to crowd me.  I was now stuck between them, because I felt like it would be rude to Catherine for me to just get up and leave. 

          He had also taken my drink without asking.  I didn’t want it, but he hadn’t known that.  He had done it in spite, and his nerve was unbelievable.  After insulting me by suggesting that I wanted him to pay me to have sex with him, he had the gall to be mad at me for turning him down. I turned my attention to Catherine and ignored him, although I remained on edge and aware of his unwanted presence beside me.

         “Do you have any classes together?” Catherine asked.  “Robert told me that you’re in the same grade and go to the same school.” 

          “We have Physics and U.S. History together,” Cade answered.  “We were partners on a history project, and we got an A.”

          I had been surprised that he had done his share of the work on that project without complaint.  It was one of the reasons that I had been lulled into thinking that he would give me no more problems.  Now that he had reverted back to form, I knew not to let my guard down again.  

          “Good job,” Catherine praised us.  “I’m so glad to hear that you get along so well too.”

          I concentrated on keeping my expression neutral, because I couldn’t fake a smile for her in response to that comment.  I could only imagine Cade’s smirk.

          “Cade,” she prompted him, “dance with Alexandra.”

          “No,” I protested, “I don’t want to dance.”

          “Of course you do,” she insisted.  “Every girl wants to dance when she’s wearing such a pretty dress.”

          “May I have this dance?” Cade enquired like he was a gentleman.  

          I glanced at him and saw him standing with his hand extended to me.  “No,” I told him flatly.

         I wouldn’t dance with him even to keep up appearances.  My gaze was hard as I looked at him, and my mouth was set in an unforgiving line of disapproval.  I should have offered some excuse, but I couldn’t lighten my voice enough to sound convincing.

          Cade’s gaze shifted slyly toward his mom.  “She can’t dance.  She’s so clumsy that she trips over her own feet.”

          “Cade!” she admonished him.  

          “It’s true,” he said.  “She already ripped her dress.”  He brushed his hand over my knee as he swept it to indicate the location of the rip.

           I looked down and saw that there was indeed a long tear in my gauzy skirt.  It must have happened when I tripped on it in Cade’s room.

          “You should take it off,” he suggested.

          My gaze returned sharply to his, but his expression was neutral.

         “He’s right,” Catherine said.  “It’s a detachable skirt, isn’t it?”

         “Yes,” I confirmed.

         “Take it off then,” she urged.  “You don’t need it, and you’ll have more freedom of movement without it.”

          I wasn’t keen on removing a layer of clothing, even if it was flimsy and barely there, but it was an opportunity to get out of this spot I was in right now.  When I stood up though, Cade prevented me from leaving by swiftly moving into the space between me and my chair.  He bumped me into the table, and I stood with my thighs rigidly pressed against it to avoid contact with Cade’s body behind me.

          “What are you doing?” I demanded angrily.

          “I’ll get it,” he assured me with his hands digging beneath the sash covering the fastening of my overlay skirt.

         It was simple to detach, but he fumbled with it unnecessarily as he let one finger slide down to touch my tailbone.  I jerked at the sensation and rattled the glasses on the table.  Before I could say anything in protest, he victoriously proclaimed, “I got it.”

         His arms came up as he pulled the skirt away from my body with both hands.  I intentionally elbowed his arms as I brought my hands up to take hold of my overlay skirt.  “I’ve got it now,” I said, and he finally let go and stepped sideways out of my personal space.

          I was now able to take a step back from the table to pull the skirt away from the front of my body.  I tried to lay it over the back of my chair, but it began to slip off.  Cade snatched it before I could.

          “I’ll run it up to the house for you,” he told me and took off with it.

          I turned back around and saw Catherine watching me with a bemused expression.  She made no comment, but I spoke in an attempt to get past the incident she had just witnessed.  “So, uh, where do you live?”

           “Near Los Angeles,” she replied as I sat down.

          “In California?” I asked stupidly.  “That’s far.”   

           “It was a five hour flight,” she stated.

           “So that’s where you met, uh, your boyfriend.”  I hurried past the fact that I had forgotten his name.  “Cade said that he’s an actor, and you’re out there by Hollywood.”

          “I actually met him at a school play.  I teach drama, and his daughter had the lead role,” she explained.

          “You’re a teacher?” I asked in surprise before I realized how insulting that might sound.  “Um, Cade told me that you were an actress.”

          “That helped me get the job,” she acknowledged, “but I did get a bachelor’s degree after my divorce.  I don’t have to work,” she admitted, “but my days were too empty.  And I love the excitement the kids have for acting.”

          “You didn’t want to get back into it yourself?” I questioned curiously.

          “It was too late after being away from it all those years,” she answered.  “I wasn’t an A list actress, so nobody would have remembered my name.  There’s a lot of competition for parts, and they mostly go to young actresses.  If you’re my age, you already have to be known in the industry.”

          “Oh,” I responded, feeling bad for her for giving up her dream when she had the chance to make it big.

          “I’m satisfied with where I am,” she told me.  “It’s fulfilling work helping the kids improve and gain self-confidence.”

           “Satisfied,” I echoed.  “Does that equal happy?”

          A shadow of sadness crossed her face.  “It’s the best it can be.  And I have Cade,” she added as her expression brightened.
          It was then that I realized she must have been thinking about the daughter she had lost.  I mostly forgot about Cade’s deceased sister who I now recalled Mom telling me had died at the age of ten.  I wondered how long ago that had been and how old she would have been now.

          Catherine’s boyfriend came and asked her to dance.  I was alone at the table when Cade returned, but he took a seat a couple of chairs away from me.  We silently sat and watched the people on the dance floor until Mom came to drag me out there before she tossed her bouquet.  The little flower girl’s mom was the one who caught it, and everyone laughed when the little girl ran up to her and demanded it with outstretched hands while yelling, “My flowers, Mommy!”

          “You’re my beautiful flower,” the pretty young woman told her.

          The removal of the garter was next, but Robert kept it G-rated and glared at the DJ when he made a crack about not enough foreplay.

          “Okay,” the DJ moved on quickly.  “We need all the single guys now.  All the single guys to the dance floor.”

          Mom walked back to the table with me.  “You need to go out there,” she told Cade.  “Unless you eloped and didn’t tell anyone about it.”

          He didn’t smile in response to her quip, but he got up and walked onto the dance floor.  Just like me, he didn’t attempt to catch the prize when it was tossed.  Catherine’s boyfriend caught it and held it aloft in victory.

          “We’ve got a surprise for you,” Mom confided to me in a hushed tone.

          “What is it?” I asked.

          “You’ll have to wait and see,” she told me.  “Oh, I can’t wait for you to see it!” she added with the excitement of a little kid.

          Now my interest was really piqued.  “C’mon tell me,” I cajoled.  “At least give me a hint.”

         She looked like she was going to say something, but she clamped her mouth closed as Robert and Cade returned to the table together.  Robert sat down next to Mom, and Cade sat next to his dad.

          Mom noticed my dress.  “You decided to take off the skirt?  I’ll have to get a picture of you like that too.”

          Robert called over the photographer, and I posed with my mom.  She decided that I needed one with Cade too since he was my partner, even though there was only a slight variation in my dress.  The photographer wanted us to pose with our arms around each other, but I snapped at him to just take the picture.

          “Are your feet hurting in those shoes?” Mom asked me, assuming that it might be the source of my crabbiness.

          “Yeah,” I lied.

          “Just sit here and relax,” Robert advised me.  “If you need anything, Cade can get it for you.”

          I could have run Cade ragged with constant requests for him to bring me something to drink or eat, or even for him to bring me a sweater from my room.  The evening was cool, and my strapless dress didn’t provide much warmth.  Even with all the body heat inside the tent, I felt a little chilly, probably because I was just sitting there and not expending any energy.

         Cade remained seated where he was too, but we both went back to our regular seats when the entire wedding party returned to the table after the cake was cut.  I was seated beside Cade again, but I ignored him while we each ate a piece of wedding cake.  He didn’t move when everyone scattered back onto the dance floor, but he didn’t try to talk to me either, so I remained where I was until I felt the need to go to the bathroom.

          I stood up and began walking away, but Cade caught up to me.  “Leave me alone,” I told him as I walked toward the opening at the end of the tent.

          “I’m going to the bathroom,” he said and overtook me.

          “Right,” I snarked at his back.  “Just when I have to go.  That’s when you have to go.”

          He slowed his pace and spoke when I caught up to him.  “You have your own bathroom, so why do you care when I go to the bathroom?”

           “You’re following me around,” I griped.  “Just leave me alone.”

          “I live here,” he exclaimed in annoyance.  “I’ve always lived here.  You’re the one who doesn’t belong here, so stop acting like you own the place.”

          He sped up then and left me lagging behind.  I didn’t see him when I got to the house, and I didn’t cross paths with him after using the bathroom.  He wasn’t at our table when I returned to the reception, and I later spotted him sitting at another table with his mom.

          When the reception was finally over, Cade came back to the table with Robert and my mom.  “It’s time to go,” Mom told me.  

          I stood up, and we walked out to the garage together as I wondered which one of Robert’s cars they were taking to the airport.  The size and cleanliness of the garage astounded me again when I saw it.

          “Walk down this row and pick out a car for us,” Robert told me as he gestured in the direction he wanted me to go.

          “Uh, okay,” I agreed in confusion over why he was leaving the decision to me.

          I began to walk slowly while looking at every shiny car.  They all looked brand new, even though some of them were classic cars.  There was no reason for me to pick one over another, but when I stopped at a random car, Robert called out to me to keep going.  So I decided to go down to the end of the row and pick one on the way back.

          I saw the one with the big red bow on it before I got to it, and my steps slowed to a standstill.  When I turned to look at Robert, he was standing only a few feet away with my mom.  They were both grinning.  “Surprise!” they exclaimed together.

          I stared at them in disbelief.  “It’s…”

          “It’s yours,” Robert said.  “I wanted to get you a red one, but Cade was sure that you wanted one exactly like his.”

          My gaze shifted to Cade, who was standing several feet back from Robert and my mom.  His expression was unreadable, but he continued to watch me.

         “We can trade it in for a different color if you want,” Robert was saying.

         My mouth opened, but I could still barely form words.  “A car,” I breathed.  

         “Go take a look at it,” Mom urged me with all the excitement I was too stunned to feel.

         My movements were slow as I turned and took the steps needed to carry me to where the black Mustang was parked.  It was exactly like Cade’s except for the big red bow on the roof.  I stood there gaping at it in silence.  It couldn’t be mine.  I had coveted Cade’s gorgeous car, but a car like that could never be mine.

          “Say something,” Mom pleaded.  “Do you like it?”

          She was standing beside me now, and I turned to gape at her instead of the car.  “How could I not like it?  But Mom, it’s too much.  I can’t afford—“

          “It’s already paid for,” Robert interrupted me.  “It’s all yours, Lexie.”  He held up a keychain as he called me by my nickname for the first time, and he walked over and handed it to me.

          The metal keychain had Lexie spelled out in silver letters inside a pink heart.  A car key and a fob were attached to it.  Emotion swelled within me as I gazed at it.  I lifted my eyes to look at Robert.  “I can’t believe you did this for me.  Thank you, but this car is too much.  I can’t—“

          He interrupted me again.  “It’s not too much.  If it’s not too much for Cade, it’s not too much for you.  We want you to know that we will not differentiate between the two of you.”

          “We’d love to see you take it out for a spin.”  He glanced at his watch.  “But we have to go.  Come see us out to the limo.”

          “Limo?” I questioned.

           “We got one to take us to the airport,” he replied.

          I smiled in bemusement.  He had all these cars, but he had gotten a limo.  It was the kind of thing that he probably hadn’t given a second thought to.  He held my mom’s hand as they walked out of the garage together, and his thoughtfulness to her was what mattered to me.

          My shock had mellowed, and I didn’t glance back at the car, but I remained aware of the keychain I held in my hand.  I clutched it as I hugged Mom and Robert, and as they hugged Cade.  He did a half-hug kind of thing in return.  

          “Your mother’s in charge,” Robert reminded him.

          “Yeah,” Cade said as he stepped back further from him.  “Have a good trip.”

          “Have fun!” I told them with much more enthusiasm.

          Cade turned to give me a look that stopped just short of rolling his eyes, but Mom and Robert smiled warmly at me.

          “You too sweetheart,” Robert replied.  “Enjoy your new wheels.”

          Cade did roll his eyes then.

          The limo driver opened the passenger door, and Robert waited for my mom to get in before following her into the backseat.  The driver closed the door behind them and walked around to the driver’s side as their window lowered.  They smiled and waved at us as the limo began to move away from us.  I stood waving until I could only see the back of the limo.

            Then I was left alone with Cade, and I simultaneously became aware of the evening chill.  He regarded me in the glow of all the lights.  The house blazed with them, and the yard was lit up all around the house.

           “Sweetheart,” he mocked me, “how do you like your new wheels?”

          Annoyance marred my good mood, but I wouldn’t let him taint the incredible gift I had received.  It was from Robert—and my mom, I reminded myself—and Cade had nothing to do with it.  Well, he had picked the color.  I wanted to trade it in for red just to spite him, but the truth was that he was right.  I did prefer the black one that was just like his.

          I looked down at the keychain in my hand, and felt a trickle of excitement.  “I love it,” I said honestly.

            When I glanced up, I saw him gazing at me with a smile.  “I knew you would,” he stated softly.

          My heart stuttered in confusion.  Its rhythm was interrupted, and it no longer knew how to respond to Cade.  Instead of trying to figure it out, I walked away from him while saying that I was cold.  The front door opened as I approached it, and Catherine smiled at me as I stepped into the house.

          “Goodnight,” I told her.

          “You’re going to bed already?” she asked in surprise.

          “Long day,” I replied, aware of Cade’s presence behind me.

         I kept going and left him behind while Catherine spoke to him.  When I got to my room, I closed the door and took a calming breath.  It really had been a long day, and I was suddenly tired.  I made sure that I locked the door before taking off my dress.  The gauzy overskirt that went with it had been draped over the settee, which was a cushioned bench.  I placed the dress on top of it with the thought of taking them to the dry cleaner tomorrow.

          After taking my first shower in the luxury bathroom I was too overwhelmed to revel in at the moment, I put on my pajamas, turned off the lights, and went to bed.  I would process everything tomorrow, but now it was surprisingly easy to let the events of the day drift from my mind, probably because they seemed like a surreal dream. 
































Chapter 14



          I awoke in my amazingly clean and spacious white room.  Its opulent elegance was a world away from my cramped apartment bedroom.  This was an oasis of serenity with its snowy white placidity.  The entire room had the appeal of fresh white linens.  The glossy floor added the only bit of shine to the otherwise muted brightness of crisp white.  The only other color was provided by the view of the green lawn through the window, and I imagined how it would look covered with snow in the winter.

          My pink dress provided the only splash of color within the room, but it would be back to undisturbed white once I removed the dress from view.  I planned to keep this room as uncluttered as it currently was.  The sheer size of it made it look like it contained minimal furniture, although it had more than any bedroom I’d ever had before.  There was only a bed and a dresser in my apartment bedroom, while here I also had a desk, nightstands, and that backless couch the designer had called a settee.  My new bed was also a queen size, which was something the designer had talked me into getting.  She had actually wanted me to get a king size bed, so we had compromised.

          I couldn’t fathom why I’d need a king size bed just for one person, or even a queen size for that matter.  The full size bed I had in the apartment had already been an upgrade from the twin size I’d slept on at Grandma’s house.  I really didn’t care about the size of the bed, but I had to admit that the thick mattress the designer had ordered was the most comfortable I had ever slept on.  It was what I would miss the most when I had to leave this lifestyle behind after high school.

          I stretched luxuriously and got out of bed.  My eyes fell on the keychain I’d set on the nightstand, and I felt the stirrings of excitement I had been too overwhelmed to feel last night.  I had a car!  A beautiful, shiny new car.  We had never owned a new car before, because Mom could only afford to buy a used car.  That was the kind of car I had seen in my future when I scraped together enough money to buy one.  I hadn’t ever imagined having one before I finished high school, and especially not a brand new one.

          I could just imagine the expressions on my coworkers’ faces when I showed up to work in my sharp black Mustang.  As much as I hated to admit it, Cade had been right about me preferring one like his.  Not that I would have rejected the gift of a red Mustang, but I had coveted his from the moment I saw it.  And he had been able to read me.  I frowned at that thought.  I didn’t want him to be able to read me so easily.  I would have to work on concealing my emotions from him.

           He himself was so moody that I never knew how he would react to anything.  One minute he was distant and in the next he was propositioning me.  Then he would get angry in that cold, cruel way of his.  Yet sometimes he could be playful and warm.  Glimpses into that side of him were rare, but that part of him existed.  It was spontaneous rather than calculated like his false friendliness when he wanted something.

          It was good that he was a selfish jerk most of the time, because I would have fallen for him if that other side of him was the dominant part of his personality.  I was already physically attracted to him, so he would have been irresistible to me if he was the whole package of looks and personality.  Since he was now my stepbrother, that would have been a disaster.  We couldn’t exactly date like a normal couple.
          I shook those thoughts off, because they didn’t pertain to our situation.  My situation, I corrected myself.  There was no we here.  Cade was completely separate from me.  I couldn’t start thinking that we were in this together.  As he had reminded me yesterday, this was his house and I didn’t belong here.  I had to remember that and remain aware of this being a temporary situation.  This wasn’t my home, and it never would be.

          After using the bathroom and washing my hands while still lost in contemplation of my new life, I almost walked out of my room in my pajamas.  I shut the door as I realized that I couldn’t walk around here like that.  I had lived with only women all my life, and I had been able to be comfortable at home without a bra.  I could eat breakfast in my pajamas and walk out of the bathroom in a towel.  Now that I was living with guys, I would have to be dressed whenever I left the privacy of my bedroom.

         I grabbed some clothes out of my closet and underwear out of my dresser.  Setting those on the bed, I took off my pajama top and pulled my deodorant out of the drawer in my nightstand.  I had one arm raised high while applying deodorant when Cade walked into my room and froze at the sight of me.

         I screeched as I dropped the deodorant and crossed my arms over my bare breasts.  “Get out asshole!” I yelled at him.

          He recovered from his shock and replied calmly to me.  “Your door was unlocked.”

          “Ever heard of knocking?” I retorted angrily.  “How would you like it if I just walked into your room any time I felt like it?”

            He smirked in response.  “You’re welcome to walk in on me any time you want.  I’ll make sure I’m always naked for you.”

           “I’m not naked,” I said in angry frustration, “and get out of here you pervert.”

          “Naked enough for a start,” he replied.  “I’ll be thinking about—“

          His mother’s gasp cut him off as she pushed open the door he had left ajar.  “Cade!” she exclaimed in shock and reproval.

            “He won’t leave,” I complained to her.

          “I was in shock,” he told her.  “I stopped to see if she needed help finding her way down to breakfast, and I didn’t know she wasn’t dressed yet.”

           “He didn’t knock,” I exclaimed with all the outrage I was feeling.

           “The door wasn’t—“

            Catherine cut off his explanation with a stern look and a tone that had no patience for his arguments.  “What are you still doing here?  Leave!”

          He turned and finally left, forcefully yanking the door shut behind him.  Catherine smiled awkwardly at me.  “I’m sorry about that.  He used to barge in here all the time when it was Courtney’s room, but he’s not a little boy anymore.  I’ll have a talk with him.”

          “Courtney?” I questioned as she moved toward the door.

         Catherine turned back toward me.  “Courtney was his older sister.  She died when he was eight.”  Her eyes swept over the room, and her lips formed a soft smile even as sadness was in her gaze.  “I think she would have liked what you’ve done with this room.”

          “This was her room?” I asked in dismay.

          “It was,” Catherine confirmed.  “I kept it exactly as it was after she died, and I shut myself away in here like I was waiting for her to come back.  It was destroying me, but I couldn’t see it.  I was so far gone that I had a breakdown when Robert cleared all her things out of here.”

          “He had forced me to leave the house with Cade for the day,” she continued as I listened in fascination to the tragic story.  “He threatened to have me committed to a mental institution if I couldn’t spend one day away from this room.  When I came back that evening, the room was stripped bare.  All her stuffed animals, her bedding, her clothes—everything was gone.  He told me it was all stored away in the attic, but I couldn’t deal with seeing her room empty of all her things.”

          I didn’t know what to say.  It was awful, and I thought that Robert had gone overboard in trying to force her to move on from grieving her daughter.

          “It was right after the first anniversary of her death,” she said, and that changed my perspective.  “He’d let it go on for a year, and he saw that I was making no progress.  Reaching my breaking point and going to the hospital turned out to be the best thing for me.”

           She pulled herself out of her reverie.  “You still need to get dressed, and I’m holding you up.  I’m sorry again about Cade walking in on you.  I’ll talk to him, but you should probably lock your door when you need privacy, just to be on the safe side.”

          I did just that after she left.  Cade wasn’t going to catch me unaware again, and it seemed like even his mom suspected that he might try.  My anger at him had dissipated while I imagined him as a little boy who had lost his sister and pretty much lost his mother too during the time when he needed her most.  I wasn’t going to let that soften my heart toward him though.  I felt sympathy for the kid he had been, but it wouldn’t excuse his behavior now. 








Chapter 15



          I found Catherine waiting for me at the top of the grand staircase.  She was leaning against the banister as she held onto the railing, and I could easily picture her as a romantic heroine in one of those old movies.  All she needed was a gown like the one she’d worn yesterday, but she looked right in this setting even in her black pants and red blouse.  It was a sophisticated look that I didn’t have as I approached her in my old sweatpants and t-shirt.

          “I thought you might not know how to find the kitchen,” she said.

          “I don’t,” I confirmed.  “Thanks for waiting for me.” 

          We walked down the staircase together as she asked me about my plans for today.  I couldn’t help grinning when I replied that I was going for a drive.  She smiled and said that Cade had told her about my new car.

          “I love it,” I admitted to her.  “It’s crazy to get a present like that for no reason, but I want to keep it.”

          “Of course you’ll keep it,” she proclaimed.  “It’s yours.  Robert wouldn’t have bought it for you if he didn’t want you to have it.”

           “It’s just so much,” I said.  “A brand new car for a present.  That’s crazy,” I repeated.

           “It’s really not for him,” she told me.  “Have you seen how many cars he has in the garage?  What’s one more?” she laughed.  “Seriously though, just his Jag alone cost four times as much as he paid for your car.”

           She made it sound like the price of my car was pocket change for Robert, and it probably was considering his wealth, but it was still a huge deal to me.  My wedding present to him and my mom seemed like nothing in comparison to a car.  I had splurged on them and paid forty dollars for a crystal wedding photo frame.  It was a lot to spend on a picture frame, but I had been excited about finding something elegant and special for them on my limited budget.  Now that thought seemed foolish when I considered that Robert had been able to buy me a brand new car, one which was actually a bargain for him compared to how much he had spent on his other cars.  He probably wouldn’t even notice one little picture frame among all the other, more expensive wedding presents from his wealthy guests. 

          I deflated a little while thinking about the insignificance of my gift.  Cade brought my mood down even more with his critical perusal of my outfit.  I had been prepared to deal with his smirks over seeing me topless, but his eyes swept disapprovingly over my threadbare t-shirt and comfy old sweatpants.

          “You need new clothes,” he proclaimed.  “Can you take her shopping, Mom?”

          Catherine laughed.  “You just said my favorite word.”

          I wanted to tell Cade off for presuming he could make decisions for me, but there was a stranger in the kitchen with us.  “Uh, hi,” I said to her.

          “That’s Lauren,” Cade told me.  “She’s our cook.”

          Lauren frowned before she caught herself and turned it into a bright smile for me.  “I’m Robert’s personal chef.  What would you like for breakfast?”

          I didn’t miss her emphasizing the fact that Cade wasn’t her boss, and I smiled back at her in solidarity.  “It’s nice to meet you.  I’m Lexie, and anything’s fine.  Whatever’s easiest for you.”

          “She’ll have bacon and eggs,” Cade said.  He was seated at the huge kitchen island with a plate full of the food he had just ordered for me.

          I glared at him.  “You don’t know what I want.  Maybe I don’t even like bacon,” I suggested even as the smell of it was making me hungry for it.

          “You said anything,” he retorted, “and she already has the pans ready for bacon and eggs.”

         “It’s no problem,” Lauren hurried to assure me.  “I can make you whatever you want.”

          “Bacon and eggs sounds good,” I admitted as I eyed the pans on the stove that Cade had mentioned.  “I just didn’t want him deciding for me.”

          Lauren smiled in amusement before putting on an attentive expression for Catherine.  “What would you like?” she enquired.

          Catherine sighed.  “I would like what they’re having, but I’ll have oatmeal.”

          Lauren appeared to be disappointed by that answer.  “Or I could make you an egg white omelet,” she offered.  “It’s healthy and delicious.”

          Catherine wavered.  “I don’t want you to go to any extra trouble for me.”

          “It’s no trouble,” Lauren told her.  “I love to cook.  And I love to show off my culinary skills,” she added with a smile.

           “Okay,” Catherine agreed.  “That sounds better than having oatmeal again.” 

          Lauren made her omelet while she was cooking my bacon.  She had added colorful veggies, and it looked a lot more appetizing than I had expected it to be.  Catherine declared it delicious.  I said the same thing about my tasty scrambled eggs.  Mine never came out that light and fluffy.  Lauren beamed at our praise, and I had another surreal moment.

          I was sitting here in a mansion eating food cooked by a professional chef.  The kitchen was so spacious that I wondered why Robert ever bothered to eat in the dining room.  There was plenty of seating for all of us at the long kitchen island, and I liked the atmosphere in the bright, big kitchen.  There was a skylight in here, marble countertops, and gleaming stainless steel appliances.
          “Are you going shopping after breakfast?” Cade prompted his mom and intruded upon my appreciation of the amazing kitchen he probably took for granted.

          “I have,” I began at the same time that Catherine said that I could drive us to the store in my new car.

          I waited until she finished speaking before beginning my sentence again.  “I have clothes.  This is just what I wear around the house.”

          I saw no reason to put on my good clothes when I wasn’t going out in public.  I had been planning to go for a drive, but I could still wear what I had on since I wasn’t going to get out of the car.

          “That’s what homeless people wear,” Cade remarked.

          “Cade!” Catherine exclaimed sharply while I burned in embarrassment in front of Lauren.

          “It’s true,” he began.  “They’ve got holes in their—“

          “Cade!” Catherine cut him off furiously and sprang out of her chair.  “Apologize to Lexie right now.”

          “I was just saying that she’s not poor anymore, and she can get—“

          “Cade!” she yelled.  “Go to your room.”

          “Go to my room?” he questioned in a disparaging tone.  “What am I, five?”

          “You had more manners when you were five,” she retorted.  “Now go to your room and think about how you’ve treated Lexie today.  Don’t come back out until you’re ready to apologize.”

          “I’m sorry for saying that you can go shopping and buy all the clothes you want,” he told me sarcastically.

          Catherine lost all patience with him.  “I said go to your room!”

          “Fine,” he said as he stood up.  “I won’t try to help her out anymore.”

          “I’m sorry,” Catherine apologized for him again after he left.  “I don’t know what’s gotten into him.”

          She apparently hadn’t known how rude and insensitive her son was.  I made no comment, because she had now seen his behavior for herself.  “Thank you for making breakfast for us,” I told Lauren as I stood up.

           “Yes, thank you,” Catherine said.  “Take the rest of the day off.  We’ll grab lunch and dinner out while we’re shopping.”

          I turned to her in surprise.  “But I—“
          She interrupted me in a pleading tone.  “Don’t let Cade spoil your fun.  Do you want to ask any of your friends to join us?”

           She didn’t know that I didn’t have any friends, and she obviously wasn’t going to let this shopping idea go.  Either she really wanted to go shopping, or she secretly agreed with Cade about the way I was dressed.  Lauren had made herself scarce as soon as Catherine told her she could have the rest of the day off.  She probably couldn’t wait to escape this drama, and I was tired of it myself.  Mom and I hardly ever argued, so I wasn’t used to this.  It seemed easier to just give in than to keep insisting that I didn’t want to go shopping.

          “I’d rather just go with you,” I replied.  At least I liked Catherine a lot better than her son, so I could handle spending the day with her.  “I’ll go change.”

            She looked relieved that I wasn’t planning to go out in the clothes I had on, and that confirmed my suspicions that she thought I desperately needed new clothes.  In response, I put on a new pair of jeans that I hadn’t worn yet and the only blouse I owned, which also hadn’t been worn yet.  It was a pink and white plaid design which had been a Christmas present from my mom.  The woman really loved to see me in pink.

          That thought made me remember my bridesmaid dress, but it wasn’t where I had left it.  I couldn’t find it anywhere in my room, and I wondered who could have taken it.  Why would anyone want to steal a bridesmaid dress?  It wasn’t something that I would ever wear again, but it upset me that someone had taken something that was mine.

          I saw Cade standing across the hall when I stepped out of my room, and I immediately suspected him.  “Did you take my dress?”

          He appeared to be confounded by my question.  “What?”

          “My bridesmaid dress,” I clarified.  “It’s gone.”

          “Oh,” he responded in understanding, “Janet probably took it to get it cleaned.”

          “Who’s Janet?” I asked.

          “She’s the housekeeper,” he replied.  “She’s in charge of the housekeeping staff.”  He smiled in bemusement then.  “Why would you think I took your dress?”

          “To play a prank on me,” I told him.  “I saw it was gone, and then I saw you standing out here so…”

          “I don’t care about your dress once it’s off you,” he said as his eyes swept over my body.  “Cute clothes,” he remarked, “but you look better out of them.”

            After the drama with him in the kitchen, it had actually slipped my mind that he had seen me topless.  The way he was looking at me now made it clear that he was remembering that incident in vivid detail.

          “Let’s go to my room,” he urged seductively.
          “Sorry,” I told him with false sweetness.  “I have to go shopping with your mom so I won’t offend you by looking too poor.”

          “I was just trying to help you,” he retorted in annoyance.  “What’s so terrible about telling you that you can buy all the clothes you want?  Most girls would be thrilled.”

          “Nobody likes to be insulted,” I replied.

         “I wasn’t insulting you,” he insisted.  “I was just talking about your clothes.”

          “Never mind,” I said.  “You just don’t get it, and you never will, because you don’t think about other people’s feelings.”

           I walked away from him, and my mood lifted.  I felt like I was going off on an adventure and leaving him behind, and that was a satisfying feeling.































Chapter 16

           

           Catherine wasn’t kidding about shopping being one of her favorite things.  She dragged me to more stores than I’d ever been to in my life.  I balked at the price tags, but she dismissed my protests that everything was too expensive.  “Robert will reimburse me for it,” she said.  “He told me to take you shopping for school clothes.”

          Apparently, even Robert was ashamed of my thrifty wardrobe.  I didn’t believe in all that nonsense about clothes making the man, but I was outnumbered on this in my new household.  It didn’t seem worth arguing about, and it wasn’t like I disliked getting new clothes.

          Shopping with Catherine was like the shopping scene from Pretty Woman.  She spent a ridiculous amount of money buying more clothes than anyone could possibly need.  When I pointed out that a particular outfit was too dressy for school, she would always reply, “But it looks so cute on you!  You have to have it.”

          We ate lunch at the upscale mall where we were shopping, but not at the food court.  Catherine led me into a restaurant where we could be served by a waitress.  I wondered if she ever ate fast food like her son did.  Maybe he would drive out to get some for lunch since Lauren wouldn’t be there to prepare his meal.

           “Cade can make himself a sandwich,” Catherine said, obviously thinking about him as she looked at her menu.  “There’s plenty of food in the refrigerator.”

            “Yeah,” I agreed, although I doubted that he would actually put together his own sandwich.  “What about, uh…your boyfriend?” I asked as I tried to remember his name.

             “Josh flew home last night,” she answered.  “I wouldn’t want to set a bad example,” she added with a wry smile.

           I directed a droll smile back at her.  “I guess Robert is kind of old fashioned about stuff like that.”

          “Robert can be so blind to reality sometimes,” she remarked.  “He’s brought an attractive girl to live under the same roof as his son, but he can’t see where this is headed.  He’s always fantasized about having the perfect family, probably because he never had much of a family life himself.  He spent his childhood with nannies and being sent off to boarding schools.”

          I couldn’t focus on what she was saying about Robert’s childhood, because my mind was stuck on the implications of her earlier statement.  She must have been referring to me, because I was the only girl living under the same roof as Robert’s son.  “I’m not sure what you mean,” I began, “but there is nothing…I mean if you’re talking about—“

           She interrupted my rambling.  “I’m talking about you and Cade,” she stated.  “There is something between you.  You’re not the first pretty girl to live with Cade, but he had no interest in the last one.  Not his type I guess, but I can see that he’s interested in you.”

          I flushed.  “That’s just because he saw me, you know, this morning in my room.”

          “No,” she disagreed.  “I saw how he was looking at you yesterday at the wedding.”

           The waitress approached us and asked if we were ready to order.  Catherine and I both ordered the grilled chicken salad, and I resumed the conversation after the waitress left.  I was eager to set Catherine straight on her assumptions.

           “Even if Cade is…interested in me, that doesn’t mean that I’m interested in him,” I told her.

          “Of course,” she agreed too quickly and took a sip of her water.

          “I’m not,” I insisted.  “Just because we’re living in the same house doesn’t mean that anything’s going to happen.  No offense, but I really don’t like him.  He’s…not my type.”  I was going to say rude and obnoxious, but I toned it down for his mom.

           “Okay,” she agreed unconvincingly with a little smirk that was a muted version of her son’s.

          I scowled in annoyance.  It wouldn’t irk me so much that his mother assumed that Cade was irresistible if he wasn’t smugly convinced of it himself.  His arrogance ruined what could have been endearing maternal bias.

          “I actually like one of his friends,” I lied to let her know there was somebody better than her son.  “I’m hoping that Cade will set me up with him.”

          Her surprised expression was satisfying to see.  “Oh, well, I’m sure he will if you ask him,” she responded uncertainly.

          “He’s got such cute friends,” I gushed to sell the story that I wasn’t interested in Cade.

          “What about your friends?” she asked, unknowingly poking at a wound as she expanded on the topic of conversation.  “Do you have a friend you can set Cade up with?”

          “No,” I answered.  “I’m kind of a loner.”

          She appeared dismayed that I didn’t have any friends, but she smiled reassuringly at me.  “Well, you have an opportunity to make some new friends now.  Maybe we can have a party, and Cade can invite some of the neighborhood kids.  And your crush too,” she added with a grin.

          I now regretted making up that stupid lie, and I didn’t want it to spiral out of control.  “I’m not much of a party person,” I told her truthfully. 

          “You just need to come out of your shell and have some fun,” she said.  “It gets easier once you get to know people.”

          I wasn’t eager to get to know anyone.  After ruining my friendship with Skylar, I thought it best to just keep to myself and stay out of trouble.  Now that I had a car, I never even needed to ask anyone for a ride anywhere.  I could go everywhere by myself, so I didn’t need anyone else.  I did miss having fun with a friend, but I could live without fun.

          Driving my new car was a thrill, so I did have that.  I was looking forward to going for a drive alone, but Catherine was pleasant company.  She was surprisingly friendly to me and had gone way above the duties of a babysitter.  I hadn’t expected her to pay much attention to me since her reason for agreeing to help Robert out must have been her son.  She certainly had no reason to care about me.

          She was just one of those friendly people who was nice to everyone, and I liked her.  Her eagerness to help backfired on me though when we returned to the house later that afternoon.  It was getting close to dinner time, and she had decided to take pity on Cade and stop home to get him so he could go out to eat with us.  She called him as she drove up to the house and enlisted him to help us carry my shopping bags up to my room.

          He laughed when he saw the full back seat.  “Is there anything you didn’t buy?”

          “This was your idea,” I reminded him in irritation.  I couldn’t believe he had the audacity to act like I was a shopaholic.

          “There’s more in the trunk,” Catherine informed him.

          He shot me a look full of gloating amusement while I scowled and swept past him while carrying two full shopping bags.  I deposited them in my room, and Cade and Catherine were right behind me with more bags.  Cade carried five by himself.  He placed them on the carpet next to the four Catherine and I had dropped there.

          “Lexie wants you to set her up with your friend,” Catherine announced.

          “I do not,” I exclaimed in startled response, although I should have expected that she would mention it to him.

          “Don’t be embarrassed,” Catherine said.  “Cade won’t tell him that you like him.  He’ll just invite him to the party and casually arrange for him to talk to you.”

          I could feel Cade’s scrutiny, but I postponed looking at him as long as I could.  Now I had to pretend to like one of his friends, which was humiliating enough.  Even worse, I was drawing a blank while trying to remember his friends’ names.

          “Who is it?” Cade asked in a neutral tone that told me nothing about his reaction to this development.

          “Um,” I stalled and decided to act like I was too embarrassed to reveal the identity of the guy.  “I’d rather not say.”

          I glanced at him and saw him watching me with a sly expression.  “I can’t help you if I don’t know which one you like.”

          “I don’t need your help,” I retorted.
          “Invite all of them,” Catherine suggested.  “That way it won’t be obvious, but she’ll be able to talk to him while she mingles with the guests.  Invite some kids from the neighborhood too.  Lexie would like to make some new friends.”

          My indignity was now complete.  I had been reduced to asking Cade to find friends and a boyfriend for me, like I needed his influence to get people to like me.  I knew that Catherine didn’t see it that way.  She just wanted Cade to help me out, and it was only my dislike of him that made me perceive it as charity.  I also knew that it would play into his exaggerated sense of power.

          “Sure,” he said with his usual self-importance, “I’ll introduce her to some people.  We’ll have a party next weekend, and she’ll be in now that she’s a Stover.”

          “I am not a Stover,” I corrected him immediately.  “Just because my mom changed her last name doesn’t mean that I did.  Mine is still Chapman, just like my dad’s.”

          “Your parents weren’t even married,” he remarked condescendingly.  “Your mom took his name even though—“

          “Cade!” Catherine cut him off sharply.

          I talked over her.  “They were going to get married!  You know that he died before they could.  Why should that keep me from having my dad’s name?”

          “You never even knew him,” he retorted.  “He could have turned out to be a shitty dad for all you know.  Why wouldn’t you want to show some gratitude and respect to the man who’s actually being a good father to you?  He—“

          “Cade,” Catherine yelled.  “Apologize to Lexie right now!”

         “For what?” he demanded.

         “That was rude and insensitive,” she replied angrily.  “I can’t believe you would talk about her father that way.”

          He opened his mouth to respond, but she immediately cut him off before he could speak.  “Now, Cade,” she insisted in a hard tone.  “Apologize.”

          He scowled, first at her then at me.  “I apologize.”

          Catherine directed an annoyed look at him.  “For being rude and insensitive,” she instructed him.

          “For being rude and insensitive,” he repeated.   

          She glared at him for his unfeeling delivery, but I knew better than to expect a real apology from him.  Since I didn’t feel like standing around and arguing about it anymore, I declared that I was hungry and asked if we could go eat now.

          “I’ll get the rest of the bags out of the car,” Cade offered, probably just to appease his mom.
           Catherine watched him leave with a troubled expression on her face.  “Is he always so rude to you?” she asked me.

           “Not always,” I replied.  “He’s actually been okay this whole month before the wedding, but now…”

            I trailed off, finding it impossible to tell his mother that he had tried to have sex with me, and that he was mad because I had refused him.  Maybe he thought I owed him something for the privilege of living in his house.  He certainly thought that I owed his dad and should have changed my last name in appreciation for him treating me like a daughter.  It was laughable to me that Cade was spouting off about respect when he had none himself.

          “I’ll talk to him,” Catherine promised.  “He will apologize,” she added in a steely tone.

          I wasn’t holding my breath waiting for that, and I took the opportunity to taunt him in the car on the way to the restaurant while Catherine was there to keep him in line.  “I’m keeping my dad’s name forever,” I stressed.  “I’m never changing it.”

          Cade responded from the backseat where Catherine had made him sit so that I could sit in front with her.  “Not even when you get married?” he questioned.

          “Nope,” I said.  “He’s not changing his name, so why should I change mine?”

          “What about when you have a kid?” he asked.  “Whose name will the kid have?”

          “Mine,” I answered smugly, enjoying antagonizing him.  He’d hate the thought of going against tradition that way.

          “Really?” he enquired.  “So you cherish your dad’s name, but you’re not gonna let your kid have his dad’s name.  Interesting.”

          He was sitting behind Catherine, so it didn’t take much effort for me to be able to see him when I turned to glare at him from the front seat.  He smirked at me while I fumed that he had so easily left me without a comeback.  He’d also managed to make it sound like a polite conversation rather than the verbal battle it was.

          “What kind of food are we in the mood for?” Catherine asked.  “Steak?  Seafood?”

          She had most likely decided that her best tactic was to change the subject.  She was probably realizing what she was in for during this week with Cade and me, and she might be regretting her decision to stay with us.  At least there was an end in sight for her, whereas I would be stuck in this situation for a long two years before I could leave for college.

        Stuck with Cade.  The obnoxious jerk was still gloating with that smug smirk on his face, and I turned away so I wouldn’t have to see it.  I should have been enjoying the thrill of riding around in the red Ferrari Catherine was driving.  She had chosen it from the collection in the garage when I had said that I wanted a break from driving.  I didn’t really, but I hadn’t wanted to drive Cade in my car.

          He had ruined the atmosphere in this amazing car.  At least he was cramped in the backseat with his long legs.  It gave me some satisfaction to know that he was suffering a bit of discomfort.  He was stubborn enough not to complain about it though.  I had wanted him to have a tantrum when Catherine relegated him to the backseat, but he had chosen not to argue.  That was why I had tried to antagonize him so that his mouth could get him in more trouble, but he’d had the cunning to keep his cool and outwit me.

          “Lexie should pick,” he now offered politely.

          I frowned at my lap in frustration.  If only I knew if there was a restaurant he hated, then I’d pick that one.  “Anything is fine,” I said without the enthusiasm being treated to two meals out in one day deserved.

          Mom and I had never eaten out twice in one week, let alone in one day.  She had gotten employee discounts on the food where she worked, but we still couldn’t afford to splurge like this. Thinking about that made me think about her and the fabulous vacation she was on far away from here.  Knowing how much better her life was now that she didn’t have to work two jobs anymore made this all worth it.  I could put up with Cade for my mom’s sake.

          His stupid opinions and comments didn’t matter.  I would just ignore what he said and not let him get to me.

























Chapter 17



          “Who do you like?” Cade pestered me.

          I was trying to escape to my room after dinner, but he had followed me upstairs.  “Just forget about it,” I entreated him.

          He leaned obstinately against my bedroom door, blocking my way.  “Name even one of my friends,” he challenged.  “I bet you don’t know any of their names.”

           I scoffed to cover the fact that he was right.  “Tyler,” I stated with more confidence than I felt, hoping that I had guessed correctly.  That was a popular name, so there was a good chance there would be a Tyler in his group of friends.

          His smile was pure wickedness.  “Tyler Sullivan has a girlfriend, but you’ve never let that stand in your way before.”

         My anger flared, burning through my resolve to ignore his smug remarks.  “That was your fault!  You chased after me.  You started trying to get with me from the first day you asked her out.”

          “It’s my fault you have a thing for me?” he retorted.

          “What?” I exclaimed.  “I hate you!  I’ve always hated you.”

          “Always?” he queried.  “Those are strong feelings to have for someone you don’t even know.  How long have you been obsessed with me?”

           “I have not, I am not obsessed with you,” I sputtered in outrage.

           “What else would you call it?” he enquired in an infuriatingly calm tone.

          “Disgust,” I retorted.

          “Lexie,” he chided me like I was a child, “why are you playing these stupid games?  Do you really expect me to believe that you feel disgust for me after you kissed me twice?  Or that you’re interested in one of my friends when it’s obvious that you don’t even know their names?”

          I had no comeback regarding those kisses, so I couldn’t continue with the bickering.  “Your mom thought you were interested in me, so I made up the story about liking one of your friends,” I admitted.

           “Good thinking,” he praised me.  “That’s a great cover story for us.”

          “There is no us,” I stressed to him.

          “Really?” he questioned.  “You’re still gonna deny that you’re attracted to me?”

          “No,” I replied, “but that doesn’t mean that I’m going to sleep with you either.”

          “Nobody said anything about sleeping,” he teased and grinned.

          I didn’t reciprocate with playful banter.  “I’m not going to have sex with you,” I stated.

          A serious expression replaced his smile.  “Don’t be scared.  I promise you’ll like it.”

          I had no doubt that I would like it, but that wasn’t the problem.  “I’m not scared.  I just don’t want to do that.  I mean I want to,” I amended, “but I can’t.”

          “Why not?” he asked.

          “Well for one thing, you’re my stepbrother,” I answered, “and I don’t even like you.”

           “You just said that you want me,” he began to argue.

            “Yeah,” I confirmed, “but I don’t like you as a person.  I need to like a guy if he’s going to be my boyfriend, and you can’t be my boyfriend anyway since you’re my stepbrother.”

          “You’re making this more complicated than it has to be,” Cade said.  “We don’t need to put labels on each other and go out on dates.  We’re both single, we’re attracted to each other, and we live together.  It’s the perfect situation.”

          “You just want sex,” I accused him.

          “You just told me a minute ago that’s what you want too,” he reminded me.

          “I want more than that,” I declared.  “Well, not right now,” I amended.  “I don’t want a boyfriend until I finish college.  I’m done with guys for now.”

          He studied me silently for a moment.  “I wasn’t aware of you starting with guys, but now you’re done with them?”

           “Yes,” I said.  “I’m done with them, so leave me alone.  There are lots of other girls who want to have sex with you, as I’m sure you know.  Go sleep with one of them.”  

          “This is stupid,” he proclaimed.  “You want me, so why are you stopping yourself from having what you want?”

          “You don’t get it,” I told him.  “Just because you’ve never been in love…”  I trailed off as I thought about Lucas.  “Well, love sucks sometimes.  I don’t want to fall in love, but I don’t want to have sex just for sex either.  Especially not with you.  I already lost my best friend because of you.”

          “The damage is already done,” he remarked.  “What’s the point of holding back now?”

          “I’m not holding back,” I retorted automatically, although we’d been having a surprisingly reasonable and calm conversation on the subject.  “It’s not like I have to stop myself from having sex with you.”

          He smiled in response.  “You just haven’t gotten to that point yet, Lexie.  You don’t know what it’s like when you’re so turned on that you can barely think anymore.  I know how to get you there though, and you won’t want to stop.”

          I realized that he thought I was a virgin who hadn’t ever experienced sexual abandon.  “I’m not ever going to get to that point with you, Cade.  I was stupid enough to kiss you, but I’m not stupid enough to have sex with you.”

          He huffed out an amused breath through his nose as his lips pressed into a tolerant smile.  “Oh, Lexie,” he said in that same tone of speaking to a child, “it’s inevitable.  We’re living together, and we’re attracted to each other.  It’s going to happen.”

          “You’re wrong,” I stated confidently.  “You’re not as irresistible as you think.”

          He stopped leaning against my door and stepped forward toward me.  “I don’t have to be irresistible.  I just have to be around.  It’s like when you’re on a diet, and someone keeps offering you sweets.  You might say no at first, but eventually you’ll give in to temptation.”

          “Here’s the problem with that analogy,” I told him, thinking that I was being clever, “you’re not sweet, and you’re not tempting me.”

           He moved in closer.  “You’re sweet enough for both of us, Lexie, and I’m not trying to tempt you yet.”

          I rolled my eyes, but he was already stepping back away from me.  “Why not?” I challenged.  “Afraid you’ll fail?  I’m not surprised when all you have are stupid lines like that.”

          In a sudden, unexpected move, he swiftly pulled his shirt off.  “No, I just have to take a shower first.  Also, my mom is coming toward us.”

          I was still preoccupied with the sight of him shirtless, so his words registered at the same time as the sound of Catherine’s heels approaching.  I turned toward her guiltily, like I had been caught doing something wrong.  “Cade’s going to take a shower,” I blurted.

          She looked from me to Cade.  “I made some popcorn, and I thought we could watch a movie.  It’s still too early to go to bed.”

          Maybe it was because I had just been talking about sex with her son, but it seemed like she was referring to something besides sleep when she mentioned going to bed.  “I would love to watch a movie,” I responded with exaggerated eagerness to throw her suspicions off.

          “I guess my shower can wait,” Cade said and casually put his shirt back on.  

          I had been hoping to escape his presence, but now I would be stuck with him for another couple of hours.  His comment about only needing to be around was starting to sink in.  I was determined not to let him weaken my resolve though.  He was wrong when he compared resisting him to being on a diet.  Yeah I was attracted to him, but it wasn’t like I craved him.

           His body was admittedly very nice.  Lucas’s body hadn’t looked like that, but that had been two years ago.  It had probably developed more since then and would be comparable to Cade’s masculine muscles.  All athletes had bodies like that.  Cade was nothing special.

          The actor in the movie we were watching had a similar physique, and he was now in the shower.  We could only see down to his waist onscreen, but I still felt uncomfortable watching this with Cade and his mom.  It got even worse when a hand slid over his stomach, and a naked girl was shown behind him.

          Catherine clicked the TV off just as the guy smiled and asked the girl how she got into his apartment.  Cade apologized insincerely.  “Sorry, I forgot about that scene.” 

          “You said that it was an action movie,” Catherine reminded him in an accusatory tone.

          “It is,” he replied.  “She gets killed on her first assignment, and he goes after the bad guys.”  He stood up from the other end of the couch.  “Lexie looks bored anyway.  I’m going to take a shower.  You guys can watch a chick flick if you want.”

          I actually hadn’t been bored at all, because I had gotten into the movie.  Right from the beginning, it had an unexpectedly romantic slant for an action movie.  The lead actor played a cadet at the FBI training facility, and the girl who ended up in the shower with him was one of his fellow trainees.  There were a lot of looks between them showing a secret attraction to each other.  Nothing but sexual tension had taken place until they graduated from the academy and she snuck into the shower with him.

          If I had been watching the movie alone, I would have wanted to see that scene play out.  Seeing it with Cade and his mom would have been excruciatingly embarrassing, but he had known that she would turn it off.  He’d just wanted me to see enough to picture him in the shower.  Maybe he even thought I would imagine joining him like the girl in the movie had.

          Catherine probably realized the same thing, because her expression of disapproval didn’t change as she looked at her son and watched him leave the room.  I waited for her to suggest a different movie, but she turned a pleading gaze to me.  “Please don’t do anything while I’m here.”

          My mouth opened in startled response.  “Uh…”

          “Robert blamed himself last time,” she told me.  “That girl—I’ve forgotten her name, but she was his girlfriend’s daughter.  She…well there was a situation with her, nothing to do with Cade, but there was another boy involved.  Robert decided he had set a bad example by living with her mother before they were married.”

          “He married her?” I asked, because Cade hadn’t mentioned his dad marrying anyone else.

          “No,” Catherine answered.  “They broke up, but he held himself accountable for what happened with her daughter.  Now he’s done everything the right way and married your mom,” she continued.  “So he’ll probably blame me this time if anything happens between you and Cade while I’m here.  Please just wait until I leave.  Then it’ll be on him.”

          “Nothing is going to happen,” I insisted.  

          “I like his friend, Tyler,” I added when she failed to look convinced.

          She smiled to placate me, but I could tell she didn’t believe me.  We ended up watching Ferris Bueller’s Day Off, because she wanted me to choose and I didn’t want to watch a romance.  The comedy lightened the atmosphere between us, but I was on edge after we went upstairs and parted.

          Catherine was in a guest room right down the hall from me, and I locked both my bedroom and bathroom doors.  Even so, I kept expecting Cade to somehow sneak into the shower with me.  I hadn’t seen him after he left me downstairs with Catherine, and I suddenly got the idea that he could be hiding in my closet and waiting for me to be alone.

          When I stepped out of my bathroom wrapped in a towel, my gaze went straight to my walk in closet.  The door was open like I’d left it when I got dressed this morning.  Was Cade hiding back there in the shadows and waiting for me to remove the towel?  He’d already seen me topless, so now he was waiting to see the rest of my body.

          I wouldn’t let that happen, and I held on firmly to the towel as I walked to the closet and turned on the light inside.  It was immediately clear that Cade wasn’t in there.  I had yet to hang up my new clothes, and the meager wardrobe contained within didn’t provide enough cover to hide him.

          Feeling foolish, I walked out of the closet.  Cade wouldn’t bother hiding.  He would walk in like he owned the place and insolently ogle me if he wanted to.  Still, my imagination had riled me up enough to feel exposed when I had to remove the towel in order to put on my sleep clothes.

          I couldn’t shake my expectation of Cade trying to seduce me tonight, and I remained tense in anticipation of a visit from him that never happened. 















Chapter 18



          The morning brought back my common sense.  My wild imaginings from the previous evening were ridiculous when I thought about them with a rational mind.  The shower scene from the movie combined with Cade’s assertion that having sex with him was inevitable had given me some crazy ideas.

          I was bemused with myself as I got dressed for school and went downstairs to have breakfast.  Cade and his mom were already in the kitchen, and I got the impression that they had been having an argument before I walked in.  They both appeared to be tense, but Catherine attempted a light tone when she spoke to me.

          “Good morning,” she said.  “What would you like for breakfast?” 

          I noticed that Lauren wasn’t there, and I was surprised to see Cade eating oatmeal.  He saw me looking at it.  “I only splurge on the weekend,” he told me.  “I eat clean the rest of the time.  Dad doesn’t eat breakfast, so Lauren has mornings off during the week.”

          “I can make you something,” Catherine offered.

          “Thanks, but I’d like some cereal if you have it,” I replied.  

          Catherine stood up, and I followed her to see where things were kept so that I could serve myself next time.  Mom had placed cereal boxes on top of the refrigerator in our apartment, but this house had a pantry where they were stored.  There were more than the few boxes we’d had, and the pantry looked like a mini store with all the goods on the shelves.

          I was excited by the selection until I saw that the cereals were all the healthy kind.  There wasn’t even one box of frosted anything.  It was all bran and fiber and protein this or that.  I had to choose one with plain flakes, but I asked for sugar when I carried it back to the table.  Cade had already gotten a bowl and a spoon for me and gotten the milk out of the refrigerator.

         He took the sugar out of the cupboard for me, but he commented that I was ruining a healthy breakfast.  I innocently replied that a little sugar never hurt anyone, and his gaze fixed on mine.

         “No it doesn’t,” he agreed in an entirely different tone.

         His sexual innuendo was as blatant as if he had said something dirty, and I felt embarrassed in front of his mom.  I broke eye contact with him and focused on pouring milk and cereal into my bowl.  As I was spooning sugar into it, Cade spoke again, but his words were cold this time.

          “Why aren’t you wearing your new clothes?” he asked in haughty disapproval.

          I bristled at having to explain myself to him.  “I can wear what I want.”

         “You don’t like anything we bought yesterday?” Catherine questioned.

          “I like everything,” I assured her, “but I’m just saving them.”

          “For when?” Cade demanded.  “You’re not poor anymore, so you don’t have to conserve your clothes.  Donate that stuff to Goodwill and put on something nice.”

          I was surprised that it would even occur to him to donate something to a charity, but I was annoyed at his attitude.  Unlike my threadbare t-shirt yesterday, there was nothing wrong with the one I was wearing now.  My jeans were also in decent condition, so his criticism was unwarranted.

          “Don’t make me put on my sweatpants again,” I warned him in defiance.

          “I wasn’t aware that I could make you do anything,” he retorted, “but that’s good to know.”

          It wasn’t spoken with a smirk, but the wicked gleam in his eyes had the same effect.  I responded with a scowl.  Catherine admonished him to stop pestering me, and she urged us not to be late for school.

          Cade finished his oatmeal.  “I’ll drive today,” he said.

          I glanced at him as I chewed my cereal.  “I’m driving myself,” I said after I swallowed my food.

          “We can take turns,” he told me.  “We’ll carpool and save on gas.  I know how you like to save money,” he taunted.

          While I would ordinarily hate to be wasteful and drive two cars when we were going to the same place, I didn’t want to spend any more time with Cade than I had to.  “I have to go to work after school,” I explained for Catherine’s benefit.  “That was the whole point of me getting a car.  Remember?” I couldn’t resist taunting him.

          “You don’t even need to work,” he began to argue.

          “She likes her independence,” Catherine asserted.  “I told you to stop pestering her.  She’s driving herself, so you don’t have to wait for her.  Go to school,” she ordered.

          Cade didn’t look too happy about being told what to do, but he silently obeyed.  I was again surprised when he rinsed out his bowl in the sink and set it in the dishwasher.  I had expected him to leave his dirty dishes on the table for the maid to clean up, but putting them away was obviously a routine for him.

          “The party is next Friday,” he mentioned before leaving the room.  “I already invited everyone yesterday.  Your crush is coming,” he added with that smirk I had been expecting earlier.  

          It made me want to annoy him in return, but he always had a comeback to anything I said.  Now I not only had the frustration of dealing with him, but I had to deal with his friends at this party I didn’t even want to be at.  I didn’t even have one friend of my own that I could invite…

          The idea came to me in that moment.  There was one person I’d met since I’d become entangled with Cade who seemed like she could be a potential friend.  The fact that Cade couldn’t stand her only added to her appeal.

          “Can I invite someone too?” I asked Catherine.

          “Of course,” she replied.  “It’s your party too.  Invite anyone you want.”

          I smiled at the thought of undermining Cade.  He wouldn’t be able to make a scene in front of his mom and all the people at the party.  It would annoy the hell out of him, and I would enjoy pissing him off.

          I texted Jenna about the party as soon as I sat down in my car.  After I drove out of the garage, I got a response from her.  Will Cade be there?

          I stopped the car and texted back.  Yes, but don’t worry about him.  His mom won’t let him kick you out

          I waited, and she texted back after a pause during which she was probably debating what to do.  Ok.  Don’t tell him I’m coming

          I hadn’t been planning on it, and I sent her a message that I wouldn’t.  My glee over ruining the party for Cade was making me look forward to it, and it made me enjoy my first solo drive in my car even more.  I felt on top of the world right then, and it was a great feeling.

          I should have remembered that the last time I’d felt like that was when Lucas asked me out.  I had been flying high until I crashed and burned when he dumped me.  Now I was back up there feeling like I was soaring high where Cade couldn’t reach me.  It made me reckless, and I decided to take it to the extreme.

          He wanted me to look better?  Then I would make him see that he should be careful what he wished for.  I didn’t consider myself a great beauty, but I knew that money could work miracles.  It would be poetic justice to use Cade’s money against him.

          Catherine had made sure that I had her number in case I needed it, so I called her when I arrived at school.  “Hi, sorry to bother you, but I was thinking I’d like to get a makeover for the party.  Could you help me?”

          “Absolutely,” she replied enthusiastically.  “I’ll arrange it for Friday after school.  You’ll premiere your new look at the party.”

          “Thank you,” I told her.  “I want to make a big impression.”

          “Don’t worry, Lexie.  You’re going to be stunning.  Oh, this is going to be so much fun!” she gushed.

          It sure will be, I thought.  Not only would I piss off Cade when he saw that I had invited Jenna, but I would also frustrate him by looking hot and flaunting what he couldn’t have.  It would be a minor annoyance in his life, but it was all I had to throw at him. 
Chapter 19



          I stared at my face in amazement.  The makeup artist had somehow managed to make me look beautiful and alluring.  Skylar and I had marveled over how different some celebrities looked without makeup compared to when they were wearing makeup, but I hadn’t ever imagined that such a transformation was possible on a regular person.

          My makeover was much more dramatic than Skylar’s had been.  With my cover model face and hair, and wearing a sexy lace mini dress, I looked nothing like my usual self.  My brunette hair seemed to compliment the rich burgundy color of the dress, and I had never looked better in my life.   

          Catherine had insisted that a dress like this required heels, but I chose short heels that I could walk in easily.  They were open shoes with only one strap around the ankle and one across the toes, which made them look barely there.  The effect added to the amount of leg I was showing.

          “I knew you’d look stunning,” Catherine exclaimed when I had stepped out of the dressing room to show her how the dress looked on me.

          She had told me to take my shower before we left the house for my makeover so that I wouldn’t ruin my hair or makeup later.  After my appointments with the stylist and the makeup artist, she had taken me shopping, claiming that the things we had bought last weekend wouldn’t do for this party.

          “You want to get this guy’s attention, right?”

          “Right,” I had agreed, imagining the look on Cade’s face when he saw me.

          I was riding high on feeling pretty.  It was something that I hadn’t experienced in a long time.  I hadn’t thought about my looks at all since Lucas broke up with me, so it was fun to feel like a supermodel.  It was all due to the magic of makeup, of course, but I could enjoy being Cinderella for one night.  Too bad I didn’t have a prince charming to enchant.

          I had decided that the best way for Jenna to arrive at the party was with Catherine and me, so we stopped to pick her up on the way home.  I was very surprised when I saw her.  Although she was also wearing a mini dress, she looked positively demure compared to me.  She had chosen an understated navy blue color and was showing no cleavage.  She was also wearing minimal makeup.  Her entire look was simple and plain, and it wasn’t at all what I had expected from her if she was trying to win back Cade.

          “Hi,” I said.  “You look nice.”

          She took in my altered appearance.  “You look hot.  Who’s the lucky guy?”

          “Why does there have to be a guy?” I demurred.  “Can’t I just want to look good?”

          “Who’s going to be at this party?” she questioned.

          “You, me, Cade’s friends,” I replied.  “Some of the neighbors too.”

          “Ah,” she said, “trying to impress your new neighbors.  I get it.”

          I hadn’t put any thought into that at all, but I let her think that was the reason.  “Have you met Cade’s mom?” I asked.

           “No,” she answered.  “I don’t think she’s come back here since she got divorced from his dad.  Cade always goes to visit her.”

         “She’s really nice,” I told her as we walked toward my car where Catherine was waiting for us.

          I introduced Jenna to her, and I drove them to the house.  We entered it through the garage, so Cade didn’t see us right away.  Catherine had agreed to Jenna sleeping over tonight.  She only knew that Jenna was my friend, and I was happy that Cade wouldn’t be able to contradict me without causing a scene.

         If I had thought that he ever had any real feelings for Jenna, I would have respected his wishes not to bring his ex over.  But I knew how selfish and unfeeling he was, so I wasn’t worried that she had broken his heart.  He had banished her just because he could, but I was undermining him tonight.  For once, he was not going to get his way.

         His gaze fixed on me first when we walked into the living room where he was seated on the couch.  He lifted his eyes from his phone at our entrance, and he stared at me.

          In that moment, I forgot myself and stared back at him.  I hadn’t seen him in anything but basketball shorts since the wedding.  He was still wearing a t-shirt now, but he had paired it with dark grey dress pants.  The black t-shirt suited his dark eyes and dark brown hair, and it was more fitted to his body than his other t-shirts.  It emphasized his fit physique, and I was momentarily distracted by the sight of him.

          “Isn’t she gorgeous?” Catherine enquired in delight, her voice breaking the silent spell I’d been under.

           Cade didn’t reply as he continued to stare at me.  He made eye contact with me, and his expression became calculating as he studied me.  He was trying to read me, but I kept my expression neutral.  I had been prepared for this, and I didn’t want him to guess my motives.  Let him wonder why I had gotten this makeover for this party.

          “Do you know Lexie’s friend, Jenna?” Catherine asked.

          Cade’s gaze shifted from me to Jenna, and he scowled when he saw her.  He directed his displeasure at me with a hard look before he glanced at his mom.  “I know her,” he clipped out.

          Catherine’s tone was uncertain.  “Uh, well, have a seat girls.  I’ll go check on things in the kitchen.”

          She was having Lauren make appetizers for the party, and there would also be waiters circulating with nonalcoholic drinks.  Catherine had promised Cade that she would stay in her room for the duration of the party, but having servers there was probably her way of keeping us all in line.  The catering staff were all adults who would summon her if there was a problem.

          I was actually relieved to know that this party would be tame.  It would be a safe way to step out of my comfort zone and mingle with people I didn’t know.  Although the change in my appearance hadn’t been undertaken for the purpose of impressing my new neighbors, it wouldn’t hurt to make a good impression on them.  Cade’s comments about my mom still rankled me, and I didn’t want anyone else thinking that we were beneath them.

          Some of the neighbors had been invited to the wedding, but they would have more opportunity to judge me at this smaller gathering.  I was aware that whatever impression I made on them now would reflect back on my mother.  People tended to think like mother like daughter and vice versa.  If they thought that I was trash, then they’d think that my mother was trash too.  I wasn’t going to let that happen.  If she really was going to spend her time attending charity luncheons, I didn’t want these people shunning her.  I would try to make friends with their daughters for her sake.

          Two neighborhood girls were the first ones to arrive at the party.  They might have been at the wedding, but there had been so many people that I couldn’t remember them specifically from the blur of faces.  The two blondes looked like sisters, and that was proven to be correct when Cade introduced them to me.  Their names were Taylor and Morgan Stewart, and I was relieved to see that I had gotten the look right for this party.  They were also wearing mini dresses and had hair and makeup that could easily grace the cover of a magazine.

          I seemed to meet their approval, because they didn’t act snobby toward me.  Taylor appeared to be more interested in Cade anyway, and she made sure to find out if he had a girlfriend.

         “Cade,” she said in a flirty tone, “I thought you forgot about us.  You never visit us anymore, when we used to be such good friends.”

          I didn’t miss that innuendo, and I wondered what kind of benefits their friendship had included.

          Taylor’s blue eyes zeroed in on Jenna.  “Is she your girlfriend?”

          “No,” Cade replied in such a curt tone that both sisters stared at him with startled expressions.

          “This is my friend, Jenna,” I said as I moved closer to her for moral support.

          Cade hadn’t spoken a word to her, and he had ignored her during the introductions.  She had to be feeling the sting of his rejection, and I was trying to make her feel as welcome as I could.  “She goes to school with us,” I added to make it clear that she was one of us and not the intruder Cade’s attitude conveyed she was.

          “Your dad’s still making you go to public school?” Taylor questioned Cade in amusement.

          Morgan frowned at her sister before smiling at Jenna.  “It’s nice to meet you, Jenna.  Are you in the same grade as Cade and Lexie?”

           “It’s nice to meet you too,” Jenna replied.  “Yes, I’m in the same grade with them.”
          “You’re lucky,” Morgan remarked.  “You guys will all be out of school a year before me.  I hate school!”

          “No you don’t,” Taylor contradicted her.  “You’re just saying that to be dramatic.  It’s her age,” she explained to us like she was so much older than her sister.  “Sixteen, plus being the baby of the family.”

          “Oh, stop acting like you’re so much more mature than me,” Morgan exclaimed.  “You almost broke your tailbone trying to imitate that scene from Risky Business, and that was only a month ago.”

          Cade laughed as Taylor glared at her sister.  “She’s lying,” she declared, “that was her.”

          “It was not!” Morgan retorted in outrage.  “You had Martha wax the floor so you could slide across—“

          The doorbell interrupted their bickering, and Cade went to answer it.  Another neighbor had arrived, a guy named Brandon.  Just as Cade introduced him to me, the doorbell rang again.  More people continued to arrive in shorter intervals, including people I recognized from school.

          Cade had a smirk on his face when he introduced me to his friend, Tyler and his girlfriend, Caitlin.  It was the guy I had claimed to have a crush on, and I was dismayed to realize that he was the same guy who’d been with Cade when Skylar had spoken to him on the first day of school.  He’d been ogling Skylar the entire time she had been talking with Cade.  The jerk had a girlfriend, but he had been looking at Skylar’s body like he was trying to see through her clothes.

          The memory made it hard not to show my dislike of him, and I focused my attention on his girlfriend.  She seemed to be nice, but Cade immediately ruined her impression of me.

          “Lexie had a little crush on you,” he told Tyler, “but that was before she knew that you have a girlfriend.”

           Caitlin’s friendly expression tightened, and I wanted to smack Cade.  Denying it would only make me look like I was trying to save face.  I was grateful for one of the waiters walking up to offer us beverages right then.  I took a sip of Ginger Ale and hoped that somebody would change the subject.

          “That was a while ago,” Cade continued.  “I think you’ve been replaced, because she hasn’t mentioned you at all lately.  She got into it with her best friend over a guy, but she won’t tell me who it is.  He must be something if he’s got two girls fighting over him.”

          I could now feel the weight of Jenna’s stare, and my desire to hit Cade had gotten more intense.  The conceited jerk had found a way secretly inflate his massive ego even more, and he was smugly rubbing it in and undermining my plans to take him down a peg or two.  Nothing was turning out the way I had planned.

          “You don’t have to fight over me,” Brandon quipped, lightening the mood and making everybody laugh.

          I smiled at him, and he winked at me.  “Tell me about yourself, Lexie,” he urged.  “Do you like Italian food?  Sharing dessert?  Goodnight kisses?”
          I laughed in response to his flirting and saw an opportunity to shake off Cade’s unflattering comments about my love life.  “I like all those things.”

          “She doesn’t like sharing,” Cade interjected flatly.  “She’s an only child.”

          “My lady shall have her own dessert,” Brandon said with a flourish.  “What say you fair maiden?  Shall we dine next Friday night?”

          Since Caitlin was watching me, my answer had a lot to do with easing her suspicions that I was after her boyfriend.  “Why yes, kind sir,” I hammed it up.  “I would be delighted to dine with you.”

          “Hey, no fair,” a guy complained as he joined our group.  “I haven’t even talked to her yet.”

          “You snooze you lose,” Brandon told him.  “She wouldn’t want your ugly ass anyway,” he said with a grin.

          He clearly knew the ridiculousness of those joking words, because the guy he was speaking to was one of the most gorgeous guys I had ever seen.  His blue eyes were so vivid that it was hard to look away from them.  His beautiful face was the kind that should be on a movie screen where everyone could see it.  He was almost too impossibly good-looking to be real.

          “Hi, Logan,” Taylor said in the flirty tone she had been using with Cade.  “I didn’t know you would be here.  When did you get back?”

          “Hello, Taylor,” he acknowledged her coolly without answering her question.  “Morgan,” he said in a much warmer tone, “I think you’ve gotten even more beautiful while I was gone.  When are you gonna marry me?”

          Morgan blushed.  “Hi, Logan,” she responded shyly.  “Uh, this is Cade’s new sister, Lexie.”

          “Stepsister,” Cade and I both said at the same time.

        Logan’s eyebrows lifted before his mouth quirked into an amused smile.  “Nice to meet you, Lexie the stepsister.  I’m Logan Cade, otherwise known as the superior Cade.”

          “Is your last name really Cade?” I questioned, wondering if he was playing a joke on me. 

          “It is,” Morgan confirmed, gazing at him with such adoration that I knew she had written Morgan Cade as she fantasized about marrying him.   

          It was also obvious to me that he didn’t take her crush on him seriously.  His flirting with her wasn’t real, but he apparently felt a friendly affection for her.  It spurred her hope, however, for a romantic relationship with him.  

          He snagged one of the canapes off a tray and popped it in his mouth.  “Love these,” he mumbled.

          Morgan grabbed one too, but Taylor spoke in exasperation before she could bite into it.  “What are you doing?  You hate shrimp.”
          “I do not,” Morgan argued.

          “Then why do you always refuse to eat them?” Taylor challenged.

           “I’m eating them now,” Morgan retorted and took a bite.

            She valiantly kept her expression neutral as she chewed.  I felt bad for her for being put on the spot and feeling like she couldn’t back down in front of her crush.  Her sister shouldn’t have drawn attention to her like that.  Now Morgan literally had to swallow down her aversion to shrimp so she wouldn’t look foolish for taking food she disliked just because Logan liked it.

          “Good,” she mumbled and quickly took a sip of her beverage to wash down the taste.

          “If it’s so good, aren’t you going to eat the rest of it?” Taylor asked mockingly.

          Morgan bit the bullet and shoved the rest of it into her mouth.  She put a thumb up for Logan’s benefit, but she took a big gulp of her drink afterwards.

          “Logan,” Taylor said in a syrupy sweet voice, “you should take Morgan skiing sometime.  She loves skiing.  You guys have so much in common.”

          Morgan was glaring at Taylor, but her expression changed when Logan spoke.  “Sure,” he said, “we’ll go this winter.”

          “I’d love that,” Morgan responded enthusiastically.

          “Yeah,” Taylor agreed.  “She’d love that.  Her favorite part is being up high on the lift.”

          I could see that this was another dig at her sister, so I shifted the pressure off of Morgan.  “I’ve never been skiing,” I announced.

          “I can teach you,” Logan offered.

          My intention hadn’t been to fish for an invite from him, and I didn’t want Morgan to think that I was interested in her crush.  “Thanks, but Cade said he’d teach me.”

          I took a gamble saying that, but Cade didn’t contradict me.  “Yeah,” he told Logan, “and you’d be bored on the kiddie slope anyway after skiing the Alps.”

          Logan looked surprised.  “How’d you know I went skiing in the Alps?”

          “Facebook,” Cade replied.

          “I didn’t know you still kept up with me,” Logan said.  “Your invite to this party was the first I’ve heard from you since you transferred schools.”  

          “I keep up with all of you,” Cade stated.  “It wasn’t my choice to drop you as friends.”

          “What do you mean?” Brandon questioned.  “We didn’t drop you.”

          “My dad made me do it,” Cade told him.  “It was the only way I could stop him from sending me to military school.”

          “What?” Taylor exclaimed.  “Is that why you broke up with me?”

          “Yes,” Cade answered.

          “I thought it was because…” she trailed off and dropped her gaze to the floor.  “But why?” she demanded as she glanced up again.  “I thought your dad liked me.”

          “It wasn’t you,” Cade said.  “I did something, and my dad decided to take everything away from me.”

          “That’s so unfair!” Taylor complained.

          “What’d you do?” Tyler asked curiously.

          With the distraction of all of Cade’s other friends, I had forgotten about my faux crush.  Cade apparently hadn’t shared his call girl story with him, and none of his old friends seemed to know about it either.  I wondered why he had told me if he hadn’t told his friends.

          Logan stepped forward and spoke to Morgan.  “Are you feeling okay?”

          “Yes,” she replied.  “Why?”

          I looked at her and saw what had drawn his concern.  “Your face,” I said, just as she scratched at it.

          “What?” she asked worriedly.

          “Oh my God!” Taylor exclaimed as she moved closer to see.  “You’ve got red blotches on your face.”

          Morgan was horrified as she looked to me for confirmation and saw me nodding.  She covered her cheeks with her hands but suddenly sneezed.  Two more sneezes followed in quick succession.

          “Is it allergies?” I questioned.  

          “Yeah,” Jenna agreed.  “Those look like hives.”

          “I only have spring allergies,” Morgan said, “just while the trees are blooming.”  

          She sneezed again, and I remembered something that worried me.  “The shrimp!  Are you allergic to shellfish?”

          “No,” Taylor answered for her, “she just doesn’t like them.”

          “She might have become allergic to them,” I said.  “It happened to a lady my mom worked with.”  I didn’t add that the woman had nearly died from it.  “Maybe you should go to the hospital to make sure,” I suggested.

          “The hospital,” Taylor repeated in a tone that conveyed how ridiculous she thought that idea was.  “She can just take some Benadryl.  Do you have any, Cade?”

          Before he could respond, a panicked expression overtook Morgan’s face, and she sprinted away from us.  Logan and I followed her, but he was faster and caught up to her just as she came to a sudden stop and bent down to vomit on the floor.  Some of it splattered on his shoes, but his face showed none of the disgust that was probably evident on mine as I grimaced.

          “Eww,” Taylor voiced from behind me.

          Morgan stopped retching and wiped her mouth with the back of her hand as she straightened up.

          “Call an ambulance,” Logan said tersely as he glanced in my direction.

          I hesitated.  “Maybe she’ll feel better now.”

          “The hives are worse and her lips are swelling,” he said with a fierce glare at me.  “Call an ambulance now!”

          “I’ve got it,” Cade said as he came up beside me with his phone in his hand.

          Taylor hurried past us as Logan lifted Morgan into his arms and started carrying her away.  “Morgan,” she yelled, sounding upset now.  “Oh my God!  Is she okay?”

          “Help me splash some water on her face,” Logan told her as she caught up to him.

          As Cade spoke to the emergency operator, I ran upstairs and shouted for Catherine.  She came out of her room, and I filled her in on what was happening with Morgan as I tore into the master bedroom and searched the master bathroom for Benadryl.

         I couldn’t find any, so Catherine and I went downstairs to check on Morgan.  Her lips were noticeably swollen, but she seemed to be breathing okay.  She looked miserable, though, and Taylor looked scared as she hovered beside the couch where Morgan laid with a wet washcloth on her forehead.  Everyone else watched her anxiously.

          Cade kept pacing to the front door to look for the arrival of the ambulance.  He returned first with Morgan and Taylor’s parents, and then with the paramedics after several more trips back and forth.  Relief washed over me once the medics took over, but Cade stood rigidly watching them.

          Morgan’s mom went in the ambulance with her, and her dad was driving there with her sister.  The rest of us wandered back into the living room after the ambulance pulled away.  As people began to talk about what had happened, I saw Cade slip away, and I followed him.  He went into a room that looked like an office combined with a living room.  It had a big desk, some easy chairs, and a fireplace.  There were shelves and cabinets lining the wall behind the desk.
          Cade opened one cabinet and pulled out a bottle of liquor and a shot glass.  “Want one?” he asked me as he looked up from the bottle in his hand.

          “No,” I replied.  “You should get back before your mom catches you.”

          He set the glass down on the desk before taking the cap off the bottle.  I stepped further into the room as he poured himself a shot.  He downed it and poured another one.

          “Why are you getting drunk here by yourself?” I questioned him.  

          “Pour me one too,” Catherine said.

          I turned around to see her standing in the doorway.  She stepped inside and walked to the desk where Cade had set out another shot glass.  He filled it for her, and she picked it up.  Cade took his, and they looked at each other before downing them simultaneously.  The doorbell rang as they set them down.

          “Will you please get that, Lexie?” Catherine requested.

          “Uh, yeah sure,” I responded.

          I left that strange scene and went to open the door to more of Cade’s friends from school.  There was a group of them, some of whom I knew were cheerleaders, and others were guys I assumed played sports.  I felt uncomfortable greeting them without Cade, but they had no problem entering his house.

          “Let’s get this party started!” one of the guys shouted.

          The rest of them whooped and barreled past me.  The girls giggled and glanced around at their surroundings as they followed them.  I walked more slowly behind them, hoping that Catherine would resume her role as chaperone and keep things from getting out of control. 
















Chapter 20



          To my relief, Cade rejoined the party just after the arrival of the latest guests.  They were disappointed when he told them there was no alcohol.  “My mom’s here,” he said apologetically.

          She didn’t make another appearance at the party, but I wasn’t sure if she had gone back upstairs or had remained in the room where she and Cade were drinking.  He distracted his guests by leading them into a game room I hadn’t known existed, and they forgot all about their desire for alcohol.

         There was a foosball table, air hockey table, pool table, and most impressively, video arcade game machines along all four walls of the room.  It was like being in a real arcade, except you didn’t need tokens to play the games.  The guys quickly scattered toward the game machines.  The girls stood beside them for a while, but then they declared that they were going to play pool.

          This was apparently a strategy for gaining the attention of the guys, because they bent over provocatively in their short dresses and skirts while taking an exaggeratedly long time to make their shots.  The neighborhood guys were the ones who gravitated toward the pool table while the girls played.

         “Do you want to play?” Brandon asked me.

         “I don’t know how,” I replied.

          “I’ll teach you,” he offered.

          I looked at Jenna, who was standing beside me.  I had sought her out after realizing that I had abandoned her when I followed Cade earlier.  “Do you want to play pool?” I asked her.

          “No,” she answered.  “You go ahead.”

          I didn’t want to leave her by herself again, but she insisted when I tried to decline Brandon’s invitation.  “I’m going to go talk to someone,” she told me.

          I assumed that she meant Cade, so I went to play pool with Brandon.  It turned out to be an excuse for him to touch me.  I bent only slightly as I lined up the cue stick, but I suddenly felt his body behind me as he grabbed my arms to adjust my position.

          He started to tell me about the angle, but Cade cut him off as he yelled for him to get off me and pulled him away.  I spun around to see a startled expression on Brandon’s face and a furious one on Cade’s face.

          “I was just teaching her to play pool,” Brandon explained as he recovered.

          “I know what you were doing,” Cade retorted angrily.  “Don’t touch her,” he commanded in a hard tone.

          “Why not?” Jenna enquired as she approached him.  “Oh, because she’s your sister.  You’re just being a protective brother, right?” she questioned in a derisive tone.

          He just glared at her before turning away, but she darted in front of him.  “Say it,” she demanded.  “Say that she’s your sister.”

          “Get out of my face,” he said in a menacing tone.

          Jenna was undeterred.  “Why won’t you say that she’s your sister?  Is it because you want—“

          “My sister is dead,” he interrupted her with barely contained fury.  “Someone else could have died today too, so stop with your stupid jealousy.”

          “I’m not the one who just went into a jealous rage,” she retorted.  “That was you, and it was over your new sister—excuse me, stepsister, but sister is still in the word, Cade, whether you like it or not.  So this thing you have going with her is wrong.”

          “There is nothing going on with us,” I denied in dismay.

          “You don’t get to judge me,” he told her.  “Why are you even here?  How many times do I have to tell you that it’s over?  There’s nothing you can do to change that.”

          “You’re not even going to deny it,” she pointed out to my mortification.  “You’re screwing your own sister.”

          He was in her face in an instant.  “Don’t you ever call her that again,” he warned.  “Get the fuck out of my house and don’t ever come back.”

          Jenna had a twisted smile on her face as she stepped back from him.  “What a mess you’re in now,” she commented gleefully.  “You won’t be able to kick her out after you’re done with her.”

          She turned her attention to me.  “Will you give me a ride home, Lexie?”

          Everyone was staring at me as I silently left with Jenna.  She had just destroyed my reputation, but I was grateful to escape with her.

          We didn’t speak as we walked to the garage and got in my car.  “I thought we were friends,” I said in a hurt voice when we pulled away from the house.  “Why did you say all that stuff?”

          “Why would you pretend to be my friend if you wanted Cade for yourself?” she countered.  “You knew that I want to get back together with him.”

          “I want you to get back together with him too,” I insisted.  “There is nothing going on between him and me.”

          “Really?” she questioned.  “Then why’d you go after him as soon as he walked out of the room?”

          Now that she had brought it up, I wondered that myself.  “I was just curious about where he was going.” I replied.  “He seemed upset.”

          “And you wanted to comfort him,” she stated acidly.

          “No!” I exclaimed.  “I just saw where he went.  His mom was there too.”

          “But his mom isn’t with you every minute,” Jenna retorted.  “It’s a big house, and there are lots of places where you can be alone.”

          “I’m not sleeping with him,” I said in exasperation.

          “Maybe not yet,” she acknowledged, “but something happened.  He said you lost your best friend over a guy, and I know he was that guy.”

          “He kissed me,” I admitted, “but that’s never going to happen again.”

          “Sure,” she agreed sarcastically.

          “It’s not,” I insisted.

          “I’m not sure if you’re lying to me or to yourself,” she remarked.

          “I’m not lying,” I said.  “Please believe me.  I already lost one friend because of Cade.  I don’t want to lose you too.”

          “Maybe you really mean that,” she relented and spoke in a nicer tone, “but you won’t be able to resist kissing him again.”

          I rolled my eyes.  “Not you too.  It’s bad enough hearing that crap from him.”

         She laughed.  “He is conceited, but you have to admit he’s got reason to be.  The boy is hot!”

         “He’s not the only hot guy at school,” I scoffed.

          She pounced on that.  “So you admit you think he’s hot.”

         “So what?” I challenged.  “That doesn’t mean I’m going to sleep with him.”

         “Maybe not,” she allowed in a more serious tone, “but he sure wants you, and he doesn’t want me.  I thought that if he could just forgive me…”  She trailed off and shook her head.  “It’s never going to happen,” she added despondently.

          “I don’t know what happened,” I began, “but if he won’t—“

          “I had an abortion,” she cut in abruptly.

         I looked at her in shock but had to return my stunned gaze to the road.
        “When I told him I was pregnant, he accused me of trying to trap him,” she explained.  “He called me a gold-digger and said he would never marry me.  So I had an abortion to prove to him that he was wrong, but he went ballistic when I told him.”

          “He said I had no right to make that decision without him,” she continued.  “I thought it was what he wanted, but now he hates me,” she finished brokenly.

          I didn’t know how to comfort her, because it was obvious that Cade hated her.  I felt so bad for her and so pissed at Cade for how he had reacted to the news of her pregnancy.  He was blaming her for everything, but he was the one who had gotten her pregnant in the first place.

         I had planned not to return to the house until the party was over, but my embarrassment had been replaced by anger.  Cade was at fault for everything, and I was going to tell him that.  

































Chapter 21



          My anger propelled me back into the house, and I ignored the stares I received as I marched directly up to Cade.  “You’re an asshole,” I declared.

          “I could have told you that,” Brandon remarked in amusement.

          Cade and I both ignored him as we glared at each other.  “And you’re so considerate of other people,” he commented sarcastically.  “How would you feel if I invited your ex to this party?  Or maybe you don’t even have one, and that’s why you’re so naïve about dating and breaking up.  You expect everyone to smile and be friends like nothing happened.”

          “I have an ex,” I told him, “but it’s a different situation because the break up wasn’t my fault.  You broke up with Jenna, and you broke up with the other girl too,” I added as I remembered his callousness.  “You didn’t even call her to tell her you were breaking up with her, and don’t tell me your dad wouldn’t let you talk to her one more time to end it.  You just didn’t bother, because you don’t think of anyone but yourself.”

          “I see how much you think about other people,” he retorted.  “You haven’t even asked if Morgan is okay.  You’re too busy bitching at me about my ex-girlfriends to care that Morgan almost died.”

          I had forgotten about Morgan when I became distracted by all the drama after she left for the hospital, and my shame made me lash out at him.  “She didn’t almost die.  She was breathing okay, so I knew she would be fine.  But, as usual, you took advantage of the situation.  It gave you an excuse to drink, and your mom was too shaken up to stop you.”

          I knew that what I was saying wasn’t true and that Cade had been genuinely concerned about Morgan, but I wanted to fling his criticism of me back at him.  He was so heartless and selfish all the time that I didn’t want to dwell on my confusing glimpse of him being anxious and upset over the wellbeing of another person.  It didn’t fit with the rest of his behavior, and it wasn’t going to fool me into softening toward him.

          “You’ve got booze?” Tyler exclaimed.  “Why you holding out on us, bro?”

          Cade scowled at me before answering him in an apologetic tone.  “It’s my dad’s, and I can’t piss him off again.  I just got back my party privileges, so I have to prove to him that he can trust me.  You know what I’m saying?” he added conspiratorially.

          Tyler grinned.  “Yeah, make him think he can trust you, and then do what you want.  I get it.”

         My disapproving glare was now directed at Tyler as I suspected that he had just stated his philosophy regarding his girlfriend too.  He got her to trust him, but he was probably cheating on her behind her back.  The way he looked at other girls when she wasn’t around was enough to make me assume that he was a cheater, and I hated seeing her clinging to him.  He didn’t deserve her, and I wished that she would wise up and dump him.

          I spun away from them and walked out of the game room in annoyance and disgust.  I didn’t realize that Brandon had followed me until he spoke.  “You’re not leaving again, are you?” he questioned as he came up beside me.

          I tempered my attitude, because he seemed to be a nice guy.  “I’m tired,” I replied.  “I’m going to bed.”

          “Is that an invitation?” he asked in a joking manner.  “I’m very tired too, my lady.  At the point of exhaustion, really.  Could you take pity on this weary traveler and let him rest in your bed?”

          “No,” I heard Cade say, and I turned to see him behind us.  “She’ll never let you into her bed, so don’t even bother trying.”

          I bristled at his interference.  “I can speak for myself.”

          “Go ahead,” Cade urged.  “Tell him you’re not going to have sex with him.”

          I had no intention of having sex with Brandon, but I was irritated that Cade was telling me what to do.  “Maybe I want to have sex with him,” I said.  “It’s none of your business anyway.”

          “You don’t want him,” Cade stated confidently.  “You’re just going out with him to make my mom believe your story about liking one of my friends.”

          “That’s not true,” I insisted.  “I like him.  He’s nice.”

          “Yeah,” Brandon agreed playfully, “I’m nice.”

          Cade fixed a hard gaze on him.  “Don’t make me tell her about you.”

          Brandon lost his amiable expression.  “Don’t make me tell her about you,” he retorted.

          “She already knows,” Cade replied.

           “Really?” Brandon scoffed.  “She knows all your dirty secrets?”  

          “Yes,” Cade answered.  “I told her, and I told her that I had a friend who taught me how to party.  Guess who that friend was, Lexie,” he said as he shifted his gaze from Brandon to me.  “Don’t fall for his nice guy act, because he just wants what you have under that dress.”

          “You don’t know me,” Brandon told him angrily.  “I was fifteen the last time you talked to me, so don’t assume you know shit about me anymore.  I came here for old times’ sake because we were good friends once, but it looks like you’ve become a real asshole.”

          He turned his attention to me.  “I hope you’ll give me a chance, Lexie, and decide for yourself if you like me or not.  I’ll be here at six-thirty next Friday to pick you up for our date.”  He bowed slightly.  “Until then, my lady.”  

          After he began to walk away, I turned to continue my interrupted trek to my room.  When Cade fell into step beside me, I halted again.  “Get away from me,” I demanded.

           He moved closer to me.  “I like how you sexed yourself up for me, but you didn’t have to.”

          “I didn’t do it for you,” I retorted.  “I did it so that I could pick up one of your rich friends.  You know how we gold-diggers are.”

          He scowled at me in annoyance.  “Okay, drop it already.”

          “Why should I?  You don’t,” I goaded him.  “I’m such a gold-digger that I even have a plan to get pregnant just so that I can trap—“

             “Stop!” he yelled so vehemently and sprang at me so quickly that I flinched as I abruptly stopped speaking.

          He was in my face, but the threat of violence dissipated as his expression became remorseful and he backed up a step.  “Do you want me to say it was my fault?  That I shouldn’t have called her those names?”

          “You shouldn’t have,” I agreed in a firm but subdued tone.

          “So it was okay for her to kill the baby just to spite me?” he rallied in anger.

          “You’re an idiot,” I told him with my own spark of anger.  “She was trying to prove to you that she’s not what you called her.  She wasn’t trying to trap you.  You’re the one who got her pregnant, but you put all the blame on her.”

          “She lied to me that she was on birth control,” he said.  “I know that—“

          “You don’t know anything,” I interrupted him in exasperation.  “You just assume that women are always after your money, just like you thought that my mom was after your dad’s money.”

          “She hasn’t proven that she’s not,” he declared.  “The honeymoon’s not over yet.”

          “Whatever,” I said.  “I’m tired of arguing with you.  Think whatever you want.”  I turned to go upstairs.

            “Come back to the party,” he urged.  “You’re the reason I’m even having this damned party.”

           I stopped and faced him yet again.  “They’re your friends.  You kicked out my friend, so…”

         “Please,” he pleaded, shocking me with the word I never thought I’d hear coming out of his mouth.  “Let’s just forget everything that happened tonight and pretend like we’re having fun.”

          “Pretending to have fun is not actually having fun,” I told him in a softer tone despite myself.

          “You can sort of fool yourself if you pretend enough,” he replied.  “Please,” he repeated.  “I can’t pretend by myself tonight.”

          “Why not?” I asked.

          “It’s just…been a bad night,” he answered with a heavy expression.  “Please, Lexie.  Come back with me.”

          His unexpected display of vulnerability broke my resolve.  “Everyone thinks I’m sleeping with you,” I complained, but it was obvious that I was wavering about going back to the party with him.

          “Whatever,” he responded playfully with my words.  “Let them think whatever they want.”

          His brief smile lacked any real humor, though, and he almost seemed depressed.  “We need music,” he declared suddenly.  “What kind of party doesn’t have music?  You should have thought of that, Lexie.  It’s your damned party.”

          He spun and strode away, and I trailed after him in curiosity about his strange mood.  I followed him into the room where we had watched a movie last weekend.  Cade slid open a panel on the wall to reveal a stereo system.  He pressed some buttons, and a Nicki Minaj song started playing.

          “Courtney would probably love this crap,” he commented before he turned the music up to blaring.

          “I can’t hear myself think,” I protested.

          “That’s the point,” he shouted back.

         I escaped into the hallway, but the sound was just as loud when we got to the game room, so the sound system must have been wired to it.  Cade motioned to the pool table, but I spotted a ski ball machine I hadn’t noticed before and hurried toward it excitedly.  “I love these!” I exclaimed like a little kid.

         I started to reach down for a ball, but Cade grabbed it and handed it to me.  He stood ready to hand me the next one every time I threw one.  I wondered why he was being so solicitous, but I got caught up in trying to get a high score.  He was actually smiling like he was having fun too.

          Catherine had a wry smile on her face when she made an appearance.  “Everything alright?” she yelled.

          “Yeah,” Cade replied.

          “Turn it down,” she demanded.  

          He gave her an annoyed look, but he went to comply.  The pounding music was lowered to a tolerable level, and we no longer had to shout to be heard.  “The neighbors couldn’t hear it,” Cade grumbled when he returned.

          “You wouldn’t be able to hear it soon either,” Catherine retorted.  “You’d all go deaf.”

          “It was too loud,” I agreed.

          “Uh, we’re gonna go,” Tyler’s girlfriend said as she and Tyler approached us.  “Thanks for inviting us.”

          “Yeah, enjoy the rest of your evening,” Cade replied with a smirk.

          While his girlfriend was focused on speaking to Cade, Tyler had taken the opportunity to look me up and down one more time.  “You too,” he said with his own smirk.

           Catherine’s presence seemed to prompt the other guests to leave too, and we ended up at the front door with them.  Logan was the last one to leave.  “Morgan is home,” he told us.  “She’s fine, but she’s not allowed to eat shellfish anymore.”

          “We should go visit her tomorrow,” Cade declared.

          Logan seemed just as surprised as I was.  “Yeah, I was planning on it.”

          “Good,” Cade said.  “We’ll go too.”

          A look of understanding came upon Logan’s face.  “Morgan’s fine,” he repeated.

          “Yeah,” Cade agreed.  “Yeah, I know.”

          “It was nice to meet you, Lexie,” Logan told me.  “I live right down the street, so don’t be a stranger.  Whenever Cade starts getting on your nerves, just come on over.”

          I laughed.  “Be careful.  I might be over a lot.”

          Logan grinned.  “Every five minutes, probably.  You might as well just move in.”

          “Very funny,” Cade snarked.  “Did I tell you how much I missed you, Logan?  No?  That’s because I didn’t.”

          “Same here, bro,” Logan retorted in a joking manner.  “But your lovely stepsister here.  I’m already missing her, and I haven’t even left yet.”

            “You better go then so you can miss her for real,” Cade responded in a much sharper tone.

           Logan smiled his movie star smile.  “It was a pleasure to see you again too, Mrs. Stov—uh, Catherine.”

           “It was a pleasure to see you too, Logan,” she replied.  “You’ve all grown up so much that I hardly recognized you.”

          “You look just as beautiful as ever,” he told her.
          She smiled at him.  “Oh, you always were such a charmer.”

          “Or a bullshitter,” Cade remarked in a surly tone.

         “Cade!” I admonished him in dismay.  “Your mom is very beautiful.”

          “I know,” he acknowledged, “but I don’t know why Logan’s taking forever to leave.  You should have picked up a girl before everyone else left.  Stop hitting on my mom and Lexie.”

          “Cade!” Catherine exclaimed in shock.

          “Well, you’re even more charming than I remembered,” Logan commented drily.  “Goodnight ladies.”

          Cade shut the door behind him and turned to speak to his mom.  “Thank God you showed up when you did.  I thought Tyler was gonna do his girlfriend right on the pool table.”

          His comment startled her out of glaring at him, and her flustered gaze flew toward me.  “I didn’t see anything,” I told her.  “I was playing ski ball.”

          “His hand was under—“

          “I don’t want to hear it!” Catherine cut him off in a shrill tone.  She struggled to compose herself and directed her attention to me.  “Did you talk to the boy you like?”

          “She has a date with Brandon,” Cade informed her flatly.

         She brightened.  “You see?  I told you it would work out.”

         “Yeah,” I agreed, forcing a smile.  “Thanks for helping me.”

         “You’re welcome,” she replied.  “Goodnight, kids.  I’m beat.”

          “Goodnight,” we echoed.

         She walked away, and I was planning to follow her.  Cade spoke just as I opened my mouth to say something to him in parting.  “Go change into your comfortable clothes and come back down.  We can watch a movie.  You pick,” he added.  

          “I’m tired,” I said, but I really wasn’t.

          “It’s the weekend,” he protested.  “It’s too early to go to bed.”

          That was an opening for him to add an innuendo about going to bed with him, but he didn’t.  Wondering what he was up to, I agreed to watch the movie with him.  I went upstairs and changed into the old sweatpants and t-shirt that he hated.  A ghost of a smile flitted across his lips when he saw me, but he didn’t remark on my outfit.

          “What are we watching?” he asked.

          I had thought about what movie I could torture him with.  “Pride and Prejudice,” I answered, thinking how perfectly that described his faults. 

          He didn’t even blink at my choice, and he soon had it playing on the TV.  I tried to ignore his presence beside me on the couch and get caught up in the movie, but his expensive cologne smelled really good, and I was too aware of being alone with him.

          All the servants and guests had left, and Catherine was all the way upstairs.  There was nothing suggestive in this proper period movie in which people spoke so formally to each other and kept all their clothes on.  Cade would probably be bored enough to fall asleep.

          “It was a hot day,” Cade said.  “We were in the pool.”

          I glanced at him to see him staring at the screen.

          “I got out to sneak a drink from Courtney’s can of cola, because I’d already drank mine and Mom said we could only have one a day,” he continued, still staring at the screen as he spoke.  “Courtney guessed what I was doing, and she got to it first.  She took a big gulp, and she screamed and dropped the can.”

          He paused as I silently stared at his profile with the dreadful knowledge that he was telling me about his sister’s death.

            “Mom came running over, but Courtney was just gasping and grabbing at her throat.  Mom carried her into the house screaming for help.  Someone called an ambulance, but Courtney had stopped breathing.  Her throat had swelled and closed up.  It all happened so fast.”

          “The cola did that?” I asked in confusion and shock.

          He shifted his gaze from the screen to look at me.  “A wasp had gotten inside the can, and it stung her in the throat when she swallowed it.  Nobody even knew that she was allergic.  She had never been stung before.”

          I gaped at him in horror while imagining swallowing a wasp.  Just seeing one creeped me out.  And to think of that happening to a child was awful beyond comprehension.  It was the kind of stuff nightmares were made of.  I swallowed thickly before finding my voice.  “That’s…I’m so sorry.”

          He retreated away from my sympathy as he turned his face back toward the screen.  “It might have flown away by the time she drank from it if I hadn’t gone for it right then.”

          “It wasn’t your fault,” I told him.  “It was a freak accident.”

          “My mom blamed me,” he said.

          “She did?” I questioned in disbelief.  “She actually said that?”

          “No,” he replied, “but she didn’t want to be around me anymore.  She spent all her time in Courtney’s room, but she didn’t let me stay in there with her.”

          “She was grieving,” I explained to him, “but that doesn’t mean that she was blaming you.”

          “Yeah,” he agreed half-heartedly.  “You’re right.”

          “I am right,” I insisted heatedly.  “It wasn’t your fault.  It wasn’t anybody’s fault.  It was just a freak accident that nobody could have predicted.”

          “Yeah,” he repeated, but he still didn’t sound convinced.

          We lapsed into silence and didn’t speak until the movie was over, and then we just said goodnight after walking upstairs together.  I guessed that Cade had just needed to talk about his sister after the scare with Morgan had stirred up his terrible memories of his sister’s death.

          It had affected my perception of him, although it still didn’t excuse his bad behavior.  I hated feeling any kind of sympathy for him.  It had been much easier just to hate him.

          There were too many revelations to sort out in my mind, and I was too weary to do that tonight.  I removed my makeup and reversed my transformation.  My sweatpants were so comfortable that I didn’t bother changing into pajamas before going to bed.

          Sleep came quickly, and I dreamed that I was Elizabeth at the ball dancing with Mr. Darcy, but he looked like Cade.   























Chapter 22



          The dreamy feeling lingered for a moment after I awoke, but I couldn’t hold onto it.  I wished that I could meet a real life Mr. Darcy, someone who had refinement and integrity.  Yeah he was a bit of a snob at first, but he held himself to high standards, and he was honest.  Guys like that probably didn’t exist anymore.

          I wondered if I should bother going on my date with Brandon next weekend.  He had seemed like a nice guy, but he was apparently the one who had told Cade about hiring call girls.  Cade’s dad had put a stop to it, but I wondered if Brandon still frequented prostitutes.  According to Cade’s story, Brandon’s own father had gifted him with a visit from a call girl for his birthday.

          That was so screwed up, yet Brandon seemed to be friendlier and more polite than Cade.  Maybe that was just on the surface, though, because I didn’t really know him.  Did I even want to get to know him?  He had asked me to give him a chance, but I wasn’t looking for a serious relationship anyway.  I had just thought that he would be a fun date, but I hadn’t been planning to go out with him again.  He had charmed me into accepting a date with him, and one date was harmless and would corroborate the story I had told to Catherine about having a crush on one of Cade’s friends.  He had also mentioned the date to her, and canceling it would require an explanation.

          Brandon’s fun personality had given me hope that we could become friends.  Now I wasn’t sure if I even wanted him as a friend if he was that similar to Cade.  That brought me back to Cade, and I didn’t know how to think of him anymore.  I kept remembering how he had spoken of his sister’s death.

          He remained uncharacteristically thoughtful by reminding me that we were going to visit Morgan today.  “We can walk there if you want,” he suggested.  “She lives on the next street over.”

          A walk did actually sound good.  Now that I had a car, I was driving everywhere and not getting much exercise.  I would be out of shape soon if I didn’t start moving more.  It was kind of ironic how people got lazy and drove everywhere instead of walking and then ended up needing to go to the gym.

          It was a warm, sunny fall day, and I took advantage of it by wearing shorts now that I had them.  I paired my new jean shorts with a pretty blue top.  Cade’s eyes lingered on me, and I felt more self-conscious than I had in my short dress the previous evening.  Maybe it was because I had been expecting his attention then.

          His mind was apparently on that too as we left the house to walk down his long driveway.  “You looked hot last night,” he told me, “but this look is more you.  Fresh and simple,” he added almost to himself.

          It looked like we had matched outfits on purpose, but it was completely coincidental that he was also wearing a dark blue shirt.  His was a button up, and he had paired it with jeans.  He looked hot.  There was just no way to avoid it with his body and his attractive face.

          I realized that he had noticed my perusal, and I quickly faced forward.

         “You still look sexy,” he said, pulling my gaze back toward him.

          His gaze was heated but not lewd, and that troubled me.  There was no cocky smirk on his face, only naked desire.  “What are you doing?” I questioned him even as my own desire for him flared.  “Why were you hanging out with me when I was playing ski ball last night?  Why were you being so nice to me?”

          We had both halted as we spoke, and he stepped closer to me.  “I picked up the balls for you, because I didn’t want you bending over in that short dress,” he told me.

          “Why?” I asked as my pulse sped up from his proximity.

          “Because,” he replied as he stepped even closer, “I don’t want other guys looking at you.”

          “Why?” I demanded desperately.  “Why are you acting like you’re my boyfriend?  You’re not my boyfriend, Cade.”

          “You’ve already admitted that you’re attracted to me, and I know you wore that dress for me,” he said.

          “Yes,” I agreed, “but that’s all physical.  You said yourself that it’s just sex, so why do you care if other guys look at me?”

          “I don’t like to share,” he answered as he leaned in for a kiss.

          I pulled back before he could close the small distance between us.  “That’s not true.  The call girls you were with had sex with other guys.”

          His eyebrows lifted in bewilderment.  “You’re not a call girl.”

          “No, but it’s the same thing if it’s just sex,” I reasoned.  

          “Lexie,” he admonished me in exasperation, “it’s not the same thing.”

          “How is it different?” I questioned.  “Except for the getting paid part, it’s exactly the same.”

          He appeared to be angry all of a sudden.  “You want me to treat you like a call girl?  Okay, come to my room tonight at midnight and take your clothes off.”

          “Not gonna happen,” I told him in a sassy tone, feeling like I was back on familiar ground with him.

          He responded with a wry laugh.  “You just wanted to make me say that so you could say no.”

          I turned away from him and resumed walking.  “Any girl would say no if you snap your fingers and tell her to take her clothes off.”

          “Not a call girl,” he replied.  “She does what you pay her to do.”

          I frowned at the thought of it.  “That’s awful.” 

          “What’s so awful about it?” he asked.

          “It would just be so embarrassing and…”  I shook my head as I tried to think of a word to describe the horrible feeling of stripping yourself naked for a stranger and having to do what he tells you.  “Horrible,” I said.  “Someone you don’t even know making you do who knows what.”  I shuddered as I imagined it.

          “It wasn’t like that,” he said.  “I wasn’t ordering them around.  They were the ones who knew what they were doing, and I didn’t,” he admitted.

          That didn’t sound quite as bad, but it was still strange to think about seducing someone I didn’t know.  “Oh, well it’s still so…”  I grimaced in distaste as I trailed off.

        “What?  You think it was horrible for them to have sex with me?” he demanded.  “You didn’t have a problem kissing me, and I know you want me, so don’t act like you think it was so awful for those call girls when they touched me.”

          It amused me that he had taken offense at my suggestion that sex with him had been a chore for the call girls he had hired.  “Why else would you need to pay them?” I taunted.  “You don’t have to pay people for having fun.”

          I glanced over at him to see him glaring at me, and I smirked at him.  It felt great to make a dent in his ego, and it was also a relief to be insulting him instead of wanting to comfort him.  I didn’t need to be confused about my feelings for him.






















Chapter 23



          Cade stewed in silence for the rest of our walk, which allowed me to enjoy myself in peace.  It really was a quiet neighborhood with very little traffic to disturb the tranquility.  Since the houses were set back from the road, all the usual noise of family living was probably muted by distance.  I imagined that children were playing outside in their yards, but they were too far from the sidewalk for me to be able to hear them.

          No one else was out on foot, and I had never experienced such a peaceful walk before—not even in the park.  It almost looked like a park with all the trees lining the road.  I decided that I was going to go walking around this neighborhood every chance I got from now on. 

          Morgan’s street looked much the same as Cade’s.  We walked down a long driveway to reach her house, which was also a mansion.  She opened the door as we were walking up to it, and I could see anxiety on her face before she smiled warmly at us.

          “Hi,” she greeted us.  “I got your message that you were coming over.  That’s so nice of you to worry about me, but I’m fine now.”

        She stepped back so we could enter, and her gaze strayed past us.  “Logan said he was coming over too.”

          “Yeah,” Cade replied.  “We talked about that last night.”

          “You talked about me?” Morgan asked anxiously.

          “About coming over to see you,” Cade clarified.

          “Oh,” she responded.  “Um, come sit down in the living room.  I’ll get you something to drink.”

          She led us into a spectacular living room with a wall of huge floor-to-ceiling picture windows overlooking the terrace and the pool.  I stood transfixed by the sight, only dimly aware that Morgan was bidding us to sit down.

          “It’s beautiful,” I said in awe.

          “What is?” Morgan questioned.

          I looked at her and gestured toward the windows.  “This, the room.  It’s amazing.”

          “Oh,” she said as she gazed around her without any of the appreciation I was feeling.  “Thanks.  I’ll get your drinks.  Is lemonade okay, or do you want pop?”

          “Lemonade is good,” I told her enthusiastically, anticipating the refreshing drink after our walk.

          “Yeah, that’s fine,” Cade agreed.
          “Okay, I’ll be right—“

          Morgan froze at the sound of the doorbell.  “He’s here,” she exclaimed with a panicked expression.  “Oh God, I’m so embarrassed!  I threw up all over his shoes.”

          “Only a little bit got on his shoes,” I informed her, but that didn’t make her feel better.

        “It wasn’t your fault,” Cade told her.  “It’s not like you got drunk and puked on him.”

         Morgan covered her face with her hands.  “I’m sorry I ruined your party.”

         “You didn’t ruin anything,” Cade proclaimed ardently.  “You’re okay.  That’s all that matters.”

          His impassioned declaration and the fierce conviction in his gaze as he looked at Morgan made me feel some kind of raw, basic regard for him.  There was nothing selfish or uncaring about his intense concern for Morgan, and I couldn’t help my human response to his sincerity.

          It unsettled me to have positive feelings for Cade, so I shifted my focus to Morgan and tried to lighten her mood.  “At least now you don’t have to pretend to like shrimp anymore.”

          “You don’t like shrimp?” Logan enquired.

          I turned to see him entering the room with Taylor.  Her gaze immediately fixed on Cade.  “Hey,” she greeted him.  “It’s so nice of you to check on Morgan.  She gave us a scare.”  Her expression darkened as it flitted over to her sister.  “All because she wouldn’t admit she hates shrimp.”

          “Why’d you pretend to like it?” Logan asked in puzzlement.

          Morgan looked like trapped prey, so I jumped in to answer for her.  “She didn’t want to hurt Cade’s feelings.”  The absurdity of those words almost made me cringe for even speaking them, but I pushed on.  “Uh, you know, because it was his party, and his mom went to all the trouble of catering it and everything.”

          “It was actually your party,” Cade said to me.  “We had it so you could meet everyone.”

          “That’s so nice of you to introduce your stepsister to everyone,” Taylor said, “and she even found a boyfriend.”

          “He’s not my boyfriend,” I corrected her in alarm.  “We haven’t even gone on our date yet.”

          She waved off my concern.  “I’m sure you’ll hit it off.  What’s not to like?  He’s charming, handsome, rich,” she added with a catty laugh that tipped me off that her attitude toward me had changed for the worse.

          “Then why don’t you date him?” Cade asked her coldly.

          She responded with an airy laugh.  “Brandon’s like a brother to me.  Oh, but you know, maybe Lexie’s right about him.  He went on a date with your last sister too, and they didn’t go out again.”
          “She wasn’t my sister,” Cade told her angrily.  “My dad never married her mom.  And don’t compare Lexie to her.  Lexie is nothing like her.”

          “Well, I didn’t know her, but I heard she was a really friendly girl,” Taylor said.  “Lexie seems really friendly too.”

          Cade looked like he wanted to hit her.  “She’s not like that.”

          Taylor feigned dismay.  “She’s not friendly?  That’s not a very nice thing to say about your new sister.”

          “Stepsister,” Cade and Logan said at the same time.  Cade was angry, while Logan looked amused.

          “Taylor, help me get the lemonade,” Morgan urged anxiously.

          “Have Marie get it,” Taylor replied dismissively.

          “Marie is at church,” Morgan told her.

          “Still?” Taylor questioned in annoyance.  “Does church last all day?”

          “They were having her niece’s christening right after,” Morgan explained.

          “Wonderful,” Taylor griped.  “Well, get Martha to help you.”

          “Martha does enough,” Morgan retorted.  “She needs a break.”

          “It’s her job.  I swear, you treat her like she’s part of the family,” Taylor complained.

          “I’ll help you,” Logan offered as he moved toward Morgan and gave her a hug.  “I’m so glad you’re okay.”

          A shy smile revealed Morgan’s pleasure in his attention while her deep blush showed her embarrassment.  “Thanks.  I’m so sorry about your shoes!” she blurted.

          “It’s okay,” he told her.  “I threw them in the washer, and they’re fine.”

          “I would have thrown them away,” Taylor remarked.

          Logan ignored her and spoke to Morgan.  “Let’s go get that lemonade.  I’m thirsty.”

          He was obviously trying to remove her from the drama Taylor was creating, and I wished that I could have escaped her presence too.  I sat down quietly and hoped to avoid further interaction with her, but Cade sat down right beside me despite all the available seating in the spacious room.

          Taylor then sat down right beside him, making the situation even more awkward.  I gazed at the expansive view beyond the windows and tried without success to tune out their conversation.

          “So,” Taylor began, “here we are again.  I’ve missed you so much, and it’s great to have you back.”

          “I’m here to see Morgan,” Cade said.

          “You don’t need an excuse,” she told him.  “We can pick up right where we left off.  We don’t have to wait anymore,” she added seductively.  “I’m ready to be with you.”

          “I’m sorry,” he replied, “but I’m not here to get back together with you.”

          “You don’t understand what I’m saying.  I’ve grown up, and I’m ready to—“

          He cut her off.  “I do understand what you’re saying, and it’s not going to happen.  We’re not going to be together—in any way.”

          “Because of her?” she demanded venomously.  “Your new sister.  Brandon told me how you got jealous over her.  That’s sick, Cade.”

          “She is not my sister!” he exploded.  “My dad married her mom.  That’s it.  She just moved into my house one week ago, so how the hell does that make her my sister?”

          “Your parents are married,” she retorted, “so that makes her your stepsister, which makes it—“

          “I don’t fucking care!” he exclaimed.  “So shut up about it.”

          There was silence for about ten very long, very tense seconds before Taylor spoke to me in a smooth, cultured voice that emphasized her privileged upbringing.  “What about you, Lexie?  Do you care if Cade is your stepbrother, or are you planning to follow in your mother’s footsteps and get yourself your own Stover?”

          “Shut up,” Cade snapped at her furiously.  “Just shut your stupid—“

          “Why should she?” I interjected, interrupting him as I finally turned my head to look in his direction.  “Isn’t that the same thing you said to me?”

          My gaze shifted toward Taylor as I stood up.  “To answer your question, I’m planning to go to college and get as far away from snobby people like you and Cade as I can.  Thank you for your hospitality.”

          I swept out of the room with my head held high in what I hoped was a dignified exit.  Cade ruined it by following me.  “Stay here,” I hissed at him.  “Just leave me alone.”

          “Don’t listen to her,” he urged.  “She’s—“

          “It’s not her,” I cut him off in exasperation.  “It’s you.  You’re the problem, so stop.  Just stop.”

          I walked away from him, but he caught up to me again.  “Stop what?” he demanded.

          “Stop harassing her,” Taylor answered him from behind us.  “The girl did just tell you to leave her alone.”      

          “I told you to shut up,” he retorted, raising his voice in anger.

          “And I told you to leave me alone,” I stated firmly.

          “Tell his dad he’s bothering you,” Taylor suggested.  “He’ll put an end to it.  Just like he put an end to us,” she added bitterly.

          Cade whirled on her.  “I told you that to spare your feelings.  My dad only made me stop hanging out with the guys.  He didn’t make me break up with you, but I didn’t want to see you anymore, and it worked out perfectly for ending it with you.”

          “Why?” she asked in anguish.  “Because I wouldn’t sleep with you?  I wasn’t ready then, but I’m ready to be with you now.  Please give me another chance.”

          I slipped away, cringing inwardly at her pleading and feeling disgusted with Cade for the way he had treated her.  She might not be the nicest person, but it had been cruel of him to drop her without a word just because she wouldn’t sleep with him.  It was the reminder that I had needed of his true character.  His soft spot for Morgan was an anomaly in his otherwise selfish nature, but I wouldn’t be fooled into thinking that there was any more hidden good within him.     


 























Chapter 24



          I expected Cade to come chasing after me, but I walked back to his house alone.  Maybe Taylor had convinced him to get back together with her and they were making up for lost time.  The thought was disturbing after the scene I had just witnessed between them.  Taylor had been desperate to get him back, while Cade had been so cold toward her.  If he did get back together with her, it would essentially be for the sex that she was offering him, since he had shown no emotion toward her.

          I couldn’t see him falling in love with her, but I couldn’t imagine him falling in love with anyone.  Loving someone meant caring just as much about that person as you did about yourself, and that didn’t seem to be in Cade’s nature.  I mulled all this over while mindlessly watching a cooking show in the living room. 

          When Cade came home an hour later, he criticized me for my behavior.  “You left without even saying goodbye.  Morgan was upset.”

          “She had Logan there,” I replied.  “I’m sure she didn’t miss me.”

          “She did,” Cade insisted.  “She was all worried that she was a terrible hostess.”

          I assessed his expression and saw that he appeared to be sincerely upset with me over Morgan.  “That’s ridiculous,” I declared.  “I didn’t leave because of her.”

          “You need to tell her that,” he said as he pulled out his phone.  “I couldn’t get into the real reason in front of everyone, so I made up a story about you getting a headache, but Morgan didn’t believe it.”

          “Why would you say that?” I asked in dismay.  “That sounds like such a fake excuse.”

          “I couldn’t think of anything else to say,” he told me in exasperation.  “You just let Taylor chase you off when you knew we were there for Morgan.  Here, talk to her.”

          I tried to refuse him when he started handing me his phone, but he obstinately held it out to me as a female voice answered.  “Hello?” she repeated.  “Cade?”

          “Lexie wants to talk to you,” he yelled while still thrusting the phone at me.

          I grabbed it from him in annoyance but pitched my voice into a pleasant tone for Morgan.  “Hi, it’s Lexie.  I’m sorry I left without telling you,” I apologized to her as I spoke into the phone.

          “I’m sorry I took so long to bring you a glass of lemonade,” she replied anxiously.  “You must think I’m hopeless.  First I ruin Cade’s party, and then I leave you sitting there bored.  I should have—“

          “You were great,” I assured her as I interrupted her.  “Really, it wasn’t you.”

          “You don’t have to pretend,” she began.

          I immediately interrupted her again.  “Honestly, Morgan, I’m telling you the truth.  Me leaving had nothing to do with you.  I like you, and I’d like us to be friends.”

          “Really?” she asked in a hopeful tone.  “I know I’m only a sophomore, but since we don’t go to the same school, your friends won’t have to know you’re friends with me.”

          “That’s not even…no,” I insisted in dismay.  “I have no problem with being friends with someone who’s not in my grade.  That’s silly.  Of course we can be friends!”

           “Oh,” she said, “okay.  Well, um, how’s your headache?”

          “As annoying as always,” I quipped.  “He’s standing right here listening to our conversation.”

          After a beat during which she realized I was talking about Cade, Morgan began to laugh at the same time that Cade remarked that I was talking on his phone, and that’s why he was standing right next to it.

          “Yeah, I’ll give you back your phone in a minute,” I told him.  “So, it’s okay if Cade gives me your number?” I asked Morgan.

          “Sure,” she replied, “but I hope you’ll come back over.”

          “You’re back,” Catherine declared as she stepped into the room.  “Ready to go to lunch?”

          She was leaving later this afternoon, and my mom and Robert were returning a couple of hours after her flight.  Mom and I had spoken several times during this week, and I assumed that Robert had also been keeping in contact with Cade.  I liked Catherine, but I was looking forward to having my mom back.

          “We’re going to lunch now,” I told Morgan apologetically, “but I’ll come over again another day.  My mom’s coming home later, so…”

           “Oh yeah, they’re on their honeymoon,” Morgan said.  “Okay, well maybe after school tomorrow.”

          “I have to work every day after school this week except Friday,” I replied, “so I could come over then or Saturday before work, and I’m off on Sunday.”

          “Wow,” she responded.  “I didn’t know that you worked so much, and you have your date with Brandon on Friday.  Well, how about Sunday then?  That way you won’t have to rush off to work.”

          I had forgotten about my date, but I didn’t mention that to her, especially not in front of Catherine. “Okay,” I agreed.  “I’ll come over on Sunday.  I’ll text you before then,” I promised her before we got off the phone.

          “Did you forget about your date on Friday?” Cade enquired in a polite tone, but there was a glint in his eyes that told me he was putting me on the spot on purpose.  “I thought you were so excited about it.”

          “I am excited about it,” I lied.  “I was just trying to make Morgan happy after you put this guilt trip on me.”

           “What guilt trip?” Catherine asked.  “What happened?”

          “Lexie left right after we got there,” Cade answered her, “and Morgan got upset.”

          Catherine looked at me in surprise.  “I didn’t know you came back so soon.  I’ve been upstairs packing, and I just finished before I came down to check if you were back.  Why did you leave?” she questioned me.

           “Yeah, Lexie,” Cade said to put more pressure on me, “why did you leave?”

          “Well,” I answered as I threw it back at him, “you and Taylor were having your big romantic reunion, and I could see that you wanted to be alone.”

          I was watching his reaction, and I saw his mouth compress in aggravation when Catherine exclaimed in delight.  “You’ve gotten back together with Taylor?  Oh, how lovely!  I always knew you’d find your way back to each other.  You’re perfect for each other.”

          “So perfect,” I gushed with fake girlish delight to annoy him further.

          He glared at me before replying to his mom in a terse tone.  “I’m not getting back together with her any more than you’re getting back together with Dad.”

          Catherine’s expression changed into hurt and disappointment, and I felt bad for instigating this exchange between them.  I should have known that Cade would have a rude response.

          “Are we going to lunch now?” I prompted.  “I’m really hungry after all that walking,” I chattered in an attempt to get us past the unpleasantness.  “These streets are so pretty, though, with all the trees.  It’s going to be gorgeous when the leaves change color.”

           Catherine seemed just as eager to lighten the mood.  “I do miss fall.  We don’t get to enjoy the change of seasons in LA.  The only color on the trees is when they decorate the palm trees for Christmas.”

           Cade, however, remained sullen.  “It was your choice to move there.”

          “It’s where I’m from,” she replied.

          “You’re from Michigan,” he countered.

          “We moved to LA when I was eight,” she stated.  “I lived there longer than I lived in Michigan.”

           “Yeah,” he said derisively, “because your stage mother made you work to support her, just like Lexie’s mom made her work all her life too.”

          “That is not true!” I exclaimed.  “She never made me work.  She never even suggested it.  I told you I decided that on my own.” 

          “Yeah,” he retorted, “because that’s what every kid wants to do—work.  It must be so fun to work while other kids get to play.  Your mom should have been a used car salesman if she got you to believe that.”

          “You promised to give her a chance,” I reminded him angrily, “but you’re still talking stupid crap about her that’s not even true.”

          “Cade,” Catherine admonished him with an appalled expression, “you have to stop making assumptions about people.  Lexie clearly loves her mother very much.  That should tell you something about their relationship.”

           “Kids love their mothers no matter what,” he said as his gaze dropped to the floor.  “That doesn’t mean the feeling is mutual.”

           His words were spoken in that offhand tone he sometimes adopted, so their meaning wasn’t immediately clear.  I only peeled back the layer of neutrality covering them because of what he’d told me the previous night about his sister dying.  I glanced toward Catherine and saw her studying him with perplexed concentration.

           “Are we going to eat or what?” Cade snapped.

        A slow realization was creeping over Catherine’s face.  “Whose feeling isn’t mutual?”

       “Let’s just go,” he demanded and strode from the room.

       She took off after him, and I hurried to follow them.  “Cade,” she yelled, “stop!  Stop damn it!”

      He halted and turned to look at her, his expression cold.  She walked up to him while I hung back a few feet.  “Which mother doesn’t love her child?” she questioned, her gaze locked on him.  

       His face was a stony mask, but emotion was breaking through from the depths of his dark eyes as he stared at her.  “You tell me,” he said.

        “Cade?” she spoke, her voice barely above a whisper.  “You can’t think…”

        “It was my fault!” he suddenly exclaimed as he backed away from her.  “I know it was my fault.”

       “What?” she questioned him desperately as she moved toward him.  “Baby, what are you talking about?”

         “Courtney,” he answered brokenly.  “It was my fault she died.”

         Catherine grabbed his hand.  “That was an accident, sweetie.  You know that.”

         “If I hadn’t tried to sneak a drink from her can, she’d still be alive,” he said in despair.  “She died because I didn’t listen to you.  No wonder you stopped loving me.”

         “Oh my poor baby,” she exclaimed in anguish.  “How could you think that I don’t love you?  You’re my precious baby boy.”  She threw her arms around him.  “I love you with all my heart!”

          Tears sprang to my eyes as I watched them.  Cade looked like he was holding back tears too.  His voice was choked up with emotion when he spoke.  “You didn’t want to be around me.  Whenever I tried to come into Courtney’s room with you—“

         “No baby,” she interrupted him, “that was because I didn’t want you to spend all your time grieving for her.  I knew that wasn’t healthy, but I couldn’t break out of it myself.”  She pulled back to look at him.  “I never stopped loving you,” she told him fiercely.  “I’m so sorry I wasn’t there for you when you needed me.  I lost myself in my depression, but that was never your fault.”

         His tears were falling unchecked now.  “But I—“

         “No,” she cut him off firmly.  “What happened wasn’t your fault.  It was an accident, Cade.  Just a terrible accident.”  She tenderly brushed the tears from his cheek, but she was crying herself when she spoke her next words.  “I love you, sweetheart.”

          “I love you too, Mom,” he said, his teary gaze softer than I had ever seen it.

         They hugged then, and I turned away from the emotional scene as my own tears flowed.  I slowly walked further away to give them the privacy I should have given them earlier, but Cade’s voice stopped me.  “Lexie,” he called gruffly.

        “What?” I asked without turning around, my own voice sounding teary.

        I heard the sound of footsteps behind me, and Cade came around to face me.  He’d managed to dry his eyes, but I was still crying.  His gaze softened again as he looked at me.  When he reached out and brushed tears from my cheek, my breath caught in my throat.  His touch was too tender, and there was too much warmth in his eyes.

         I stepped back from him, feeling flustered and disconcerted.  “Pizza,” I blurted inanely.  “We should just order pizza.”

          His eyebrows lifted in perplexity before an amused smile formed on his lips.  “Pizza sounds good.”

          “Yeah,” Catherine agreed as she joined us, “we’ll order pizza and chill here instead of going out.”

          Cade glanced at her with a wry expression.  “Don’t try to talk like that.  It doesn’t work for you.”

          “What?” she exclaimed in fake dismay.  “I’m a cool mom.  I can chill, I can chillax.” 

          “Stop,” he fake pleaded.

          I understood their need for light banter to dissipate the intense emotions they had been overcome with a short time ago.  It was the same reason I had brought up my favorite comfort food.  “I’ll order the pizza,” I announced.

          “I’ll do it,” Cade said.  

           “None of your fancy schmancy pizza,” I told him.  “We want ooey, gooey, artery-clogging pizza.  The good stuff!” 

          He regarded me with a bemused expression.  “What is fancy schmancy pizza?”

         “I don’t know,” I said.  “I’ve never eaten that kind.”

         “I think you’re talking about gourmet pizza,” he suggested.  “And how do you know you won’t like it if you’ve never tried it?”

           “I didn’t say I wouldn’t like it,” I replied.  “I just said that’s not the kind we need now.”

          “Oh, so now it’s a need,” he remarked.

          “Yes,” I confirmed.  “We need pepperoni pizza and Home Alone.”

          In the midst of pulling out his phone again, he glanced at me with an enigmatic smile.

          “I know I picked the last movie,” I acknowledged, “but we need to watch Home Alone when we eat our pizza.”

          The bemused expression returned to his face.  “Right, the movie.  I haven’t watched that since I was a kid.”

          “That’s sad,” I exclaimed.  “I watch it at least once a year.  Order the pizza, and we’ll make up for your deprivation.” 

          He ordered an extra-large pepperoni pizza for the three of us, but Catherine only ate one piece.  I ate three pieces myself, and Cade loaded his plate with two pieces at a time, although I wasn’t sure of the total number he ate. 

          “That would kill them,” he commented as I laughed for the umpteenth time while we watched Marv and Harry get hit in the head with flying cans of paint.

          “That’s why you don’t imitate stunts you see on TV,” I replied amiably as the characters in the movie were able to walk away with only minor injuries.  The combination of delicious pizza and one of my favorite childhood movies had put me in a wonderful state of contentment.

          “Unfortunately, I have to get going,” Catherine said.  “No, don’t turn it off,” she told Cade as he grabbed the remote control.  “Just pause it.  John is driving me to the airport.  You and Lexie can stay here and finish watching the movie.”

          I wasn’t sure who John was, but I assumed that he was one of the household staff who worked here.  Maybe they had their own chauffeur.  I had only been living here for a week, so I didn’t know everything about their lifestyle yet.

          Cade and I stood up to walk Catherine out to the car that would take her to the airport.  Someone must have already loaded her suitcases into it, because she only carried her purse with her.  She took leave from me first as she told me that she had enjoyed getting to know me.

          “It’s been fun getting to know you too,” I replied.  “Thanks for helping me with everything for the party, and thanks for being here while my mom was gone.”

          “It was my pleasure,” she said.  “I’m sure we’ll be seeing each other again.  I hope you have a lovely time on your date.”

          “Thanks,” I said.  “I hope you have a good flight.”

          She smiled at me before turning her attention to Cade.  I stepped back several feet to give them their space to say goodbye.  She spoke quietly to him as they hugged, and she kissed his cheek before they parted.  Instead of getting into the backseat like I had expected, she sat down in the passenger seat beside the driver and waved at us as they pulled away.

          Both of us waved back to her and watched the car until it was out of sight.  Cade then turned toward the house and saw me.  He smiled a beautiful, happy smile that stunned me.  Before I could gather my wits, he strode forward and caught me into an enthusiastic hug.

          “I feel amazing!” he exclaimed.

          “Uh, that’s good,” I responded in confoundment.

          He pulled back, still happily smiling.  I could only stare at the look of pure happiness on his face.  It was an expression that I had never seen on him.

          “Let’s go watch Home Alone,” he urged with all the enthusiasm of a little kid.

         He rushed into the house, and I followed him in a daze.  I sat next to him on the couch and glanced at him in bewilderment when he laughed at the antics onscreen.  It wasn’t until the end of the movie, when Kevin was watching the old man hug his granddaughter that I remembered the emotional scene between Cade and his mom earlier.

          She had told him that she loved him and that his sister’s death wasn’t his fault, and he had cried.  I had seen Cade cry.  It was a stupefying realization, and it left me completely thrown.  My perception of him was altered beyond recognition, and I didn’t know how to define him anymore.

          Trying to combine emotional Cade with heartless, uncaring Cade to make him into one whole person was confusing as hell.  Was he going to be a nicer person now?  I couldn’t be sure, and I didn’t know how to deal with this side of him.


Chapter 25
  


          Cade was still in a good mood an hour later when our parents arrived home from their honeymoon.  He even greeted my mom with enthusiasm and smiled that disconcertingly happy smile at her.  She was oblivious to the change in him since he had always put on a pleasant demeanor for her, but his dad noticed the difference.

          “What are you so happy about?” Robert asked him as he studied him curiously.

          “Why wouldn’t I be happy?” Cade replied in a good-natured manner.  “We had a great time with Mom, you’re back, and Lexie didn’t burn down the house while you were gone.”  He flashed a grin at me.

          “You would be more likely to burn down the house,” I retorted in the same lightly teasing tone he had used.  “I bet you’ve never cooked anything in your life.”

          “You’re right,” he admitted to my surprise.  “I’ve only heated up food in the microwave.”

          “Skylar doesn’t know how to cook either,” I said easily before remembering with a pang that she was no longer my friend.  “Anyway,” I continued, focusing my attention on my mom, “you’ve got such a great tan.  Anguilla looks just as beautiful as Hawaii in those pictures you sent me.”

          “It is!” she enthused.  “But I tried to avoid the sun between noon and four, just like they advise you, but it’s just so beautiful there.”

          “No,” I disagreed, “that’s not what you do when you’re on a beach vacation.  You’ve gotta soak up as much sun as you can.”

          “Not if you want to avoid wrinkles and skin cancer,” she retorted.

          “Like you could get too much sun exposure,” I scoffed.  “You’ve hardly been outside at all with how much you were working all the time.”

          “I’m going to make sure she makes up for all those vacations she didn’t take,” Robert declared.  “We’re going on a family vacation over Christmas break.”

          “We are?” Cade questioned.  “Where?”

          “You and Lexie talk it over and decide,” he replied.  “Let us know soon so that I can get the reservations taken care of.”

          I stared at him in wonder.  Mom and I had never been able to afford a family vacation, and I had never even stayed at a hotel anywhere.  Her trip to Hawaii with Robert last year had been her first vacation, and it had taken a lot of reassurances from me to convince her to go.  She hadn’t wanted to leave me behind, but I had insisted that I would never forgive her if she missed an opportunity to go to Hawaii and bring me back a lei and a t-shirt. 
          I got both those things, and Robert had grumbled about Mom not letting him buy me a gift too.  She had silenced him with a stern look, and I had wondered why she hadn’t let him buy it for me.  This time he handed me a gift shop bag while Mom was still searching her suitcase for the souvenirs she had brought back for me.

        I pulled out a box and opened it in curiosity more than excitement, intrigued to see what Robert had picked out for me.  The pearl necklace I found inside was so cool and different.  I had never seen black pearls before, and I exclaimed over their uniqueness.

          Mom came over to see what I was holding and gaped at the necklace.  “When did you get these?” she demanded as she glanced sharply at Robert.  “You bought them in Hawaii,” she said in an accusatory tone.

          “Okay, I did,” he admitted.

          Mom exploded at him.  “I told you I didn’t want you spending that much on her!”

          “That was before,” he retorted, “but now that we’re married, I can—“

          “But you bought them before,” she interrupted him in exasperation.  “We agreed to only buy presents for our own children, and then you went behind my back and bought these for Lexie.”

          “Which is why I didn’t buy her anything in Anguilla,” he replied.  “I wanted her to have these, so I got them for her.  I knew I’d eventually be able to give them to her.”

          “Oh yeah?” she retorted.  “What if I had dumped you?”

          “I’d spend the rest of my life trying to get you back,” he told her.

          She rolled her eyes, but she couldn’t hold back her smile.  “You’re impossible.”

          He grinned at her, and I felt a bittersweet emotion while witnessing their playfulness.  I wondered if this was how it had been between my parents when my dad was alive.

          “And I’ve got this for you,” Robert said and handed a brochure to Cade.

          “Thanks,” Cade replied as he unfolded it to reveal a map.

          “Uh, what did you get him?” Mom asked.

          “A souvenir map,” Robert answered.  “He collects them.”

          “What else?” she prompted.

          “That’s all he wants,” Robert replied.

          “Wait a minute,” she said, sounding flabbergasted.  “You spent six thousand dollars on a necklace for Lexie, but you only bought Cade a map?  How much did you pay for it?”
          Robert repeated that it was all Cade wanted as Cade flipped the map to glance at the price.  “Twelve dollars.”

           Mom was aghast at Cade’s answer.  She took the necklace from me and held it toward Robert.  “You have to return this.”

          “I can’t,” he told her.  “I bought it over a year ago, so I can’t return it.  Anyway, she likes it.  They’re real Tahitian black pearls, Lexie,” he informed me like I knew anything about pearls.  

          I was still in shock over the cost.  By that alone I could have guessed that they were real, but they were far too expensive to be given to me.  “Give them to Mom,” I suggested.

          “They’re for you,” he insisted.  “I’ll get her one too if she wants it, but this necklace is yours.  I would never try to take your dad’s place, but I consider you my daughter now.  I hope you’ll think of me as your second dad.  Your dad will always be first, but I hope I’ll be able to be a close second.”

          I glanced uncomfortably at Cade.  “But…”  I trailed off awkwardly.

          “It’s okay,” Cade assured me.  “This is really all I want,” he said, indicating the map in his hand.  “Besides,” he added with the beginnings of a grin, “I look better in diamonds than pearls.”

          He looked good all the time, but this charming playfulness he was displaying now was his most attractive look.  I liked him this way.  If I hadn’t been so charmed by the change in his demeanor, I would have stopped to consider these new feelings I was having for Cade.  But he was so different that he hardly even seemed like the same person.

          “Then we better get him some diamonds,” Mom declared.

          “Cade has hardly been deprived,” Robert argued with her.

          I was still caught up in watching the playful expression on Cade’s face, so I went with him when he offered to show me his collection of maps.  He walked beside me up the steps and down the long hallway to his room, keeping his stride leisurely. 

          “You’re really not upset?” I asked hesitantly, although he didn’t seem to be.

          “I’m not,” he assured me.  “I’m glad my dad likes you, because I like you too.  If anyone can be the daughter my dad wants, it’s you.”

          He spoke with such heartfelt sincerity that it gave me a warm, wonderful feeling.  When we entered his room, he led me into his walk in closet.  Right in the middle of it was what looked like a mini sofa with an island dresser behind it.  On top of the dresser was a wooden pirate chest with a skull and crossed swords on the lid.   

          The incongruous sight made me smile in amusement.  I would never have guessed that Cade would have such a childish item hidden inside his closet.  “Ah, so that’s a treasure map.  Should I call you Captain Cade?”

          “It was Courtney’s,” he replied.  “But you can call me Captain Cade if you want to,” he added in a flirty tone.  “Shiver me timbers, lassie.  You got some booty for me?”

          “Did you just call me a dog?” I questioned.

          “Lassie,” I added in response to his perplexed look.

          He laughed.  “Lassie, lass.  It means girl,” he clarified.  “And booty means treasure,” he explained in a suggestive tone.  “Come ‘ere wench,” he said in his pirate voice.

          He smiled wickedly as I took hesitant steps toward him, but he turned to face the pirate chest and open it.  Inside were folded maps, and Cade placed the Anguilla map down on top of them.  “Somebody in the family has to actually go there and bring it back.  That’s the rule.”

          “Dad could have ordered her all the maps she wanted,” he continued, “but her rule was that one of us had to go there and ‘have an adventure’ to get the map.”  He took one of the maps out and handed it to me.  

          I carefully unfolded it and saw Venezia printed in larger text at the top and the rest of the words labeling places on the map in smaller text.  “Italy,” I said, remembering him telling me that he had gone there with his mom.

          “That’s Venice,” he confirmed.  “I try to get the ones written in the local language whenever I can.”  He picked up another one and exchanged it for the one I had in my hands.

          When I unfolded it, I saw Verona printed at the top.  I noticed a curved body of water labeled Fiume Adige.  “What does that mean?” I asked, pointing at the words.

          “Fiume means river,” he answered.  “That’s the Adige River.”

          “You’ve been to so many amazing places,” I marveled as I glanced at the stack of maps inside the wooden chest.

          A shadow of sadness dimmed his expression.  “Courtney wanted to sail the world.  She loved the Pirates of the Caribbean movies.”  His dark eyes had that luminous sheen as he gazed at me, and I felt no sense of deceptiveness in it now.  “Why do you think Dad got you black pearls?”

          “The Curse of the Black Pearl,” I replied softly.

          “He promised to get her a necklace like that for her thirteenth birthday,” Cade said.  

          I couldn’t remember how old she had been when she died, but she obviously hadn’t made it to her thirteenth birthday.  Feeling like I needed to respond, I sadly spoke one word and trailed off.  “But…”

          “But she died when she was ten,” he finished the sentence for me.  “I know he regrets not getting that necklace for her right away.”

          “It was something for her to look forward to,” I said.  “He didn’t know that…”
          “Yeah,” Cade agreed.  “But I’m glad he got it for you.  You’re the only one I would let wear it.”

          “But I don’t want it,” I protested.  “I can’t wear her necklace.  We should put it in the chest with her maps.”  I carefully folded the Verona map and set it gently down on top of the other ones.

          I wasn’t sure if I should close the lid, so I turned to glance at Cade and forgot everything else when I saw the way he was watching me.  There was so much emotion in his eyes, and it was all directed at me.

          “That’s why,” he said, his voice like a warm caress.  “That’s why it’s for you.”

          He took the step that brought him into intimate contact with me and lifted his hands to take a gentle hold of my face before kissing me tenderly.  I responded to him with just as much tender feeling, and his gaze was filled with such warmth when he pulled back to look at me that I felt a surge of happiness.

          In that wonderful moment, I wasn’t yet aware that I had started to fall for him. 































Chapter 26



          I felt exuberantly happy when I went to catch up with my mom.  She opened her bedroom door when I knocked on it, and she gave me another hug.  “I missed you so much,” she said.

          “Hopefully not too much,” I replied.  “You were supposed to be having a wonderful time.”

          “I did,” she acknowledged, “but I felt bad to leave you behind again.”

          “It was your honeymoon,” I said.  “It’s supposed to be just the two of you.  I’m sure not taking you on my honeymoon.”

          She laughed.  “Did you get engaged while we were gone?”

          “No,” I answered.  “I only went to wild parties and got arrested.”  Suddenly worried that Robert would take my words seriously, I peered past her into the room.  “Uh, where’s Robert?”

          “He’s taking a shower,” she replied.

         “Oh, how about we go to my room?” I suggested so that I could have my mom all to myself, and to avoid the possibility of seeing Robert walk out of the bathroom in a towel or even less.

          “Sure,” she agreed and closed the door as she stepped out into the hallway with me.  “So about these wild parties…”

          “There was only one, and it wasn’t that wild,” I remarked.  “It was Catherine’s idea, and she was here the whole time.”

          Mom waited until we were inside my room with the door closed before she spoke again.  “How did you like Catherine?  Be honest,” she urged.  “It stays between us.”

          “I like her,” I said sincerely.  “She’s really nice, and she even helped me get ready for the party.  I’ll show you the pictures she took of me.”  I pulled up the photos on my phone and handed it to her.

          “Wow,” she exclaimed.  “You look so sexy.”  She glanced warily at me before looking down at the phone again.  “How many guys were at this party?”

          “Catherine was here,” I reiterated.  “But someone did ask me out on a date,” I admitted, recalling Cade teasing me about forgetting that.

          “Oh, did you say yes?” Mom asked.

          “Yeah,” I answered, “but I don’t know now.”

          “Why?” she questioned in surprise.  “Did you feel pressured to say yes?  Who is this boy?”

         “His name is Brandon,” I told her.  “He’s one of the neighbors Cade invited, and I didn’t feel pressured.  It was just a spur of the moment thing, but I’m not really sure now if I want to go.”

          “Why not?” she queried.  “Where is he taking you?”

          “To dinner,” I replied.  “It’s just…I’m not sure if I like him enough to date him.  He seems like a nice guy, but I don’t know.”

          “You won’t know unless you give him a chance,” she said.  “I know your last boyfriend broke your heart, but you shouldn’t give up on love.”

          “It’s not that,” I said.  “I’m over that, but I’m just not sure if I want to go out with Brandon.”

          “Are you interested in someone else?” she asked.  “Is that what’s stopping you?”

          My mind flitted back to the way Cade had looked at me with so much emotion in his eyes, and the memory filled me with the same surge of warmth I had felt in his presence.

          “Who is making you smile like that?” Mom inquired curiously.  “Was he at the party too?”

         I hadn’t been aware that I was smiling.  “There were lots of cute guys at the party,” I said to distract her from studying my facial expressions.  “This one guy looks like a movie star, and his last name is Cade.  How weird is that?  What are the chances that Cade’s neighbor would have that last name?”

          Mom was still fixated on her inquiry.  “Is he the guy you like?”

          “I never said there was a guy,” I retorted.  “You’re just assuming there’s a guy, but there isn’t.”  

          “Mm, hmm,” she agreed noncommittally.  “You don’t have to tell me.  You don’t have to tell him either, but you can invite him over again with a few of the other neighborhood kids.  It doesn’t have to be a party.  You can invite them over for dinner.”

          “There is no guy,” I insisted.

          “He’ll probably be over anyway if he’s friends with Cade,” she continued.  “You can even transfer to his school.  There’s really no reason to drive all that way now that we live here.  Robert and I were talking about that on the plane.  It’s not that far into the school year, and we think that you should—“

          “No!” I exclaimed.  “I’m not changing schools.  Cade goes there too, and nobody is saying anything about how far he drives.”

          “Robert told me that Cade is a star athlete at that school, and he doesn’t want to let down the team.  You’ve got nothing holding you there.  You should take advantage of this opportunity to get a quality education,” she urged.  “It will help you get into the college of your choice.”

          “I haven’t even picked a college,” I argued.  “Going to a private school isn’t the only way to get into college.  Lots of people from public school get into the colleges they want.”

          “They do,” she acknowledged, “but why pass up the opportunity to go to a better school?  I know it’s not easy being the new kid at school, but you did just fine the last time we moved.”

          “I’m not worried about that,” I said.

          “Then what is it?” she pressed.  “What’s holding you back?”

          “Nothing,” I answered.  “I don’t feel like I’m being held back.  I feel like I’m fine where I am.  Why is it suddenly so important for me to go to private school?”

          “We just want the best for you,” she said.  “Why are you refusing to even consider it?”

          “I don’t need private school,” I replied.  “I’m not going to be living this kind of life.”

          “What kind of life?” she asked quizzically.

          “The rich kind of life.  I’m going to be just a regular person when I move out of here,” I explained.  “People won’t care where I went to high school, because none of them will be rich either.”

          “It’s not about impressing people.  Getting a quality education in high school lays the foundation for success in college.  Their curriculum is specifically geared toward—“

          “Are you quoting directly from their website?” I interjected.         

          “I just see opportunities for you that I never had,” she told me.  “I can’t help wanting all that for you.”

          Her earnestness mellowed my attitude.  “I appreciate that, Mom, but this is my life.  I can decide which school I want to go to.”

          “Okay,” she relented.  “I just want you to promise me that you’ll at least consider it.  I mean really consider it before you refuse without even thinking about it.”

          I had responded with an immediate no.  “Okay, I promise to think about it.”

          That seemed to satisfy her.  “Good.”  She plopped down on my bed and grinned at me.  “I’ll be going to school too.  I’m enrolling in college.”

          I gaped at her, and she laughed at my expression.  “What?  You don’t think I can hack it in college?”

          “What made you decide to do that?” I asked.  “I mean, I know you can do it, but why?” 

          “It doesn’t make any sense for me to continue working as a waitress,” she replied.  “I only did that out of necessity, but it’s no longer necessary.  I can’t be a homemaker either since Robert already has a cook and maids to do that.  I’ve always wanted to be a teacher, so I’m going to get my degree now that I have the chance.”

          “That’s great, Mom,” I told her sincerely.  “I was wondering what you were going to do all day,” I admitted.

          It had never occurred to me that my mom might have dreams for herself.  I’d never known that she wanted to become a teacher.  My rumination on her past had always involved imagining her life with my dad.  I knew about his dream to open his own car repair shop, but not about hers.  I had been too fixated on learning everything I could about my dad to be interested in discovering more about my mom.  I saw her every day and assumed that I knew everything about her. 

          My thoughts segued into recalling Cade’s assumptions about her.  I couldn’t wait to tell him that she was going to college to get her teaching degree.  She was already proving him wrong.

          When there was a knock on the door, I assumed that it was Robert coming to find Mom.  I hadn’t expected to open the door and see Cade standing there.  “I knocked this time,” he told me.

          His gaze brought just as much of a flush to my cheeks as the memory of the incident he was referring to.  I thought back on it now in a different context than when it happened.  Filtered through my new perception of him, the memory was sexy rather than embarrassing.

          “Mom’s going to college,” I blurted in my flustered state.

          It seemed to take him a moment to comprehend what I had said.  “Uh, college?” he questioned, still appearing to be distracted.

          “Yeah,” I said.  “She’s going to be a teacher.”

          “I’ve got a long way to go,” I heard Mom say as she came up beside me.  “It’s been a long time since I’ve been at school.  I’ll have to take placement tests for math and English.”

          “Shall we go downstairs?” she enquired as she continued speaking.  “See?  I still remember what I learned in English class.  Shall is more of a polite suggestion, and should is an actual question.”

          Cade had recovered his ability to engage in conversation.  “So you’re politely suggesting that we go downstairs,” he stated more than questioned.

          “We haven’t seen you and Lexie since the wedding,” she replied.  “This will be our first evening together as a family, and we’d like to spend it catching up and talking.  Lauren will be back to cook dinner for us tomorrow.  I thought tonight we could just order pizza.”

          “We had pizza for lunch,” I told her apologetically.  “It was my idea to order pizza and watch a movie.”

          “Well, we can order some other kind of takeout,” she said. 

          “Shall we order Chinese?” Cade queried.

          Mom smirked at him.  “Are you politely suggesting that we order Chinese?”

          He gave her a little smirk in return but changed his expression when he looked at me.  “Do you like Chinese food?” he asked.

          “I love Chinese food,” I answered.

          He smiled warmly.  “Then that’s what we’ll get.”

          “Cade,” Mom began in a more serious tone, “I want you to know that it’ll be your turn to get something you want when we go on vacation.”

          “I did get what I want,” he insisted.  “Lexie saw my collection of maps, so she knows it’s the truth.”

         “Okay,” she agreed dubiously, “but if you see something else you want, you can have it.”

         A smile played over his lips.  “Thanks.”

         Our family evening was pleasant and polite, but it wasn’t as relaxed as the atmosphere had been earlier in the day during our enjoyment of the pizza and movie combination.  It was lacking the cathartic comfort level we’d had then.

          I wasn’t feeling tension so much as a heightened awareness that kept me from relaxing.  There was anticipation too for the next time Cade and I would be alone.

          That time arrived when our jet-lagged parents went to bed.  Cade and I were clearing the empty food containers from the coffee table.  We took them to the kitchen to throw them in the trash.  After that was done, we stood there looking at each other.

          The anticipation built in intensity with every second that passed.  I already knew how good it felt to kiss him, and I felt the thrill of that expectation as he moved closer to me.  The sweet tenderness of our earlier kiss was repeated when our lips touched, but that slowly gave way to deepening passion that took us to the hungry edge of desire.

           My hands slipped down from grasping Cade’s hair to sliding up under his t-shirt and running up the skin of his back.  He made a sexy sound in his throat and dropped his hands down to grip my hips and press my body tightly against him.  I made my own sound of pleasure and kissed him feverishly.

          His hands squeezed me in response, and I pressed myself even more firmly against him.  My whole body was alive with the feel of him, all my nerve endings were attuned to his touch, and I was quickly reaching the point of wanting him beyond reason.

          I wrenched myself away from him with a suddenness that took him by surprise.  “Slow down,” I said in a breathless voice.

          He backed up and leaned against the counter, also breathing like he was winded.  Eventually, a slow smile made its way to his face.  “What are we going to do now?”

          “Go to bed,” I answered.

          His smile widened into a wicked grin.  “Yeah?”

          “Our own beds,” I amended with a responding smile, “to sleep.”

          “Are you gonna dream about me?” he asked in a playful tone.

          “That would be a nightmare,” I teased.

          “All my dreams about you are good,” he told me seductively.  “Very good.”

          “You’re bad,” I retorted, feeling both embarrassed and excited about the kind of dreams he might be having about me.

          “Are you going to spank me?” he asked and laughed when my face flamed in embarrassment.

          “Goodnight,” I said and turned to escape to my room.

          “Lexie,” he called after me, “are you gonna cancel your date with Brandon?”

          I halted and turned to look at him.  “Of course.  I can’t go out with him now that…”

          As I trailed off, I wondered about how to finish that sentence.  Now that what?  Now that Cade and I had kissed?  But we had already kissed before I agreed to the date with Brandon.  What exactly had changed between us now?  I had hated him before, and now I didn’t.  Not only did I not hate him, but I no longer disliked him at all.

          “Now that you like me,” Cade teased.

          The words unnerved me, but he spoke again in a more serious tone.  “I like you too, Lexie.  A lot.”

          The admission seemed to disquiet him as well, and he was suddenly eager to leave the room.  “Goodnight,” he said as he strode past me.

          I stood there for another minute as the realization sank in that I liked Cade, and that he possibly liked me back.  It gave me such a nervous but excited feeling that kept me awake long into the night.  I could hardly wait to see him again in the morning.












Chapter 27



          The excitement immediately rushed back as soon as the alarm woke me.  I bounded out of bed like any girl who was eager to see the boy she liked.  My long overdue appreciation for my new wardrobe happened when I walked into my closet to find something to wear.  Since it was still unseasonably warm, I decided to wear shorts to school for the first time ever.

          I’d had a pair of shorts that I had worn for gym class in ninth grade, but I had outgrown them and hadn’t bought anymore since that was my last required gym class.  The shorts I put on now were nothing like the cheap pair I had owned previously.  The saleslady had called them pleat flutter shorts, and they looked like a cute little skirt.  They were ridiculously overpriced, but Catherine hadn’t batted an eye at the two hundred dollar cost.

          I had to admit that the style was flattering, and Cade seemed to think so too judging by the appreciative look he swept over me.  His eyes lingered the longest on my face, though, as his gaze met mine.  I looked away as my stomach fluttered with nervous excitement.

          He was already moving toward me when I glanced back at him, and I only had time to take one breath before he kissed me.  “Good morning,” he said and returned to kissing me.

          I was caught up in the intoxicating feel of his lips against mine, but I made sporadic attempts to stop.  “School,” I reminded him in between resuming kissing him.  “Have to…”  Kiss.  “Get…”  Kiss.  “Ready.”

          Our mouths then fused as our tongues tangled.

         “Lexie,” I heard my mom call out.

          Cade and I reacted to the sound of her voice by breaking apart in panic, and she walked into the kitchen right after that.  I hurried toward the pantry as she called my name again.

          “Do you want me to make you some eggs?” she asked.  “I was planning to get up and make pancakes, but I overslept.  Must be the jet lag.”

          “It’s okay,” I replied with my back turned to her.  “I’m having cereal.”

          “What about you, Cade?” she questioned.  “Do you want some eggs?  I’m so sorry I didn’t get up in time to make you anything else.”

          “It’s okay,” he assured her.  “I’m having cereal too.”  

          His voice sounded normal, and I could only hope that mine did too.  Mom didn’t seem to have noticed anything, but I felt paranoid that she would.  I barely glanced at her as I carried a box of cereal from the pantry to the kitchen table.  Cade set out two bowls, and I took the milk out of the refrigerator.  He was grabbing spoons from the utensil drawer as I carried the milk to the table.

          “I have to learn where you keep everything,” Mom commented.  “Now I know where the cutlery is.”

          Her remark made me realize that this was her first morning in the house.  It was the first time she had spent the night here, because her wedding night had been spent traveling to her honeymoon destination.  It was strange to contemplate that when I had already become accustomed to living here. 

          “Are you going to eat, or are you just going to stare at your bowl?” she asked.

          I looked at her and saw her watching me with a wry expression.  “You stayed up half the night, didn’t you?” she accused.

         “No,” I denied.  “I went to bed, but I couldn’t fall asleep for a long time.”

         “Something on your mind?” she questioned.  “I know that I can’t sleep when I’m worried about something.” 

          “No,” I said, “I wasn’t worried about anything.  I just couldn’t sleep.”

          That was the truth, but I was starting to feel uneasy now.  This thing with Cade was something that I had to hide from my mom, like a guilty secret.  Yes it was exciting and admittedly fantastic kissing Cade, but what could possibly come of it?  It wasn’t like we could date openly.

          My new feelings for him had made me forget that we couldn’t be together.  I couldn’t exactly introduce my stepbrother as my boyfriend to my mom.  I wasn’t sure how she would react, but I doubted that she would be okay with it.  Cade had also mentioned before that his dad would never allow it, so continuing what we had started would get us in trouble.

          I deflated with disappointment as I thought about our situation, but Cade was still in an upbeat mood when he suggested that we ride to school together.

          “I can’t,” I glumly replied.  “I have to go to work after school.”

          “Just quit that job if you hate it so much,” he suggested.

          “I don’t hate it,” I told him.

          “Well, you sure don’t sound happy about it,” he remarked.  “Why force yourself to work when you don’t have to?  Nobody is going to blame you for quitting.”

          “He’s right,” Mom said.  “You should quit and enjoy your free time.  Lord knows you deserve it.”

          “Listen to your mom,” Cade urged.  “Quit that job.”

          “I can’t just quit,” I protested.

          “Sure you can,” Mom insisted.  “Go in today and give them your two weeks’ notice.”

          “I don’t know,” I said, influenced by the two of them in my vulnerable state of doubt.  I suddenly wasn’t sure what to do about anything.

          “Just try it,” Mom urged in a pleading tone.  “If you don’t like not working, you can get another job.  You should try taking a break though.  You don’t want to burn yourself out before college.  Believe me, you have plenty of time to work for the rest of your life.  Now’s the time to have some fun.”

          “Yeah,” Cade agreed, “have some fun, Lexie.”

          I looked at him and saw the wicked glint in his eyes as he smirked at me, and I knew that the fun he was referring to was completely different than what my mom intended for me.  My stomach dipped like I was on a roller coaster as my thoughts strayed to having that kind of fun with him, and I shifted my gaze away from his.

          Looking at my mom made me uncomfortable, although she seemed oblivious to Cade’s innuendo.  “I better get to school,” I said and stood up.

          “You hardly ate anything,” she protested.  “Are you sick?  You look a little flushed.”

          “I’m fine,” I answered quickly and went to grab my backpack from the foyer table where I’d placed it when I came downstairs.

          “Have them call me if you need to come home,” Mom said as she followed me.  “I’ll be here all day, so I can come pick you up.”

          “I’m fine,” I repeated and gave her a hurried peck on the cheek before rushing off toward the garage in the hope that she wouldn’t follow me there.

          She didn’t, but Cade caught up to me.  “Why are you so flushed, Lexie?” he asked with a current of amusement running through his words.  His smirk gave way to intensity as he placed his hands on my hips to pull me against him as he angled his head to kiss me. 

          I put my hands on his chest and pushed him back.  “We already almost got caught,” I reminded him as I glanced around us in paranoia.  “You’re gonna get us in trouble.”

          “There’s nobody here,” he argued and swept his arm in an arc.  “We’re alone.”

          “That’s what that girl and the gardener’s son thought,” I retorted.  “I’m not going to—“

          “Don’t compare yourself to her,” he interrupted me with a darkened expression.  “You’re nothing like her.”

          That was the same thing he had said to Taylor when she implied that I was like his dad’s previous girlfriend’s daughter.  Remembering that triggered my curiosity about what had happened between him and Taylor after I left her house.

          “What’d you say to Taylor?” I asked.

          His expression changed to confusion.  “Who cares about Taylor?  Why are you talking about her?”

          “Uh, because she was just telling you yesterday that she’s ready to have sex with you,” I replied drily.

          “I don’t want her,” he scoffed.

          “Why not?” I questioned.  “You liked her enough to go out with her before.”

          “We were kids,” he explained.  “I knew that she had a crush on me, and everyone expected us to pair off.  Asking her out was a safe bet.  I knew that I wasn’t going to be rejected.”

          “But you must have liked her if you asked her out,” I pressed.

          He shrugged.  “It was just easy to date her.”

          “What?” I questioned in dismay.  “I don’t understand what you’re saying.  Did you like her or not?”

          He shrugged again.  “She was okay.  She looked good, and everyone expected me to date her.”

          “So, you went out with her because everyone expected you to?” I asked in bewilderment.

          “My friends were all saying she wanted me,” he answered in exasperation.  “Why do you care about this now?  We’ve been over for a long time, and I’m not getting back together with her if that’s what you’re worried about.”

          “She wanted you,” I repeated sourly.  “So, you just went out with her because you assumed she’d have sex with you.  And you broke up with her when she wouldn’t,” I accused.

          “But no,” I continued as I got angrier, “you didn’t even bother to break up with her after you cheated on her.  You just dropped her without a word when you couldn’t get what you wanted from her.”

          “That’s not why I dropped her,” he denied.  “She was always conceited and annoying, but she got even worse after we started dating.  You should have seen how she acted when we were together at school, like we were royalty.  It fucking got on my nerves.  When my dad made me change schools, it was the perfect opportunity to cut her loose without any drama.”

          “You’re calling her conceited?” I retorted.  “Have you ever looked in the mirror?”

          “Every chance I get,” he quipped with a grin.  “I love looking in the mirror.”

          That teased a reluctant smile from me, but I forced it away.  “You should have broken up with her.”

          “I thought it would be easier for her this way,” he said.  “When she found out I had stopped all contact with my friends too, it wouldn’t make her feel singled out.”

            “Lexie?”

           I turned at the sound of my mom’s voice.  She was walking toward us with a concerned look on her face.  “Why haven’t you left?  Do you need me to call you off from school?”

          “No,” I replied.  “We were just talking, and we lost track of time.  I’m sorry.  I’ll get going right now.”

          I got into my car as she hovered there uncertainly, and Cade walked away toward his car.  “Are you sure you’re okay?” Mom asked me.

          I wasn’t really, but there was nothing physically wrong with me.  “I’m okay,” I lied.   




































Chapter 28



          Cade ambushed me in the school parking lot.  His arms wrapped around my waist as I was shutting my car door, and he pulled me back against him.  

          “Cade,” I protested anxiously, “people will see us.”

          “So?” he retorted.

          I broke free of his grasp and turned to face him.  “They’ll talk about us.”

          “And?” he prompted.

          “We can’t, people can’t…see us,” I told him, stumbling over my explanation.  “You’re, we’re…”

          “We’re together, and I don’t care who knows it,” he proclaimed.

          “Even your dad?” I queried.  “Because I remember you telling me that he wouldn’t be okay with this.”

          “He won’t find out,” Cade replied.  “He doesn’t know anyone here, so he won’t hear it from them.  We don’t have to hide that we’re together.”

          Despite my better judgement, hearing him describe us as together brightened my mood.  “Together?” I asked, fishing for more confirmation.

          “As a couple,” he clarified and stepped closer to me.  

          “So, I’m your girlfriend?” I asked as he leaned in to kiss me.

          He stopped so close that I could feel his breath on my lips as he spoke.  “Hell yes, you’re my girlfriend.”    

          “You didn’t ask if I want to be your girlfriend,” I teased, although I was dying for him to kiss me.

          “Do you...”  He kept moving closer by increments as spoke the words.  “Want…to be…my girlfriend, Lexie?”

          His lips were almost touching mine, and I was now desperate to feel them.  “Yes,” I breathed.

          “You didn’t ask if I want to be your boyfriend,” he said in a seductive voice.

          “Cade,” I said in a pleading tone.

          “Yes?” he responded in that soft, seductive tone and lightly grazed his lips over mine.

          The contact drove me wild, and I pressed myself against him as I kissed him hungrily.  He reacted with equal ardor and devoured my mouth until the whistles and catcalls around us ended my frenzy.  I pulled back, breathing hard and mortified that I had forgotten that we had an audience.

          “You didn’t even ask me to be your boyfriend,” Cade smirked.  “I feel so used.”

          “Let her use you,” Tyler urged as he came up beside Cade and leered at me.  “I would.”

          Cade’s eyes cut over to him and narrowed.  “No you won’t,” he warned.

          Tyler put his hands up in a placating gesture.  “Hey, I was just kidding.  I wouldn’t touch your girl.”

          “I wouldn’t let you touch me,” I told him with open dislike.

          He reacted with surprise to my unfriendly tone, and then his expression changed to annoyance.  “Don’t get mad at me.  How was I supposed to know that you had a crush on me?  If you would have said something, I would have—“

          “What?” I interrupted him.  “Cheated on your girlfriend?  That’s really—“

          “We should go,” Cade interrupted me.  “We’ve gotta get to class.”

          I was only too happy to walk away from Tyler, but he tagged along with us.  He and Cade began to talk about basketball practice, so I tuned them out.  When we entered the school, Tyler’s girlfriend found him and immediately spotted me.

          “Oh, hey,” she greeted me half-heartedly.

          “Hey,” I echoed.

          “I just found her and Cade going at it in the parking lot,” Tyler told her.

          “We were just kissing,” I clarified to tone down his suggestive gossip.

          That clearly didn’t improve her opinion of me.  “Isn’t Cade your stepbrother?”

          “Only since a week ago,” Cade snapped.  “She’s suddenly supposed to be my sister because our parents got married a week ago?  What if your mom married Tyler’s dad?  Would that make him your brother?”

          “Well, Tyler and I were already…” she began.  “Oh!” she exclaimed as if having an epiphany.  “You guys were already—“

          “Yeah,” Cade cut her off, “we were.”

          That wasn’t true, and I opened my mouth to contradict him, but he spoke first.  “We’ll see you guys later.”

          The warning bell rang as we parted from them.  “Why’d you tell her that?” I demanded.  “We weren’t dating before our parents got married.”

          “It sounds more romantic that way,” he answered.

          I halted as I gaped at him.  

          He smirked at me as he comprehended my expression.  “I know you’re not as romantic as I am, but we did have our first kiss before our parents got married.”

          Our first kiss was tainted by betrayal, so it was not a romantic memory for me.  Thinking about it triggered my guilt, and I pushed it away as I distanced myself from Cade.  “I’ll see you later,” I said before hurrying toward my first class and leaving him behind in the hallway.

          He immediately caught up to me.  “What’s wrong?  Why are you running away?”

          “I just don’t want to be late,” I replied.  “You better get to class too.”

          “Okay,” he said and abruptly stopped me in my tracks when he stepped in front of me.

         He gave me a quick peck on the lips before I even knew he intended to and hurried away.  As my gaze shifted from his retreating figure, I caught sight of Skylar.  She always looked away whenever we made eye contact, but this time she didn’t.  A look of scorn was on her face, and I glanced away from her in shame, lowering my eyes as I walked past her and into the classroom.  

          While engrossed in my burgeoning new feelings for Cade, I hadn’t considered anyone else’s feelings.  If Skylar had hated me before, she would surely despise me if I flaunted my relationship with Cade at school.  

          She made that abundantly clear when she sought me out at lunch while I was arguing with Cade.  He wanted me to sit at his table, and I insisted on staying at the table I had moved to after Skylar and I stopped being friends.

          “Why won’t you sit with me?” he demanded.

          “Why can’t I sit with my friends?” I retorted.  

          It was really a stretch to call these people my friends, but they weren’t unfriendly to me.  They didn’t exclude me from conversations, but our interactions remained casual and were limited to sitting together at lunch.  To be fair, I hadn’t made any special effort to befriend them either.  I was still mourning the loss of my friendship with Skylar, and I didn’t feel like I could have that kind of easy connection with anyone else.

            “I hope these friends don’t have boyfriends for you to steal,” Skylar proclaimed from behind me.

          I turned warily to look at her and saw that her contemptuous gaze was fixed on me.  “I was embarrassed,” she continued derisively.  “You went behind my back and stole my boyfriend, but I was embarrassed.  So I kept it a secret.”
          She then spoke to my lunch companions.  “But Lexie wasn’t embarrassed.  She said that she was sorry, but she moved in with him.  She said that she would do anything to get our friendship back, but I heard that she was making out in the parking lot with him in front of everyone this morning.”

          She smiled thinly.  “She hopes that I can forgive her and give her another chance though.”

          I could feel all their eyes on me as I stood rooted to the spot in humiliation and shame.  Skylar’s gaze returned to me.  “Nice clothes,” she commented.  “I guess it’s okay for you to change your look for a guy.  Whatever it takes, right?”

          “I like a cat fight as much as any other guy,” Cade remarked, “but you’re out of line.  For one thing, I was never your boyfriend.  We never even went out on one date.”

          She didn’t like being reminded of that, and her mouth compressed angrily.  Her response was to go on the attack.  “Why bother going on a date when you can just screw your new stepsister whenever you want?”

           He regarded her with a shrewd gaze.  “I wouldn’t screw you,” he threw out carelessly.  “Is that what the problem is?”

          Skylar’s face flamed, and I stepped up to Cade and spoke to him in a terse voice.  “Stop,” I commanded.  “Shut up and go back to your table.”  

          Skylar was already walking briskly away from us, and I turned to watch her.  She kept going and left the cafeteria, and I hurried after her.  I didn’t see her in the hallway, so I assumed that she had gone into the nearest bathroom.  My guess was correct, and I found her crying in front of the sinks. 

          “Skylar,” I began, wanting to comfort her.

          “Go away,” she yelled in a screaming sob.  “I hate you!”

          “I’m sorry,” I told her.  “He shouldn’t have said that.  And I know that I—“

          “He’s an asshole,” she shouted furiously.  Her next words were spoken in a more subdued but harder tone.  “You deserve each other.  The asshole and the conniving bitch.”

          She glanced up with her tear-stained face, and her gaze caught mine in the mirror.  “I used to feel so sorry for you, but the joke’s on me.  You got the guy I wanted, all brand new clothes, a new car, and I heard you even had a party at your new house.  That sure sounds like you’re sorry.”

           Swiping at her eyes, she took a shaky breath.  “You know what?  I’m done crying over this.  He’s not worth it, and you sure aren’t worth it.”

          She kept her back turned to me during those final words of contempt, and I felt like she had nothing more to say to me, so I slunk out of the bathroom with my head lowered in acknowledgement of my blame.

          I had left my uneaten lunch on the table in the cafeteria, but I now had no appetite for food.  I hadn’t planned to call my mom to come get me, but I went to the nurse and told her I was sick.  It wasn’t a lie.  My stomach was roiling with anxiety and guilt.

          “I knew I should have called you off,” Mom said when she picked me up.

          “I’m glad you didn’t,” I replied.  “Today made me realize something.  I think I want to transfer to that other school.”

          “Oh, that’s wonderful!” she exclaimed.  “It’ll be so much closer to home, and I really think you’ll like it there.”

          Whether or not I would like it there didn’t concern me.  It couldn’t be worse than facing Skylar’s hatred every day and knowing that I deserved it.  I told myself that I was doing this for her, because it would be awful for her to see me and Cade at school as a couple.  Deep down inside though, I knew that it was more for selfish reasons.

          Out of sight would be out of mind, and I could leave Skylar’s condemnation behind so it wouldn’t mar my relationship with Cade.  





























Chapter 29



          I began to sever all ties to my old life that day.  When I called off sick from work, I also gave my two weeks’ notice.  Keeping the job had made sense while I was driving out there to school anyway, but now it wouldn’t be worth driving there just for a part-time job.  I had a vague idea in my mind about finding another job closer to my new school, but it was just a thought at the moment.

          Like a coward, my main focus was on escaping the mess I had made.  Another casualty caused by my new relationship with Cade was my fledgling friendship with Jenna.  She called me after school that day and didn’t waste any time on small talk.

          “You could have told me,” she declared.  “You knew I would hear about it, so you could have told me yourself about you and Cade.”

          The truth was that I hadn’t even thought about Jenna since things had changed between Cade and me, but I didn’t let her know that.  “I’m sorry.  I wasn’t expecting anything to happen with Cade.”  That was true at least.

          “I was,” she said.  “I knew it as soon as I saw how jealous he got over you at the party.  He wanted you, so I knew that he would get you.  Cade can get any girl he wants.”

          I remembered having similar thoughts about him and resolving to deny him.  It bothered me to think that I had caved so quickly, but the situation was different now.  I had discovered that there was more to Cade than I had originally assumed.  His sentimental collection of maps in memory of his sister had proven that to me.

          Yet Jenna’s comment still troubled me.  Cade’s softer, sweeter side had won me over, and I didn’t want to dwell on my bad first impression of him.  I felt like we had gotten past our rough start, and I wanted to leave behind all the unpleasantness.

          “I can’t blame you,” she continued.  “Living with him…I mean there is just no way to resist that.”

          It was clear that she meant sex with Cade, and I tried to convince her otherwise.  “It’s not like that.  We just started dating, so we’re not…you know.”

          “It’ll happen soon,” she proclaimed.

          As I was about to deny that, she made a remark I didn’t expect from her.  “He’s not a manwhore.  He could be, but he’s not.  He didn’t cheat on me while we were together, and I haven’t heard anything about him hooking up with anyone since we broke up.  He’s actually the kind of guy who sticks with one girl.”

          While I was processing that, she added that she had seen our confrontation with Skylar.  “I can understand why she’s upset, but she’s wrong that you stole him from her.  He wouldn’t get with you if he wanted her.”

          She sighed, and her voice got thicker with emotion.  “He wouldn’t get with you if he wanted me either.  He doesn’t love me, and that’s not your fault.  But it hurts.”

          I could hear her crying now.  “It’s over.  It’s really over.  When I saw how crazy he got over you, I finally had to face it.”

          “I don’t blame you,” she sniffled as I wondered what I could possibly say to her.  “If I was in your shoes, I’d do the same thing.”

          She sighed deeply, and her voice was a bit stronger now.  “I really do like you, but I just can’t be friends with you.  Seeing you with Cade would be so...I just can’t.”

          “I understand,” I replied sadly, feeling bad for her and disappointed that I’d lost another friend.  “I’m transferring to another school, so I hope that helps.  You won’t have to see me around school with Cade much longer.”  

          “Oh,” she responded.  “Well, yeah, that will be easier.  For everyone I think.”

          The only person who didn’t like that idea was Cade.  I told him about it after he got home from basketball practice.  He had texted me earlier when he saw that I wasn’t in class after lunch, and I had replied that I’d had my mom take me home.  She had come with a member of the household staff who had then driven my car home for me.

          “I can’t believe you’re letting Skylar chase you away from school!” Cade exclaimed while we were talking in my room before dinner.  “She needs to fucking get over it.”

          His insensitivity to her feelings was a remnant of his former heartless attitude, and I didn’t like it.  “People can’t just switch off their emotions overnight.  She had a crush on you for years.  It’s not so easy to get over that.”

          “It’s just that I won’t see you all day,” he lamented.  “I thought we would be driving to school together and sitting together at lunch.  You could come to my games and cheer me on, and everyone would know that you’re my girl.”

          “I can still come to your games,” I told him.  “I don’t have to be a student there to go to the games.”

          “Yeah,” he agreed half-heartedly, “but it’s like we just got together and you’re already leaving me.”

          “I’m not leaving you,” I stressed, “I’m leaving school.  You and I are still together.  We freaking live together,” I said, gesturing around us with my arm.  “How much more together could we be?”

          A devious smirk transformed his expression from disappointed to naughty.  “Do you want me to show you?”

          I could feel my face warming as erotic thoughts of our bodies joining together fired up my imagination.  The memory of seeing him shirtless combined with my memory of him seeing me topless, and my mind put that together with us kissing to form one hot, arousing image.
          Cade’s gaze became heated.  “Come to my room,” he urged in a low, seductive voice.

          I was in such an erotic trance that the sound of my ringtone made me jump.  I snatched my phone up with startled quickness and answered in a shaky voice.  “Hello?”

          “Lexie,” Mom said, “I can’t believe I’m being so lazy, but I didn’t feel like walking up all those stairs.  Dinner’s ready.  Could you let Cade know too?”

          “Okay,” I replied.  “We’ll be right down.” 

           “That was my mom,” I explained to Cade.  “Dinner’s ready.”

          “I’m more interested in dessert,” he replied in a teasing tone and moved closer to me.  “I can’t wait,” he whispered in my ear.

          Heat suffused my entire body, and Cade lost his teasing expression when he pulled back to look at me.  His voice was hoarse when he spoke.  “Damn, we need to cool down.”  He stepped toward the door.  “Go down, and I’ll be there soon.”

          I began to pace around my room after he left.  What was I going to do now?  There was no doubt that I wanted Cade, but I didn’t want things to happen too fast like they had with Lucas.  Cade wasn’t Lucas, I reminded myself.  Even Jenna had said that he wasn’t a player.  Yet part of me still worried whether he really wanted more than sex with me.

          The only way to know for sure would be to postpone having sex until we were together longer, but that wasn’t going to be easy when we were spending every night in the same house.  I knew how important it was not to make a mistake though, because Cade was now permanently in my life.  I wouldn’t be able to avoid him if things went wrong between us, so I had to be careful not to give him everything until I knew it was right.



















Chapter 30



          We ate dinner in the spacious kitchen, which made it convenient for Lauren to serve the meal she had made.  I hadn’t expected to be able to eat much despite skipping lunch, but the food was so delicious that I ate everything off my plate—including the vegetables.  Cade helped himself to seconds.

          “The days when I could eat like that,” Robert said wistfully.  “Enjoy not counting calories while you can.”

          “I burn off a lot in practice,” Cade explained.  “Plus I do my own workouts too.” 

          “I’ll have to start working out too,” Mom said.  “I’m used to being on my feet all day, but I can see how easy it is to get lazy.  I called Lexie on the phone instead of walking upstairs to tell her that dinner was ready.”

          “We have a workout room in the basement,” Cade volunteered.

          “You do?” I questioned in surprise.  I hadn’t even known that they had a basement.

          “Or you can join my gym if you prefer,” Robert suggested.  “They have excellent amenities and personal trainers.”

          The thought of my mom having a personal trainer made me realize that she was now a woman with money.  She could actually afford to hire a personal trainer, which was a luxury that I associated with wealthy women.  Until now, I had only thought of Robert as a rich man, but now it really hit me that my mom had become a rich woman.

          “Lexie, you can join the gym as well if you want to,” Robert offered.

          “Uh, thanks,” I replied, still distracted by my new awareness of my mom’s change in financial circumstances.

          “Or you can use our workout room,” Cade told me.  “I’ll show it to you after dinner.”

          “Lexie has decided to transfer to Eastland Academy,” Mom told Robert with so much excitement that I wondered how she had even waited this long to tell him the news.

          He shared her enthusiasm.  “That’s wonderful, Lexie!  You’ve made the right choice for your future.  Their graduates attend some of the best colleges in the country.”

          That was true of any high school graduating class, but I didn’t argue the point.  My decision had nothing to do with my education, but I wasn’t about to tell Robert that.

          “What about my education?” Cade demanded.  “Do I get to choose my future?”

          Robert gave him an appraising look.  “I think you’ve earned it.  Would you like to transfer to Eastland as well?”

          “Hell no,” Cade replied.  “Their basketball team sucks.”

          Robert laughed.  “That’s because they don’t have you.”

          Cade grinned in response, and my own mood lifted.  Things at school had been awful today, but they were going very well at home.  We were all getting along great.  Cade seemed to have accepted my mom, and adapting to living here had been surprisingly easy.  It had turned out to be much better than I had anticipated when I first found out that I was going to be living with Cade.

          “Well then, is there another school you would like to transfer to?” Robert enquired.

          “No,” Cade answered.

          Robert regarded him with a mixture of amusement and exasperation.  “Then why bring it up?”

          “I just wanted to know that I could if I wanted to,” Cade replied.

          Robert responded with a laugh, but my mind snagged on that flippant answer.

          “You done, Lexie?” Cade asked me, even though I had finished eating before him.  “I can show you the workout room now.”

          “Okay,” I said in a subdued tone and went with him.

          The staircase to the basement was located at the end of the hallway outside the kitchen.  There was a door that opened onto a landing, and the stairs also went up to the upper floor.  We went down and emerged into a cavernous room.

          It looked nothing like any basement I had ever seen.  With its beautiful coffered wood ceiling, large bar set in front of a curved brick and glass wall behind which could be seen bottles of liquor, and a separate seating area containing easy chairs facing a fireplace, it looked like an upscale private club.  There was also a pool table down here.

          “This is dad’s place,” Cade remarked.  “My friends aren’t allowed down here.  Not that I invite them to my house,” he added.

          “Your friends were just here this weekend,” I reminded him.

          “That was the first time I invited them over,” he told me.  “My old friends used to come over a lot, but my public school friends haven’t ever been here before.”

          “Really?” I asked in astonishment.  “Why not?” 

          “I don’t go to their houses, and they don’t come to mine.  I didn’t want to emphasize the differences between where we live,” he explained.  “It would seem like I’m showing off.”
          “But you love showing off,” I exclaimed.

          He laughed at my tactless response.  “Only to certain people.  People who already have an attitude toward me,” he added.  “Like you.”

          “I don’t have an attitude toward you,” I denied.

          “You did,” he said.  “You acted like you couldn’t stand me when you didn’t even know me.”

          “You didn’t give me a good first impression,” I retorted.  “You asked Skylar out, but then you were trying to hook up with me too.”

           “I really wanted to ask you out instead, but I knew that you would turn me down,” he admitted.  “I thought that you might hook up with me in secret though.  That way you could still pretend to hate me in public.”

          “Why would I do that?” I questioned.  “Why would I want to act one way in public and another way in private?  Either I like you or I don’t.”

          “Some girls like to play games,” he replied.  “I know now that you don’t.”

          “What if I had hooked up with you?” I asked curiously.  “Would you still have gone out with Skylar?”

          “No,” he answered.

          I regarded him doubtfully.

          “I’m telling you the truth,” he insisted.  “I wouldn’t want to deal with that kind of drama.  Look at how she’s blowing everything out of proportion when I never even went out with her.  I can’t imagine what she would do if I had actually dated her.”

          “But why did you ask her out?” I questioned.  “And why did you want to ask me out?  Why would you ask her out if you wanted to ask me out instead?  And why would you if you saw I didn’t like you?”

          “That’s a lot of questions,” he remarked with an amused expression.  “Okay, why did I ask her out?  Because I saw that you didn’t want me to.  I did it to get a reaction out of you.  And why did I want to ask you out?” he continued before I could respond in outrage.  “Because you weren’t trying to get with me.  So many girls at that school want to go out with me because of who my dad is.  You didn’t give a shit about any of that.”

          “But I was always like that,” I said.  “You never tried to hook up with me before Skylar talked to you.”

           “I never paid much attention to you before,” he told me.  “Not until I saw how much you hated me even though I never did anything to you.  Why did you hate me anyway?”

           “I thought you would hurt Skylar,” I replied, “but I’m the one who did that.  Honestly, that’s why I’m changing schools, so I won’t have to feel guilty about being with you.”

          “I still don’t think that you have anything to feel guilty about,” he said, “but anything that makes it easier for you to be with me is a good thing.”

          His gaze conveyed anticipation as he moved closer to me, but I sidestepped him.  “So you like me because I didn’t like you?” I queried.

          “I was interested in you because you didn’t like me,” he clarified.  “I like you because you’re real and honest.  You don’t lie to people to get what you want.”  

          “Do you?” I asked bluntly.

          “I’m honest,” he said.  “Sometimes too honest, I guess.  People’s feelings get hurt, but I tell it like it is.”

          “So tell me what this is,” I urged.  “What am I to you?”

          “You’re my girlfriend,” he answered.  “I thought we already talked about this.”

          “Your girlfriend,” I repeated.  “Does that mean that it’s more than just sex?”

          “Yes, Lexie,” he assured me.  “I could have gotten that from Taylor if that’s all I wanted, but I like you.  I like being with you, and…I can talk to you.  I’ve never talked to anyone else about my sister.”  

          That topic was more serious than what kind of relationship we had, and a bit of melancholy set in.  Cade forced some cheer into his voice.  “Let me show you the workout room.”

          I followed him into another sizable room, but it had a completely different atmosphere than the tasteful and warm ambiance of the bar area.  The workout room looked the most like an actual basement with its stark white walls, but it was brightly lit and spacious enough that all the exercise equipment didn’t look crammed together.  I saw a treadmill, an elliptical machine, an exercise bike, and various weight training machines along with a row of dumbbells against one wall.

          “Wow,” I commented.  “This is like your own private gym.”

          “It is,” he agreed.  “We can hang a TV on the wall if you want.  I just listen to music when I’m down here, but you can watch TV if you like.  Or you can join the gym if you want a personal trainer.”

          “Or I can be your personal trainer,” he offered with a naughty smile.  “I’ll make sure you have a good workout.”

          “I’ll give you a good workout,” I flirted back.

          “I’m counting on it,” he said and stepped close with his gaze locked on me.

          “Cade,” I said hesitantly, “remember when you promised that we could go slow?”
          His gaze softened in response to my question.  “It’s okay.  We’ll go as slow as you want.”

          His response brought a happy smile to my face, and he smiled back at me.  “I want to take you on a date,” he declared.  “That reminds me.”  He pulled out his phone.  “Cancel your date with Brandon.  You’re going out with me.”

          I gladly complied and called Morgan to get Brandon’s number.  Once I actually started speaking to him, I felt a little bad about disappointing him, but I didn’t hesitate to cancel the date.

          “I kind of expected it after Taylor told me that Cade turned her down,” he replied.  “And he was acting all possessive over you at the party.  You guys are together, huh?”

          “Yeah,” I answered, although I wasn’t sure about telling people in the neighborhood.  “I’m sorry.”

          “So am I,” he said.  “I think you’re making a mistake, but whatever.”

          “I’m sorry,” I repeated, not knowing what else to say and wanting to end the conversation.  “Um…bye.”

          “Yeah, bye,” he responded.

          I immediately hung up in relief and handed the phone back to Cade.  “I don’t know if I should have told him that we’re together,” I said anxiously.

          “He needed to know so that he’ll back off,” Cade stressed in a hard tone.

          “But he knows your dad.  What if he tells him?” I worried.

          “He won’t,” Cade said confidently.  “We don’t snitch on each other.”

          “But you’re not friends anymore,” I reminded him.  “What if he tells on you for revenge for getting me to go out with you instead of him?”

          “He won’t,” Cade assured me.  “He’ll fight me if he has a problem with me, but he won’t go to my dad.  That’s not how we do things.”   

          That didn’t sound much better.  “Don’t fight,” I pleaded.

          “I won’t,” he promised.  “Not unless he starts something first.”

          I didn’t think he would, since he hadn’t seemed that upset about me calling off our date.  I dropped the subject of Brandon and focused on Cade.  “So where are we going for our date?”

           “I haven’t decided yet,” he admitted.  “Where do you want to go?”

          “I don’t know,” I said.  “Wherever you want to go.”

          He smiled wryly.  “Okay, I’ll think of something.”
          “Don’t make it too fancy,” I requested suddenly.

         He gave me a bewildered look.  “Oka-ay,” he responded, drawing out the word in bafflement.  “You don’t feel like dressing up?”

          I was remembering the night I had lost my virginity to Lucas.  He had gone all out for our date—arriving at my door with a bouquet of red roses, taking me to an expensive restaurant in a limo, dressing up in a suit.  We had shared a decadent piece of chocolate cake for dessert, and we had kissed passionately in the back of the limo on the way home.  When we arrived, I saw that we were at his house but didn’t say anything while he was tipping the driver.

          The limo was already pulling away when I voiced my concern.  Lucas said that he had a surprise for me and led me into the house where we followed a trail of rose petals to his bedroom.  It was filled with pink balloons floating against the ceiling, and I exclaimed in delight.

          “Lexie,” he said hesitantly, “I think I…”

          “What?” I prompted him.

          He looked down at the ground in seeming shyness.  “I just really like you.”

          “I like you too,” I told him.  “So much!”

          Then I worried about scaring him away by admitting my growing feelings for him.  “Um, this is amazing.  I can’t believe you did all this for me.”

          “You’re worth it,” he told me as he looked at me and gazed into my eyes.

          It was like being in a romantic dream, and everything seemed perfect when he kissed me.  Being with him felt so right that I didn’t hesitate to give myself to him that night.  His parents weren’t home, so no one was there to ruin the illusion of perfection.  Even afterwards, he played the perfect boyfriend as he took me home in a cab and cuddled with me in the backseat.  When he walked me to my door, I almost told him that I loved him.

          Thankfully, I didn’t, so I was spared that humiliation at least.  I pushed the memory away as I answered Cade.  “No dressing up, no flowers, nothing fancy.  Let’s just go out and have fun.”

            He smiled at me in amusement.  “You’re sure not like other girls.  Okay,” he agreed with enthusiasm, “we’ll have fun!”

          I hoped that we would, but I would certainly be more cautious in this relationship than I had been in my first one.  I wasn’t going to be fooled again.  






Chapter 31



          Everything was being set in motion quickly.  This would be my last week at this school, and I would be starting at Eastland on the following Monday.  Morgan called me back the same day I called her to get Brandon’s number.  She heard from her sister that I had cancelled my date with him and wanted to know if I was okay.

          We ended up talking for an hour as I admitted my doubt over my new relationship with Cade and she confessed her obvious crush on Logan.  Morgan was still innocent and naïve enough to believe that true love would conquer anything.  She thought that my forbidden relationship with Cade was romantic and exciting.  

          “I know that Taylor has had a crush on him since they were kids,” she told me, “but I think she belongs with Brandon.  They’ve been best friends their whole lives, and they tell each other everything.  I don’t know why she doesn’t see how perfect they are for each other.  If she would just stop obsessing over Cade…”

        Morgan was equally hopeful and hopeless about her own obsession with Logan.  “I can’t believe I threw up on him!” she wailed.  “I thought he would hate me, but he’s been so nice, but he’s always so great so what did I expect?  He’s just the best guy ever, and I know I probably don’t have a chance with him, but maybe in a few years he’ll see me as…you know, a woman, and maybe he’ll be interested in me.  Do you think it could happen?”

          “It’s possible,” I answered carefully, trying to neither discourage nor encourage her.  “You just don’t know how things will turn out.”

          “Do you think he’d be more, I don’t know, intrigued with me if I lost my virginity?”

          “What?” I squeaked.

          “Well, Taylor has been saving herself for Cade, and that hasn’t worked,” she explained.  “Logan acts all flirty with me sometimes, but he mostly treats me like a kid.  So I was thinking that if I lose my virginity I’ll know how to act sexier, and he’ll see me in a different way.”

          “No,” I exclaimed in dismay.  “Your first time should be special, and it should be with someone you love.”

          “I love Logan,” she stated, “but I can’t get him to be my first if he treats me like a kid.”

          “Then wait until you’re older,” I urged.  “He won’t always see you as a kid.  You’re going to grow up.”

          “But what if some other girl gets him first?  Logan’s an amazing guy, and lots of girls want him.  If he falls in love with someone else, waiting for him won’t do me any good.  I’d rather try to do something now.”

          I tried to think of an alternative that didn’t involve her throwing away her virginity in an effort to gain sex appeal.  “Have you talked to him?” I asked.  “Maybe you should tell him you like him.”

          “No,” she exclaimed.  “I can’t!  But…maybe you could talk to him for me.  Don’t tell him I like him,” she quickly stressed.  “Just find out what kind of girls he likes.  Does he want someone more…experienced or more of a shy girl?  Be subtle about it though.”

           I couldn’t imagine how I could ask that in a subtle way, but I agreed to talk to him in order to forestall her crazy plan to rid herself of her virginity.  Since I was working the rest of the week, I went to speak to him that very evening.  I asked Cade to show me which house was his, but I insisted on going in alone.  I had already told him that I needed to talk to Logan about Morgan, but I didn’t tell him the details of our conversation.

          The Cade residence did have a gate, and I had to speak into an intercom as a security camera revealed me to whoever I was talking to.  I told the man my name, and that I was here to see Logan Cade.  After a moment, I was told to enter as the gate opened for me.  Logan was waiting for me outside when I arrived at his mansion after walking down the long driveway.

          “Lexie,” he greeted me “I’ll give you my number so I can come get you next time.”

          “I’m just down the street from you,” I reminded him.

          “It gets dark early at this time of year,” he noted.  “You shouldn’t be walking alone in the dark.”

          “Now you sound like Cade,” I remarked.  “Anyway, he walked me here, but I made him leave.”

          “An excellent decision,” he commented with his movie star smile.  “Come in,” he urged and opened the door to usher me inside. 

          It was just as grand and spectacular as Cade’s mansion and Morgan’s mansion, but Logan was so down-to-earth and easygoing that I felt as comfortable and at ease as when I was home at our old apartment.  Despite the grandeur around us, it was easy to forget that Logan was wealthy.  We sat in the kitchen so we could “raid the fridge and have a heart to heart in the heart of the house” as he put it.

          “People relax and bond while sharing meals together,” he told me.  “Most social interactions involve sharing food—holidays, dates, weddings, even funerals.”

          “I never thought of it that way,” I replied, “but I guess that’s true.”

          “So what are we going to share?” he questioned as he peered into the fridge.  “How about sandwiches?”

          “Sandwiches are fine,” I answered, although I wasn’t sure I’d like whatever kind of fancy sandwiches rich people ate.

          “Bologna or turkey?” he asked.  “It looks like we’re out of ham.”

          I smiled in amusement at the choices that revealed the fallacy of my preconceptions.  “Bologna.”
         “Good choice,” he praised me.  “We should wait until Thanksgiving to eat turkey.” 

          He took out the bologna meat, cheese, and mustard from the fridge and grabbed a frying pan from the cabinet.  “You’re frying it?” I questioned in surprise.

          “Don’t tell me you’ve never had a fried bologna sandwich,” he exclaimed.

           “We always just ate them cold,” I told him.

            He gasped in mock horror.  “You poor, deprived child.  You don’t know what you’ve been missing.”  

          I watched as he made a slit in each piece of bologna before placing it in the pan.  “It’ll keep it flat,” he explained before going to the pantry to get bread.

          “Want me to do anything?” I asked.

         “Help yourself to whatever you want to drink out of the fridge,” he replied.  “Get me a Coke, please.”

          I grabbed one for me too and set them on the counter next to the bread.  Logan took out two plates and flipped the meat with a spatula before setting a slice of cheese on each piece.  “Put however much mustard you want on your bread,” he instructed, and slather some on mine too.”

          I had the bread ready on the plates when he placed the fried bologna with the melted cheese on them.  We took our plates and drinks and sat down at the table.  I took a sip of my Coke as I waited for my sandwich to cool a little.

          “So Morgan likes you,” I blurted as Logan picked up his sandwich.

          “I know,” he said.  “She’s had a crush on me since she was twelve years old.  It’s sweet.”  He bit into his sandwich.  “Mmm,” he mumbled, “so good.”

          “Do you like her back?” I questioned.

          He finished chewing.  “Sure I like her, but not like that.  She’s a little young for me.”

          “You flirt with her,” I said.  “I’ve seen it.”

          “Because it makes her happy,” he replied.  “She loves when I flirt with her.”

         “Because she loves you,” I retorted.

          He scoffed in response to my revelation.  “She has a crush on me.  It’s puppy love.”

          “It’s more than that,” I insisted.  “She’s so scared that you’ll fall in love with someone else that…”  I trailed off and abruptly took a big bite of my sandwich to stop myself from blurting out everything that Morgan had told me not to.  It tasted so good that it momentarily distracted me from my concerns.
          Logan, however, now looked concerned.  “That what?” he prompted.  “What’s going on with Morgan?”

          “Well, she wants to know what kind of girl you like, shy or sexy,” I replied awkwardly, having failed to broach the subject in a subtle way.

          He relaxed and smiled in amusement.  “So she’ll act sexy around me if that’s what I say I like?”

         “No,” I told him.  “She’ll go lose her virginity to some random guy to gain sexual confidence.”

          Logan stared at me and then exploded.  “What?  You can’t be serious!  That’s crazy!”

          “I know,” I agreed.

          “Who told her to do that?” he demanded.  “Was it Taylor?”

          “I don’t think so,” I said.  “I think she came up with the idea on her own.”

          “No she didn’t,” he insisted.  “Morgan is sweet and innocent.  She would never—“

          “Think about having sex?” I cut in.  “She’s not twelve years old anymore.  Anyway, aren’t you only a year older than her?”

          “I,” he began in bewilderment and paused.  “I guess so, but she’s always seemed younger than that, probably because Taylor always treated her like an annoying little sister.  And I always felt older than the rest of them anyway.”  

          He ran a hand through his hair in agitation.  “You have to stop her,” he beseeched me.

          “You probably just got grease in your hair,” I remarked.  “Anyway, how do you expect me to stop her?”

          He drummed his fingers on the table.  “Tell her I like shy girls.”

          “You need to tell her you’re not interested in her,” I said decisively.  “Stop flirting with her and stringing her along.”

          “I’m not,” he denied.  “At least I didn’t think I was.  I thought I was making her happy.”

          “Giving her false hope is not making her happy,” I told him.  “You’re keeping her from getting over you and giving someone else a chance.”

          “Someone else,” he repeated.  “I don’t want her to go out with someone else.”

          “Why?” I questioned in dismay.  “You just told me you don’t like her in that way.”

          “She’s special.  I don’t want her going out with just any guy.  When she gets older, she can find someone decent, but I don’t trust these high school guys.”
          “Aren’t you a high school guy?” I retorted.

          “Not anymore,” he replied.  “I graduated last June, and I’m taking a year off before college.”

          “You were a senior?” I questioned.  “I thought you were the same age as Cade.”

          “I skipped a couple of years,” he said.  “Do you really think that now’s a good time for me to upset Morgan?  If she’s already talking about having sex with some guy, don’t you think she might go through with that plan to try to make me jealous or something?”

          “So you’re really smart,” I mused, “if you graduated two years early.”

          “Will you stay on topic please?” he requested impatiently.  “How do you think Morgan will react?”

          “I don’t know,” I answered.  “You’ve known her longer than I have.”  

          He got up and took several steps away from the table, his sandwich forgotten.  His movements were tense and agitated.  When he suddenly spun around and stalked back toward me, there was desperation in his voice when he spoke his demand.  “Tell her I like shy girls.”

          Instead of arguing further, I agreed.  “Okay, I will, but now I’m curious.  What kind of girls do you really like?”

          “I don’t think you can generalize it like that,” he said.  “I think that certain people have more appealing personalities.”

          “But physical attraction is important,” I stated, “otherwise you’re just friends.”

          “Yes,” he agreed, “but it has to be more than physical attraction to last.”

          All of a sudden, I wasn’t talking about his preference in girls anymore.  “I’m attracted to Cade,” I blurted, “but I don’t know if we have anything more than that.”   

          “You’re together?” he questioned.

          “We just started dating,” I replied.

          He sighed.  “Are you asking for my advice?”

          Until he put the question to me, I hadn’t realized that I was.  “Yes.”

          “That’s a tricky situation.  I would say break it off now before it gets too complicated, but you’re probably not going to do that.  So I guess the only other advice I have is to make sure you have more than physical attraction before it goes too far.”

          “Because honestly, Lexie,” he continued, “this has the potential to turn into a big mess that’ll affect your whole family.”   

          He was right.  Until now, I had only thought of the consequences to Cade and me, because I hadn’t really been thinking of us as part of a family.  “You promised to make me feel better,” I lamented.  “You said I could come here to escape my problems, but you’re making me feel worse.”

          “I actually said that you could come here to escape Cade, but I guess that’s the same thing,” he quipped.  “Okay then, no more serious talk.  It’s time to make you feel better.  Eat that damn sandwich!”

          He sat back down and began to enthusiastically bite into his, so I did the same, albeit taking smaller bites.  I had already eaten dinner, but I supposed that I was making up for the lunch I hadn’t eaten.

          “So what are you doing with your year off?” I asked.

          “Traveling the world,” he answered.  “I’m back here for a couple of months, because my parents want me home for the holidays and my mom’s birthday, which is next week.”

          I looked at him in wonder, having never known anyone who had the luxury of doing that.  “Where have you been so far?”

          “Europe,” he answered, “and Russia.  I definitely wanted to make sure I got to Russia over the summer rather than the winter.”

          “Which countries in Europe did you go to?” I questioned excitedly, because that was somewhere I had dreamed of going.

          “All of them,” he said.  “England, Spain, Italy, Greece, France, Ireland, Sweden, Norway, Holland, Switzerland, Poland, Roman—“

          “Do you have pictures?” I cut in, interrupting his astounding list of places.

          He got up and washed his hands at the kitchen sink before pulling out his phone.  “That reminds me, I have to give you my number.”

          I washed my hands too before touching my phone and saving his number in my contacts, and giving him my number as well.  He then led me to the living room and sat beside me on the couch as I scrolled through the pictures on his phone.  Most of them were of places, and he was barely in any of them.

          “Who did you go with?” I queried.

          “By myself,” he answered, causing me to gape at him.

          As thrilling as the thought of traveling the world was, I couldn’t imagine doing it alone.  “There’s nobody who could go with you?” I asked, feeling bad for him.

          “Are you volunteering?” he questioned in a flirty tone.  “We could run away together, and I could show you the world.”

            That would be a romantic dream come true, and it was being offered to me by a movie star gorgeous guy that was also intelligent enough to graduate two years early.  “How do you not have a girlfriend?” I exclaimed in astonishment.  “You’re one of the most gorgeous guys I’ve ever seen, and you’re a genius.”

           “I’m not a genius,” he corrected me.  “I’m just accelerated.”

          “But,” he continued, resuming his flirty tone, “does that mean you want to run away with me?  I’m going to Australia next, and then Indonesia and Asia.”  

           “I would love to hold a koala bear,” I gushed.

          He laughed.  “That’s all you want to do with me?  I guess I’m in the friend zone.”

          I couldn’t tell if he was just joking or if there had been any real interest behind his flirting.  “See?  This is why you confuse Morgan with your flirting,” I admonished him.  “I can’t tell if you want me or not.”

          I hadn’t meant to put it quite so bluntly, and I blushed in embarrassment.  Fortunately, my phone rang and created a distraction.  I saw Cade’s name on the screen as I quickly answered it.  “Hello?”

          “What the hell are you doing?” he demanded.

          “Looking at pictures,” I began.  “Logan went to—“

          “I’m at the gate,” he snapped tersely, interrupting my answer.  “Tell him to let me in.”

          He hung up on me, and I opened my mouth as I glanced at Logan.

          “I heard,” he told me before I could say anything and grabbed his phone out of my lap.  Swiping at the screen and bringing it to his ear, he spoke to someone named Mike and instructed him to open the gate for Cade.

          “He was never this possessive about Taylor,” he remarked to me after he got off the phone.  “Then again, he knew that she didn’t want anyone but him.”

          His comment gave me an idea, and I began to scheme as we walked outside to meet Cade. 









Chapter 32


    
          Cade was really annoyed and suspicious.  “What the hell were you doing with him for two hours?”

          “Having sex,” I replied blithely.  “What’d you think we were doing?”

          He stopped the car in the middle of Logan’s driveway and turned to glare at me.  “That’s not funny.”

          “I think it’s hilarious,” I retorted, although I certainly wasn’t in the mood to laugh.  “You think that I would have sex with a guy I barely know when I haven’t even had sex with you.”

          “I didn’t think that,” he denied.  “I thought maybe he kissed you or something.”

          “And you think I would let him?” I demanded.

          “Did he try to kiss you?” Cade asked without acknowledging my offended exclamation.

          “No, he did not try to kiss me,” I snapped at him.  “I told you I was coming here to talk to him about Morgan.”

          “You have to admit he was flirting with you at the party,” he said defensively.  

         “So what?  Taylor was just trying to get back together with you yesterday,” I reminded him.  “Does that mean you’ll fall into her arms?”

          “No,” he replied.

          “Then don’t assume that I’m going to fall into Logan’s arms either,” I said.  “Trust me like I’m trusting you.”

          “Okay, okay,” he agreed.  “But was he—“

          “Cade,” I interjected warningly, and he shut up.  So I relented a little.  “I think he likes Morgan.”

          “I know she likes him,” Cade said dubiously, “but he doesn’t seem to take it seriously.”

          “Exactly,” I agreed, “but he sure doesn’t want her to be with anyone else.  I don’t think he realizes his real feelings for her.”

          He shrugged in response and resumed driving.  Discussing Logan and Morgan had brought my scheme back to the forefront of my mind, and I started brimming with excitement over it.  I almost shared it with Cade, but I decided that it was better to keep it a secret between us girls.  

          “I’ve gotta call Morgan,” I proclaimed as soon as we arrived home, and I scrambled out of the car.

          “Wait,” Cade called after me.  “I don’t think you should tell her that.”

          I stopped and turned to face him, wondering if he could have somehow figured out my plan.  “Tell her what?” I questioned.

          “Your theory about Logan liking her,” he answered.  “What if you’re wrong?  And even if it’s true, he might never do anything about it.  He’ll be going to college, and she still has three years of high school.  Don’t get her hopes up for nothing.”

           I was too excited about my plan to heed his advice, but I tried to hide my intent.  “Okay, but I promised to call her after I got home from his house, and I better do it before it gets too late to call.”

          “Lexie, Cade,” Mom called to us as she approached from the other side of the garage.  “I saw your car pull in.  Is everything okay?”

          “Everything’s fine,” I replied.  “I was looking at pictures with Logan, and I lost track of time.”

          “I’d like to meet him before you see him again,” she told me.

          “Mom!” I protested.  “He’s just a friend.”

          “Regardless,” she said, practically dismissing my assertion of friendship.  “I’d still like to meet him.”

          “Fine,” I agreed grudgingly.

         “Don’t take that attitude with me,” she admonished me.  “I shouldn’t have even let you leave the house since you came home sick from school.”

          “I’m sorry,” I said.  “It’s just that everybody’s making a big deal over nothing.”

          “Who’s everybody?” she asked in confusion.

          I couldn’t tell her that Cade was making a big deal about it too.  “Just, uh, Morgan,” I lied.  “She likes him, and I’m actually trying to help her with that.  I should call her before it gets too late.”  I wanted to add a snide question about whether Mom wanted to meet her too, but I was eager to talk to Morgan.

          To hurry things along, I gave Mom a quick hug.  “Goodnight.”

          “Did you thank Cade for picking you up?” she enquired.

          I glanced at him.  “Thanks.”

          “Okay,” I continued before either of them could speak again, and I was already starting to pivot my body away from them.  “Goodnight.  See you in the morning.”

          “Goodnight,” Mom replied this time.

          Cade quickly caught up to me but waited until we were upstairs before speaking to me.  “That’s it?  You’re not even gonna give me a goodnight kiss?”

          I glanced around nervously to make sure that we were alone.  “I couldn’t kiss you in front of my mom.”

          He smiled provocatively.  “She’s not here now.”

          I halted in front of my door, but he was pressing me up against it in the next instant.  He smothered my surprised gasp with a demanding kiss, his tongue immediately delving into my mouth and taking control.  I yielded at first but then wrenched my mouth away from his.

          My eyes darted around in panic.  “What are you doing?  Our parents might see us.” 

          He seemed to come back to his senses.  “You’re right.  I wish that we could just…”  He trailed off, his frustration evident on his face.  “I just want to kiss my girlfriend,” he added.

          “You can,” I told him.  “We just have to be careful.  Like be inside the room where they can’t see us,” I teased.

          “Come to my room after you get ready for bed,” he suggested, albeit in a neutral tone.

          “You’re so confusing sometimes,” I complained.  “If you mean what I think you mean, then—“

          “Whatever you want,” he interjected.  “We don’t have to go any further than kissing.”

          That sounded tempting, but I remembered my resolve to take it slow.  “We haven’t even had our first date yet.  I want us to date before I start sneaking into your room.”

          He gave me a searching look.  “You haven’t changed your mind about me?”

          I looked at him in bewilderment.  “What do you mean?”

         “You were gonna go out with Brandon, but then you changed your mind.  Have you changed your mind about me now that you like Logan?”

          It took a few seconds for my confusion to clarify into anger.  “You think I just jump from guy to guy?  Today it’s you, tomorrow it’s someone else?  Why would you even want to go out with me if that’s what you think?”

          “I don’t think that,” he denied.  

          I cut him off before he could continue.  “No, I haven’t changed my mind about you, but you’re making me think maybe I should.  Now goodnight already.  I have to call Morgan.”

          I entered my room and closed the door in Cade’s face.  Locking it to make sure he stayed out, I plopped down on my bed and called Morgan.  I told her about my visit with Logan, and that I thought he liked her.
          “Forget about your plan,” I said.  “I have a better one.”    













































Chapter 33



          Morgan was mortified that I had told Logan about her plan to have sex with another guy, but I assured her that she could use that to her advantage.  “Now that it’s in his mind, you don’t actually have to do it.  It’s enough for him to think that you might.”

          “So, that’s it?” she asked.  “You think that he’ll suddenly ask me out because you told him that?”

          “No,” I replied.  “You have to pretend like you’re giving up on him.  I’m going to tell him that I told you he doesn’t like you back.  You’re going to be upset for the rest of the week.  If he calls you, don’t answer your phone.”

          “But what if he wants to ask me out?” she questioned in dismay.

          “He won’t,” I said.  “Not yet,” I added to soften the sting.  “He’ll just be checking up on you to make sure I went along with his plan.  He’ll probably call me when he can’t get a hold of you, and that’s when I’ll tell him I told you to stop wasting your time on him.”

          “What if he doesn’t care?” she queried anxiously.

          “He’ll care,” I assured her, although I wasn’t completely sure this would work.  It was still better than her plan, so I had no qualms about talking her into this.  “You can’t cave though, or it will ruin everything.  You have to make him believe this is real.”

          “Then I start dating other guys?” she asked uncertainly.

          “That’s the tricky part,” I answered.  “I wish you weren’t already so beautiful.  It would be so much more dramatic if we could do an amazing makeover on you and make him do a double take.”

          She laughed but didn’t make a self-depreciating remark of false modesty.  She knew that she was pretty, although she wasn’t conceited about it.  That made me realize that she most certainly had gotten attention from other guys, but she had probably turned them down because of her fixation on Logan.

          “Don’t pick a nice guy,” I said.  “If someone has a crush on you, you don’t want to break his heart.  You need a player, someone who just goes from one girl to the next.  Do you know anyone like that?”

          “I sure do,” she replied.  “He’s been trying to get in my pants for ages.”

          “Every school has at least one of those,” I remarked bitterly.  “But if you don’t want to deal with him, I can set you up with a guy from my school.  That way you won’t ever have to see him again after this is over.”

          “Oh, I can handle Blaine,” she said with a confidence I found intriguing.  Maybe she was only shy around Logan.

          I tittered.  “Blaine?  That sounds like such a rich boy name.”  Then I remembered that Morgan was rich.  “Uh, I mean…”  I trailed off since I couldn’t think of a way to extricate my foot from my mouth.

         Morgan was laughing softly.  “I know what you mean, and he does fit that spoiled rich boy stereotype.”

          “Okay,” I acknowledged quickly, eager to get past my blunder.  “So, you’ll spend this week being upset, and then next week you’ll be ready to get over Logan and decide that you’re ready to give other guys a chance.  Then we’ll make it known that this guy, Blaine, has been asking you out, and you’ve finally said yes.”

          “How long do I have to go out with him?” she questioned.

          “Hopefully you won’t even have to go out with him at all,” I answered.  “Cade made me cancel my date with Brandon, so I’m hoping that’s what Logan will do when he finds out about your date with Blaine.”

          “So that was just about making Cade jealous?” she enquired.

          The question startled me.  “No,” I denied.  “At least I don’t think it was,” I added uncertainly.  “Brandon seemed fun, and I just wanted to go out and have fun after all the drama.”

          “What drama?” she asked.

          I hesitated for a moment, but then I confided in her.  I wasn’t sure why I decided to expose something so unflattering about myself to my new friend.  Maybe I wanted her to drop me before I became attached to her friendship and felt its loss.

          I even prompted her to do it.  “If you don’t want to be my friend, I’ll understand.  I was a terrible friend to Skylar.”

          “You were,” she agreed.

          I felt humiliation wash over me at her blunt confirmation of it.

          “There’s only one thing I need to know,” she said.  “Can I trust you with Logan?”

          Her words broke through my depressing expectation of her cold shoulder.  “Yes,” I exclaimed eagerly.  “I swear you can!  I’ll prove it to you, I—“

          She cut off my pleading assurances.  “Don’t make promises you can’t keep.  Think about it first.  I need you to be sure.  Do you feel any attraction to him at all?  Will you be able to resist him if he flirts with you?”

          I wanted to deny any attraction to him, but that would be a lie.  “He’s very attractive,” I admitted anxiously, “but I swear to you that I would never do that to you.  Skylar hates me now, and it’s awful.  I wouldn’t want to lose another friend over a guy.  It’s not worth it.”

          She didn’t respond right away, and I felt my heart sink like a stone during her silence.  Losing the tentative bond I had begun to form with her hurt more than I had expected.  Her judgement of me stung, and I realized that it was because I agreed with Logan that Morgan was special.  Being deemed unworthy to be her friend made me feel really bad about myself.

          “Thank you for being honest,” she said.  “I wouldn’t have been able to trust you if you lied about being attracted to him.  It’s still not going to be easy, but I believe that everyone deserves a second chance.  I think you’ve changed and learned from your mistakes.  I have to tell you though that I’ll never forgive you if kiss Logan.  Never.”

         I barely dared to hope.  “Are you saying…”

         “I’m saying we’re friends unless you prove we aren’t,” she told me.

         “We’re friends,” I insisted with growing excitement.  “I promise that I’m going to do everything I can to help you get Logan.”

          “Thanks,” she replied, “but it doesn’t mean we won’t be friends if he doesn’t like me.  As long as you don’t ever kiss him, we’ll be okay.”

          “I promise,” I assured her.  “Anyway, I’ve got enough to worry about dealing with Cade.”  I launched into an account of his behavior this morning at school and in the hallway outside my bedroom door, leaving out the part about his jealousy over the time I spent with Logan.  “I’m afraid we’re gonna get caught.  I don’t know what our parents would do if they found out.”

          “Be careful,” she advised.  “I don’t think you have to worry about it in the parking lot at school, but at home…”

          “I know,” I agreed.  “That’s what I’ve been telling him.  It’ll be okay to act like a couple when we go on our date, but—“

          “Ooh!” she interrupted excitedly.  “Is that going to be your first date?  Where are you going?”

          “I don’t know,” I replied.  “I told him I want to do something fun.”

          “Like what?” she asked.

          “I don’t know,” I answered.  “I just don’t want it to be anything fancy and too romantic.”

          “Too romantic?” she enquired in surprise.  “Why not?  What’s wrong with romance?”

          I’d had enough confessions for one conversation.  “I don’t want to talk about that right now.  I should let you go anyway.  It’s getting late, and we have school tomorrow.”

          “Okay,” she said, “but let me know if you talk to Logan again.  Are you still coming over on Sunday?”

          “Yes,” I answered, “and I’ll call you if I talk to Logan.  Are you going to try my plan?”
          “Yes,” she replied.  “I have to try something before he leaves again.  Are you sure I shouldn’t answer if he calls me?”

          “I’m sure,” I told her.  “He needs to know he can’t just string you along like that.”

          “Okay,” she agreed dubiously.  “My way hasn’t worked, so I’ll try it your way.”

          To my surprise, my plan had an immediate effect on Logan.  When I checked my phone during my break the next afternoon at work, there was a text message and a voicemail from him as well as one from Morgan.  I listened to hers first.

          “Oh my God!” her voice exclaimed on the message.  “Logan has called me four times!  He texted me first, and then he started calling me when I didn’t answer his texts.  He even called Taylor, and I had to pretend like I was upset about him not liking me.  She’s so mad at you for telling me that!  I’m sorry.  I didn’t want to involve her in this, but she wouldn’t leave me alone until I told her.”

          I sent her a quick text.  It’s ok.  Plan is working great.  Keep it going

         I then read Logan’s text and listened to his voicemail message, both of which berated me for upsetting Morgan.  He was still angry when I called him.  “Why did you tell her that?” he demanded.

          “Because it’s the truth,” I replied.  “I didn’t want to lie to her about you liking shy girls.  That would just give her false hope.”

          “You upset her!” he exclaimed.  “She won’t even talk to me.”

          “She’ll get over it,” I said.  “It’s just puppy love,” I couldn’t resist adding.  “I’ve gotta get back to work now.  My break’s almost over.”

          “I can’t believe that you don’t care about her feelings,” he lambasted me.  “I thought you were her friend.”

          “I am her friend,” I retorted, “and I want her to get over you and be happy.  It’s not fair for you to keep stringing her along when you don’t want to be with her.”

          I hung up on him then and went to the bathroom before going back to work to finish my shift.  Logan was very upset over Morgan, and I didn’t think he would be if he didn’t have strong feelings for her.  I just hoped that he would realize that soon before she had to go any further with this charade.

          My own love life was working out much better.  Cade texted me to call him as soon as I got off work.  When I did, he told me the plan for our date.  “We’re going to Medieval Times on Friday.  I told my dad I’m taking you there to cheer you up because Brandon cancelled your date.” 

         Now that he mentioned it, I vaguely recalled mentioning my date with Brandon to my mom.  It was clever of Cade to use that as an excuse to take me out.  “Good thinking, but what is Medieval Times?” I questioned.

          “It’s a dinner show with guys on horses pretending to be knights,” he explained.  “I hope that’s okay for our date.”

          “I’ve never heard of it, but it sounds like fun,” I replied.

          And it was.

          The next couple of days passed quickly since I was busy going to school and working, but my awareness of Friday being my last day at my current school made the day seem to pass especially fast.  I almost said goodbye to Skylar, but she had gone back to ignoring me, and I didn’t have the nerve to approach her.

         Jenna actually braved Cade’s scowling to walk out into the hall with me after the class we shared when I mentioned to her that it was my last day.  “Do you mind?” she snapped at him.  “I’m trying to say goodbye to Lexie.”

          “You’ve said it,” he retorted.  “Now get lost.”

          “You get lost,” I told him in annoyance.  “I want to talk to Jenna in peace.”

          “Why are you always taking her side?” he complained.  “I’m your boyfriend.”

          “I just want to say goodbye to her,” I said in exasperation.

          “Whatever,” he said and strode off.

          Jenna smiled at me in bemusement.  “I didn’t mean to cause trouble.”

        “You didn’t,” I emphasized.  “He’s so damn stubborn sometimes.”

         “Don’t I know it,” she muttered.  “Well, good luck,” she told me in a lighter tone.  “I hope you make some good friends at your new school.”  

          “Thanks,” I replied.  “I hope everything works out for you too, and that you’ll be happy.”

          “Thanks,” she responded with a wistful smile.  “Goodbye, Lexie.”

          “Goodbye, Jenna,” I said, feeling a bit of sadness over the finality of this goodbye.

          We parted, going our separate ways for the rest of the day until I spotted her one more time in the parking lot after school.  She gave me a final wave, and I waved back before Cade found me and complained that I hadn’t wanted to ride to school with him on my last day.

          “I wanted to drive out here by myself one more time,” I explained.  “I haven’t had a car as long as you have.  This is still a big deal to me.”

          “You’ll be driving to school by yourself every day,” he grumbled.  “This was our last chance to drive together.”
          “We’ll be together tonight,” I reminded him.  “We’ll have plenty of time to drive around together.”

          That brought an enigmatic smile to his face.  “We’ll be doing more than driving.”

          My stomach dipped at his words, but my reply was sassy.  “Don’t get ahead of yourself.  You don’t know what we’ll be doing.”

          His smile turned wicked.  “I know I’m going to take you higher than you’ve ever been.”

          I rolled my eyes in response to that cheesy line.  “Sure you will.”

          But he did.

          “The airport?” I questioned in astonishment.

          “It’s a private airport,” Cade explained.  “We’re taking a short flight.”

          I had been surprised and a little annoyed when I saw that we were going in a limo, but I couldn’t complain about it being too romantic in front of my mom and Robert.  At least Cade and I were both dressed casually in jeans and t-shirts.

          Cade behaved himself in the back of the limo with me, so I assumed that he was worried the driver might see us.  “Told you I’d take you higher than you’ve ever been,” he teased quietly now.

          “We’re flying?” I exclaimed.  “Where are we going?”

          “Chicago,” he replied as we pulled up to a hangar.

         “Why?” I asked in bewilderment.

          “It’s the closest place that has Medieval Times,” he answered like flying to another state for dinner wasn’t crazy.

         The driver prevented me from sputtering a protest about it not being necessary to go there.  In a daze, I took hold of the hand he extended toward me after opening the door for me.  Cade climbed out on his own and steered me into the hangar with a hand on my lower back.  He gestured for me to walk up the stairs first.

          “Your mom says that you’ve never been on a plane before,” he commented from behind me.

          “I haven’t,” I confirmed with a nervous flutter in my stomach.

          Inside the plane, it looked like a living room with two pairs of recliners facing each other across a table.  The other side had single recliners facing each other.  Cade motioned for me to take a seat next to the window on the side containing the paired recliners, and I chose the seats that faced forward.  He sat down beside me.  The captain came out of the cockpit to introduce himself and then left us alone in the cabin.  

          “I said nothing fancy,” I hissed at Cade.

          “Which is why we aren’t going to Paris,” he retorted.

          I blinked at him in shock.  “You would go to Paris for a date?”

          He shrugged.  “Maybe if I were proposing.”

          “Cade,” I protested less strongly than before, “why did you do this?  I told you nothing romantic or—“

          “We’re going to a tacky dinner show,” he interjected.  “There’s nothing fancy or romantic about it.  This is just the only way we can make it there in time.”  He pulled a pack of gum out of his pocket.  “Have a piece.  It’ll keep your ears from popping when we take off.”

         Despite my disapproval, my excitement couldn’t be quelled.  It was my first airplane ride, and it was amazing to feel it leave the ground as we soared into the air.  I was glued to the window as we flew up into the clouds and above them.  It was an incredible experience, and I absolutely loved it.

          I turned excitedly back toward Cade.  “Look!  We’re above the clouds.”

          He was watching my reaction with an affectionate smile that turned teasing.  “Have you ever been higher?”

          I laughed.  “No I haven’t.  Your stupid line is true.  Are you happy now?”

          “I thought happiness started with an H.  Why does mine start with U?”

          I groaned at the lameness of that one, and he grinned.  “If you think that’s romantic, listen to this.  My doctor says I’m missing vitamin U.  Do you have a map?  I’m getting lost in your eyes.  Did you sit in a pile of sugar?  Because you have a sweet ass.  Are your legs tired?  Because you’ve been running—“

          “Okay, you’re not romantic,” I cut in laughingly.

          “I can’t believe you don’t think I’m romantic,” he pouted in mock offense.

          I laughed again and turned back to enjoy the view through the window.  The flight was only an hour, and the descent was just as exciting as the take off.  I couldn’t imagine that any other date I ever went on would be able to compare to this one.

          There was another limo waiting to drive us to our destination in Chicago.  Despite Cade’s remark about it being a tacky show, Medieval Times turned out to be a blast.  Each section of the audience had a knight to cheer for, and everyone got caught up in the competition of the jousting tournament and the sword fights.  Seeing them ride out on their horses while dressed up like knights appealed to the kid inside of all of us.

          We also had to eat the food with our hands since utensils weren’t used in the 11th century.  I certainly couldn’t complain that it was too fancy, although it wasn’t difficult to eat garlic bread, roast chicken, and corn on the cob without utensils.  I skipped the tomato soup, but Cade slurped his straight from the bowl.

          It was the most fun I’d had in ages, and our knight even won the tournament.  We were then treated to a falconry display and told to keep our hands in our laps as the falcon flew around the arena.  I felt a corresponding dip in my stomach when it lifted into the air, the sensation caused by the memory of my recent flying experience.  

          I impulsively kissed Cade on the cheek.  “Thank you,” I told him.

         He turned to gaze at me with that warm look in his eyes I had seen only a couple of times before.  “Fun?” he questioned with an equally warm smile.

          “So much fun,” I gushed, smiling happily.

         We held hands as we walked out after the show, and I felt as content and happy as I had ever been.  Neither one of us felt the need to talk as we exited the building and got into the limo.  After riding in silence for a couple of minutes, Cade leaned in closer to me and spoke.

          “Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?”

          I laughed and turned to look at him.  He was still leaning close, and we were kissing without me even having to anticipate it.  This time it felt as natural as breathing, and we didn’t stop until we arrived at the airport.  When we pulled apart, my entire mouth was tingling.

          My head felt floaty as the driver helped me to my feet, and I stepped carefully up the stairs into the plane.  It was dark now, so the lights were on in the cabin.  I smiled dreamily at Cade when he sat down next to me.

          “Best date ever,” I sighed.

          Cade’s eyes got a dreamy look in them too as he gazed at me.  “It is,” he agreed.

          We flew home, but we were floating in our own little world for the time being.  I didn’t descend from that high even when we came back down to earth. 













Chapter 34



          My relationship with Cade was almost too good to be true.  I tried to refrain from telling Morgan about our perfect date, but she insisted on hearing all the details when I saw her on Sunday.  I was worried that she would be jealous of my happiness, but she squealed with delight.

          “Oh my gosh, that is so romantic!”

          “It is,” I agreed, having given up on avoiding romance with Cade.

          I had, however, insisted on planning our next date myself.  “We’ll take turns,” I had told him.

          He had acquiesced without protest but had immediately wanted to know where we were going and when.  “Is it today?” he had pestered me when I answered that I didn’t know yet where we were going.

          “I have to work today,” I had replied.

          “Tomorrow?”

          “I’m going over Morgan’s house tomorrow,” I had reminded him.

          “All day?” he queried.

          “I’m not sure,” I said.  “But we can’t go on two dates in one weekend.  Our parents will get suspicious.”

          Actually, this was a concern for all our future dates.  We couldn’t keep using the story that Cade was cheering me up because of Brandon’s rejection.

          “Say that you’re gonna be at Morgan’s house all day,” he suggested.  “Stay there a little while, and then we can go on our date without them knowing.”

           That was a tempting idea, but I was hesitant to use Morgan as a cover.  My friendship with her was too new, and I didn’t want her to think that I had ulterior motives in befriending her.  So I had told Cade that he would have to wait until the following weekend for our next date.  After my evening shift on Saturday, I had ignored the looks Cade was giving me and claimed exhaustion.  Having my own bathroom was perfect for avoiding running into Cade in the hallway, and he hadn’t come knocking on my door last night.

          He was waiting for me when I emerged from my room this morning though.  I was startled to see him standing there, and I stared at him in my surprise as he stepped forward and kissed me.  He tasted minty, and it made me self-conscious.

          I anxiously pulled away from him.  “I haven’t brushed my teeth yet.”

          I hadn’t expected to kiss him before breakfast, so I hadn’t thought to be ready for it.  He had obviously brushed his teeth in preparation, and I felt embarrassed about being caught with morning breath.

          “I don’t care,” he told me and tried to kiss me again.

          I backed away into my room.  “I have to brush my teeth first.”

          Instead of waiting for me in my bedroom, he followed me into the bathroom as I grabbed my toothbrush and squeezed toothpaste onto it.  I watched him in the mirror as he leaned against the wall behind me.  Having him here in the bathroom with me made me feel like we were sharing something forbidden, even though I was only brushing my teeth. 

          Suddenly feeling nervous and shy, I dropped my gaze to the faucet as I started to stick the brush in my mouth and scrub quickly and vigorously at my teeth.  Running the water, I rinsed off the brush and swished water around my refreshed and clean mouth.

          I lifted my head as I felt Cade’s body connect with mine where I was leaning over the sink.  Water was still dripping down my chin while his hand came around to take hold of it and turn my head as he maneuvered his head sideways to kiss me.

          I let him, and his mouth felt hot on mine after the coolness of the water.  I opened wider on a moan when his hands slid down to palm my breasts.  He slipped his tongue inside my mouth, and I welcomed it hungrily with a devouring eagerness for more of him.  

          His firm grip on me matched the ferocity of our kiss.  I wanted him with a wild abandon I’d never felt before.  When he broke the kiss and yanked my sweatpants and panties down together in one rough motion, I arched back against him in anticipation of his touch between my legs.  I gasped at the thrill of it, but he froze before removing his hand.

          “I’m sorry,” he said as he stepped back away from me.  “I didn’t mean to go that far.”

          His breathing was just as affected as mine, and his voice was husky.  It was so sexy that I wanted to grab him and rip his clothes off.  I turned around to look at him directly.  “I didn’t want you to stop,” I told him, feeling wanton and unashamed of my nakedness.

          His gaze became so heated that I felt like he was setting me on fire with a look.  My body flared with heat that caused sweat to break out on my lower back.

          “Lexie,” he began, and the husky way he spoke my name shot a thrill of desire through me.  

          “I want it to be special for you,” he continued.  “I’ve never been with a—“

          “Lexie,” Mom called.

         I panicked at the sound of her voice and pulled up my underwear and sweatpants, gasping when Cade suddenly splashed water on me.  He had turned on the faucet and was flinging water at me with his hands.  I shrieked as it soaked my back and darted forward to escape it but halted in my tracks when Mom entered the bathroom.

          “What’s going on here?” she demanded in bewilderment.

          “He’s splashing water on me,” I said in dismay, although he had stopped.

          “What are you doing in here?” Mom asked, and her question brought back my panic.

          “Waking her up,” Cade answered, managing to sound amused.

          I didn’t dare turn to look at him, but I was sure there was a cocky smirk on his face.  His nerves of steel paid off, because Mom bought his annoying brother act.

           “You’re a little too old for this kind of behavior,” she scolded him.  “Oh my goodness, there’s water all over the floor,” she fretted.  “I’ve got to clean this up.”

          He stopped her as she tried to grab one of the towels I had left hanging over the shower door last night.  “I’ll do it.  I made the mess.”

         “You certainly did,” she agreed, but her words were spoken mildly.  “Thank you again for taking Lexie to that show.  That was so nice of you.”

          He was in my line of vision now, because I had turned to follow Mom’s movements through the room.  He glanced up from where he was crouched mopping up water from the floor with my towel.  His gaze met mine briefly.

          “It was really fun,” he declared.  “I did it for her, but I liked it too.”

          “That’s good,” Mom said.  “I hear it’s a wonderful family show.  We should all go together sometime.”  She paused and seemed to be searching for her next words.  “You haven’t grown up with…”

          She trailed off with a pained expression before speaking again.  “Lexie’s your stepsister now, and I’m glad you feel comfortable with her.  But, coming into her room to play a prank on her…uh, she could be, uh, she was dressed this time, but she could have been about to take a shower or—“

          I quickly cut off her awkward rambling.  “I lock my door when I go to bed.  I unlocked it to go down to breakfast, but, uh, I remembered that I didn’t wash my hands,” I lied since I couldn’t tell her the truth about why I had returned to my room.

          She gave me a funny look, probably wondering how I could forget to wash my hands if I went to the bathroom after I got up.  “Um, that’s good that you lock your door.  You never did at home—at the apartment,” she corrected herself.

           “It was only you and me,” I said.  “There are lots of people here, and you’re so far away you probably wouldn’t hear me if I was getting murdered.”

          She was startled by my stupid remark.  “Are you afraid to sleep here by yourself?  Robert thought you’d want your own space, but we can move you closer into one of the guest bedrooms in our wing if you want.  You wouldn’t have your own bathroom, but you could still use this one for taking your showers.”

          “I was joking,” I assured her quickly.  “I love my room.  I don’t want to move to another one.”

          “Are you sure?” she asked uncertainly.

          “Yes, Mom,” I insisted.  “Really.  It was just a stupid joke.  Um, so why are you here?  I mean, uh, did you need anything?”

          “Oh,” she replied, “I wanted to ask you what you want for breakfast.  I peeked into your room to see if you were awake and saw that you weren’t in bed,” she explained.      

          Cade came to stand beside us now.  “I want an egg white omelet,” he said.  “Lauren knows what kind.”

          “If you’re ready to go down, you can tell her,” Mom prodded him to leave.  “Wash your hands first,” she couldn’t help adding in her mothering way.

          We silently watched him wash his hands and wipe them on the hand towel before he left with a smirk directed at me.  He was already walking out the door when I went into my room to change my wet clothes.  Mom went to stand vigil at the door after he closed it.

          I grabbed another pair of sweatpants and a t-shirt before removing the ones I had on.  I was still nervous about almost being caught half-naked with Cade.  That was the reason that I ignored him after work that night.  There was no way that I was going to sneak into his room and take the chance of going too far again.  I had to slow things down between us.

          It had taken Lucas three months to get me to have sex with him, but Cade and I had only been together for a week and were already on the verge of it.  I reminded myself that we had only been on one date, and that it was much too soon for us to be sleeping together.  He wasn’t pushing the issue, and he had actually been the one to stop our heated make-out session, but I felt like I couldn’t trust myself to be alone with him.  That was a problem, since we were living together.

          Escaping to Morgan’s house and leaving the sexual tension behind was a relief.  I hadn’t told her about any of that and had only shared the romantic details of our date with her.  “So, have you heard from Logan?” I asked to distract myself from thoughts of Cade.

          “Yes.  He came here yesterday,” she replied.

          That grabbed my attention.  “He came here?  Did you talk to him?”

          “Yes,” she answered excitedly.  “You would have been so proud of me, Lexie.  I stuck to the plan, and I was so calm when I talked to him.  It was like I was acting out a scene from a movie.  I told him that I realized that I had to get over him and move on with my life.”

          “What’d he say?” I asked, hanging on her every word.

          “He looked upset,” she said in excitement.  “If he didn’t like me, he wouldn’t be upset, right?”

          “Right,” I agreed.  “He would be fine with you getting over him if he didn’t like you.”

          “Oh my gosh!” she exclaimed happily.  “I can’t believe he actually likes me.”

          “Now we just have to get him to admit it,” I said.  “Did he say anything when you told him that?”

          “He said that I’m special, and that I deserve a guy who will treat me with respect,” she answered, faltering a bit.  “Do you really think that going out with Blaine will make him jealous?  He sure doesn’t treat girls with respect.  He’s been through so many of them already. ”

          “That’s the whole point,” I told her.  “He’ll see that you’re with the wrong guy, and it will drive him crazy.  Are you sure that you can control this guy though?” I asked in concern.

          She waved off my worry.  “Yeah, Blaine’s a player, but he’s not a rapist or anything.  Eastland has a pretty small student body, and most of us have known each other since preschool.”

          “You go to Eastland?” I exclaimed.  “I’m starting there tomorrow.”    

          “Really?” she asked excitedly.  “Oh my gosh.  We’ll be going to the same school!”

          I was thrilled to hear that I would have a friend there, and I impulsively threw my arms around her.  “That’s so wonderful!”

          She hugged me back just as enthusiastically and had a huge smile on her face when she pulled back.  “We’ll have lunch together,” she gushed.

          “I’m in a different grade,” I reminded her apologetically.

          “We all have lunch at the same time,” she informed me.  “There are only about three hundred students in the whole school, so…”

          I gaped at her.  “Three hundred all together?  Including all four grades?”

          “Yeah,” she confirmed.

          The thought of it astounded me.  The school I had been going to had over 1700 students, so I couldn’t imagine how small my new high school would be.  I had been looking forward to the anonymity of being an unknown face in the crowd, but that would be impossible in a place where there would only be about seventy-five students in my entire grade.

          Being new in a school that small would put me in the spotlight, and that made me anxious about what kind of impression I would make on my first day.  I reminded myself that it couldn’t be any worse than my tarnished reputation at the school I had transferred from.  Still, I knew how very lucky I was to have a friend there already.  Knowing that I could sit with Morgan during lunch alleviated a lot of my anxiety.  The worst part of being a new student was the social awkwardness of finding a seat in the cafeteria.  

          Being the outsider in a place where people had known each other since preschool would have made the ordeal even worse, so I felt grateful to Morgan for sparing me from that.  I silently renewed my vow to be the best friend I possibly could to her.

          I didn’t spend all day at her house, but I invited her over to help me pick out an outfit for my first day at her school.  Mom was happy to see that I had made a new friend and invited her to stay for dinner.  Introducing Morgan to Mom reminded me of her insistence on meeting Logan, so I asked her if I could invite him to dinner too.

          Morgan’s eyes widened in panic at this unexpected development, but I couldn’t reassure her about it in front of Mom.  She wanted me to call him immediately so that she could inform Lauren if there would be another guest for dinner.  Logan didn’t sound happy to hear from me, but he agreed to come over for dinner.  I made no mention to him about Morgan being here too.

          Once we were out of earshot, Morgan fretted anxiously.  “Why did you do that?  I wasn’t planning to see him today.  I don’t know how to—“

          “It’s okay,” I interrupted her.  “We’re just having dinner.  He won’t ask you anything personal in front of my mom.  It’ll be perfect for catching him off guard.  You did great when he came over your house, so just have that same attitude.”

          “Okay,” she agreed uncertainly.  “Like a scene from a movie,” she added with a little more assurance.

          “Yes,” I encouraged her, “exactly like that.” 

          I was feeling pretty pleased with myself over how well my plan was working.  I was sure that Logan wouldn’t be able to resist Morgan much longer, and then everyone would live happily ever after.  I thought that I had become wiser after all the mistakes I had made in the past, but I didn’t realize how naïve I still was.















Chapter 35



          Cade was not in on our plan, so he gave me a suspicious look when he saw that Logan had come over to have dinner with us.  He glanced at Morgan and glanced back disapprovingly at me, obviously having surmised that I was trying to get them together.  Logan, however, didn’t seem to suspect anything.

          He had clearly been taken by surprise to see Morgan there, and he didn’t seem to know how to act around her anymore.  The easy charm he had displayed at the party was absent.  It was like his personality had been muted.  He was polite but much more serious than I had seen him before.

          My mom was still dazzled by his incredibly gorgeous appearance.  She actually stopped in her tracks when she saw him before recovering her wits and greeting him after I introduced him.  When his attention wandered to Morgan, Mom grinned at me like a girlfriend would over an especially cute guy.  Cade saw it and scowled.

        Mom, of course, had no idea that I was with Cade, so she treated Logan like he was my potential boyfriend.  Her approval of him was evident after she questioned him and found out that he had graduated from high school two years early.  Through her interrogation, I learned that he planned to become an archeologist.

          “After I saw Indiana Jones, nobody could talk me out of it,” he admitted with some of his natural charm.

          Mom laughed in response and shot me another this-one’s-a-keeper look.

          Even Robert’s tone held admiration.  “The Cades are always bucking family tradition.  His father chose to become a doctor rather than run the family business, and now Logan is forging his own path.”

          “But, does that mean that you’ll be gone all the time?” I asked in alarm, wondering how Morgan could be with him if he kept traveling all over the world.

          “I’ll be starting college next fall,” he answered, “so I’ll have to stay in one place for a while.” 

          “Where will you be going to college?” Mom questioned. 

          “Harvard,” he replied like it was no big deal.  “I wanted to go to Oxford, but my mom begged me not to.”

          “Isn’t that in England?” I exclaimed.

          “Yes,” he said.  “They have the best archeology programs, but Harvard is in the top five, so I decided to stay in the U.S. and make my mom happy.” 

          “Harvard is so much closer,” Mom agreed, glancing at me.

          She was making her thoughts so obvious that I was worried about both Morgan and Cade getting the wrong idea about Logan and me.  “Where do you want to go to college, Morgan?” I asked, trying to get things back on track.

          “I don’t know yet,” she answered unhelpfully.  “I still have…”  She trailed off, apparently realizing that reminding Logan that she still had three years of high school left wouldn’t work in her favor.  “Um, I still have to decide.”

          “Morgan goes to Eastland,” I added in a bright tone.  “We’ll be going to school together!”

          “Oh, that’s wonderful,” Mom remarked.  “You’ll have a friend there already.”

          “She helped me pick out an outfit for my first day,” I said to keep the conversation going and distract Mom from her wrong assumptions about Logan and me.

          “Yeah, there are some really cute guys at school,” Morgan added to taunt Logan but pretending that she was speaking to me.  “You’ll get a lot of attention being the new girl.  They’ve known me forever, but some of them still act like they’re seeing me for the first time.  It’s kind of sweet actually.”

         Her performance was perfect, including her brief, secretive smile as she seemingly remembered something that she didn’t share with the rest of us.  I avoided the temptation to look at Logan and see his reaction.

          “Is there anyone special?” I prodded her.

         “I don’t know,” she answered.  “I haven’t been taking it seriously, but…”

         “You should give him a chance,” I insisted.  “It might work out better than you think.”  My gaze flitted toward Cade, but I quickly returned it to Morgan.

          “Maybe I will,” she said as if deciding to in that moment.

         Logan said nothing in response, so I couldn’t resist looking at him in search of a reaction.  He was staring at his plate, so I couldn’t guess what he was feeling.  I was trying to devise a plan to get Morgan to reveal the guy’s identity without making it look obvious when Cade unexpectedly helped me.  

          “Who is it?” he asked suspiciously.

          “Blaine Hudson,” Morgan replied.

          Logan’s head shot up.  “Blaine?” he demanded with an incredulous expression.

          “Don’t be a snob,” she chided him.  “Being new money doesn’t mean that he’s—“

          “I don’t give a crap about that,” he cut in angrily.  “The guy is an asshole.  You can’t go out with him.”

          “I can do whatever I want,” she retorted.
          “Who is Blaine Hudson?” Cade questioned.  “I don’t remember him.”

          “Hudson Hardware,” Morgan explained.  “He came to Eastland last year, so you’ve never met him.”
          “What’s wrong with him?” Cade asked, directing his question to Logan.

          “Nothing,” Morgan insisted.  “Logan’s just being a snob.” 

          “I’m not,” he denied in frustration.  “It has nothing to do with his family.  It’s just him personally.  That guy is a—“  

         Logan cut off abruptly as he glanced at Mom.  “Uh, he’s a womanizer.  You’re not going out with him,” he told Morgan firmly.

          “You can’t tell me who I can date,” she stated coolly.

          I was impressed by her composure.  If I hadn’t known how much she still liked Logan, I would have thought that she was over him.  He, on the other hand, looked upset over her.  I wished that he would just ask her out himself if he didn’t want her going out with Blaine.

          Mom tried to dissipate the tension.  “I’m sure that Morgan knows—“

          “She doesn’t know anything!” Logan interrupted her in his agitation.  He immediately returned his attention to Morgan.  “Sweet?  Isn’t that what you called him?” he questioned disparagingly.

          “Yeah,” she shot back.  “He says nice things to me every day, and he always asks me what’s new and how I am.  Not being a genius like you, I think that’s sweet.”

          “He’s putting on an act,” Logan insisted.  “He just wants—“

          “To go out with me,” Morgan interjected smoothly.  “Maybe he does talk to me and bring me roses every day because he wants to go out with me, but he’s never pretended like he wants to be just friends.  He asked me out the first day he met me.”

          “There’s nothing wrong with a guy wooing the girl he likes,” Robert remarked.

          “He brings you roses every day?” Mom asked.

          “One red rose every day at school,” Morgan confirmed.

          “That is sweet,” I exclaimed in surprise.

          “Very romantic,” Mom agreed.  “Sounds like this boy really likes you.”

          “Yeah,” Morgan acknowledged kind of reluctantly.

          I couldn’t tell if she was putting on an act for Logan’s benefit, or if she was admitting that Blaine might really like her.  Either way, she had Logan convinced that her reactions were real.  His agitation was palpable, although he ceased to argue with her and stayed mostly silent for the remainder of dinner.  Then he thanked us for it and left. 
  
          I thought that Morgan would stay longer, but she also politely took her leave.  “See you at school tomorrow,” she told me in parting.

          A short time later, I received a text message from her.  Sorry I took off, but I want to be home in case Logan comes over to talk.  Will catch up with you tomorrow

          Logan texted me an hour later.  Is Morgan still there?

          I replied that she went home, hoping that he’d go over there.  Instead, he called me.  After I answered, he launched into a rant about why I had to stop her from going out with Blaine.

          “No,” I stated when he gave me a chance to talk.  “Either you stop her or you leave her alone.”

          “She won’t listen to me,” he complained in frustration.

          “She will if you say the right thing,” I retorted.  “Tell her that you like her.”

          “If you’re implying more than friendship,” he said, “then you’re wrong.  Also, this is not about me.  If it is, then she’s not going out with him for the right reasons.”

          His argument made sense, and I would have agreed with him if the whole thing hadn’t been only a hoax to force him into taking action.  Since I didn’t want him to realize that Morgan was only doing this to make him jealous, I argued in favor of Blaine.

          “It sounds like he really likes her, so why shouldn’t she give him a chance?”

          “To do what?” he retorted.  “Use her and dump her like he does every other girl?”

          “That’s what I thought Cade would be like,” I admitted, “but I was wrong about him.  Maybe you’re wrong about Blaine too.  Maybe that’s what you’re really worried about—that he’ll stay with her, and that you’ll lose her for good.”

          “He is not going to stay with her,” he insisted in consternation.  “Don’t be fooled by a romantic gesture.  That’s only a means to an end.  Once he gets what he wants, he won’t be giving her anymore flowers.”

          His conviction troubled me.  “How do you know?” I demanded.  

          “His past actions,” he answered.  “He has a pattern of breaking up with girls.  He’s always the one to end it.  The last thing Morgan needs is to get involved with a guy like that.”

          I wasn’t thinking about Morgan right then though.  My thoughts were on Cade, and I was wondering if anyone had ever broken up with him.  It suddenly seemed important to know, so I decided to ask him as soon as I got off the phone.

          “Lexie?  Are you still there?” Logan asked.

          “Yeah,” I answered. 

          “You know I’m right,” he stated.

          “I don’t know,” I said, my doubt evident in my voice.

         “Yeah,” he said with simple surety, “you do.”

          I didn’t know anything all of a sudden.  “Can I come over?” I asked.

          There was a noticeable pause that made it obvious I had taken him by surprise.  “Yes,” he replied.  “I’ll come get you.”

           “I’ve got a car,” I told him.  “I’ll be right there.”

          I didn’t encounter Cade on my way downstairs, but I found Mom in the living room with Robert.  “Can I go to Logan’s house for a little bit?”

          A smile broke free on Mom’s face before she reined it in.  “It’s a school night.”

          “I won’t stay long,” I promised.  “He’s just really upset about Morgan, and I need to convince him to ask her out,” I blurted.

          Mom looked amused.  “Okay,” she agreed in a tone that indicated she was holding back from saying something that she was thinking.

          I had her permission, so I ignored the undercurrent of her misconceptions about my interest in Logan.  It wasn’t exactly clear to me why I wanted to see him until I was in his presence.  Being around him was just so easy and uncomplicated.  Despite his almost unbelievably perfect appearance, I didn’t feel nervous around him.  In fact, I had never felt more comfortable with any other guy.

          “Do I pass inspection?” he enquired in a tone that held more amusement than conceit as I stood there assessing him instead of taking the seat he had offered me.

          “Yeah,” I confirmed without embarrassment.  “You’re perfect for Morgan.”

          I held up my hand to stop his protest.  “That’s not why I’m here though.”  Sitting down on the kitchen chair, I smiled at him.  “You brighten my mood.  You’re this warm person, even though you should be one of the most conceited people ever because of how you look.  Not to mention how smart you are on top of that.”

          He smiled and spoke with that easygoing charm of his.  “Flattery will get you everywhere.”

          It was a corny joke that had no underlying innuendo beneath it, because there was nothing calculating or manipulative in his personality.  There just wasn’t anything false about him, and I almost confessed the deception I had plotted to get him together with Morgan.  My loyalty to her and my belief that I was helping them overrode the guilt I was feeling.  

          “Are we friends?” I asked anxiously.

          He flashed his dazzling movie star smile at me.  “We could be more,” he teased, “but we can be friends if that’s what you want.”

          “I do,” I declared.  “I’ve never had a guy friend before, but I would love to be friends with you.”

          “Okay then,” he said and walked up to me to extend his hand.  “Friends.”

          I shook his hand, but that didn’t feel like enough for the amount of warm friendliness I felt for him.  Letting go of his hand, I impulsively stood up out of my chair and hugged him.  “Friends,” I exclaimed happily.

          He laughed and hugged me back.  “Friends who hug,” he remarked in amusement.

          “Yep,” I agreed as I pulled out of our embrace.  “That’s the benefit of being friends with a girl.  We hug.”

          “Not the kind of benefit usually associated when speaking of friends with benefits,” he said with a grin, “but I’ll take it.”

          I grinned back at him.  “That’s why we can be friends, because you’re so easy.”

          “Another word that often has a sexual connotation,” he commented drily.  “Are you sure you’re not confused about what kind of friends we are?”

          “I meant easy to get along with,” I said with a laugh.  “There’s no drama or awkwardness with you.  I can just be myself.”

          “You can’t be yourself with Cade?” he asked quizzically.

          For some reason, I blushed in response to that question.

         “Ah, he gets more than hugs,” Logan teased.  “He gets your hidden wild self.”

          His comment made me pause in contemplation.  Did I have a hidden wild side?  Was that why I had been so susceptible to my attraction to Cade despite my immediate dislike for him?  I had thought that it was just teenage hormones, but maybe I was secretly some kind of sex addict.  

          No, I assured myself.  It had taken Lucas three months to get me to sleep with him, and I had been celibate since he broke up with me.  It wasn’t until Cade kissed me that my sexual desire had been ignited again.

          Now that it had been ignited, it flared out of control too quickly.  I couldn’t seem to pace myself with Cade, and I was worried that I would sleep with him too soon.
         “I don’t want to have sex yet,” I blurted.  “I need you to help me.”

          Logan looked bewildered.  “Uh, I thought you just said that we’re not those kind of friends.”

          “Not with you,” I said dismissively.  “You calm me down.  That’s why you can help me when I need to stay away from Cade.”

          “Thanks,” he retorted drily.  “It’s nice to know that I dampen your libido.”

          “But you don’t,” I told him.  “I notice how hot you are, but it’s like…more manageable or something.”  

          He smiled wryly, but then his teasing expression returned.  “You think I’m hot?”

          “Oh please,” I said, “you know you’re hot.  I’m sure that other girls have told you that.”

          “No, you’re the first one,” he replied before breaking into a grin.

          It was infectious, and I grinned back at him like a person who didn’t have a care in the world.  That’s how he made me feel, and that was why his presence was so calming.  His pleasant charm was like a balm for my frazzled nerves.  

          I hadn’t realized how tense I was until I was able to relax at Logan’s house.  At home, I always had to worry about keeping my relationship with Cade a secret.  Even being with Morgan wasn’t carefree, because I felt responsible for her happiness now that I had become involved in her love life.

          Although my scheme indirectly involved Logan, I didn’t feel that same pressure about him.  Maybe it was because his happiness didn’t seem to depend on anyone else.  His contentment appeared to be self-contained, but that might have been because he had no problems.  At least I couldn’t imagine that he had any problems.

          “You’re happy,” I stated.

          “You just told me I’m hot.  Of course I’m happy,” he joked.

          But I was serious when I replied to him.  “That’s why I feel happy when I’m with you.  I’m picking up on your happiness.  Your mood is contagious.  You’re like this bright beacon of happiness.”

           He laughed.  “That’s not as flattering as being called hot, but I’ll take it.”

          “No, happy people are really rare,” I insisted.  “Everyone else is trying to find happiness.”

          His expression turned serious.  “You’re not happy with Cade?”

          “I am,” I answered.  “We went on our first date, and it was wonderful.  But…”

          “But,” Logan prompted.

          “But everything’s so complicated,” I said.  “We have to keep it a secret from our parents, and we live in the same house, so that makes it hard.  I don’t want to go too fast, but…”

         “But it’s hard not to when you’re together every night,” he finished for me.  “I can see how difficult it would be to resist having sex.”

          “Yeah,” I agreed honestly.

          “Maybe you should tell your parents,” he suggested.  “They might be able to come up with a solution.”

          “Are you crazy?” I exclaimed.  “They would kill us!”

          “Really?” he queried in a dubious tone.

         “Well, not kill us,” I amended, “but it would be bad.  Very bad.  Cade’s dad already threatened to send him to military school when he got mad at him before.”  

          “Not ideal,” Logan agreed.  “I wouldn’t want to be forced to go to military school either.”

          He pondered the problem for a moment.  “I don’t know,” he admitted.  “There seems to be no easy fix.”

          “I could move in here,” I joked.  “That way I’d at least be down the street from him instead of down the hall.”

          “And I’ll be leaving in a couple of months,” he added, “so you wouldn’t have to resist my hotness for too long.”

          The thought of him leaving dimmed my mood, and it seemed to affect him too.  “You can still come here if you need to get away,” he said.  “I’ll tell my parents that you’ve got clearance to come over any time you want.  I just need you to do me a favor in return.  Look out for Morgan.  Don’t let Blaine take advantage of her.”

         “Stop her from going out with him,” I pleaded.  “I know that she still likes you no matter what she says.”

          “I’m leaving,” he stressed.  

         I jumped on that, because he hadn’t denied liking her back.  “You don’t have to,” I reasoned with him.  “You can cancel the rest of your trip and stay here.  You’ll get to travel around a lot when you’re an archeologist anyway.”

          “But I’ll still be going away to college,” he reminded me.

          “Not until next year,” I said.  “You can still have almost a whole year here with Morgan.”

          “Nine months,” he stated absently while seemingly considering it.
          I didn’t speak as I waited on bated breath for him to make the decision I was hoping for.  We had remained standing as we talked after our hug, and I felt rooted to the spot in anticipation while he gazed distantly past me.  I was already imagining how happy Morgan would be.

          Logan’s usually open expression was unreadable when he refocused on me.  “I’ll stay here if you talk her out of going out with Blaine.”

          My excitement about him staying was instantly muted.  “But, aren’t you going to ask her out?” I questioned in dismay.

          “Talk her out of it, and I’ll stay,” he repeated without answering my question.

          My phone rang, and I saw that Cade was calling me.  “What the hell are you doing at Logan’s house again?” he demanded when I answered.

        “I’ll talk to you later,” I told him impatiently.

          “Come home now!” he insisted in a furious tone.  “Unless he’s your new boyfriend.”

          “Don’t be ridiculous,” I snapped at him.  “I thought we already settled this.”

          “What the hell am I supposed to think?  You didn’t even fucking tell me you were going over there!”

          “I don’t need your permission to see my friends,” I retorted in annoyance.  “I already asked my mom.”

          “And she’s thrilled that you’ve found yourself the perfect boyfriend,” he retorted sarcastically.  “He’s so smart and such a fine young man, and she can’t wait for you to marry him.”

          I rolled my eyes in response to that last part.  “She did not say anything about me marrying him.”

          “She didn’t have to say it,” he snapped at me.  “It’s obvious that’s how she feels.”

          “What about how I feel?” I demanded.  “I told you we’re just friends, and I’m pissed that you don’t trust me.”

          “Okay,” he said.  “I’ll go over Taylor’s house and not tell you about it.  Then I’ll see how much you trust me.”

          “That’s different,” I replied.  “She’s your ex.  It’s not like I’m at Lucas’s house.”

           “Who’s Lucas?” Cade asked.

          “My ex,” I answered.  “Anyway, I can’t stand here arguing with you on the phone.  It’s rude.  I’ll talk to you when I get home.” 

          “What’s his last name?” he questioned me before I could hang up.
          “Oh my God,” I exclaimed.  “It doesn’t matter.  He doesn’t even live here.”

          “Where does he live?” he continued to question me.  

          “I’m hanging up now,” I said, and I did.

          “I think you should come over as often as possible just to aggravate him,” Logan remarked.

          “I think you’re right,” I agreed and expelled my breath in frustration.

          “Better not tell him how hot you think I am,” he teased before his expression turned serious.  “Will you talk Morgan out of going out with Blaine?”

          “I’ll try,” I promised, not wanting to make it sound too easy.

          He settled into a relaxed pose.  “You’ll convince her.  I have faith in you.” 

          “At least somebody does,” I muttered, but I didn’t want to dwell on that here.  “Okay,” I said, wanting to end my visit on a brighter note, “I’ll let you know what Morgan decides.  I’ll be starting school with her tomorrow, so wish me luck on my first day.”

          “That’s right, you’re transferring to Eastland.  That’s perfect,” he enthused.  “You’ll be there to look out for her now that I’m gone.”

          “From school,” I clarified.  “You’ll still be here in the neighborhood.”

          “Yes,” he began, “if you get her to—“

          “I know,” I interrupted him impatiently.  “I’ll do it.”

          “Okay,” he said with simple acceptance.  “Good luck on your first day,” he added.

          “Thanks,” I told him.  “I need one more hug.”

          Hugging Cade could lead to something else, but hugging Logan was pure, warm comfort with a pleasant undercurrent of awareness that I was in the embrace of an attractive guy.  It should have flustered me, but it just added a little extra appeal to the hug.  Rather than arousal, I felt a slight giddiness when we pulled apart.

          “It’s fun being friends with you!” I exclaimed happily.

          He responded with an amused laugh.  “Thanks.  It’s fun being friends with you too, Lexie.”

          He walked me out to my car, and I was still in a good mood as I drove away from him.

   
Chapter 36



          That mood lasted until Cade greeted me with a scowl when I arrived home.  Mom made it worse by indirectly implying that Logan was my boyfriend.

          “Logan can help you study too,” she remarked with a wide smile.  “I know that he’ll be leaving for college before you, but he’s the kind of boy who is serious about academics.  He’s not likely to party a lot.  Massachusetts isn’t that far away, so you could visit him often,” she rambled excitedly.  “And you can apply to colleges there.  Even Harvard.  You never know, you might get accepted.”

         “I’m sure that she would,” Robert said, making me suspect that he would use his money to make it happen.

          “We are just friends,” I told all three of them.  “I’m not following him to college.  I’m not dating him, and I have no interest in dating him.  So stop acting like he’s my boyfriend, because he’s not.”

          Mom exchanged a look with Robert before glancing back at me.  “Okay,” she replied, still not looking convinced.

          “Goodnight,” I said in exasperation.  “I’m going up to my room.”

          Cade didn’t reply to me as Mom and Robert told me goodnight, but he came knocking on my door quite a while later and interrupted my conversation with Morgan.  She was thrilled that Logan had offered to stay home for her but frustrated that he hadn’t said anything about asking her out.

         “What should I do?” she lamented.  “Well, obviously the main thing is to get him to stay here,” she continued before I could respond.  “Oh my God, it worked!  You’re a genius, Lexie!”

          “Uh—“

          She cut me off excitedly.  “We need a new plan for getting him to admit his feelings.  Oh, should I still pretend to be over him?  I’m not sure how I should act around him now.  Are you going to tell him that I turned down Blaine because of him, or just that you talked me out of going out with him without mentioning Logan?”

          “Uh, I don’t—“

          “Because if you tell him it’s because of him, he’ll know I still like him.  But if he doesn’t think I like him, will he even ask me out?  But he already knew I liked him before, and he never asked me out.  Gosh, this is so confusing!” she exclaimed.

          “It is,” I agreed.

          “But progress,” she said optimistically before I could say anything else.  “He was leaving before, and now he’s not.  You’re amazing, Lexie!  Your plan worked so fast,” she marveled.

          “Only partially,” I said.  “We still have to get him to ask you out.” 

          “You’ll come up with something,” she stated with conviction.  “I know you will.”

          Everyone had faith in me except my boyfriend.  He was still scowling when I told Morgan to hold on and opened the door to him.  “It’s Cade,” I informed her.

          “I’ll let you go,” she replied.  “See you at school tomorrow,” she added.  “It’ll be great to have you there.”

          “Thanks,” I said.  “I’m so happy you go there!  It would probably be awful without you.”

          “It’s not that bad,” she assured me.  “I think you’ll like it there.  I mean, except for it being school,” she said with a laugh.  

          “Yeah,” I agreed, unable to share her amusement now that Cade had invaded my room with his tense presence.  “See you tomorrow.”

         “Why’d you go over there?” Cade demanded as soon as I hung up the phone.

          I was prepared to argue with him again about his lack of trust in me, but the words that came out of my mouth surprised us both.  “Because I can’t trust myself with you.”

          “Last time you were in here,” I began after a pause.

          “I’m sorry,” he interjected in a much more subdued tone.  “I didn’t mean to take it that far.  I promise I won’t rush you again, Lexie.  You don’t have to run away from me.”

          “I’ve never been this attracted to anyone,” I admitted.  “I wouldn’t have stopped if you hadn’t.  That’s why I’m trying to avoid being here alone with you.  I don’t want everything to happen too fast with us.  I’d like us to keep going on dates like we would if we weren’t living together.”

          “We’ll do that,” he insisted.  “I would have taken you on another date today if you would have let me.  And I won’t come into your room anymore until we start…until you’re ready.”

          “Thanks,” I said gratefully.  “That’ll help a lot.”

          “I’ll leave right now,” he offered.  “After I kiss you goodnight,” he added.

          “Wait,” I told him as he stepped closer.  “I want to ask your opinion on something.”

          “Okay,” he replied, looking surprised and curious.

           I explained the deal I had made with Logan and revealed the plan Morgan and I had concocted to make Logan realize his feelings for her.  “But now she can’t go out with Blaine to make him jealous,” I finished.  “What should she do now to make Logan ask her out?”

          Cade looked at me with a wry expression.  “Why do girls play these stupid games?  She can’t make him ask her out.  He either will or he won’t.  Nothing she does will make it happen.”

          “Wrong,” I argued.  “She made him decide to cancel his trip.  If she didn’t pretend that she was going to date this Blaine guy, he never would have done that.”

          “So she wasn’t really going to go out with him?” Cade questioned.

          “Yeah she was,” I answered, “but luckily now she won’t have to.”

          “Don’t you think it’s crazy to go out with a guy she doesn’t like just to make another guy jealous?” he asked.

          “You were going to go out with Skylar just to annoy me,” I reminded him.

          “And you thought that was a terrible thing to do,” he retorted.  “Why is it okay for Morgan to do it?”

          “Because this guy is a player,” I replied.  “She’s not going to break his heart, because he just wants—“

          “Why would you tell her to go out with a guy like that?” he demanded.

           “She said that she can handle him,” I said defensively.  “She knows him.  It’s not like I told her to pick up a stranger in a bar.”   

           He paced away from me in agitation.  “Logan doesn’t like him.  That’s already a red flag right there.  And he was worried enough about it to cancel his trip, which tells me this guy is really bad news.”

          I stared at him in surprise.  “Logan’s opinion matters to you?  I thought you hated him.”

          “I don’t hate him,” he denied.  “He’s a good guy.  I just don’t want him trying to steal you away from me.”

          “If he’s a good guy, he’s not going to do that,” I reasoned.

          “Even good guys get tempted,” he said.  “You’re spending all this time at his house.  Something’s gonna happen eventually.”

          “No it’s not,” I insisted in annoyance.  “I’m not going to cheat on you, Cade.  Why don’t you trust me?”  

          “It’s just…well, even your mom thinks he’s the perfect guy.”

          I’d never seen Cade act hesitant or unsure, and I was amazed to realize that he felt inferior to Logan.  “My mom doesn’t choose my boyfriends,” I told him.  “I think Logan is the perfect guy for Morgan, but I want you.  Only you,” I emphasized as I moved toward him.

          “Yeah?” he asked, his gaze fixed on me in a way that made my heartbeat accelerate.

          “Yeah,” I confirmed, my anticipation so strong that I could almost feel his lips on mine before they made contact.

          Passion blazed between us as we kissed, but Cade was once again the one to stop before things got out of control.  When I pressed my body against his in my desire to feel more of him, he pulled away from me and took a step back to leave more space between us.

          “Yeah,” he said.  “I better get out of here before…”

          “Yeah,” I agreed as he trailed off, understanding what he was saying without him having to say it.

          His gaze lingered on me for another moment before he turned and walked to the door.  I resisted the urge to call him back for one more kiss, because I knew that I would want more than that.

          My train of thought led me to call Morgan after Cade left my room.  “Kiss him,” I said.

          “What?” she asked in confusion, because those were the only two words I had spoken to her after she answered the phone.

            “Kiss Logan,” I specified.  “Then you’ll know if he wants you.”

          “You’ll know if you have passion with him,” I amended, because my first statement had sounded too crude.

          “I can’t,” she began to protest.  “I can’t just kiss him.  That’s…”

          “I know,” I acknowledged.  “You’re right.  I don’t know what I was thinking.  Forget it.  We’ll think of something else.  Okay, see you tomorrow.”

            “Yeah, see you,” she replied, sounding distracted.

          My own thoughts were all over the place as I went to take a shower.  I was first preoccupied with imagining amusing scenarios of how shocked Logan would be if Morgan just kissed him out of the blue.  Then my mind drifted back to Cade, and my imaginings became a lot more erotic.  Feeling guilty about the turn my thoughts had taken, I distracted myself by trying to imagine what my new school would be like.

          After my shower, I heard my phone ping with a new text message as I got ready for bed.  It was from Morgan, and I couldn’t believe what I was reading.  OMG! I did it! Call me when you get this

        I assumed that she meant she had kissed Logan, but I was thinking that my assumption had to be wrong as I called her.  She picked up after the first ring.  “Oh my God!” she exclaimed.

         “What happ—“

         “I kissed him,” she cut in, sounding frantic.  “Oh my God, I can’t believe I did it!  I knew I would chicken out if I didn’t do it right away, so I went to his house.  I texted him that I was coming over, and he was waiting for me at the gate.”

          She took a breath before continuing.  “He asked me what was wrong, but I just got out of the car and kissed him.”

          “What, um, what did he do?” I asked hesitantly.

          “He started to kiss me back, but then he pulled back, but I…begged him,” she admitted in embarrassment.  “I was saying please, it’s my first kiss.  God, I shouldn’t have told him that.  He must think I’m pathetic.”

          “But you said he kissed you back,” I reminded her, trying to get her to look on the bright side.

          “And he kissed me again after I begged him to,” she said dismally.  “And it was…”

          I waited as she trailed off, not knowing what to say.

         Her tone changed to one of wonder.  “It was amazing.  I never imagined it could be that amazing.  Twenty minutes felt like only one minute, and I could have kissed him for hours.  It was—“

          “Wait,” I interrupted her.  “He kissed you for twenty minutes?”

          “Well, minus the time I was begging him like a loser,” she replied, her mood taking a downturn.  “I was so nervous when I saw him standing by the gate that I looked down at the dashboard and saw the time.  It was 10:02.  Then I forced myself to get out of the car and kiss him.”

          “And when you were leaving it was ten…but who ended the kiss?” I asked instead of completing the time calculations.

          “He did,” she answered, her voice becoming frantic again.  “He didn’t say anything, and he just took off and left me standing there.  I got in the car and stared at the dashboard for three minutes until I got a text from him.  It was only one word—goodnight.  What do I do now?  How can I ever face him again?”

              “He kissed you for twenty minutes,” I marveled.  “He likes you for sure, Morgan.  Wow!”

           “But he didn’t say anything,” she repeated uncertainly, “and he only kissed me because I begged him to.”

           “Not for that long,” I told her.  “He wouldn’t kiss you for that long unless he wanted to.”

          “Are you sure?” she questioned me desperately.

          “Yes,” I replied.  “He was just as into it as you were if he lost track of time like that.  God Morgan, you’ve got guts,” I added in admiration.  “I didn’t think you’d go do it tonight.” 

          “I didn’t think I’d do it at all,” she said.  “I can’t even believe that I did.  It was just the fact that your other plan worked when I didn’t think it would, and then when you told me to kiss him, I kept thinking about it, and I knew I would lose my nerve if I waited.  But now I’m freaking out about it, because I screwed it up so bad, and I’ll never be able to face him again.”

          “You didn’t screw up anything,” I assured her.  “You said yourself that it was amazing.”

          “For me,” she said.  “I have no idea what it was like for him.  And I don’t know what he thinks of me now.  Oh my God, I can’t believe I did that!”

          “Calm down,” I pleaded.  “He likes you, Morgan.  This proves it.  He kissed you back.”

          “After I begged him to.”

          “No, you said he started to kiss you back before that,” I reminded her.

          “Yeah, but then he pulled away until I begged—“

          I cut her off insistently.  “His first impulse was to kiss you back.  That tells you what you need to know.  He liked it, and you liked it, so just stop worrying about it.”

          “I can’t,” she sighed.  “I don’t think I’ll be able to sleep tonight.”

          As much as I empathized with her obsessing over Logan’s reaction, her worries were so innocent compared to mine.  Cade and I would never make it through such a long kissing session without it getting out of control.  I was trying to have a normal dating progression with him, but that seemed to be impossible with us.

          I was keen to cheer Morgan through all her romantic milestones though.  “Your first kiss,” I gushed, “and it was amazing.  You’ve gotta be happy about that!  Think about it.  It could have been sloppy and gross.”

         She giggled.  “Yeah, one of my friends said that about her first kiss, but it happened in seventh grade during a game of truth or dare.”

          “Were you there with her?” I asked.

          “No,” she replied.  “I always avoided stuff like that.”

          “Why?” I questioned curiously.

          She sighed.  “Because I didn’t want to have to kiss a guy I didn’t like, or to be more honest, any guy who wasn’t Logan.  I couldn’t imagine kissing anyone else.”

         “And it finally happened!” I exclaimed.

          “Yeah,” she agreed in a dreamy tone, “and it was even better than I imagined.  Except,” she added wistfully, “it didn’t happen the way I always dreamed it would.  We weren’t on a date, and I don’t even know if he likes me.”

          I expelled my breath in frustration.  “Morgan—“

         “You’re probably sick of talking about this,” she interjected.  “You should get some sleep anyway.  I don’t want you to be tired on your first day.  If I don’t see you before lunch, I’ll find you in the cafeteria.”

          “Try to get some sleep too,” I urged her.

          “I’ll try,” she promised.

          I lay awake myself for a while after we hung up, but I was feeling excited for Morgan rather than anxious.  It was how I should have felt for Skylar when Cade asked her out, but I had disliked him too much to be happy for her.  Now I was dating him myself, and I had replaced her with a new friend.  Guilt momentarily made my mood plummet, but I pushed all thoughts of Skylar from my mind and focused on the exciting new development between Morgan and Logan.

         I thought about whether I should tell Cade, but I decided that this was a secret to be shared only between best friends.  It seemed that’s what Morgan and I had become, because she had shared it with me instead of calling one of her other friends.  That thought made me settle contentedly to sleep.


























Chapter 37



          My new school was much bigger than I had expected it to be.  These people lived in houses that were much larger than they needed to be, so I should have known that the size of the school would not be in proportion to the size of the student body.  The building also looked nothing like the typical, nondescript schools I had attended in the past.  The entrance, with its tall white columns and clock tower, made it look like a historic landmark rather than a modern school.

          That image was reinforced when I stepped into the arched hallway.  Seeing students dressed in jeans helped to alleviate some of my nervousness about fitting in.  We weren’t required to wear uniforms, and the dress code was the standard in the other schools I had attended as well.  The main office also had the familiar look of a school office, but the headmaster’s office did not.  It was spacious and extravagant for a principal’s office with its leather furniture—including a couch—and heavy, expensive desk set in front of floor to ceiling bookshelves containing scholarly-looking volumes of books that added prestige to the decor.

          To my surprise, the headmaster was a woman.  She was dressed in a sharp black sheath dress and suit jacket and had the demeanor of a person who commanded respect.  Her attitude toward me was pleasant enough, though, as she introduced herself as Ms. Owens and welcomed me to Eastland.  

          “We’re happy to have you here,” she told me.  “I hope you’ll take advantage of the excellent education you can get here and apply yourself.  We have tutoring available if you need help, so there is no reason you can’t do well.  It’s all up to you, Alexandra.  We have some of the best teachers in the country, but how much you learn is entirely up to you.”

          I felt like this was a veiled criticism of my academic performance.  I got more B’s than A’s, and I had been content with that until now.  This woman was implying that I needed help, which was something that would only be suggested at my old school if I was in danger of failing.  Clearly, this place expected much more from their students, and I regretted my impulsive decision to transfer here.

          I hadn’t been thinking of anything academic at the time though.  All I had thought about was escaping Skylar’s hatred and my shame.  At least nobody here knew about that.  Except for Morgan, and I trusted her not to tell anyone else.  I was starting with a clean social slate here, although my grades had already made a bad impression on the headmaster.  

          “I’ll study more,” I promised her, striving to improve her opinion of me.

          Her brief smile doled out a scrap of approval toward me.  “We encourage all of our students to achieve excellence, Alexandra.  Don’t settle for less than your best effort.”

           “I won’t,” I told her.

          “Alright,” she said as she picked up a folder from her desk, “here is your schedule and our handbook.  Don’t hesitate to come to me with any concerns you might have.”

          “Thank you,” I replied, feeling relieved to be dismissed.  
          After leaving the office, I pulled the map I had already printed out at home out of my purse and searched for the location of my first class.  The hallways looked more like those in a regular school once I was out of the administration building.  There were rows of lockers, but I didn’t bother searching for mine yet.  I was more concerned with making it to class on time and not drawing more attention to myself than I already would by being a new student.

          To make matters worse, my first class was Spanish I, because this school required three years of a language to graduate.  Since I didn’t have to take a language at my previous schools, I was starting with the beginner class as a junior and would have to catch up with summer school and tutoring in order to take Spanish III the following school year.  This also meant that I would be in class with freshmen this year.

          Since I had arrived at school early for my meeting with the headmaster, I managed to be the first student to walk into Spanish class, although there were students out in the hallway who looked curiously at me.  At least I didn’t have to introduce myself to the teacher in front of the other kids.

          She was expecting me, and she had an entire packet of make-up work for me already.  Starting in October had put me considerably behind, but Robert had hired a tutor for me who would be coming to the house every day after school.  It was a good thing that I had quit my job, because I would be spending a lot of time on homework.  Although I still had this week to finish the two weeks’ notice I had given my boss, he had already cut my hours.  I would only be working two days this week, and that would only be on Friday and Saturday night.  It wouldn’t affect my first week at my new school at all.

          I sat down at a random desk and placed the packet of homework inside my backpack before setting it down on the floor by my feet.  I left my new textbook on my desk so that I would be prepared when class began.  Other students started entering the classroom, all of them throwing curious glances at me.

          I had been prepared to move if I was in someone’s seat, but no one seemed to mind where I was sitting.  The class was so small that there were plenty of empty desks.  I counted only twelve students, and I tried not to take it as a bad sign that I was number thirteen.

          “Buenos dias,” the teacher said after the bell rang.  “That means good morning,” she explained, looking directly at me.  “We have a new student,” she continued as she shifted her gaze toward the rest of the class.  “Alexandra,” she addressed me, “do you prefer to be called by your full name or a nickname?”

           “Lexie,” I answered, dreading having to talk about myself.  “Um, my nickname.”

          “Alright, Lexie,” she replied.  “Welcome to Spanish.  Follow along as best as you can.”

          With that brief introduction, she then began class without putting any more attention on me.  I was grateful that she didn’t tell them any other information about me, and I hoped that the rest of my teachers would be as considerate and accommodating.

          I tried to absorb as much of the unfamiliar words as I could, but I could see that I had a lot of catching up to do.  When class ended, I shoved my textbook into my backpack while recalling the general direction of my next class, which I had found on the map earlier.  As I stood up, one of the boys approached me.

          He smiled confidently at me.  “Eres bella.  That means you are beautiful,” he explained.  “I’m Brent, and you can borrow my notes, Lexie.  I can help you study too if you want.”

          With his dark good looks, he was like a baby-faced version of Cade.  He already had the self-assurance of a guy who was used to female attention, but his demeanor wasn’t arrogant.  If I was a freshman girl without a boyfriend, he would have definitely caught my attention.

          “Uh, I’m a junior,” I admitted as a way of hinting that he was too young for me.  “I’ve got a tutor to help me catch up with the rest of the class, but thanks for offering to help.”

          I walked past him, but he fell into step beside me in the hallway.  “What do you have next?” he queried.  “I’ll walk you there.”

          “Don’t you have to get to your own class?” I questioned.

          “I’ll make it,” he assured me.  “Even if I’m a little late, it’s okay.  So, tell me what class you have next.”

          “English III,” I replied, not wanting to waste any more time arguing with him.  “It’s in room—“

          “I know where it is,” he interjected and turned to walk in the opposite direction of the one we had been facing.  “I’m going there too.”

          “You are?” I asked in surprise as I automatically fell into step beside him.

          “All the English classes are in the same section,” he explained.  “I have English now too, so it works out perfectly.”

          “Yeah,” I agreed, although this wasn’t helping him take the hint that we weren’t a match.

          “There’s this awesome burger place nearby,” he said.  “I’ll bet you’ve never had a better burger in your life.  I can take you there after school.”

           “Thanks for inviting me, but I have a boyfriend,” I told him.

          “That’s why we can go as friends,” he stated smoothly without missing a beat.  “Unless you don’t want to be seen with a freshman,” he added.

          “No, it’s not that,” I assured him, not wanting him to think that I was so shallow. 

          “What is it then?” he asked.  “Does your boyfriend not let you have friends?  Because that’s one of the signs of an abusive—“

          “Cade is not abusive,” I interrupted him hastily.  “Of course I can have friends.”

          “Good,” he said.  “Then we can be friends.”

          Cade could take lessons from this kid.  He had manipulated me into either becoming his friend or being the mean girl who had rejected his friendship.  So, of course, I found myself unable to make anymore protests against his tactics.  He ended up seeing my schedule when I pulled it out after he asked me what my last class of the day was.  Brent stood too close so that he could see it too.

          “Okay, I’ll see you then,” he told me.  “Or,” he added casually, “you could sit at my table during lunch if you have no one to sit with.”

          “I actually do,” I replied.  “I’ve got a friend that goes to this school.”

          “Oh,” he responded in surprise.  “That’s good.  Who is it, if you don’t mind me asking.  I know a lot of people here, because my brother goes to school here too.”

          “Her name is Morgan Stewart,” I answered him.  “She’s a sophomore,” I added to show him that I didn’t exclude people from other grades.

          “I know her,” he said.  “My brother is completely in love with her.”  He gestured toward a classroom.  “This is you.  I’m down the hall.”

          The warning bell rang then.  “I’ll see you later, Lexie,” he said, parting from me with a smile before I could ask him about his brother.

          I was intrigued with who this guy was, because Morgan hadn’t mentioned him.  Maybe she didn’t know how he felt about her.  It occupied my thoughts until a girl in my English class spoke to me.

          “Hi.  I’m Julia,” she introduced herself to me.

          I looked at the pretty Asian girl sitting at the desk beside mine.  “Hi, Julia,” I replied, remembering to repeat her name to help me remember it.  “I’m Lexie.”

          “It’s nice to meet you, Lexie,” she said, perhaps using the same memory trick.  “You’re welcome to sit with me at lunch.”

          “Thanks so much,” I told her sincerely, “but I promised my friend, Morgan, that I’d sit with her.  I could see if—“

          “That’s okay,” she cut in.  “I just didn’t want you to sit by yourself.  I didn’t know that you already knew someone here.”

          “Yeah,” I said, “she’s my neighbor.” 

          “Morgan Rhodes?” she questioned.  “Because she sits at my table, so—“

          “No,” I interrupted her, “Morgan Stewart.”

          “Taylor’s sister?” she queried in surprise.  “She’s a sophomore.  I would have expected you to be sitting with Taylor.”

          The bell to begin class rang then, sparing me from having to explain that Taylor didn’t like me.  At least I wasn’t behind in English, and everyone that I had met here had been nice to me so far.  Being the new student at this school wasn’t as bad as I had expected.  My English teacher didn’t even mention me to the class, so not being singled out helped me relax.  This school wasn’t so different from my other schools after all.

          Then I saw the cafeteria with its expansive view of the countryside seen through the floor to ceiling windows.  I stood staring at it until Morgan’s voice drew my attention to her.

          “Let’s get our food,” she urged.

          I had seen her in the hallway earlier before my Algebra II class, and she had hugged me in excitement.  I suspected that had more to do with her elation over kissing Logan than happiness about seeing me.

          We went to wait in line, and I got another surprise when I saw that they had a salad bar.  Morgan talked happily about getting the chicken parmesan.  She informed me that they also had eggplant parmesan if I preferred that.  I found out that they also had barbeque pulled pork sandwiches and steamed corn today.  There was also a deli station for those who wanted sandwiches.  It was a far cry from the pizza and tater tots that were the highlights in most school cafeterias. 

          The floor wasn’t the shiny linoleum that was used in all the schools I had attended.  It was real tile with a pattern that gave it a textured look.  The chairs we sat on were wooden rather than the plastic ones that were the norm in school cafeterias.  Except for all the students, this place looked nothing like any cafeteria I had ever seen.

          The girl from my English class waved to me as I walked past her, and I waved back.  Morgan was excited about it.  

          “Julia Ozawa likes you,” she exclaimed excitedly.  “You’re in!”

          “In what?” I asked.

          “In with the queen bee,” she explained.  “Julia is the most popular junior.  Taylor is so jealous of her,” she added gleefully.

          “Oh,” I responded in surprise.  “She seems really nice.”

         “Yeah, she is,” Morgan agreed.  “And she’s really talented too.  She’s an actual musical prodigy.”

          We had arrived at the table, and she set her tray down and motioned for me to take the seat beside her.  The seat on the other side of her was occupied by a girl who had filled her plate from the salad bar.  Morgan introduced me to her, and I learned that her name was Lauren.  I was secretly pleased that I would be able to remember her name by thinking of our personal chef.

          This Lauren was an African American girl who looked like she had just come from a fashion shoot.  Was everyone at this school good-looking, I wondered.  Yet another attractive person joined us at our table.
          “Hello,” he greeted me.  “You’re in my seat, but that’s okay since you’re the right gender.  If you were a guy, you’d have to move.”

          “No she wouldn’t,” Morgan retorted.  “You don’t own that seat.”  She glanced at me.  “Just ignore him.”

          “Aren’t you going to introduce us?” he asked as he set down his tray beside me.  “I’m Blaine,” he told me himself.

          “You’re Blaine?” I exclaimed in complete surprise.

          He broke into one of the most appealing smiles I had ever seen.  “You’ve heard of me?  Has Morgan been talking about me?”

          “Shut up,” she commanded, and I wasn’t sure if she was talking to him or me.

          Her attitude made it clear that he was the same Blaine that she had told me about, but he was nothing like I had imagined him.  I just hadn’t expected him to be so cute.  I knew that he would be good-looking, but I expected someone hot who went around seducing girls with his sex appeal and seductive attitude.  I hadn’t anticipated a guy with such an infectious smile and whose appearance would be described as cute much more than sexy.

          I found myself smiling at him.  “Hi.  I’m Lexie.”

          “Hi, Lexie,” he replied and sat down next to me.  “If you’re Morgan’s friend, then you’re my friend too.  Morgan is the love of my life.  Did she tell you that?”

          I was exceedingly delighted to be his friend, and I wasn’t the only one.  Two other girls joined us, both of them exclaiming his name happily in greeting.  Their names were Kayla and Audrey, and they were both blonde like Morgan.  Blaine had dark brown hair and brown eyes, and I thought that he and Morgan would make the cutest couple ever.

          Although he was friendly with the rest of us, it was obvious that he was paying special attention to Morgan.  “What’d you do this weekend?” he asked her.  “You said it was good.  Usually you just say it was okay.”

          She blushed, and her gaze dropped down to her plate.  Blaine’s happy expression disappeared as he watched her.  His own gaze dropped down, and I could see him struggling with some emotion.  When he lifted his eyes, he looked at her with intensity.

          “Are you happy with him?” he asked.

          Morgan’s startled gaze flew toward him.  “How…uh, what do you mean?”

          “I know you only feel that way about one person.  So I just want to know now that…things have changed, are you happy?” 

          “I uh,” Morgan hedged uncomfortably as her gaze shifted away from his.  Then she seemed to gather her resolve, and she looked directly at him again.  “I’m happy.”

          His shoulders slumped, but he responded in a caring tone.  “That’s all that matters.”

          “What are you two talking about?” Audrey asked in bewilderment.  “What’s changed, and who’s making her happy?”  She looked from Blaine to Morgan.  “Do you have a boyfriend?” she questioned.  “Oh my God, who is it?”  

          Blaine pushed back his chair and stood up.  “I’ll see you guys later.”

          “Where are you going?” Kayla protested.  “You haven’t even eaten your lunch yet.”

          I’m not hungry,” he said and dumped his food in the trash as he walked away.

          “That boy is so in love with you,” Lauren remarked.

          I glanced at her and saw her looking thoughtfully in the direction he had gone.  Something clicked in my mind at her words.  “Wait, is that Brent’s brother?”

          “Yes,” Kayla confirmed, “but how do you know Brent?  He’s a freshman.”

          “He’s in my Spanish class,” I explained.  “We didn’t have to take a language at my other school, so I’m in the beginner class.”

          “Brent is going to be just as hot as Blaine,” Audrey declared.

          “You think Blaine is hot?” I questioned.  “I think he’s cute.”

          “That’s how he gets you,” Lauren said.  “He’s so cute that you don’t have your guard up against him.  Before you know it, you’re making out with him.” 

          “You’ve made out with him?” I asked before realizing that I was prying into her personal life when I’d only just met her.

          “Not me,” she replied enigmatically.

          “I wish he’d make out with me,” Audrey sighed.

          “Me too,” Kayla said.

          My attention was on Morgan though.  Lauren’s gaze had slid toward her after saying not me, and Morgan had stiffened in her seat.  I got the feeling that Lauren knew something that Audrey and Kayla didn’t, and I was intrigued by the undercurrent of tension Morgan was projecting.  Was she upset about the girl Blaine had made out with?
            She had made it sound like she had no interest in him, but she hadn’t told me that he apparently sat beside her at lunch every day.  What else hadn’t she mentioned to me? 

          “I don’t know why you keep turning him down,” Audrey said to Morgan.  “This boyfriend you’ve got has to be amazing if you picked him over Blaine.”

          I was surprised that they didn’t know about her crush on Logan.  Blaine certainly seemed to, which also made me wonder why she would tell him when she hadn’t told her other friends.  Yet he did seem to care for her.  What he said about her happiness being the only thing that mattered was so sweet, and it became more touching to me the longer I thought about it.

          I didn’t understand why she had described him as a player when he seemed to be a great guy.  Yet Logan had also called him a womanizer.  His behavior didn’t match that image for me, but I had only just met him.  I didn’t know him well enough to judge what kind of a person he was.  He had made a good first impression on me, but that wasn’t enough to go on.

          I knew that I should listen to the people who had known him longer, but it was difficult not to trust my own perception of him.  I reminded myself that my perception had been wrong before.  I had thought that Cade was just a selfish jerk, but I had discovered his hidden sweet side.

          Maybe Blaine was the opposite, and he only appeared to be nice on the surface.  Yet I also wondered if Morgan had misjudged him the same way that I had misjudged Cade.  It was something that I wanted to discuss with her when we were alone.

          At the moment, she was preoccupied with deflecting Audrey’s curiosity about her mysterious boyfriend.  “I don’t have a boyfriend,” she insisted, and she wasn’t lying.

          Logan hadn’t asked her to become his girlfriend, but we were both hoping that he would.  She had told Blaine that she was happy, but that wouldn’t be completely true until Logan asked her out.  I was sure that he would now that he had kissed her.  

          “So, where are you from, Lexie?” Lauren asked me in what I suspected was an attempt to shift the focus away from Morgan’s love life, which reinforced my perception of her as a good friend to Morgan.

          “She transferred from a public school,” Morgan explained.

          “How do you know each other?” Audrey enquired, having been successfully distracted from her quest to uncover Morgan’s secrets.

          “She’s my new neighbor,” Morgan answered.  

         “Oh?” Lauren responded with a speculative look at me.  “What do your parents do?”

          “My mom was a waitress,” I replied, “but she’s going to college now to become a teacher.  My dad died a long time ago.”

          Lauren seemed confused by my answer, and she glanced at Morgan for help.  “Her mom married Robert Stover,” Morgan told her.
          “Ah,” Lauren said like she was having an epiphany.

          Kayla spoke up in response to this information.  “I heard that his son is hot.  He’s your stepbrother now, Lexie, right?”

          “Uh, yeah,” I confirmed, although I no longer thought of him that way.  He was simply Cade to me.

          “Can you set me up with him?” she asked.

          “Uh, he’s got a girlfriend,” I said, hoping that she would drop the subject.

          “Oh, well let me know if they break up,” she requested.

         “We can still look at him in the meantime,” Audrey suggested.  “Maybe Lexie will invite us over.”
 
          “Uh, yeah,” I agreed since she had put me on the spot like that.  “Maybe this weekend you guys could—“

         “That would be perfect,” Audrey said before I could finish my sentence.  “Just as long as he’s not out on a date when we come over.  So it should probably be during the day.  Find out when he’s going to be home, Lexie.”

          “Okay,” I replied, a little taken aback by her presumptive attitude.  “You should come too,” I added, speaking to Lauren.  I didn’t want to leave her out if I was inviting the other girls.

          “I wouldn’t miss it,” she replied drily.  “There’s a new guy to drool over.”

          “Like you don’t look at hot guys,” Audrey retorted.  “Please, like you’re too mature for that.”

          “There’s nothing wrong with looking, but you could be a little more subtle about it,” Lauren advised.

          “Why?” Audrey asked.  “Why waste time instead of letting him know right away that you’re interested?  That way he’ll know he can approach you if he’s interested in you.” 

          “True,” Lauren agreed, “but I like that mystery when you first meet someone.  It’s fun to wonder if he likes you.”

          “No, it’s not,” Audrey disagreed.  “Waiting is torture.  The fun part is when you know he likes you.”

          I sided with Audrey on this one.  Knowing that my feelings were reciprocated was better than wondering how the guy I liked felt about me.  I was sure that Morgan didn’t find it fun to wonder if Logan liked her as much as she liked him.  Lauren’s attitude was enviable, but I couldn’t enjoy uncertainty myself.  I wanted to feel secure in my romantic relationship.

          Thinking about this made me feel even more empathy for Morgan.  It was easy for me to assure her that Logan liked her, but she needed to hear it from him.  Yet I also found myself feeling sympathy for Blaine, because he also seemed to really like Morgan.  His own brother had even told me that he was in love with her, and his reaction to her saying that she was happy with someone else appeared to confirm that.

          Remembering what his brother said also reminded me that I was going out for a burger with him after school.  Somehow, I had been manipulated into going out with a freshman and inviting other girls home to ogle my boyfriend.  My worries about my first day in this school hadn’t included situations like these, but new people always brought unforeseen circumstances into your life.

          My relationship with Cade had already spun a tangled web, and I was becoming more entangled in it as I got stuck in the strands of deceit and deception we had created.  We had to hide the truth from most people, but Morgan was hiding the truth from herself.

          She confessed it to me on the phone that night when Logan still hadn’t called her.  “I kissed Blaine.”

          I stopped speaking in the middle of my rant to call Logan and get on his case about his behavior toward her.  “What?” I exclaimed in shock.

          “Last year,” she explained.  “It happened at a party.  We were in a room by ourselves, so I thought that nobody saw it.  But maybe Logan somehow found out about it, and maybe he’s mad at me about lying to him about being my first kiss.”

           “I really wanted him to be,” she continued as I listened in shocked silence.  “I just felt like it was so hopeless when he started dating Julia.  They were the perfect couple, both of them the best of the best.  Everyone said they belonged together, and I knew they were right.  Julia’s so talented, and there’s nothing special about me.”

          “That’s not true,” I protested.  “You’re—“

          “But Blaine made me feel special,” she interrupted me.  “He started bringing me those roses the very next day after he met me, and he wanted to know everything about me.  I didn’t want him to keep waiting for me, so I told him that I was in love with someone else and that he should go out with other girls.  He did, but he never stopped bringing me roses and talking to me.”

          “And sitting with you at lunch,” I added.

          “Yeah,” she said.  “And he was at that party when I decided to get drunk and forget about Logan, but Blaine wouldn’t let me have another drink after my second one.  He took the cup out of my hand, and he took me into the laundry room to talk.  But I just wanted to…”

          She sighed heavily.  “I knew that he liked me, and I felt like it would never happen with Logan.  So…I kissed him.  And it was…”  She trailed off.  “I forgot about Logan,” she admitted.  “I told myself that it was the alcohol making me act like that.  It had to be, right?” she asked me desperately.

          “Or maybe you like him,” I suggested.  “He is very cute, and—“

          “Not you too!” she exclaimed, interrupting my reasoning.  “Everyone thinks I’m crazy not to go out with him, but—“
          “Why’d you tell me Logan was your first kiss?” I cut in, wondering why she had lied to me about it.

         “Because I wanted him to be,” she answered.  “The one with Blaine doesn’t really count, because I was kind of drunk.  That’s why it got so out of control.  I wouldn’t have acted that way if—“

          I immediately interrupted her again.  “How out of control did it get?”

         She responded after a pause during which I remembered her reaction when Lauren mentioned a girl making out with Blaine.  “It went a little further than kissing,” she said without elaborating.  “Blaine stopped…he, uh, stopped it and got Lauren to drive me home.  I said all this stuff to her about him, but it was the alcohol.  I was mortified the next day, but it didn’t seem like he ever told anyone about it.”

          I thought about Lucas bragging to his friends about taking my virginity.  “Blaine seems like a nice guy,” I said.

          “He is,” she conceded, “for a guy who dates so many girls.  Or at least he used to.”

          “He doesn’t anymore?” I questioned, already guessing when he stopped.

          “Not since we kissed,” she confirmed.  “He said that it proved I liked him, even though I told him it was a mistake.  Now I’m worried that Logan feels that way about kissing me.  He would have called me by now if he liked me, wouldn’t he?”

          I was still distracted by her revelations about Blaine.  “The plan you had to sleep with another guy, was that going to be Blaine?”

          “He’s the most experienced guy I know,” she replied defensively.  “That was the only reason.”

          “No, it wasn’t,” I contradicted her.  “You’re attracted to him, probably more attracted to him than you are to Logan.”

            “What?” she exclaimed in outrage.  “That’s not true!  I love Logan.”

           “But you want Blaine,” I stated.  “Your kiss with Logan didn’t get out of control.”

            “That only happened with Blaine because of the alcohol,” she insisted.

            I changed tactics.  “What happened with Blaine the day after you kissed him?  Did you talk to him that day?”

           “Yes,” she answered.  “He showed up at my house with a bouquet of roses, assuming that we were a couple, but I told him it was a mistake.”

            “He brought you a bouquet of roses after you kissed, and what has Logan done?”

            I felt bad to put it so bluntly, but I let the silence stretch.

            “Nothing,” Morgan finally said, and I could hear the sadness in her voice as she began to cry.  “You said that he liked me, but—“

          “I’ll find out,” I promised her, unable to stand how despondent she was.  “I’ll talk to him and find out what’s going on with him.”

          So now I was entangled in Morgan’s love life too, but I didn’t know how caught up in this web I really was.



  




































Chapter 38
     


          I started the conversation with Logan by regaling him with my first day experiences at Eastland.  He laughed when I told him about being manipulated into going out after school with a freshman guy.  The burger really had been as good as Brent promised though, and I had used the opportunity to question him about Blaine.  

          “So, you like my brother too?” he had asked in disappointment.  “He might go out with you, but it’s not going to last.  I told you he’s in love with your friend, Morgan.”

           “I have a boyfriend,” I had reminded him.  “I’m not interested in going out with your brother.”

          “You seem interested,” he had grumbled.

          “Only for Morgan,” I had told him.  “She told me that he’s a player.”

          “She told him to go out with other girls!” he had exclaimed.  “He was just trying to make her jealous anyway, but he didn’t even have sex with them.”

          “Yeah, right,” I had said.

          “It’s true,” he had insisted.  “He told me he’s still a virgin.”

          I had gaped at him in disbelief.

          “Uh, please don’t go around telling people that,” he had pleaded.  “Blaine wouldn’t want everyone to know that, but he wanted me to know that it’s stupid to compete with other guys in that area.  He said to stick to real accomplishments that our mom can be proud of.”

          I had wanted to tell Morgan what Brent said, but her revelation about kissing Blaine had distracted me.  I decided to tell Logan about my conversation with Brent, which was something that I probably didn’t think through thoroughly.  His laughter died down when I revealed that Brent was Blaine’s brother.

          “A virgin,” Logan repeated skeptically after I told him.  “He went out with a lot of girls, and Eastland isn’t even that big.”

          “Eastland is very big,” I countered.  “It just doesn’t have a lot of students.  Anyway, going out with a girl doesn’t mean you have to sleep with her.  Did you sleep with Julia?”

           I had thrown that in there to catch him off guard, but it didn’t work.  “That would fall under the heading of none of your business,” he said.

          “C’mon,” I cajoled.  “We’re friends, and friends tell each other stuff like that.  I told you that I haven’t slept with Cade yet.”

          “But you haven’t told me about losing your virginity,” he retorted.

          “You lost your virginity to Julia?” I questioned in surprise.

         “I didn’t say that,” he replied testily.

          “But you implied it,” I said.

          “No,” he argued, “you inferred it.”  

          “Same difference,” I stated, my mind still processing this revelation.

          “No, it’s not,” he corrected me.  “To imply is to strongly suggest something, which I didn’t do.  To infer is to deduce—“

          “You’re the one who mentioned virginity,” I interjected.  “We were talking about sex, but you brought up losing your virginity.  I think I deduced correctly.”

          “No,” he denied, “you didn’t.”  

           “What’s the big deal if you tell me?” I asked.

          “A gentleman doesn’t kiss and tell,” he stated.

          “Ah, well now that you mentioned kissing,” I began.  “Morgan told me.  Good thing she’s not a gentleman,” I tried to joke.

          Silence.

          “Uh,” I continued after that awkward pause, “that’s actually why I called to talk to you.  She’s wondering, um, if you…if you’re going to, um—“

          “I’m leaving after Christmas,” he cut in.

          “But you promised you’d stay!” I exclaimed.  “You said if she didn’t go out with Blaine, you’d—“

          “I changed my mind,” he interrupted me again.  “If his reputation is false, he might be the right guy for her.”

          “But it might not be false,” I protested.  “His brother might be lying about him being a virgin.  He knows I’m friends with Morgan, so he might just be saying that to get her to go out with him.”

          “You were right,” he said.  “I have to let her get over me and move on.”

          “But you kissed her back,” I argued.  “I know that you like her.”

          A knock on my bedroom door interrupted me this time.  “Damn it!” I swore.  “Hold on, someone’s—“
          “I have to go,” Logan said.  “Goodnight, Lexie.”

          “No,” I protested, but he hung up.

          I was frustrated and annoyed when I yanked open the door.  Cade’s expression changed from smiling to concerned.

          “It’s Logan,” I answered after he asked me what was wrong.  “He said he was going to stay here, but now he’s leaving again.”

          Cade frowned.  “Why are you so obsessed with him?”

          “Not this again,” I retorted in annoyance.  “You know that Morgan likes him.  I got him to promise to stay here if she didn’t go out with Blaine, but now he’s changed his mind.  She’s going to be heartbroken.”

          “I told you to leave it alone,” he reminded me.

          “I just wanted to help her,” I said defensively.

          “I know,” he said, his expression softening.  “You’re being a good friend, but I’m feeling a little neglected,” he admitted.  “You’re busy with everyone else, and you’re forgetting about me.”

         “Poor baby,” I teased, my mood becoming playful.  “Don’t worry.  My new friends from school are coming over this weekend to drool over you.”

          “What?” he asked, looking comically startled.

          I laughed.  “Those were Lauren’s exact words too.  She said that they had a new guy to drool over, but she was being sarcastic about how immature they are.  Audrey and Kayla don’t care what she thinks though.  They can’t wait to drool over you.”

          He groaned.  “Please tell me you’re joking.”

         “Nope,” I told him.  “That’s what it’s like when you have a hot…”  I trailed off uncomfortably.

         “Boyfriend,” Cade supplied, but his expression had sobered too.

         “They want to meet my hot stepbrother,” I stated dully.  

         “Lexie,” he began.

         “This is how it’s going to be,” I continued.  “Girls will want me to set them up with you.  Audrey already asked me to, but I told her you have a girlfriend.”

          “I do,” he stated firmly.  “You’re the only girl I want, Lexie.”

          “You’re the only guy I want,” I said in response, “but that’s not the problem.  We can’t tell people that we’re together.”

          “We will,” he promised.  “One day we’ll be able to tell everyone.”

          “When?” I demanded.  “I don’t see when we’re going to be able to—“

          “When we’re in college,” he interjected.  “We can go to the same college, and we’ll be free to do what we want there.”

          “College,” I repeated in dismay, although I knew that he was right.  As long as we were living with our parents, we’d have to keep our relationship a secret from them.

          “You’re not gonna give up on me, are you?” he questioned anxiously.

         “Of course not,” I assured him.  “We’ll make it to college.”

         He smiled at me in the warm way I loved, and I smiled back at him.  “That’s my favorite smile of yours,” I told him.

         “I have different smiles?” he asked in amusement.

         “Yes,” I said.  “Your grin, which is beautiful too.  Your smirk, which made me want to smack you when we met.  Your sexy smile,” I added a bit shyly.  “But your warm smile is my favorite, because it makes me feel like you like me.”

          “I do like you,” he confirmed as he stepped closer.  He gazed at me as he slowly leaned in for a tender kiss.

          “Tell your friends I’m busy this weekend,” he said as he pulled back.  “I’m going out with my girlfriend, and I expect her to drool over me,” he joked. 

          “Keep dreaming,” I teased.

          His smile turned seductive, but my ringtone intruded on our intimate atmosphere.  “It’s Morgan,” I informed him as I looked at the screen.

          “Ignore it,” he urged.

          I was tempted to do just that and avoid having to tell her what Logan said, but I knew that she was waiting anxiously to hear from me.  “Hey, Morgan,” I greeted her as I answered my phone.

          “Goodnight,” Cade said in exasperation and left my room.

          “Did you talk to Logan?” Morgan asked.

          “Yeah,” I replied, “but we got interrupted by Cade, and Logan wouldn’t wait for me to get rid of him.  He hung up.”
          “But what did he say before that?” she questioned desperately.

          “He said that he doesn’t kiss and tell.”

          “That’s all he said?” she enquired in dismay.

          That was when I should have told her the truth, but I didn’t want to make her anymore upset than she already was.  I also still thought that I could persuade Logan to admit his feelings for her and stay here.  “We didn’t get to talk much before Cade interrupted us, but I’m going to go to his house after school tomorrow and make him talk.  He won’t be able to hang up on me that way.”

          “Okay,” she responded uncertainly.

          “I’ve got to get some homework done,” I told her.  “I was working on Spanish with my tutor earlier, but I’ve got other homework to do.”

           “Right, sorry,” she said.  “I shouldn’t be taking up your time with my problems.”

          “No, I want to help,” I insisted, and I truly did want to.

         “Thank you, Lexie,” she told me.  “I appreciate it so much.  Lauren just keeps telling me that I should go out with Blaine and forget about Logan.  She doesn’t understand how I feel about him.”

          “Have you ever considered giving Blaine a chance?” I asked.  “His brother swears that he’s in love with you.”

           “I’ve always been in love with Logan,” she replied.

           “Okay,” I said, because there appeared to be no point in arguing with her.

          She couldn’t see any other possibility except Logan, but I was starting to regret meddling in her love life.  It didn’t seem to me like I had made anything better.



    


          

             

              


          

   
Chapter 39


 
          Mom was incredibly excited about going to college.  She had taken all her placement tests and registered for the next semester, and she couldn’t wait for January.  While I was looking forward to vacation, she was excitedly anticipating going to school.

          “Just wait until you have to do homework,” I admonished her.  “You’ll miss your free time.”

          “No, I won’t,” she denied.  “You and Cade are busy with school.  Robert is busy with work.  I have nothing to do all day.”

          That wasn’t actually true.  She was starting to become involved in charity work, but that didn’t take up as much time as a regular job.  She had gone from working two jobs to not having to work at all, and she was still adjusting to her new lifestyle.  Mom had also started going to the gym, while I didn’t even have time to go for my walks.

          I drove straight to Logan’s house after school so that I would be able to get home quickly afterwards and be there for my session with the Spanish tutor.  Logan had welcomed me over, and I was relieved that our friendship didn’t seem to be affected by what was going on between him and Morgan.

          He even laughed when I demanded to know what the hell was wrong with him.  “What are you talking about?” he demanded playfully.  “I’m flawless.”

          I couldn’t help cracking a smile.  “Almost,” I conceded.  It had been much easier to remain upset with him on the phone when he couldn’t beguile me with his playful expression.  “Morgan,” I said to remind myself of the reason I had come to see him.  “Why are you doing this to her?” I added more forcefully.

         His expression sobered.  “I shouldn’t have kissed her.”

          “No, that’s not the problem,” I told him.  “It was good that you finally kissed her, but why won’t you admit your feelings for her?”

          “I haven’t hidden my feelings for her,” he denied.  “I’ve always liked Morgan.  She’s a sweet girl.  When you say that I finally kissed her, you’re implying that it was inevitable, but it wasn’t.  That’s why I shouldn’t have done it, because she has romantic feelings for me.”

          “You’re saying that you don’t have romantic feelings for her?” I asked incredulously.  “You kissed her for twenty minutes!”

          “She kept track of how long we kissed?” he questioned in disbelief.

          It made her sound deranged when he put it like that, so I tried to give him a reasonable explanation.  “She knew what time she arrived, and she was kind of in a trance staring at the clock afterwards.”  That made me want to wince with how pathetic it sounded.

          “I wondered what she was doing,” he mumbled to himself.

          “You liked kissing her,” I forged on.  “You can’t tell me you don’t feel—“

         “Attraction?” he interjected.  “Yes I do.  Morgan is an attractive girl.  So are you.  I could kiss you too, but that wouldn’t mean that I have romantic feelings for you.”

          I stared at him.  “But you didn’t want her to go out with Blaine.  You got upset about it.  I know you were jealous,” I insisted.

          “Concerned,” he corrected me.  “I was concerned because of his reputation as a player.  Morgan is so innocent that I was worried he’d take advantage of her.”

          “You weren’t jealous?” I asked in dismay.

          “No,” he confirmed.

         “But you offered to cancel your trip if she didn’t go out with him,” I protested.  “I can’t believe you’d change all your plans like that if you didn’t have feelings for her.”

          “I do have feelings for her,” he replied, “but they aren’t romantic.  I feel affection for her, and she’s obviously growing up to be a beautiful girl.”

          “Affection and attraction can turn into love,” I stated.

          “But they haven’t,” he said.  “I’ve known her for years, and I haven’t fallen in love with her.  Agreeing to cancel my trip was a spur of the moment decision, and I regretted it soon after you left.  I got caught up in wanting to be the hero, but I’m too self-involved to sustain that feeling.” 

          “You don’t seem that way to me,” I told him.  “I thought that Cade was much more conceited when I met him.”

          “Self-contained then,” he amended.  “I get very caught up in my own interests.  That’s why Julia and I understand each other so well.  Her passion for music is more important to her than romance.”

          “Are you still with Julia?” I asked suspiciously, because he was talking about her in the present tense.

          “We see each other occasionally,” he answered.

          “Are you serious?” I exclaimed.  “You cheated on her?  I can’t believe this!”

          “We no longer have a traditional relationship.  We left it open to still see each other when I came back, but we are not a couple per se.”

          “How great for you,” I huffed.  “You get to string two girls along.”

          “It was Julia’s decision.”
          He spoke that statement so stoically without any inflection of defensiveness that I knew it was true.  My outrage fell as flat as his voice.  “You didn’t want to end it with her,” I surmised.

          He shrugged, but his gaze drifted away from me.  “She’s kind of my Marion, I guess.  She’s got her own life, and I’ve got mine.”

          “Marion?” I prompted quizzically.

          “From Indiana Jones,” he replied.  “Never mind.  The point is that it wasn’t cheating.  It was only kissing anyway.”

          “But I thought that…”

          I trailed off and plopped down on his couch.  “Oh my God,” I said dismally and covered my face with my hands in distress.  “I told her to kiss you.  It’s all my fault.”

          “You’re acting like someone died,” he admonished me.  “Nothing that terrible happened.  At least I hope I’m not that terrible of a kisser,” he joked, defaulting back into his trademark playfulness and charm.

          I removed my hands from my face.  “She did say it was gross,” I deadpanned.  “You were like a slobbering Saint Bernard.”  

          He laughed.  “You see?  She’ll just remember it as a cringe-worthy first kiss, and…”

          I could feel his eyes on me as I guiltily shifted my gaze away from his.

          “What is it?” he questioned.

          “Hmm?” I responded, feigning innocence.

          “What’s that look?” he demanded.  “What are you hiding from me?”

          My gaze dropped to the floor as I spoke to my feet.  “Nothing.”

          “Lexie,” he said in a sharp tone I’d never heard him use before. “what are you not telling me?”

          I looked up at him like a chastised child.  “Uh, that wasn’t her first kiss.”

          He stared at me for a moment before breaking into an unexpected smile.  “That manipulative brat,” he stated in admiration.  “She played me.  I didn’t know she had it in her.” 

          “She played you?” I repeated dubiously.

          “She told me it was her first kiss so that I would keep kissing…”  He trailed off, an uncomfortable look replacing his delighted expression.  “I shouldn’t be talking about this.”

          I waved off his concern dismissively.  “Don’t worry about the kiss and tell thing.  Morgan already told me all about it.  She said that you’re a marathon kisser,” I added teasingly. 

         His discomfort morphed into mischievousness.  “That’s secondhand information.  If you want to verify it for yourself…”

          He left the suggestion unspoken, but it lifted my mood with a surge of giddiness that made me laugh.  “I’ll take her word for it.”

          “Chicken,” he retorted jokingly.

          I hammed it up in response.  “You’re just too much man for me,” I told him in an exaggerated girly voice.

          He flashed his dazzling movie star smile.  “I’ll have to tell Cade you said that.”

          “If they made a movie about your life, you could play yourself,” I remarked.

          “What?” he asked with a bewildered laugh.

          “You look like a movie star,” I explained.  “You’re too beautiful to be a real person.”

           “Movie stars are real people,” he stated.  “They’re not manufactured.”

          “Yeah, that makes it even more unfair,” I complained.  “Some people are born beautiful.”  My gaze swept over him.  “Good thing I like you.  Otherwise I would hate you for having everything.”

          “Are you fishing for compliments?” he asked in amusement.  “You know that you’re not exactly ugly yourself.  Even if you were,” he added sincerely, “it wouldn’t matter to me.”

          “But would you have offered to kiss me?” I challenged.

           He actually appeared to be giving that serious consideration.  “Attraction is partly physical,” he admitted.

          “Aha!” I exclaimed triumphantly.

          “But I don’t think that love is,” he said.  “Personality is the deciding factor.  The actions of that person, your respect and admiration for them.  You don’t respect and admire people for their beauty.”

          I looked at him with new respect and admiration before I became suspicious of him.  “You sure know how to say all the right things, pretty boy.”

          “Boy?” he questioned in mock dismay.  “We’ll need to do more than kiss for me to prove to you that I’m a man.”

          I rolled my eyes.  “I should have known that’s where this was going.  Guys are all the same.”

          He was instantly serious.  “Is Cade pressuring you?”

          “No,” I answered.  “He’s actually not, but…”
          “But?” he prompted when I trailed off.

          I felt my face heating up in embarrassment.  “It’s kind of hard to stop sometimes,” I confessed, adding in the sometimes to make it sound better.  The truth was that I always found it hard to stop with Cade.

          “You don’t have to be embarrassed about that,” he told me.  “It’s not surprising that you’re attracted to your boyfriend.”

          “I wish that he was just my boyfriend,” I admitted.  “I wish that he wasn’t my…that he wasn’t Robert’s son.”

           “Therein lies the problem,” Logan agreed.  “I wish that I had a solution for you.”

          “Why do I always fall for the wrong guy?” I exclaimed without thinking.

          Logan’s expression became intensely serious.  “You think that Cade’s the wrong guy for you?”

          “No,” I answered, taken aback by what I had said.  “It’s just our situation.” 

          “The situation isn’t going to change,” Logan stated.  “He’ll always be Robert’s son.”

          Hearing it stated so clearly and irrefutably made me realize how much I had been avoiding facing it.  Cade was Robert’s son, and Robert was my stepfather.  There was no way to get around the fact that Cade was my stepbrother, as much as I didn’t want to acknowledge him as such.  If only we were older and not living together.  Things would have been much easier for us if we were already in college. 

          “Maybe it’s only the thrill of the forbidden,” Logan suggested.  “Your relationship goes against social norms, and that makes it more exciting.”

          “No,” I denied.  “He kissed me before our relationship was forbidden.  I didn’t even like him.  My friend was the one who…”

          I trailed off as the realization hit me that he was forbidden to me back then too.  He was Skylar’s crush, and he had already asked her out before we kissed.  

          “What were you saying about your friend?” Logan questioned.

          “She liked him,” I replied, “and they were supposed to go out on a date.  But then he kissed me, and I kissed him back.”  I stared wide-eyed at him as I spoke.  “That’s when it all started.”

          “When you went behind your friend’s back with him,” he stated bluntly.  “Because it was forbidden,” he added, coming to the same conclusion I had.

          Was that why I had kissed him?  At the time, I had explained it to myself as giving into temptation after a sexual dry spell.  Then I had decided that my dislike had been masking a sexual attraction for him all along.  Now I was being presented with the idea that it was only the allure of the forbidden.

          “No,” I said.  “I didn’t start liking him until I found out…until I saw his nicer side.  I used to think that he was a selfish jerk.”

          “But now you think that he’s altruistic?” Logan enquired.

          “I think that he’s a good person,” I stated.  “Not perfect,” I amended, remembering his treatment of Jenna, “but a pretty good guy.”

          “You’ve just described most guys,” he remarked.  “What in particular is it about Cade that makes him worth the trouble of this relationship?”

          “I like him,” I answered in a tone that told him it should be obvious.

          “That’s it?” he demanded.  “You like him.  That’s all you’ve got?”

          “I like him,” I repeated.  “That’s why people date—because they like each other.”

          “By that reasoning you could just as easily be dating me,” he said.  “So why did you pick Cade?”

          “Because he’s…because we have…”

          “Sex?” Logan supplied when I faltered for words.

          “No!  We haven’t done that.  It’s more than that anyway.  It’s…well, it’s like there are these hidden parts of Cade that other people don’t get to see.  He can be really romantic and sweet.”

          Logan didn’t look impressed at all.  “So he buys you flowers and follows the usual dating rituals.  Any guy can do that.”

          “It’s more than that,” I argued.  “I got to see a part of him that I never knew existed.  He was really emotional, and he…”  I trailed off because that was too private to talk about.  I wasn’t going to tell Logan that Cade cried.  

          “He told you that he loves you?” Logan pressed.

          “No,” I answered.  “It’s too soon for that.  We only just started dating.”

          We lapsed into silence for a moment.  “That’s not why I came here,” I suddenly spoke aloud as I recalled my reason for coming over.  “Why are you leaving?  You promised you’d stay.”

          “I thought that I could protect Morgan, but I think I’ll do more harm by staying,” he replied.

          “Because you won’t be able to resist her?” I asked excitedly.

          He laughed in response.  “No, Lexie.  Because she’ll want a relationship that I can’t give her.  Julia understands what kind of life I want, because she feels the same way about music.  She wants to be able to give a hundred percent of her attention to it.”

          “What kind of life do you want?” I questioned.  “Why can’t you be in a relationship?”

          “I don’t want to get married, and I don’t want children.  Not ever.”

          “You don’t know that,” I began.  “You feel that way now, but—“

          “I do know that,” he insisted.  “My work will always come first in my life, and that wouldn’t be fair to my family, so I’m not going to have one.”

           “What do your parents think about that?” I queried.  “Where are your parents?” I enquired as I realized that I had yet to meet them.

          “At work,” he answered with a shrug that indicated he wasn’t sure.  “Or maybe at some charity event.”

         “You don’t know where your parents are?” I asked in dismay.  “Did they not tell you or did you forget?”

           “They don’t need to tell me their schedules.  I can call them if I need to get in contact with them.”

          “But you haven’t been home for months,” I protested.  “Why are they going to charity stuff now?  They should be spending as much time with you as they can.”

          “I don’t need them to babysit me,” he replied.  “I’m used to being on my own.”

          “That’s not the point,” I argued.  “It’s not about babysitting you.  It’s about being together as a family.”

          “We’ll be together over the holidays,” he said carelessly like it didn’t concern him.  “They’re taking some time off.  That’s why my mom insisted that I come home.”

          I was somewhat mollified by this, but I still thought they should have been spending more time with their son after he had been gone for months.  That was one of the reasons that I started going to Logan’s house nearly every day after that—so that he wouldn’t be alone all the time.  The other reason was so that I wouldn’t be alone with Cade.

          “You let me know if I shouldn’t come over,” I told Logan.

          “I told you that you’re always welcome here,” he insisted.

          “I meant if you want to be alone with Julia,” I clarified.

          “She’s busy composing a new piece,” he said.

          “She composes music?” I asked in surprise.  “I thought she played an instrument.  Morgan told me she was a musical prodigy, but I thought she was super talented at playing the piano or something.”

          “She is,” he confirmed, “but she also composes music.  She should really be at a school for the arts, but her mother wanted her to have a normal high school experience.  She didn’t want her to be treated like a prodigy.  She’ll be going to Juilliard after she graduates though.”

          “How long does it take to get from Harvard to Juilliard?” I enquired.

          “Three and a half hours by car, and less than an hour to fly there,” he replied, knowing the answer off the top of his head.

          “You’ve looked into it,” I stated.

          It was yet another confirmation that his feelings for Julia were stronger than whatever feelings he had for Morgan.  I’d had no choice but to tell her that Logan wasn’t going to ask her out.  “He says that he has wanderlust,” I said in an attempt to soften the blow.  “He doesn’t even ever want to get married or have kids, Morgan.”

          “He doesn’t?” she asked, her surprise overcoming her disappointment.

          “No,” I confirmed with a sigh.  “It’s a crime against humanity.  What a waste of gorgeous DNA.”

          Morgan giggled, which gave me hope that she wasn’t as devastated as I had feared.  “He’s almost too gorgeous to be real,” she agreed.  “Kissing him felt like a dream.  Sometimes I still think it was.”

          “Are you okay?” I asked.

          “Yeah,” she replied.  “You were right.  He did kiss me back.  That plan worked, so now I’m going to try the other one.”

          “That’s not going to work,” I said.  “Logan’s not going to stay here if you go out with Blaine, so—“

          “I’m going to have sex with him,” she cut in.  “Tomorrow night.  My parents are going to a dinner party, and I invited Blaine to come over.”

          I was completely flabbergasted.  “What…why…how do you even think that’s gonna work?” I sputtered.

          “After I have sex with Blaine, I’ll know what I’m doing.  Then I won’t feel so scared to do it with Logan,” she explained.

          “But you’re not scared to do it with Blaine?” I questioned.

          “No,” she answered.  “Everything’s easy with him.  Probably because he’s had so much practice at it.”

          I almost blurted out his brother’s revelation that Blaine was a virgin, but I had promised not to tell her that.  I decided to tell her about Julia instead.  Until now, I hadn’t wanted to hurt Morgan with the information that Logan and Julia were still seeing each other, but keeping that from her had obviously been a mistake.  She needed to give up on this crazy plan once and for all.
          “Did you know that Logan is still with Julia?”

         “What are you talking about?” Morgan demanded.  “They broke up before he went on his trip.”

          “Well, he told me that they still see each other when he’s here,” I confided.

          “Are you serious?” she exclaimed.  “Then why did he kiss me?”

          “He said that they’re not officially a couple anymore, so—“

          “So I have as much of a chance with him as she does,” Morgan interjected.

          I spoke in disbelief.  “You’re okay with him being with another girl?  You’re actually going to compete with her?”

          “I’m not happy about it,” she said, “but I have to try while I still have a chance.”

          “I think he still has feelings for Julia,” I told her regretfully.  “I didn’t know about her when I said that you should kiss him.  So you should stop now, Morgan.  You tried, and now you need to let it go.”

          “Taylor said that I should have sex with Logan.  She said that she’d still be with Cade if she’d had sex with him.  She doesn’t want me to make the same mistake with Logan.”

          “That’s not true,” I argued in frustration.  “You can’t keep a guy by sleeping with him.  Believe me, I know.”

          Morgan’s tone became concerned.  “What happened?  Did Cade—“

          “No,” I interrupted her.  “It was before Cade.”

          “Oh,” she responded in a sympathetic tone.  “That’s—“

          “What you’re doing to Blaine,” I interjected.  “You’re making him think that you want to be with him, but you’re just using him for sex.”

          “He knows that,” she said.  “I told him that it’s just going to be one time.  I just want to lose my virginity.  He said he’ll do it.  Also, I swore him to secrecy, so don’t tell anyone.”

         “He wants to take your virginity?” I queried in disappointment, my estimation of him falling.  “That’s so low.”

          “He’s doing me a favor,” she argued.

          “Yeah, some favor,” I retorted sarcastically.
          Morgan wouldn’t listen to my pleas to call off this crazy plan, so I confronted Blaine after I got off the phone with her.  I called his brother, Brent.

          “Hey!” he greeted me, sounding happily surprised to hear from me.

          “Get Blaine on the phone,” I demanded urgently.

          There was a slight pause, after which he responded in a much duller tone.  “Sure, I’ll get him.”

          He didn’t speak to me again before putting his brother on, so there was no opportunity for me to explain that I wasn’t calling Blaine for myself.  I couldn’t tell him the details about Morgan anyway, and it appeared that Blaine hadn’t either, because he told me that he’d call me back from his phone.

          I then knew to answer the unfamiliar number.  “Blaine?” I questioned anyway.

          “Yeah,” he confirmed.  “Sorry, I just wanted to give Brent back his phone so he wouldn’t be hanging around outside my door waiting for it.”

          “Um,” I began awkwardly, “the reason I called is Morgan told me—“

          “It’s her idea,” he cut in defensively.

          “You could say no,” I told him angrily.  “But you’re taking advantage of—“

          “She’ll find someone else to do it,” he interrupted me in desperation.  “She said she’d find someone else if I wouldn’t do it.”

          “And you can’t let that honor go to someone else,” I retorted in disgust.

          “At least I love her,” he replied.  “I won’t just…”  He trailed off before continuing awkwardly.  “Uh, I won’t be, you know, rough or anything.”

          “Blaine, have you ever had sex before?” I asked him point blank.

          “Don’t tell her,” he pleaded.  “If she knows, she’ll find some other guy who’ll just use her.”

          “But you’re not using her?” I interrogated him.

          “I could have had sex with other girls, but I didn’t.  I only went out with them to make her jealous, but she didn’t care.  I care about her though.  Even if she’s in love with some other guy, I’ll still be there for her.  No matter what.”

        He sounded so sincere, but I was still wary.  Lucas had seemed to be sincere too.  Still, there appeared to be nothing I could do to stop this from happening.  With a sigh, I resigned myself to accepting it.  “Make sure you use a con—“

          “I will,” he cut in hurriedly.  “Can we please not talk about the details?  Talking about this with other people is too freaking weird.”
          “You haven’t told your friends?” I asked.

          “No!” he exclaimed, sounding offended.  “I would never tell anyone something like that about Morgan.”

          “Okay,” I said, feeling better than before I had spoken to him.  “Okay, uh, bye.”

         “Bye,” I heard him say before I hung up.

          I finally got ready for bed, but I couldn’t sleep.  All my nervous energy and anxiety spurred me to seek out another person to talk to.  Cade was the only one I could bother this late at night, so I went to his room.  Once I got there, I hesitated to knock, so I decided to check if he was awake.

          Easing the door open quietly was easy, since the hinges didn’t squeak like the ones in our apartment had.  The light from his TV screen illuminated the room, but the sound was off.  I saw Cade lying in bed staring at the ceiling instead of the TV.  

          “Hey,” I spoke softly so I wouldn’t startle him.

          He turned his head to look at me and sat up quickly when he saw me.  My attention went to closing the door behind me, and I let out an involuntary shriek at his unexpected nearness when I saw him standing right in front of me.  The thick carpet had prevented me from hearing his steps as he crossed the room.

          He was only wearing boxer shorts, and my eyes were drawn to all that bare, masculine skin.  “Aren’t you cold?” I asked.  I was wearing pajama pants and a long-sleeved pajama top myself.

          “I’m never cold when I’m thinking about you,” he replied.  “Now you’re here,” he added, his voice dropping seductively.

          “I’m,” I began, but I had lost my focus.  I was too distracted by seeing his body in this intimate setting.  I dragged my eyes up to his face and became lost in the intensity of his dark gaze.

          I felt fevered with anticipation as he stepped toward me, and I was suddenly sweltering in all the fabric covering my body.  Cade’s searing kiss enflamed me into seeking more of his heat even as I was burning up.  I ran my hands over the hot skin of his back as I pressed myself against him.

          A low sound came from the back of his throat, and his tongue tangled fiercely with mine.  I felt my lower back being exposed to air while my pajama top rode up as Cade slipped his hand beneath it and up my bare skin.  The sensation of cool air did nothing to douse my fiery passion.

          When Cade’s hand slid back down, it moved below the waistband of my pajama pants.  His touch sent a thrill through me.  I had no underwear on beneath my pajamas, and awareness of how little clothing separated our bodies flared into a desire for even more contact between our bodies.  The thin material of Cade’s boxer shorts did little to conceal his arousal.  My own arousal spiked in anticipation of what was going to happen.

          Crazed with lust, we ended up on Cade’s bed with him on top of me.  My pajama shirt was on the floor, and I was way past the point of modesty as Cade dipped his head toward my breast.

          That was when Robert walked in on us and flipped out.  “Cade!” he roared.

          Cade reared up off me as I screeched in panic and frantically covered my breasts with my hands.  I caught a glimpse of my mom coming to stand beside Robert with a shocked look on her face before Cade sprang in front of me to block me from their view.  He was facing me—probably in an attempt to hide the very obvious bulge in his boxer shorts. 

          “Cade!” Robert thundered again.

          “Give her a minute to get decent,” Cade snapped at him.

          “Get dressed,” Robert ordered, “and get downstairs now, Cade.  We’re taking her mother to the hospital.”

          “Mom?” I said in alarm.  “What’s wrong?  Why are you going to the hospital?”

         “She’s been vomiting,” Robert replied to me in a gentler tone.  “Cade,” he snapped, “give her something to cover up.”

          Mom finally spoke.  “Robert, please go wait downstairs.”

          “We’re going to the hospital,” he insisted.

          “Okay,” she agreed.  “Just go wait downstairs, please.”

         “I’ll get the car,” he said.

         Cade still held his tense stance in front of me until Mom stepped around him and handed me my pajama top.  “Bathroom,” he said before fleeing into it and closing the door behind him.

          I saw that Robert was gone, so I removed my hands from my breasts and quickly pulled on my pajama shirt.  I realized that I had put it on backwards, but it didn’t matter as long as my nakedness was covered.  Mom walked out into the hall, and I hurried after her.

          “You’ve been throwing up?” I asked in concern.

          “How long has this been going on?” she demanded.  “My God, Lexie, he’s your stepbrother!”

          “Nothing happened,” I exclaimed.  “I mean, we didn’t…”  I trailed off guiltily, because we almost had sex.  “We’ve only kissed.”

          “Without your clothes on,” she added tersely.  “How could you do this, Lexie?  I never would have expected this from you.”

          “I’m sorry,” I said as I followed her into my room.  “It won’t happen again, I promise.  I just went to his room to talk, and…”

           “I have to go,” she said in agitation.  “Robert’s insisting on taking me to the hospital.”
          “I’ll go with you,” I began, but she refused to let me.

         “No, you don’t need to be there with Robert and Cade.  Get some sleep.  We’ll talk in the morning.”

         “But I want to know what they tell you,” I protested.

        “It’s probably a stomach virus.  We’ll be waiting there for hours for them to tell me I need bed rest and fluids.  I’ve got to go keep the peace between Robert and Cade.  Stay here,” she commanded and left me.

          I felt like throwing up myself.  Anxiety roiled through my stomach as I worried about Mom, and about Robert apparently blaming Cade for what had happened between us.  I cringed when I thought about what he had seen, but being mortified was the least of my worries.  Our secret had been exposed in the worst possible way, but I was more concerned about my mom being okay.  I hoped that Robert was just overreacting about taking her to the hospital.

          It turned out that Mom was wrong.  It wasn’t a virus, and she didn’t have to wait hours to find out.  They were back home in little more than an hour.  I happened to see their car pull up to the house when I looked out the front door for the umpteenth time during my anxious vigil.  Robert stopped the car out front rather than driving around to the garage, so I ran outside to meet them.

         “Mom!” I exclaimed.  “Are you okay?”

         To my surprise, a smile of wonder broke out over her face.  “I’m pregnant.”

         I froze in shock as I stared at her.  My gaze slowly moved to Robert for confirmation, and I saw him smiling too.  Relief swept through me, and a tentative smile began to form on my lips at the realization that I was going to have a little brother or sister.  My smile died when I met Cade’s stony expression.

          “I’m going to pack,” he said flatly and strode off toward the house.

         I was torn between following him and sharing the excitement of Mom’s news with her.  “Pack?” I questioned, my gaze seeking answers.

          “He’s going to live with his mother,” Robert told me.

          I gaped at him.  “What?”

          “Your mother told me we were in time to stop…”  He broke off uncomfortably.  “This is the best thing for everyone,” he continued.

          “No,” I protested.  “You can’t do that to Cade.  Please, we won’t—“

          “It’s done,” he cut in firmly.  “His flight is leaving in a few hours.”
          “You’re kicking him out?” I demanded in dismay.

          “Hardly,” he huffed.  “He’s going to live with his mother.  I’m not throwing him out on the street.”

          “This is so unfair,” I argued.  “You’re blaming him when it was my fault.  I’m the one who went to his room tonight.”

          “This is the only solution,” he retorted.  “I don’t see why you think it’s so terrible for him to go live with his mother.  I thought you liked Catherine.”

          “I do,” I replied.  “I think she’s great, but Cade’s life is here.  He’s got his basketball and his friends.  And the baby!” I added as I remembered the news.  “He’s going to have a baby brother or sister.  He can’t miss out on that.  Please,” I begged.

          “Of course he’ll visit us,” Robert assured me, but he was unswayed by my pleas.

          “Mom,” I pleaded when I saw that Robert wasn’t going to change his mind.

          “I’m sorry,” she said.  “There’s no other solution.”

           My eyes filled with tears, and I spun away from them and ran into the house.  Cade’s door was open, and I found him calmly packing a suitcase when I burst into his room.  “Cade,” I exclaimed in anguish.

           He turned and fixed a cold expression on me.  “Tears too.  Very impressive.  You should be the one going to Hollywood.”

          “What?” I asked in confusion, trying to understand what he was talking about.  “Cade,” I immediately continued, “you have to get Catherine to talk your dad out of it.”

          “You can stop now,” he said.  “I’m not buying your bullshit anymore, so you can go ahead and gloat at how you played me.”

          “Played you?” I questioned as he kept me at a distance with his icy attitude.

          He smiled in derision.  “You and your mother.  What a pair.  She was going to go to college, but wait, she’s pregnant!  She’s got the Stover fortune in the bag, and her daughter can go after the Cade fortune.”

          “What are you talking about?” I demanded.  “I’m not after your fortune.”

          “No, your mother’s already got that,” he retorted.  “And her daughter is going to have Logan Cade’s fortune.  I have no doubt that you’ll get it.  You’ve already managed to get me kicked out of my own house without even having sex with me.  You can probably dangle that carrot over him until he marries you.”

          I was momentarily speechless.  “How can you think that I would—“

         “I bet you’re not even a virgin,” he cut in, his voice edged with anger and venom.

         “I never said I was a virgin!” I exclaimed.

          His thin, glacial smile froze my offended anger.  “Finally the truth.”

          “I never lied to you,” I insisted.  “Cade, please don’t be like this.  Please talk to your mom.  She might be able to get your dad to change his mind.”

          “Trying to hedge your bets in case Logan figures out your game?” he suggested blithely.  “He is smarter than me, so it might not be so easy for you to play him.”

           “I’m not playing anyone!” I exploded in frustration.  “I can’t believe you’re acting like this.  You know that I like you, and I thought you liked me.  How can you accuse me of all these awful things?”

          “Getting your mom to have my dad walk in on us at just the right time,” he marveled.  “Now that’s teamwork.  You guys really are pros.”

          I stood rooted to the spot as he calmly returned to packing.  My ability to form words was just returning when Robert’s stern voice stopped me from unleashing the string of profanities I was about to spew at Cade.

          “Say goodbye and return to your room, Alexandra.”

          “Goodbye asshole,” I told Cade before spinning on my heel and marching furiously out of his room.

          Everyone wisely left me alone as I spent the rest of the night stewing in my room over Cade’s unbelievable heartlessness.  When I heard footsteps in the hallway a few hours later, I wasn’t able to resist the desire to see if he regretted his words.  Opening my door, I stood in the doorway and watched him walk by without a single glance toward me.

          “I’m driving him to the airport,” Robert informed me.  “Your mother is asleep.  I’ll be back soon, so you can go back to sleep.”

          I took one last look at Cade’s retreating back and turned my own back on him in response as I stepped resolutely into my room.  When I faced the hallway again in order to close my bedroom door, I resisted the urge to lean out and see if Cade was gone from my view.  

          He had chosen to think the worst of me, and I wouldn’t keep begging him to believe me.  Our relationship apparently meant nothing to him if he was able to discard it so easily.  I wasn’t able to go from hot to cold so quickly, but I would get over him.  Being far away from him would make it easier.  

          I knew that I would see him again since he was Robert’s son, but that’s all he would be to me from now on.     

                

           
