Heaven vs Hell
by
Holly Vane
Published by Holly Vane 
©Holly Vane 2010

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favourite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. 

Also by author
Love vs Lust (the Eternal War Series#2)
Life vs Death (the Eternal War Series#3)
The Eternal War Box Set (1-3)
The Devil's Bible
The Haunted Highway (the Ghost Files#1)
The Manor of Darkness (the Ghost Files#2)
The Deathly Depths (the Ghost Files#3)
The Ghost Files Box Set (1-3)

In the making
Reckoning (the Eternal War Series#4)
The Ghost in the Darkness (the Ghost Files#4)
Prologue
∞
Signs
 
December 31st 1994, New York General Hospital, New York City, 11:56 pm

The heart monitor machine beeped out a warning.
“She's crashing!” A nurse shouted as chaos broke out. Heart Paddles were pulled forward and charged ready for use. 
“Stop!” The doctor's booming voice ordered. “The baby is our main concern, there is nothing we can do for the mother. She's already gone.” The medical staff gazed sombrely at the woman lying motionless on the blood stained sheets.
“Tricia the scalpel. Positions. The baby's almost out.” commanded the booming voice again. 
Outside in the impenetrable darkness broken only by the light of the moon. Convened a group of men. They watched as the baby was delivered. It was a small thing that made no sound or movement; a nurse wrapped it up in a blanket and rushed it to an incubator at the back of the room and began to unclog it's airways with what looked like a small filter. 
The tallest man in the group turned away gazing instead at the moon. One by one the others slowly joined him. “So The Thrones were right. The child has been born.” A broad man with a rounded face spoke; he was dressed all in black like he was attending a funeral. 
“There is no time.” The tall man said still looking up at the pale moon; sighing he turned to face his companions. His face was blank, his voice flat. Dead . “We have to make a decision now while we have the chance.” His statement was meet by a chorus of voices; he couldn't make out one voice from another through the din. “Silence!” He commanded; hands curling into fists by his sides. “How long do you think it will be before they come for the child? We have to act now to ensure that they never get their hands on it.” He paused and looked around at anxious faces.
“We hide the child some-place safe; until a meeting can be scheduled and a decision made as what to do with it.” The broad man spoke again; his solution was met with sounds of approval apart from the tall man who shook his head vigorously. “We have to end the child. Now!” He heard a shocked gasp and the crowd parted revealing a slender woman. 
“This child should be protected Michael. It's still an innocent.” Michael stared at her with obvious dislike. He barged through the group and came to a stop just inches away from her. The woman stood her ground.
“This 'innocent'” Michael spat out the word like it was hard for him to even harbour it in his mouth. “Will end the world. How many innocents will die then? We sacrifice one for the greater many.” Heads bobbed in consensus.
“You don't know that for sure. No-one can. Not even The Thrones!” The woman snapped turning to face her peers. “The child never asked for this, it may turn out to be good. If we damn at least one innocent soul to hell then we are no better than Lucifer.”
A stunned silence hung over the rooftop; it had been a long time since that name had been spoken.
Michael knew it was shock tactics and refused to beaten by them; before he could counter however a suddenly gust of wind surged; nearly knocking some of the group to the ground. Michael rooted himself to the concrete roof  turning his back to shield himself from the worst of the gale.
“A decision has already been made.” A deep voice said as the wind abated; it had a magical edge to it. Michael pivoted to see Castillo standing in front of him. His broad frame radiated power and his shockingly white wings were tucked behind his firm strong body Michael saw them sparkle with gold in the light. “What are you doing here? This is a matter for the council.” His voice was gruff but Castillo seemed to take no offence smiling instead. “Our Father has spoken on this matter himself. The child is to be protected at all times and at any cost.” Michael shook his head; looking away so that Castillo wouldn't have the satisfaction of  seeing the anger blaze like a fire in his eyes. “And what if we fail, and Lucifer claims her?” He flung at him. “Michael. It is not our place to question Father's decision. It's our place to see that his will is carried out to the letter. Do you understand?” Michael nodded reluctantly. 
“Leave us.” Castillo ordered to the rest of the council; they spanned their wings and were quickly out of sight.
Castillo walked to Michael and laid a hand on his shoulder. “The child will be spirited away to a secret remote location; only a few will ever know of it. She will be educated in our beliefs risen to be good.”
“Let me guess by Angels.”
“Naturally.”
“We shouldn't be throwing all our resources into this one child Castillo!”
“The child will be appointed a Guardian to watch over it. He will do most of the work with some luck Lucifer will never get to her. And if he does we will simply move her.”
Michael shrugged off his hand and faced him with a pleading look in his eyes. “This child is Lucifer's one salvation; he will tear the world apart to find it and if I know my brother he won't stop till he has her.”
“Then you must place your faith in our Father Michael. He knows what he's doing.”
Michael glanced back at the room. The child and it's dead mother were gone. The room had been cleaned to an inch of it's life, everywhere metal gleamed at him. He knew that humans would never have been so efficient or quick. This had been the work of heaven. Michael knew that he should listen to Castillo, but he knew Lucifer. Letting this child live would be the ruin of them all. He looked skywards at a strange star collimation that burned the Heavens like a flame. He knew what it meant and so did Lucifer. 

Hell's time had come.


















Chapter One

§

The 1st Cut is Always the Deepest

September 10th 2012, Cherry Falls, Washington.

Holly Adams pushed open the porch door. Outside the rain pelleted off the tarmac. She pulled on her pale pink hat pressed play on her IPod then stepped out into the wet, crisp air. Holly loved the rain; loved the way it made everything sparkle.
“Hey you!” A girl with shaggy blonde shoulder length hair; and sharp facial features shouted at her from across the street. Holly pulled out her earphones and wrapped them around her music player; putting both into her left coat pocket. “You know what I was just thinking?” The girl said as she joined Holly on the sidewalk. “We should have a back-to-school party Friday night. What do you think?”
Holly shook her head in amusement. “Jo you have a party for everything.” 
“So? There's nothing wrong with partying.”
“She’s having another one already? I swear Jo your parents must hate you!” Ricky said joining in their conversation as he walked behind them. Jo turned around while walking and stuck out her tongue. “Just for that Ricky Anderson you’re not invited.”
“Oh no, whatever will I do!” He mocked.
Jo and Ricky had been Holly's best friends since like forever. It always bothered Holly how none of them could remember how they had first met. “So Holly feel any different?” Jo asked nudging her in the ribs. Holly tossed her a confused glance. “About being a senior, you know we-like rule the school now.” Jo said with an evil glint in her eye. Holly laughed. “You’re not going to be mean to the newbies. Are you?”
“Of course. It's a senior's hard earned right.”
“You’re nasty Jo.” Ricky chimed in; she slapped him on the arm. “Not as nasty as you Anderson.”
Holly tuned out. They always acted this way. She had always thought that they would make a great couple.
They turned the corner and Cherry Falls High School loomed up in front of them. 
It was a pretty red brick four storey building. The town's founders had planted big oak trees next to the entrance which provided great cover from the summer sun; and protected from the hail and wind in the winter. At the steepest central tower of the school which overlooked the entrance hung a large stone clock that after a couple hundred years still kept perfect time. 
As they crossed the street towards the building Holly heard squealing tyres and loud black metal music, as a Black Ford pick up truck came flying along the road towards them. Holly called out and grabbed hold of her friends’ arms and dragged them to safety.  The pick up came to a stop at the school and out jumped a large youth.  He had a skinhead and was as big as a body builder: Andy Black. The bad ass of Cherry Falls. A few years back Andy had tried to rob a bank in nearby Green-fields. He had bungled it and the cops had caught him trying to escape on a pink peddle bike. Not the brightest light bulb, but still dangerous. He had gone to a juvenile felicity for a while and had come back even meaner. 
“Hey dick features!” Jo shouted while Ricky grabbed her arm and tried to shush her. Jo pushed him away she was the only kid in town that wasn't afraid of him Andy turned in their direction; his face was covered in scars and tattoos. “We're trying to walk here!” Andy showed them his middle finger and carried on up to school like nothing had happened. 
“What a jerk.” Jo muttered. 
§
The first day of their final year started out as boring as any other. Andy Black nearly running them over was the highlight of the day. Classes were dull and uninteresting teachers droned on about finals and how if they wanted to graduate; they would have to work harder than ever.  Holly had a headache the size of Grand Canyon by the time the diner bell went. If she wanted to hear that crap all she had to do was go home; her parents had lectured all summer about the college applications. All Holly wanted to do was crawl up somewhere quiet and peaceful for a few minutes. But all hope of that vanished when Jo caught sight of her and pulled her over to where she and Ricky were sitting; under the shade of an Elm tree eating lunch. 
The sun had finally chased away the grey rain clouds that had been hanging over Cherry Falls for days. Jo lay on her back and looked up at the sky. “Wow.” She breathed. “That was bleak.”
“I wouldn't say that.” Ricky said. “I thought it was quite enlightening.”
Jo glanced at him. “There's not a word for what's wrong with you, is there?” Ricky beamed at her. “You love me really.”
“In your dreams sunshine.” She returned her eyes to the sky. Holly slumped against the trunk of the elm watching people pass by while eating her lunch. “I'd have to agree with Jo. That was the worst two hours of my life.”
“You know what's wrong with you two?” Ricky asked; they both looked at him and said no in unison.
“You have no vision for the future.” Holly groaned. “Here he goes again. I'm gonna get my stuff for art out my locker.”
“I'll join you.” Jo said getting up. When they looked back Ricky was still talking unaware that they had left Jo laughed. “What a freak.”
On their way to the lockers Holly got a weird feeling in the pit of her stomach. She stopped dead. Jo had walked on a few steps before she noticed that Holly had stopped. She looked back. “What's up?” Holly shook her head gently, “nothing,” she mumbled. It started to spread through her stomach and travelled upwards. Icy fingers seemed to press against her chest as if trying to hold her back. Holly took a few deep breaths and shut her eyes when she opened them again the feeling had passed. She exhaled deeply. This wasn't the first time that it had happened. All her life Holly had been plagued by this... weird feeling. One time she had felt it minutes before she had fallen out of a tree in the backyard. Another time it had occurred was when their next door neighbour had backed out of his drive without looking and drove over her left foot. The feeling had always seemed to announce imminent danger. But she had never felt it this strong before. 
“Hey Holly!” Jo was in her face snapping her fingers. Holly stepped backwards. “I'm fine...really.” Jo gave her a puzzled look concern growing in her hazel eyes. Holly not wanting to discuss the matter any further crossed to her locker and opened it. She tensed when she heard Jo come to a stop beside her; hoping that Jo was going to let it go. Instead she heard Jo gasp, Holly glanced sideways at her and saw that something had grabbed her best friend’s attention and that always meant a cute boy was in the vicinity; looking over her shoulder she followed Jo's gaze and her eyes come to a stop on a boy.
Straight away Holly felt something tug at her insides. The boy was walking down the corridor. He was thin and much taller then Holly or Jo; which wasn't hard as Jo was only 5 foot 2 and Holly 5 foot 4. He had dark hair which fell in an amazingly sexy way past his ears. Holly felt mesmerized as she looked into his round dark coloured eyes. He had pale skin that was infused with pink tones giving him a healthy glow. He was wearing a black hoody which looked baggy on him and dark ripped jeans.  The guy looked good enough to eat. As he passed by he glanced their way and Holly thought she'd seen a brief smile play at the corners of his lush red lips. 
“Oh my god!” Jo cried out when he had gone. “Who is that guy? He's well hot. Smoking hot actually!” Holly tore her eyes away from the distant figure and shut her locker. “Come on we're gonna be late.”
“Who cares? Did you not see him?” 
“Yes I saw him, he was very nice. Now class!”
“Nice? Or you blind he was stunning!”
Holly rolled her eyes and walked away with Jo following still telling her how absolutely perfect the guy had been.
Holly was well aware how drop dead gorgeous he had been and that smile… she didn't like what looking at that boy had done to her insides; Holly had had boyfriends before but the heat that had radiated off his amazing body as he had walked past played havoc with Holly's heart strings. She had never felt an instant connection like that and it scared her.
§
“Dominic Prince!” 
Holly jumped at the sudden closeness of Jo’s voice. Jo perched on the wooden chair beside her grinning like a loon. The other students in the library looked at Jo through narrowed glares. She returned their hostility. “Oh sod off!” She barked at them they went back to their books. 
Holly had always loved libraries especially the one at school. It was so big it had an whole wing devoted to it. They stored a lot of religious and rare books in the restricted section that was always kept under lock and key. Holly didn't come here to read or study though. It was so tranquil here and she loved to draw the beautiful oaks that were just visible through the library's east facing window. She had just stretched out on two wooden chairs and had started to draw when Jo came bursting in. A little annoyed that she couldn't catch a break; even after school had let out for the day she glared at Jo and said in a hushed tone. “What?”
Jo looked at her disbelief on her face. 
“The name of the Rock God from heaven that passed us in the corridor at lunch! Have you forgotten him all-ready?”
Holly hadn't forgotten. She’d been thinking of him all afternoon but her reaction to him still unnerved her. 
“He's just moved here from New York or somewhere. I'm gonna invite him to my party Friday night.”
“Um...that's nice.” Holly responded without really listening trying to focus on drawing the oaks. She didn't know why but drawing always calmed her. Jo grabbed the pad that was rested on Holly's lap and threw it on the wooden floor. 
“Shhh!” A blonde haired boy the next table over hissed giving them a sharp glare. 
“Jo for god sake!” Holly cursed her quietly before retrieving her pad. “Your turning into a complete bore Holly Adams.” Jo pouted. Holly slumped down in her chair putting the pad in her bag. “I'm sorry, it's just all this talk of college and stuff is really getting to me.” Jo moved her chair closer. “Yeah, I've been getting that speech too like a thousand times. That's why it's important to let our hair down every now and again. While we can.” Holly smiled at her friend. She always knew how to put Holly at ease. “So this guy...You like him?” Holly asked trying to lighten the conversation. “Oh my god yes!” Jo replied quickly. “What's not to like? Did you see how fit he was? I bet he could lift me up with one arm.” Holly couldn't help but laugh at her friend's enthusiasm. Jo came even closer and whispered, “bet he's a right rampant bunny in the sack.” Holly nearly fell off her chair. “Jo!” She said a bit too loud. This earned her another glare from the blonde haired guy. 
“What?” Jo said defensively. “I've made up my mind that I don't want to be a virgin when I start college. And he's the one I want to lose it to.”
Holly was shocked at the revelation. Holly’s parents were deeply religious and believed that a girl should keep herself for her wedding night; Holly hadn't really thought about it she had never came across  a guy that had made her want to give herself to him completely. At least not yet. Jo's parents on the other hand only attended church for Christmas mass. 
“You don't even know him Jo. He could be a right jerk!”
“Who cares? With a body like that he could be the meanest jock on earth and I would still have his babies.” Holly gave her friend a curious look, “your serious about this aren’t you?” Jo nodded, “will you help me?” 
 “What do you want my help for?” Jo shrugged her shoulders, “guys well...like you. Your really pretty.” Holly rolled her eyes. “So are you. Just be yourself...you'll have him wrapped around your little finger in no time.” 
Jo studied her friend. After knowing her for like ever it still confused her why Holly couldn't see what everyone else saw. Holly was a beauty. With her long dark hair that was just the right side of wavy; deep blue eyes and full red lips pale unblemished skin that looked like porcelain; and the fact that she wasn't so up herself about it. Holly didn't seem to notice why all the boys stared and all the girls glared when she walked past.  While Jo on the other hand had never owned a hair straightener and detested skirts with a passion. Boys didn't really notice her at least not when Holly was around; but Jo never begrudged her friend Holly was the sweetest kindest girl she knew.
Holly heard Jo's breath catch and her eyes looked right through Holly; turning to see what Jo found so interesting she glimpsed a flash of black before Jo held her in place. “What is it?” 
“Dominic Prince has just walked in!” Jo nearly shouted with panic Holly smiled at her and pried her friend's death grip from her arm. “Jo just remember what I said be yourself.” Jo looked at her horrified. “What do I say?” 
“Try introducing yourself.” Jo nodded but still hadn't made any movement to get up. Holly pulled her up and pushed her towards Dominic. “You'll be fine.”
Jo walked like she was in a daze. 
Holly tried not to look. Jo seemed really keen on this guy Holly didn't want to do anything to jeopardize their friendship; s if she didn't look then she wouldn't feel anything. She grabbed her pad from her bag and tried to take her mind off of what Jo might be saying to him; by drawing the Oaks.
After a few seconds she gave up her mind just wouldn't stick to the trees. Holly had to know. She sat in the opposite chair the one Jo had just vacated. 
They were standing just a few feet from the library entrance. Jo was looking up at him, laughing. Her body seemed to edge closer to his of it's own accord. He was saying something to her with a smile on his face which made Holly's whole body ache with desire. Why did he do this to her? Suddenly they both looked her way and she felt herself blush. She tore herself away quickly embarrassed that they had caught her watching. 
“Holly this is Dominic Prince.” Holly's head snapped up; she hadn't even heard them approach an found herself looking into his dark stormy eyes. He was closer than he needed to be towering over her like a Greek God; she could look into his eyes forever it felt like drowning. 
“Hi.” He said to her Holly realized she was being rude. “Oh...sorry. Hi I'm Holly Adams.” 
“I know. Jo here told me.”
Jo let out a big cheesy grin.
“It's nice to meet you.” Holly felt her throat dry up and the words fly out of her head. What was wrong with her? 
The weird feeling from lunch returned with a revenge; hitting her with such force that she barrelled over in pain. 
“Holly!” She heard Jo call out. 
Holly grabbed the edge of the library table it had never hurt her before. The icy fingers changed to a sharp stabbing pain in the pit of her stomach. God it hurt!
Strong arms wrapped around her waist; steadying her :Dominic.
“Just relax,” he whispered in to her ear; his tempting lips were only inches away from hers. Almost at once the pain subsided. How had he done that? 
Holly gazed up at him with confusion and awe. Dominic held her eyes but his own were hard and unreadable making her wonder if she had imagined his intimate words in her ear. His arms were still around her holding onto her tightly as if they never wanted to let go.
“Holly dear, are you okay?” The school's librarian, an elderly warm woman walked towards them and pushed past Jo who  glared at Holly. 
Miss Wilson forcibly separated Holly from Dominic forcing him to break his hold. Holly thought she saw for the briefest of seconds anger flash in his eyes. “Dear me you've gone as white as that wall.” Miss Wilson said. “Come on follow me, I'll phone your parents.” Holly was too dazed at what had just happened to argue. “Jo I think it's time that you and your...friend.” Miss Wilson glared at Dominic with evident disdain that she didn't try to hide. “Should be running along home now. It'll be getting dark soon.” Miss Wilson steered Holly past them and into her office on the other side of the library. From her seat Holly saw Dominic hold the library door open for Jo, before he passed through it himself he looked straight at Holly and her heart skipped a beat.  
§
“Mum, I'm fine, really.”
Holly's mother stopped fusing with the bed sheets and put a soft warm hand on Holly's forehead. “You're not fine Holly! You still look as white as a ghost.” She took her hand away and muttered to herself, “maybe your coming down with something.” She looked down at her daughter. “I'm calling Dr Windsor.” 
Holly leaned for her mother's hand and gripped it tight. “No mum! Really I'm fine. Just a bit tired.” Her mother sat down on the bed a smile spreading across her face. “Honey, I know me and your father have been putting a lot of pressure on you lately. But we just want the best for you.” Holly smiled back. “I know mum.” Her mother kissed her on the cheek. “You should get some rest. We'll be just downstairs if you need anything.” 
“Thanks.”
Her mother walked over to the bedroom door and stopped half turning. She opened her mouth then closed it again. She had a distant look in her pale, grey eyes. “Goodnight Holly.” She whispered sadly before leaving.
§
Holly snapped awake.
Her heart was thumping in her chest. A thin film of sweat covered her body and the bed sheets. It took a moment to remember that she was in her own bedroom. She couldn't remember what had woken her but knew instinctively by the frightened well of dread in the pit of her stomach that she had had another nightmare. She had been getting a lot of them lately; but what bugged her most about them was that upon waking she could never recall what they had been about. The only way she knew she had one was the jolting awake in a cold sweat. 
She heard something smash downstairs then raised voices wafted up from below.
Holly frowned. Was her parents arguing?
 In all of her seventeen years Holly had never once heard her parents fight. Not even a raised word. She looked at the clock on her bedside table: 10.33 pm. Her parents were always in bed by ten.
She tossed back the covers and snatched up her dressing gown. Lightly she crept downstairs. A light was shining through the bottom of the kitchen door. Holly pressed her ear up to the wood and listened.  
“Did she say anything?” Her father's voice said.
“Did you not just hear me Jeff! Miss Wilson swore it was him!” Her mother sounded scared.
“Yes well, Miss Wilson is older than my bloody Buick. We can't just take her word as gospel.”
“She still has her wits. Why won't you listen? Holly's been having the nightmares. She turns eighteen in a few months! This isn't all coincidence!” 
“Fine,” she heard her father sigh. “What do you want to do?”
“We should call them. They'll know what to do.”
“Do we have to?”
“Jeff! This is our daughter's life we're talking about it. Do you really want to take the chance?”
“I'll make the call.”
Holly heard a chair scrape against the kitchen tiled floor and ran back up the stairs. She leaned against her bedroom door panting. What the hell were they talking about?
Something about a him and her life in danger?
Holly thought about calling Jo. She really needed to talk to someone about this; but she remembered the look Jo had given her before Miss Wilson had ushered her away. She was upset about Dominic about where his hands had been and Holly couldn't really blame her. She did feel an irresistible urge to kiss him. She threw herself on her bed and sighed. How had her life gotten so complicated?

























Chapter Two

§

Concerning Heaven

“Why have you brought me here?” 
Castillo stood in the Adams back yard. He was dressed in a blue pin-striped suit which accentuated his dark skin. 
Jeff Stevenson coward behind his wife who greeted Castillo warmly. “My apologies for bothering you but we have news.” She said.
Castillo regarded the woman with  curious eyes. How could one forsake who they were and still be happy?
Margaret Adams had fell for love. Leaving behind her family her Father. Many of the Angels refused to mingle with these...traitors. But Castillo knew that there was a purpose to everything. That was the wonder of his Father. He was a master of creation. God never left anything to chance.
“Then pray do tell Margaret.” Castillo smiled and waited patiently. His arms folded in front of him. Margaret looked unsure Castillo saw realization break out on her pretty face. Angels didn't like to be coped up inside. They loved the fresh air, the blue of the sky, the gust of the wind. That's why all Angel business was discussed either in heaven itself or out in the open.
“We think...” her voice faltered for a second. Castillo saw her look to her husband, as if unsure how to proceed. Castillo cleared his voice. “I don't have all day Margaret.”
“Yes of course you don't. Holly's in danger.” She said quickly then looked at Castillo searching for a reaction.
He showed none.
“And what are your reasons for thinking this?”
Margaret stepped forward. “One of them has been spotted in town. They have managed to avoid detection. He...made contact with her yesterday.”
“Margaret,” Castillo stepped closer to her. He could hear the fear in her tone. “I have already been notified about the intruder.”
Margaret gasped. “You have? Then what is to be done about it? How did he manage to avoid our gaze and get so close to my daughter?”
“Rest assured. Your daughter is perfectly protected.” 
“How can you say that! A DEMON TOUCHED HER!” She shouted at him, unable to keep her temper under control.
“I understand your concern Margaret.” Castillo's tone was calming. “The demon however is unfortunately not just your average run of the mill type. Lucifer has sent his most powerful warrior to claim her and his strategy is not one that we had considered him taking.”
“What do you mean. Who is he?”
“The demon is Lucifer's very own son.”
Castillo waited for the words to sink in then carried on. “Well at least one of them.”
Margaret looked stunned. “Well then we have to drive him out. Kill him so he can't blab her whereabouts to his father.”
“Oh I'm afraid that is out the question. You see we cannot risk bringing any attention to our presence here. That is not how we work. You know that. An all out attack on Lucifer's son would bring unwanted eyes our way. After all we do have...other interests to protect.”
“But...my daughter.” Margaret stammered, not quite believing what she was hearing.
“Is not in any immediate danger. He can’t harm her.”
“Are you crazy?”
“Margaret, he does not intend to hurt your daughter because Lucifer will not risk open warfare with us while he is still locked away in his prison. Holly being hurt or snatched would not be something we would take lightly. We would burn him to ashes before he could make it over the town boundary.”
“I don't understand...” Margaret was close to tears.
“Lucifer's tactic’s are much more subtle but just as painful. He intends to seduce her; bring her over to his side of her own accord and he's using his son to do it.”
“But if he succeeds they're be no bringing her back!”
Castillo nodded his head grimly. “We plan to never let it get that far. We have...dispatched an Angel to run some interference. Trust me. She will never be allowed to fall for this demon. The Angel will see to it.” Castillo backed away. “I must go now.”
“When will the Angel arrive? How can we identify him?”
“Margaret it would be best to stay out of his way.”
Castillo was bathed in bright yellow light. Margaret ran to him. “When will he get here?” She cried out urgently before Castillo disappeared. 
“He's already here......”

§

“Jo!” Holly shouted at the top of her lungs for the fourth time.
Either Jo had her ear-buds in and couldn't hear or was pissed at her. Holly knew it was the latter by the speed in which she was walking. Holly ran as fast as she could and grabbed Jo by the arm. Jo whirled around. “What do you want?”
Holly bent over to get her breath back, “You... weren’t waiting for me... at the corner. Are you okay?” She huffed, straightening up.
“What do you think? You totally messed up my plans with Dominic. All he could talk about  on the way home was you! And what was with all the touching anyway?”
“Jo, I’m sorry about that. I never meant to...”
“Feign an illness to grab his attention! Just go away.”
Holly felt her blood boil. “Is that what you think?” Jo spun back around to face her.
“That's what happened! You know how much I'm into him. And that doesn't happen very often for me!”
“I would never do anything to hurt you Jo, you've been my best friend since I can remember. I never meant to spoil anything I just …Is that what you think of me?”
Something in Jo's face softened and she leaned against an Oak. “ I know you never meant it like that...It's just this guy's really gotten under my skin. I can't even explain it...”
“So...friends again?”
Jo wrapped her up in a tight bear hug. “Always.”
“Group hug!” Ricky threw himself at the two girls.
“Ricky get off!” Jo shouted stepping back. “This is a private moment butt-head.” 
For a second Ricky actually looked hurt then his lop-sided grin returned, “one day Jo when I'm a millionaire and own a dozen fancy yachts. Your going to be wanting a private moment with me.” He battered his eyelids and blew her kisses.
“That'll be the day.” Jo muttered. 
“Damn!” Holly cursed out loud.
“What's up Hols?” Ricky was the only one who called her that. 
“I was supposed to see Miss Wilson before class. I better go.”
She pushed through the entrance leaving Jo and Ricky behind. Her mother had told her that she should thank Miss Wilson for taking care of her until her parents had picked her up. Holly couldn't see the point in it, it wasn't like she had been dying. But after the conversation she had overheard in the kitchen last night between her parents she had questions that needed answering.
They had mentioned a 'him'; Miss Wilson had obviously told them who Holly had been with in the library. Maybe the librarian make sense of it all for her.
The library was eerily quiet as Holly pushed open the wooden door. There wasn't a soul here except for her and Miss Wilson who was in her office stamping books. Holly could hear the dull thump of the stamper as Miss Wilson brought it down. She looked up as Holly approached, a smile crossed her old wizened face. “Holly dear! How lovely it is to see you looking better. I was very worried.” There was something about the old woman that oozed friendliness.
“Hi. I just wanted to thank you for everything you did yesterday.” Miss Wilson placed a liver-spotted hand on Holly's shoulder and her warm dull eyes peered into Holly's. “You're very welcome Holly. You'd better run along now. You're late for class.” She went back to her stamping. Holly nodded hesitantly should she bring up Dominic?
It had seemed that Miss Wilson, who was normally so well-mannered and polite to everyone, was almost...rude to him yesterday. The way she had broke in between them. It was totally unlike her. Holly noticed Miss Wilson looking at her from beneath her glasses. “Was there anything else dear?” 
Now or never.
“I was just wondering...if you knew the boy I was with yesterday?” Holly asked her sheepishly; avoiding her stern gaze. 
Miss Wilson motioned for her to come closer. “No...” She replied slowly. “But I know the kind  Holly. He's no good and you should not be associating with him. He's not fit to wipe your boots.” Holly looked at her in surprise. She was not use to Miss Wilson speaking ill of anyone, never mind being flat out hostile.
Holly felt a sudden unexplained hate for the librarian rise up inside her. She didn't even know him. How could she say those things?
Holly was about to say what she felt when Miss Wilson walked calmly away balancing a stack of books in her arms. Holly wanted to get out of there. Fast. Before she said something she shouldn't.
She was still fuming at Miss Wilson's short mindedness when she slammed her locker door shut and found Dominic's devilishly handsome face inches from hers. Her breath caught in her throat; she hadn't been expecting him to pop out from nowhere. She stepped back in surprise. 
“Sorry,” he said. “I didn't mean to scare you.” His dark eyes swept over her face. “It's okay.” She muttered making a conscious effort to put as much space between them as she could without offending him. She couldn't think when he was this close. All she wondered about was what his lips would feel like against hers.
 “I was worried about you, after what happened yesterday. Are you okay?”
She could feel his concern for her roll off him in waves. She swallowed hard. “I'm fine. It was nothing. Really.” She shouldn't feel this way about him; it would break Jo's heart to know what was running through her mind right now. 
Holly felt very...dirty. “I should get going...” She told him quietly. He reached out and lifted her books out her hands; their fingers touched for the briefest of moments and Holly felt her heart flutter like a wild bird's wings.
A breeze whistled down the corridor making her shiver and sent the books flying from Dominic's grip. The door at the end of the hall banged against its frame then stilled as the freakish wind died down.
Holly looked at Dominic as if  to say what the hell was that when the darkness in his eyes made her words catch in her throat. He was looking through Holly focusing on the corridor behind; the shadow's that lurked in the far off corners seemed to expand eclipsing the light above their heads.
Holly was firmly rooted to the spot engrossed by Dominic’s strange reaction to a sudden breeze. The light finally broke through the shadows causing them to retreat back to the gloom; the neon light got brighter bathing her in a hot glow. It got so bad that she had to shield her eyes against it.
“Let me help you.” The voice was like nothing Holly had ever heard. It was like the haunting melody she had loved growing up; that her father had played over and over. Sad and sweet at the same time.  
She looked to Dominic to see if he had heard it too but he was still glaring behind her. She turned slowly, apprehensively… The boy was crouched down in front of her; his strong but elegant hands scooped up her books from the  cold floor. When he rose to look at her she thought she had died and gone to heaven. 
He was a vision. 
Her hungry eyes took him in  piece by piece. The soft light from the corridor caught his brown hair bringing out the natural blonde highlights in it; making them gleam as they played with  the light. His face was angelic. Smooth light brown skin and the softness of his curved lips made his round blue eyes shine as bright as sapphires against their back drop. 
He held out her books. “I believe these belong to you.” 
Holly nodded awed at this beautiful stranger. He stepped closer to her pressing the books lightly into her hands and whispered, “you should get to class.” Her whole body reeled from how close he had been forgetting Dominic's presence Holly slowly started off down the corridor. She turned back suddenly remembering Dominic. Her eyes were instantly pulled towards the other boy like a magnet he drew her gaze. 
Dominic stepped in front of him. “I'll catch you up. I need to take a...leek.” He shouted to her. She nodded absently then shuffled to class.
§

Dominic waited till Holly was out of sight before turning to the stranger. “Very subtle.” He told him clapping his hands in mock applause. 
“Leave the girl alone Dom.” The stranger said still looking after her. Dominic's grin vanished. “Think you can make me...Caleb?”
Caleb finally looked at Dominic. His face passive. Not betraying an inch of what was burning inside. Caleb was taller and heavier built than Dominic but he knew exactly what Dominic was capable of. It wasn't the first time that the two had met.
“This town is crawling with Angels Dom; you'll never make it past the town limits with her.”
Dominic smiled slowly. “I have no intention of leaving your....repulsive town just yet.”
“No you just intend on corrupting her. You do know that if you succeed they will kill her.”
Dominic shrugged his shoulders dismissively. “That's your problem Williams. You're the one who has to keep her alive.” He chuckled. “It's been a while since I've had a virgin. Bet she's delicious.”
Caleb grabbed Dominic's shoulders and slammed him into the wall of lockers; the metal bended in on itself groaning under the weight. “Oh,” Dominic laughed seemingly enjoying his self. “Have I hit a nerve?” Caleb let go of him and tried to walk it off. He should never of lost his temper like that. Dominic loved getting a rise out of him. 
Dominic snorted then looked at Caleb with amazement like he had just figured something out.  
“You feel for her.” It wasn't a question. It was a fact. 
Caleb stopped pacing and glared at him hate twisting his handsome features.

 “Leave Dom. Now. Or this will end badly for all of us.”










































Chapter Three

§

Heaven vs. Hell

“Wow!” Ricky let out a low whistle. He was sat at one of the wooden picnic tables in the school yard.  The sun was shining in Cherry Falls and everyone was taken full advantage of it. Ricky had never seen so many people crowded into the schools tiny yard before.
He was joined at the table by his two best friends. Holly had taken the moment she had with her friends to tell them about the mysterious conversation her parents had had last night.
“I don't get it.” Jo said. “Why would they freak out over Dominic? He's so...dreamy.” She looked up into the blue cloudless sky, and sighed. Ricky tossed a crisp at her that hit her arm she brushed it off giving him a kick under the table.
“Oh...Dominic!” Ricky mocked in his best damsel in distress voice. “At least he's not immature.” She told him. Holly wanted them back on topic. “I'm not even sure that Dominic is the 'him' they were referring to. But who else could it be?”
Jo and Ricky both came up blank besides them Holly didn't have much of a social life.
“I'd be more worried about who they were calling.” Jo said after a second. Holly hadn't thought about that. Who were they intending to call?
“It's all a bit vague and weird.” Ricky added. 
On seeing the worry on Holly's face they both tried to make light of it.
“Oh cheer up. It's just parents freaking out. It'll pass Holly.” Jo told her while laying a hand on her arm supportively. Holly tried to muster a smile. She looked away from them so that they wouldn't see the doubt in her eyes. Was Jo right?
Was she getting worked up over nothing? 
She saw Dominic emerge from the science building and her mind flashed back to earlier; when they had been interrupted by that handsome stranger. Holly was glad he had showed up when he had God knows what would have happened if he hadn't. Regardless of the guilt she felt over Jo every time she spoke to Dominic Holly couldn't deny how attracted she was to him. But that stranger...He had been so....heavenly. The way he had appeared out of the blue; The way he had talked to her so gently she felt like she had known him all her life; the way he smelled. It all seemed surreal but painfully familiar that Holly thought she might have dreamt him up if Dominic hadn’t seen him too.
When she had looked back at them in the corridor she had felt the tension between the two.
Holly must have been staring because Jo turned immediately spotted Dominic. “There he is!” She let out a little squeal. Ricky followed her gaze. “Who?” He asked her. “My Dominic of course!” Jo went running over to him.
Ricky turned away and Holly saw the heartbreak in his eyes. “He's...buff.” He said quietly. “Jo never mentioned that he was buff.”
“Why don't you tell her the way you feel?” Holly asked him. Dragging her eyes away from Dominic who looked pretty pissed off about something. He was frowning at Jo.
“Because she doesn't feel the same. I know she doesn't. She likes guys like...him.” Ricky threw his thumb in Dominic's direction. It was true that Dominic was gorgeous and was totally in a different league to Ricky; but Ricky was a sweet, loyal dependable guy that was always around when you needed him. Jo could do a lot worse.
“You put yourself down too much Ricky.”
He shook his head. “I know what Jo likes and I'm not even close to it.”
Holly looked back over towards Jo who had Dominic by the hand and was part guiding, part dragging him over to their table. Holly felt a stab of envy as her eyes fell on Jo's small hand in his.
“Hey who's that?” Ricky asked. 
Holly glanced behind and her heart nearly gave out. The beautiful stranger was walking towards them. He seemed to dazzle in the bright sunshine making the girls stare as he walked past Holly felt ridiculously jealous of the way their eyes hovered on his toned body. 
“Hey guys.” Jo reached the table with Dominic but he wasn't looking at them. His eyes were firmly fixed on the stranger sailing towards them. 
“So I was...Who is that?” Jo stared at the stranger as he to Holly's utter amazement came to a stop at their table. His eyes rested on Dominic for a second and she saw his jaw tighten then relax. Holly was reeling she never expected to see him again and almost fainted when his bright eyes came to a rest on her. The green grass of the yard and the solidness of the wooden table faded until all she could see was him. 
“Hi.” 
“Hi.” Holly returned breathlessly. Jo cleared her throat. “ Hi. I’m Jo Watson.” Behind her Dominic's face was like thunder.  “Caleb Williams.” He replied to Jo politely then returned his attention to Holly which annoyed Jo. 
“Could you tell me where the gym is?” He asked.
“Well you could try opening your eyes.” Dominic piped in before Holly could answer. His head jerked in the direction of the gym that was just say visible through a group of elms. “It's the huge white building over there. Sticks out a mile. Gotta be blind not to see it.” He's voice dripped with venom. 
The two stared each other down with pure loathing on their handsome faces. Until Holly couldn't take it any-more. What was their problem?
“I'll show you.” She blurted out getting to her feet. Dominic broke his gaze and looked at her like he'd just remembered she was there. “I'll see you guys in class.” She said to him quickly before swinging her bag strap over her head and marched towards the gym like a woman on a mission. She didn't need to look back to see if Caleb was following. He fell into stride next to her. Matching her symmetry perfectly. 
“This is very kind of you.” He said. Holly could listen to his voice all day. “Your new here, right?” She caught him giving her a sideways glance and didn't want Caleb to think that she was a busy body. “It's just I've never seen you before and I think I would have remembered you.” She cringed.
He smiled taking it in his stride. “I'll take that as a compliment. I’ve Just moved here with my Father.”
“Where from?”
“California.”
“Ah the City of Angels. I would love to see it. I've never been....” She trailed off when he stopped. Holly faced him and blushed; he was studying her intensely  trying to read her. “Something I said?” She asked eyebrows raised. He immediately recovered. “No.” 
“How do you know Dominic?” She asked when he had started moving again. She badly wanted to know the deal between them.
“Who?” He asked his expression neutral.
“That guy back there. He was with me this morning...when we met.”
“I don't know him.” He said slowly.
Holly wasn't buying it. “You seem to really dislike each other. You don't feel that intensely about someone you don't know.” She stopped when had nearly reached the gym. Caleb faced her. 
“Okay we....do know each other...in a way.” He said trying to find the words to explain. “It's complicated.”
Holly nodded her head and slowly ate up the space between them. There was something about Caleb that made her feel safe, at ease. Her whole body felt relaxed and calm, except her heart. That was anything but calm. Being so close to him made her head dizzy but in a good way. “Okay. So um the gym's right behind you. Think you can find your way from here. Or would you like me to take you to your locker room?” She winked at him. Was she flirting? Holly didn't know what had gotten into her. She couldn't help herself.
He grinned, “I'm okay for now but maybe next time....” He winked back then vanished into the gym. 
The world started to spin under Holly's feet. She felt incredibly hot, she fanned her face with her hand to try and cool herself down. “Oh boy....”
§
“So. Spill it. Where'd you meet him?” Jo asked keeping her voice down.
They were sitting around a square table. The teacher, Miss Mills was busy telling the class about the Tudors or something Holly hadn't been able to focus on a word since she had took her seat. She was still dreaming about Caleb. 
“Hi Dominic.” Heather Sutton bent down and whispered as she passed to find her table. Heather was the school's head cheerleader and homecoming Queen. All the boys went mad for her and Holly could see why. She was amazingly beautiful, with long, straight blonde hair, and green eyes; her legs which she always showed off, seemed to stretch on for decades. 
Dominic smiled at her while Jo gave her an evil glance and said, “push off tart!” Making  everyone look at her. Heather gave a snort then left. Dominic looked at Jo in annoyance. To be fair Holly could understand why. Jo was acting like his girlfriend when things between them were still uncertain. Jo still didn't know if he liked her. 
“Well, are you going to tell me?” Jo continued not noticing or just plain ignoring the glare Dominic was giving her.
“I just bumped in to him this morning while I was....” Holly stopped herself realizing what was about to spill out next. She cast an anxious glance Dominic’s way who was looking at her with a grin of amusement.. Jo didn't need to know that she had been alone with Dominic when Caleb had magically appeared. 
“Getting my stuff from my locker.” She finished looking down at her opened text book. 
“That's why you were so were late to class.” Jo exclaimed. Holly felt her cheeks flush she hated lying to Jo like this but it was for her own good.
When the bell rang Holly practically sprang out of her seat like a coiled spring. She didn't want to be interrogated by Jo but it was Dominic who followed her.
“Someone's being naughty.” He teased. 
“No I'm not. I'm just....keeping to myself.” Holly shot at him. He threw his hands up in surrender. “Seriously why didn't you tell her you were with me?” He asked suddenly all business. Holly stopped walking, he grabbed her wrist and tugged her into a classroom doorway. Standing there with his body practically pressed against hers she felt an overwhelming desire to taste him but to her disappointment he leaned away. She saw uncertainty cloud his dark eyes as a look of bewilderment crossed his incredible beautiful face it stayed there for a moment before he quickly reverted to his old self.
“Unless you've had your head in the clouds these past few days you have to know how much Jo's into you. I mean really into you. I've never seen her this wound up about a guy before. She wouldn't understand. She already thinks that you and me...” She trailed off unable to say the rest. She was already imaging his arms wrapped around her.
Damn it! She had to stop thinking like this; he was forbidden fruit.
He looked at her and instantly she melted. “Thinks we what?” 
Her chest heaved the pining for him was becoming unbearable. 
“Dominic,” she whispered. He was so close now that Holly could hear him breathing hard. His chest rose and fell as quickly as her own. “It's a line we can't cross.”
His lips were inches away. “Lines were made to be crossed.” He whispered. 
Their lips met in an explosion of passion.
His kiss was soft, tender, amazing. He wrapped an arm around her waist pressing her body into his. Holly knew this shouldn't be happening but she was powerless to stop it. She wanted him. She could try and deny it but she couldn't escape the truth. 
Caleb!
His face flashed through her mind causing her momentarily lapse of self-control to right itself. She broke away. “I'm sorry. I just can't..” She told him then ran as fast as her legs could carry her.
§
“She's late.” 
Ricky kicked off his shoes and spread his legs across the Watson's plush sofa.
“She's always late.” Jo reminded him placing the bowl of hot popcorn on the wooden table; while checking her watch anxiously. “He should be here by now.”
“Who?” Ricky asked.
“Dominic. Oh well we'll just have to start the movie without them.” She threw herself down beside Ricky. They watched the opening credits in silence. “You invited Dominic? I didn't know he was part of our crew now.” He finally said. She glared at him. “He's not. But maybe...after....” she trailed off. He didn't push it. “Have you noticed how different Holly's been since school started?” He asked changing the subject. 
“It's just her parents stressing her out. They want her to go to Brown you know?”
“Really? Brown?”
Jo nodded. “She'll be fine once finals are out the way.”
“I think she just needs to get laid. Iron out the cricks.” He grinned.
“Like you would know what getting laid feels like.”
“ I will one day. It's Holly's birthday in a few month.” He said grabbing a handful of popcorn.
“I know.”
“Let me guess.” Ricky arched his eyebrows at her. “Another party.” Jo pulled a face at him. “You really annoy me sometimes.”
“It's why I'm on this earth sweetie.”
“Don't call me that pig-boy!” Jo threw a cushion at him. 
“So are you and Dominic together?” He asked casually.
“Not yet. But it's only a matter of time.”
“Have you asked him to the party Friday?”
“Jeez..lay off with the twenty questions already. I was planning on asking him tonight. That's if he ever shows.”
Jo looked at her watch again. Where were they?
§
Holly sat at the top of the bleachers. Looking at nothing in particular even though the football team was out practising. The kiss was still on her mind. How could she have let it happen?
Jo was her best friend she had really messed up this time. Holly didn’t notice the rain clouds moving in or the drop in temperature  until cold drops of rain started to fall. Still she didn't move.
“Holly?”
Caleb made his way up the bleachers.
“Great,” she thought.
Holly wanted to be alone with her self-pity; by the time he had reached her his wet T-shirt was plastered to his toned torso. “What are you doing out here? You must be freezing.” When she didn't answer him. He sat down next to her his arm brushed hers sending a wave of warmth through her whole body. “You want to talk about it?” 
This guy was so sweet. He would even risk pneumonia for her. “I'm Okay.” She muttered not really meaning it. “Holly, you're far from okay. His voice was full of genuine concern and when she looked in his eyes they pleaded with her to him what was wrong.
She caved. 
The tears came sudden and unexpected. They streamed down her face like rain on a window pane. Caleb wrapped her up in his arms hugging her to him as stroked her wet hair. “Hey, come on now, it can't be that bad.” 
 “I'm a crappy friend.” She cried into his chest. She felt his body tense as Caleb held her away from him looking at her no… into her. That's what it felt like. His blue eyes were so penetrating.
“Listen to me.” He said aggressively. “You are not a crappy friend do you hear me?” Holly was taken aback by his violent reaction. “You don't know what I've done...” She gasped. “I don't need to. A girl as sweet as you could never be anything but perfect.” He said softly. Caleb’s conviction was so earnest that she almost believed him. “Let's get out of this rain, before we both catch our deaths.” He took her hand in his and gently led her inside. 
School had let out an hour and a half ago. The corridors felt vast and empty. They were just about clear when turning the last corner they bumped into Dominic.
As soon as Holly saw him she averted her eyes quickly; not wanting to look at him in case she felt the overwhelming need to throw herself back into his arms. Caleb's hand tightened around hers protectively. “Well fancy bumping into you...again.” Dominic said to Caleb. 
“What are you doing here?” Caleb asked him in a hushed tone.
 “I go here remember?” Dominic threw at him. “Hello Holly.” She hid herself further behind Caleb and felt Dominic's eyes on her willing her to look at him. Caleb pulled on her hand “well we were just leaving.” Caleb guided her past him but at the last second Dominic grabbed her wrist. “We need to talk.” He muttered to her. Caleb spun around and pushed Dominic away from her with one forceful hand. 
“Get away from her.” He yelled at him.
 Dominic staggered a few feet then lifted his head. His eyes were as black as night. “No need to get so pushy...Caleb.” He spat out the name like it tasted sour on his tongue.
 Suddenly Caleb was flying through the air he hit the ground with a dull thud then skidded across the surface.
Shocked at his aerial display Holly watched him get to his feet. A grin crossed his perfect cupid’s bow. “Is that all you've got?” She saw his hands clench into fists as Dominic stepped towards him.
“Wait!” She cried stepping in the middle of them. “Stop! Both of you.” She pleaded. Caleb blinked quickly uncurling his fists. Dominic stepped back but his stormy eyes never left Caleb's. “Leave.” He told her harshly.
“Why? So you two can beat the holy crap out of each other? I'm not going anywhere!”
“Holly please do as he says.” Caleb pleaded. “I'll see you tomorrow I promise.” She looked at them both like they were crazy  then Caleb's arms engulfed her. And she melted into his embrace. Her body felt tired and emotional perhaps she should go home.  But what would happen to him if she left these two alone?
“Holly?”
 She looked up into Caleb's gorgeous face. “We'll be fine. But you need to leave. Now.”
 The blue in his eyes seemed to swirl into little whirlpools they pulled her in. She nodded mechanically.  
Caleb watched her trudge down the corridor and out the building.
§ 
A small ball of fire narrowly missed Caleb's head. He ducked instinctively and it hit the wall, leaving a scorch mark behind. He retaliated with a ball of light. It glimpsed off a wooden trophy case behind Dominic.
They ran at each other in a fit of rage. Dominic glanced a couple of blows off Caleb's face. 
Caleb drove a knee into Dominic's stomach. Dominic head butted Caleb, they parried for close to an hour. Throwing each other off of walls. Kicking, punching. The corridor looked like a battle zone.
After two hours Dominic sat down and leaned against the wall; while Caleb walked in a circle working a nick out of his neck trying to hold his temper at bay. Dominic spat blood out of his mouth. “Well that was fun.” Caleb flashed him an angry glare.
“Oh come on. You can't kill me and I can't kill you. Being immortal sucks sometimes doesn't it?”
“This is all a game to you, isn’t it?” Caleb said.
Dominic smiled. “You can't stop it Caleb. No more than I can. We're pawns, you might as well get used to it” He got to his feet gingerly. Caleb packed quite a punch. “My Father will get the girl. He will be freed, it's inevitable.”
“So you don't care that you're leading Holly to her death?”
Dominic faltered. “Why should I care? She's just a mortal. Plenty more around.” His tone was defensive. 
“She's far more than that and you know it.”
Dominic looked at him and an instant Caleb thought he saw fear cloak his face like midnight. Dominic vanished from the corridor.

§
Caleb sat in the dark room.
He watched Holly toss and turn under her sheets as he leaned against the window frame. He knew he shouldn't be there but he had to make sure that she got home okay; otherwise it would have been tormenting him all night. Caleb had sworn to himself that he would never compel her; an oath he had broken back at the school when he had sent her home against her will.
It had been necessary he told himself Holly could have gotten hurt; or their secret would have been revealed and Caleb knew that Holly wasn't ready...yet. She tossed violently on the bed almost falling out of it; her face covered in perspiration. Caleb knew the evil that would be tormenting her sleep and it would only get worse as her birthday grew closer.
She called out his name making him start; he crossed to her and settled down on the bed. He couldn't resist the temptation to touch her; with a hand he gently moved a few stray ends of dark hair from her face. Instantly she grew still under his touch looking almost peaceful. He moved away quickly. He too could be dangerous to Holly.
Caleb had heard about his kind falling for mortals; forsaking everything but their eternal love. He had never understood how they could bear to leave behind their grace...their wings.
But he did now.
He had been charged to watch over Holly since she had been born. He had watched her grow. He knew what made her laugh and what made her sad. He knew that her eyes burned brighter when he was near something Holly would never notice; but Caleb did. He knew her so well that she felt like a piece of him.
It had been hell to watch her meet people; watch them touch her life. He longed to be able to show himself but that had been against the rules...till now. 
There was a spike in temperature warning Caleb of another’s presence; he looked around the small bedroom and wasn’t shocked to see Castillo stood beside him; like Caleb he gazed down at the sleeping Holly. “Was that fight really necessarily?” He asked Caleb in the same pleasant voice that Caleb had grown used to. Caleb looked at him in alarm. “Oh, don't worry. She can't hear us. You may speak freely.”
“It was unavoidable.” He answered. It had felt good to vent; on earth he felt a constraint that had never bothered him in Heaven. 
Castillo nodded his head then inspected the charming deco. “Well it's all tidied now. No one will ever know what went on. So...” He smiled at Caleb. “No harm done.”
Caleb nodded still unable to tear his eyes away from Holly even though he should. Angels were not supposed to fall In love with their charges. It was a sin. 
“Caleb there was a few in Heaven who disagreed with my decision to send you to protect her against the demon.”
Caleb looked at him in surprise but kept quiet. When Castillo spoke you listened.
“Some are...concerned that you are...too close to the girl; but I knew that you would protect her far better than anyone else could.” Castillo placed a firm hand on his shoulder and Caleb felt warmth flow through him. The glow of Heaven. It surprised Caleb how much he had come to miss it while on earth. “It's a good thing that you care too much, it's what I need at the moment. I know that if called upon, you'd give up you're own life to save hers.”
Caleb's eyes sparkled with tears. He felt ashamed. “If you knew of my...sins. Why I'm I not being punished?”
Castillo wiped a stray tear from his cheek. “I'm afraid you will be punished Caleb. After this business with Hell is behind us. At the moment, like I’ve mentioned I need you here with her.”
Caleb looked away of course they knew. It was almost impossible to keep a secret when you were an Angel. He was connected spiritually to his brothers and they would have felt it when his devotion started to sway.
“I came to warn you Caleb. It may not be just Hell you're up against.” The warmness vanished as Castillo removed his hand and his voice hardened.
Caleb glanced at Holly his face turned to stone. It was time for his poker face. “Who else is after her?”
“I fear...Michael. He has never been a fan of the girl. He thinks that keeping her alive was a mistake. Now that Hell has found her, he is even more determined to see her perish.”
“Michael?” Caleb's doubting voice repeated. “But our Father made it very simple. She is to be protected. Michael would never go against the wishes of our creator.”
“I fear that Michael has lost his faith in Father's ways.”
“No.” Caleb said sternly. “I could never believe that of Michael. Our brother is committed to Heaven and to Father.”
Castillo sighed heavily. He sat down delicately on a wooden chair beside Holly's desk. For the first time since the beginning of creation Caleb saw weariness on his bosses face.
“It has been a long time since any of us saw Father. Angels are losing their faith in his continued absence. We have lost nearly a quarter of our number in recent years.” He looked at him, his eyes held sadness that broke Caleb's heart. 
“More of us are falling.”
Caleb stared down at the grey carpeted floor; he had felt it they all had when their Father had left. No one knew where he had gone. After Lucifer's revolt their Father had been greatly upset weakened at losing half of his children; his family fractured. They had hoped Father would return to Heaven to them when he had gotten over his grief; but that had been millennia ago and they were still waiting. The seraphim the highest ranking Angels in Heaven had taken over the reins; making sure that that their Father's legacy still ran like clockwork. 
Caleb knew that their Father's abrupt absence hurt Michael. Michael had been very close to him. It had been Michael that their Father had turned to to stop Lucifer's wave of rebellion; and Michael had done just that; without ever having a doubt that Lucifer maybe had a point. 
Michael's devotion to their Father had been unwavering. 
Caleb knew that God still relayed orders to The Seraphim but never in person; and only on rare occasion. The last they had heard from Father had been the night Holly was born. Almost eighteen mortal years ago. 
“You know. I always had big hopes for you.” Castillo's voice brought Caleb out of his thoughts; when he looked at him Castillo's sadness had disappeared. He was smiling.
“You may be young. But you have such strength.” 
Caleb had been among the last Angels to be created by their maker, earning him the title of youth. “Caleb if we fail this girl...” 
“We won't.” Caleb's voice rang out true and strong. He couldn't even think about losing Holly. He would not allow it to happen.
Castillo studied him. “I admire your conviction. But Lucifer has many...tricks up his sleeve. In the off chance that this girl does move in their favour....You will have to make sure that she doesn't fall into their hands. The consequences....Well you know what would happen.”
He was looking at Caleb intently. “What are you saying?”
Castillo got up and walked to him. Their eyes locked.

 “You will have to kill her.”



















Chapter Four

§

The Party

“There you are!” Jo's voice drifted along on the morning wind. “Where were you last night?” She was lying in wait for Holly at their usual meeting place two streets away from school. Holly gave her a puzzled frown. “What?”
“God! You look like death!” Jo told her. 
“Rough night.” 
They walked on in silence Holly could feel Jo's eyes on her. Watching. 
“So?” Jo looked at her questioningly when Holly looked back at with a blank expression Jo added. “Movie night. My house. Last night. Remember?”
Holly slapped a hand against her forehead in frustration. It had totally slipped her mind. She had been too preoccupied with guilt tripping over Dominic. 
“Sorry. I totally forgot.”
Jo shrugged her shoulders. “Don't sweat it. You weren’t the only one who was a no show.”
“Ricky forgot too?”
“Nah. Dominic.”
Holly felt her cheeks flush at the sound of his name and hoped Jo wouldn't notice.
“Just me and Ricky. I had to practically push him out the front door. So where were you anyway? I tried calling but you're Mom said you were out.”
Holly felt her whole body tense. It was no use. One look at her guilty face and Jo would know. She had never been a very good liar. Holly was just about to confess when Caleb came round the corner.
Her words stuck in her throat and her head spun. The ground seemed to dissolve under her she felt like she was flying way from her troubles; Caleb always made her feel that way; that nothing really mattered any-more. Nothing but him. 
“Hey Holly. Jo.”
 She wanted to dive into his arms.
“Hi Caleb.” Jo greeted him her eyes flickering back and fourth between Holly and Caleb.
There was a tense energy emanating from him she felt it in the way he refused to meet her eyes; and the way he bristled his fingers against his blue jeans. He seemed agitated. 
“I just wanted to see if you were okay? It got pretty...” He hesitated looking in Jo's direction. 
“Heated last night.”
Holly had forgotten all about his and Dominic's altercation until Caleb mentioned it. How she had managed to let it slip from her mind she couldn't fathom. She had been pretty frightened at the time. The extent of their hatred for one another had been evident on both of their faces; for some reason watching them go at hit her like a jack-hammer. 
Before she could say anything Jo pulled her away. “Excuse us a second Caleb.” He looked at Holly while Jo dragged her away his sad eyes never left her.
“Oh My God!” Jo exclaimed. “You and him...?”
Caleb was leaning against a tree by the side of the road he looked worried; as if something heavy was on his mind. 
“I thought that I sensed a strange tension coming off you. You slept with Caleb!”
Holly looked at Jo whose eyes were wide with disbelief.
“What? Jo...”
“I can't believe it! Miss-I'm-waiting-till-I'm-married. You only met him yesterday. How the hell did it happen?”
“Jo. I need you to listen to me okay. I haven't slept with Caleb.” Holly spoke slowly so there could be no misunderstanding. She glanced over at him and grimaced inside when saw him looking their way. Had he heard what they were talking about? 
Jo looked confused. “But he said that things had gotten heated last night. What else could he have meant? And the checking on you this morning, was he a bit rough with unbridled passion? Is that what you meant by rough night?” She had an eager glint in her eyes that Holly couldn't help laughing at.
“Unbridled passion?”
“So I read a lot of mills and boon. So what.”
“Jo! Caleb got into a fight last night. That's what he meant by the heated bit.”
“Oh.” Jo said not bothering to hide her disappointment. “Who with? Did you get hurt?”
Holly stalled should she tell Jo about Caleb and Dominic's feud? 
No it was best not to worry her and besides it was really their business. “Just a guy. No I'm fine.”
“Good.”
“Come on he's waiting.”
Holly walked quickly back to Caleb before Jo could ask any-more questions. They all walked to school together. Caleb was distant and quiet all the way there which quite frankly worried her. Jo was rambling on about finals and god knows what else all Holly could concentrate on was how her hand brushed against Caleb's lightly while they walked.
 Neither of them moved away.
Even the slightest touch from Caleb could warm her whole body. Instantly thawing the cold ice that had seemed to have permanently taken up residence in the pit of her stomach. Except when he touched her.
Jo spotted Ricky waiting just beyond the Oak trees. “I'll see you two in class.” She waved while skipping off toward him. Caleb watched her go then turned to Holly. “She's really...something.” He said. Holly grinned. “You get used to her.” His smile made Holly's heart skip a beat. She frowned when the light caught him, revealing a long shallow fresh gash on the side of his head. She reached up to check it. “Did he do this?” Caleb caught her hand midway. “It's nothing to worry about. I'm a fast healer.” Holly looked into his eyes. They seemed duller then they had been last night. “What's wrong?” She asked him.
He shook his head. “Nothing. Come on, I'll walk you to class.”
He held her hand as they walked side by side.
§
The first thing Holly saw as she walked hand in hand with Caleb through the schools corridor was Dominic. He was propped up against a locker talking to Jo while Ricky hovered in the background. Heather passed by and Holly watched her make a bee line for Dominic; who saw her coming and winked at her over Jo's head. Holly saw Heather touch his arm as they said something she couldn't make out. 
“We're here.” Caleb said quietly in her ear making her feel rotten. Here she was holding Caleb's hand while drooling over Dom. It was getting silly. Holly knew she had to make a decision. Dominic excited her. But there was a whole, different side to him that she had only glimpsed and it scared her.
In her heart Holly knew the guy she wanted.
She had only known Caleb for one day but is seemed like she knew who he was. She felt their connection. It was undeniable. After one day Holly was falling for Caleb Williams. If she needed proof all she had to do was listen to the way her heart pounded every-time he was near, how his slightest touch made her feel safe and protected, how her eyes were drawn to him whenever he was close.
“Jo's having this party Friday night,” she started suddenly placing her hands on his muscular arms that wrapped around her waist pulling her to him. “I'm not really the partying type...” he said while looking into her eyes. “That makes two of us. But since I have no choice. I thought that maybe we could go together?”
He looked hesitant.
“You would be saving me from sitting awkwardly in a dark corner.” She mused. “Then how can I say no.” He put a finger under her chin and tilted her face up close to his. She closed her eyes.
“I'm warning you Bitch! Stay away from him!” Jo's angry yell made Holly eyes involuntarily open. She looked over her shoulder just in time to see her lunge for Heather. “Jesus.” Holly muttered pulling against Caleb's grip. 
Holly raced over and grabbed Jo who was just about to smash a fist into Heather's face. Holly's momentum spun the two girls around so that Holly was the closet to Heather.  She glimpsed Dominic grinning out the corner of her eye. Was he enjoying this?
“You crazy troll!” Heather yelled at Jo. “You really think he wants you? You're just a skank!”
Holly held Jo back. “Holly let me at her!” Jo implored. “Jo! You're not going to hit her.” Holly told her. Jo stopped pushing and looked at her, “and why not?” She asked.
“Because I am!” 
Holly swung around. Fist clenched. She caught an unsuspecting Heather right on the nose and heard a sickening crack. Heather's hands flew to her face. “My nose!” She yelled out in pain. “She broke my nose!” By now they had attracted a crowd.
Holly stood there mesmerized by the blood pouring from Heather's broken nose. Had she really just done that?
Before she could apologize Heather flew at her in a rage. They both tumbled to the floor rolling along the polished tiles. Heather slamming her head off the floor while Holly had her hands around Heather's throat; then Heather was torn from her grasp. Holly, temper flaring at this point got to her feet and ran at Heather, who was being held at bay by Dominic. 
Hands grabbed Holly’s waist holding her back; no matter how much she fought she couldn't break the powerful grip. 
“I'll kill you! You bitch!” Heather yelled at her from across the hallway.
“Bring it cheer-slut!” Holly tossed back at her.
Miss Wilson was trying to get through the crowd that booed at the catfight being broke up. Holly stopped struggling against her captor who relaxed his grip. “Holly...” Caleb's voice said in her ear but she didn’t stick around to hear the rest; she charged forward with all her might
taking Caleb by surprise. 
She was an arm’s length from Heather who was huddled in Dominic's arms when Caleb caught up to her. “Holly! Stop!” He told her forcefully. Holly sailed her hand forwards catching Heather in the face her head of flowing yellow hair snapped backwards and she would have fell if Dominic's arms hadn't been around her. 
Miss Mills managed to through the barrage of students; she looked at Caleb who was physically restraining Holly. “Get her out of here. Now!” She shouted to him. Caleb half-dragged-half-carried an uncooperative Holly down the corridor and out into the fresh air. Heather's voice followed them. Ringing out threats.
Jo and Ricky burst through the doors after them a heartbeat later.
“Let go of me!” Holly screamed at him. “Not until you've calmed down.” He said evenly. She took big breaths then stopped struggling with Caleb. He still held her by the waist tight, not falling for the same trick twice.
“Holly!” Jo's voice pierced the air. “That was...”
“Amazing!” Ricky finished. Caleb glared at them. “Don't encourage her.” He scolded. “She had it coming Caleb.” Jo muttered. “Yeah. No one calls Jo a skank and gets away with it.” Ricky told him. Caleb's attention centred on Holly who hadn't said a word since screaming at him to let her go. She looked more of her self but he wanted to be sure before he released her.
“Holly. If I let you go will you promise not to go after Heather again?” He asked her slowly. She nodded.
He released her and she slumped to the ground. “Guys,” Caleb faced Ricky and Jo. “Could you give us a minute?” They nodded and vanished back into the building. “Let me take a look at you.” He said quietly kneeling in front of her and holding her chin in one hand. Turning her head this way then the opposite way. Holly’s face was remarkably untouched.
He ran his hand through her dark hair and she grimaced. Caleb traced her skull finding a lump the size of an orange starting to form on the back of her head; where Heather had slammed her into the tiled floor.
“Well you'll have a hell of a bump there tomorrow.” He remarked. “Are you okay?”
“Nothing that an aspirin won't cure.” She joked. “I don't know what came over me. I just felt really...angry all of a sudden.”
Caleb looked away. “Don't worry about it. She was asking for it. Not that I condone your actions of course. You were pretty...merciless.”
“I'm going to get expelled, aren't I?” 
Caleb pulled her to her feet she wobbled but his arms steadied her. Holding her against him Caleb slowly steered her back into school. “Not likely. I'm sure the principle won't kick you out. It was your first fight.” 
Holly looked up at him. “How did you know that?” She asked.
“You don't seem like a girl who gets into fights very often. Although you can certainly handle yourself  when you do.” 
Caleb held her all the way to class.
§
After dropping Holly off Caleb made his way to the nurse's room and saw Dominic waiting outside. “We need to talk.” Caleb muttered as he walked past him with a sigh Dominic reluctantly followed.
Caleb walked until he reached the school yard. The strong northerly wind wrapped around him making his jacket cling to him.
It was glorious weather.
He tossed his head back and looked up at the white fluffy clouds gliding by. He felt a deep-rooted craving to let out his wings. He felt so squashed inside this form. 
“How's Holly?” Dominic asked ruining the moment...
“What do you care?” 
“That's not fair! How was I supposed to know Holly would lose it like that? I've never seen her....She was so fiery.” Caleb smirked. “You don't see do you? We are to blame. Our battle last night....” He trailed off when he saw it dawn on Dominic's face.
“Dust.” He said simply. “I thought your side cleaned it up?” Caleb froze. Images flashed through his mind. Castillo, warning him the night before. Holly's face transformed with anger. That corridor had been the very same one that Caleb had had his fight with Dominic in last night. “Michael.” He said with an understanding groan.
“Michael?” Dominic echoed. “is after Holly.” Caleb said simply. “I thought she was to be protected by your kind. What do you mean after her?” Caleb crossed to a wooden table. “Michael has never agreed with Heaven when it comes to Holly. He thinks she's too dangerous to let live.” Dominic snorted. “Angels.” He spat out. Caleb ignored him. “We have to be more careful Dominic. Our fight last night left behind 'dust' that somehow transferred to Holly and Heather. She could have been injured.”
“Let's tell it like it is Caleb. Your Angels didn't clean up so well on the orders of Michael. He knew the dust off our battle would find an outlet; hoping Holly would come out worse for wear. She'd be easy pickings in a hospital bed.”
Caleb hated to admit it but Dominic was right.
Whenever Immortals had battles it left behind dust. Not normal household dust. But Angel dust. Whatever emotions Angels felt were magnified ten fold in battle. Hate, love, betrayal it didn't matter. It was recorded in the dust that they're blows against each other created. It would hang in the air for a while over the battle ground. It would eventually dissipate over time. But it could affect mortals. Flow into them. Making them feel whatever emotion had been absorbed into the dust.
In this instance: the hate Caleb and Dominic had for one another.
It had seeped into Holly and Heather enraging them. Fuelling their animosity towards each other. It was unlikely that the clean-up crew would have left it behind. Unless they had been ordered to. Heaven was very careful when it came to cleaning up it's messes.
That's what Castillo had been trying to tell him.
But there was no way of knowing who it would effect. Michael had gotten lucky. Hundreds of students passed through that corridor everyday, it could have been channelled into any-one of them. Caleb couldn't believe that Michael would be so careless in his cause.
“If it is Michael....”
“What do you mean if? This stunt reeks of him!” 
“It means we can't be giving him any-more ammunition. You need Holly alive as much as we do. It will take both of us to stop Michael!”
“What do you mean by we? Can't your bosses take care of him? After all he is rebelling.”
“Heaven will never send Angels after they're own kind. It's not how we operate. Not after Lucifer.”
“So they would just sit back and let him kill Holly!”
“Look!” Caleb said getting to his feet. His temper steadily rising. “You and I are the only thing Holly has.” He couldn't bring himself to say what he had to say next but when it came to Holly there's nothing he wouldn't do. “I propose a truce. Just until we get rid of Michael.”
Dominic's eyes narrowed. “I'm not promising anything. But I will do everything in my power to keep Michael away from her. She's no use to my Father dead.”
“Then we are agreed?”
Dominic nodded his head.
§
“So are you and Caleb official yet?” Holly buried her head further into the magazine that lay open on Jo's bed. Jo tossed a trainer at her. “No. We're just....taking it slow.” In truth they hadn't even shared a first kiss yet.
Jo appeared from the mountain-sized pile of clothes on the floor and rolled her eyes. “For god sake. It's clear to everybody how much he's into you. He can't take his eyes off you.” She moved to the full length mirror that hung on the back of her bedroom door and checked out her reflection from different angles. “What about this one?” She asked Holly for the hundredth time.
They had been at this for nearly two hours. 
Friday night had finally arrived. The room was set up. Jo's parents were out of town on a skiing trip and Jo had been trying on everything she owned; looking for the perfect outfit that would make Dominic go crazy with lust. 
Holly looked at her friend. Her blonde hair had been straightened to an inch of its life, and was piled on top of her head in a loose white band. She had showered, shaved, and even moisturised. She wore a pink boob tube and a short flared out white mini-skirt Holly would never have dared to wear such a loud short outfit. She just didn't have the guts.
“You look...amazing.” She replied meaning every word. Jo had pulled out all the stops Holly just hoped that Dominic would make it worth her while.
“I think so too.” Jo giggled nervously as Holly got off the bed. Jo gave her the once over. She had gone for the casual look with a black sleeved dress that stopped just before her knees. “That dress is hardly flattering Holly.”
“It's comfortable.”
 Jo went to her closet and returned with a short black dress that glittered with sliver sequence and a plunging neck-line.  “Live a little Holly. Try that on.” Holly was beginning to object but Jo shoved it at her. “Please!” She took the dress and moved behind one of the closet doors. The dress felt tight and was far too short for her liking but Jo gasped when she stepped out. Whoa!” You look beautiful.”
Holly moved to the mirror. The dress did cling in all the right places accentuating her curves.
It made her pale skin glow brighter in contrast to the black of the dress. “Well at least it's not as short as yours.” Jo laughed. “Easy access.” She said. “Ugh! Jo! I didn't need to know that.” Holly told her. “What? Tonight is my last as a virgin.” 
“You really want to do this?” 
“Hell yes!” Jo went to her bedside table and pulled something out from the drawer. “And I'm taking precautions.” She showed Holly a whole row of little yellow packets joined together.
“Jo how many times do you plan on doing it?” 
Jo laughed. “Who knows.” She winked shoving them in her skirt pocket as the door-bell went and ran downstairs to answer it. From upstairs Holly heard Jo's voice welcoming the first of the guests. Holly looked at herself in the mirror again. Would Caleb like it?
It was a drastic change from her jeans and sweaters. She heard the door bell ring again and Jo's high pitched voice which seemed to reach a few decibels higher whenever Dominic was near. Holly crossed to the window. Cars covered Jo's lawn. Downstairs she heard music boom into life. The party was under way. 
“Holly!” Jo's voice called to her. “Caleb's here.”
Holly's heart fluttered. Her chest restricted. She felt dizzy. Before she lost her nerve altogether she left the bedroom and stopped at the top of the stairs. The place was already crammed. People plugged up the hallway. Holly's nerves got the better of her; she turned intending to go back into the bedroom and change back into her original but not so stunning dress that fit like a tent. The black high heels Jo had lent her wobbled dangerously and she grabbed the bannister to steady herself and that was when she saw him.
Caleb looked so good it physically hurt.
He leaning against the kitchen wall; two girls in short skirts and matching boots were crowded round him. Holly felt jealousy rear it's ugly head inside her. Full of fire she marched down the stairs ignoring the praising looks that were sent her way. She ignored Dominic and Jo who stood in the middle of the room. It wasn't until she reached Caleb and saw his eyes travel down her body that Holly realized what she was still wearing.
“Oh, dear god.” She muttered under her breath. He came to her and wrapped her up in his arms. “You look....”She glanced up at him “Hideous. I know.” She buried her head against his chest hearing his heartbeat reverberate off her ear. 
His heart was racing.
“Heartbreakingly beautiful.” His voice broke with emotion. She raised her head not wanting to look in he's eyes in case she had misheard him.
When Caleb finally forced her to look up his lips came down on hers hungrily. The room disappeared and the noise was drowned out by the blood pounding in her eardrums. His lips traced hers lightly making her shiver with pleasure. Caleb pressed a hand to the small of her back pushing her tightly to him their bodies melted together. Holly's hands locked around his neck as his soft touch followed the contours of her body till he got to her hips. He grabbed them gently leaning her away so he could kiss her neck and collarbone; she let out a low moan as her hands fisted his hair.
Their lips locked again. 
The urgent need Holly felt penetrate her from Caleb's lips left her breathless. She broke away from him panting from the force of his emotions; which he made her feel with every kiss every touch. He looked at her in shock as if his feelings scared him too. They were both breathing hard. Holly felt eyes on them.
The room had grown quiet. Utter silence expect for the music. She looked over at Jo who had her hand over her heart and tears welling in her eyes. “That was so beautiful...” She cried.
“Wow!” Holly heard a girl beside her whisper. Everyone in the room seemed as effected as Holly by Caleb's kiss.  Dominic brushed past her grabbing Caleb by the shoulder leading him through the kitchen door to the backyard. As soon as Caleb was out of sight Holly slowly recovered as did the rest of the room. They went back to their drinking and the room buzzed with conversation again.
§
“Have you lost you're mind!”  Dominic hissed trying to keep his tone low so that he wouldn't be overheard by the few people scattered around Jo's backyard. Caleb was still reeling. He shuffled over to the deck and dropped himself down on the top step. Dominic sat next to him. “That was the first time you've kissed anyone isn’t it?” He asked him solemnly.
Caleb nodded not trusting himself to speak. He took in deep breathes trying to calm the hurricane that had built up inside him. “Does it always feel...like that?”
Dominic smiled sadly. “No. That...happens once in a lifetime if you're lucky. What you're feeling Caleb is true love.” Heat rushed through his body. He had to leave. Now. 
“Caleb! Not here!” Dominic's voice warned.
“I can't stop it Dom!”
Dominic rushed to his feet. “Leave, out the back way quick before you ignite!” 
“But Holly!” Caleb said. Trying to scramble upright. 
“You could both do with some time apart. Don't worry I'll make up an excuse. Caleb you have to leave!” Dominic helped him to his feet and practically pushed him to the back gate. Caleb stumbled through it leaving the gate swinging in his wake.


Dominic let out a breath he hadn't realized he'd been keeping in. From somewhere up above him in the dark starry night a light glowed brightly than any other; lighting up the heavens. Then went out. 
That had been close.
If Caleb's glory had erupted while he'd still been in Jo's yard. Every single mortal in the house and within a five-mile radius would have burnt to a crisp. Mortals couldn't see an Angel's true form. It would overwhelm their senses. The sheer heat and light that was an Angel would melt their bodies leaving nothing behind. Not even ashes.
Caleb was in very deep water and was in over his head.
But then again he wasn't the only one. Dominic had had many couplings with mortal women over the millennia. Lucifer encouraged it unlike Heaven. After all a guy had needs. Mortal or otherwise. Keeping it bottled up didn't do any-one any-good. 
But Dominic had never felt for any of them. Sure they made him lustful but that was as far as it got. After the deed was done Dominic couldn't have given a damn about them. 
Until Holly.
Just being near her made the hair on his skin stand up. That afternoon at the school when he had kissed her he had felt; had actually felt!
Something long since dormant had stirred deep within him. Not just lust...desire. She had gotten under his skin. He hoped that once he had had her that it would pass in fact he was sure of it.  He wasn't Caleb he didn't need 'feelings' clouding up his waters. He was here for a purpose and that's what he had to focus on.
Satan's son just didn't fall in love. Ever.
A sly smile spread across his ruby red lips. It was time to put his plan into action.
§
Dominic strutted back through Jo's kitchen.
Holly and Jo were standing in the doorway to the living room talking. Probably about Caleb maybe about him.
“Holly,” Dominic wrapped his hand around hers and lead her away from Jo. He knew Jo was watching every move he made. “Caleb had to go his father called, he told me to tell you that he had a great time and that he'll see you at school.” He watched Holly's face fall. There was no worse brush off then exiting right after kissing a girl and not even bothering to say goodbye.
“Oh.” 
Dominic forced back a smile. “You’re not the first to be rejected by him.”
“Well, em...I have to go and...make more punch.” Holly stammered. Dominic watched her dash into the kitchen and found himself wondering whether she would cry or not. He had her exactly where he wanted her all he had to do was play the understanding friend; offer her a shoulder to cry on. It was like taking candy from a baby.
But something happened then that Dominic hadn't accounted for. A very randy seventeen year old schoolgirl stood in his way.
Jo Watson.
She reached up and smothered him with a kiss on his lips. When he finally managed to unlock their mouths she grabbed his hand and dragged him towards the stairs. “I'm tired of waiting.” She called to him over the music. 
The noise of the party died away slowly till it became a dull whisper. Jo shoved him roughly into a closed door that flew open under his weight and he stumbled backwards landing on a soft bed.  
 She was on him before he had time to speak. 
Her legs apart she mounted him kissing his neck as her hands worked with his belt. She was certainly excitable; under different circumstances Dominic would have given her what she wanted; breaking her in till she begged him for mercy but Holly was where his attention needed to be tonight. He had gotten fed up of this town and wanted to get the job done then leave.  “Jo. Stop!” He commanded. Tossing her backwards onto the bed. “MMM, you like it rough, do you?” She pounced on his back nibbling his earlobe. Her unpractised hands caressing him. Then a idea hit him. He could use this to his advantage. 
“Jo, I can't. It wouldn't be fair to you.”
Jo looked at him. He could hear her heart pounding from where he stood. “What are you talking about? I want you Dominic.”
“But I don't want...you.” He said slowly avoiding her gaze. This was too easy!
“What?” She looked like a car had hit her.
“Truth is I only talked to you to get closer to Holly. It's her I want.”
He heard her inhale deeply then she looked away. “Holly?”
“I can't get her out of my head. Ever since we kissed...”
Jo's eyes narrowed. “You kissed her? When?”
He shrugged. “Tuesday. She kissed me I wanted to tell you but Holly told me not to. That it would only hurt you.”
Jo's face flushed red and her hands curled into fists. Dominic thought she was going to explode. 
“Oh did she now!” Jo tore out of the room and down the stairs. Dominic followed trying to hide his grin. This had worked out better than expected.
§
Holly sat on a stool in Jo's kitchen. The punch bowl that she had just topped up next to her.
She had gotten Caleb totally wrong. Instead of being her potential 'one', he had ruined her night. How could he just blow her off like that after the way they had kissed?
It didn't make sense, maybe she had read more into it then he did but surely it wasn't just her imagination. There had been something between them right? 
“Holly!” She looked up when she heard her name. It was Ricky. “Jo's freaking out!”
“Huh?” She said but he had already disappeared into the living room. She followed and stopped dead when she saw Jo.
“Get out! Everybody!” Jo screamed throwing the mini music system off its shelf. The room started to empty. “Jo?” Holly stared at her. Jo's eyes met hers. “You! You...backstabbing whore!” Jo threw at her accusingly. Holly's eyes rested on Dominic who was standing behind Jo looking at the floor and her whole world collapse. “You couldn't keep away from him could you?” Jo screamed at her. “The one guy I actually liked and you just had to steal him!”
“Jo I don't know....” Holly began,
“You kissed him Holly. How could you? You knew I was into him! I thought you were my friend!”
Holly felt tears bubble in her eyes. She looked away not being able to handle the hurt in her best friend's eyes. The hurt she had caused.
“Jo, it was a mistake. It never should have happened. I wanted to tell you..”
“What stopped you?” This time it was Ricky's voice that cut through Holly like a knife. She had never heard him so angry.
“I didn't want to hurt you.”
Jo laughed. “Well you bloody well have! Just get out Holly. I never want to see you again!” Her voice broke and she started to cry Ricky went to her and drew her into a hug. She collapsed against him her body shook with sobs. “You'd better leave Holly.” He said tightly.
Holly had never felt such pain. She wanted to explain then everything would be okay again. Wouldn’t it?
But Jo wouldn't listen not in that state so Holly reluctantly left.
The cool night air hit her like a slap to the face. She had just lost everything. “Holly, wait up.” Dominic followed her outside. She glared at him anger etched in her face. “Why did you tell her?” She demanded. “I had to Holly. She wanted us to....” He trailed off but Holly wasn't going to be put off so easily.
“To what Dominic?” She screamed at him.
“Would you rather I tell her that you're the one I think about every second of every day. That I daydream about us being together, that you're the one I want, after I'd slept with her. Or before?”
Holly was stunned into silence. She stood there looking at him, his dark eyes bright and clear  with conviction, like he had meant every word he had just said. His blood red lips, looked so inviting. Before she could stop herself, she threw her body into his arms. 
§
The unexpected kiss shook Dominic to his very core.
This kiss felt different from the one they had shared a few days ago.
This time she had instigated it. 
She had the control.
Dominic was a slave to her body. She pressed her lips onto his so hard that he tasted blood. The copper, metallic taste swirled around his mouth. He held back a groan of pleasure, but only just. His hands wanted to explore her body. His pelvis wanted to find hers. But he fought back the urge and pushed her away. 
“God...Dominic..I'm so sorry.” Holly said to him in horror. He turned away from her. Not wanting  her to see him this out of control. His desire reaching heights unparalleled to any felt before. He wanted her right now...badly. His whole body was shaking with need. Part of him  wanted to take her right there on the, wet, chopped up lawn outside Jo's house. He willed his mind to regain control of his heart. He shut his eyes and breathed.
When he opened them again, there was no sign of Holly.
§
Caleb was perched on the clock tower.
This was the highest point in town. Here he felt closer to his home.
He never should have gone to that party. He wasn't a teenager. What had he been thinking of? He was a solider with a job to do.
He had nearly killed her.
If Dominic hadn't been there....
Caleb would never have thought that he would feel gratitude towards a demon. 
Especially Dominic.
But he owed Dominic now. If he hadn't been there to help Caleb....Caleb didn't like to think of the consequences. 
Things were clear as crystal to him now. Up here, far away from the mortal realm, Like Heaven itself was showing him his path. He had to keep his distance from Holly. It killed him to think it. But that's what was best for her. His glory shined brightest when she touched him. He couldn't stop it. He just felt so blissfully happy when her lips touched his. His love for her burned so bright that the whole room could feel it. Next time Dominic might not be there to save her.
It was harsh reality. But Caleb had to watch from afar. Only intruding on her life when absolutely necessarily.  
And under no circumstances could their lips ever meet again.
A pain slashed through his soul. His huge, white, unfurled wings felt like hot pokers were being stabbed into them. He flinched violently.
Holly was in pain.
§
Holly collapsed on her bed and cried.
She cried like she had never cried before. She could have filled a river with her tears. What had she been thinking? Kissing Dominic like that. She had offended him, she knew by the way he pushed her away and wouldn't look at her. She had managed to offend everyone she cared about tonight.
Jo hated her because she had kissed Dominic.
Ricky hated her because she had hurt Jo.
Caleb just didn't want to be with her, and Dominic was just...confusing. 
One minute he was spilling his guts explaining how much he felt for her, then the next he was pushing her away.
Holly just didn't understand any of it. 
How had it gotten so out of control. In one single night Holly found herself all alone.
Her heart ached. Her eyes stung, and she just wanted to curl up in a ball and die.
Something hit her window.
It made a light, scratching sound against the glass. She bolted upright, staring at it. Then a few seconds later another pebble hit her window.
She got up and walked slowly towards it, she looked down to see Dominic's face grinning up at her. She watched him climb the trellis that her father had put up against the back of the house. 
He made it look easy. 
His muscles bulged under his black, tight sweater. 
Holly flung her window open and Dominic bounded forward. Hitting the floor with a thump. “Shh!” She whispered at him, helping him to his feet. 
They stared at each other in the darkness of Holly's bedroom. Listening for any sign that her parents had heard him.
“What are you doing here?” She said after a few minutes. 
“I couldn't leave things the way that we did.” Dominic said softly. 
Holly sat on the bed. “I'm really sorry for kissing you like that. I don't know what came over me.”
Dominic joined her. “You don't need to apologize. I was just taken by surprise is all.” He put a hand on hers. She looked into his eyes. She felt that familiar pull towards him. 
“Dominic...”
He kissed her softly. His hand ran through her hair.
It felt so comforting to be in his arms. She was in serious need of some company right now. 
She grabbed the front of his sweater pulling him closer, intensifying the kiss. Dominic lowered her down towards the bed. He kissed her neck, her jawline.
 Holly's back arched off the bed in ecstasy. She felt all her pain, all her guilt wash from her, till the only thing she felt was Dominic's body against hers.
His hand slid down her body, fondling her gently. His mouth found hers again and their tongues met. 
Dominic slipped his hand underneath her dress hem. His fingers swept over her panties and gently started to rub in between her legs.
Their breathing was shallow. Coming in short gasps. 
Holly felt so close to him. She stared into his dark eyes, unable to read his expression in the dark. 
A wave of pleasure rolled over her and she closed her eyes.
§
Dominic was on fire.
His heart was pounding through his chest so loudly, that Holly surely could hear it. A surge of flames shot through his body. Igniting his blood. He tingled everywhere. He moved her panties  to one side with his hand and felt a wave of excitement as his bear fingers touched her. 
Underneath him Holly muffled a moan, pressing her head into a pillow.  He gently slid a finger inside. Her hand grabbed a fistful of duvet. Unable to contain his emotions any longer  Dominic started to slide her panties down over her milky, white thighs. Holly grabbed his hand and whispered to him, “don't.”
He stopped. Should he listen? He was so close to obtaining his goal. She wouldn't be able to stop him. He knew that a part of her wouldn't want to. So why was his fingers wrapping around hers? Forgetting their previous action.
She was ready for the taking. He should do it now! His plan had come to fruition. So why couldn't he reap the rewards. 
He didn't want to hurt her. That was why.
He wanted to make her happy. He wanted to love her.
Dominic exhaled heavily. How the hell had he let this happen?
His skin tingled when she trailed kisses up his neck. He looked down at her. Her eyes pleaded with him silently. So beautiful. Dominic couldn't be selfish with her. Not any-more. He wanted her pleasure more than his own. 
He kissed her, his lips alight with desire.
Holly clung to him, her hands ruffled his hair, scratched his back, and touched every bit of him, underneath his clothes.
His expert touch slowly brought her to a climax. 
Dominic kissed her again, to stifle her scream of ecstasy when she peaked.

 
“Wow,” she whispered softly. He saw serenity appear on her radiant face.
“First time?” Dominic asked her knowing full well the answer would be yes. Holly nodded her head. He smiled, you never forgot you're first. 
“Every thing's different now.” Holly said to him. 
They lay on her bed. Dominic's arms were cradled around her, he couldn't let go. Her head was resting against his chest.
“What do you mean?”
“It's just I don't know what's happening to me. I hardly recognize myself in the mirror these days.” Her voice was low and filled with uncertainty. “We should never have done this.”
“Let me guess, because of Jo?”
She nodded.
“Holly, I hate to break this to you. But there is no me and Jo. I never kissed her, or told her anything to suggest that I was into her. I'm not her property.”
“I know. But still...”
“There is no but Holly.” He kissed her head. “I should go, it's getting late or early whichever way you look at it.”
Holly looked at her bedside clock: 4.34 am. Where had the time gone?
He unwrapped himself from Holly and moved to the window. “Holly I....”
But Holly was already asleep.















Chapter Five

§

Redemption

Holly yawned. The heat of the early morning sun warmed her face. She felt refreshed. For the first night in months Holly hadn't had a nightmare.
She tossed the red, warm blanket aside. Where had that come from? It usually lay over the foot of her bed.  Then she remembered the night before.
Her body flushed with the memory of Dominic's touch. 
She showered, changed out of the black dress that belonged to Jo. Then went downstairs for breakfast. 
Her mother was sitting at the kitchen table, focused on a book that lay open in front her. When she heard Holly enter she looked up with a smile. “Hello Honey. Take it you had a good night?” Holly looked at her unsure of what her mother meant. Margaret Adams head nodded towards the clock on the kitchen wall. It was half past eleven!
“Oh.” Holly said in surprise. Her mother chuckled. “So what are you doing with yourself today?”
Holly popped some toast into the toaster. She had no idea. She desperately wanted to sort things out with Jo. But feared that Jo wouldn't even open the door to her never mind listen.
“Hanging out with Jo.” Holly lied.
“Well, me and your father have to go to into Green-fields this afternoon. So we might not be back till this evening.”
Holly nodded. Her toast popped up. Her mother walked to her and kissed her on the forehead. “I'm glad you enjoyed yourself at Jo's party.” Holly tried not to grimace at the mention of the party. Her mother didn't seem to notice. She walked out the kitchen humming.
After breakfast Holly made the nervous journey to Jo's house. She didn't even think about what she was going to say. What could she say? Mostly she just wanted to check that Jo was okay. 
When Holly was a few doors away from Jo's. She heard screaming. Holly ran the last few yards until Jo's lawn came into view.
Holly's heart thundered.
Jo was playing water balloon fights with Ricky and....was that Caleb? 
Holly only saw the back of him. But she would recognize him anywhere. He's T-shirt was soaked with water. As she watched he threw a water filled balloon at Jo. Water cascaded down her front. She giggled and chased after him.
 A balloon hit his chest.
 Jo's hands were on him, tickling him. Holly didn't like the way Jo eyes were gazing up at him in wonder. 
As if sensing her, Caleb turned her way. He froze at the sight of her. Behind him Holly saw Jo smirk. Ricky just looked awkward.
Holly had seen enough. She turned around and stomped away.
“Holly!” Caleb's voice chased her. He put a hand on her arm.
She spun around, her face full of resentment. “Caleb. This was the last place I would of expected to find you.”
“Jo called me. She asked me to come over...”
Holly walked away. Biting back her fury.
 “She said that she was worried about you, and needed to talk to someone about it. That you'd been acting strange.” Caleb said. Following behind her.
Holly stopped. It was time to clear the air. Involving Caleb in her plot to get back at Holly scraped the barrel. 
Holly flew past him. Leaving him standing there, looking at her in confusion.
“Jo!” She yelled.
Jo was leaning against her yard's fence. She had been listening to every word.
“You're a child! You know that. Dragging Caleb into it. What, I kiss Dominic so now you have to kiss him to get back at me. Is that it?”
“Exactly right.” Jo smirked.
“We're not even together!” Holly saw Caleb walking back to them. 
“Is that what you called me here for?” He asked Jo.
Jo fidgeted under his gaze. 
“You kissed Dominic?” Caleb turned on Holly before Jo could answer.
“Don't you start.” Holly tossed back at him. “You don't get to play the jealously card. You walked out on me last night remember? Apparently that's what you're good at!”
Holly turned back to Jo. Leaving Caleb stunned.
“Yes Jo I made a mistake. But it's not like you and him were together. But yes I'm sorry. And I would do almost anything to make it up to you. But leaving Dominic alone is just not going to happen. I like him and he likes me so...there.” Holly tossed Jo's dress in her arms.
As she walked away she could feel their eyes following her. 
She felt strangely free. All the pain and guilt had gone. She felt a desperate longing to see Dominic.
“Holly wait.” Caleb's voice made her stop.
“What is it now?” Holly said, waiting for him to catch up.
He looked....hurt. Desperate.
“Holly it....killed me to leave you last night. But I had to. I don't know what Dominic told you...”
“He told me all about you. How you toss girls aside like they're nothing” Holly rounded on him. Her anger rising.
He snorted. “He's confusing me with himself Holly.” He breathed out slowly. There was something in his face that caused doubt to nag at her insides. Was he telling her the truth?
“Caleb, you never even said Goodbye. You just bailed.” 
He took her hands in his and looked into her eyes so intensely that her legs threatened to buckle.
“And I regret it. But trust me when I say that I didn't have a choice. Holly kissing you...made me feel closer to heaven then I ever thought possible.”
Holly felt the anger towards him die. How could she be mad at him, when he took her breath away with just words. 
She also knew that he was keeping something from her. Dominic too. 
“How do you know Dominic?” She asked him firmly. Caleb still hadn't let go of her hands. He held them in his palms. 
“Holly I told you before...”
“No you didn't. You fobbed me off, and at the time I didn't press it cause I only just met you.
But don't you think that it's a bit weird, that both of you just happened to move here at the same time. That you seem to know and hate each other vehemently, even though he lived in New York and you California? Something's going on Caleb and I want to know what!”
Caleb looked down at his shoes rather then look at her. Her hands fell to her sides when he released them. “Holly I can't tell you.” She barely heard him, his voice was so low.
She smiled at him sadly. “You two have done nothing but turn my world upside down. I wish that you had never came here. And most of all I wish that...I didn't feel the way I do about you.” Her voice broke. Holly turned and sped down the street. Her heart breaking with every step.
§
Dominic flew through the air like a feather on the wind.
He landed heavily on a pile of rubbish a fair, few feet away. He rubbed his hands together to get rid of the mushy mess he'd just landed in.
 “Ugh.” He said. Then looked up. Caleb towered over him. 
“Really? You want to do this here?” Dominic asked him lightly. Gesturing at the alley they were in. That extended off Main street, just a few feet away busy shoppers passed by.
“To think that I actually felt grateful to you.” Caleb said. Carrying on like Dominic had never spoke. 
“Well I did save Holly from a fiery death.” Dominic remarked, as he got to his feet.
“You just wanted me out the way! So you could pursue her.”
“Duh!” 
Caleb flung him against the alley wall. Squeezing his throat. Dominic kicked him in his unmentionables. 
Caleb doubled over in pain.
“Now since you're down there. Listen.” Dominic told him. “I said I would protect her, and that's what I did. I never promised anything else.”
Caleb sank against the wall, the pain was excruciating. 
“You kissed her?” He asked feeling it subside a little.
Dominic smirked. “I did a lot more than that.”
Caleb forgot about the throbbing sensation and looked at Dominic sharply. “Meaning?”
Dominic shrugged his shoulders. “A gentleman never tells.”
“It's a good thing you're not a gentleman then. You didn't have...” Caleb trailed off. He couldn't bear to say the word. The thought of Dominic touching Holly, his Holly, was bad enough. A shiver ran through him.
Dominic's smirk froze on his face, turning into a frown. “I could of.” He said to himself. “I could have brought all this,” He swung his arms upwards. “To an end. It would have been so easy...”
Caleb felt the need to throttle him get overwhelmed by something else. Curiosity.
“Then why didn't you?” He asked through clenched teeth.
“It's impossible...” Dominic looked into Caleb's eyes. And instinctively Caleb knew the reason why Dominic hadn't forced it with Holly. Why the world was still spinning on it's axis. He recognised the agonised, baffled look in Dominic's dark eyes. Caleb realized that his eyes weren’t as dark any-more. A light swirled around the pupils. Dying the darkness into soft brown.
Hell's prince had fell in love.
It was impossible for Caleb to believe. But the proof was undeniable. Dominic sat down opposite him. They stared at each other, trying to read the other's mind.
Both utterly terrified of what this revelation meant.
§
Holly opened the French doors and stepped out into the night.
Before she closed them again, her mother's voice drifted out.
“Rebellious, does not have three L's Jeff.”
Saturday night was always family game night at the Stevenson's household. Holly loved board games but tonight not even scrabble could lift her mood. 
All day she had been trying to take her mind off Caleb and Dominic. Trying to forget how sensationally good Dominic had made her body feel in his hands last night. That had been a big thing for Holly. Letting him touch her so intimately. But she had been so swept up in him that at the time it had seemed natural. 
Now she just felt stupid. He had lied to her. She had thought that she meant something to him, but in reality she was just another notch in his belt. Why was he tormenting her like this. Why couldn't they both just leave her alone. Leave her to carry on with life the way it was before. 
It was obvious that neither of them cared about her. So why couldn't she break away from there embrace? 
“Holly.”
Her head snapped up.
Dominic was standing before her looking devilishly hot. 
“What do you want?” She asked tiredly. She was fed up of all their games.
“I wanted to see you.” He said taking her in. She loved the way he did that. His eyes focusing on every inch of like he hadn't seen her before.
“Now you have. Leave.” She flung at him.
Dominic sighed and shook his head. “I'll go. But only if you give me five minutes.”
She settled herself on the last stone step, that led down to the grass, and waited for Dominic to join her.
They stared across the backyard in silence.
Holly looked down at her watch. “Four minutes.” She said to him.
Dominic put a hand over the watches face. “Holly,” He let out a deep breath. He seemed nervous. Dominic never got nervous. He always so sure of himself. “I'm about to bare my soul to you, that's a little hard to do with you timing me.”
“Then don't. There's nothing you can say that I can trust anyway.” Holly replied.
“Okay, I deserved that.”
“Why'd you lie to me about Caleb?”
Dominic got to his feet. He paced the grass in front of her furiously. “Because that's what I do. Holly, I'm selfish, cold. Some would even say evil. I've never cared about anything or anyone but myself. I use women like toys. I get what I want then I discard them. It's the way I am.”
Holly stared at him intently. Wondering where this was leading.
“And I like the way I am. It's never bothered me how many hearts I've broken. How many lives I've...ended. Not until I met you.”
Holly laughed. “You expect me to believe that?”
“No. I don't. But it's the truth. I know that I've caused you grief. You lost you're best friend over me. And I'm truly sorry.”
A brick in Holly's wall of defence crumbled. He looked so...lost.
“Holly. I care about you. God help me... but I do.”
She felt tears wet her eyes. She took a big gulp of cool, evening air into her lungs. She got to her feet. “Since we're being honest with each other....I care about you too...”
He flashed her a smile.
“But I care about Caleb too.” She quickly added.
“Let me guess, it's his heavenly charm that turns you on.” He said mockingly. 
Holly's face was deadly serious. “Nothing turns me on as badly as you do.”
Dominic looked at her, stunned into silence.
“But this...It's all a mess.” She continued in frustration.
“It doesn't have to be.” He said quietly. He walked towards her. Holly's heart quickened. He cradled her face in his strong hands. “We could be....” She pulled away, “don't say it.” She pleaded. 
“Dominic I need to work out how I feel about you, about...”
“Him?” Dominic asked her.
She nodded. “It wouldn't be fair otherwise.”
She saw his face darken. He looked down at the grass, his hair hiding his expression from her. When he finally looked up again. The darkness had gone.
 “I won't wait forever Holly.” He whispered then walked away, he vanished through the gate. Leaving Holly rooted to the spot staring after him.
§
The coming months passed Holly by, like a dream.
Instead of thinking about her intense and complicated love life, she focused on school.
She'd already sent off applications to colleges around the Northern and Southern states. At the bidding of her mother.
Holly hadn't seen much of Dominic, Caleb or Jo. They all seemed to be keeping out her way.
As her social life was reaching the critical list, her grades were gradually building up to perfect.
So it should be after all the studying Holly did. It was all she did now. At least it got the principle off her back. After her altercation with Heather Mr Woodborough had been keeping a very close eye on her.
A dark haired boy interrupted Holly's self pity. She had glanced around the nearly empty school yard. Hoping to see Jo or Caleb walking toward her. But instead her eyes focused on the boy. As soon she did he vanished inside the school building. She could have sworn that he'd been following her for a week now. Always there when she turned. It was getting creepy.
Inside she heard the bell go, announcing the end of lunch. Holly picked up her bag and went to class. 
Sitting in the back row. Holly felt miserable. In front of her Jo and Ricky were sending each other notes, while Miss Mills wrote on the blackboard. Jo used to send notes to her. The thought struck her like a bullet to the head. She squeezed her eyes shut and faced her desk. Dominic was slumped in his chair across the room, his-devil-may-care-grin etched on his face as he  whispered over his shoulder to Heather. 
Holly signed heavily. Wanting to feel his arms around her more than anything. Since that night in the backyard, Dominic had seemed to have lost interest in her. He would say the occasional hello when they crossed in the corridor. But it wasn't anything compared to the way he used to talk to her. And Caleb had vanished off the face of the planet. Holly had even tried waiting at the gym for him. But he never showed up.
When the bell finally sounded. Holly rushed past them all. Her head down. She turned a corner and banged head first into her stalker boy. 
She stumbled back but his hand shot around her wrist roughly. 
“Sorry.” Holly muttered. His hold tightened. “Hey! Let go of me!” She said louder, panicking.
There was something unsettling about his eyes. They were cold, angry. His face looked anything but kind.
“Hey! What are you doing. Holly?”
The boy hesitated at Jo's sudden appearance. “Is this guy bothering you?”
Holly stared at her gob-smacked. 
Jo hit the boy in the chest with a book. “Get away from her Pervert!”
The boy looked around fearfully. When he saw the stares Jo's words were attracting. He let go of Holly and flew from sight.
“Who the hell was that creep?” Jo asked her.
Holly flung her arms around her.
“Hey! Don't crease the top.” Jo said amused.
“Does this mean you've forgiven me?” Holly asked tears forming.
Jo started to walk. 
“Well, I've been doing some thinking. And maybe I was a little rash. It's not like Dominic was my boyfriend or anything. But it doesn't mean that I'm okay with you two. Let's  just get that out in  the open.” She turned to Holly. “This could be our last year together for all we know. I don't want to spend it being mad at you.”
Holly was walking on cloud nine. “Thank you.” She whispered.
Jo shrugged. “It's okay. I know I'm the coolest best friend ever.”
They smiled as the walked out into the open.
Jo's smile vanished slowly. Her frightened face was trained on something behind Holly. But before Holly could turn she was pushed to the ground roughly. She held out her hands to break her fall, she landed on the concrete stomach first. The air rushed out of her chest. 
Holly heard the whack of Jo's head bounding off the trunk of an Oak. Holly watched Jo fall to her knees, her eyes glazed over. 
“Jo!” Holly yelled. Forgetting the stinging pain that shot through her chest every-time she moved, Holly dragged herself up on her knees and crawled over to where Jo now lay, crumpled on the ground. 
Suddenly a rough hand grabbed Holly by her hair yanking her on her feet, then off them again as her attacker pulled her backwards, dragging her by the hair across the campus. She tried to put her hands out to ease the pressure on her scalp, but the rough terrain cut slashes into her delicate skin. Holly felt her hair  rip from her scalp. She cried out in pain. 
“Hell Whore!” a soft voice shouted at her. The sweet tone of his voice at odds with the nasty words he threw at her.
Holly's fellow students looked on in amazement, shocked into silence and scared at the sudden burst of violence. No one rushed to help her as she struggled with the boy's grip. He was far more stronger than her and Holly couldn't break his hold.
Holly's attacker was nearing the main road in front of the school.
Holly felt the grip of her attacker loosen. Then it was gone completely. Holly turned around to see her stalker boy's head bounce off a nearby car bonnet. Clumps of her hair dangled from his closed fist.
Caleb!
 Caleb looked back at her, his face full of rage but his eyes had an almost apologetic look to them.
 “Dominic get her out of here!”
Holly felt strong arms around her waist helping her to her feet. 
Dominic. 
Jo stood next to him, her face was terribly pale. Blood flowed freely down her face. 
“Jo, are you okay?” Holly asked.
“Holly take my hand,” Dominic instructed her. He extended his right hand to her, while his left arm was wrapped around Jo. Keeping her up.
When she faltered he grabbed her hand and yanked on it hard, pulling Holly to him. forcing her to concentrate on him. She winced. Her head felt like it had been dragged through barbed wire. “Holly. I need you to focus okay,” Dominic told her firmly but gently. “We need to leave. Now.”
Holly nodded numbly. Everything was happening so fast.
Dominic scooped up Jo's small body in his arms then he hurried away from the school. He kept looking back at Holly to check that she was still behind him.
 When they entered the park Dominic finally slowed.
Holly's was gasping for breath.
 He looked at Jo with concern. She did not look good. Her face was white, making the red blood running down her face, stand out even more. Her eyes were wide open but they had a  dazed look to them. She hadn't said a word since they had been attacked. 
“We need to get her to Dr Windsor.” Holly said between breaths. Her whole body shaking.
Dominic looked at her then back at Jo, trying to decide what he should do. “I'll take care of it. But Holly you have to stay here.”
“What? I'm going with Jo.”
Dominic closed his eyes for a second, trying to keep his patience. 
“Holly. They weren’t after Jo. They want you. She just got in the way. You're safe here. The trees will hide you from their sights, at least until Caleb can get to you. But I can't wait for him Jo needs help now.”
“Me? Why would any one be after...”
“Holly. I can't explain now. Just trust me, please?”
Holly felt her stomach lurch. The world was spinning. She was going to be sick. What the hell was Dominic saying?
The dark canopy that the trees created overhead, blocked out the fading sunlight, making Holly shiver with cold. Jo needed help and the longer she argued with Dominic...
“Just go.” She said quietly. Struggling to keep upright.
Dominic didn't hang around. He nodded. Then moved through the trees faster than Holly had ever seen a person go. He was out of sight in a few minutes.
Alone. Everything seemed darker, scarier than it had just a minute ago. Holly's hands stung where the rough ground had sliced them open. Blood pooled at her fingertips then dripped on the ground beside her. Why the hell was she still standing around here for? Home that's where she should be. In the safe arms of her mother. 
She felt a sharp, gust of wind against her back. It tossed her hair into her face, making her raw scalp throb. 
“Holly?” Caleb's gentle voice called her name.
Holly turned to him. How had he gotten so close without her hearing his footsteps? 
His face was full of concern. His eyes ran over her body quickly, then stopped on the bloodied  ground. 
She heard his breath catch.
He dashed over and swept her up in his embrace. Holly leaned into him. She felt sheltered in his arms. “Are you okay?” He asked her gently.
She nodded not wanting to speak in case her voice betrayed her. She was far from okay. If Caleb hadn't stopped the boy, what might he have done to her, to Jo?
Caleb inspected her hands. Then pulled out a cloth, embroidered handkerchief from his  jacket pocket, and pressed it against her more damaged right hand. Red bled through it in seconds. 
“Holly, I am so sorry.” He said. 
She looked up at him. “Why? You saved me.”
He stepped away from her. Shame shining in his dull eyes. “I should have been quicker...I just never thought they would try anything in such a public place....”
Holly felt the cold seep into her bones. “Who's they? You knew him?”
He looked at her. “Yes.”
She swallowed hard and backed away from him. Caleb knew her attacker, he had admitted that he had known what the boy was here for. For the first time since she had met him, Holly was scared of Caleb.
“I think I should get home now...” She stammered.
He made no attempt to block her path. “Holly you can't go home...at least not tonight.”
“Why not?” Her voice sounded braver than she felt. 
“Because they'll be waiting for you.”
His flat voice made her stop. “What?” She whispered horrified. “There's more than the boy?”
Caleb crossed the gap between them that she had created. “Yes. We have to leave. I have to get you some place safe.” He looked around the park.
“Where is Dominic?”
Holly's mind was hurtling. Struggling to catch up with Caleb's words. She looked at him blankly. “Jo was hurt badly...Dominic took her....” Her eyes flashed. “Caleb! My parents!” 
She ran over the grass, she needed to get home. If they're was more of them, and they were watching her house, her parents were in danger.
Caleb grabbed her shoulders and swung her around, she found herself buried into his dark jacket. 
“What are you doing! I have to get home!” Holly struggled to free herself from his embrace.
“You're parents are not in any danger.” Caleb said soothingly.  “They are after you.”
Why did people keep saying that? First Dominic now Caleb. Holly broke down. Her head hurt, her chest felt heavy and her hands stung. She was tired and in shock. The tears rolled down her cheeks. Her legs buckled. “I can't breathe.” She gasped. 
The ground come up to meet her. Her vision blackened.  
§
Caleb stood there.
In the middle of Cherry Falls park. Holly's body slumped against him. Her head lay on his chest. His hands gripped her waist keeping her unconscious body upright.
“Can't leave you two alone for a minute, can I?” Dominic joked. He was propped up against a tall, nearby tree. 
“Jo?” Caleb asked him.
Dominic cocked his head. “Will live. A mild concussion. She's travelling by ambulance to Green-fields General as we speak.”
Caleb let out a heavy breath. “Good. Everything arranged?” 
“Yeah. You should have seen the look on Mr Woodborough's face when I showed up. I thought his heart was going to give out. He wouldn't have believed a word I'd said if I hadn't had Jo with me.”
“Quit wasting precious time. We need to leave.” Caleb scooped Holly up into his arms. 
Dominic held her hand and in a blink, the three disappeared in the early evening dusk.













Chapter Six

§

Be Careful What You Wish For

Holly awoke in blackness.
At first she thought that she was still dreaming. But then she heard the whoosh of the ocean. And the fresh salty sea air drafted through an open window.
The darkness peeled back from her vision, like a curtain.
A single lantern hung from the rafters, spreading light into the little room. 
Holly looked around. She was lying on a small pull out cot. The wooden walls of the room shined dully, their was a small chair beside the cot, and a chest of drawers. That was the all furniture the room contained.
Holly tugged off the sweat soaked covers and placed her bare feet onto the cold wooden floor.
Where were her shoes? Where was she?
She had had the nightmare again. But this time it had seemed more life like. 
She looked down and found that she was still dressed in her blue jeans and white sweater, that she had worn for school that very morning. 
Her hands hand been tended. Wrapped up in thin bandages. 
Her head ached less. She stood up slowly and peered out of the little window.  She could see the blue of the ocean. But little else. It was pitch black. No street lights.
She found her black boots resting at the foot of the chair, she slipped them on.
When Holly steeped out of the room she found herself in a narrow, dark hallway that led to another door. She hurried towards it stumbling around in the half darkness. When she reached the door, she pressed her ear against it but heard nothing.
She opened it slowly.
And found herself in a large rounded room. It was finished in wood like everything else. In front of her a log fire burned, it threw out heat and light, Holly felt drawn to it like a moth to a flame. She was so cold. Before she could reach it a door to her right opened. A cold gust of air swept through the cabin making the fire crackle and spit. 
Holly glared at Dominic who stamped his feet to drive out the cold, he shut the door behind him.
“You're awake.” He smiled at her.
“Dominic? Where am I?” She asked him.
“Scotland my lil' lassie.” Dominic informed her. Putting on a Scottish accent. Which he executed perfectly. 
“Scotland? England?” She asked him, puzzled.
He nodded his head, crossing over to the fire and dropping a pile of logs, that he was carrying on the floor.
She let out a half mad laugh. “What's going on?”
Dominic was studying her. “It's probably best, if we wait for Caleb to come back. He's better at...explaining things than I am.”
Holly's heart leapt at Dominic's mention of Caleb. Even though she felt like she was going crazy.
“Caleb! Where is he?”
Dominic hesitated. “He's...taking a wander.” He passed her and vanished into the dark, that the light of the fire couldn't chase away. He re-emerged with a glass bottle of light brown liquid and two glass tumblers. He settled himself down on the floor next to the fire and patted the spot next to him. Holly perplexed by her situation joined him like a zombie, her mind was numb and her movements awkward. 
Dominic filled the two tumblers a third of the way up, and handed one to Holly. 
“Drink, it'll help drive out the cold.” 
Holly watched as Dominic downed the entire contents of his glass in one gulp.
“What it is?” Holly asked him, examining the liquid.
“Whiskey, Scotland's finest.”
“What the hell,” Holly followed Dominic's example. The liquid burned her throat and warmed her belly. She coughed. 
The door swung open again, “The coast seems....” Caleb appeared. He trailed off when he saw Holly.
“You're up.” Caleb said to her with surprise.
Dominic re-filled the tumblers. He passed one to Holly and she downed it again. She had never touched a drop of alcohol in her life. But she found the brown liquid quite pleasant.
“Dominic!” Caleb said sternly.
“What?” Dominic shrugged at him. “After what she's been through, I think she deserves it.”
Holly slammed the empty glass onto the floor. Causing them both to look at her in alarm. They seemed on edge.
 The whiskey made Holly feel less shaky. “Would someone like to tell me what the hell is happening? Why am I in...” Holly looked around the room, trying to pluck the forgotten word out the air.
“Scotland.” Dominic said.
“Right.” Holly pointed a finger at him. “Caleb what the hell am I doing in Scotland?” 
Caleb and Dominic shared a look.
“Okay...” Caleb joined them on the floor. Inches from her.
“We brought you here so they couldn't find you.” He said slowly.
“Who?”
“Angels.” Dominic said simply. He downed another shot of Whiskey, unfurled his legs, stretching out. He looked quite comfortable.
Holly stared at him, then at Caleb, who looked annoyed. 
“Angels.” Holly repeated. “What is that like a name of a gang or something. Are you two gang-bangers?”
Dominic laughed. “You could say that.” He giggled. 
“Dom! You're not helping!” Caleb told him sternly. 
Dominic made a zipping motion across his lips with his fingers. 
“Holly.” Caleb took her hands in his gently, so he didn't aggravate the cuts underneath the bandages. Out the corner of her eye she saw Dominic stare at their joined hands. His smile died. 
“You are in the middle of a war that has been raging since time began. And you're the only one who can decide how it ends.” Caleb said. His eyes trained on hers.
“What? What war?” He was making her head hurt.
“The war between Heaven and Hell.” Dominic said quietly, his eyes staring into the fire. Flames danced in his glassy gaze. 
The room was eerily quiet. 
“I don't understand...” Holly finally said.
“Angels, Demons and everything in between are real Holly Adams.” Dominic said, turning to her. She looked at him, and knew he was being serious. There was no cockiness, or teasing in his eyes. 
“So...what does that have to do with me?” Her voice trembled. She didn't know why, but this all sort of made sense to her.
“You are the reason we fight...” Caleb told her gently.
“Me? But I'm just...” Holly froze. “Wait a minute did you just say we?” Holly got a sinking feeling in her stomach. “Caleb...what are you?”
He smiled at her. His gaze never left her. “I am An Angel of the Lord.”
“An Angel...” Holly repeated. Disbelievingly.
“Not just that though.” Dominic broke in. Holly heard a bitterness underneath his voice. “He's a guardian Angel.”
Caleb glared at him.
Holly pulled her hands away, getting to her feet, her breathing quickened. Caleb wasn't a... He couldn't be. They were on drugs or something.
Caleb got to his feet when he saw Holly wobble, his arms steadied her. Below them Holly heard glass clink against glass, as Dominic poured himself another Whiskey. 
Holly pictured the first time she had met Caleb, in her mind. The way he had seemed to appear from no where. The sudden brightness....She remembered the feeling that Caleb had been oddly familiar even though she had meet him before. The way he had slotted himself into her life over a few days, evoking the feeling in her that she couldn't do without him. He made her feel so safe, protected. And the way he looked, the grace in which he moved with, Holly realized the truth had been staring her in the face. Caleb wasn't lying.
She faced him, her face white with shock as realization hit her like a freight train, her eyes filling with tears of pure awe. “You're my...Guardian Angel...”
Caleb closed his eyes, when he opened them his blue eyes shined so exuberantly that Holly had to shield her face. In fact a blue aura seemed to raise from his whole body. Instantly chasing away the dark that clung to the cabin like a cloak.
He looked heartbreakingly beautiful. She remembered Caleb saying the very same words to her at Jo's party. 
“I have watched over you since the moment you were brought into this world. And I have loved you every second of it.”
Holly felt weak. Caleb loved her? 
“You are the most...perfect...sweetest, kindest soul I have ever seen.” His cheeks were wet.
Holly felt something touch her heart so suddenly and so deeply that she knew, right there, in that instant, that she loved Caleb with every fibre of her being. 
They were two sides of the same coin. Caleb completed her. Made her whole. He was her one.
“Caleb...” Holly moved towards him. But a cough made her stop. They both looked down in surprise.
“Can we get on with it. We don't have all night.” Dominic told them. Without taking his eyes from the flames in the fireplace.
Caleb's aura dulled and he grimaced at her. As if it was the last thing he wanted to do, but slowly he moved away. 
Holly felt the warmness that swept through her body go with him. 
“Dominic's right.” Caleb said stiffly. “You have so much to learn.”
He regained his sitting position and motioned for Holly to do the same. She gladly accepted her legs threatened to give out at any moment. 
 “If Caleb's an...Angel.” Holly's mouth had trouble saying it. Even the word made her heart beat faster. “Then are you one too?” She asked Dominic. 
He kept his gaze on the flames. “No. I'm something...else.” He said slowly. 
“Holly,” Caleb said. “Before when I said that you're the reason we fought, I think you should know why you're so...important.”
Holly nodded her head. Amidst all this she felt so blissfully happy. Caleb loved her. And she loved him. Nothing else mattered.
“You're the key.” Dominic said suddenly. He turned his body so that he was facing Holly. “The key to Lucifer's redemption.”
“Lucifer....” Holly mumbled staring at Dominic like he'd grown two heads.
“How much biblical lore do you know Holly?” Caleb asked her.
Holly shrugged. The temperature in the room had seemingly dropped suddenly. She felt ice cold. Even the flames of the fire had lost their warmth. Caleb and Dominic didn't seem to notice.
“I guess as much as anyone else.” She said, wrapping her arms around her. “I know that Lucifer rebelled against God, when he told the Angels to love mortals more than him, or something like that anyway.”
Caleb nodded, “the thing is, when Michael defeated and cast Lucifer out of Heaven. Lucifer didn't automatically land in Hell. You see Holly, there are doors separating the different realms. They seal Heaven away from earth and earth away from...”
“Hell.” Holly finished. Trying to grasp everything Caleb was saying. 
“Yes. Stopping the different realms from merging. Keeping things in their rightful places.” He smiled at her, pride glowing in his eyes.
“But these doors are tricky little buggers.” Dominic carried on the narrative. “They can only be opened by their world’s natural inhabitants.” 
“What?” Holly asked. “You've lost me.”
“Angels can only open Heaven's door, and mortals can only open earth's and so on. That was what we all agreed on. A balance must be maintained after all.” Caleb said. “If any Tom, Dick or Harry went willing around opening doors as they pleased, the realms would bleed into each other. Throwing everything out of balance. Without barriers, chaos would ensue.”
“But if any Angel, or mortal or whatever could open their world's door...” Holly said.
“That's just it Holly.” Dominic pipped in. “Not everyone can. Only the most powerful-est of any one nation can actually see them never mind open them.”
“Only certain souls were blessed with the ability to open the doors between realms Holly. In fact there's only one from each world that is gifted with being able to open them.” Caleb said. “Anyway getting back to the story, the Angels needed a mortal to open earth's door ...”
“So that they could banish Lucifer to Hell. But surely God would have the power to open all doors. I mean he created them?” Holly asked. 
“Not even God has that power.” Dominic smirked. 
“God believed that no-one, mortal or otherwise, should have that much power over the universe. So he made the doors to be...God proof if you like.” Caleb continued, trying not to let Dominic wind him up.
“Oh.” Holly said. Her mind spinning  again.
“Are you okay? Is this too much at once?” Caleb asked her. 
“No...I mean yes this but carry on.” Holly said. Still unable to get over that Caleb loved her. Wanted her. An Angel was actually in love with her.
Caleb nodded.
“The Angels had to find the soul who had been charged with the guardianship of Earth's door.” Caleb continued.
“A witch.” Dominic butted in.
“Witches are real too?” Holly asked him, her mouth open.
Dominic smiled. “You have so much to see.”
“Whoa,” Holly muttered. “What else is real?”
“One revelation at time Holly. We wouldn't want you're brain to explode, would we.” Dominic teased. Holly didn't know if he was mocking her or not.
“Fine. Aren’t witches evil though?” She asked.
“Some are.” Caleb said. Flashing a warning glance in Dominic's direction. “But there is good magic too. It's very powerful, natural, it comes from Mother Nature herself.”
“But she didn't have enough juice to banish Lucifer to his prison.” Dominic said with pride.
Holly didn't know what Dominic was. He wasn't human that was for sure, no human could look that good and he wasn't an Angel. But the way he goaded Caleb and got behind Lucifer, left Holly with nothing but dread. He wasn't evil, was he? Her mind drifted back to the night in her garden. When he had finally told her the truth. He had used exactly that phrase to describe himself. But Holly couldn't, no wouldn't believe that was what Dominic was. How could she feel what she felt for him if he was.
“Holly?” Caleb's soft voice brought her back to the present. “Maybe we should take a break or something.” He said to Dominic. 
“No. I'm fine. Really, just tired.” She wasn't lying. Her body felt like it hadn't slept in days.
“We'll be quick then.” Caleb said, moving a few loose strands of hair back from her face. She glowed at his touch, familiar warmth spreading through her body. She let out a contented sigh and knew Caleb was having as hard a time as her, in keeping his hands to himself.
He pulled back after a glare from Dominic. “The witch needed help. So Heaven agreed to...”
“Give her a power boost.” Dominic interrupted again. “They succeeded in locking Lucifer away in Hell, but it cost the witch her life.”
“Dominic.” Caleb's low but dangerous voice warned. Dominic looked at Caleb. “What? I thought we agreed to tell her everything.” Holly looked at them. “Don't keep things from me. I can handle it.” Her voice assured them. But inside Holly was shaking.
“Okay.” Caleb said after a while. “The witch was the only one who could free Lucifer. It was her magic that had put him there, and only her magic can free him.”
“Then end of story.” Holly said. “She died.”
“Yes but she had children.” Dominic got to his feet. He poked at the fire with a log. “Lucifer hoped that her children would inherit their mother's power. But they didn't.” He tossed the log onto the fire then turned to Holly. His eyes were as black as coals. “Over generations the witch's power got watered down. Her offspring weren’t as strong as her. Until eventually the magic disappeared from her line altogether.”
“I'm not seeing the problem guys.”
“Heaven foresaw a time.” Caleb almost whispered. He looked down at the floor. Deep in thought. “When a child would be born. A child who would be the last descendent of the witch's line. A child who would be not just as strong as her, but more powerful than we could ever imagine. The child that could free Lucifer.” Caleb and Dominic shared a look. Then Caleb looked right at her.
 
“Holly, you're that child.”










Chapter Seven

§

The Burden

Holly sat there. 
Frozen unable to speak or move. Dominic and Caleb stared at her. She felt their eyes studying her. Readying themselves for her reaction, what ever it may be.
“You've got it wrong.” She said after a while. She shook her head, not daring to believe them. She flew to her feet. “I'm just...me. Boring, dull, me.” 
Caleb moved towards her. “Don't!” She said to him, backing away. “Your crazy! Both of you. If you think I'm going to just believe this...I have never used magic in my life...I'm not the girl you think I am...”
“Holly,” Dominic came closer to her, holding his hands in front of him, trying to compute to her that he meant no harm. “You don't come into you're powers until your eighteenth birthday.”
She glared at him.
“The nightmares you've been having, they've been trying to tell you what we just have. Trying to prepare you.” He said gaining more ground towards her. Not wanting her to bolt like a frightened rabbit. 
Holly cracked. Any hope she might have had was dashed. The things her dreams had shown her came flooding in her mind; a woman in flames. Wings that shined with heavenly splendour. Faces she didn't recognise. A beast with red glowing eyes. The world dead, wreathed in flame.
 “How do you know about them...” She sobbed. Her body caved in. She felt herself falling to the ground. Dominic caught her. “That doesn't matter now.” He whispered to her. Pulling her closer. 
“I'm scared.” She said.
“You would be stupid not to be.” Dominic told her still holding her tightly. 
His arms didn't make her feel safe and protected like Caleb's. His embrace was more intimate. More personal. A lover's. When he was like this Holly could see everything he tried so desperately to hide from her. His façade crumbled when they were this close. He's eyes betrayed him, telling Holly every single thing he was feeling. She couldn't fight the way she felt. She loved Caleb, she knew that after a day of knowing him, but just maybe...she was in love with Dominic. 
But there were things about him she still didn't know.
She pulled away from him. “Dominic what are you?”
His body tensed. He stepped away from her. It was Caleb who answered her. “Dominic is a Demon.”
The answer she had been dreading.
“You're...on Lucifer's side?” She asked him. Refusing to believe it. He picked up the half empty Whiskey bottle and instead of putting it in a glass, drank it's entire contents with a few gulps. When he looked at Holly, he's eyes were hard. “It's not like I have a choice. You pick you're friends not you're family.” 
“Dominic is Lucifer's youngest son.” Caleb told her. 
“Thank you for that Caleb.” Dominic hurtled the empty Whiskey bottle into the dying fire, the flames flared for a second then subsided. Glass littered the fireplace. 
“So you were sent here to do what exactly?” Holly asked him, trying to keep her cool. “Kidnap me!”
Dominic actually laughed at her. “I'm not here to abduct you Holly. I'm here to bring you to our side.”
“Lucifer can't risk open warfare with Heaven while he's still trapped in hell. He would lose. So he sent Dominic to you. To try and get you to go willingly.” Caleb stepped closer to her and put a hand on her shoulder. “You should get some rest.”
She shrugged him off. “So you two have just been playing with me? See who can get me to play ball.” She yelled at them. She whirled on Dominic who just stood looking at her with a blank expression. “Has anything you told me been true?”
“Actually most of it. But I know you don't believe me, yada-yada-yada. To be honest with you Holly I'm through with trying to make you believe me.” He moved towards the door. “I hope you and Mr Jug-less here are very happy together.” His words were meant to hurt but Holly knew him all too well. It amazed her just how well. He was the one that was hurting. The door slammed shut behind him.
“I should get back.” Holly turned to Caleb, who looked quite relieved that Dominic had gone. 
“My parents will kill me.”
“Holly everything's sorted. Margaret knows you're safe. We go back to Cherry Falls tomorrow.”
“But you said it's not safe. The demons...”
Caleb sighed. “They weren’t demons that attacked you Holly. Hell's forces need you alive and they prefer  unharmed. It was Angels.”
“Heaven is trying to kill me?” Holly gasped. She was running on fumes. She had had too many shocks for one night. 
“No. Heaven is protecting you. That's why I'm here. But there are a few who think it was...unwise to shelter you. If Lucifer got his hands on you...If he was freed...He will end the world Holly.”
She managed a dry laugh. “Yesterday my life was pop quiz and homework, worrying about graduation. Now it's...”
“I know it's a lot to absorb. And I would have waited, but the attack today made me realize that you're better off knowing the truth. We can plan. We can make sure that you're never alone again. It's easier now that you know. Angels are clearing Cherry Falls of any unwanted guests as we speak. It should be safe to return in the morning.”
“Oh god I've just remembered...Jo!” With all the events that happened tonight Holly had totally forgot about her friend.
“Is fine. Just a mild concussion.”
“You really do think of everything.” She murmured.
He smiled. “It's kind of my job.”
“So is that what I am to you, a job?” She asked him.
 He took her hand in his and looked into her eyes. “You're a lovely burden that I would bear for the rest of my life Holly Adams.”
She felt dizzy again. It must have shown in her face because Caleb scooped her up and carried her back to bed. She faintly remembered him kissing her on the forehead, and tucking her in before she fell into deep sleep. 
§
“Thought I might find you here.”
Dominic rolled his eyes as Caleb joined him on the beach, below the rocky cliffs where the Cabin was situated. 
“Where's Holly?” He asked quietly.
“Fast asleep in bed.” Caleb answered him. Sitting on the sand next to him. 
Dominic had managed to get another bottle of Whiskey from somewhere, he took a big gulp then offered it Caleb. He declined with a glare.
“Oh I forgot Angels don't drink.” He remarked with distaste. Caleb stared out to sea.
“We are in a whole boatload of trouble you know.” Dominic said. Caleb looked at him.
 “If your thinking what I suspect you are, then count me out. It's a one way ticket to crazy-town.” Dominic told him. 
“What else can I do? I won't let them hurt her.” Caleb said. “And I can't do it without you.” He added.
Dominic took another gulp of Whiskey. He threw the bottle into the sea and stood up a little unsteady on his legs. “Fuck it. Who wants to live forever anyway.”
§
“Rise and Shine, beautiful.”
A cheerily voice woke Holly. She yawned and stretched before opening her eyes. 
Dominic was sitting on the bed next to her, white china plates balanced in his hands. 
She stared at him in confusion before her memory came flooding back to her.
“Breakfast?” He shoved a plate of brown sausages at her. She shook her head, Holly doubted whether her stomach would keep anything down, it was still tossing like a tumble dryer at everything she had learned. 
“Haggis?” Another plate was shoved under her nose. Holly wrinkled up her nose and tossed the blankets back over her head. “That's sheep's brains you know.” Her muffled voice told him.
“Tasty though.”
Seconds later the blankets were pulled back. Cold air hit her, she groaned. “Dominic I'm not hungry.” But it was Caleb who spoke. “Holly,” his voice was soft and gently. He placed a hand on her arm, instantly making her feel warmer. “It's time to go.”
Holly stared up at him. This was how she wanted to wake up every morning. With Caleb's gorgeous face inches from hers. “I'll give you a few seconds to get ready. I'll be right outside.”
When he left Holly reluctantly dragged her uncooperative body out of bed. She pulled back on her boots, picked up her bag, that had been left dangling on the chair beside the bed. Pulled her wild, unkempt hair into a something that remotely past for a ponytail and with a deep breath opened the door.
She found Caleb and Dominic outside, deep in conversation. They broke off when they saw her. For the first time Holly took in her surroundings. Scotland was stunning. Heather of all colours grew in groups along the grassy ground. Nearby she heard a little stream trickling along to the edge of a cliff a few yards away. Beyond that was blue rolling waves. 
A strong wind had picked up sometime during the night, it swept through her, making her teeth tatter. Caleb shrugged out of his jacket and wrapped it around her shoulders. “T-thanks.” she said. He had nothing but a navy blue t-shirt on underneath yet somehow the wind didn't bother him. Holly supposed it was an Angel thing. 
“Ready?” He asked her. She nodded grabbing his hand. She was dying to see her parents, to see Jo. 
“How are we getting back?” She asked suddenly. They seemed to be out in the wilderness. She saw no car parked. 
“The same way we got here.” Dominic winked at her. 
An amazed smile crossed her face. “We're going to fly?”
Dominic laughed, even Caleb grinned. “Even flying would take a few hours Holly. There's a quicker way.”
Dominic held out his hand to her, she looked at Caleb with uncertainty. “Whatever you do,” he said to her. “Don't let go of Dominic's hand.”
She took Dominic's offered hand. 
The cliff of Scotland seemed to Shimmer for a minute then grew faint. Darkness descended on her vision. She panicked thinking she had somehow fainted again, but then a hand squeezed hers reassuringly. Her head felt like it was splitting in two, her body felt insubstantial like she was nothing but floating molecules. 
With a dull thump her feet landed on something hard. Colour came back and the darkness lifted from her vision. They were in the middle of a green field. Holly felt her stomach lurch, she pressed a hand over her mouth. Seconds later she was hunched over vomiting. 
A milk brown cow mooed at her. She looked at Caleb and Dominic wiping her lips with the back of her hand. “What the hell..was that?” She panted. “Where are we?”
“Just outside of Cherry Falls. Dominic couldn't get us any closer. The Angels have outlawed blinking in the town.” Caleb told her.
“Blinking?”
“It's a power that Demons possess. Dominic can take you to anywhere in the world in a matter of seconds.” He explained. “It can be a little rough if you're not immortal.”
Rough? It felt like her body was dying. 
“Well this is where I say goodbye.” Dominic said looking straight at Holly.
Forgetting everything else she asked him, “You're leaving?” Her throat suddenly narrowed. And Holly knew it had nothing to do with after effects of blinking. 
He gave her a smile to die for. “Not for good, just for now. I don't think You're mother would agree with you spending a night with Satan's son.” He winked at her amused. 
“Dominic.” Caleb looked at him. Holly saw respect in his eyes. “Thank you.”
Dominic held Caleb's gaze and grinned. “Never thought I’d see the day when an Angel, especially you, would thank me.” 
Caleb smirked. “Don't push it.”
Dominic disappeared.
“Why do they call it blinking?” Holly suddenly asked. 
“Because one second they're there. The next they're not. Blink and you'll miss it. It's a good trick to have.”
Caleb took her hand and guided her to the edge of the field. He lifted her over the small wooden fence like she weighed nothing. He jumped over with one fluid motion. She saw the muscles flex in his bare arms. 
He held her hand again and they walked into town. “Caleb, what exactly did you tell my parents?” Holly asked. Wondering if she was going to be greeted by scowls or open arms. She knew her parents strict views on boys and dating. She couldn't imagine for one second that they would be okay with Holly spending a night alone with two boys in a deserted, rural cabin.
“I can't say. Just that they know you were safe.” Caleb said slowly. She knew he was keeping something from her. He always tried to hide it with vagueness. 
“I thought we agreed no more secrets.” She glanced at him reproachfully.
He sighed. “Holly it's not my secret to share.” 
She stopped. “What do you mean?” 
He walked back towards her. “You know you can be quite stubborn at times.” 
“And you can be frustrating!” She shot back at him. 
“One day I won't have to be.” He said to himself. “Please can we just get you home.” He held out his hand to her again. She stood there, still fuming at him. How could they be together when he kept things from her? Holly was always suspicious of secretive people, her imagination would dream up all sorts of dark, sordid secrets. Why couldn't he just be open and honest with her? After all she had learned what could be worse than that? But she wasn't in the mood for another argument. She just wanted to go home. To her own bed. She took his hand.
Behind them the sun was making it's appearance. Bathing everything in a lovely glow. The birds were singing. It was beautiful.
“So how does this work?” She asked Caleb. He gave her a confused glance. “Do we just go back to normal? Like nothing happened? What if they try and attack me again?”
“Well from now on you can't go anywhere without me or Dominic. I won't leave you unguarded again.”
She looked at him, a tiny smirk playing with the corners of her mouth. “What about when I need the loo, or a shower or when I'm changing?”
Caleb knew she was teasing, she could tell it by the smile that formed on his mesmerizing lips. “Obviously not everywhere. But you get the gist.” 
She found herself feeling a little disappointed. “I want you to enjoy you're life Holly. Just because you've found out who you are. Doesn't mean you have to be miserable.” He stopped and pulled her close. “You should know what it's like to turn eighteen, attend prom, graduate without worrying whether a fanatic with a knife is going to jump out at you and try to kill you.” She found herself being swept away by him. He really was not of this world. He was worth more than gold to her. Before she could stop herself she stood on tip toe and kissed him. It was a touch of a kiss, their lips brushing lightly. He pulled her into him and brought his lips down on hers more forcefully. Holly's hands slid up his chest and linked around his neck. His graceful touch found her hips and backed her up against the brick wall of a bus  shelter behind them. Her heart pounded as he trailed hot kisses down her neck she let out a contented moan. He drew away from her quickly. She could hear his breath coming in ruggered short gasps.
 “Caleb?”
“We should get you home.” He grabbed her hand and almost marched her the rest of the way. His skin was uncomfortably hot against hers. “Did I do something wrong?” She asked him quietly. Caleb stopped a few doors short of her own. He dropped her hand. When he faced her his eyes reflected a sadness that somehow his whole body seemed to replicate. 
“I have to be careful around you.”
“What! Why?” She asked him looking perplexed and just a little hurt at his reaction to their steamy kiss.
“A mortal can't look upon an Angel's glory without dying.”
“ Glory? Is that what you call your...”
“Holly.” His voice cut her off. “All Angels have energy inside them. You could say it's what we're made of. It's the glory of Heaven.” Caleb enunciated 'glory of Heaven' with care. So Holly wouldn't misunderstand it as glory of another kind.
“Oh.”
“It shines brightest when you and me are...”
“Getting hot and heavy.” She finished.
“I would never forgive myself if I hurt you.”
“That's why you bailed on me the night of Jo's party. Straight after we kissed.” She said with a realizing smile.
He nodded. 
Her smile vanished. “So we can't...”
“We just have to be careful, that we don't get carried away and take it too far.”
“Right. Safe sex then.” She said through a grin.
“That was a lame joke.” He told her with a smile.
Her parents were waiting at the gate when they got there. They swept her up with hugs and kisses. She glanced back at Caleb once, before they pulled her into the house and she thought she saw her mother nod at Caleb. But then the front door was shut behind her and her father guided her into the kitchen, then fussed over making her some breakfast. 
Her mother sat opposite her. Her gaze taking in the bandages wrapped tightly around her hands. The patches in the hair, where the Angel had ripped it out. “Oh Holly. I'm so sorry.” Holly looked at her with unmasked surprise. Her father froze over the cooker where Bacon sizzled in the frying pan. 
Her mother reached across the table for Holly's hands. She kissed them gently. “How much did Caleb tell you?”
Holly took back her hands. A lump swelled in her throat. Her chest restricted. “You know?” She let out. Her mother nodded her head. “We hoped that this day would never come. That you wouldn't have to go through all this.”
Holly stood up. “You've known the truth all this time, and didn't tell me!” She realized she was shouting.
“Holly, we just wanted to keep you safe. We didn't know this would happen. Not like it has.” Her father said to her, facing her. The bacon was starting to smoke. He turned off the heat and moved the burning pan to the sink. 
“How do you know?” Holly asked. Assuming that their family's story must have been passed down somehow. How else could they know. Had the Angels warned them?
“Because I’m...I used to be one of them.” Her mother almost whispered. When she looked up at Holly. Tears flowed freely down her cheeks. “I was an Angel.”
Holly swallowed hard. “You...What?” 
“Holly I know that in the past 24 hours the world has spun for you more than once. And I don't mean to add to the burden but...It's time you knew the truth. I was an Angel, but I chose to fall...For love.” She held out a hand and Holly's father clasped it in his.
“I loved you're father the moment I saw him. Falling in love is considered a sin in Heaven. You're only supposed to love you're family and of course Father. So I lost my wings. Chose a mortal life.”
“Wait...a Angel can be mortal?” Holly's head was aching. Her heart thundered. All this time her parents had been lying to her. They knew what was happening and didn't tell her.
“We have to go through agony to do it. But yes.” Holly's mind thought of Caleb as a human. If he was then this stupid glory thing wouldn't be an issue. She knew she was being selfish but she didn't care. After the way her life had flipped in a U-turn, she thought she was owed a little bratty behaviour. 
“Does that make me part Angel?” She asked.
“No. I was mortal when you... were born. Your all human Holly.” 
“You look shattered kid. You should go lie down.” Her father said.
“I'm fine. I just need a shower and a change of clothes.” She said back.
Holly left the kitchen and trudged upstairs. She placed Caleb's jacket on her bed and moved to her desk. Picking up a black pair of small scissors she cut through the bandages on her hands. The cuts looked red and angry. But whoever had tended them had done a through-er job. All the blood and muck had been meticulously washed away. She showered. The hot water felt good against her skin. Without Caleb around to chase away the cold she had to make do with the water. She turned up the heat dial on the main device of the shower. She washed her hair gently but the shampoo stung the raw of her scalp. Holly tried to put everything that had happened to her since leaving this very house, yesterday morning, out of her mind. The only good thing to come out of it all, was that she now knew what Caleb and Dominic were. She hoped there was no more secrets between them any-more. But knew deep inside that they were holding things back.  
Right now they were the only one's Holly trusted. 
She slipped a towel around her still shivering body, then walked to her bedroom. 
She pulled on grey jeans and a loose black sweater. She left her hair wet. She grabbed her bag then headed downstairs.
“Where are you going?” Her mother leaned against the passage wall. 
“School.” Holly reached the front door.
“But I talked to Mr Woodborough. He doesn't expect you back for a few days.”
Holly let out a breath before turning towards her mother. 
“You hate us don't you.” Her mother said in a small voice.
“God no mum. It's just being cooped up in here all day will just drive me crazy. I  need to be around people...Take my mind of everything.” She needed space.
“I understand.” Her mother smiled.
“Oh and I'm going to stop by the hospital after school to see Jo. So I’ll be late home.”
“Holly!”
“Mum I know. Caleb told me not to go anywhere alone. Don't worry he'll probably come with me.”
She shot out the door before her mother could reply. Her blood warmed as she saw Caleb waiting for her at the gate. Holly didn't know how, but she knew he would be there. The connection between them had been deepened somehow. 
She walked to him slowly. “Can't get rid of you, can I?” She joked.
He had changed into dark jeans and a red turtle neck sweater. He looked amazing. The clothes clung to him in all the right places. “I'm afraid not.” He replied. His blue eyes followed her every step. 
Holly fell into his arms. He held her for a while. “Holly, are you sure you want to do this?”
She nodded not wanting the moment to end. She needed him more than she had ever needed any-one. He knew her thoughts before she even thought them.
A quiet understanding passed between them. He wrapped an arm around her shoulders and walked her to school. The tardy bell had just rung for first period when they entered the school. Holly had to restrain a smile when she saw Dominic standing outside of History. He winked at her. 
“How you holding up?” He asked her.
She shrugged. Not wanting to talk about it. 
Caleb released her. “Dominic will stay with you till the end of the day. I'll see you at three thirty.” He kissed her forehead. She grabbed his sweater.
“Where are you going?” She asked hurriedly. She already felt the unpleasant icy cold return.
“I've got some things that need to be taken care of. Don't worry I'll find you.” He looked into her eyes. “I will always find you.” She nodded feeling assured that he would always find her. No matter what. 
They both watched him till he was out of sight.
“Don't worry about him Holly. Caleb can take care of himself.”
“I know. It's just everything's different. I don't know if I can do this...” She stared down the empty corridor, not really seeing anything.
“Yes you can. You're stronger than you think.” He said to her. She felt him behind her. His breath on her neck set her heart into double time. “You wanna get out of here?” He whispered in her ear. The coldness was replaced by butterflies flapping in her stomach. She knew she should say no. But Holly just wanted to get away for awhile. And she knew deep down that Dominic would be the best distraction. 

“Where to?” She asked him.
He grinned and led her to the school's parking lot. “You'll see.”
He got on to a red motorcycle that gleamed in the sun light. It looked new, showroom shiny and incredibly fast. He hopped on and started it up. The engine roared into life. He handed her a black helmet. “Why do you need a bike when you can blink.” 
“This is much more fun.”
She pulled on the helmet and swung a leg over the bike. Her heart beating unbearably fast. Was she really doing this? Caleb had warned her not go anywhere without him...or Dominic. So technically she wasn't braking any rules. Holly wrapped her arms around his waist tightly as he accelerated. 
He gunned it down the coast. Holly felt like she was flying. She had never felt so free. He dodged in and out of traffic, never slowing. He pulled to a stop in a car park just before  Lune beach. Holly climbed off still buzzing from the joy ride. 
He took her hand and guided her to a secluded spot on the sand between two boulders. 
The beach was deserted. A few dog walkers passed by but that was all. Guess it was still too cold. She remembered it was November. The months had flown by. 
He dug out a grey blanket from a bike bag Holly hadn't even realized he'd been carrying. He also took out a bottle of vodka. Holly raised her eyebrows questioningly.
“Don't worry the vodka's for me.” He said. 
Holly rolled her eyes and sat down on the blanket. He had obviously been planning this. He had come prepared. They watched the waves break onto the shore.
“I know what you did.” Holly said to him suddenly. He  laid out on his back staring up at the dull, grey sky. “Last night at the cabin. You always do it when I get too close. You pull away.”
He tried to hide a grin, but he didn't quite manage it. “What are you talking about. You're the closest I've ever let anybody get.”
She lay on her side next to him. She studied him closely. God he was beautiful. And evil, she reminded herself. Holly didn't know how to sort out her feelings over him and Caleb. They were the perfect guy when you put them together. 
Caleb warm and loving. Dominic dark and full of fire. The perfect combination. Yet Holly felt drawn to them both. It was a real tangle. She couldn't pick between them, and yet she knew she had to. For all their sakes. But being with one meant she lost the other. And Holly couldn't handle that right now. 
“You don't know what you do to me, do you?” He asked her suddenly. He was studying her intensely. “How hard it is to be this close to you...”
She looked in his eyes. His fingers linked with hers, then he was pulling her on top him. His lips touched hers then stopped. “Do you ever think about that night?” His eyes never left her mouth. Holly knew the night he was re-furring to, and the answer was all the time. Remembering it now only made her want him more. Maybe that was why he brought it up. Instead of speaking she kissed his bottom lip, then the top. Dominic's hands moved down the length of her body. She kissed his perfect jawline, his collarbone that was visible above his black vest. His pale skin was flawlessly smooth beneath her lips. She heard him let out a throaty groan. 
She didn't stop. Holly felt possessed with lust. He had opened the floodgates of desire in her. She couldn't stop even if she had wanted to. Her kisses got more urgent as they went south, touching every bit of him.  With what could only be described as an animal growl he flipped her onto her back forcefully he kissed her lips with barely contained passion. One hand pinned both of hers above her head, his other slipped underneath her sweater. She closed her eyes, breathing hard. She wanted to give herself to him. All of her. No holding back...this time.
But not like this.
Not out in public where she would be arrested for indecent exposure. She wanted her first time to be with him, but when she pictured it in her mind, it was romantic, sensual. Not a quickie on a cold beach. There was still so much confusion inside of her. 
His hand moved underneath her bra, it killed her to do it but she had to. “Dominic stop.” 
He did. “What's wrong?”
“I can't Dominic...not here...not now. I'm sorry.”
He smiled in frustration, he rolled off her and lay back on the blanket. 
“You're mad aren’t you?” She asked him.
He squeezed her hand. “Not with you. At myself. I shouldn't take advantage of you, like this. It's hard to break the habit of a lifetime.” 
“I don't believe you're evil Dominic.” She kissed his  fingers then got up, straightening her clothes. He watched her. Desire blazing in his dark eyes. “You should.” He said simply then heaved himself up. He collected the blanket and slung it over his shoulder. He drained the vodka bottle down his throat then tossed it in to a bin beside the parking lot as they walked. 
“See you're environmentally friendly.” She teased. 
He gave her a-are-you-kidding-me look.
She laughed. She couldn't remember the last time she had laughed. It felt good. 
Her laugh died when she saw his body stiffen, he looked sideways at a gang of youths. They were huddled a few feet away. Their eyes stared holes into Holly. They was something off about them that she couldn't place. Their eyes looked vacant and menacingly now that she looked closer they seemed older than she first thought.
“Can you drive the bike?” Dominic asked her calmly, never tearing his gaze away from the group who were edging closer to them. They looked in no hurry.
“Dom, I can't even drive a car with backing it into a tree.” She told him.
“Damn.” He cursed but with a casual tone. He spat on the ground as one of the group broke away from the rest. He was tall and lanky, with shoulder long greasy hair. He let out a low whistle and the rest spanned out, circling them but not advancing. Holly glanced around the lot was deserted apart from them. 
“Stay behind me, and keep cool.” Dominic said tossing the blanket at her. She caught it and rolled it up. She knew she should be worried but Dominic seemed at ease. She didn't know if he was putting on a show for her. But then again he was the Devil's son.
Could anything hurt him?
“Dominic.” The lanky guy said in greeting stopping a few yards away. His voice was flat.
“Cyrus. What are you doing here?” Dominic asked him.
“You're father sent me.”
Holly felt a shiver rip through her. Lucifer  had sent them. That means they could only be demons. But Caleb had told her last night that Hell couldn't harm her. They needed her alive.
“Checking up on me huh,” Dominic said working a kink out his neck with his hand. He looked like he was getting geared up for a fight.
“No my...Prince. Merely enquiring. We have heard...rumours about you.”
Dominic stepped closer to Cyrus. Holly looked around at the rest of the gang. A small, fat one with a green Mohawk licked his lips at her. His eyes looking her up and down. She gave him the finger. When she looked back at Dominic he gave her a-quick-that's-my-girl-smile.
“And what rumours might they be?” 
“T-that you have taken up league with a...Angel.” He stammered. Clearly frightened of Dominic.
“If I have it's none of your business. My allegiance hasn't wavered and never will.”
Holly looked at Dominic, trying to decide if he meant what he was saying or merely just lying. She couldn't tell. He had his poker face on. 
“I understand but...Lucifer grows inpatient. You promised to deliver the girl to him, night of the full moon. That has passed.” Cyrus glanced at Holly. “You have her so why did you not hand her over?”
She saw Dominic's fists curl up, she knew he was trying to control his temper.
“Because I'm not done with her yet.”
The green haired Mohawk jerk was gaining ground on her. “She is...tempting.” He said to Dominic. “I bet you're dick feels like it's being dipped into warm honey.” He sneered. Holly  got the sudden urge to kick him right between the legs, but Dominic got there first. 
The green Mohawk demon was hit by a spinning ball of fire. It propelled him backwards. He landed with a crash on his back. The flames ate him alive in seconds. Leaving nothing behind but a scorch mark on the tarmac.
The others shaken by this, looked nervously at Cyrus then at Holly. “If you don't want to join the green slime bucket then I suggest you don't move.” Dominic warned then in a low, warning voice. His eyes were hard, cold and completely black.
Holly was having a hard time breathing. She had never seen Dominic use his power before.
“I will hand her over to Lucifer myself when I'm ready.”
Cyrus nodded. “As you wish. I will relay the message.” Then the parking lot was empty.
She stood there shivering. Not daring to breathe. She looked at Dominic trying to make her mind up about making a break for it or wait for him to explain himself.
He turned to look at her. His eyes lighter. “You okay?”
She shook her head. “Hand me over to Lucifer?” she asked him her teeth chattering.
He sighed and shook his head. “I thought you trusted me?”
“It's a little hard after what I've just seen and heard Dominic.”
“Holly, I didn't have a choice. Hell can't know about us. Not yet. I was buying some time. That's all.” He held out his arms to her. His eyes pleading with her to believe him.
Holly tried to resist the tugging of her insides. But she knew it was no use. There was no fighting it.
She ran to him, hugging him around the neck. “I'm sorry. Everyone just keeps... I don't know what to believe.” 
He stood frozen against her for a second then he took her into his arms.
 “Believe in this...” He whispered.
Dominic kissed her tenderly. His strong hands lifted her hips up and she wrapped her legs around his waist. By the time he set her back down on solid ground, the sky had grown dark with rain clouds. “We should be getting back.” He said a little breathless. “Wouldn't want to keep Caleb waiting.”
She glanced at her watch; 2:59. Time went so fast when she was with him.
The journey back took less time. She was disappointed when the bike pulled up in the parking lot. Holly got off and placed the helmet on the seat of the bike. 
“Holly!”
She spun around at the sound of her name being called. She recognised the familiar voice straight away. Jo was making her way to them. Holly ran to her and held her in a tight hug. 
“Holly, I can't breathe...”
“Sorry.” Holly let go. Jo's head was bandaged, but otherwise she looked like her old self. “I was coming to see you after school. What are you doing here?”
Jo shrugged. “Hospital was boring. There wasn't even any cute male nurses. I signed my self out. My Mom's not to happy about it though.”
Holly hugged her again. “Are you sure you should be here?” 
“I came to look for you. I was worried about you, the cops said that you were fine, but I had to see for myself.” Holly grimaced as Jo grasped her hands. She looked down at the small cuts on Holly's hands. “They look sore.” She muttered. But Holly wasn't listening. The cuts on her hands were healing...fast. Too fast. She looked at Dominic who was leaning against his bike, watching them. “Caleb.” He mouthed to her. She looked back at her hands in awe. Caleb could heal her?
“Have the cops questioned you yet?” Jo asked bringing her out of her trance.
“Cops?”
“Yeah they came to the hospital last night. I don't know what that guy's problem was...” She trailed off glancing at Dominic. “I have him to thank for saving my life, don't I?” 
Holly nodded. “He carried you to Dr Windsor.”
“Where have you been anyway? Were you with him all day? Are you two together now? What about Caleb?” Jo's questions came out fast and furious.
“No...we're just friends.” Holly answered. Ignoring the blush on her cheeks. 
“So...He's still single?” Jo asked. A sly smile crossing her lips.”
Holly rolled her eyes. Apparently not even a concussion could tear Jo's mind from Dominic. 
“Go for it.” She told her amused. 
She watched Jo walk up to him. She stretched on her toes and kissed him on the cheek. “Thank you.” She said. “I'm feeling faint. Can you take me home?” Jo fluttered her lashes at him. 
He gave Holly a-thank-you-very-much-glare. “I'd love to Jo, but I don't want to leave Holly by her self...”
Jo hopped on to the bike. “She'll be fine. Come on.” He rolled his eyes at holly as he got on the bike and started it up. “Caleb shouldn't be long. Stay here till he shows.” He called out to her. Holly tried to hold back laughter, as Jo placed her hands around his waist instantly sliding them south to his lap. She saw him curse under his breath then they vanished along the street in black smoke.
She knew she shouldn't encourage Jo. Not now she knew Dominic's true identity. But part of her couldn't resist teasing him. She looked at her watch; 3:16. There was no point in going to class there was only fourteen minutes left. So she sat down on the grass and waited. 
She found herself desperately wanting to see Caleb. His lazy smile, his magnetic eyes...Was she in love with two guys at the same time? Could that even happen?
“Holly?” Her whole body went weak at the sound of him saying her name. It was a good thing she was already sitting down. She looked up and her breath got swallower. He made her physically ache, he looked that good. 
“Where's Dominic?” He asked her. Looking around.
She climbed to her feet. “Taking Jo home. You're early.” 
He looked at her sharply. “He left you?”
“Just a second ago. Caleb I don't need to be babysat.” Her tone was slightly high.
As if sensing he was skating on thin ice, his eyes softened. “I just worry...Did you say he was taking Jo home?”
She smiled. “There wasn't any hot male nurses at the hospital.” She offered in explanation. Trying to keep a straight face. 
He looked at her with curiosity. “I don't want to know. Do I?”
She laughed. “Jo's kinda guy orientated of late.”
He nodded. “I've noticed. You heading straight home?” He asked her. 
Holly didn't feel like parting from Caleb just yet. And she had told her mother she'd be late.
“Not yet. I have to do some research for my history paper, or I'm never going to get it finished.” It was true. She did need to visit the library.
He took her hand, examining it. “They're healing nicely...” he said.
She looked up at him with wonder. He really was astonishing. “How did you do that?” 
He looked at her, noticing the admiration in her voice. He pressed her fingers to his mouth and kissed them. His eyes betraying the arousal he felt. “A guardian Angel has the power to heal his charge. Only minor wounds though.” 
They stood gazing into each other's eyes. Reading the emotions that swirled in them. Holly seriously needed a cold shower. As if hearing her thoughts Caleb took her hand. “Library it is then.” 
§
Caleb sat across from Holly.
She had a book open in front of her, her hair had dried in loose curls, and she played with one absent mindedly. Wrapping it around a slender finger.
Caleb couldn't look away. He had been dreading telling her truth. Not knowing how she would take it. But the way she had handled it filled him with pride. There was a long way to go yet. And many more things needed to be revealed to her, but this was a promising start. 
He loved the way she looked at him. The way she drank him in, never getting enough.
She looked up as if sensing his gaze. Her luscious lips parting in a smile. 
She gathered her legs up under her and leaned over the table towards him. He watched her every movement with undisguised wanting. She was radiant this afternoon. Like a flower that had finally bloomed. She looked so alive. 
“You never told me that Angels could chose to be mortal.” She said in a hushed tone.
He looked at her in surprise. Her mother must have told her about Falling. “You never asked.” He said carefully. 
“There's so much I don't know about you Caleb.” She said almost wishfully. 
He was afraid that if he moved closer the temptation to kiss her would be too strong to fight. He had to be careful, not just of her. But of saying too much. Heaven was watching.
“What would you like to know?” He asked her after a while.
She thought for a time then asked the question that he knew she really wanted answering the most. 
“Have you ever wanted to be...mortal?”
He held her gaze, watching the emotions play out in it. “Never.” He said. “Until...you.”
He heard her breathing pick up. Her chest moving in and out faster. He even heard her heart thumping against her rib cage. 
“You would do that for...me?” She asked. A single tear escaped, wetting her cheek. He couldn't hold back any longer. He moved forward and brushed it away with a thumb. “There's nothing I wouldn't do for you Holly. I really shouldn't but I love you.”
She sat back in her chair, staring at him with dazed eyes. “Why? She finally whispered. “You're beautiful and powerful, why me? I'm just a schoolgirl from a small town. There's plenty of me around.” 
Her words broke his heart. “You really don't see how amazing you are, do you?”
“Because I'm supposed to be this...big witch...”
“No. Because you're you.” 
She turned away from him. Running her gaze across the room. 
There was something in her eyes he couldn't read. He wondered if he had gone too far, but when she finally looked at him. She looked the happiest he had ever seen her.
“I...love you Caleb.” She said.
He grabbed the wooden table with his hands. Not quite believing what he had just heard. She loved him? Caleb had been fretting over the bond that had formed between her and Dominic the last few months. It seemed to get stronger with time. Maybe he was the one to had her heart. But now that she had said the words out-loud Caleb believed every single letter. She had chose him.
He wanted to scream out with joy to the Heavens.
He wanted to take her into his arms...But he couldn't. 
If they were ever to have a real future together Caleb had to show restraint. Heaven must never learn of what he was planning until they were powerless to stop it. 
After they survived Heaven and Hell, Caleb would give up his wings, become mortal and give himself completely and unconditionally to Holly, and only Holly.
Heaven had been his home. Angels his family. But he would give all that up in an instant to be with this girl. To settle down and live as a mortal, to have a family. He was snapped out of his thoughts when he felt Holly leave. With supernatural speed he caught up to her just outside the library doors. 
“What is it?” He asked her when he saw the pain in her face. She crumpled against the wall and slid to the floor. “Tell me every thing's going to be okay Caleb.”
He joined her on the floor, he put a arm around her shoulders and her head slumped against him. 

“I can't.” He said softly. 
































Chapter Eight

§

The Choice

“That was very lovely Mrs Adams.”
Margaret Adams waved off the complement. “You should taste my Sunday Diners.” She said to Caleb.
Holly collected the dirty plates then deposited them in the sink. After her break down in the library Caleb had practically had to carry her home. Fear covered her like a mask she couldn't wash off, no matter how much she scrubbed. After finally admitting to Caleb...and to herself that she loved him. She was terrorized with the thought of losing him. That was certainly a possibility with everything that was going to be coming after her. 
She filled up the sink with water and picked up the brush.
“Holly. Do you want to come down main street with us for some ice cream?” Her mother asked zipping up her coat. She shook her head. “Okay we won't be long.”
“You wash I’ll dry?” Caleb asked her. She smiled her reply.
“Caleb do you trust Dominic?” She asked him suddenly.
He paused for a minute. “Yes. Do you”?
Holly itched her face with her shoulder, buying time. “I guess if you do...”
“That's not an answer Holly.” He said smirking at her. “What did you two do today?” 
He had asked it casually but she froze slightly at the question. She cursed her cheeks that chose that moment to blush like they had never before. 
“Just went to class...” She trailed off. Was she really going to lie to her Guardian Angel? This wasn't the best start to their relationship. But she really didn't want to get Dominic in trouble.
“I asked him to go somewhere. I just needed to get away for awhile.” She said carefully.
“Lune beach, wasn't it?”
Holly nearly dropped the plate that she had been handing him. “How do you know...”
He looked at her, trying to decide how to phrase the answer. “I can...sense you. Remember when I told you this morning that I would always find you?”
She nodded.
“All Guardian Angels can locate their charges, wherever they are. In case you need me in a hurry.” Holly was staring at him. “But I never do it unless I have cause to.” He added quickly. “I couldn't sense you in town, I got worried...”
“You're forgiven.” She told him with a smile.
“So...what did you get up to at the beach?” 
Holly felt a sly smile cross her lips. Was he jealous? 
“Oh just talked...it wasn't a big deal.” She quickly answered feeling a little bit guilty.
“Well it must have been cause you felt very...” He trailed off realizing he had said too much.
She glared at him. “What?”
“Holly, Angels have many powers...”
“Quit changing the subject. Are you telling me you can feel what I feel?”
“Yes. But that one I can't turn off. I'm sorry.” Caleb looked scared. 
Holly took it in. All the times she had felt...excited by Dominic Caleb had known?
“Anything else I should know about?”
He was about to answer then changed his mind. “I can compel you to do what I want.” He said in defeat. 
“Have You?” She asked him, not sure if she wanted to know the answer. Had he made her fall in love with him? Was her love not real?
“Once, when you wouldn't leave me. Remember that night at school when we bumped into Dominic?”
“I wouldn't leave you because you were going to rip each other apart. You made me?”
He nodded then dumped the towel and the plate he was drying on the counter. He moved closer. “I didn't want you to get hurt. I swear I would never have done it other wise. I'm not a jerk.”
Holly realized she was the one being the jerk. Of course Caleb would never use his powers for anything but her safety. 
She dropped the dish she was washing in the sink. She grabbed his belt and pulled her to him. 
Their mouths met and Holly felt his kiss set off sparks inside her. 
He backed her up against the edge of the sink raking his hands through her hair. His insatiable lips never leaving hers.
 Holly slid her fingers up his hard chest, then teased off his sweater revealing his tanned abdomen and his muscular arms. She dis-guarded it on the kitchen floor. She couldn't stop touching him. He was so firm and hard with passion.
 His arms carried her over to the kitchen table, releasing her gently onto it's surface. 
She moaned as he trailed kisses up her neck slowly. Tantalising her.
 Her legs wrapped around his waist of their own accord like they belonged there.
He lifted himself on to her. Being careful to balance out his weight. 
Wave upon wave of pleasure broke over her when his lips touched down on her sensitive skin.
Their hands explored each other's body, fuelling their arousal more. 
She couldn't take it any longer. Her nervous fingers undid his belt.
He bolted away from her like she'd prodded him with an electric taser. 
She propped herself up. “Caleb?” He smashed a wooden chair with just a touch. His eyes were wild and his breathing was shot to hell. He screwed up his eyes and tried to calm down but to Holly it clearly wasn't working.
“Holly...I need to go...” His voice was strained, uneven.
“The glory thing.” She whispered. He nodded. She hadn't meant for things to get so heated. She gotten caught up. Had pushed him into the danger zone.
“Go.” She called. He did. He was out of the back door before she could say another word. 
She chased after him. A bright light blazed in the dark sky above, and she knew instinctively it was Caleb's glory she was witnessing. His light was so exuberant that it's glow outshone the moon.
 Caleb's golden rays bathed her in light, it felt exactly like he did. But more intense. 
It was simply spectacular.
All too soon it was over. 
The moon won back it's sway on the night sky. As Caleb diminished. 
“Holly!” Dominic's frightened voice startled her as he bust through the garden gate. 
She saw him breathe a sigh of relief, then look up at the starry sky. “Do you have to get him worked up like that?”
She blushed violently. “Will he be okay?” She asked him. Her tone dripped concern.
He walked over to her. “Are you kidding me? His drifting along on bliss highway right about now.”
She stared at him, her mouth dropped open. “So it's really not a metaphor...”
Dominic sniggered. “I'm just teasing. It's not like that. Down here Caleb's confined to a vessel of flesh and bone. But up there he's free of restrictions. He's unbound. And between you and me, that to them is like having sex.” He smirked at her. 
Holly felt the heat radiating from his body. He was standing much too close. She couldn't think.
“What are you doing here anyway?” She said. Trying to change the subject.
“Didn't Caleb tell you?” He slapped his head with his hand. “Silly me. You two didn't do much talking, did you.” He teased. 
“Drop it Dominic.” She warned him.
“You've got me till morning beautiful.”
“What? You guys watch over me when I’m asleep?” This was starting to get absurd.
“Don't worry. I'll behave...mostly”
“You do realize how creepy this is, right? Just don't let my parents see you.” She hissed at him. Stomping away to finish up the plates. 
“Holly?” She pivoted.
“Are you in love with him?”
She hadn't been ready for that. Although she now knew where her heart lay, she was certain she wouldn't survive losing Dominic. But she knew she couldn't hang on to him any-longer. He deserved more than that.
She walked a few steps towards him. His expression was unreadable.
“Yes.” She said simply.
He lowered his head, after a few seconds he nodded. “Guess I was too much for you to handle.” He joked. But she could see the agony in his eyes. 
“Dominic I will always...” She trailed off unable to explain just how much the prince of Hell meant to her.
“Don't sweat it Holly. It was fun while it lasted. Now go finish your washing. I've got patrolling to do.” He said in a light tone. But she knew she had just broken his heart. And with his her own.
She trudged back into the kitchen. Eyeing the mess. A sharp rap on the front door made Holly start. Why did she have to be so jumpy all the time? yeah right. Because Demons wanted to kidnap her and Angels wanted to kill her. She let out a breath, still feeling empty after the  heartbreaking conversation with Dominic. 
There was another short rap on the door. But this time it was louder. Her parents must have forgotten their keys.
When she opened it. Two police officers stood on the step. One was tall and lean with short curly hair and sunglasses on. Who wears sunglasses in the middle of November? 
The other was slightly smaller but was built like a body builder. His biceps bulged underneath his uniform.
“Holly Adams?” The tall one asked her. She nodded.
“We would like to ask you a few questions about the incident that happened at school yesterday, may we come in?”
“Em...sure.” Holly stepped aside. 
They moved into the kitchen. The police officers took in the broken chair. “Everything okay miss?” The body builder asked her. 
“Yeah...it had a dodgy leg.” She lied. Not fooling anyone. 
He surveyed the kitchen. “Are you here alone?”
A icy shiver ran down her spine. There was something in the way he said it that unnerved her. “I'm sorry, I didn't catch you're names.”
The tall one grinned at her. “That's because we didn't give them whore.”
Holly swallowed hard. Her heart hammered through her chest. “Angels...” She whispered.
“You should really be more careful about who you let in Miss Adams.” The body builder told her, grinning like the Cheshire cat.
Her brain went in overdrive. The tall one blocked the kitchen door, while the other had moved around her towards the back door. She was trapped. There was no way she'd be able to get past them. They had like 200Ibs on her. Her only hope was Dominic. Where was he?
She saw a kitchen knife gleam on the counter out the corner of her eye. Could she get to it before they reached her? There was only one way to find out. She leapt towards it her hand curled around the hilt before they lost there grip on it. Rough hands grabbed her arm, spun her around with daunting speed and slammed her head off the table. 
A bright light flashed behind her eyes. A warm, dull, aching spread across her temple. 
Holly slid in a heap on the floor.
 Her vision swarmed. Her brain screamed at her to get up. 
She groggily crawled to all fours. A powerful foot kicked her  in the stomach.
 The momentum hurled her up against the kitchen wall. Her left shoulder smacking the floor hard as she landed. Pain ripped through her whole body, but her shoulder burned in excruciating torment. 
She tasted blood from where she had bit her lip. A laugh carried across the room. 
They were toying with her. They knew that she was powerless to stop them. Her anger flared. These were far from the Heavenly occupants she had learned about in Sunday school.
 The body builder  grabbed her by the collar and heaved her up with one hand. 
“Such a pathetic thing for us to be fighting over...” He said quietly.
 Holly drove her foot up between his legs with all her might. 
He dropped her, barrelled over in pain.
Suddenly a dark figure smashed through the kitchen window above the sink.
Dominic rolled to his feet. He was covered from head to toe in blood and...bits of pinky flesh. Holly stared at him in horror. He looked like he'd dived right out of a teen slasher film.
 Dirty Feathers stuck to him . He looked like he'd been in a war.
He cast a worried glance her way as the tall one lunged for him.
 Dominic was faster.
 He sidestepped him then placed a booted foot in his back and pushed the  Angel head first out the gaping hole that used to be the window.
The front door was rocked off it's hinges and Caleb stood in the kitchen doorway. 
His fierce eyes took only a heartbeat to process the scene before him. 
But that was all the body builder needed. 
He used Caleb's entrance as a distraction. He yanked Holly to her feet by the throat. He held on to her hair as she struggled against him, she felt a sharp point touch the skin on her throat.
 “Stop fighting.” He growled in her ear. 
She stiffened.
“One more step Demon and I’ll silt the bitch from ear to ear.” He spat at Dominic who had moved a few inches closer to them.
 Holly saw fury in his eyes, but there was also fear. Their eyes connected as he backed off.
“Not so tough now are you Hell spawn.” The tall one appeared through the kitchen door. Mud caked to his face. 
Dominic fists curled at his sides. She knew he was dying to get his hands on them. But one wrong move from him ended Holly's life. They all knew it.
The air was thick with tension. 
“You don't want to this Christopher.” Caleb said suddenly to the tall one. “Can't you see that Michael is wrong.”
“How dare you take that...slut's side over you're own brother's!” Christopher screamed at him. 
“Michael knows what Heaven needs. He doesn't beat around the bush with all these pleasantries.”
“If his cause is so just. Then why did he send you to do his dirty work?” Caleb asked. He darted a reassuring glance at Holly who was trying not to pass out from the pain racking her body.
The one holding Holly laughed at Caleb. “He has better things to do than associate with this...slag.” He thrusted the blade into her throat harder, piercing the skin. She cried out as blood trickled down her chest. 
“Stop calling her that!” Caleb yelled. He was usually calm and collected. Taking everything in his stride. The only time she had seen him lose the slightest of control. Was when her life was threatened.
“Why? That's what she is. It's all her race knows.” Christopher said to him.
 “Caleb. Michael does not blame you. These mortal women can be very pervasive. You're too naïve to see her game. She means to ruin you brother.” He had softened his voice. “It's the Demon she lusts after.”
Dominic tore his gaze away from her to throw a quick glance at Caleb. Holly knew what they were trying to do. She prayed Caleb wouldn't fall for it.
Christopher encouraged by Caleb's refusal to meet Dominic's eyes went on. “They spent the night together you know. She let him touch her Caleb.” 
She saw Caleb's eyes harden. 
“She doesn't let you touch her like that, does she? He was inside her Caleb and she liked it.”
“Caleb.” Dominic's tense voice called out to him in a -not-here-not-now-tone.
Christopher spun to strike Dominic but Caleb grabbed his wrist spun him back around and banged his head into the wall repeatedly. The other's looked on in silent shock. Caleb's emotionless face chilled Holly to the bone. A good time later Christopher's still body fell to the floor.
Caleb round on Holly's captor who was trembling.
“Let her go.” 
“I'm sorry my brother. But I must do this. It's for you're own good.”  He said sadly.
Dominic had been inching closer, he struck quickly, slippery as a snake he grabbed her attacker's hand and she heard his finger bones crack. 
Holly collapsed on the floor.
 She heard a horrible wailing from above her. Then the body builders face lay inches from hers. His lifeless eyes staring into her own. His mouth open in a silent scream of terror. 
Arms lifted her and carried her out the house to the back garden. She knew by their tender touch that it was Caleb.
A frightened scream fell on her ears as Dominic finished off Christopher. She flinched at the inhuman sound. 
Darkness descended.










Chapter Nine

§

The Gift

Holly opened her eyes slowly.
The first thing she saw as her sight adjusted was a white washed ceiling.
 She swallowed hard and ran her tongue over her dry, cracked lips.
 The smell of bleach assaulted her nose. She looked around; a thin metal pole with a bag hooked on the end, filled with clear liquid, was stationed at the side of her. There was a white, cheap chest of drawers on the opposite wall, next to a window. She glanced down. Thin, white sheets had been tugged around her body. She saw the needle to the drip patched into her right hand. 
Caleb sat in a chair next to her bed. His hand clenched hers. It took some time before she felt his squeeze.
“Where I am?” Her voice sounded distant and thick with disuse. 
“Green-Fields hospital.” He said. 
“What happened?” 
He faltered. “I'm not doing a great job of guarding you am I.” His voice broke with emotion. 
She turned her head slightly to look at him better.
 He looked tired. His hair was knotted, his face streaked with pain. His eyes were unbearably barren. He looked so...defeated.
“I'm still here, aren’t I?” 
He lowered his head. “Thanks to Dominic.”
“Is he...?”
“Fine.” He answered her. 
“Caleb please. This was not you're fault.”
He moved to the window. The street lights outside reflected his haunted expression in the pane.
“They found you because of me Holly. Angels can sense each other.” His tone was flat. He was scaring her. She had never seen him like this. “I'm a GPS emitting a beacon to all those that want you dead.”
“They would have found me eventually Caleb.” Her mind was still trying to remember. But her memory was hazy. “Are they dead?”
“Yes.”
Suddenly the door to the room swung open and Dominic peeked his head in. He flashed her a smile and moved to her bed side.
 Caleb didn't even acknowledge his presence. 
“Hello sleeping beauty.” He said kissing her on the check. “You gave us quite a scare.”
“How long have I been here?”
“Two days.” Caleb said quietly. 
You're parents just left. Ricky and Jo were here earlier.” Dominic said rolling his eyes. “She was like a cat in heat.”
Holly laughed softly. “You know the more you blow her off the harder she'll try.” 
“She's certainly persistent. I'll give her that.”
“Dominic what took you so long?” 
He sighed. “There were more of them outside. They came for me first. I had to fight my way to you. Sorry it took so long, they caught me unaware.”
“They know about our truce.” Caleb said turning to them, leaning against the wall. “Someone has to be tipping Michael off.”
Dominic nodded. “Got any ideas who?”
“They were prepared for you not me. Which narrows the field. There are a few who knew I wouldn't be guarding Holly that night.”
“What does it matter who's guarding me?” She asked them confused.
Caleb sat on her other side and took her hand in his. “Angels aren’t allowed to kill their own kind. They struck when they knew I wouldn't be around.”
“At least there's one rule Michael doesn’t intend to break.”Dominic said darkly.
“Yet.” Caleb said quietly. 
“So, where shall it be princess?” Dominic asked her cheerily. 
“What?”
“You can't stay here any longer Holly. Green-fields isn’t Cherry Falls.” Caleb told her.
“Yeah because that worked out well.” Dominic said teasingly, rolling his eyes. “We have to move you before Michael tries again. And since you're injured I’ll let you pick our destination.”
“But my parents...” Holly said.
“It won't be for long. We're working on something. I talked to your mother, she agreed to it. If it pans out the way it should Cherry Falls will be free of all supernatural beings.” Caleb explained.
“Except us of course.” Dominic winked at her.
“Guys I don't think I can be moved. My body's killing me.” She winced as a stab of pain travelled up her side.
“That's because you have a concussion, dislocated shoulder, two broken ribs and multipliable cuts and bruises.” Dominic told her.
“Oh... That's nice...bloody Angels” 
She saw his face darken and his eyes snapped to the door. Caleb's too. 
They glanced at each other.
“I'll delay them as long as I can.” Dominic told him quietly. Caleb nodded grimly.
The door shut quietly behind Dominic.
“Where's he...” Holly started to ask Caleb but he cut her off.
“Can you stand?” He asked her, as he threw open the window. The night sounds of the city flowed in.
“I don't...I'll try.” She lifted her heavy body into a sitting position then shrugged off the covers. She was wearing a thin hospital gown. Her legs and feet bare. her ribs screamed in a protest and she winced. 
The pain was momentary forgotten as she looked in Caleb's direction. He had tossed his jacket and sweater aside. His brown skin bare. She could see the light play off his abs. Her breathing picked up. Now wasn't really the time to strip off. Her cheeks blushed violently.
“What are you doing?”
“You've always wanted to fly.” Caleb said grinning.
The room shimmered as Caleb's wings unfurled magically behind his back. 
They seemed to materialize right out of his skin. Holly looked on in shock and wonder.
 At full span they reached the length of the room, the edges scraping across the wall. 
They were brilliantly white.
 The edges on all sides were made up pale muscle and cartilage, rimmed with big, fluffy white, bulky feathers. Further in they changed in shape to smaller, finer, and almost luminescent. There must have been millions of feathers making up the dazzling, huge wings.
Caleb shone with a magnificence she had never seen before.
 She gasped. “You're...glorious.” She spilled out.
He flashed her a smile. It was wider and brighter than any he had given her before.
He walked over to her, his wings reigning in behind him to accommodate the room. He took out the needle in her hand, then scooped her up in his arms.
“Caleb...I'm scared of heights.” She said sheepishly.
“Don't worry. I won't let you fall.”
He walked over to the window jumped through it like they were weightless, then they were plummeting towards the ground. She held on to his slender neck so tight that her nails dig into his skin. 
“Caleb!” She yelled in horror. 
With one graceful motion, he beat his wings once, lifting them up into the sky.
 “Sorry, couldn't resist.” He said to her.
 They were gliding along on the wind's current. His wings making an amazing whoosh noise whenever he beat them. Green-fields trailed out below her.
 They flew over skyscrapers, water, fields.
 “This is...out of this world.” She said breathlessly.
 Caleb kissed her neck. His lips trailing heat down her skin. “So are you.”
“Where are we going?” She asked refusing to take her eyes off the land that spanned out beneath her feet.
 Heights had always crippled her but with Caleb's arms around her the only thing she felt was moved.
He had chosen to share this feeling with her. Her.
“You'll see when we land.” He whispered in her ear. 
Her eye-lids felt very heavy. “What about Dominic? Why didn't he just blink us there?” This was altogether better than blinking.
 “He'll find us. We couldn't risk blinking you when you're so weak. It could kill you.” 
Holly remembered blinking. Her whole body felt like it had been split in half. Not a good feeling. “I'm almost glad those Angels attacked me.” She said trying to hold in a yawn. 
“Why?”
Her eyes closed. “Otherwise I wouldn't be here right now. With you.”
§
“Got you're message...” Dominic stopped abruptly.
Caleb was gently setting a sleepy Holly down onto the bed. He covered her with the duvet and kissed her forehead. She let out a contented sigh and snuggled into the covers.
Caleb motioned for Dominic to follow him. They sat on green-metal chairs on the balcony of the bedroom. The French doors open just a crack, so that they could get to Holly quickly if need be.
 They drank in the scene for a while.
The Golden gate bridge outline was just visible in the darking gloom. Row upon row of quaint, brightly coloured houses stretched away in the distance. “Why LA?” Dominic asked Caleb suddenly. “I hate this place. The last time I was here, they tried to burn me alive.”
“Dom that was in 1775, and you did bed the mayor's wife.”
“And daughter.” Dominic added with a grin.
Wherever Dominic went trouble soon followed. LA hadn't been the first city that had tired to lynch Satan's son. 
“ he bricked them up in the attic after that. The murdering swine.” Dominic broke Caleb's thoughts.
“What?”
“The mayor. It was such a waste too. His daughter was the dirtiest...”
“Dom I don't need to know the sordid details of you're sex life.” Caleb said. “I brought Holly here because she's always wanted to see it. She told me the first day I met her.”
“Aw, how romantic.” Dominic mocked.
Caleb rolled his eyes. “Did you have any problems getting away?”
Dominic flashed him a -are-you-serious-glance. “It was like swatting files. I blinked to a few locations before coming here. Knowing you're lot they'll still be chasing their tails next November.”
“Michael wasn't among them?” 
“No. When is he going to show his ugly face? I'm getting sick of dealing with his cronies.”
Caleb looked at him, trying to read him. Even after a millennia he still found Dominic to be  an enigma. “Why did you take so long getting to Holly?” 
Dominic flinched like he'd punched him. “I just wasn't ready for them...”
“Dom I’ve seen you clear battlefields in a few seconds. Something happened that night to throw you off you're game. I need to know it won't happen again.”
“It won't.” He said looking away.
“How can you be so sure?” Caleb asked him. He needed to know that Dominic was investing himself completely in their task. 
When Dominic finally turned back, his eyes were dull, black ambers. “Because I'll only let Holly break my heart once.”
Caleb froze. Holly had told him about them? He tried to reign in his smile. He could only imagine what Dominic was experiencing. If the shoe had been on the other foot, Caleb was sure he wouldn't be taking it so well.
“I'm sorry.” He said simply, meaning it.
Dominic shrugged. “I'm still hoping she'll come to her senses.” He laughed.
Caleb frowned. He knew that their was a connection between Dom and Holly, he also knew that things had gotten hot and heavy. Christopher hadn't been lying, he only had to look at Dominic's face to know it was true; his eyes gave him away.
 Dom had had many conquests over the years, and had bragged about every single one. 
Except Holly.
There was a restrained hunger about Dominic whenever Holly was around. Whatever had happened between them, was their business.
 She was with him now, and Caleb trusted her. But he didn't trust Dominic not to push it when he wasn't around. 
He would have to put his faith in her. 
Lust and desire was a hard thing to fight. But he knew that for his sake Holly would do it.
“So what's the plan?” Dominic asked.
“We wait until Castillo sends word that it's safe to return.” Caleb told him. Glancing back at the French doors. He had thought he heard...Never mind.
“How do you know that he isn’t the one betraying us?”
“Castillo is risking his life for us Dom.” Caleb said turning back to the balcony. “I know who our traitor is. She's being dealt with as we speak.”
Dominic's eyes flashed with fury. “You knew and you didn't tell me!”
“I knew what you would do if I did.” Caleb told him firmly. “She's still an Angel Dom. I can't justify her murder by handing her to you.”
Dominic got up and leaned against the railings. “You didn't see her Caleb...” His tone was barely above a whisper. “When I got to her...I thought she was really hurt.”
Caleb joined him, putting a comforting hand on his shoulder. “But she's fine. Her injuries will have all but healed by tomorrow.”
“What's this master plan you're cooking up then. I assume you can tell me that.”
“It's a shield. If worked properly. It will keep out anyone who seeks to harm Holly.” Caleb said returning to his chair.
“I've heard about them but never seen one. How is it done?”
Caleb focused on the floor. When he had met Castillo a day ago, his boss had warned him not to tell Dominic a thing. But Dom was laying down his own life to help him protect Holly. If she thought Heaven was bad just wait until Hell got started. Dominic was going against the entire Demon nation. Including his father and elder brother. He deserved to be trusted.
“Only The Seraphim can work one. They make it with their very own essence. That's why it's so powerful. But crafting one for an entire town, and phrasing it correctly so that humans can still come and go, is proving to be tricky.”
“Why didn't they do this in the first place?” Dominic demanded. “It would have saved Holly going through all this.”
“Because it's only to be used as a last resort. It weakens The Seraphim, it takes a lot of energy to cast it and even more to retain it. It's pure energy. The last time they tried to craft one three Angels died. But they don't have a choice any-more. Michael has gone rogue. He no longer takes orders from The Seraphim. He has amassed quite a following.”
“How long will this shield last?” Dominic asked quietly.
They were both distracted by Holly's whimpering voice and thrashing movements wafting through the doors. Caleb sighed. “Relax.” He told Dominic quietly. Who's whole body had tensed ready for battle. “It's the nightmares.”
“She's still getting them?”
“Yes. She will continue to receive them until her birthday.”
Dominic averted his eyes. His body relaxed slightly. “So the shield...How long will it hold?”
“It should buy us weeks at least. Not even Michael will be able to cross it. It should hold until Holly turns eighteen.” Caleb knew there was doubt in his voice.
“And the traitor?”
“I handed her over to Castillo. She won't bother us again.”
Dominic's eyes filled with curiosity. “Who was it?”
Caleb let out a heavy breath. “Miss Mills, Holly's history teacher. She has been placed here from the beginning. She has always sympathized with Michael.”
Holly's high pitched scream drove Caleb to his feet. He was by her bed before Dominic could utter another word.
Her body twisted at odd angles underneath the covers. Her back arched off the mattress. Her eyes were pale and cloudy. No pupil could be seen. They were open staring upwards, seeing nothing. Holly's blue lips were moving in silent speech.
Caleb knew straight away that this wasn't a nightmare. This was something else. He heard Dominic suck in his breath behind him. “What's happening to her?” His unsteady voice asked Caleb.
Not answering Caleb crossed over to the bed. He couldn't tell what Holly was saying. “This shouldn't be happening yet...” He stammered. “They're early.”
“What is?” Dominic asked him more firmly. Trying to unlock her stiff body without success.
“Her powers...She's receiving her powers...”Caleb whispered looking at him.
“But her birthday...It's not until another three weeks.” Dominic said ducking  a limb as Holly's body started to convulse violently.
“I know. I've never heard of anyone coming into them sooner...”
“What can we do?” Dominic asked.
“There's nothing we can do.”
They stood back. Horror fastened on their faces. Both utterly useless to help her. 

Outside a storm touched ground.














































Chapter Ten

§

Passion

The window panes rattled in their frames.
Hail pelleted off the almost empty Californian streets. Holly's eyes opened once, twice. She yawned and sat up. Dominic was stretched out across the foot of the bed, sleeping as soundly as a baby. Intrigued, she moved closer. His face was serene, peaceful. She hadn't known Demons slept. 
She felt familiar warmth creep across the bedsheets, thawing the goosebumps on her arms. Caleb was sleeping on the other side of the bed. He was on top of the covers and still had his sweater and jeans on. Guess Angels needed their beauty sleep too. Smiling at them passed out. She got up.
The room emitted a grand presence; it had been wallpapered with gold inlaid foil. Covering the walls were depictions of Heaven and Hell, Demons and Angels, Noah and his boat. 
The four-poster bed she had slept in was huge, last night she had passed out before Caleb had landed. She never in a million years would have imagined staying in a room like this.
She found the en-suite.
 A huge white stand alone tub took up half the room. She locked the door and filled it up,  finding some lavender bubble bath in the cabinet beneath the sink she emptied a quarter of the contents underneath the hot running water. She stripped off the hospital gown and studied her reflection in the full-length, gold framed mirror, that took up half the wall.
Her hair was a mess of frizzy waves. She ran her fingers through it trying to tame it but gave up.  
Her body felt alive, her head felt clearer, her skin smooth and unblemished, not a cut in sight. Her ribs had miraculously mended themselves, leaving nothing but a brown-reddish bruise the size of coin. Caleb's work.
She hoped the owner of the house didn't mind her bathing but she needed to desperately.
 She had been stuck in a hospital bed for two days. 
She washed her hair with shampoo that was on the rim of the bath, there was even lavender soap.
 She didn't know how long she soaked in the water for, but when her skin had shrivelled like a prune's and the water had turned Luke warm, Holly pulled the plug.
She wrapped herself in a towel that just say covered the essentials. Unlocked the door and walked back into the bedroom, expecting to find Caleb and Dominic where she had left them. But to her surprise the bed had been made and Caleb had gone. 
Dominic was sitting in the shadows in a plush armchair across from the bed. The early morning light shined on his face.
 He looked wrecked.
 Black circles had formed underneath his dark eyes.
 She was aware of his gaze on her nearly naked body. Holly didn't know what to do with herself.
 After a few awkward seconds Dominic walked silently over to the red amoire on the north facing wall. He flung open the doors and passed her a red tank top, black, wool jacket , navy jeans and black pumps. 
“Caleb left these for you.” He said without his usual cockiness. He studied her.
“Are you okay?” She asked, instantly regretting the words. Of course he wasn't she had broke his heart. But a part of her hadn't expected him to take it so hard.
“Had a rough night.” He managed a shadow of a smile. “Are you?”
She nodded. “Thanks to Caleb I feel like a new girl. All mended.” Her voice sounded perky and relaxed.
He gave her a odd glance and muttered something under his breath that she couldn't catch. Holly took the offered clothes and gave him – are-you-going-to-give-me-some-privacy-look.
He just grinned. “It's not like I haven't seen it before gorgeous.” 
She glared at him, trying not to blush. When he had made it clear he didn't intend on moving. She marched into the bathroom and shoved on the clothes.
 They fit like a glove.
 Caleb certainly didn't miss anything. She thought with burning cheeks.
“Dominic, where are we?” She asked him when she reappeared, fully clothed.
“LA.” He was still studying her.
A smile broke out on her face. “You're having me on?”
“Go see for yourself.” He pointed towards the balcony. “Just don't fall over the railings.” 
Holly ran onto the balcony. Her breath catching in her throat. “I don't believe...We're really....”
She ran back inside and nearly throttled Dominic when she hugged his neck. “We're in LA!” She shouted barely believing it. She had never left Cherry Falls her entire life, apart from Scotland. 
Dominic laughed. “Told you.”
 His hands grabbed her waist pulling her closer. “Are you really feeling okay?” He asked her. Their foreheads practically touching.
 She swooned in his hands.
 But no she couldn't think about him like this any-more. She loved Caleb.
 She broke away from him, nodding. “Where's Caleb?”
“Right here.” Caleb's voice rang out.
Holly felt her heart sing at the sight of him. He had changed into a blue pull down and brown slacks. He was leaning against the door frame. For the briefest of seconds Holly thought she saw his eyes darken when they settled on them. Dominic's body was still only inches away from hers.
“Who does this house belong to? It's beautiful.” She spilled out quickly. Trying to lighten the tension.
“It's a safe house for Angels.” Caleb answered never taking his eyes off of Dominic's. His voice was stiff.
“Angels need safe houses?” 
Caleb looked at her. The warmth returned in his bright blue eyes. He walked towards as he talked, “It's really for the human charges we protect. When things get a little heavy. This where we bring them.” He kissed the crown of her head. “Good morning. Sleep well?”
Now he was closer she could see that he too, like Dominic, looked a little worse for wear. Worry lines streaked his forehead. His normally bronzed skin looked a shade paler.
“Like a log.” She replied with a smile. She caught Caleb share a glance with Dominic over her shoulder. They did that a lot. 
Caleb took her hand in his. “I hope you're hungry.” He told her with a grin. Holly's stomach grumbled in reply. Caleb laughed. “Follow me.”
He led her down a regal staircase and out into the fresh LA air. 
They walked slowly through the suburban streets. Caleb's arm was wrapped lazily over her shoulders. Dominic followed a few feet behind them. He looked deep in thought. But Holly could only focus on the City around her, gasping and oohing at the sights. 
She felt like a kid in a toy store.
Eventually they stopped at a quaint looking café. They grabbed a table outside and scanned the menu. 
A dark haired waiter with dull green eyes asked to take their order. “Em...I’ll have the day's special with an extra side of pigs in a blanket please.” Holly told him. “And a strawberry milkshake...oh and waffles too.” When she looked up the three men were looking at her, their eyebrows raised.
“What?” She shrugged defensively. “I'm starving.”
“You must have a fast metabolism.” The waiter said to her. “Because they're ain't a thing wrong with that body.” He winked at her. She felt her herself blushing for the hundredth time that morning. 
Dominic glared at him. “Hot chocolate for me.” He said to him slowly. Eyeing him up and down with event-dent disdain. The waiter seemed unaffected by it, a sly smile spread across his thin lips as his eyes swept Holly's face. 
“And for you sir?” He asked Caleb. 
“I'll have the waffles thanks.” Caleb's face and voice showed none of the contempt that Dominic's did. 
“I'll be right back.”
“Dick.” Dominic muttered watching the waiter go. Caleb smiled and quickly turned away. Clearly amused.
“Before I forget Holly.” Caleb passed her her cell. “You're mother wants you to call her. Now would be a good time.”
Holly took the phone. “I'll just be a second.” She headed inside to the ladies room. She leaned against the sink. There was numerous missed calls from her parents, and six texts from Ricky and Jo. 

 ARE U OK?
WHAT IS IT WITH U AND DANGER!
U SEEM TO ATTRACT IT LIKE A MAGNET LATELY!
TXT ME!”

Holly found herself wishing Jo was here. Part of her wanted to spill everything, but Caleb had warned her against it. The less they knew the better for them. She sighed and typed:

DON'T WORRY I'M FINE.
SEE U WHEN I GET BACK.
REALLY DON'T WORRY!

Holly sent it. She didn't know if Jo knew she had left the hospital but knowing her friend, like she did, it wouldn't be long. She didn't want her to worry. After Holly strangely wasn't. After being crippled with fear for the past few days, worrying about what all this meant. She found herself feeling foreignly...happy.
 She was with Caleb in LA, what was there to worry about. She was safe.
She jumped when the cell rang in her hand.
“Oh thank god! I've been calling you non stop all night. Are you okay?” Her mother's anxious voice yelled down the line.
“I'm fine mum. I was really tired last night. Sorry.”
“Where are you? How are you feeling?”
“LA. Caleb took me to a safe house, he healed me. Mum really don't worry about me. I'm safe.”
She heard her mother sigh with relief. “I know. I'm sure Caleb's taking good care of you.” She sounded funny. “We shouldn't stay on too long. But promise you'll call me later?”
“I promise. Love you mum.” 
“And I love you. Never forgot that.”
She hung up. 
Standing in alone in the girl’s bathroom Holly shivered. Her mother didn't sound right. Especially when she mentioned Caleb. Trying to put it from her mind she went back to her table.
On the way there she passed their waiter. He smiled at her. “I know the guy back there, the one with the rock god complex, is probably your man. But just in case things don't work out here's my number.” He slipped a white bit of paper in her hand. “Call me sometime. I'll promise I'll show you a good time.”
Holly was speechless. She fumbled back to their table.
“Is that dick bothering you?” Dominic asked her when she sat down. His temper flaring. 
“What? No.” She said distractedly. Still trying to get over the phone call with her mother. She knew that something was off. Very off.
He slumped back in his chair. “Shame. I'd love to wrap him around a lamp post...”
“Are you okay?” Caleb leaned in. Ignoring Dominic who was still listing the things that he would like to do to their waiter. Holly heard him say something about a pitch fork and testicles.
“Yeah. My mum just sounded...strange.” She told him quietly.
“You know I haven't done a good flaying in ages...”Dominic went on.
“She's just worried about you. That's all.” Caleb told her reassuringly.
Holly nodded. But the food in front of her seemed suddenly unappetising. Caleb was probably right. That was all it was. But she couldn't shake the the feeling that it was more than that. Her mother had always liked Caleb. Being that they once were part of God's family. So then why had her mother's voice changed pitch when she said his name?
“Or maybe burned alive would be better...”
“Dom!” Caleb's voice held a warning.
“What? I can't help it. It's my nature.” He looked at Holly. His voice softened. “You not touching you're food princess?”
“I've lost my appetite.” 
Dominic jumped to his feet. “I'll settle the bill then.” He said rather too happily. Caleb sighed and got to his feet. “Not so fast. Stay with Holly, and I’ll pay the bill.”  
Dominic watched him go with narrowed eyes. “He never lets me have any fun.”
His face softened when he looked at Holly. “Come on princess. This is supposed to be a fun trip. I know you picked the against-fun Angel with a stick up his ass but you could at least try to act like you made the right choice. If only for his sake.” He joked.
Holly tried to smile. “Were you really going to flay that guy just because he hit on me?”
“Nah. Just maybe castrate him.” He said seriously.
Holly knew he meant it.
§
After leaving the café. Dominic made an excuse and left them alone. She didn't know whether he did this for their sake or if he just had better things to do, then follow them around LA like a third wheel.

Caleb did his best to lighten her mood. He showed her nearly every single landmark the city had. By the time night descended she was dead on her feet, but blissfully happy.
She thought they were heading back to the safe house until he pulled her into some dense foliage beside an abandoned factory. 
“What are you doing?” She asked.
He answered her with a tender kiss. 
Holly melted into his arms unable to resist. He laid a hand in the small of her back and pushed her closer against him.
Excited by this sudden turn of events her hands groped his hard body.
“Close you're eyes.” He whispered.
She did as he asked.
Seconds later his arms held her waist as her feet left the ground, she heard the familiar whoosh as Caleb's wings lifted them higher into the starry sky. Keeping her eyes closed Holly locked her hands behind his neck.
Cold air breezed across her face.
“Open them.” He said gently.
She did slowly, letting out a breath. “Whoa.”
They were suspended in the evening sky. His wings spanned out treading sky keeping them in this position.
She looked down at her feet.
The Golden Gate Bridge was lit up below them. Cars appearing as little dots hurried across it's dark surface. 
“It's...Beautiful.” She whispered. Tears of pure joy running down her cheeks. She lay her head on his bare chest. 
“I saved the best till last.” He told her. His voice wasn't it's old calm self. She felt his whole body stiffen. 
His heart was hammering through his chest. Holly's own heart mirrored it. “I love you Caleb.” She told him, looking up. 
Something snapped in his eyes.  As they gaze met. The blue aura she had seen around him in Scotland returned. 
He scooped her up into his arms. His wings beat furiously as they dashed through the sky. Everything around her blurred. They were moving at break neck speed. 
Caleb touched down on the bedroom balcony. Retracting his wings. Not concealing them like he normally did but narrowed them along his spine.
He carried her inside, smothering her in a thousand kisses.
Caleb dropped Holly lightly onto the four poster bed. She kicked off her pumps. 
He kissed her fingers as he unbuttoned her jacket. She slipped out of it, her heart beating so fast she thought it would burst.
He lifted her up on to him, her legs fastened around his waist. Holly's arms locked around his neck kissing his chest, his collarbone, his jawline that looked so perfect it could have been  chiselled out of rock. 
“What about the glory thing?” She asked breathlessly.
He held her hips and lowered her back onto the  bed in response. He kissed her neck, she shivered with delight as she felt his tongue against her skin. His fingers slid down the straps of her tank top making her skin come alive with electricity. 
Her finger tips dug into his skin, breaking the surface, he let out a pleasured groan. 
His wings that was the only source of light in the room spanned out and covered their writhing bodies. 
Holly moaned in expectation when his hands went south. He undid her buttons slowly watching her face. 
Caleb's hands slid them down her legs until  she could kick out of them. 
“Caleb...please.” She begged him. Her skin felt on fire, her chest moved rapidly, her breath shallow. 
Her glistening eyes pleaded with his own. She knew he understood what she was asking of him. They had never made it this far before. 
She let out a high pitched moan and threw her head back as his fingers brushed aside her damp panties.
Her voice called out his name as passion over came him. His fingertips roamed inside her.
She gripped the sheets in her fists, her moans becoming furious high pitched screams as he worked her body. 
Their tongues met as she orgasmed.  
§
Caleb lay in the dark.
Holly's body was curled around his own; her head on his chest, her arm spread across his torso, her legs intertwined with his own.
He let out a breath. He had managed to contain his glory from spilling out. He had took her further than he ever had. He seemed to have satisfied her, but his own passion was far from slaked. 
He wanted her to have more than just his touch, his lips. He wanted to give himself completely. But the second he allowed it to happen, he would lose his wings. He would be mortal. And that was the last thing Holly needed right now. She needed protecting. She needed him to be strong. 
But he knew that he couldn't do it much longer. His resolve was failing.
 His desire for her was the one thing he couldn't control.
§
Holly's cell ringing out woke them.
“Argh!” Holly murmured, tossing on her back. Her arm scrabbling about for her phone.
“Hello!”
“Are you okay? You didn't call!”
“Mum...” Holly checked the time on the cell. “It's three in the morning.”
“But you didn't call!” Her mother's voice shrilled louder.
Holly held the phone away from her ear.
“I'm sorry. I must have forgot.” She said.
“Forgot! What are you getting up to there?”
Holly's whole body flushed. She glanced at Caleb, who was still half naked and in her bed. She forced herself to breathe.
“Oh just...hanging out.” Holly grimaced at the bad lie.
“Well you're coming home this morning. I've just been told. We'll expect you for breakfast.” Her mother hung up.
“I'm going home?” She asked Caleb a bit disappointed.
He shrugged his shoulders. “First I've heard of it.”
“Well that's because you've been locked away in here, banging Holly.” Dominic appeared in the armchair, moonlight lighting up his face.
“Jeez Dom!” Holly cried out. Wrapping the covers around her. Apart from her flimsy tank top she was naked. “Have you heard of knocking.”
He grinned. “I didn't know you would be in such...a compromising position. Did I?” Dominic darted a dark glance Caleb's way. Who was staring up at the ceiling, his jaw tight.

“Can you give us a minute Dom.” Caleb said quietly. 
Dominic headed towards the balcony. “We need to talk.” He shot at Caleb before leaving.
Caleb sighed. He pulled Holly to him and they snuggled close. Their bodies touching. His hand rested on her thigh. “I wish we could stay here like this forever.” She said. 
He looked into her eyes. “Really?”
She studied him close. After a few seconds she straddled his lap. Their mouths inches away. “Unless you haven't noticed Caleb Williams I'm Jones-ing for you bad.”
He grabbed her hair lightly and brought her lips down on his. His hand rested on her bottom, squeezing it. A contented sigh escaped her lips. Underneath her she felt him stiffen. “Ready to go again?” She whispered in his ear. 
Dominic knocked on the glass. “Sorry princess. Time's up.” He called.
“Damn him and his supernatural hearing.” Holly yelled.
Caleb rolled her onto her back. “You should get some rest.” He gave her a peck on the lips, then walked to the French doors. Before he slipped through them, Holly glimpsed his face. His eyes were burning sapphires. 
§
“What the hell are you thinking Caleb?” Dominic hissed trying to keep his tone low so Holly wouldn't overhear. 
Caleb's chest was heaving. He closed his eyes and willed his breathing to slow. “I still have my wings Dom.” He said quietly.
“But if I haven't interrupted you, you would be mortal right now.” 
Caleb glared at him. His temper rising. “Is it concern you're feeling or jealously?”
Dominic's eyes darkened. “Don't play that with me Angel.” He spat. “You're no good to any-one without you're wings. Not that I couldn't run this show by myself of course, but having you here makes it more entertaining.” 
Caleb looked away. Forcing himself not to raise to the bait. “Why are you here? We agreed you take over at sunrise.”
“I killed two Angels not a million miles away, less than ten seconds ago. They know Holly's here.”
“Seems you're trick didn't work as well as you thought.” Caleb said tightly. 
“So it seems.” Dominic replied.
“I have to meet with Castillo in an hour. The shield maybe ready. I need you take Holly somewhere safe. I'll find you when I'm done.”
Dominic nodded. “Wait here till she's decent.” Caleb added. 
He watched Caleb enter the bedroom. “Fun killer.” He muttered.  
§

The bed was empty.
 Caleb heard water erupt from the shower head in the bathroom. He paused to knock but thought better of it. 
Steam fogged up the little room. From behind the tinted glass Caleb could trace the outline of Holly's naked body with his hungry eyes. 
He tapped on the glass. He saw the pleasant surprise on her face. She slid back the door and grabbed his hand, catching him off guard Caleb stumbled into the hot water cascading from above. 
“Holly, I have to...”
Her lips killed off his words. 
Involuntary his body reacted. 
Her skin was slippery and glistening with water under his touch. It ran down her face and neck. 
He should leave now.
Dominic was right. He was of no use to her without his wings. So why wouldn't his body obey him?
Before he had regained his senses she had lowered his soggy slacks. They fell down into the puddle of water swirling around on the floor of the shower.
She slid both of her hands into his white fronts. She fondled him gently then more hurriedly. He felt sweet tension building up inside of him. 
Showing more control then he possessed,he backed her up against the wall of the shower, he held her hands above her head with only one of his own. 
“Was I doing it wrong?” She asked him.
God no. He wanted to tell her. Instead he slipped his tongue in her mouth. A moan escaped her throat. 
 His other hand groped it's way down her body, he parted her legs with his own. His fingers slipped again inside of her.
This time he was urgent, more forceful, he could hear her screams muffled by his mouth on top of hers. 
Pleasure racked her body, making her tremble against him. 
“Oh god...harder.” She told him.
He obeyed.
She was screaming out his name repeatedly.
He felt her body shake then relax. He released her hands and she drooped against him, gasping for air.
“You good for now?” He joked quietly. 
She laughed. “You are...amazing.” She said panting.
“You do realize you say that out-loud right?”
“I really shouldn't, should I?” She asked him amused.
“I love you Holly Adams.” He whispered. “But I really have to go.”
She leaned her head back on the shower wall. “But not for long right?”
“An hour if that. Get dressed and Dominic will blink you somewhere safe ,until I come get you.”
“Okay.”
He made to leave but she called his name.
“Be careful.” She told him soberingly.
§
By the time her bare feet padded the carpet looking for her clothes, Caleb had gone.
She wished she had asked him where he was going, but her mind had been focused on...other things at the time.
She sat down on the bed while pulling on her jeans. She glowed at the memory of Caleb taking them off.  This night had been the best of her life.
He didn't make her body feel what Dominic had. Caleb was more...restrained. But that romp in the shower had been hot. 
“Looking for these?” Dominic's voice penetrated the gloom of the room. The chandelier above her head burst into light. She averted her eyes. When they had adjusted she saw Dominic holding her pumps. 
She shrugged on her jacket and went to retrieve them. “Where are we going?”
“Germany. Come on Holly hand! We don't have much time.”
She retrieved her cell then clasped his hand. Holding it tightly so that she didn't lose her grip.
The scene shimmered like it had done in Scotland. The darkness came followed by the ripping pain. Then she was standing in a dense forest full of pine trees.
Her stomach lurched and she stumbled to the nearest tree truck, vomiting violently. Dominic held her still wet hair out of her face.
“Better out than in.” He mused.
She sank to the ground holding her twisting stomach. “I'll take flying any-day of the week.”
“Wings are safer but slower.” Dominic said flashing her a wicked grin. She knew what it implied.
He sat down opposite her on a felled stump. He took a silver flask out of his leather jackets inside pocket. “So how's it going with Caleb? How longs it been four days?” There was a mocking tone to his voice.
“Cut it out Dominic.” She told him.
He unscrewed the top and took a gulp then offered it to her. “No thanks.”
“Come on Holly. We have an hour to kill, we have to talk about something. Unless you'd rather roll around in the mud with me?”
She gave him a sharp glare. “What did I ever see in you?” She asked. Knowing full well the answer.
“My sparkling personality.” He joked. “Or just my big...”
“Dom!” Holly didn't want him to finish the sentence.
“Smile.” He mused. “Jeez get you're mind out the gutter Holly.” He teased. She couldn't help but smile.
“So I guess, judging by the amount of noise you two were making in the shower, things are going well.”
“You were listening?” Holly asked him, mouth wide open.
He laughed. “It's not like I was peeping. You were pretty loud.”
“Pig!”
He stopped laughing. “That's not an answer.”
“Fine. Yes things are good.” Holly said flushing. Good was an understatement. Then her mind crept back to the shower, where Caleb had stopped her from...pleasuring him. He seemed to be holding back, and she wanted to know why.
“Dom...”
“Yeah.”
She hesitated. Should she tell him? It was kind of private. But she felt too abashed to bring it up with Caleb, and who else could she ask? Her mother would freak, and Jo would want details. Holly was seriously lacking in bedroom experience to answer it herself. Was Caleb nervous? Or was it something else? Dominic had a millennia of knowledge under his belt...literally. He would know if she was doing something wrong.
“That night we...” She trailed off. This was embarrassing.
A grin spread on his face. “You mean when you let me finger-fuck you.” He mused.
“Do you have to be so crude.” She glared at him. “Just forget it...”
“Oh okay, I apologize. That was...rude of me. Carry on.” He took another swing of his flask while he waited for her to continue.
“Was I not good?” She blushed violently. “I mean I know it was my first time but still...”
He seemed surprised by the question.
 He thought about it for a second.
 “I've had worse.” He finally said. “I mean it was you're first...encounter.” He quickly added when he saw the dismay on her face. “You made the right moves, but it would have been so much hotter if you hadn't stopped me...both times. You can't drive a guy crazy then put on the brakes Holly.”
“Caleb...” She looked around, searching for the right words.
“Let me guess.” Dominic grinned. “He won't go all the way.”
Holly nodded. “Maybe I don't turn him on enough...”
“Holly you're not the problem. You're body was made to please men. It 's Caleb.”
 She was ready to slap him, but when she looked at him his dark eyes were serious. Not mocking.
“There's places where Angels just...can't go. And that's one of them.” 
“What do you mean?”
A twig snapped some distance off in the forest. Dominic tensed, then relaxed.
 He downed the rest of his flask. “Finally. I've been aching for a good brawl.” 
He tossed the empty flask to Holly. “I hope you're ready to rumble princess.”
“Huh?” Holly said, getting to her feet. 
“Whatever you do don't lose that flask. It's my lucky charm.”
He faced in the direction of the snapped twig. Flexing his muscles. Preparing.
 Holly felt fear swell up inside her. Fear that gave way to pure terror.
Figures appeared through the thin mist. She counted a dozen, walking towards them.
“Shouldn't we be hiding?” She asked Dominic.
“Where's the fun in that?” He replied. She looked at him like he'd gone crazy.
A man had broke away from the rest. He looked tall and slender, his wings were a deep sliver and much bigger than Caleb's. They drew out from his body cutting through the stale air.
He stopped a few yards from Dominic.  Holly gasped they were surrounded by a dozen Angels. All who looked intent on ripping them to pieces.
“Hello Michael.” Caleb's voice echoed through the forest. He brushed her shoulder as he came from behind her looking calm and collected.
“Hello brother.” Michael answered. He watched Caleb stand beside Dominic.
“Let's make this quick. Hand over the girl and I'll let you two walk. I promise I'll give her a clean death. Quick and painless. Refuse and you will all die here today.” His voice was flat, dead. A shiver ran through Holly. 
Caleb looked at Dominic a moment, who flinched then nodded in silent reply to a question that hadn't been spoken.
Caleb actually walked closer to Michael. Holly ran to tug him back but Dominic held her to him.
 “What are you doing?” She threw at him. 
Why were they all so calm? They were greatly outnumbered, and Holly had a dreaded feeling that Michael out-gunned Caleb and Dominic.
“Leave now.” Caleb told Michael quietly. “Or it will be you who dies today.”
Michael laughed. His echo booming around the forest. “You think you can challenge me? You're just a guardian. You're beneath me.” He spat at him.
Caleb nodded. “Yes I am.” he admitted. “You're right if we fight today, me and Dominic will most likely die by you're hand. But there's something even you fail to see Michael.
 There's one thing more powerful then you here today.”
For the first time Holly saw doubt flash in Michael's grey eyes. He glanced around, then crossed his arms. “And what's that? Castillo?” He said unafraid.
“No. Holly.” Caleb said.
She gasped. What was he doing? Holly couldn't hurt Michael she was human. Michael was an Archangel! What was he saying? The earth started to spin. 
For the first time all attention was on Holly. She could feel their eyes on her. She heard Michael laugh again. 
“Stay with me Holly.” Dominic whispered to her. As she swayed unsteadily in his arms.
Michael looked past Caleb. “She is little more than an ant without her powers. And she has not yet received them.”
Now it was Caleb who laughed. “Pride comes before a fall brother. That's you're one weakness; you think your so much cleverer than the rest of us.”
Michael's wings branched at the insult. “How dare you...”
“Dominic now.” Caleb shouted.
He turned to her. For the first time he looked genuinely frightened. “Please don't fight me.” He said to her pleadingly. “I promise this inst me getting cheap thrills.”
Before she could say a word his lips came down on hers hard. Holly tried to push him off but her strength abandoned her. 
Now wasn't really the time for this! Why wasn't Caleb dragging him off her?
His lips traced kisses to ear. “Give in Holly please!” He whispered urgently.
 She heard a commotion break out but it sounded so faraway. Her head swam as Dominic kept kissing her. 
She couldn't breathe. 
His hands were on her body feeling every bit of her.
“Stop.” She whispered. 
But his lips only pressed harder. His hands moved underneath her clothes, touching very intimate places. She felt the old familiar tug of her insides as her desire for him flickered, like a candle in the wind.
 “I love you Holly.” He said softly as his hands pressed her further into him. 
The commotion sounded closer now. But still Holly could not pry herself away from Dominic's seductive embrace. 
She felt burning hot flames shoot through her. The ground around her feet started to quake. 
Dominic stepped back. Amazement on his face.
The forest was eerily quiet.
Holly felt a foreign force take over. It burned her insides as it flushed through her system. Her head drooped and her shoulders sagged.
“Holly?...” Caleb called her name from somewhere close. But she didn't look up. Her fingers tingled with needles and pins. She flexed them irritatingly.
“What are game are you playing Caleb?” She heard Michael ask him. His flat voice had come alive with concern.
Michael. The name flashed through her mind till it was all she could think. His name was chanted by a thousands voices until it was stamped on her very core. His name ignited a cold, dark thing deep In her belly. It slithered upwards gathering momentum. 
This was all because of him.
He had sent Angels to kill her. Hurt her loved ones.
Hurt Caleb!
She was cold, tired, and hungry, all she wanted was to go home but she couldn't because of him!
Suddenly hot searing flames expelled from Holly. They seemed to flow out of her pores. They wrapped around the Angels like tendrils. Screams of terror filled the forest. As flames seared through their clothes, skin and wings. 
As the heat intensified Holly was lurched off her feet. Caleb stared as her body lay suspended in the air.
The Angels retreated, taking to the sky.
Slowly the flames turned from a hot reddy-orange to blue then faded. 
Dominic caught Holly before she hit the ground.
Chapter Eleven

§

Torment

Holly bolted up to a sitting position.
“What the hell was that?”
“Whoa, slow down girl. That was some powerful magic. You should lay down for a while.”
Holly shrugged off Dominic's arm. She felt fine, just a little shaky. She climbed to her feet, then stumbled. Caleb steadied her and lowered Holly back onto the forest floor.
“Dom's right Holly. You need to rest.”
Damn resting! She wanted answers. “Magic?” She snapped at them.
Caleb sat down next to her. “Yes. You just chased off the fiercest Archangel in Heaven.” He smiled at her, his eyes full of pride.
“Shame You didn't kill him.” Dominic murmured. Leaning  against a fallen tree. It had soot marks on it's trunk.
“But I'm not eighteen yet. I shouldn't have any magic yet! Should I?” Her tone had raised a few decibels.
“Traditionally no you shouldn't.” Caleb told her soothingly. “But you came into them last night. Not even Heaven knows why.”
“Last night?” Holly asked. Mouth agape.
“Yes, kept us up all night with you're screaming and fitting.” Dominic said matter-of-factly.
“I didn't know...” That's why they both looked wrecked this morning. But she hadn't felt a thing, or at least couldn't remember feeling it.
“It puts you into a kind of trance.” Caleb explained. “You don't hear anything, or see anything. You don't even feel it.”
“Which is a good thing trust me.” Dominic told her. “the sounds you're body made as the bones cracked...”
“Dom!” Caleb called, looking at him in anger.
“So I'm a witch now?” Tears fell from her eyes. Things had just got real.
“Yes.”
Holly got to her feet. “Why'd you let him kiss me?” She hurled at Caleb.
Dominic tried to hide his grin.
“When I met with Castillo he told me Michael was planning on ambushing you. He'd been tracking Dominic for a while. I just got here seconds after they did. You were our only chance  of getting out of it alive.”
“So why'd he kiss me?” Holly yelled barely able to control her anger.
“When you're practised. You can command you're power at will. But with it being you're first time it needed to be coaxed out. And with you're power being tied to you're emotions I knew Dominic could bring it out of you. Desire is a strong emotion.” Caleb's voice sounded hurt.
“You think I desire him more than you. You could have just...”
“I couldn't Holly. Dom had to push you pretty hard. If I'd been the one to do it. I might have not have been able to stop myself...The passion it would have took... would have destroyed us both.”
“This is to do with you're glory thing again doesn't it?”
He nodded. “I'm learning to control it around you. But I couldn't trust myself...”
Holly let out a big breath. “but I felt hate not....”She trailed off not wanting to hurt Caleb.
“I just got the ball rolling.” Dominic finally said. He had been watching her intently. “You channelled the...emotion I gave you and turned it into raw hate. You could say my desire fuelled you're hatred of Michael.”
She looked away from both of them. She didn't like her feelings being manipulated like this. Even if if did just save their lives. Dominic had brought her feelings for him back to the surface. She had spent all this time burying them. He had guided her to the edge and had thrown her off. As if reading her mind Caleb came to her.
“Holly if there had been any other way...”
She hugged him tightly to her. It had hurt Caleb almost as much as it had hurt her. Seeing Dominic kiss her, knowing that he couldn't trust himself enough to be the one to have brought out her powers, it was killing him. She just had to look in his eyes to see that. 
“How did Castillo know?” Dominic suddenly asked.
Caleb kept his eyes on Holly. “Heaven has it's spies too.”
Dominic muttered something she couldn't catch. But Caleb must have because he said, “not this again.”
Dominic tossed him a sideways glare.
“The shields up. It's time to take Holly home.” Caleb interjected quickly before Dominic could say any more on the subject of Castillo.
“Shield?” Holly asked. Looking up at him.
“It's a forcefield really. It will stop any-one from getting to you. You'll be safe. Michael can't cross.”
Before Holly could ask any more questions Caleb drew away from her. Dominic took his place. “Hold on tight.” He said to her grinning.
Once again the scene shimmered then disappeared in darkness. But this time the ripping pain was twice as bad. It felt like someone was trying to split her body into two separate half’s with a meat cleaver.
As soon as her feet touched solid ground, She vomited. She wiped her mouth on the sleeve of her jacket. Her head was spinning. “I don't feel so good...” She muttered.
Dominic helped to her feet. “Yeah we should probably lay off with the blinking for a while. Twice in close succession is more than you can handle.” She realized they had landed in the same field as before. Holly glanced around still feeling the after effects of blinking. She was missing something.
“Where's Caleb?”
Dominic avoided her gaze. “He's got stuff to...check up on. Don't worry he'll see you tonight. When you've settled in.”
For a Prince of Darkness he was a very bad liar.
“Well we better go. My Mom will be waiting.” She started off but stopped, turning back.
“Me showing up at you're house is the last thing you  need. I am still a Demon.” He moved closer. “I'll watch till you enter the town' line. After that the shield will protect you.”
“Are you...” Holly couldn't bring herself to say it. 
As if reading her mind he kissed her forehead. “Taking a well earned break. I'll still be around. But you don't need us twenty four seven any-more. You have the shield. Now get going.” He pushed her gently away. Holly didn't trust this shield thing. She trusted Dominic and Caleb. She needed them around. One look in Dominic's dark eyes told her he felt the same. He was finding it as hard as her to walk away. Not for good, but for awhile at least.
For the past few weeks the three of them had been a...unit.
He slapped her backside. “Holly I have a very hot date with a horny blonde that I'm already ten minutes late for. Get that sexy ass of yours moving.”
She started to walk towards the fence. He had a date? With a blonde? Holly found herself wondering who that blonde could be. Was he messing with her? Knowing Dominic most likely. 
She climbed over the battered wooden fence, catching a glimpse of him as she did. He winked at her then disappeared.
For the first time in a while, Holly found herself completely and utterly alone. She knew Caleb and Dominic were due some R&R after watching her round the clock. 
But she felt...abandoned.
 Even if she hadn't seen them Holly had known that they were still watching.
Now she couldn't feel them at all.
She trudged home. 
Jo, Ricky and her parents met her at the door. 
They hugged, kissed and questioned her at the same time. Then guided her along the passage to the kitchen where breakfast was waiting.
It felt so good to be in their company again.  Holly glanced at the calendar, that hung on a hook on the kitchen wall. It was Sunday the 2nd of December. Where had the time gone?
After breakfast Ricky and Jo followed Holly upstairs to her bedroom.
Holly flung herself on her bed. It felt so good to be in her bed again. Jo shut the door firmly then turned to her, eyes wide. “Spill it.” 
“Spill what?” Holly asked her.
“You think we're buying the-Holly-went-to-her-aunts-story. You're parents have been selling?”
Holly looked at Ricky. “It's a bit lame. You don't even have a aunt.”
Holly sighed. It killed her to keep secrets from her best friends. It would be nice to have someone besides Angels and Demons to share this with.
“Why are phys-co’s posing as police officers trying to kill you?” Jo asked her. Her expression hungry for gossip.
“How did you know they were dressed as police officers?” Holly didn't know how much Jo and Ricky had been told.
“Are you kidding me?” Ricky exclaimed. “The whole town knows. “The county sheriff was all over you're house with forensics. But they haven't found the perp's yet.”
Holly knew no one ever would. Dominic had killed them both and she didn't want to know what he had done with their bodies.
“It's Dominic inst it?” Jo insisted ignoring Ricky. “His in a gang right? And a rival gang came for you to get to Dominic. I'm right aren’t I ? Same as the boy that attacked us at school. That's why everything's being hushed up...” She stopped when another thought hit. “Oh My God! Holly are you in witness protection!”
Holly bit her lip to stop from laughing. Still it was plausible, except the witness protection bit.
“You're right.” She said. “That's what's been going on. I wanted to tell you guys but I didn't want to put you in danger.” It wasn't far off the truth Holly tried to tell herself. Jo wouldn't give up until she had an explanation. And Dominic was in a gang. Hell's gang.
“I knew he was shifty.” Ricky said. 
“Yeah right bug-breath.” Jo threw at him. She crossed to the bed and dropped down on it next to Holly. “This is so exciting. Bout time something happened in Cherry Falls. You guys are like star-crossed lovers.” She sighed. “It's so romantic.”
“Jo I'm not with Dominic.”
“Then why would the gang come after you?” Ricky asked perplexed.
“Because dumb-ass. Dominic's into her. Why aren't you together?” She said turning back to Holly. “It's not because of me is it?” 
Holly got up to a sitting position, drawing her legs under her. “Because I'm with Caleb.”
She felt heat cling to her face as she said it.
“Didn't see that coming.” Ricky said.
“Wow...” Jo trailed off looking dreamy. “I wish my love life was as busy as yours. What does you're parents think? I mean Caleb's you're first real boyfriend.”
“They don't know. And that is the way I would like it to stay.” She added, looking specifically at Jo.
“Caleb's a sweetie. His parent material unlike Dominic.” Jo said casually.
Holly remembered her mother's strained voice, when they had talked about Caleb. Holly didn't understand it. Jo was right, Caleb was the kind of guy parents loved. So then why'd she get the feeling that her mother wasn't fond of Caleb as she had been.
“So you wanna hang out Holly? We could watch a movie?” Ricky asked her.
Holly beamed at him. That was what exactly what she needed. bud-time. Ten minutes later they were all snuggled on Holly's bed munching popcorn and watching tv.
Eleven hours later Holly lay in bed.
Jo and Ricky had long gone, leaving her with so alone time with her parents. They had gone to Main street to do some Christmas shopping.
On the way home they had driven past the park where Caleb had held Holly in his arms, after the first Angel attacked her. It seemed like years ago. A lot had happened since then.
 Her heart ached at the memory of his embrace, she was missing Caleb already.
A soft tap brought Holly tumbling back to the present.
“Hello dear.” Her mother walked in. She fussed with Holly's sheets. “I'm so glad you're home.” Her voice was warm but there was a strange tone underlying it. She had something on her mind.
“What's wrong?”
Her mother sighed. “I've never wanted this life for you Holly.”
She sat up and hugged her mother tightly. “I know. But it's that not bad being magically gifted.” She joked lightly.
 Her mother tensed. “Holly I mean you and Caleb.”
She felt like she'd been kicked in the stomach. “What? How'd you...”
“On come on Holly. I've seen the way he looks at you, and you at him. But you're from two different worlds Holly. It can't work.”
She pulled away from her mother. She couldn't believe what she was hearing. “You and Dad did.”
“That's different. I wasn't his Guardian Angel. You and Caleb share a deeper connection  because he is  you're Guardian. I don't know what he's thinking...But it has to stop. It won't end well, and I don't want you to go through the pain of losing him.”
“Mom, what are you not telling me?”
Her mother backed off the bed, before she left she glanced back at Holly. Her eyes were wet with tears. “He'll break you're heart Holly. He doesn't have a choice.” 
Her mother's words left Holly with a haunted feeling.
Why would her relationship Caleb not work? Sure he was An Angel but so what? They loved each other. It would work Holly told herself stubbornly, they would make it work. 
Where was he anyway?
Holly awoke with a start.
She must have dozed off. Wind bristled through her open window fluttering the curtains.
An icy chill hit her. She had locked it before she went to bed, she knew she had.
A warmth spread through her, chasing away the cold.
Caleb!
He detached himself from the shadows of her room. 
Her heart drummed loudly at the sight of him. She kicked back her covers and met him halfway, sinking into his familiar embrace. 
He pulled away far too quickly and sat down on the bed. She knelled beside him taking his hand in hers.
“Where're you been?” She asked him.
He took a moment before he answered her. His eyes pinned on the wall.
“I have to go away for a while.” He said eventually. His tone was low.
“What? Why?” She asked in disbelief.
He got to his feet. “Because I've been ordered to. You're safe...for the time being. You don't need me.”
She scrambled to her feet, turning him forcefully, so that he faced her. “Of course I need you. I love you.”
His eyes softened. “It's just for a while. Heaven has assigned me...other duties.”
“But...”She stammered trying to find words. Any words. Why was he doing this to her? Did he really not know how much she did need him. “You're my Guardian Angel.” She poured out.
“Holly at this moment in time...you're body doesn't need guarding. Nothing can get past that shield. You're safe.” His hands held her face, making her focus on him.
“That's what they said last time. Right before two Angels disguised as Police tried to murder me in my own home!” Her voice was raised reflecting the panic that surged inside. “I don't trust them.”
“That's why Dominic will be around, if you need help go to him.” His voice was tense.
“Why can't you stay?” She asked in a hurt voice.
“Because...” His head went down. When he looked at her again his eyes were hard almost cold. “They're are other souls in need of guiding Holly.”
Her breath caught in her throat. He was going to be some-else's Guardian! Was it a girl? Was she pretty? She flopped back on the bed, tears welling in her eyes at the thought of him sharing the connection they had with someone else. Was she being selfish? Surely she should have known that Caleb wasn't just guarding her.
Is this what her mother meant? That Guardians weren’t exclusive. That Caleb would fall for another of his charges. Guardians did share every moment of you're life. They could feel you, sense you, it was a very personal, intimate thing. They knew every part of you, probably better then you did yourself.
And Caleb was going to be sharing that with someone else.
Reading the pain in her eyes Caleb held her to him. He lifted her head up so that she was looking up at him. “I will always love you, and only you Holly. Forever. Never forget that.”
“When do you have to go?” She asked. The corners of his mouth curved upwards in a sly smile, that reminded her suddenly of Dominic. A dozen butterflies fluttered in her stomach as she saw his eyes flicker towards the bed. She was consciously aware that she only had on a flimsy camisole top and short-like panties. 
Her pale skin gleamed in the moonlight as Caleb's jacket fell to the floor.
§
Holly's alarm clock woke her up, to the sound of Cock-A-Doddle-Doo.
She reached an arm out and slapped around the bed-side table till she found her target, lovely  silence reigned. 
Her hand patted the sheets next to her, only to find air. She turned her face and saw a white piece of card propped up on the pillow where only hours before Caleb's gorgeous head had been.
Letting out a sigh of disappointment. She flipped on her back before reading the card.

Save the last dance at you're birthday party for me.
I am forever yours.
Caleb.

A broad smile spread across her lips. 
“Holly?” Her Mother's voice yelled from downstairs.
“I'm up Mom!” She yelled back. Holly dragged herself out of bed with a groan.
She showered, dressed then hurried to meet Jo and Ricky.
“No Caleb?” Ricky asked as they reached the school's entrance.
Holly's heart physically hurt. Her birthday wasn't for another three weeks. Surely Caleb would come back before then. Right?
“That's Caleb for you. Never around when you need him.” Holly froze at the sound of Dominic's voice. She looked up and a flash of pleasure rippled through her.
“Hello princess.” He grinned at her. She practically threw herself in his arms. It felt so good to see him. He felt like home. 
“How did you're date go?” She mused.
His grin grew. “South.” He winked at her.
She caught Jo give Ricky a quick glance over her shoulder. 
“Hey Dominic.” Jo said coming around Holly.
He sighed. “Really Jo I know you can't keep yourself away, but will you show some self control. I don't like being mentally undressed.” He joked.
“Play you're cards right.” She winked. “And I might undress you for real.”
Holly saw his eyes linger on Jo as she walked past, “can't believe I turned that down.” He muttered watching her leave.
A stab of jealously hit Holly, she must have showed it because a wicked grin played on his lips for a second. “Regretting you're decision?” 
She was tired of being played like a fiddle by him. He knew exactly how to press her buttons. She thought she would return the favour.
She grabbed his black, belt buckle pulling him closer to her. She saw the surprise in his eyes as her lips brushed his seductively, his body stiffened.
“Nope.” She said suddenly, pushing him away. 
She glanced back at him before she joined the crowd, marching through the entrance, giving him a -that's-what-it-feels-like-to-have-your-feelings-played-with look.
The days dragged into weeks. Time ticked by so painfully slow.
Holly filled in her spare time with anything she could. Hanging out with Jo, Ricky and Dominic. Studying. Sketching. 
Doing anything to take her mind off the fact Caleb that wasn't here. She didn't want to think about what he was doing.
“God I can't believe her.” Jo barked.
“What?” Holly looked up from her sketch of the Oaks, the one she'd started the first day of school. 
“Miss-my-skirt's-a-belt over there.” Jo nodded in the direction of Heather. Who was whispering something into Dominic's ear, as he leaned lazily across the stair rail.
Holly stared at them longer than necessarily, before taking up sketching again.
School had let out for Christmas break, but no one was in a hurry to go home. The weather was sizzling for December. 
“I don't know what he finds so attractive about her.” Jo continued. “I mean she must be a cesspool  of S.T.D.'s. She's had half the guys in town. You know I even heard that she charges for certain...positions.”
“That's just a rumour Jo.” 
“Yeah but do you think Dominic has heard it, in fact it's my civic duty to go over there and tell him right now.”
Holly held her in place by her foot. “Don't you start anything.” She warned her.
Jo kicked off her hand. “Hey, I'm not the one that broke her nose. Remember?”
Holly glared at her as she made a break for it. Shaking her head she collected her stuff and headed home. Holly didn't want any more trouble. She had seen enough to last her a life time.
“How dare you? You hairy ape!” Holly heard Heather bellow a few feet away. 
“What? Everyone knows you gave Adam the crabs last year.” Jo replied. 
As she past them on the stairs she caught Dominic's gaze. He rolled his eyes at her.
She tried not to smile.
 She stopped a street down. Waiting.
A few minutes later Dominic appeared carrying Jo over his shoulder in a fireman's carry.
He pushed her at Holly. “Will you please take this potty mouthed, ball of bitchiness home before she starts world war three.”
“Everything I said was true.” Jo threw back at him. Yanking down her tank top, where it had ridden up. “Even the cucumber.”
“Ugh. Jo let's go.” Holly said not wanting to hear any-more.
Dominic strolled away around the corner.
“Well that worked.” Jo said happily.
“What did?” 
“Did you see where he had his hands?”
Holly had to laugh at her friend's cunning. “Jo Dominic's a player. Even if you two got together it's not like it would be a meaningful relationship. He's only after one thing.”
“That makes two of us.” Jo grinned. “And besides I don't think that's true.” Jo said, coming to a stop.
“I think his merely enjoying himself until you ditch Caleb.”
“What?” Holly said, mouth open.
“Oh come on. You two have this...weird sexual tension thing going on. The only girl who can possible tame that wild stallion Holly is you. Dominic is 100%  head over heels in love with you, and you know it.”
Holly swallowed hard. “I love Caleb.”
“Don't tell me you don't feel anything for Dominic.”
“It's complicated Jo. I chose Caleb.”
“Fine. But mark my words one day it's going to happen with Dominic whether you want it to or not.”
“It already has.” Holly muttered walking away.
“What?” Jo asked following her. 
“We kind of got a little heavy...” Holly said slowly.
Jo gaped at her. “Jeez you've been keeping a lot to yourself. Come on I need details.”
Jo poured them some home-made lemonade and they threw off their sandals and lay across her backyard's turf. Soaking up the sun.
“Was he has good as I imagine him to be?” Jo asked her suddenly.
“We didn't have sex...exactly.” She told her. “It was a bit of...touching.”
“But he made you orgasm, didn't he?”
“Jo!” Holly gave in as Jo gave her a puppy dog face. “The most action I've seen lately is with my...”
“Yes.” Holly interrupted not wanting to know the rest of the sentence.
Jo let out a wistful sigh. 
“Then what happened? Why are you with Caleb?”
“I've already told you Jo...”
“Yes you love him blah, blah.”
“Caleb just does something to me that no-one else can.” Holly tried to explain, but without coming out and saying that Caleb's my Guardian Angel and knows me inside out. How could she?
“Have you and Caleb got to that stage yet?”
Holly's blush gave her away.
“You have two hot guys wanting to be you're sex slave? God I wish I was you.”
 You really don't Holly thought bitterly.
“When is Caleb back from his vacation anyway?” Jo asked. Holly had told her that he was off sunning himself on the French coast.
“He'll be back for my birthday.” 
I hope she added to herself.
Holly spent Christmas Eve leaning out her window.  She had called for Caleb till her throat was raw. But still he didn't come. Must be enjoying his new charge, she thought miserably. 
But she wasn't giving up. She would sit here as long as it took.
Holly felt strong arms hold her.
Her lids fluttered open. Caleb's face was inches from her own.
“Caleb?” She whispered not quite believing he was here. Her fingers traced his features. He was real!
He lowered her down on the bed. Holly reached up and pulled him close, her lips kissing him in a frenzy. 
She felt him pull away for a second then seemingly thought twice about it. When he finally did break away they were both breathing hard.
He was wearing a white polo shirt and Levi's.  His muscles rippling underneath his tanned skin. 
His hair had grown a few inches and he kept shoving out of his eyes.  He looked simply fantastic.
“I've been calling you for hours. Why didn't you answer.”
He kicked off his boots and lay down on the bed beside her. “I was busy.” He said casually.
A Shiver ran down her back. Was it just her, or did he seem distant. The warmth familiar glow his presence always filled her with was missing.
Holly lay next to him, but made sure their bodies didn't touch. “Hows work going?” She said through gritted teeth.
He let out a heavy breath. “I knew I shouldn't have come.”
“Then why did you?” She asked him coldly.
“Because I wanted to see you.”
“Do you? Because you don't seem very enthusiastic.” She got up crossing to the window, pulling a red fleece blanket around her. An icy dread had welled up inside and she knew it had nothing to do with the weather. She was losing him.
His arms wrapped around her and she found her resistance crumbling. Her anger fading. “I got you something.” He whispered in her ear. He pulled out a white small box tied with a red ribbon. 
“What is it?” She asked him.
He gave her it. “Open it and see.”
She stared at him then opened it. Inside was a ring. It's band was sliver, a bright sapphire glowed from it's centre casing. She gasped. It was the same colour as his eyes. 
He slipped the ring on her wedding ring finger. “It's my energy. All Angels are presented with one upon creation. It's made out of my very being. It's a token to remind us who we serve. But I serve no one...but you.”
Again Caleb took her breath away with just words...and a ring. It was beautiful.
“Thank you I'm never taking it off.”
He smiled. “Never doubt that everything I'm doing now,  is for our future Holly.”
His lips locked on hers.
“Wait.” She said breathlessly.”
She walked over to her closet and dug around until she found what she was looking for.
“Merry Christmas.” She said handing him a sliver thin box.
She watched his smile reach his eyes as he opened it. He carefully took out a glass figure. He studied it in his hands laughing.
“I didn't know what to get an Angel. So... I got you this. It reminded me of you.”
It was a glass statue of an Angel, it's wings curled around it's body. Guardian Angel was written on the front of a sliver plaque at it's base. “It even lights up.” She mused pressing a red  button at the bottom of it's base. Blue light erupted from the a single LED.
“I love it, thank you.” He kissed her forehead. 
She felt his body tense. “I have to go. She's in trouble. I'm sorry...” He bolted out the window and disappeared into the dark sky.
She? Holly thought watching him go.
§
Her birthday/ New Year Eve party was in full swing.
Had been for hours. But all Holly could do was pace up and down Jo's lawn. Wearing out her grass.
“She still at it?” Dominic asked Jo. Who was sitting on top of the decking with Ricky. 
“Yep.” She yawned. They had tried to put her at ease. Planes get delayed all the time. But she refused to budge until Caleb showed.
“I got you another beer.” Heather said. Coming up behind him. Her arms stroking his chest.
“Why thank you sexy.” He said. Patting her backside.
“Get a room.” Ricky muttered.
Heather tossed him a hateful glance. “You know.” She whispered in Dominic's ear. “I could have you down on the ground and begging for mercy in a second.” Her hands moved to his lap.
Jo gave her a killer glare over her shoulder.
Dominic broke away. “Sweetie.” He said to Heather calmly. “Give it up, you ain't ever going there.”
Ricky and Jo shared a smile.
“You're a little too desperate for my taste. Oh and I've never begged for mercy in my life.” He told a humiliated Heather, while walking backwards towards Holly. He gave Jo a quick wink before turning round.
“Now that was hot.” Jo said stunned.
§
“You do realize that this party is for you princess right?”
Holly glanced at Dominic.
“Where is he Dom? He said he'd be here.” She said anxiously. She had a horrible feeling that she couldn't shake. Caleb had never broken his promise to her. Something had gone wrong.
“Jo's right Holly. Angels get delayed.” His body was cool and relaxed but his eyes was a different story. They showed he was worried too.
“Look nothing in Heaven or Hell could stop Caleb from seeing you. He's probably been counting down the seconds ever since he first left.”
“Then where is he?” She yelled.
“Okay, take a sip of this.”
Holly dodged the bottle he shoved in her face. “I don't want a drink Dominic! I want Caleb!”
He sighed. “Well can't say I didn't try. I'm going to go get laid, and you won't make Caleb arrive any quicker by staring up at the sky, so I suggest you go get a drink and loosen up.”
She threw him an annoyed glance. “Are you drunk?”
“Not as much as I'd like to be. Are you coming or what?”
“No!”
He rolled his eyes. “Women.” He said under his breath before walking back to the party.
§
Dominic grabbed Jo's hand. “You better not disappoint woman.” He said to her, guiding her upstairs. “I turned down horny Heather for you.”
Ricky watched them take the stairs two at a time. This party was so not happening tonight.
§
Midnight had come and gone.
She had heard everyone counting down then cheering a while ago. 
She sat on the lawn close to tears. Mud stuck to her new, red dress. But she didn't care she had bought it only for Caleb and he wasn't here.
Was this his way of dumping her? No of course not, Caleb loved her. He wouldn't have given her his ring if he was planning on that.
Time trickled by, one by one the guests left.
Holly was trying to stay awake when a whoosh of wings and a bright light caught her eye.
She jumped up expecting to see the love of her life. But instead a dark skinned man wearing a pin striped suit stood there.
Holly's heart thundered. Angel. Run!
She made for the house but the Angel was faster, he grabbed her arm.
“Dom!” Holly screamed. “Angel attack. Quick!”
The Angel spun her around, “I’m not trying to kill you.”
“Yeah, right.” She clawed at his face. His grip momentary loosened. She ripped free of it, then slipped in the mud.
“Holly!” Dominic ran down the decking towards them. “Get you're hands off her!”
“I'm not here to hurt her!” The Angel roared.
“Castillo?” Holly heard Dominic's voice asked perplexed.
Holly heaved herself up. “Who?” She looked at Dominic for the first time. “Dom what are you wearing?”
He was naked except from a pink, short bath robe that just say covered his unmentionables. His boots were on but unlaced and...on the wrong feet. Like they'd been shoved on in the dark in a hurry.
Castillo gave him a glance too.
“Is that Jo's?” Holly asked distracted.
He sighed. “I was kind of in the middle of something when I heard you screaming Angels was attacking.”
Holly glared at him in confusion. “Huh?”
Dominic rolled his eyes. “By George...We can talk about this later. What are you doing here?” He asked Castillo.
Castillo sighed. “I'll never understand you Demons.” He said still looking at Dominic.
“What's going on?” Holly screamed at them. She felt like she was losing her mind.
“Holly. My name is Castillo.” The name rang a bell but she couldn't place it.
“Caleb's boss.” Dominic helped her.
“Caleb's...Where is he? Is he okay?” Holly fired the questions at Castillo.
He gave her a friendly smile. “Caleb is fine.” He told her.
“Then where is he?” Holly snapped. She was going out of her mind. Why would Caleb's boss be here?
Castillo darted a glance at Dominic, who instantly stiffened. Silent knowledge passed between them. Dominic sighed, he looked at Holly with pity.
“Holly.” Castillo said. “Caleb is not coming back.” He spoke slowly, never taking his gaze off hers.
“What?” Her shrill voice cried. She looked to Dominic to see if he understood. But he refused to meet her eyes.
“This thing between you and him cannot be allowed to go any further.” Castillo said. “I have warned him plenty, but it seems my words fell on deaf ears. Holly, Heaven inst as...stable.” He chose his words carefully. “As it once was. Caleb is an extremely gifted Guardian. He is the best in fact. Think of all the innocent lives he will go on to save. We can't lose him.”
“But he wants to be with me!” Holly screamed. Her heart was racing at the thought she would never see Caleb again.
Castillo's tone hardened. “You have both gave us no choice. You're open dis-regard for our rules cannot go on any longer. Miss Wilson will take up Guardianship of you.”
“Miss Wilson? Castillo's tone was firm he wasn't asking. He was telling her matter of factly. Holly felt violently ill.
“She was once a Guardian. She has agreed to come out of retirement in these special circumstances. You will follow her orders to the latter.”
Defiance shot through Holly.  They couldn't do this to her. “And if I don't?”
“Then we will remove this shield and let every single monster clawing at it's boundary at you.” His voice was merciless.
Holly shrugged, tears falling down her cheeks. “Go ahead. It means nothing without him anyway.”
Castillo's eyes hardened. “Don't play with me girl. If have utter disregard for you're life. Then think of you're friends, you're parents. Demons love to kill. You think that once we leave this town to their mercy, they'll stop at you?”
Holly only had to look in Dominic's eyes to know that Castillo was telling her the truth.
“That's cold.” Dominic spat at Castillo. 
“And as for you.” Castillo turned his attention to him. “Taking into account you're recent services. We will spare you're life. But if you attempt to interact with Holly, in any way. We will not hesitate.” 
Castillo looked at Holly. Who stood shivering in the cold night air. She looked shattered and lost. “You left us no choice Holly. We tried the subtle approach and look where's it's got us. It's time you stopped thinking that this is just about you and Caleb. The whole universe is at stake here. Not just two hearts. For what it's worth I truly am sorry it had to come to this.”
There was a beam of light as Castillo made his exit.
The silence was deafening. Holly's heart had shattered into a million pieces. Why was loving Caleb so wrong? Other Angels had fell for love. Her own mother did! So why wouldn't Heaven let Caleb do the same. They were taking away his freedom of choice.
“Holy Hell what happened to you Holly? You look like you've seen a ghost.” Jo's voice called to her. Holly didn't turn to her. If she had, she would have seen Jo wearing nothing but Dominic's shirt. But broken and dazed she shuffled through the garden gate and out of their sight. Not caring where her feet was taking her.
Chapter Twelve

§

Prom

Holly's life hit the fan.
She was heartsick, depressed and angry. 
Miss Wilson had her coped up in the library all day, every day. She let her have her lunch break with Jo then it was back to study, study, and study. 
Miss Wilson would even check up that she was home at night, and not out consorting with Dominic.
Their deal was very clear; do this our way, or watch everyone you care about die violently.
They were holding the lives of her family and friends in ransom to get her to comply.
And after two month it was starting to wear her down.
Holly had tried to fight back. Shouting Caleb's name into the sky till she lost her voice. But they was no answer. Wherever he was he couldn't hear her any-more or he wasn't able to come to her. Holly dreaded to think what it would to take to keep Caleb from coming to her. What had they done to him?
She tried showing them that they couldn't rule her life this life. They would not stop her seeing Dominic, who felt so much a part of her now that her body ached without him around. But he had seemed to have vanished from Cherry Falls, leaving behind no sigh that he had even been there in the first place.
Whenever she was actually allowed time with her friends, all Jo talked about was her night of passion with Dominic, and how he had exceeded her every expectation. 
Holly's life officially couldn't get any worse. Or so she thought until one lunch time Jo had reminded her that prom was only a week away. 
“I'm officially boy-couting it.” Ricky told them. Stuffing his face full of Twinkie.
“That's because you haven't got a date.” Jo told him, a grin showing on her lips.
“Oh and you have?” Ricky tossed back at her.
Jo's face fell. “Not yet. Dominic's done a vanishing act on me.” 
“Well then we're all losers.” Ricky said in a sad voice. “Holly's been discarded probably for one of those French-maids, you have just been used and abused...”
“And you can't even pay a girl to be you're date.” Jo slung at him angrily.
“Jeez calm down. I was trying to make a joke, point is not of us has been asked to prom. So we should stay home and watch Cheers re-runs together.”
Jo threw a disgusted glance his way. “I have a better idea. The three of us should go together. What do you think Holly?”
“Hum?” She had been watching a crisp packet floating on the breeze. Not focusing on anything.
“The three of us going to prom. Just because we don't have dates doesn't mean we should sit home like rejects. In fact a night of carefree drinking and dancing is just what we need right now. Take our minds off the what jerks guys can be.”
Holly shrugged. “Whatever.” She said without any feeling. 
“Fine it's settled then.”
When the bell rang Holly slogged her way back to the library she was beginning to hate. A open Chemistry text book lay open at her table. “You're grades could use a bit of work in that subject dear.” Miss Wilson said as shuffled away. Holly glared at her with vehemence.
When she glanced up fifteen minutes later she thought she saw Dominic's thin frame slip between two stacks but it was probably her eyes playing tricks on her. He was long gone, after the threat Castillo had given she couldn't blame him.
“Hey Holly.” 
Holly steered her head back round and faced Tyler Smith, quarterback of Cherry Falls football team. She had tutored him last year in English.
“Hey.” She said back unenthusiastic. 
He seemed nervous. He looked at her then pulled out a chair. “I was em...wondering if you had a date for prom yet?”
“No. I'm...going with a friend.” Holly said hurriedly. Trying to tell him nicely she wasn't interested.
“Oh, well em... if that friend falls through. We could maybe go. Together.” He added quickly.
Holly didn't want to hurt his feelings. Tyler was an okay guy. But she wanted to make it clear that there was no way they would go to prom together. The only guy she wanted to take her to prom was the one she couldn't have.
“Thanks for the offer Tyler really, but I'm really not looking to get involved with any-one.”
He nodded. “It's cool. Just thought I'd ask. See you around.” He quickly made his exit.
Holly watched him go with a sigh. Was this how her life was going to be? Cold, miserable and lonely?
“Dominic wanted me to give this.” Heather appeared pushing a piece of white, folded paper at her. Holly's heart leapt at the sound of his name. 
“Dominic? Where is he?” She asked looking around.
Heather shrugged. “He told me not to say. And just for the record it wasn't a cucumber. You might want to tell you're friend that she should get her facts straight, before slagging me off.”
Heather bounced away.
Holly's heart pounded. She looked over at Miss Wilson, to see if she was watching. She wasn't. A student had asked her about a book and she was leading him through the stacks.

She quickly opened the note:
Hey princess,
keep you're head up, don't let them break you.
I'm working on getting you out of here.
Dom.

Holly felt tears forming. He hadn't forgotten about her. He was still here. Watching from a distance. It gave Holly a renewed energy. She was determined that Heaven, Castillo or Miss Wilson wasn't going to win. 
Dominic hadn't given up, so neither could she.
§
Thursday after school, Holly found herself on main street. Trailing through countless boutiques with Jo, trying to find something to wear to prom.
They had tried on countless dresses. And were running out stores. Prom was tomorrow night.
Holly sighed and slipped on the last dress in the changing room. It was strapless, black, with a ruffled out waves of red at the bottom. It was too racy for her. But she had tried on all the rest. The dress clung to her like a second skin. 
“Whoa...You've found you're dress Holly.” Jo's head peeked around the curtain.
“Really? It's kinda tight.” Holly said smoothing it out. The material felt cool in her hands.
“Promise you. Wear that tomorrow and you'll make all the boys go non-verbal when they see you.”
Holly unzipped it. “I don't care about that.” She muttered.
Jo sighed. “Holly I know Caleb broke you're heart but you have to let it go. Move on. I guarantee you he already has.”
Had he? Was he somewhere right now falling in love with his charge? On Christmas Eve, the last time she had seen him. He had said that she was in trouble, before fleeing to her rescue. Maybe Castillo had been trying to spare Holly's feelings. Maybe Caleb didn't want to come back to her.
She looked at her left hand. She still wore the ring he had given her. It was the only of him she had left. No! She wouldn't believe it, couldn't believe. Heaven was keeping them apart not Caleb.
Somehow she would find him. She would.
§
Prom was depressingly romantic.
Holly sat at her table watching the couples smooch on the floor. 
She saw Jo remove Ricky's hands from her bottom back to her waist, giving him an evil glance. 
Holly smiled. At least Ricky was enjoying himself. 
Something dark moved over Holly temporary blocking the light. When she glanced at the chair opposite her, her breath caught: Dominic.
He looked devilishly hot in a black suite. Underneath was a crisp, white unbuttoned shirt. She saw the pale flawless skin of his chest. He looked more like a seductive devil than a teenage boy tonight. There was something unchained in his brown eyes. 
Holly breathed deeply and looked away, back to the make-shift dance floor. “You shouldn't be here.” She told him breathlessly. Her chest heaved.
“I know. But I had to see you.” He told her softly following her gaze.
She shut her eyes, forcing the flames of desire back down inside her. “Don't do this to me, please.” They both knew she didn't have enough self control to walk away. He had to be the one to leave.
“You look...good enough to eat.” He told her. He was across the table, but his voice felt unbearably close, almost whispering in her ear. 
Her heart pounded. “You don't look too bad yourself.” 
He smiled.
Heather came out of the crowd she swept her gaze across the gym. Her eyes narrowed when they fell on Dominic and Holly. She made her way over to them. She ran her hands underneath his shirt, “I want to dance.” She told him, her green eyes full of lust.
Dominic sighed. “I'll be there in a minute.” 
Heather chewed on his ear lobe before she dashed a -his-mine- look at Holly. He flinched away from her. But she was already walking towards the dance floor.
Holly's throat constricted. “You're here with Heather?”
“Don't get you're panties in a twist princess.” He shrugged casually. “It's just a bit of fun.”
He got up and walked to her, Holly's body froze. She wanted his touch, his arms around her, she wanted him to tell her things will be okay. Even though it would be a lie.
 But he simply said. “Be ready.” Before stalking after Heather.
Be ready? For what? She shook her head, frustrated that Jo had talked her into wearing this constricting dress. Angry at Dominic for being here with Heather. Angry at why everyone seemed to have a date but her. 
The band changed tempo. A haunting, slow rendition of You've lost that loving feeling filled Holly's ears. She sighed, if she was going to survive this love feast for two more hours, she needed a drink.
A boy at the punch table handed her a red plastic cup, she downed the contents in one gulp. It didn't even have any alcohol in it, but as long as Holly made believe it did, it made her feel better. 
She grabbed another cup. She faced front and the cups froze halfway to her lips.
Before her the crowd seemed to part. Standing in the space  they created was...Caleb. 
He was dressed in a fitted tu x. Emotion burned through Holly like never before. Her breathing stopped. She felt suspended like time had ceased to exist.
Before her mind told her that this might not be real. She ran to him.
His arms wrapped around her and hugged her tight. Holly ran her hands over him; he was real! He was here! With her!
“How are you here?” She looked up into his eyes, that blinded her with intense blue light. 
His lips found hers and the gym span around them.
She locked her fingers behind his neck, her lips pressing on his like she was starving.
His fingers trailed down her spine, making her shiver with pleasure.
“I will never leave you.” He whispered in her ear. “Heaven can do as it pleases, I will not part from you ever again.”
He pushed away her curls and nuzzled her neck.
A tremor caused them both to look down. Caleb held onto her so tight it hurt.
The right side of the gym wall exploded in on itself, sending debris flying through the air. 
Screams and shrieks of terror filled the gym. Students rushed to the exits, trampling falling bodies in their wake.
As the dust settled Holly saw Michael step through the rumble like it was water. 
“Caleb.” Her voice was eerily calm, but her body stiffened with fear. 
But Caleb wasn't looking at Michael. Angels closed in on them from all sides. 
Holly saw Dominic step from the shadows.
“Holly.” Caleb shook her gently to get her to focus on him. “I need you to run, and whatever you do, don't look back.”
“I'm not leaving you.” Holly yelled at him.
“Holly please don't force me to make you leave.”
From across the gym Dominic uttered a war cry. He pounced on the first Angel he came to snapping it's neck. “Holly.” He said to her calmly, “listen to you're man. Just this once.”
“I need to help him Holly. Run now!” Caleb pushed her into the direction of the double wooden doors. 
A furious looking Angel blocked her path. A ball of light struck him in the chest and he fell in a crumpled heap. Holly jumped over him and threw open the doors. 
And stepped into chaos. 












Chapter Thirteen

§

Massacre

Darkness had descended on Cherry Falls.
Bodies covered the ground. Blood mixed with mud seeped into the wet grass.
Screams rose in the near distance.
Holly gulped, knowing what she had to do. She picked up the helm of her dress and carefully stepped over the carnage.
Some still had their eyes open, the icy terror still in their dead gaze. Throats were cut open, limbs were missing, and entrails stretched out on the ground before her like links of sausages.
Her stomach lurched into her mouth when she recognised Tyler smith's face looking up at her, his mouth open in a silent pleading. His dead, hazel eyes dangled down from their sockets.
Holly vomited. Who could have done this? Angels?
 Before she could straighten up a shaky hand gripped her arm. She spun and collided with Jo. Who was shivering in her pink prom dress. Red blood was slashed across the foot.
“Jo are you hurt?” Holly asked her, trying to keep her voice even.
Jo shook her head. “It's Ricky's...” Holly froze. “Jo where is he?” 
“I don't know.” Jo sobbed against her. “It all happened so fast...One minute he was next to me , the next gone.”
Holly held her trying to keep her own hysteria from rising. Ricky couldn't be dead.
“Okay” Holly grabbed Jo's head in her shaking hands. “We need to get to my house. It's the closet. We can barricade ourselves in and call the police. Okay?”
Jo nodded. Holly lead her out of the school grounds, keeping low, moving fast. They crossed the street and hid in an alley as a car zoomed past them. A few seconds later they heard gunshots crack through the air like thunder. 
“What's going on?” Jo asked her quietly. 
“The shield...” Holly trailed off, lost in her thoughts. Caleb had defied Heaven. He had come back to her. Castillo had lowered the shield in retaliation. That's why Michael was here. Along with god knows how many Demons.
“Oh god Holly...the gang, they want you.” Jo looked up at her with wild eyes.
Holly grabbed her hand and ran as hard as she could.
They were only streets away from safety.
§
In the gym the body count was rising.
Caleb let the limp body in his hands fall to the wood floor. It gleamed in the strobe lights, slick with blood.
He looked around, accessing the situation; Michael had gone a while ago, Caleb knew he was using these Angels to hold them at bay while Holly was somewhere in Cherry Falls, unprotected.
He could just say sense her, Heaven's punishment had weakened him greatly. But at least she was still alive. For now.
Dominic was being circled by six Angels. He nodded at Caleb. “Go! I can handle these clowns.”
Caleb dashed through the gaping hole in the gym wall. Death was everywhere he looked. Heaven had strayed far from it's path. Allowing a whole town of innocents to be massacred just to punish Caleb for defecting.
He tore off his tu x jacket and shirt, unfurled his wings and prayed he could get to her in time.
§
Holly slammed the door shut behind Jo. Bolting and locking it. They managed with some difficulty to slid the hallway cabinet against it.
“Okay Jo check the locks on the windows upstairs, I’ll finish down here.” Holly knew if Angels or Demons wanted in they would find a way, but they were doing their best.
“Mum? Dad?” Holly yelled searching downstairs. She checked the kitchen a lump formed in her throat, when she saw the blood streaked across the kitchen wall. “Please no” Holly whispered, forcing herself to move closer. 
Her mother's pale face looked up at her. Her grey eyes were dull, her skin deathly pale. There was blood squirting from a wound in her chest. Holly's legs buckled, she grabbed the counter and dragged herself over to her mother.
“Mum...No.” Tears welled down her face. She pressed her hands down on the wound, trying to stem the flow.
“Holly...l-look at m-me.” Her mother’s voice was low but peacefully. She didn't sound in any pain.
“I was wrong...t-to tell you to stay a-away from him. You should a-always follow...” Her mother faltered.
“Don't you dare.” Holly said through through gritted teeth. “Don't you dare leave me.”
Her mother smiled. “Never.” Tears ran down her mother's cheeks. “I am s-so proud of you.”
Holly heard Jo footsteps clamouring down the stairs. “Upstairs is secure.” Her voice yelled. “Where's your...” Her voice trailed off as she entered the kitchen. “Oh...god.” Jo fell to her knees.
Holly couldn't see her mother through the tears that poured down her face. “I love you mum.” She whispered.
But her mother had gone.
Jo and Holly cuddled into the wall, their tears of pain splashing off the tiled floor.
A window smashed and Holly felt herself being pulled up by strong arms. She heard Jo struggling beside her but Holly was too numb to do anything.
§
Michael stood on the clock tower.
Taking in the massacre from above.
Caleb should have listened to Castillo. But he had always been weak. Plagued by emotions. Michael had learned the hard way, how emotions crippled the will.
He heard a metal door swing back on its hinges. He smiled.
“You have been waiting a long time for this, haven't you.” He swung around, amusement glowing in his dull eyes.
Dominic tossed aside his jacket. “I'm done waiting.” He charged at Michael.
§
Holly watched as Jo was slung on to the ground. “Filth.” A cold voice spat at her. Jo crawled away right into the legs of Dominic.
He looked down at her in surprise, then his eyes flicked to Holly. Who was still held around the waist by a powerful grip.
“Dominic.” Jo let out in relief. She clung to his leg. “Help us.” She told him.
“Oh he can't help you now little girl.” Michael smiled at her. He grabbed her by the hair but Dominic's fist caught him in the face. He let go flapping his dull, sliver wings for balance.
Arms grabbed Dominic he fought back against them.  It took ten Angels to restrain him.
“You touch her and I'll kill you.” He spat at Michael, his eyes burning pure hate. 
Michael regarded him coolly. A smile appearing. “Which one?” He asked him enjoying himself.
“Both!” 
“Oh that's right. You've had you're dirty little way with both of them, haven't you?”
Dominic laughed, but there was no amusement in it. “You wouldn't know what that feels like  jug-less.”
Michael's smile vanished. “You know you are my least favourite nephew. Even you're brother has more control of his bodily functions than you.”
“My brother would kick you're teeth down you're throat if he was here, uncle.”
Michael’s eyes rested on Holly. “Bring her to me.” He ordered.
The Angel holding Holly dropped her on her feet inches away from Michael.
Michael studied her for a second then glanced at Dominic, a vicious grin crossing his lips.
“We both know which one has you're heart. Dominic. So the question is, which one will you save?”
Dominic froze, the Angels released him and retreated back through the metal door.
Michael moved to the highest point of the clock tower a dazed, defeated Holly in one hand, a simpering Jo in the other.
“You only have time to save one, trying to save both will result in killing them both. Good luck.”
Michael flapped his wings, rising higher in the sky. Holly felt a cold breeze tug at her hair. Jo was screaming beside her. She met Dominic's eyes and shook her head; don't save me she begged him silently, save Jo.
His eyes looked between her and Jo, agony set deep in them.
Michael released them.
Holly Felt as light as a feather. She wasn't afraid of dying. She welcomed it. She closed her eyes and waited for death to take her.
§

Dominic caught Jo's ankle, just before she fell past the Clock-tower roof.
Her body collided with the brick wall. Her pink dress flapped over her head.
Dominic grinned pulling her up, “of all the times, you pick now to go commando. Are you trying to distract me tiger.” He wrenched her up and set her feet down. 
She ran to the ledge, “Holly!”
Dominic prayed that his instincts was right. If they weren’t he had just killed Holly.
He went to the ledge.
Holly was hurtling faster now. Where was he?
Out the corner of his eye he caught White wings glitter on the horizon; Caleb.
Jo hid her face in his chest. “I can't watch.” She sobbed.
Caleb was chasing Holly. 
Dominic gave a sigh of relief as Caleb's hands caught her waist. But something was wrong. Holly wasn't slowing.
The gulf stream of her decent had sucked up Caleb.
He was wrestling with her, trying to to break the current. But impact was only inches away.
At the last minute Dominic saw Caleb break free, but the ground was almost upon them.
They weren’t going to make it.
Caleb gave a beat of his wings, and they turned him on his back, Holly was held to his chest. They fell through the car roof below.
§
Caleb felt the metal bend underneath him. 
That had been too close. He prayed that he had done enough to break Holly's fall.
She was laying on top of him. Her eyes closed, her body slack.
“Holly?”
Slowly she opened her eyes. Shock flickered on her face then was replaced by pain.
He rolled her over. “Are you injured?” He said panicked. His hands feeling her body for wounds.
She shook her head.
He sighed with relief. His head flopped down on her chest. “Let's never do that again.” He mumbled.





































Epilogue

§

Just The Beginning

Holly took one more glance over her shoulder.
Then shut the front door for good.
She walked with Caleb and Dominic silently.
Her parent’s funeral had been hard, but it made it easier to do what she had to next.
Leave Cherry Falls. Leave behind everything.
Caleb had found her father's body washed up on shore, the day after the massacre. Ricky was still missing.
“How's Jo?” Holly finally asked Dominic.
“She's fine princess.” He winked at her. 
It had been two weeks since that devastating night. Half the population of Cherry Falls had perished. Gang warfare had been the story the news had gone with. Slowly people was trying to pull their lives back together.
She knew saying goodbye to Jo would be hard. But she hadn't been prepared for Jo to hang on to her and scream at her to stay. Dominic had been the only one who could get her to calm down.
She knew Jo was better off without her. As long as Holly was Lucifer's one redemption it would never be safe. Jo would get hurt or killed just like everyone else around her had.
Caleb and Dominic was all she had now.
“So, where to?” Holly asked them. 
“I've heard Venice is nice this time of year.” Caleb smiled at her. His hand slipped round her waist. Dominic relieved him of Holly's black suitcase. “I'll give you two a minute.” He said. Wheeling the suitcase up the street.
Caleb kissed her tenderly. She sank into him.
Caleb had defected from Heaven. Like Michael he had stopped taking orders from Heaven. When Holly asked what had happened to him up in Heaven, his eyes went dull and she knew that whatever it was he suffered, it wasn't pleasant.
But as long as she had him Heaven and Hell couldn't hurt her.
Caleb was all she needed. Come what may, they would face it together.















Love vs. Lust
first look of Book Two

Prologue
∬
Monsters from the Deep
Holly Adams darted around the tiny square with growing desperation. Every side street that connected to it lead to a dead end, or came to an abrupt halt in sloshing dark water. She had fumbled around the narrow intricate maze that was Venice for more than fifteen minutes, without so much as a flash of recognition at any of the landmarks she passed.
Holly juggled melting cones of Ice-cream into one hand then rummaged in the back pocket of her Jean cut-offs for her cell. Gazing down at the complicated touch screen she felt a longing ness for her old battered Nokia. Dominic had bought her the iPhone as a late Christmas present so he had said, but Holly knew it was to cut her off from Jo, her best friend she had had to leave behind in Cherry Falls. It was for Jo’s own safety, people who got closed to Holly had a knack of dying, but she still missed the outspoken, shaggy haired girl who had been her best friend since kindergarten. 
Diamonds by Rihanna flooded out of the phone’s speaker, causing her to jump nearly dropping the melting ooze that ran down her fingers. She cursed out loud when she saw the caller ID, earning a reproachful look from a passing elderly couple. She contemplated not answering. Holly rarely got time to herself, between her Guardian Angel boyfriend and the Prince of Hell she was never alone, it frustrated her that they had taken to doing everything for her, or insisted that she was to be escorted everywhere. Holly appreciated their concern, guarding her 24 hours a day couldn’t be a walk in the park for them either, but she was sick of being treated like a child. Rihanna’s voice died only to start up again. Holly took a lick of her strawberry cone and grinned mischievously. It wouldn’t hurt to make him wait for the satisfaction of being proved right.
She had begged them to let her go for Ice-Cream, craved the opportunity to show Caleb that she could stand on her own two feet, he had reluctantly agreed despite Dominic’s misgivings, letting out a heavy breath Holly pushed the slider along and accepted the call.
“What took you so bloody long?” Dominic’s annoyed tone greeted her ear. 
“I had to find my phone.” She lied. He uttered something she couldn’t catch over the static. “Where are you?” 
“Err…” She hesitated.
 “Are you lost?” She heard the smugness in his voice and pictured the wide grin that she knew would be parting his ruby red lips. “No.” She said sternly. 
“Jeez princess the vendor was only down the street.”
“I’m not lost Dominic! Just got turned around is all.” She added sheepishly. A grunt of pain and the smashing of glass travelled down the line. “What was that?” She asked, her spider sense tingling.  “What’s going on?”
“Just stay where you, we’ll come to you.” He hung up.
Holly looked down at the bright screen perplexed, what the hell was that about? Had Michael caught up to them? 
Images of Caleb’s broken lifeless body floated through her mind. Caleb and Dominic were the only things she had left in this world. Heaven and Hell had taken everything else in their mad race to claim her. She couldn’t stand the thought of losing them too. 
Holly discarded the cones in a nearby bin and moved to the centre of the square, resting on a huge fountain that shot water out of a fish’s tail. She could see the whole deserted square from her vantage point; her frantic blue eyes searched every opening for Caleb and Dominic. 
“Please let them be okay.” She prayed to herself.
As time ticked by Holly paced the cobbles continually ringing Dominic’s cell when it went straight to voicemail she tried Caleb’s. Where were they?
The sun was setting over the buildings that surrounded her when she felt a hand slip into hers, warmth flowed through her body. She knew it was Caleb even before she turned. His muscular tanned body pressed up against her own, his sapphire eyes shone through strands of brown hair. 
She clutched him tightly. “Where’ve you been?” She almost yelled never wanting to let go. His arms wrapped around her immediately killing the feeling of dread that dwelled in her gut. 
“Hey it’s okay,” he soothed. “I’m right here.” His graceful fingers ran her raven curls. She willed her emotions back in line then looked up at him. “What’s going on? And don’t tell me nothing, you’ve got that look Caleb.” She added before he could answer. 
“We ran into a pack of Angels,” he finally said with a sigh. “Don’t worry they’re gone now.” He told her hurriedly after seeing her anxious expression. “But we can’t stay here any longer. Dominic went to get your things from the hotel.”
“But I like Venice. We’ve only just got here.” She pouted.  Caleb released her. “I’m sorry Holly but they know we’re here. The city isn’t safe now.”
Holly snubbed at the ground with the toe of her tennis shoes, “dammed Angels.” She spat. 
“Hey there’s other places to visit you know, how about New York?” 
She stared at him coldly. Holly knew he was trying to cheer her up but she had wanted to see more of The City of love. For the past six months she had been hurried from one location to the next, never staying long enough to visit its sights and attractions. It was like putting a bar of gold in front of you then telling you that you couldn’t touch it. Caleb wasn’t to blame nor Dominic they were just trying to keep her alive. All Angels were linked meaning that Caleb was a glowing beacon to the Archangel Michael and Heaven. 
He guided her through the quaint streets of Venice. It amazed Holly how he could negotiate the winding lanes in near darkness, but then again he was an Angel: Sat Navigation came as standard. 
Something hit the paving next to her and she jerked her head round. It had sounded like cement, frowning she looked up just in time to see a shadow lighter than its surroundings guide over her head silently. She gripped Caleb’s hand tighter then jogged to his side. “Caleb,” she hissed softly. “Something’s following us.” He looked at her and she motioned slightly to the stretch of roof running parallel with the street. Holly saw his blue eyes peer into the night then he turned away. “It’s nothing to worry about.” He said happily like they were taking a midnight stroll. She glared at him but he had returned his gaze straight ahead again. 
Holly quickened her pace keeping up with his long strides. Every now and then a noise from above would make her tense and she would glance at Caleb whose face didn’t register anything.
They came to a bridge and Holly started when the water splashed loudly.  Water had always held terror for her, ever since Jo had made her watch The Creature from the Black Lagoon when they were seven. Holly had sworn never to venture into the deep blue sea after that.
She stumbled back against the bridges brick wall imagining a monster lurking just below the surface biding its time to get her. Caleb steadied her then tugged on her hand. “We’ve have to keep going Holly.”
“Why?” The pitch of her voice rose with fear. 
“We don’t have time for this.” His eyes pleaded with her. 
“Oh you have all the time in the world Angel. You’re not going anywhere.”
A bulky form materialized ahead of them, he grinned maliciously while stepping onto the bridge. 
Holly darted a quick glance to the other side to see more silhouettes blocking their escape. They were surrounded on both sides, trapped in the middle of the bridge. Caleb swept Holly behind him and waited for them to advance. “Just stay behind me, you’ll be fine.” He said to her calmly. How could he be so bloody relaxed about this? They were outnumbered and at a strict disadvantage. 
Holly felt strong arms clamp around her in an unbearably tight bear hug, she wrestled with her attacker as she was dragged over the wall.
She screamed and grabbed for Caleb but her fingers missed his by inches grasping nothing but air. Her frightened eyes locked onto Caleb’s before she was swept over the bricks and plummeted down into the murky depths of Davey Jones locker. 

















































































