

HEAVEN SENT

TRACEY DALZIEL-BUSH  




Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2013 Tracey Dalziel-Bush
The moral right of the author has been asserted.
All rights reserved.
No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, without the prior permission in writing of the publisher, nor be otherwise circulated in any form of binding or cover other than that which it is published and without a similar condition including this condition being imposed on the subsequent purchaser.
All characters and events in this publication, other than those clearly in the public domain, are fictitious and any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
This work is registered with the
UK Copyright Service:
Registration No284660900
ISBN-13: 978-0-9574679-2-7
Ebook Formatting by www.ebooklaunch.com



For my father, William Dalziel, who is forever in my thoughts.


Table of Contents
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29


ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
With thanks to my mum Mary, sisters Jeanette and Sharon and also, Lynn Simpson, Norma Woods and Kirstie Gregson. And special thanks to Berni Stevens for her cover design. But most of all my sons for all the faith they had in me and all the encouragement they gave and also my husband who supports me unreservedly and who truly is Heaven Sent


Chapter 1
Lilia thrust her hands into her pockets as another shoulder clenching shudder gripped her. It was cold in the shadows and having hardly a stitch on beneath her coat wasn’t helping matters, but needs must. Her date had specifically requested a tall, vivacious, brunette who wouldn’t object if things got a little rough and for all intents and purposes that was exactly what he was going to get.  He was late, but fortunately she’d been blessed with the patience of a saint. 
Then a haughty, almost wicked smile teased the soft edge of her mouth as she recognised the sure, ever so confident rhythm of his arrogant gait. She drew a contented breath as her gaze drifted across the street to capture his approach.  
He climbed the steps to his apartment block stopping midway to exchange pleasantries with a couple she presumed to be neighbours and, despite the man’s efforts to draw her away the woman seemed eager to chat. Lilia found the woman’s flirtatious laughter irritating. Apparently her partner did too, as he practically dragged her down the remaining steps. 
She thought it funny how those who commit the most heinous of crimes were often envisioned as grotesque, nightmarish fiends that lurk in the shadows waiting to lure their unsuspecting victims to their doom, when in reality they seldom appear different from your average man on the street. Although, to be fair, Ramon, standing at a little over 6’.4’’ with a body toned by years of discipline, was far from average. Yet, it was his astonishing good looks that were most deceptive.
Fortunately Lilia wasn’t susceptible to his charm. She’d slain many sexual predators since her crusade began and would undoubtedly slay many more, but Ramon was the cherry on the cake. Infuriatingly he hadn’t even registered on her radar until he’d made the fatal mistake of taking the life of her closest friend.  And, even though she’d witness the aftermath of many horrific crimes and considered herself hardened to such acts of depravity nothing could have prepared her for what Ramon had done to Gina.
Rage swept through her at the thought, turning her stomach over and leaving a bitter taste in her mouth, but it would serve no purpose to rub salt into such a raw wound, especially when she needed to remain focused.  She released a deep breath and pushed the thought away as she stepped back further into the shadows
Ramon stood in the open door for a moment then turned back around.  He couldn’t see her yet his penetrating gaze remained locked on her location nonetheless. She considered stepping out to greet him, he was expecting her, after all. Well, an extremely expensive escort with masochistic tastes, actually, but he’d still think it strange to find her lurking in the dark. 
Then he smiled. 
Her heart skipped a beat then began to pound so fiercely the quickening stole her breath away as she tried to focus on Ramon’s face. Was he smiling at her? It seemed he was. A cruel, taunting smile that had the hairs on the back of her neck bristling as an icy chill crept up her spine. But she’d be damned if she would heed the infuriating desire to run and hide. The twisted smirk was still on his face as he turned and went inside closing the door behind him with a casual flick of the hand.
Lilia was little over sensitive were Ramon was concerned, which was understandable under the circumstances yet totally unprofessional. She could have just shot him instead of getting up close and personal, but then she wouldn’t have the pleasure of seeing his face when she told him who she was. And, grisly or not, she wanted to see the life drain from him as she slid the long, thin blade of her dagger straight through his cold, black heart.
Despite her resolve it took a good five minutes for the dark, ever present need for retribution to disperse the overwhelming sense of foreboding that had engulfed her. Lilia emerged from the shadows and strode across the street, skipped up the steps and entered Ramon’s apartment block unhindered. She took the stairs rather than the elevator and although she’d practically sprinted up to the tenth floor she wasn’t out of breath when she knocked on his door. 
She’d barely lowered her hand when the door swung open and the full force of Ramon’s penetrating gaze held her captive. His handsome looks were all the more sinister for knowing what he was capable of. Her heart slammed against her chest and her stomach swirled as a rush of adrenaline swept through her entire body, yet it did little to disperse the sense of unease looming over her. To her credit she managed an enticing smile. 
“Mr Blur,” she said tilting her head slightly to one side, her teeth toying with corner of her lip, a playful twinkle in her eyes, “I’m Pasha.” Her fingers slipped through the belt of her coat and then eased it open. The black patent leather bustier clung to her like a second skin, flaunting the creamy swell of her breasts which peeked over the cups in an open invitation. The matching micro-mini was little more than a belt, revealing the pale, satin smooth skin of her thighs before they disappeared into thigh length patent leather boots. 
Ramon had been waiting for this moment for what seemed an eternity, so a few minutes more, while she played out her masquerade was nothing. His gaze drifted over her. She was as sexy as hell, but it was her arrogance that inflamed him further.  He dragged a long, slow breath into his lungs in an attempt to soothe the urge to take her right then and there. 
“You’re late,” he said yet stepped aside to let her enter.
Lilia stepped inside, shuddering inwardly as the caress of a deathly cold hand crept up her spine.  She bit down hard on the inside of her lip to dispel the sensation and tasted blood. She swallowed both the blood and her unease, as she was more than capable of dealing with Ramon. 
Ramon closed the door behind her and ushered her into the main room. He took her coat, draped it over his arm then turned away.  Funnily enough he was starting to enjoy her little charade.  “Pour yourself a drink, I’ll be with you in a moment,” he said with a backward glance then made his way through to an adjoining room. 
Lilia poured a large shot of Vodka into a tall glass, hoping to take the edge off her nerves and as there didn’t appear to be any mixers she swallowed it neat.  The acrid, almost chemical taste scorched the back of her throat and she coughed dryly, her eyes watering as a warm glow spread through her.  She hadn’t really thought about how far she was willing to go in order to achieve her goal yet the thought of Ramon touching her was more than she could stomach. 
She put the glass back onto the counter and turned to survey the apartment. 
The room was spacious with high ceilings and ornate plasterwork. His taste in furnishings was rather traditional, but as you would expect there was an array of hi-tech gadgetry. An obscenely huge flat screen television with the usual accoutrements, a state-of-the-art audio system and a lifeless laptop lay on the arm of a chair. 
Logs crackled in the fireplace, their flames flickering across the black marble floor like lightning in the night sky. The temperature in the room was making her outfit even more uncomfortable. Even the draft from the open French windows did little to alleviate the heat. 
Gossamer drapes danced in the breeze, swirling this way and that, like phantoms of the night they beckoned for her to join them.  Lilia shuddered then pushed the notion aside.  She’d waited long enough to get Ramon and tonight was the night, there would be no going back. 	

Ramon watched her every move from the hallway. Everything about her fascinated him and with that wealth of chocolate brown hair cascading down her back he wanted nothing more than to wrap the silken strands around his fist and hold her to him forever.  He knew who she was and more importantly why she’d come, which served only to heightened his insatiable desire for her, and after tonight she’d be his for all eternity.  Unable to resist a moment longer he glided toward her.	
Lilia turned from the window to find Ramon behind her. She stepped back, the hairs on the back of neck bristling, but still managed an alluring smile. She wouldn’t allow him to set the pace, though, truth be told, she didn’t have a clue what to do next. 
Why the hell hadn’t she just put a bullet between his eyes? 
She glanced at the drinks tray as she swept a lock of hair from her eyes. “There didn’t appear to be any mixers,” she said, unable to think of anything else to say. Ramon didn’t respond, yet took a step closer to counter her retreat. Her stomach swirled as she raised a restraining hand to his shoulder. “Be an angel and pour me a drink,” she said, her fingers toying with the collar of his shirt.
A taunting smile curved the hard edge of his mouth as he took another step closer, his hands rising swiftly, knocking her arm away as he seized the sides of her head in an unbreakable grip.
“Take it easy tiger,” she cajoled yet there was no denying the trepidation in her tone. She needed to stall him long enough to work out how she was actually going to do this. Ramon was expecting a feisty romp so she wasn’t too surprised by his aggressiveness, it was the look in his eyes that alarmed her.  
Lilia would fight him tooth and nail if she realized what was happening; fortunately her little charade was working to his advantage. His grip tightened as he sucked air through his teeth. 
Lilia gasped as the pressure in his hands increased. He pulled her to him, lifting her off the floor so she teetered on the tips of her toes. His smile had slipped away leaving his face completely expressionless, a stark contradiction to the fierce, possessive glare of his eyes.  She struggled to get free, only the more she struggled the tighter his hold became.  She struck him in the face with her two clenched fists yet the impact barely registered on his face.  Then, he smiled, a cruel, wicked smile that had her heart slamming against her chest.  Frantically she reached for the dagger concealed in her boot, yet couldn’t quite get her fingers to it.
He swallowed her scream as his mouth pressed hard and aggressive against hers, taking her where she stood.  She felt weightless yet the pressure in her head was unrelenting, then the room around her simply disappeared and she was plunged into darkness.  
Something moved, slithered toward her, a presence so horrific it was inconceivable to think of it as human.  It weaved through her legs, climbed higher, devouring her inch by suffocating inch. She screamed, but the sound was consumed by the void.  Lilia fought, yet was powerless against such a formidable force.  But her soul refused to succumb, refused to let the darkness take her and it screamed to Heaven for salvation before she lost consciousness.
Ramon swept aside her futile mind block to capture her every memory, every desire.  Heat scorched him when he realized she was a virgin. So his little fire starter had never given herself up to the sins of the flesh, had never so much as felt a man’s touch.  He shuddered with ecstasy.  The need to take her right then and there was overwhelming yet he resisted and continued implanting his own depraved memories and desires. 
 He began the ancient incantation that would bond their souls together, but was thrust from her mind before he could complete the opening lines. A snarl curled his lip. And, despite the disturbance in the atmosphere he held her to him, savoring the warmth of her skin against his chest.  The pleasure was short lived as the air thickened with menace and lightning ripped through the night sky like the flash of blades.  He threw back his head and roared with fear and uncontrollable rage.

Contempt was stamped into the lines of Louis’s face when he materialized a few feet from Ramon. Louis didn’t recognize the man before him, it was the entity dwelling within him that he was familiar with. And, although Ramon was not without his own power it was pale in comparison to the power that exuded from Louis.  He glanced to his right as a spiral of crystal particles danced and swirled to create a kaleidoscope of colour. The vortex stilled and there stood another powerful male. Louis’s groan was indiscernible then he turned the full force of his penetrating gaze back to Ramon.
Ramon’s arms tightened possessively around Lilia.  “What took you so long?” he scoffed, hatred evident in his gaze. “Perhaps you’re not the great hunter you think you are.” He had the audacity to sound disillusioned. 
Louis smiled. “Yet here I’ am.” 
Ramon crushed Lilia against the solid wall of his chest. Rage consumed him, but even he wasn’t foolish enough to try to defeat two hunters.   And, although the thought of leaving her behind enraged him further he had no other choice. He could find her easily enough and okay he wouldn’t have the element of surprise, but the thrill of the chase would be equally enjoyable. 
He bent his head, whispering promises to her in an ancient tongue.  His eyelids fluttered down as he inhaled her exquisite scent, nuzzling her neck like a smitten lover and then looked up and smiled at the contempt on both their faces. With a snarl he flung her limp body toward them, and with blurring speed shot through the open French windows. 
Leon gave chase as Louis caught Lilia in his arms, lowered her to the floor and then joined the pursuit. Leon had taken to the air, but unfortunately Ramon hadn’t left as much as a vapor trail.  Louis stood on the balcony, his mind focused as he scanned every soul in the vicinity, but there was no trace of Ramon.  He smashed his fist into the balustrade, splitting the block of granite in two. 

The cold marble floor was hard, but it was the pounding in her head that roused her from her stupor, and with every deep penetrating beat the pain increased.  She could hear voices and although one sounded strangely familiar she couldn’t recollect to whom it belonged. She tried to clear her thoughts, to understand what was happening, but her mind was a whirlwind of confusion. 
Ramon had seized her by the head, that much was clear. His grip so strong and unyielding she couldn’t break free. He’d kissed her, devoured her actually; the rest was a blur. A shiver ran down her spine just thinking about it.
She had a nagging suspicion he’d known her intentions all along.
Lilia stayed down, straining to hear as sure fingers sought assistance. Amazingly her stiletto dagger was still in the secret compartment of her boot. Even more surprising was that he hadn’t taken the custom made revolver from her calf holster. Smiling she slid the blade from its sheath and laid it down beside her, the gun she held on to. It was long and sleek, the weight and coolness of the steel reassuringly familiar in her hand. 
She was back in the game.

They strode through the French windows to where Lilia lay. “What are we going to do with the woman?” Leon asked. 
Lilia's heart raced as adrenaline rich blood swept through her.  The odds were stacked against her, but she was willing to fight to the death as long as she took Ramon with her.
Louis shook his head as his gaze drifted over her. Her clothes left little to the imagination. He stepped astride her, leaned forward, took her by the shoulder and gently turned her over. 
Lilia brought both hands up as she rolled over. With nothing more than a cursory glance she aimed the revolver at the blond haired man standing to her left. Her main concern was the man looming over her. 
Louis couldn’t fail to notice the exceptionally long blade she’d pulled on him, or that the tip was a scant inch from his scrotum, but it was the defiance in her eyes that captured his attention. She was unperturbed by their presence and her unwavering, confident glare refused to release him. She had courage, he’d give her that. Odd, but he couldn’t drag his gaze from hers and no sooner had the idiotic notion crossed his mind did something inside him stir. 
To her surprise he didn’t make a move in his defense, or utter a word in protest, he just stared right back at her with eyes so dark blue they were like the midnight sky on a clear, frosty night. A mop of lush black hair fell about his strikingly handsome face. It was hard to say how tall he was, but given her arm was at full stretch, the blade adding a further eight inches she was still short of his groin, making him at least 6’ 6”.  Now wasn’t the time to admire a well-toned, muscular body, and even if it was her eyes were reluctant to leave the allure of his mouth. She’d put money on him being a good kisser?
Her eyes narrowed. Had she lost her mind completely?  She was lying on the floor, surrounded by two capable looking men with not a clue as to where Ramon was. So why was she focusing on his mouth?  Probably because he was the epitome of masculine beauty. Yet, despite his heavenly good looks the sense of danger was inescapable. 
Lilia stole a glance at his pal.  He was leaner, an inch or two small with wavy, collar length sand blond hair. Amusement sparkled from sky blue eyes. She was tempted to ask what was amusing him, but let it go, because no matter how handsome they were, they hadn’t come to party. 
Leon was intrigued by Louis’s reaction to the woman. He turned from him to find Lilia looking at him. “Care to tell us who you are and what you’re doing here?” 
Louis’s gaze drifted over her, taking in every detail of the woman lying defiantly between his legs.  Cobalt blue eyes held his gaze, one perfectly shaped brow raised at his close scrutiny. He drew a deep breath and dragged his gaze from her mouth. Her creamy complexion seemed translucent against the abundance of chocolate-brown hair flowing in waves to the floor behind her. Regardless of her cheap, wanton attire, she was the essence of natural beauty.  His gaze drifted along her slender arm to examine the silver dagger she held firmly to his groin.  A long, thin blade baring the symbol of infinity on both blade and hilt, an intriguing piece and one he felt sure he’d seen before.
Lilia couldn't keep the annoyance from her face or voice as her gaze flicked to Leon. “None of your bloody business.” She didn’t see Louis move and before she realized what was happening he’d taken the dagger from her.  Defiance masked fear as she glared up at him, but she had no hope of controlling her swirling stomach. 
Despite her bravado, fear and confusion washed over Louis in tangible waves. It had not been his intention to intimidate her yet judging by the accelerated beat of her heart, he had.  He bent toward her and offered his hand. “I’m Louis.” 
His familiar voice filled her with reassurance which was odd as she’d never laid eyes on him. She would definitely have remembered if she had.  Reluctantly she re-holstered her weapon and took his hand. 
He enveloped her hand in his and pulled her to her feet. “And, you are?”
“Lilia,” popped out before she could stop it. Pasha you idiot, Pasha.   She glanced around the room. “Where the hell’s Ramon?”
Leon looked at Louis and then back to Lilia.  “That’s what we’d like to know, but first of all, what are you doing here?” 
“I’m Ramon’s escort for the evening.” She saw no reason to deviate from the original story. 
“Lilia, I know we’re living in violent times, but escorts aren’t usually armed to the teeth,” Louis replied matter-of-factly. 
Leon sent her a wolfish smile.  “We’re not police officers we just need to know what you’re doing here?”   There was no mistaking the demand in his tone.
Louis glared at Leon out of the corner of his eye then turned his gaze back to Lilia.  “It’s obvious you had an ulterior motive for coming here and I’m assuming by your penchant for weapons that you came to kill Ramon. What we need to know is who sent you?” 
There was an edge to his voice, now, an unmistakably dominance that unnerved her more than she cared to admit.  They couldn’t possibly know she was there to kill Ramon. They were bluffing, right? A deep frown creased her brow.  
Lilia hadn’t realized Louis was still holding her hand and snatched it away as if she’d been burned. She rubbed her palm on her leather clad thigh, but the tingling sensation lingered. 
Louis gaze dropped to her thigh, he raised a brow, but the rest of his features remained unmoved.  “There is no need to fear us Lilia, we mean you no harm.  We just need to know who sent you,” his voice compelled her to give him the answers he sought.
It was a struggled not to blurt out the whole sorry tale.  “The agency sent me. One of those S&M trips, more rough than tumble, you know what I mean. But no matter how rough it gets the boss draws a line at us killing the clients.” A fleeting smile fell short of her eyes. “And don’t flatter yourself, I don’t scare that easily.” 
Leon laughed and then pretended to clear his throat when Louis glared at him. 
“See if he left behind anything of importance.”
Leon didn’t bother to reply simply pushed himself from the wall he’d been leaning against and went to search the apartment. 
“Please forgive Leon's rude behavior, for this is an unexpected situation that neither of us is familiar with.”  
He was smooth alright, but she was nobody’s fool. Something sinister lay just beneath the veneer of civilized grace and charming sophistication.  “So where is he?”  Lightning flashed in her eyes, despite the trepidation in her voice.
“Allow me to explain.  Leon and I have been…” Hunting was far too alarming. “Searching for Mr. Blur for quite some time now and have only just located him here in New York.”
A frown shadowed Lilia’s brow. She knew British Intelligence had a file on Ramon, God only knew who else was after him. “Who are you?  F.B.I. Interpol?” 
“No, we’re not connected to those organizations.  This is a private matter. One you may be able to assist us with,” Louis replied. 
She gave him her most congenial smile.  She didn’t have a clue what was going on and she certainly wasn’t waiting around to find out.  “I wish I could,” she lied, raising her arm to look at her watch, “Is that the time already, I really must be going.” 
Louis stepped closer, the intensity of his eyes captivating her, drawing her into their fathomless depths.  Her eyes glazed over, her breathing becoming shallow and she teetered as she fought to keep her eyes open.  He reached out to steady her, wrapping his hand around her upper arm in a firm embrace.  Her warmth seeped through his pores, taking the chill from his blood as it raced up his arm then flooded his chest, his stomach muscles clenched uncomfortably as an unfamiliar sensation gripped him.  Not wanting to analyze the strange phenomenon further he set about retrieving the information she held within.  
He raced through her mind fleeting over her entire existence to examine the events leading up to the present moment.  Lilia was a professional killer, who’d been trained by the British Secret Service, but she wasn’t here for them, this was personal.  She’d been tracking Ramon's movements for a while now and thought she knew all there was to know about him.  She believed him a depraved, twisted individual, a sexual deviant capable of inflicting the most heinous of crimes.  His most condemning was taking the life of her closest friend a year ago. 
Her sorrow washed through him and hot on the heels of the pain and anguish was an unrelenting need for vengeance.  Posing as a high class prostitute she’d entered Ramon’s apartment with the sole intention of plunging her silver dagger straight through his pumping heart, but unbeknown to her he’d had plans of his own.  He’d ensnared her with his mind, sending her into a trance while searching for the light that burns so very brightly. Fortunately she’d lost consciousness and was unaware of the extreme peril she’d been in.  She knew nothing of the preceding events until she’d come to and confronted them. 
He was intrigued how this young woman had tracked the elusive demon when he’d failed to do so. 
Lilia’s survival instincts kicked in and she stepped back in an attempt to put some distance between them, forcing him to release her arm.  She shook off the unnatural sense of serenity. She was far from safe and needed her wits about her with this handsome charmer. Both brows rose into a perfect arch. “Well, where is he?” 
“After his failed attempt to take possession of your soul, he fled,” Louis said without embellishment, nodding toward the open French windows. He hadn’t meant to tell her so bluntly, if at all.  Luckily she didn’t seem to be taking him seriously.
 “Take possession of my soul, right.” The sarcasm literally dripped from her words.  She glanced over at the open doors. “Oh come on, we’re ten floors up.” 
Louis’s expression remained stoical.  “The height is irrelevant. What is important is that you understand how precarious this situation is.” Louis was unfazed by her derisive attitude and pleased he hadn’t frightened her with talk of possession. 
Lilia strode out onto the balcony. Unperturbed by the cold night air biting at her bare skin she placed her hands on the balustrade and leaned out over the balcony, looking for anything that would serve as an escape route.  There wasn’t so much as a measly ledge. 
She went back inside, her gaze finding the dark intensity of his. She wasn’t sure what was going on or where Ramon was, but she sure as hell wasn’t waiting around to find out. “I need to be going,” Lilia said turning away from him in search of her coat. She was glad he didn’t try to stop her because skilled as she was in the art of combat, she knew instinctively that she was no match for him. 
Louis’s gaze followed her around the room. Considering she’d encountering one of the most evil beings on earth she was relatively calm and collected.  Obviously she was unaware of the threat Ramon posed. She didn’t know what a lucky escape she’d had.
Leon returned from his search, glanced at Lilia then motioned for Louis to join him.
“What?” Louis asked without taking his eyes from Lilia.  Receiving no response he turned to Leon and what he held in his hand.
Leon handed a number of photographs to Louis.  “Looks like he’s been following her for a while.” 
Louis studied each photograph. On some Lilia was with family or friends, others showed her walking along a busy street or shopping at the local store.  The most disturbing was the one of her entering what appeared to be her apartment.  A deep frown shadowed his brow. Ramon didn’t usually play this sort of cat and mouse game with his victims, he took what he wanted then devoured them when they were no longer of any use. What the hell was he up to? 

Lilia retrieved her coat from the stand and flung it around her shoulders as she watched Leon pass Louis a dozen or so photographs. They hadn’t divulged their interest in Ramon, which was fine with her because as far as she was concerned they could take a ticket and get in line.  She was intrigued by their stern faces, though, but not enough to miss a chance to slip away. 
Louis raised his head and captured her gaze. Just a glance from those dark, intense eyes was all it took to make her heart race and she wasn’t entirely sure if it had anything to do with being scared.  He looked away first, his focus returning to the photographs. She made her way to the door, slowly turned the lock and opened it a few scant inches then slipped out of the apartment unnoticed.  


Chapter 2
Lilia closed her apartment door and sank back against it. Despite being furious at having let Ramon escape her shoulders slumped with relief.  She’d spent months preparing for this night and it had all been for nothing.  Even worse, she had a strong suspicion he’d known who she was all along and had been playing her for a fool.  
Slamming the heel of her foot into the door she pushed herself up, gave it another swift kick then made her way along the hall to the bathroom.  She filled the tub, sprinkled in a mixture of healing salts and inhaled the soothing fragrance as stiff fingers rubbed at the ache in her neck. 
Peeling off her clothes she dropped them to the floor then stepped in to the steaming tub and slowly submerged her body, closed her eyes and tried to work out what the hell had gone wrong. 
But all she could remember was Ramon seizing her by the head, the struggle to reach her weapons when she realised the game was up, and the next thing she knew, she was lying on the floor being confronted by two strangers and Ramon was nowhere to be seen.
He could have drugged her she supposed, put something in the drinks to knock her out?  She shuddered.  Just the thought of being unconscious in Ramon’s presence made her stomach heave. As did the notion of him trying to possess her, so she pushed it from her mind, because it was not only disturbing, it was pretty scary too. God only knows what might have happened if the other two hadn’t shown up.  
   Dressed in her new green and yellow striped fleecy pyjamas she clambered into bed, sank beneath the covers and started her prayers. She always asked God to protect her family and friends.  Asked Him to make better those that were sick. But she never asked for anything for herself apart from protection and guidance. Well, there was that one time she asked Him to let her win the W.H. Smith’s win a Pony competition, but that was a one off. There was one other prayer and that was for God to send her someone who’d love her for all eternity and she in turn would love them.  Only tonight she drifted off before she could complete it. 
She slept fitfully, nightmare after nightmare. Dreams of Gina, running from her tormentor, her agonising screams piercing the gloom as Ramon tore out her soul.  Even more grotesque, more disturbing, were the dreams of her and Ramon, their bodies entwined in obscene sexual acts.  And no matter how repulsive those dreams were, they couldn’t compare to those depicting the torture and death of women and children, their blood smeared over her naked body in some sort of demonic ritual.
Lilia went over a precipice, falling into the dark abyss. Harrowing screams bombarded her, engulfed her, piercing her soul until the cries emanated from her.  She plunged further, through the slick, oily darkness that sought to devour her.  Her scream was swallowed by the fall.  Falling fast, falling deeper, she hit the bottom with a sudden jolt.
She sat bolt upright in bed, her senses on full alert as she scanned the apartment for anything amiss, her hand seeking the .38 snub-nose she kept under her pillow.  Just a dream she reassured herself as an irrepressible yawn contorted her face.  By the shafts of light streaming through the room it was time to get up, but that didn’t stop her from snuggling back under the covers. 
 She flinched as the doorbells shrill chime pierced the serenity of the room.  Flinging the covers off she scrambled out of bed, wincing as her head began to throb. “Who the hell’s this?” She padded down the hall to the door, flicked on the security monitor and stood staring at the face peering back at her.
   Louis, the guys from Ramon’s apartment, was, without a doubt, the most handsome man she’d ever laid eyes on, on the down side, he was also extremely intimidating. 
How had he found her and, more importantly, what did he want?  She took a deep breath in an attempt to soothe her chaotic thoughts.  Surely if he’d wanted to kill her he’d have done it in Ramon’s apartment.  Perhaps he was only after information?  
Her gaze drifted to the hallway mirror. The dark shadows under her eyes had not been there the night before, neither had the mass of tangles.  She ran her fingers through her hair in an attempt to smooth the unruly mess but gave up when her fingers became entangled. Cupping her hand over her mouth she panted then laughed as amusement swept through her. You’re not going to kiss him, you idiot. 
“It’s Louis, Lilia. Open the door.”  The mild compulsion was not evident in his tone. 
Without hesitation she slid back the bolts, turned the locks and opened the door.  Louis’s large frame filled the doorway and if it wasn’t for the faintest of smiles he’d have appeared even more menacing. 
“So, you made it home safely, then. You gave us quite a stir, sneaking off the way you did.”  He sounded pleasant enough as his gaze drifted over her, but there was no denying the slight trace of censure in his tone.
Her face flushed at his close scrutiny.  Why did she have to look a complete mess when he looked good enough to eat?  But she was nobody’s fool and certainly not susceptible to his handsome good looks, however amazing they were.  Men like him were usually self-obsessed and she trusted her instincts when they told her he was trouble.  
She shrugged, her smile small yet confident nonetheless. “You could hardly call it sneaking when I told you I was going.” Regardless of the fact that she didn’t know who he was or what he wanted she stepped back and allowed him in. 
He smiled yet made no further comment as he stepped over the threshold and stood with his hands clasped in front of him while Lilia closed the door behind them.
“You’ll have to excuse me, I’ve only just got up.” She pushed a wayward strand of hair behind her ear. He couldn’t have come when she was dressed, oh no, he had to come now, when she was still in her pyjamas and had a head like Medusa. 
“I’m about to make breakfast if you’d care to join me.” 
What was she doing inviting him to breakfast?  Well if he came here to kill her, then this would be the perfect opportunity.
His gaze glided over her as she moved with feminine grace, exuding confidence with every step she took.  What he found most peculiar was that he couldn’t draw his gaze from the slight sway of her hips.  Following her into the kitchen he leaned against the countertop, watching as she prepared breakfast.  He was amused that she sang along to the songs on the radio regardless of his presence. That she sang off key didn’t deter her either. Evidently she’d been deaf since birth. 
Lilia placed a plate of toast on the table and glanced at Louis.  Odd how he seemed so familiar?  “Sit down, make yourself at home,” she said reaching up to take two glasses from the cupboard. 
The top of her pyjamas drifted up as she reached for the glasses and he caught a glimpse of a well-toned stomach. A frown shadowed his brow as he was bathed in unfamiliar warmth. 
Lilia placed the glasses on the counter and opened the refrigerator. “I have Cranberry or Orange juice?” She held out the two cartons of juice and without conscious thought, shook the Cranberry carton. 
“Cranberry it is then.” 
Smiling, she pulled out her chair and sat, hooked bare feet around the front legs and shuffled closer to the table.  There was nothing like the smell of toast to make you hungry.  She took a slice and smeared a thick layer of strawberry jam over the top of it, smiled approvingly then took a huge bite.  “Ummm.” 

Louis watched her from across the table.  Not only did she have the courage to seek retribution for the death of her friend, she was also brave enough to let him in to her home when she must have suspected he was somehow involved.  He slipped into her mind and there hidden beneath the façade of nonchalance was anger and confusion.  
She thought Ramon had somehow managed to drug her, to render her defenceless, not that she was using it as an excuse for having let him escaped. Surprisingly she hadn’t given much thought as to whom he or Leon were and cared little that they’d known her intension. Her only concern was finding Ramon before he disappeared off the face of the earth. 
He was aware of her profession, of the path she had wholeheartedly chosen to follow, but he couldn’t find it in him to condemn her for it. In fact, her targets intrigued him, for each and every one of them was depraved. Not that he could reveal how he came by the information 
Ramon was a different matter entirely. She believed him a man, a man capable of extreme acts of violence and cruelty, but a man nonetheless. So, it was going to take all of his powers of persuasion to convince her to relinquish her role as avenger and put herself under his care and protection.
Lilia finished the first slice of toast and reached for a second.  She looked at Louis as she scooped another large helping of jam from the pot. “Help yourself.” 
“I’ll stick to the juice, thanks.” The whisper of a frown teased his brow.
“Sure I can’t tempt you, it’s really good,” She said and took another bite. 
“Somehow, I don’t think a red sticky smile will look as good on me as it does on you.”
Lilia smiled at him. “I was saving that for later,” she replied playfully, grateful for the brief release of tension and without conscious thought her tongue retrieved the wayward jam.
 His gaze never left her face, her mouth in particular, as her tongue licked the jam from her flushed cheeks.  His stomach muscles tightened as that strange unfamiliar sensation once again whirled through him, igniting tiny flames in its wake and quickened his heart, so much so he had to take a long, deep, calming breath to quell any further reaction. 
Lilia reached for a napkin and wiped away the last of the jam. She’d been trying her best to appear aloof, to establish herself as someone to take seriously, an equal, yet her stomach being a law unto itself swirled unashamedly at the look in his eyes. 
But she had no intention of feeding his ego by going all girly on him.  It wasn’t so much the well-toned muscular body or the mane of black hair that drew the attention, it was his eyes. And, even though they were the same blue, black colour as hers, his had the power to enthral. She tried not to linger on his mouth, yet couldn’t manage to drag her gaze from it.  She wondered what would happen if she reached across and slide her tongue along his bottom lip.  Her eyes widened. What the… 
Yes, he was hot to trot, and damn if he didn’t ooze sex appeal, but there was still no getting away from the fact that he was more trouble than she needed right now. 
“So, what can I do for you?” She asked nonchalantly.  
No one had ever thought of him as hot to trot and it amused him that she would think of him in such a way.  
“Well, as you seem totally unaware of the threat Ramon poses, I thought it best I come and warn you.” 
“That’s very gallant of you.” The smile softened the bite in her tone. “But, trust me, I know all I need to know about him. And, anyway, I’m more than capable of taking care of myself.  So, if you have business with Ramon, I suggest you get on with it and let me do the same.”
Louis put the glass back onto the table.  “You’re resourceful, I’ll give you that, but you’d be dead, now, or much, much worse, had we not arrived when we did.” His raised brow mirrored hers. “You may think you’re in pursuit of him, but you are very much mistaken. In fact, the only reason you were able to snare him was because he let you.” 
 Reaching inside his jacket he pulled out a white envelope and placed it on the table, his fingers tapping a slow rhythm on it as he held her gaze. “There are things you need to be aware of.” He pushed the envelope toward her.  
Lilia picked the envelope up without taking her gaze from his. There was genuine concern in his voice which disturbed her all the more. She shook out the content of the envelope and watched in stunned silence as photographs of her scattered across the table. Placing her finger on the one of her entering her apartment building she slid it toward her. So that was how he’d found her so quickly. Her gaze drifted back to the other photographs and the breath left her lungs in a short, sharp pant. She looked at him seeking some sort of explanation, maybe even reassurance that she’d jumped to the wrong conclusion, but found no solace in his eyes. 
She discarded the other photographs and raised the two of her and Gina to her chest, closing her eyes as the memories came flooding back. They’d been shopping in the West End, spending far too much on shoes they didn’t need and because it was such a beautiful day they’d spent the afternoon in Hyde Park. They went their separate ways a little after five and by ten that night, Gina was dead.
  He’d killed Gina, for no other reason, than to attract her attention, the sick fuck, and she’d played right in to his hands. Her face crumpled in anguish as silent tears began to flow. 
A wave of guilt washed through Louis, leaving a deep, unexpected ache in his chest. It was his failings that had allowed Ramon to commit such an atrocity, and therefore, he was responsible for both Gina’s and Lilia’s lives being torn apart.  
  Before he could stop himself he reached across and placed his hand over hers, his thumb brushing a soothing caress, but she was so distressed she barely noticed. Unable to bear her tears a moment longer he stood, raised her from her seat and pulled her trembling body against him.
  In all his long existence he had never been in a situation that called for such close personal contact, yet he was unable to stand by as her world came apart. Hhe wrapped his arms around her and held her close. Without conscious thought he lowered his head to hers and nuzzled her hair, inhaling her scent as he filled her with warmth and reassurance. Despite everything he couldn’t fail to notice how nice she smelled. 
Lilia was aware of his body pressed against hers, but the warmth radiating from him was so comforting she didn’t want to let go.  He smelled good too, like the forest after a heavy shower, all fresh and clean.  But guilt was a cruel mistress who refused to allow her any form of solace. This whole nightmare was her fault and she should be ashamed for seeking comfort in his arms. 
With her head bowed she backed away from him.  She didn’t deserve his pity. “I’m sorry. I don’t know what came over me.” Splayed fingers tried to conceal her red, runny nose as she glanced around the kitchen for a tissue.  
Louis reached into his coat and retrieved a white handkerchief, shook it open, then handed it to her.  She took it without looking at him. He didn’t want to admit invading her thoughts without so much as a by-your-leave and therefore knew all about the death of her friend.  And, having witnessed the atrocities Ramon had committed understood why she was so distraught.
Lilia took her seat, sniffed and managed a forlorn smile before picking the photographs back up.  She shook her head. If she was such a skilled professional then how come she hadn’t known she was being followed? The point was, she should have known and maybe then she wouldn’t have failed to protect one of the most important people in her life.  
She passed the photograph to Louis who took it from her without a word, his gaze drifted over it then returned to her.  She stifled a small shudder before she could find the courage to confess. 
 “That’s my best friend Gina.” Unshed tears stung her eyes until one broke free and trickled down her flushed cheek.  “Ramon murdered her the very same night.”  She bit her lips together in an attempt to stop more tears from flowing. “And, if these are anything to go by,” she laid the photograph next to the others, “he did it knowing I’d come after him.” Her face crumpled in anguish.
“That does appear to be the case, but you are not responsible for his actions.”  He passed her yet another freshly laundered handkerchief as he took his seat. “However, there are things you need to know.” 
Lilia looked at him with apprehension. Surely things couldn’t get any worse, but if the solemn look on his face was anything to go by, they were about to. 
“Lilia, you have nothing to fear from me and be assured that I will do everything in my power to protect you. Now, there is no easy way to tell you this, so please try to keep an open mind.”  He stayed a shadow in her mind ready to fill her with reassurance should the need arise.  	“Ramon is not your typical psychopathic killer nor can he be easily destroyed.  He’s,” he paused briefly. To call him a demon would give her a greater understanding of what she was dealing with, but he didn’t want to frighten her at the same time. “Not entirely human.” 
A frown creased her brow. “What do you mean, not entirely human?” She scoffed, yet the sense of dread was suffocating. “What is he then?” 
“He’s a spirit.  One of the most evil spirits I have ever encountered, actually” he replied without further embellishment. 
The colour drained from her face when she realised he was deadly serious.  “What exactly do you mean by spirit?  Are you trying to tell me he’s a ghost?  Don’t be ridiculous.” She pushed a wayward strand of hair over her head.  “I’ve seen him in the flesh. He touched me.” The thought alone sickened her.  “You can’t be serious.” 
“Lilia, you of all people should know that people are not always as they seem and besides, what could I possibly hope to gain by making up such a thing? You need to know what you’re dealing with here.” 
Her heart beat so loudly she was sure he could hear it. He was telling the truth or what he believed to be the truth, but she also got the feeling he was holding something back. 
“Well, while you’re being so truthful perhaps you wouldn’t mind telling me who the hell you are and what you really want?” she retorted, hoping anger would help override the fear building in her.
“I came to warn you that a very powerful, highly skilled and extremely dangerous spirit is coveting you, for what purpose I do not know, but you have nothing to fear while you are under my protection.”
 “Under your protection.” She laughed. “I think I’ve given you the wrong impression.” She shrugged.  “Perhaps I’ve only got myself to blame for that, but I can assure you, I can take care of myself.” She stood, pushed the chair away with the back of her legs and went to the sink to rinse her glass.  She was annoyed that he thought her tears were a sign of weakness, and angry with herself for allowing him to witness them. 
He merged his mind with hers.  She was understandably confused, not knowing whom to trust or what to believe. Though, funnily enough she wasn’t in the least bit intimidated by Ramon or him.  However, she was irritated that he thought she needed his protection.  Lilia was a strange little thing, feisty with a confidence bordering on arrogance yet full of warmth and compassion.  His smile lingered, despite the strangest of sensations playing havoc with his insides.   




Chapter 3 
For all Lilia knew Louis was in league with Ramon and this was all some sort of elaborate trap, payback perhaps for taking out one of their associates. But for the life of her she couldn’t see why they would go to so much trouble if it was merely an act of revenge. 
  She inhaled deeply and turned to capture his gaze. “Why don’t you tell me what you really want?” 
What he really wanted to do was give the little imp a good shake.
“I came to offer you my protection.” His shrug was barely noticeable. “But as you choose not to listen?” His tone was ever so mild, yet there was no denying his displeasure.
“Will you just stop with this protection shit? Who do you think you are, coming in here, telling me you’re here to protect me?  I don’t need your protection.”  She glared at him. “And you still haven’t told me who you are,” she demanded as frustration welled up in her eyes.
 “Lilia, there is no need to get upset.  Please, come and sit down and I will tell you all you wish to know,” he replied in his usual calm, controlled voice, which only served to highlight her loss of control.
Lilia’s eyes narrowed and a single tear tumbled over the edge and made its way down her flushed cheek before she brushed it away with the back of her hand.  His blasé manner was really getting on her nerves.       
“Oh I’m not upset Louis, but if you don’t stop patronising me you’ll be the one who needs protecting.” 
It had not been his intention to cause her further upset and he was sorry that he had, but that didn’t stop him smiling at her little outburst. She was such a feisty little thing. Unable to stop himself he moved swiftly toward her and took her hand. 
“Forgive me, Lilia,” his voice was a soothing caress.  “I did not mean to imply that you’re hysterical. On the contrary, I think you are handling this extremely well.”
Her small delicate hand felt fragile in his and so very, very soft.  Although he felt it his duty to protect her, he was totally unprepared for the depth of feelings such a bond would induce and, dare he admit, at a loss at how to handle the situation. Probably because, in all his long existence he had never allowed himself the pleasure of a woman’s company and as a result was totally unprepared for his reaction to her.  Nevertheless he was determined to protect her and protect her he would. Whatever the cost.
She was held not only by his hand, but by the dark fathomless depths of his eyes. She would have pulled away only the warmth spreading through her was easing the vice-like tension in her body.  
Her heart slammed against her chest as she fought to control her reaction to him. Surely it was a sin for a man to be so physically attractive.  His voice was spellbinding, too, and although she couldn’t quite place the slight accent, oddly enough the cadence was reassuringly familiar, so much so that her soul sought his without her even being aware of it. 
She’d always been aloof were men were concerned, a prerequisite of her profession, so why did she feel such a strong sexual attraction to him, and it wasn’t just physical either. It was as if he’d mesmerised her and she couldn’t understand, apart from the obvious, why she was reacting to him in such a way. 
She was still pondering when lewd images of her and Ramon, bombarded her mind, their naked bodies entwined in some obscene sexual act. More disturbing was that she appeared to be in a state of ecstasy.  
Her stomach heaved and her head swirled at the thought of Ramon touching her. She pulled her hand from Louis’s in horror, averting her face from his close scrutiny.  The way he looked at her made her feel like he could read her every thought and she certainly didn’t want him seeing those images. A frown shadowed her brow at the absurdity of her thoughts. 
The verdict was still out on Louis; yes there was an element of danger about him and as yet he hadn’t been forthcoming with what it was he actually wanted, but for some strange unknown reason she wanted to trust him.   That said, she still needed to put some space between them and clear her head.  She had another job to do while in New York and she’d take care of that tonight, then she could relax a little, get her things ready for going home.  The hunt for Ramon would have to wait until she returned.  
“Look, I’ve got a lot to do,” she sent him a thin lipped smile, “so if you don’t mind.” 
He couldn’t blame her for not wanting to believe that Ramon was a spirit, for it was totally beyond her comprehension and although she didn’t want to admit it, the thought terrified her. She was far more comfortable believing him to be flesh and blood. Flesh and blood she could handle.
Louis’s smile widened as his dark eyes drifted lazily over her. “Oh I’m sure you do, but you must deal with the matter at hand, Lilia.  This situation with Ramon will not simply go away because you wish it and whether you choose to believe or not you know what kind of man he is. You can’t seriously believe that he will let this go?”
Lilia shrugged her shoulders. “No, I don’t suppose he will, but I don’t intend to live my life in fear Louis.  And, if it is me he wants, then he’ll be back and that’s when I’ll kill him.”
“You’re courageous, I’ll give you that. You’re also extremely obstinate.”  The smile faded. “So I will say it once more so that maybe this time you will grasp how dire a situation this is.  Ramon is an immensely powerful spirit, therefore it would be virtually impossible for you to destroy him.” He wasn’t trying to belittle or frighten her, he just wanted her to understand what she was dealing with.  
“You expect me to believe you, but what proof is there?” Stiff fingers smoothed the furrows from her brow. “And, more to the point, what’s your involvement in all of this?”
Louis’s dark gaze drifted over her face, registering the anxiety in her eyes. “No, I don’t expect you to believe me, but I do expect you to trust your instincts.” His shrug was barely discernible. “As for my involvement, well, I’m the one who has to deal with such fiends.” 	  
“So you’re some sort of paranormal investigator?” She laughed, but there was no amusement on her face. 
“Something like that,” Louis said without embellishment.
She huffed, shaking her head. “Dare I ask how long you’ve known that he’s been stalking me? Please tell me it wasn’t before he murdered Gina.” Her nostrils flared as she took a deep breath. 
“Lilia, I didn’t even know you existed until last night. So, no, I wasn’t aware he was stalking you. I’d have warned you immediately if I had.” 
 She raked her fingers through her hair.  “But how did you know where he was going to be? 
“That’s just it, we didn’t know where he was.” Louis sighed.  “You see, he’s learned how to mask his true identity by hiding in the body of a human, which makes it virtually impossible for us to track him.  Fortunately when he tried to take possession of you there was a surge of power in the atmosphere which drew us to him.”  
“He would have known we could trace the source back to him, but he was willing to take that chance, for you.” 
“Why, though? I mean, I could understand if he was one of my targets, but he wasn’t. The first I knew of him was when he murdered Gina.”  A fresh wave of guilt swept through her, but she wasn’t about to let her emotions get the better of her again. Taking a long, deep calming breath she fixed her gaze on Louis.
“And, if these are anything to go by,” she nodded at the photographs, “he’s had plenty of opportunities to kill me. So, if he doesn’t want me dead, what does he want?” 
Louis shifted in his seat, yet his gaze never wavered. “Your soul.” 
“My soul?” Her eyes sparkled with amusement and then she began to laugh. 
His left brow rose. It wasn’t the reaction he’d expected, but he was glad to see the coiled tension ease from her. 
 “Sorry, I didn’t mean to laugh,” she said and sat back at the table. “it’s just that this is all so far-fetched, I feel like I’m losing my mind.”
Despite the absurdness of it all, she felt curiously comfortable in his company. Perhaps it was that he seemed so sincere, and his concern appeared genuine enough. She liked, too, that he captured her gaze whenever she looked at him, which was often. And, it wasn’t just that he was handsome either, there was far more to Louis than mere masculine beauty. 
“So, what happens now?” 
He had to admit, if only to himself, that he liked the way she looked at him, the way she smiled at him.  That she found him beautiful was amusing. Women were beautiful, not men and just looking at her confirmed that.  He made a determined effort to drag his gaze from her mouth. 
She was temptation personified which should have been all the warning he needed, yet the urge to touch her face to see if her skin felt as soft as it looked would not subside. It was only her vulnerable state and his inexperience in such matters that kept him seated.
“Now?” He hadn’t given much thought as to how he would protect her, but there was a simple solution. “I’d like you to come with me.” He smiled at the wide eyed look on her face.  “It’s the most rational thing to do.” 
“Not to me it isn’t.” She shook her head, but there was a smile on her face.  “And, anyway I am going back home tomorrow so there’s no need to worry.”
His shoulders sagged. “If only it were that simple.” He spread the photographs out, pushing the one of her at her parents’ home toward her. “A little thing like the Atlantic Ocean won’t stop him from finding you.”
“Good.  Let him find me,” she sniffed, “because when he does, he’s dead.” She smiled smugly and then frowned. How did he know she’d be crossing the Atlantic?
He’d divulged far too much already yet felt she deserved further explanation.  “If you were to kill him, and I very much doubt that you could, then Ramon will simply leave that body and possess another.  A powerful spirit such as he can be traced without the shelter of a flesh and blood body so he will likely seek to possess a child, as the light radiating from the child’s soul will conceal the darkness he exudes.  He will reside within the child as it grows, then when the child reaches puberty he will turn the light of lights to darkness.  The essence of that being will be cast out and all that will remain is Ramon.  Therefore, it is imperative that we find him alive,” he said, as if it was an everyday occurrence for evil spirits to possess children.
The inside of her thumb was raw with the continual scraping of her fingernail. “So you’re telling me that he was once an innocent child and if this spirit hadn’t possessed him then he wouldn’t have become the monster he is?” And, if that were so, could she exact vengeance on someone who wasn’t responsible for their action?
Her head was pounding. This whole nightmare was becoming more unbearable by the minute. Giant wings beat at her insides making her nauseous and suddenly she could barely find enough air to breathe. 
Louis took her hand and pulled her up onto rubbery legs. He’d needed her to understand the repercussions of killing Ramon.  He also needed her to understand that Ramon was his responsibility and that he would be the one who would find and finally destroy him. Unfortunately his latest revelation had distressed her to such a degree that she visibly paled, even swayed slightly and without conscious thought his arm swept around her waist so that he could draw her against his chest. 
It had crossed his mind to simply take Lilia without her consent, or knowledge.  It would be easy enough to erase her memory of the entire event. For some strange unknown reason though, he could not bring himself to do so. Irresponsible of him, yes, but this situation was as new to him as it was to her and for the first time in his long existence he was unsure how to proceed. Slowly he eased her away from the shelter of his body and held her at arms-length.  
“No, Ramon was never innocent and as for the soul that was expelled when he took full possession, well that was reunited with the light immediately. So please don’t upset yourself as there is nothing for you to feel guilty about.  You take far too much on yourself, you really do. I am solely responsible for Ramon and I will deal with him,” he said in a voice that was calm and controlled, the purity of his tone hypnotically soothing.  
Her smile fell short of her eyes.  “It’s just the thought of him taking another child. I couldn’t bear it Louis, I really couldn’t.”   
She looked so vulnerable that he fought the urge to pull her back into his arms. “I will not let that happen, Lilia.  But do you see now why it is imperative that you relinquish your hunt for him.” 
“Okay!  Okay!” She shrugged his hands from her arms.  She knew it was the logical thing to do; apparently Louis was far more experienced in this type of situation than she was.  It was his words that had grated on her nerves, ‘relinquish your hunt for him.’  She had never given up on anything in her life, especially something as personal as this. 
“So where do we go from here?  What happens now?”  She stared at him defiantly.  “Am I supposed to just sit around while you go off and play the action hero?  Because I think you already know that I’m not that kind of girl.” 
Though, to be fair some of her emotionally charged mood swings were giving her cause for concern.  Why, when she could always rely on her self-control was she finding it increasingly difficult to remain focused. It wasn’t just the tears and anger, as they were understandable, it was her reaction to Louis she found most unsettling.  
The way he looked at her wasn’t helping matters either. And, despite his overbearing attitude she felt irrationally safe in his company and, dare she admit, desired.  
She banished her thoughts immediately.  She wasn’t the gooey romantic type in need of a hero to protect her; she was a professional killer and more than capable of protecting herself.

Although it was unfair of him to keep merging his mind with hers he found he was unable to resist.  She really did amaze him.  One moment she was consumed with grief, the next she was defiant and as brave as any warrior princess of old, determined to rid the world of evil and save the innocent.  
“Lilia, I have no intention of letting you sit around anywhere.  I’m taking you with me,” he said confidently, with a subtle hint of arrogance and the whisper of a smile on his face. 
Her eyes widened. “You’re not taking me anywhere.” She huffed. “Who the bloody hell, do you think you are?” She couldn’t believe the nerve of him. “You’ve no authority over me Louis, so don’t think you can start bossing me around.” She shook her head, but there was the trace of a smile on her mouth.
He raised an expressive brow at her haughty comments. “Lilia, why does everything have to turn into a battle with you?  I have no intention of forcing you to do anything you do not wish to do,” he denied.  “I am merely thinking of your wellbeing.”
Lilia exhaled deeply as she pushed a wayward strand of hair over her head. “Louis, I’ll say this slowly, so maybe this time you understand. I don’t need you to protect me because I can take care of myself!” 
He was driving her crazy. 
And if he didn’t stop looking at her like that she was going to kiss that infuriating smile right off his face. Her eyes widened. Why, with all that was going on, was she thinking of such brazen things? She needed to take control of herself and she certainly wasn’t going to do it while Louis was there distracting her. 
“Louis, I really appreciate your warning and I promise to take every precaution possible, but there are important things I need to be getting on with.  And as I’ve said, I’m going home tomorrow, so you needn’t worry.” 
Louis’s dark gaze held hers as he tried to maintain his composure when what he really wanted to do was shake some sense into her.  “More important than your life?  And, if you think he won’t follow you, then you are very much mistaken.” His mild tone made his words all the more menacing.
Lilia stared at him, her brow arched, warning him not to use that tone with her.  The point was she didn’t care if Ramon followed her, she actually wanted him to, well maybe not to her sister’s wedding, but when she got back, but Louis didn’t need to hear that. What he needed to hear was that she’d be very, very careful and as she planned on being, there was nothing to worry about.  And if he couldn’t accept that, well it was too bad, she still wasn’t going anywhere with him.
She ran her fingers through her wayward hair, rasping her nails over her crown irritably. “Look Louis.  I appreciate your concern, I really do, but it is highly inappropriate for you to suggest that I go with you. For one thing, I don’t even know you,” she said holding his gaze for a moment before looking away. 
She needed time to think, to clear her head and she couldn’t do that with Louis there, yet part of her wanted him to stay. A ridiculous notion when she’d always been independent and self-sufficient, but then again, she’d never had her head turned before and certainly never reacted to a man the way she’d reacted to him.  It was a little unnerving to say the least. 	
“I think it’s best if you go,” she said without making eye contact. 
He stood for a moment, waiting, hoping she would reconsider. He was reluctant to take her by force, however the thought of leaving her unprotected against a being such as Ramon, caused an unexplained tightening in his chest and once again he fought the urge to simply take her with him and damn the consequences.
Her reluctance to meet his gaze brought a smile to his face.  She could be full of passion one moment, the next this guarded almost timid young woman. He, however, had no such traits and refused to be manipulated. Nor would he be dismissed so easily. 
 “Best for whom, Lilia, not you, for Ramon yes, but certainly not you.”  He waited for her fiery response.
Lilia inhaled deeply as she captured his gaze.  “I will not live my life in fear Louis, and I certainly don’t appreciate you trying to scare me.  I’m scared enough as it is.”  There she’d admitted it, she was scared. And not only of Ramon, but of her attraction to Louis, too.
“Then come with me, let me pro…”  He stopped in the nick of time and smiled. “Come with me until we find Ramon.  Please, allow me to be of assistance to you while you are in need.” 
Part of her wanted to accept his offer and perhaps might have considered it if it hadn’t been for the fact that he’d said ‘need’.  He also had that infuriating, arrogant look on his face, as if he would accept no refusal.  Did he really think she would follow his lead so easily?  
“You really can’t help yourself, can you?  You sound sincere, but you’re so conceited it’s hard for you to maintain the pretence.” She shook her head and sighed. “I think it’s time you left, you’ve outstayed your welcome.” 
Louis had the nerve to look affronted, but she was past caring.  With a backward glance she strode out of the kitchen and along the hall to the front door.  Without even looking back she flung open the door, holding it wide to emphasise her point.  She’d well and truly had enough of Louis’s attitude.  Why had she even let him in? Her lower jaw jutted slightly off alignment in an unconscious show of annoyance.  She was really pissed off now.
Louis ran his hand through his hair. He’d pushed her too far and now she was annoyed with him.  He considered his options as he slowly walked toward her.  If he forced her to go with him she’d never forgive him and certainly would never trust him again.  She was confused and afraid, highly understandable as she’d never been in a situation such as this before, so it wasn’t surprising that her confidence had been considerably shaken. Her emotions were raw and she desperately needed to regain control. 	
He could relate to that, for he was also experiencing all sorts of strange unfamiliar emotions whilst in her company and had equated it to guilt.  She would never have been in this situation if it wasn’t for his failings yet it seemed more complex than that.  Guilt would never have produced such interesting emotions or sensations.  He decided that in her current state of mind it was probably best to give her some space, providing a measure of relief for them both.  He would monitor her movements, protect her should the need arise and should Ramon be foolish enough to attempt another assault upon her, he’d be waiting.  
He stopped a few inches from her, his large frame dwarfing hers.  His dark eyes drifted over every inch of her as he inhaled deeply, taking her essence deep within him.  He’d been in her mind, knew the path it followed and would be able to track her anywhere.  	
Lilia stared out into the empty hallway, focusing on anything but him. She took a long, deep breath in an attempt to calm her pounding heart. Not that it helped and if anything, the tempo increased with each step he took toward her. He stopped a scant inch from her, his large powerful frame towered over her. She wouldn’t look at him, couldn’t, if she did there would be trouble and she was in enough trouble already.  
The problem was that she could feel the heat of his body against her skin, could feel his dark burning eyes all over her.  He inhaled deeply, devouring her very essence and her traitorous legs went weak.  Her grip on the doorknob tightened.
Louis reached inside his jacket and withdrew a small black card. As she was still trying her best to ignore him, he raised his hand to her face with infinite slowness, curled his finger under her chin and gently turned her face to his and captured her gaze.  He took hold of Lilia’s hand and gently uncurled her clenched fingers then placed the card firmly in the centre of her palm before closing her fingers over it.  His hand fell back to his side after filling her with warmth and support, his assurance that she was not alone.  That she would never be alone.
“Call me.” 
She was determined not succumb to his charm, but the moment he touched her she was enthralled.  It was funny how he always seemed to be able to calm her temper though, to reassure her that everything would be alright. That he would be there for her if she needed him.  Perhaps it was the cadence of his voice, so hypnotic, so deliciously alluring, the odd thing was that she wasn’t even sure if he’d spoken aloud, yet his words echoed in her mind. ‘Call Me.’
She looked at the little black card in the palm of her hand, raising it for closer inspection. It looked no different from the numerous other business cards she’d seen, yet it felt different. Her thumb and forefinger began to make small circular motions over the surface.  It was hard to tell what material it was made of, but it definitely wasn’t paper. She continued to gently caress the surface which felt like Talcum powder beneath her fingers.  The card itself looked unremarkable, black in colour with silver ornate script which simply said, Louis 
“There’s no number on it,” she said looking up to capture his gaze.  But he was no longer there.  She stepped into the hallway; not there either? He’d disappeared, silently without a word.  She went back into her apartment and closed the door behind her and sank back against it, resting her head on the heavy wooden panel and sighed wearily. She’d demanded he leave and he had, so why she now felt lost and insecure was beyond her.
She pushed the ridiculous notion aside only to have it replace with Ramon. How could she have been so stupid?  He’d obviously been following her for ages yet she’d never once been aware of anyone watching her.  He had photos of me entering my apartment for God’s sake.   She shuddered at the thought.  And, what if Louis was telling the truth? What if Ramon really was some kind of evil spirit that was out to get her?  
Then there was Louis. He’d supposedly come to warn her of Ramon’s intentions, but who was he really, and why did he feel the need to offer her, a virtual stranger, his protection?   Her stomach swirled just thinking about him. Oh, she knew he was dangerous and had done since the first time she’d laid eyes on him, but it only added to the allure.  
But could he be trusted?  She wasn’t sure if he could. But she wanted to trust him more than anything and couldn’t understand why.  Yet, the thought of evil spirits and ghost hunters was beyond belief.  Her head began to pound as she tried desperately to analyse all that he’d said. It was useless though, her mind was a whirlwind of confusion and distrust and the more she tried to fathom things out the more confused she became. 
A small soft whimper escaped her as she fought the urge to cry and without conscious thought she raised Louis’s card to her trembling lips and held it there for a moment. “Well Lilia you aren’t going to get anything done sitting here feeling sorry for yourself,” she scolded herself aloud as she pushed herself off the door.  She looked at the card once more before slipping it into the breast pocket of her pyjamas.  She sure as hell didn’t know anything about spirits, but luckily, she knew a girl who did. 







Chapter 4
Leon sat with one leg slung over the arm of a huge, leather armchair, playing GTA on his ‘Xbox One’.  He wore a pair of tattered 501s and a baby blue t shirt that look as old as the jeans. A single flip-flop hung precariously from the big toe of his bobbing foot.  
The walls of the spacious room were painted white and with the exception of a matching armchair and couch the only other items of furniture were a ridiculously huge flat-screen TV, an expensive ‘Bang and Olufsen’ audio system and a glass cabinet, filled with a vast array of Blu-ray DVD’s.  There were no ornaments, pictures or photographs. 
Leon’s gaze remained focused on the screen as a warm breeze swept through the room. To the right of him swirled a spiral of shimmering crystal particles that reflected the light to create a kaleidoscope of colour which materialised into the solid form of Louis.  
Leon glanced at him, then back at the screen. “Well, where is she?”
Louis didn’t bother to reply as his gaze came to rest on the heap of games scattered around the base of Leon’s chair.  “I see you’ve been busy.” 
Pushing aside the offending cases with the side of his boot Louis made his way over to the empty couch. He slumped down, stretched his legs out in front of him, crossed them at the ankles then proceeded to tell Leon all that had transpired.  He did, however, fail to mention the instances when he’d taken Lilia in his arms.  
Leon rubbed at the deep frown in his brow.  He couldn’t believe that their most finely tuned instrument of justice and retribution, had revealed such damning information. But nothing was as shocking as the image projected from Louis’s mind, presumably without his knowledge, of him taking Lilia in his arms and holding her inappropriately. 
 What was he thinking?  To support and reassure was one thing, but what he’d seen in Louis’s mind was far more than mere comforting. He had embraced her, held her close and physically enjoyed the sensation of her warm body against his.  Louis knew such intimate contact was forbidden and that the consequences of such contact could be catastrophic for all concerned.  
What if she’d realised he wasn’t human?
Leon huffed.  “Why didn’t you just erase her memory and bring her here?” 
“If it were that simple, she’d be here, only it isn’t. She feels it’s her duty as well as her right to seek retribution for the death of her friend and there was little I could do to convince her otherwise.”
Leon glared at him. “Are you out of your mind? She’s a coldblooded killer.  She doesn’t deserve your compassion nor by the sound of it, appreciate it.” 
Louis’s cold, dark eyes held menace.  “Yes, she’s killed, but there is much more to her than that.  She is strong, courageous and full of compassion, a moral crusader if you like.  And, there is not the slightest trace of darkness in her soul.” As far as he was concerned the subject of Lilia the assassin was no longer up for discussion.
“So we’re just going to abandon her, and leave her to her own devices.” He shook his head. “Ramon will love that.” 
“I have no intention of abandoning her.”  He sat up in his seat and crossed his legs, his gaze drawn to the single strand of long, brown hair clinging to his t shirt. He coiled it around his finger as he looked back at Leon. “We’ll be keeping a very close eye on Ms. West and should Ramon be foolish enough to try to take her again, we’ll be waiting.” 
“And, is she aware that she’s being used as bait?” 
Louis’s fierce glare turned almost black. “Do you really think I would use her as bait? That, I would willingly sacrifice her life and soul, in order to recapture Ramon?”  The muscles in his jaw bulged as he dragged air into his lungs. 
“No, not intentionally, but you still left her there knowing he’ll try to seize her again.” He tossed the Xbox controller onto the empty seat next to Louis. 
“I had every intention of taking her with me, with or without her consent, even going so far as to erasing her memory, but…”  
“But?” Leon prompted. 
“But I couldn’t bring myself to do it.  I don’t know why, I just couldn’t.” He sighed warily. 
   Leon’s frown deepened as waited for him to continue.  Louis was a hunter, well versed in the capture and returning of evil spirits.  And, he never let anything disturbed or distracted him from his duty.  Yet since their encounter with Lilia the previous evening he’d been acting really strange.  He only hoped he hadn’t lost his mind completely and told her who he was.  Divulging information about Ramon was one thing, but if he’d told her who or more specifically what he was then he didn’t even want to think about the repercussions.  
“And who does she think you are Louis?  Please don’t tell me you told her who you are?” 
“Of course I didn’t tell her who I am. Besides there was no need to. Due to the bizarre nature of my revelations she presumed I was some sort of paranormal investigator and I saw no reason to rectify that.”
Leon stifled a snarl, “You shouldn’t have told her anything.” 
“I know that!” Louis snapped back.  He knew he’d said too much, but it was imperative she understood what Ramon was and that it was not her responsibility to find and destroy him, but his. 
“What is done is done. I will face the consequences of my actions if the time comes.”
Leon rose from his seat and went and stood in front of the fireplace. A sense of foreboding had seeped into his mind and no matter how he tried to dismiss it, the notion lingered. If they failed to protect Lilia they would lose more than just her soul. 
He pushed his hand through his hair, rubbing his scalp with clawed fingers. What the hell was Louis thinking? Oh he could understand him feeling responsible for the atrocities Ramon had committed, and also why he felt the need to protect her, but that still didn’t explain his behaviour.  
Louis was aware of Leon’s growing concern, not only over Lilia, but also the unusual circumstances in which they found themselves.  But he didn’t need telling that he’d divulged too much nor that he should have disregarded her wishes because he already knew that. He couldn’t, though, not after she’d courageously sought the fiend who’d brutally murdered her friend without a single thought for herself. To remove her memories after all she’d been through would be unforgivable. She deserved more respect than that. 
Who are you trying to kid? The reason he hadn’t erased her memory was because he didn’t want to remove the memory of him. The unbidden thought left a bitter taste in his mouth. 
Truth be told, she’d captivated him from the moment he’d laid eyes on her and as ridiculous as that may seem to a being as omnipotent as him, it was how he felt and for the life of him he couldn’t get her out of his mind.
It had taken the relative calm of their apartment, without the distraction of Lilia for him to realise that he’d made a terrible mistake. He should never have left her. 
   Leon didn’t know what was worse; seeing his oldest friend so perplexed, or that this whole sorry mess could have serious repercussions and not only for Lilia, but for he and Louis too.
There was nothing more to be said on the matter, he would have to go and get her.  And, fearing any further delay he turned to Louis. “I will go and get her and remove her from harm’s way. You do not have to worry about breaking any promises that you made, as I will remove all knowledge of us.  It is imperative that we act…” 
To his credit Leon held his ground as Louis sprang from the couch with blurring speed. Standing toe to toe, he held Louis’s fierce scowl with one of his own. 
Menace seeped from Louis’s every pore as fire swept through him, engulfing his mind in a red haze. Never in all his long existence had his action’s been questioned and he was furious that Leon thought he could succeed where he had failed. 
The tension intensified as the rage emanating from Louis filled the room.  Electricity crackled in the atmosphere. Shocked by his uncharacteristic lack of control, and also by the anger within him he dragged a deep, calming breath into his lungs to dampen the flames. It wasn’t so much that Leon had questioned his decision, it was the fact that he’d wanted to take Lilia by force and remove her memory. This, he would never allow.  No man would ever harm her, or force her compliance, himself included. 
 “Don’t ever question my decision, not now, not ever.” His mild tone was a contradiction to the fierce glare of his eyes yet all the more menacing for its lack of fury.  “She is my responsibility, so don’t concern yourself with the consequences of my actions.  I will be the one who is accountable for her, not you.”  
Leon wasn’t intimidated. In fact he had an overwhelming urge to rile Louis further.  “Well leaving her unprotected doesn’t sound very responsible to me.” The corner of his mouth twitched. 
A dark shadow spread across Louis’s eyes, turning them from blue to black and before Leon could step back Louis seized him by the throat and flew across the room, smashing him into the far wall.  He held him at arm’s-length, a foot off the floor as his eyes burned into Leon’s amused gaze.  A low warning growl accompanied the flicker of a snarl.	
“I’ve heard anger management can be quite beneficial,” Leon said before being flung across the room.  He crashed onto the couch and was followed by an abandoned flip-flop that hurtled through the air and struck him hard on the side of the head. He burst out laughing. 
“You go too far,” Louis said, as he strode across the room to the armchair, deliberately standing on Leon’s bare foot as he passed by. 
Leon laughed again at Louis’s childish antics then straightened himself on the couch. “All joking aside Louis, we really do need to sort this out.” 
Louis rubbed his hands roughly over his face, and then raked his fingers through his hair.  He was struggling to control the unexpected rush of emotions; emotions so unfamiliar and overwhelming he couldn’t put a name to some. 
He looked at Leon, and for once was grateful to see his irritating grin.  It amazed him how Leon managed to maintain his sense of humour.  Even when they had battled against evil, engulfed by the most profound darkness, he’d always come through unscathed. Hardly surprising as the blinding light from his soul could smother any form of darkness.  
Unfortunately that was not the case with Louis.  He’d spent what seemed an eternity punishing the damned and in doing so had relived each and every despicable crime they’d committed.  His heart was torn out, again and again, witnessing what their innocent victims had endured, so, in order to adequately assess the level of punishment required he’d had no choice but to bury his emotions. 
   He couldn’t have hurt Leon, but that was beside the point. He’d lost control and physically threatened him.  He knew all too well what men were capable of in a fit of jealousy and refused to succumb to such depravity. 
Jealousy, a strange word to equate to one such as he yet there was no other way to describe his actions. But why was he reacting in such a way? Oh he understood his need to protect Lilia, as Ramon was his responsibility, yet that still didn’t explain his behaviour nor excuse it, nevertheless it was the only explanation he had. 
“I fear my failure to capture Ramon has left me feeling rather irritated. But, that does not excuse my behaviour, please forgive me.”  He held his gaze, the flicker of amusement was still evident in Leon’s eyes.  “I didn’t hurt you, did I?” 
“As if,” Leon scoffed. Both were extremely powerful, with immense gifts and the chances of either one physically harming the other was absurd.  The problem was that Louis’s explosive behaviour had little to do with failing to capture Ramon and more to do with Lilia, but he felt it unwise at this moment to broach the subject.
Louis sniffed. “The point is that I intend to protect Lilia at all cost.  She is an innocent in this whole affair and we will ensure that no harm comes to her. There will be no further discussion about taking her away or removing her memories,” he said with absolute conviction.
Leon was about to protest, but the look of resolve on Louis’s face said he’d be wasting his breath.  He sighed dramatically. “Whatever.”



Chapter 5
Lilia hung up the phone after making arrangements to meet her friend Gill for lunch.  If anyone could help shed some light on what Louis had said, it was her.  Gill was an exceptional paediatric consultant and highly thought of in her professional circle, it just so happened that she was also a witch.  Well, technically speaking her mother was a witch so that pretty much made her one, too.  And, although she didn’t usually practise in the dark arts she would know whether Louis was telling the truth about Ramon or not.
She picked up the phone again and called her nephew, Josh.	
“Hello,” he muttered sleepily after the seventh ring. 
“Josh, it’s me. You’re not still in bed are you, it’s three in the afternoon?” 
“Hi Lil,” he said before a huge yawn cut him off. “Are you home?”
“No, I’m still in New York, won’t be back ‘til Friday. By the way, can you pick me up from the airport?”
“Yeah sure, is that all you wanted?”	
“No, I need you to run another trace on Ramon.  See if you can track any movement in the last day or so, but don’t leave anything to chance.”
Josh tutted.  
“No Josh, I’ve got a bad feeling about this one and I don’t want anything coming back to you. If your Mum found out she’d kill me.”
“If Mum found out, I’d be the one in trouble, not you.” 
“I very much doubt that, so be careful or I’ll kill you myself.  Call if you come up with anything. Okay, catch you later.” 
She hung up the phone and sat for a moment contemplating whether to call him back and tell him to forget it.  If Louis was telling her the truth about Ramon who knew what he was capable of?  But even if she rang Josh back and told him not to bother, he would, knowing she wouldn’t have asked if she didn’t need the information. 
She’d used Josh’s skills on numerous occasions and admired his expertise.  There wasn’t a system he couldn’t breach and if Ramon had used any form of computerised system recently, Josh would be able to trace it.  He was a very proficient hacker and if he ever decided to join the criminal fraternity he would be in for a very lucrative career. 
She looked at her watch. She had two hours to kill before she met Gill, but there wasn’t much else she could do about Ramon until she traced his whereabouts so she put him out of her mind and focused on the job she had to do later that evening. Not that there would be any problems as she’d organised everything well in advance.  All the same it wouldn’t hurt to run over the finer details again, after last night’s fiasco anything was possible.
When she was satisfied with her plans she took a quick shower and went to find something to wear.  Gill always looked a million dollars and there was no way she was going to look like the poor relation.  She decided on her black, over the knee suede skirt, a black figure hugging silky top with fluted sleeves, cherry red opaque tights and black Kenneth Cole calf length leather boots.	
She was just about to leave when a sense of dread stopped her in her tracks. What if Ramon was waiting for her? She hadn’t spotted him before, who’s to say she would now? She ran back to her bedroom, got her beloved silver dagger and strapped it securely to the top of her thigh.  Louis said not to kill Ramon, but that didn’t mean she couldn’t hurt him. 
Feeling a little more confident she turned to leave, stepped over the discarded pyjamas lying in a dishevelled heap on the floor and only then remembered that Louis’s card was still in the pocket.  She bent down and picked them up, slid her hand into the pocket and pulled it out. Her fingers slid over the peculiar surface in a slow caress, wondering what Gill would make of it, and then she slipped the card into her purse. 
With one last glance in the hallway mirror she gave herself an approving smile, inhaled deeply then flung open the front door.  She was confident in her abilities and certainly wasn’t going to let anyone take away her freedom.

Clancy’s was crowded with the usual midday diners, but Lilia had managed to secure a table for two near the window.  Gill had yet to arrive. Lilia didn’t mind, though, she enjoyed looking out of the window, watching the world go by. She could also keep a lookout for Ramon. 
A taxi-cab pulled up outside and the door swung open. Gill emerged from the cab, like a butterfly from a cocoon, all arms and legs. She liked to describe herself as 5 foot 12, not 6 foot, as 6 foot was far too mannish, and there was nothing remotely manly about Gill.  She had a lush mane of copper colour hair that was swept back into a pony tail, but her most striking feature was her large almond shaped, jade green eyes, that would change colour depending on her mood. She always wore Armani suits to work and today was no exception. 

Lilia couldn’t help smiling as Gill sashayed in through the door looking like she owned the place. 
“Gill!” 
Lilia waved her over and couldn’t fail to notice a number of men following Gill’s approach with hungry gazes. Envy exude from one or two women, too, which was pitiful, but understandable. There was just something about her that attracted people, and it wasn’t just because she was beautiful either. Maybe it was her love of life they envied or more than likely it was because she positively oozed sex appeal. 
Lilia got up from her chair and pulled Gill in to her arms, hugging her tightly as she kissed her on the cheek. “Thanks for coming.”  
“Don’t be daft,” Gill said taking her seat. “I needed to get out of the office anyway. Budgeting’s driving me mad.”
A waiter came and took their order while another brought drinks Lilia had ordered on arrival. Gill waited until the waiters left before really looking at Lilia. Despite her genuine smile unease radiated from her. She raised her glass and swirled the blood red wine around before taking a sip. 
“So, what have you got yourself mixed up in this time?”
Lilia smiled, but it didn’t quite reach her eyes.  Even though Gill knew what she did for a living she still found it hard to discuss her work openly. But this case was different, spirits had been brought into the equation and she needed help.
“Lilia, nothing you do surprises me anymore, so spit it out.” 
“I think this might be a first for both of us, then,” Lilia replied as the waiter returned with two shrimp salads. He placed them down and was gone before either could thank him. 
“Well I’m all ears,” Gill said tucking into her lunch. 
In hushed tones Lilia told her all about Ramon and what she’d planned to avenge Gina’s murder.  She told her about being out cold in his apartment and how vulnerable she’d been with such a coldblooded killer.  She paused for a moment as she looked into Gill’s shocked expression.  
“Oh believe me, you’ve heard nothing yet.”  She then told her all about her confrontation with the two mysterious, stunningly handsome strangers who seemed to have appeared from nowhere. 
Gill listened carefully as Lilia relayed her account of the previous evening, one eyebrow so high it looked like it had taken flight, but she never interrupted, just munched merrily through her lunch.
“And guess who came a knockin’ this morning.”  
If Gill’s eyebrow rose any further it would have disappeared under her fringe, yet there was a smile on her face.  Lilia return the smile, and then continued telling her all that Louis had said.  She told her about the photographs, and with a lump in her throat she finally admitted that he’d only murdered Gina because he knew she’d come after him for doing so.
 Lilia’s eyes filled with unshed tears as she looked at the shocked expression on Gill’s face.  “That sick bastard murdered Gina to get to me, and according to Louis he won’t stop until he gets me.” A single tear trickled down her cheek. 
The anguish in Lilia’s eyes was heart breaking. Gill reached across and took hold of Lilia’s hand.  “Lilia, none of this is your fault. You’re not responsible for every sick fuck out there.  Now stop with the tears or you’ll have me off.” She gave Lilia’s hand a little gentle rub. 
A frown shadowed her brow. “Who is this Louis anyway and what’s his connection to Ramon?” 
Lilia smiled and this time it reached her eyes making the unshed tears sparkle. 
“What?” 
“Well if you died and went to Heaven you still wouldn’t find a man who looked like him.  He’s absolutely gorgeous. Honestly, I’ve never seen a man shaped so well.  He’s sex unleashed and his mate isn’t bad either.” 
Lilia knew good looks didn’t count for much when she considered that some of the vilest people she’d encountered were both attractive and congenial on the outside, but sick and twisted on the inside. They often portrayed themselves as honest pillars of the community.  But, she hadn’t been fooled. She’d sensed the darkness in them and no amount of charm could hide what lurked below the surface.  
Gill fluttered her fingers. “Enough of Ramon, tell me about Louis’s partner, Leon did you say he was called?  Um, I like that name.”  Both of them laughed in unison.  	
“There, that’s better, no need getting yourself all worked up over Ramon. When you find him, I’m sure he’ll get his just deserts,” Gill reassured.
The smile slipped from Lilia’s face.  “That’s the problem. I can’t kill him.” Her gaze swept the room, making sure no one was earwigging. 
“Why?”
Lilia leaned in closer. “Because he’s not human, he’s a spirit,” she whispered, and despite it all she wanted to laugh as the look on Gills face. 
Lilia proceeded to tell Gill what Louis had said about Ramon being an evil spirit and that if she killed him then his spirit would more than likely possess a child in order to avoid detection.  “And now he’s after me.”
Gill was speechless.  She took a huge sip of wine as she sat for a moment in stunned silence. 	
“Can a spirit do that, possess a child, I mean, and remain inside them undetected?”  Her frown deepened.  “It sounds ridiculous, I know, but that’s what he said and he seemed so sincere it was hard not to believe him.”  
“To tell you the truth I’ve never heard anything like it. Usually when someone’s possessed their soul fights for supremacy and with a little help the spirit is cast out.  For a spirit to actually expel a living soul and take over the body?” She shook her head and then took another sip of wine.  
“Well I certainly have never heard of it, mum will know, though.  Her familiar Joolan has been with her since she was an infant, but he hasn’t possessed her. He’s her spirit to call and acts as a portal to the other side.  Between them they should be able to find out if it’s possible.” Her smile didn’t quite reach her eyes.
Lilia reached across the table and squeezed Gill’s hand.  “Thanks Gill.” 
A frown crossed Gill’s brow, “So, who is he? Louis I mean and what’s his connected to Ramon?” 
Lilia toyed with her glass. “He’s a paranormal investigator.” Even to her it sounded ridiculous, but then, so did everything else she’d said. 
Gill’s brow arched. “A paranormal investigator, really?” 
Lilia nodded sheepishly. “That’s what he said.” Her face flushed. “Well, to be honest, it was me who mentioned paranormal investigators, and he didn’t say anything to the contrary, so.” She shrugged her shoulders and smiled. 
Gill shook her head. “And, you didn’t think to push him on it. For Heaven’s sake Lilia, you’ve already admitted that you think he’s dangerous.  This could all be a pack of lies. He could even work for Ramon for all you know.” 
“I know, I know.  I have thought of that, but then, there was nothing stopping him from killing me in Ramon’s apartment.” She sighed, shoulders sagging. “Oh, I don’t know what to think anymore, but I’ll tell you one thing. If I were a damsel in distress kind of girl I probably would have gone with him, especially if there was the chance of another hug.” 
Gill’s brow shot up. “You never said anything about him hugging you.” She’d known Lilia all her life and it wasn’t like her to get cosy with a man she didn’t know. 
Colour flushed Lilia’s face at the mere thought of being wrapped in Louis’s arms. 
“Oh don’t get me wrong, if he’s half as hot as you’ve said I’d crawl all over him, but it isn’t like you.” 
“He wasn’t trying to take advantage of me, or anything. I was upset and he tried to comfort me, that’s all,” she said firmly, unsure why she felt the need to protect his honour. 
“If you found out that your best friend was murdered because of you, you’d be pretty upset, too.”  She downed the remains of her drink and sat staring at the empty glass.
Gill reached over and took Lilia’s hand in hers, giving it a little shake until Lilia looked up at her. “I wasn’t saying that you shouldn’t be upset, Lilia. You’ve every right to be upset, especially knowing what you know now.  What I meant, was, that it’s just not like you to let a man embrace you like that.  That’s all.”
Lilia looked up and smiled. “I know it’s not.” She snorted, “He probably only did it to shut me up. I was a mess. The poor thing didn’t know what else to do.” 
She shook her head with embarrassment, but her smile didn’t falter. “He smelled really nice, too.”	
Gill laughed, uncaring that a number of diners turned to stare at her.  “That’s it, loosen up a bit.  You’ve been through hell this year and what with your work and all that.” Gill took hold of her ponytail, twisted it around her finger and then flicked it back over her shoulder. “So what, you let a tall, dark, handsome man take you in his arms, it’s not a sin,” she smiled wickedly. “God only knows if it were me, I’d still be chewing on him.” 
Now it was Lilia’s turn to laugh, and the tension flowed from her in torrents. It was true, she never let men get close to her. It wasn’t worth the bother, because once they found out she wasn’t going to succumb to their manly charms, they were off like a shot.  And, then there was her work to consider; not many men would be comfortable with an assassin for a girlfriend. 
No, she was saving herself for Mr Right.  A man she would freely give herself to, mind, body and soul. A man she would spend eternity with.  She laughed inwardly at her unrealistic dreams, but she would rather be alone than spend her life with a man who didn’t love her with all his heart.

Lilia tutted. “I nearly forgot,” she said, opening her purse. She slid Louis’s card out, her fingers gently caressing the surface.  “He gave me this.” 
Gill stared at the card for a moment before reaching across to take it from Lilia. She flicked it over and then back again, running her fingers over the surface just as Lilia had.
“It feels like it’s moving under your fingers, doesn’t it.” 
Gill just stared at the strange black card in awe.  Her Amber bracelet swirled and sparked as she caressed the surface. She brought it up close to her face and inhaled deeply as her eyelids fluttered to a close. 
“Gill,” Lilia whispered, looking around the room to see if anyone was watching them.  “What’s wrong, your bracelet’s about to pop?”
Gill opened her eyes as if waking from a deep sleep and released a long slow breath.  She reached across and took Lilia’s hand, turning it palm up she placed the card in the centre and closed her fingers over it.  “There’s energy radiating from it.”  
Lilia’s eyes were so bright with wonder, Gill couldn’t help smiling. “But, it doesn’t feel negative in any way, so I’m assuming it’s an Amulet of some sort.” She rubbed the back of Lilia’s hand. “Best keep hold of it.”  
Lilia opened her fingers, flipping the card over as she did. “But, how am I supposed to contact him, when there isn’t even a number.” 
“It doesn’t work like that.” 
Gill let go of Lilia’s hand and raised her glass, swirled the blood red liquid and then drank it down in one. She thought it best not to mention that she’d never seen an inanimate object exude such power. And if Louis had crafted it, then he had one hell of a gift. “Think of it as a lucky charm.” 
“A lucky charm.” Lilia smiled, her fingers stroked the surface before slipping it back into her purse. “Thanks Gill. Don’t know what I’d do without you.”
  “Can I get you anything else?” asked a young waiter with a mop of thick brown hair. 
  “Just the bill, thanks,” Lilia replied returning his smile.
Gill took her lip-gloss out of her bag and flipped open a small mirror.  She gently smoothed the corner of her mouth to remove a small crumb of food before applying a fresh coating of gloss. “There, that’s better.  Got anything planned for tonight?” Gill enquired as she popped the mirror and lip gloss back in to her bag.
“I’m working,” Lilia said without embellishment, her gaze capturing the waiter as he returned with their bill.  “Lunch is on me.”
“I’ll get the next one.” Gill waited for the waiter to leave before leaning over. “I’m not going to ask what you’re doing, but promise you’ll take care.  I couldn’t bear it if something happened to you as well.”
“Don’t worry,” Lilia replied with a reassuring smile, “it’s nothing to do with Ramon.”
“Still be careful.”	
“I will, I will. Stop worrying. I’ll be fine,” she said, collecting her things. 
Gill tutted and shook her head. It wasn’t easy knowing what Lilia did, knowing that tonight she’d be risking her life again.  But, this was Lilia’s personal crusade and there was nothing she or anyone else could do to stop her.

Gill hailed a cab outside Clancey’s, “Can I drop you anywhere?”
“No, I’ll walk back.  Clear my head.”
Gill pulled Lilia into her arms and hugged her. “I’ll call you when I’ve spoken to mum.”
“Okeydokey,” Lilia said opening the cab door. She waved as the cab pulled away from the curb then set off home. 

*	*	*

Ramon watched through the darkened windows of a black Jaguar XK.  He’d planned on snatching her the moment she stepped from her apartment, only he’d let himself get distracted, which was always the case were Lilia was concerned.
She’d taken a window seat in the crowded restaurant and was gazing out of the window as if she didn’t have a care in the world.  He had to admire her spirit, for only she would have come through last night’s ordeal unscathed. The urge to test the fragile bond he’d created the night before was tempting, but he couldn’t afford to spook her.
It was only when he stepped from the car that he noticed the tall redhead going into the restaurant. What was it with Lilia and her red-haired friends?  The other had been red, too, but her hair had soon turned black when soaked in her life’s blood.
Smiling he wondered whether to take this one as well?
He’d seen her before. The most memorable, when Lilia and her friends where at a club called Cielo. And, oh, how the alcohol had flowed. He watched them on the dance floor, their movements highly provocative. The temptation was more than he could bear and before he could stop himself he was gliding across the crowded dance floor toward her.  He stood behind her, back to back, as if he were merely dancing with another, yet was close enough to smell her alluring scent.  
He’d barely closed his eyes when something touch his shoulder. He turned and found himself staring into amber eyes.  Lilia’s tall, red haired friend, had had the audacity to poked him in the back.  
They held each other’s glare without a word. She had some psychic ability and probably knew he wasn’t human, but so what if she did. He toyed with the idea of killing her right there, but thought better of it.  Tilting his head ever so slightly to the side, he smiled as his chin went up in challenge then he huffed and walked away.
She had quickly gathered her friends together like a protective hen and left while he sat at the bar laughing. 

Ramon pulled the collar of his jacket up around his face.  It wouldn’t do for Lilia to recognise him.  No, that would be unfortunate for them both and not very pleasant for the other diners.  Amusement teased the hard edge of his mouth as he waited for the traffic lights to change.
He stepped onto the road with the other pedestrians and was barely half way across when his skin began to crawl, indicating the presence of a hunter. Sheer rage stopped him in his tracks. His newly acquired cloaking shield hadn’t failed him, he was sure of that, so how had they managed to track him? The only explanation was that they were tracking Lilia in the hopes of catching him. Turning on his heels and pushed his way back through the oncoming crowd. 
Back at the car he scanned the area repeatedly, but could not find the hunter’s location.  A wave of fury swept through him as he fought the urge to take her right from under their noses and damn the consequences.  His splayed fingers gripped the dashboard, curved into claws and tore through the panelling before tossing the torn piece of dashboard over his shoulder onto the back seat. 
Seething, he watched Lilia embrace her friend outside the restaurant. He’d had such an eventful afternoon planned too, and now, because of them, he’d have to wait. But what were a few more hours in the greater scheme of things? And, perhaps next time he’d send one of his minions, catching not only Lilia, but the hunters off guard. He sped away from the curb before the urge to take her right off the street overwhelmed him. 



Chapter 6

Leon never took his gaze off the women sitting in the window of the overcrowded restaurant. He’d trailed Lilia from her apartment and as she was relatively safe in the confines of the restaurant, he’d bought a copy of The New York Times from the news stand and took cover in the doorway of a bookstore. 
   He’d barely read the first article when he sensed Ramon’s presence. Unfortunately, he was unable to get a fix on his exact location. 
Scanning the area he used the eyes of every living creature within a two mile radius in the hopes of catching a glimpse of him, but he’d either fled when he’d sensed his presence, or he was using a cloaking device.  
He sighed and without further delay summoned Louis. “He must be using some sort of cloaking device, because he was there one minute and gone the next.”
Louis huffed, his nostrils flaring.  “Where’s Lilia?”
Leon nodded toward the restaurant.  “She’s not alone.”
Louis set aside all distractions and scanned the entire vicinity again, and like Leon, found nothing. Ramon’s powers of concealment had grown considerably if he was able to mask his presence from them. 
“If we can’t detect him what chance has she?” 
He stepped from the doorway and quickly draw back when he found Lilia and another women standing not two meters away. He watched them say their farewells and by the open display of affection it was obvious they cared for each other. 
He hoped this little interlude had given Lilia a modicum of peace from what must seem a living nightmare.  He was also pleased to see her dressed in more favourable attire.  Although, her skirt was still far too short. 
Taking in the length of her long slender legs, he had to wonder if she had a weapon concealed in her soft leather boots. He turned away as Lilia passed by and then stepped from the doorway and watched as she made her way through the crowds. He turned to find Leon smiling.  
“Is something amusing you, because try as I might, I cannot see the correlation between failing to locate Ramon and your idiotic grin?”
Leon’s smile widened, but he didn’t bother telling Louis that it was he who amused him. Especially the way his eyes captured her every move.  No, he would keep that to himself, for now.  He straightened and lazily shrugged his shoulders.  “I’ll see she gets home,” he said and started after her.
Louis caught Leon by the arm.  “I’ll go, you go and see Rodriguez. Because if Ramon is using a cloaking devise he’ll know how to bring it down. Otherwise we won’t know if he was standing right next to us.” 
Leon quickly glanced around, his eyes wide with mock alarm, the fierce scowl and the quiver of a snarl on Louis’s face making it nearly impossible to keep a straight face. “I’m right on it boss,” he said and strode off.
Louis inhaled deeply, suppressing the urge to follow Leon and smash his head into the wall again.  His cavalier attitude was irritating at the best of times never mind when a woman’s life was in jeopardy.  With a shake of the head he set off after Lilia. 

On the walk home, Lilia went over the details for that night.  She’d spent the past three months putting it all together after a sympathetic friend who worked for British Intelligence, tipped her off about Marcus Clint.  Clint was a child trafficker, supplying children of all ages to the sick, twisted scum of the earth. He posed as a wealthy philanthropist dedicating his life to the care and protection of vulnerable children.  When in reality those poor children, many of them orphans, were traded like meat on the paedophile cattle market.  
Clint was also an associate of, Augustus Burgman, another of her marks.  Burgman had strong ties to one of New York’s prominent crime families and was responsible for the production and distribution of pornography.  It was reputed that Burgman could fulfil any request, and when they said anything they meant it, there were no limits, no exceptions.  His personal tastes were children and the younger the better as far as he was concerned.  
Burgman had been charged a while back for the imprisonment and subsequent murder of two seven year old girls, only the judge had thrown the case out of court due on a misdemeanour. Though, it was widely rumoured that the judge was in the mobs back pocket, so even if Burgman had been caught in the act he still would have walked.  
It was only a matter of time before she’d be paying the judge a little visit.
Confident that nothing had been left to chance she put it out of her mind. It didn’t do to dwell in the darkness, because the longer you stayed the harder it was to come back. 
She stopped at Charlie’s stall and as always was impressed by the massive array of flowers, most of which she couldn’t put a name to.  She cast her eyes over the multitude of blooms looking for her favourite Stargazer lilies. 
“The usual,” Charlie said already reaching over to lift two bunches from a tall plastic bucket.
“Yes please,” Lilia said returning his smile. Charley had to be ninety if he was a day, that or the harsh New York winters had taken their toll on him. He was nimble, though, plucking the flowers from the bucket to wrap them in the blink of an eye. She hoped to be as spritely when she got to his age. 

Louis had kept a slight distance behind Lilia, hidden within the meandering crowds.  He’d merged his mind with hers numerous times, and had gleaned a clear picture of the type of people she had killed. Sexual predators mostly, but not all, the defining factor being the pain and suffering they’d inflicted on others, and every single one had the blood of the innocent on their hands. However, there was no indication as to why she had chosen to follow such a path.
  She was such a brave, courageous little thing when dealing with the undesirables of the earth, quite a nemesis in fact, yet still managed to exude compassion to those in need. 
  What amazed him most was that she’d tracked Ramon down, and if it not for the fact that he wasn’t human, she probably would have succeeded in killing him. 	
  His gaze drifted up her legs, followed the sway of her hips and lingered on the alluring curve of her bottom. He took a long, deep, calming breath, but he was at a loss at how to control such unfamiliar and needless to say unwanted reactions. 		 
Lack of concentration had him within a few feet of her, but instead of retreating he seized the opportunity to open up further communication.  Before she had time to take the money from her purse, he was beside her. She looked up to see who’d invaded her personal space, her expression changing from surprise to suspicion in the blink of an eye. 
“Allow me” Louis said holding Lilia’s gaze, his hand extended, offering a crisp fifty dollar bill to Charlie. 
Lilia sent Louis a thin lipped smirk then turned to Charlie and nodded her head. She could feel the force of those dark, penetrating eyes drifting over her. She took the flowers from Charlie and took a deep draft of the heady aroma. “Thanks Charlie.” 
“No, thank you my love,” Charlie beamed and threw a cheeky wink to Louis who had the nerve to look like the cat that got the cream. 
Lilia turned to walk away then stopped when Louis didn’t move.  She glanced over her shoulder, gave him a, what-are-you-waiting-for, look then with a flick of her head indicated for him to follow.
Louis inhaled deeply as a broad smile spread across his face.  He indicated for Charlie to keep the change then once again stepping up beside her. 
They ambled through the crowds for a few moments in silence. She’d taken sneaky peeks at his reflection in the shop window and had to admit that he looked stunning in the long, black coat, left open to reveal, black jeans and a black t-shirt that clung to every muscle on his torso. 
“Do you live in New York,” she asked needing the distraction. 
“Sometimes.”
She glanced up at him. “Only sometimes?” 
“It depends where the work is.” 
Lilia could identify with him, as she also travelled near and far to fulfil work commitments. “So, you’re here because of Ramon Blur?” 
He glanced down at her. “I am.”
They waited at the crossing for the traffic lights to change. Then, without conscious thought he brought his hand to the small of her back as they stepped onto the road and ushered her across, yet refused to surrender his hold when they reached the other side.	
Lilia was aware of Louis’s hand, of the heat radiating from her back to the pit of her stomach.  A vortex of liquid fire swirled through her, the heat bringing colour to face. Why couldn’t they have met under different circumstances? Walking the dog, perhaps, or something innocuous like that, not lying face down on some lunatic’s floor. 
She stopped and peered through the window of a shoe store at the vast array of boots.  Louis’s hand instantly dropped back to his side yet she could still feel the heat, as if he’d branded her with his mark.  She inhaled an unsteady breath and tried to regain some semblance of control.  
Louis might come across as the perfect gentleman with his charismatic ways, but she wasn’t a fool. And, no amount of charm or sophistication could hide the truth from her, for there was a sense of lethality about him that few could convey.  But if that was the case, why was she having such fanciful thoughts about him? Not that it mattered, as this was pure and simply business and not the start of some whirlwind romance. 
She was perceptive, he’d give her that, but this being some sort of business venture, couldn’t have been further from the truth. He would make a determined effort to stop invading her privacy, she had a right to her thoughts and as misguided as they were he couldn’t reassure her without revealing that he could read her like an open book. Funny, though, how he couldn’t recall any of the fanciful thoughts she’d had.
Lilia turned, crushing the lilies against the solid wall of his chest. She stepped back, eyes lingering on his mouth as her tongue moistened her suddenly dry lips then captured his gaze.  “Thanks for the flowers, it was really nice of you, but I really need to be going.”  She smiled and then turned to walk away.
Louis shackled her wrist in a light embrace. “Lilia.” She turned back to him, her gaze fixed on the shield of flowers.  “We need to talk.”
She stared pointedly at his hand and then flicked her wrist in an attempt to dislodge him. “What else is there to say?”  
He lowered his head and without conscious thought inhaled her fragrance.  She smelled as fresh as the lilies in her arms. “You’re a stubborn little thing, aren’t you,” His smile was slow in coming, “but there have been further developments that you need to be aware of.”	
If he didn’t move his hand she was going to… There was that smile, again, the one that was barely a smile at all, yet capable of making her lose all train of thought. “I’m persistent not stubborn and I’ll have you know, I’m five foot ten in my socks, so there.”  Smiling up at him she strained against the silken manacle once more. 
Louis smiled broadly at her comments and, despite her continued attempt to break free he refused to relinquish his hold. “Five foot ten in your socks, who’d have thought?” 
Lilia’s eyes narrowed on him.  “You’re not funny.”  She sniffed lowering her gaze to his hand. “Let go or lose a finger.” 
Louis smiled as he contemplated whether or not to spirit her away right then and there.  He brushed his thumb across her inner wrist before letting his arm fall to his side. 
Lilia looked up the street, sighed and turned back to Louis shaking her head. “Look, my place is only a block away so we might as well talk there, but don’t be making a habit of it.” 
“Are you always this sweet to people who are trying to help you?” 
Lilia fell in beside him, a wicked smile on her face as she gave him a sideways glance. “Oh believe me, I can get much sweeter than this.”
“Why does that not surprise me?”	



	






Chapter 7
Louis’s gaze drifted around the spacious, yet cluttered room while Lilia went through to the kitchen.  There were framed photographs everywhere. He moved in for a closer look and found that most were of Lilia’s family, others were of groups of people at various celebrations.	
While waiting for the kettle to boil Lilia laid the lilies on the kitchen table and went to the cupboard to fetch a vase, filled it with water from the tap then placed it on the table with a little more force than intended.  How long had the sneaky rat been following her? Perhaps he’d been with her the whole time? It was all just speculation, but she needed to consider how inconspicuous he could be when she went out later. 
“Lilia.”  
Lilia turned expecting to see Louis standing in the doorway, but found no one there.  Her breath stilled as her senses went in search of anything untoward. Finding nothing, she dismissed the notion. 
Louis was standing by the bookcase looking at her photos when she came back with the heavy glass vase in her arms.  She placed the vase on the stand then left him to mooch through her things and went back to the kitchen.
She threw two tea bags into a China teapot and filled it to the brim with boiling water, then took two cups from the stand, emptied half a packet of chocolate biscuits onto a plate and placed them onto a tray before filling the cups with tea, added a drop of milk to each cup and gave both a quick stir.  She hadn’t realised just how jittery she was until she raised the tray from the counter.  
Louis was just about to flick through her collection of old records when something caught his eye and he returned to the photographs on the fireplace.  There, nestled close to the wall was a Mother-of-Pearl frame with a picture of Lilia and a group of friends.  There was nothing to distinguish it from the other group photographs only in this one there was an unexpected face in the crowd and although it was out of focus there was no mistaking the image he’d burned into his very soul, the night before.
His fingers drifted over the image and Ramon’s face instantly came into focus.  There he was in all his glory, smiling for the camera as if he was part of the celebration.  If it wasn’t so preposterous Louis would have sworn Ramon was smiling right at him, goading him.  A low warning growl rumbled deep in his throat as he scanned the rest of the photographs. Fortunately he didn’t appear in any of the others.

Lilia returned and placed the tray onto the chunky wooden coffee table in front of the sofa then sat down on the edge of the seat.  “I hope you like tea,” she said picking up her cup. 
“Tea’s fine, thank you,” he said and although he had no intention of drinking it he took the remaining cup from the tray, then sat down in the armchair opposite Lilia, resting the steaming cup on the buckle of his belt.
Lilia offered him the plate of biscuits.  “Don’t mind if you dunk.” She had to smile at the look of confusion on Louis’s face. 
“Dunk?”
Lilia’s smile widened.  “A biscuit in your tea.  You’ll have to be quick with these, though, dunk them too long and you’ll lose half of it.” She laughed at Louis’s horrified expression.  “Don’t knock it ‘til you’ve tried it,” she said as she snuggled back into the couch, placing the plate of biscuits at her side.  
Lilia crossed her legs, and as she did so her wrap-over skirt drifted apart to reveal the sheath strapped to her thigh. She raised her cup and blew a stream of cool breath into her tea before taking a sip. 
All thoughts of biscuits was lost when his attention was drawn to the length of her long slender legs.  It was then that he noticed she had something strapped to her thigh.  He exhaled deeply as he realised it was the dagger she’d so boldly held to his groin.
“It’s rude to stare,” she said taking another sip of tea.
“I was looking at that dagger of yours, the one you always have strapped to some part of your anatomy. The one you nearly castrated me with.” 
Lilia smiled wickedly as her cheeks flushed.  What was she like, thinking he was looking at her legs, when he was just checking out her arsenal?  She chuckled to herself as she lowered her cup and looked at Louis thoughtfully.  “So are you going to tell me why you’re stalking me?” 
“Stalking?”
“Stalking.”
“Monitoring your movements, perhaps” he said in his usual unruffled manner.  And, he would continue to do so until they had Ramon back where he belonged, whether she liked it or not.
Lilia snorted.  “Monitoring my movements, that’s a new one, but I think you’ll find, in the real world, it’s called stalking.” 
Louis shrugged his broad shoulders.  “Nevertheless, if we hadn’t been monitoring your movements, we wouldn’t have known that Ramon was too and who knows what he might have tried if we hadn’t arrived and frightened him off.”  There was no longer any humour in his voice. 
A deep frown shadowed Lilia’s brow.  “What? When?” 
Louis hated being the bearer of bad news, but he needed her to understand the severity of the situation.  She had stronger survival instincts than most, which was good, but despite being a professional killer with a multitude of skills she’d been unaware that she was under surveillance which must have been hard for her to accept. 
“When you were at the restaurant with your friend.”
Lilia tried to swallow the lump in her throat that was threatening to choke her. She dreaded to think what would have happened if Ramon had tried to get her while she was with Gill.  Like her, Gill was fiercely protective of her friends and could have been hurt, killed even, and if that would have happened…  
The idea of Louis following her was bad enough, but knowing Ramon was there too, made her stomach churned. She sighed. But for heaven’s sake, how was she supposed to keep tabs on a spirit?  
Louis took a sip of his tea as he sat watching her, surprisingly it tasted quite good.  Without conscious thought his mind reached for hers then realising what he was doing he stopped.  It wasn’t right to invade her privacy whenever the mood took him and he would endeavour to stop. He found himself smiling at the intriguing little pout on her face.  
Lilia looked up at him. “I’m glad you find this funny because I don’t. Sitting there with that stupid smile on your face when it’s my life being turned upside down, not yours.” 
If only she knew.
“I can assure you that this turn of events does not amuse me in the slightest. I was momentarily distracted, is all.”
Lilia’s eyebrows rose. “Oh were you and here’s me thinking I’m your number one concern.”  She huffed with a faint shake of her head.  “You know what, you can go,  I’ll sort Ramon out myself,” she said, but she couldn’t keep the tremor from her voice or the sheen of frustration from her eyes. Never in her life had she felt so vulnerable and it was all because of Ramon.  The vile bastard was going to pay one way or another for what he’d done, and if she had to do it alone, then so be it, there was nothing new there. 
Louis moved to the edge of his seat and put his cup onto the table. “Lilia, please don’t get upset. I wasn’t laughing at you or your predicament and I’ am here to help you, I swear.”  
The sincerity in his voice was like a soothing balm. “I’m sorry too, I didn’t mean to take off on you, it’s just that I feel so…”
“Vulnerable,” he said without condemnation 
“And confused and that’s what’s so annoying, I can usually take anything that’s thrown at me, but this is all so weird.”
He’d been insensitive and should have realised that beneath the mask of confidence was a frightened young woman.  What he needed was to assure her that he could protect her even if that wasn’t entirely true. The problem was Ramon’s cloaking shield, and until they found a way to bring it down he could take her right from under their noses. A small consolation was that he would have to get extremely close to her in order to achieve such a daring feat. 
Now all he had to do was convince her that she needed him, but it wasn’t going to be easy.  She was not only confident in her abilities, but as stubborn as a tick, too. As for trusting him, well, that was something he’d have to prove. 
Lilia couldn’t believe that she’d been close to tears, again, but she’d be damned if she’d let it continue.  Louis didn’t helping matters, nor did her reaction to him, but there was still no need for her to go all giddy in his company. She was a professional killer for pity’s sake and needed to start acting the part. 
What she needed was answers and this time she would not be so easily pacified. She certainly wasn’t going to let him wrap her around his little finger again.  Taking a calming breath she smiled at him.  She hated being confrontational, but she had questions that needed answers and at this present moment in time Louis was the only person who could give her them. 
“It would help if I knew what was really going on.” She gave him a humourless smile.  “Who you really are, for instance?” 
He’d been able to evade answering any serious questions because she’d been upset and confused, yet there was nothing confused about her now.  For once he wished Leon was with him, for he had a natural flair for storytelling and although most were on the comical side he was sure Leon would be able to supply a plausible tale.
Leon, I have need of your talents.
Nothing new there, then, Leon replied drolly  
Louis wouldn’t be drawn in. Lilia wants to know who I am and as you’re so good at fabricating tales...
No.
Excuse me!
You heard me. You got yourself into this mess so you can get yourself out of it.  My advice, stop acting like a saint and just force her compliance; it’s the only solution.  Leon withdrew without further comment. 
Louis was astounded by Leon’s lack of support.  It was the first time in their existence that either one had failed to assist the other.  And, not only failed, but point-blank refused.  He inhaled a long, deep breath. Leon was trying to force his hand, give him no other option then to take Lilia against her will, but that he would not do. He would just have to come up with a feasible tale, nothing too far-fetched otherwise she was likely to fling him out on his ear and he couldn’t allow that either.
“Hello, anyone in there?” 
Louis’s gaze drifted to Lilia. “In where?” 
Lilia huffed and tapped her finger to her forehead.  “In here Louis, in here.  What’s wrong, cat got your tongue?”
Louis frowned.  “Cat?”
Lilia’s eyes narrowed on him. “I mean it Louis; if you’re not willing to tell me who you are then you can get lost.”
Louis fought the urge to smile; she was such a feisty little thing.  He only hoped that the little minx wouldn’t pick his story to pieces.  “I work for a secret organisation, formed in ancient times to cleanse the earth of evil spirits. Spirits whose sole purpose is to cause as much carnage and destruction as they can possibly create.  My job is to find these spirits and eliminate them before they can bring about the fall of humanity.” 
It was a plausible explanation and as it wasn’t that far from the truth he didn’t feel so deceitful. His conscience refused him solace, though, taunting him to tell her the truth, to admit that it was his fault that Ramon was free to commit such crimes instead of being confined to the depths of Hell where he belonged. 
Louis had been Ramon’s nemesis for what seemed an eternity and as the evil, conniving bastard had committed innumerable atrocities his punishment had been amongst the most brutal Hell could conceive. Unfortunately the longer one spent in Hell the more likely it was to become tainted by the residual evil that permeates the entire realm. And, despite Louis’s strength and his innate powers he, too, was susceptible.  Inevitably the darkness exuding from Ramon sought to infiltrate Louis’s soul and to some degree it had, so instead of merely administering Ramon’s punishment Louis had begun to relish it. 
It was decided that Louis was in need of a much deserved respite from the never ending pain and suffering surrounding all who resided in Hell. So he was sent to earth to recuperate. It was supposed to be an escape from the darkness, a time to purify his soul, but it wasn’t to be.  Ramon escaped the moment he realised Louis’s replacement wasn’t up to the job.
 Louis’s holiday was cut short, not only because he was the most experienced hunter of his kind, but because he was so attuned to Ramon, so accustomed to his way of thinking that he would be able to anticipate his next move and recapture him before he could cause further harm.  
  Unfortunately he’d failed and now innocent people were being slain because of it. But Lilia didn’t need to know about all that. 
Lilia held his gaze, astonished at what he’d said or perhaps it was the matter-of-fact way in which he’d said it? Yet, despite his cavalier attitude, there was no denying the relief in his eyes. Perhaps he’d thought she wouldn’t believe him; couldn’t believe that such an organisation would exist in the 21st century, but funnily enough, she did.  Maybe it was the sincerity in his voice that soothed her or perhaps it was the need to know that she wasn’t alone in this unbelievable nightmare, as Louis worked for an ancient organisation that dealt specifically with evil spirits. 
She sent him a warm smile.  “So what’s this organisation of yours called then?”
Louis returned her smile as he thought of a fitting name.  It would have to sound authentic, a name like no other, but what?   “Did I not mention that it is a secret organisation?” 
“No, you said it was an ancient organisation, you never said anything about it being secret.” 
Without Lilia being aware he scanned the bookshelf on the far wall, and selected two names from the vast array of books. “I think you’ll find that I did, but as you’ve been so understanding I don’t see what harm it can do.”  He smiled wickedly at her.  “Connolly & Steele.”
Lilia’s stomach swirled when he smiled at her, she really liked him when he was in this funny teasing mood.  “Connolly & Steele.”  She pulled a face.  “Sounds like a firm of solicitors,” she said snuggling further into the couch.
“Okay, so what else has happened,” she paused and looked at her watch, “since leaving here at ten this morning?”  She tilted her head to the side, eyebrows raised in a perfect arch. 
There was something about that look that made him want to reach across, take her in his arms and kiss it right off her face.  The unbidden thought shocked him yet try as he might he couldn’t dispel the image from his mind. He inhaled deeply in an attempt to clear his head; he would not allow his wayward thoughts to distract him.  
“It appears that Ramon has acquired some very interesting skills, and by that, I mean he’s using a cloaking device to mask his presence. And, I’ll admit we are finding it difficult to trace him, even when we know he is in close proximity to us, and you, for that matter.   
Lilia huffed. “What happened to ‘don’t worry Lilia, nothing can harm you while you are under my care and protection’?”  She pushed herself up from the couch and stormed over to the window.  
“I should have known you were full of shit,” she said raking her hand through her hair. If Louis couldn’t detect Ramon because of his bloody, stupid, invisible shield, or whatever it was, how on earth was she going to find him?  More to the point, how would she know if he was coming for her? 
‘Full of shit.’  Well that was a new one for the books.  He’d never been described as full of shit before and didn’t know whether to laugh or be insulted.  He glanced over his shoulder to where she stood by the window; the reflection staring back at him said it all.  She might try to hide her vulnerability, but the anxiety in her eyes could not be denied. 
He pushed himself up from his seat.  He deserved far more than her condemnation.  The problem was that until they breached Ramon’s shields it would be virtually impossible to protect her.  His only hope was that she would willingly surrender herself in to his keeping.
“Lilia.” He wasn’t above using his voice to soothe her, to reassure her, but he could only do that if she was listening.  “Lilia!”  
Her mind was a whirlwind of confusion and suspicion and she didn’t know which way to turn.  And, for someone who was always self-assured, confident in her abilities and, dare she admit, slightly arrogant, it was more than a little disturbing to find herself in such a situation.  She bit her lips together as unshed tears stung the back of her nose.  She hated feeling defenceless, hated that she had no control over what was happening and more than anything hated that Louis should once again witness how vulnerable she was.  
Lilia.  She shuddered.  His voice was so enthralling, the cadence so familiar that it seeped beneath her skin to wrap around her soul. Yet, it was her body’s reaction to his voice, the way it swept over her skin in a sensual caress that left her yearning for things she knew little of.  She closed her eyes trying to block everything out.
Why now, when her life was in total chaos was she experiencing such a strong physical attraction?  She’d never reacted to a man the way she reacted to Louis and it scared her that she was so susceptible to his charm.  Deep down she knew that she was being ridiculous, he would never think of her that way.  Louis was out of her league, but that didn’t dampen her growing reaction to him.
Anxiety radiated from her in tangible waves that washed over him. Who’d have thought that Hell could be less stressful?  He moved toward her with infinite slowness and stood just a few inches behind her.  Instinct told him to move away. He was playing with fire, a fire that would consume him completely. Yet, a part of him still wanted to draw her into his arms to offer comfort and reassure, damn it, just to hold her.
“Lilia.”
Startled by the nearness of his voice she spun around.  He was standing so close she could feel the warm of his breath as his lips brushed her forehead.  She shied away, averting her gaze. It was hard when every fibre of her being, every feminine instinct craved his touch.  Her fingers nervously brushed a wayward strand of hair over her head. If he didn’t move away she was going to make a complete fool of herself. 
Louis’s gaze wandered lazily over her face, then came to rest on her lower lip.  He inhaled deeply, taking her scent deep within him.  His heart was thumping so wildly in his chest that he thought she’d be able to hear the accelerated beat.  His stomach muscles clenched painfully as an unfamiliar sensation inflamed his groin. 
He stepped away, needing to put some space between them.  What was happening to him?  Not only were his actions inappropriate, they were also highly reckless and he would pay dearly if he were to let things escalate any further, but he was unable to extinguish the flames that tore through him whenever he got too close to her.
Perhaps it was his human side responding to her or maybe his despicable behaviour was due to the darkness that sought to invade his very soul.  Ramon was the vilest of creatures, a sexual sadist who’d committed the most monstrous crimes against humanity.  And, he’d had to re-lived, each and every act, time and time again because Ramon refused redemption. He closed his eyes and dispelled the images from his mind, there was no correlation between his feelings for Lilia and the vile acts Ramon had committed.
Louis exhaled slowly as he waited for Lilia to look at him. When she didn’t he reached for her hand, slowly so that she could withdraw if she chose to, his thumb rubbing a gentle caress over the back as he gave her hand a slight tug of encouragement.  She raised her head and smiled which he returned without hesitation. It was strange, but he couldn’t remember a time when he had smiled so much. 
His smile was so genuine that she wanted to cry. “I’m sorry that was very rude of me.”  She tried to ease her hand from his only his fingers were like a clamp around hers, strong and unyielding yet gentle all the same.
“There’s no need to apologise Lilia, no need at all.  In fact, I should be the one apologising to you.”   She looked so lost and forlorn, nothing like the wildcat he knew her to be.  He gave her hand a little squeeze.  “Come and sit down.  We’ll work out a plan together.” 
Lilia let him guide her back to the couch where she sat and pulled her legs up beneath her.  It was more than a little daunting to be in a situation that she had no control over, but if Louis was willing to include her in his plans, she’d be foolish to refuse.  All she had to do was to keep focused and not let herself be distracted by her growing attraction to him.
“So, how are we going to nail him?”  
Louis didn’t have the heart to tell her that she wouldn’t actually be involved with Ramon’s recapture, especially as he’d only just calmed her. “Our main concern is bringing down the cloaking shield, but until we can unravel the spell, he has the upper hand.”
“Don’t tell me he can cast spells, too?”  Lilia was horrified. 
“Ramon can’t, but associates of his can.” He smiled. “Fortunately, we also have people who specialise in this area.” 
Lilia didn’t look convinced as she reached across the table and took Louis’s cup.  He’d barely touched his tea. She clucked her tongue at him.  “I’d have made you a coffee if you don’t like tea,” she said as if Louis leaving his tea to go cold was the worst thing that had happened. “I’ll put the kettle back on.”
“I’m fine, really. Don’t bother on my account.” 
“I’ll rinse these through, then.” 

 She plonked the cups in the sink, turned the tap on full blast and stood holding on to the sink until long after the water in their cups ran clear. 
“Lilia.” 
She glanced over her shoulder to the doorway, but as before there was no one there.    “Lilia!”  
There was no imagining it this time, in fact the tone was so sharp and impatient that the hairs on the back of her neck stood to attention. She turned off the tap, her eyes scanning the kitchen while straining to hear. All was quite now.  Stepping into the hallway she carefully slid the dagger from its sheaf. Laughter filled the air as she rushed along the hall and burst into the living room.
  “He’s here.”  The next thing she knew, she was in Louis’s seat.  
“Stay there,” he commanded, and was gone. 
Lilia sat rigid in her seat, eyes wide as she listened for any sign of trouble.  The silence more unnerving than any commotion.  It was as if the whole apartment were cocooned in a soundproof bubble; even the pounding of her heart was barely audible in her ears.  Gripping the dagger in her hand she pushed herself up from the chair, but her legs felt too weak to hold her. She forced a step and then another, closing her eyes with the onset of nausea. 
When she opened her eyes Louis was looming over her, one perfectly shaped brow raised. “I thought I told you to stay put,” he reiterated, as he slowly eased her back onto the chair.  He was amazed that she’d been able to manage the few steps she’d taken.  A mild compulsion had accompanied his command to stay where she was; nothing domineering, just a little something to keep her from harm’s way, but somehow she’d managed to fight it. 
 It never ceased to amaze him how resilient she was.  No matter what was thrown at her, whether it be the unsolicited attention of an evil spirit or a compulsion from a being with more power than she could possibly envision, her soul fought for self-preservation. 
Louis crouched down in front of her, his eyes holding hers captive as he slowly eased the dagger from her clenched fist.  “It's okay, there’s nobody here.”   
Lilia dragged her gaze from his and peered over his shoulder to the doorway. She wasn’t mistaken. “I heard him. He said my name, not once, twice, but it was the laughter that really scared me.”  She all but whispered as she raked her fingers through her hair.  
Perhaps she was going mad. No, there was no perhaps about it, she was mad, had to be, because sane people weren’t stalked by evil spirits and they certainly didn’t have hunks like Louis as personal bodyguards.  Or did they? 
Unperturbed that the gesture may appear too intimate he entwined his fingers through hers.  “Lilia, look at me.” 
 His voice was a blend of compulsion and persuasion yet so familiar it seeped into her mind, creating a kind of tranquillity that she’d barely known since this nightmare began. Her gaze drifted back to his and she sent him a tentative smile.  “Am I going mad?” She asked anxiously, “Because, let’s face it, hearing voices, never mind laughter, isn’t normal, is it?”
Louis held her gaze. She wasn’t being flippant, she actually thought she was losing her mind, which was understandable yet also a matter of concern.  Lilia had been caught up in a nightmare she couldn’t escape and felt unable to trust herself let alone others and if her fears weren’t to become a reality he needed to find a way to restore her self-confidence. 
Louis’s thumb brushed over the back of her hand in a gentle, soothing caress.  “Lilia if you will allow me to try something I think it will help to alleviate some of your fears,” he asked imploringly.
Lilia looked at him sceptically.  “What?”  She sounded slightly apprehensive, yet intrigued all the same. 
She smiled as he stood up, taking her with him. He didn’t release her hand as he led her into the hall and through in to the kitchen.  Louis gave her hand a gentle squeeze as he led her back along the hall and into the various rooms that aligned the passageway. They were all as they should be, no one hiding in the wardrobe or under the bed, nothing out of place.
He guided her through her apartment like a parent comforting a frightened child, reassuring her that they were alone and that there was nothing to be afraid of. She felt even more ridiculous now that he’d proven that there was only the two of them there. 
Louis led her back to the couch and instead of sitting down in his own seat he sat down next to her and kept a tight hold on her hand.  “Lilia, if I told you that I have special gifts, would you willingly let me use those gifts in order to access your memory?  It will help us ascertain what you actually heard,” Louis asked pragmatically, as if it were nothing out of the ordinary to invade someone’s mind and read their innermost thoughts.
Oh my God, he can read my mind.  
Her face flushed with embarrassment. What if he’d done so when she’d had all those fanciful thoughts about him?  She groaned as a second wave of heat turned her already pink cheeks a deep red. 
“You’re talking about reading my mind, aren’t you?” 
“Yes.”
 It was a lot to ask of anyone, let alone someone like Lilia, but if she was to give him permission to merge his mind with hers he would know for sure if Ramon was trying to infiltrate her mind. Having permission would also strength their bond, making it far easier to track her movements.  
Lilia covered her face with her hands and missed his smile. Letting him rummage through her thoughts and memories was unsettling to say the least. Not to mention that he’d be privy to all her little secrets. 
 She captured his gaze as she lowered her hands. Was he asking out of courtesy or had he already been reading her thoughts whenever the mood took him.  Now that she thought about it he did seem very perceptive of her needs. And there was that nonsensical smile, too. She groaned. What if he’d been in her mind when she’d been daydreaming about him? 
“Any other talents that I should be aware of?” 
 Louis raised an expressive brow as his smile became pure temptation.  “Oh, one or two, but let’s not get distracted.  Will you allow me to read your mind or not?”  
His tone was a sensual tease that brought a fresh flood of warmth not only to Lilia’s already flushed face, but deep in the pit of her stomach. 
  “Allow being the operative word,” she narrowed her eyes on him, “because if you already have and you’re only asking now, out of courtesy, then you and me are going to fall out.” 
“I will not lie to you, nor do I want to lose your trust, or should I say what little trust you have in me.”  His face had become an expressionless mask, all semblance of mirth long gone. “I have read your mind and accessed your memories, but only those relating to Ramon.” He thought it best not to mention that sometimes the look on her face made it hard for him to resist.     
It suddenly occurred to him that he’d become a very proficient liar.	
Lilia gave him a look. “Okay, I’ll let you, but don’t go routing around in there.  I mean it.”
“I wouldn’t dream of it,” he said demurely, but a flickering of amusement danced in his eyes. 
Lilia swallowed hard and gave him her hand as she closed her eyes. 
Louis brushed a small circular motion over her palm with his thumb.  “Your hands are cold.” 
Her eyes shot open. “Have you done it?” 
“No. Not yet.”  He couldn’t keep the smile from his face when she gave his hand a shove, then closed her eyes again. 
 Louis squeezed her hand gently. “Even though it’s nice holding your hand it isn’t necessary to read your mind.” His voice was reassuringly calm, yet laced with mocking male amusement.
Lilia eyes flew open again. “Don’t tell me you don’t even have to be touching me.” She shook her head.  “Can things get any worse? Wait, don’t answer that.”  
“If you don’t want me to do it, I won’t.  I just thought it would help to reassure you that you’re not losing your mind.” And he meant it too.  If it was abhorrent for her to have him read her thoughts, then he would refrain from doing so. 
Chapter 8

Lilia slipped her hand back into Louis’s simply because it made her feel better holding on to him.  “Okay, do it, but don’t you go rummaging around in there, just look at anything connected to Ramon.”  
She bit her lips together in an attempt to stop the smile from forming. In the end the smile won and her face flushed invitingly.  “It’s like letting someone go through your knickers drawer.” 
	The slightest of frowns crossed Louis’s brow as he tried to figure out what she meant, but thought it best not to ask. Now that she had given her permission he was eager to begin.  He laid his other hand on top of hers.  “Thank you Lilia,” he murmured.
“For what?” 
“For giving me your trust.”  
“Well it’s only on loan, so don’t break it, or you’ll be really sorry.  Now, let’s do it before I lose my nerve.”
Louis smiled at the nervous look in Lilia’s eyes and gave her hand and encouraging squeeze as his mind merged with hers.  At first he was swamped with a jumble of chaotic images, all stirred up with a mixture of confusion, anger and above all fear.  She was so overwhelmed that her mind couldn’t cope with the bombardment of frightening information and had fragmented into so many pieces that he was amazed she could hold a coherent thought.  He merged his mind fully with hers, filling her with confidence and his assurance that he would always be there to protect her.
Lilia felt apprehensive and perhaps a bit silly holding Louis’s hand as if he could miraculously make this whole nightmare go away, but she was determined to give it a try.  Her eyes drifted over his face; there was a small v shaped scar above his left eyebrow that she hadn’t noticed, but there were no other blemishes. And, despite the youthful glow his face was that of a man, not a boy.  She didn’t even want to think about the reaction she had when he spoke, or how the resonance, so familiar now, seemed to wrap itself around her soul.
Lilia’s eyes widened as she realised her thoughts had once again drifted back to Louis.  Then, rather than blushing with embarrassment she found herself unconcerned, and not only that Louis would know what she thought of him, but of the whole Ramon affair.	
Louis inhaled deeply the moment she succumbed to his soothing ministration. The chaos in her mind stilled to give her a small respite from the nightmare threatening to consume her.  Then, like a movie, he rewound her memory, swiftly retracing her movements until the exact moment that she thought she’d heard Ramon’s voice.  
She’d been standing at the kitchen sink trying to figure things out for herself, needing more than anything to be in control of her own destiny. She truly did amaze him and he couldn’t help but smile.  For any other human, burdened with the knowledge that they were coveted by such a spirit, would already have succumbed to madness, but not her. He was just about to instil in her his admiration when he heard it. 
“Lilia!” 
 Twice, he’d called her name, the second so spiteful that she’d took fright, which had amused the hell out of Ramon. Louis’s jaw clenched as the all too familiar sound echoed through his head. The clamour, for there were no joy to it, was full of malice and such provocation that Louis suspected that Ramon was taunting him, not Lilia. 
His thumb brushed a light caress over her fingers. There was no trace of Ramon in the apartment, so he had to have established some sort of link in which to infiltrate her mind. He raced through her memories until he found her at Ramon’s apartment.  
The first thing that struck him was her determination to rid the world of the man who’d brutally murdered her friend. Next, was an ever growing force that shadowed the light and made it possible for her to carry out such acts of retribution.  Unfortunately, Ramon had seized control of her before she could plunge her dagger through his heart. 
Louis could see the evidence of Ramon’s assault, the taint of darkness lingered still, but fortunately her soul had recognised its presence and fought with such ferocity that it miraculously evaded capture and for that alone he was eternally thankful.                     	
He became surrounded by light, its radiance captivating him immediately.  He was bathed in warmth and for the first time in his long existence he felt content. But the thought of Ramon having such an intimate path of communication with her only served to erase all feeling of contentment, and left behind a rage that would surely consume him. 
He withdrew from her, but not before building a wall around her soul, the light shone just as bright, only now there were safeguards to protect her from any invasion. He also ensured that every trace of Ramon was cleansed from her body.  Not that he could break the bond that Ramon had established, but now that he was aware of it he’d closely monitor her and perhaps trace it back to Ramon, should he try to invade her mind again. Truth be told, he wanted Ramon to try again.
Lilia held Louis’s gaze throughout the whole experience, even when his beautiful eyes turn black she’d remained calm, so as not to distract him.  Finally he blinked and she knew it was done. 
“Well, was it him?”  The thought of anyone, let alone an evil spirit, invade your mind was terrifying, yet she was anxious to know if it were him, or if she really was losing the plot. 
“Yes,” he said without embellishment, unable to say more in case she sensed the rage smouldering within him. 
She raised a brow at his matter-of-fact tone. “Well, at least I’m not losing my mind,” she said with feigned cheeriness, but there was no denying the hurt in her voice.  She waited for a response, but when none was forthcoming she stood up and went again to the window. 
One minute he was all over her, offering his protection and all that rubbish and the next this cool, indifferent man who probably thought she was behaving like an irrational fool, when she wasn’t that at all. She was however, confused, extremely vulnerable and more than a little scared and if he couldn’t understand that then he wasn’t the person she thought he was. 
   Louis pushed himself up from the couch and moved toward her. He didn’t need to read her mind to know what she was thinking, for anger and confusion radiated from her in tangible waves, washing over him until he was drowning in a sea of misery. 
   Without conscious thought he slipped back into her mind.
   I must be mad, believing all this crap. I mean, spirits don’t really exist, do they, and if they do, they certainly can’t do all the things he said they can. And, who on earth can read minds, no one, right.  Or can they?  And him, just expecting me to take it all with a pinch of salt is really starting to piss me off. 
  Louis withdrew from Lilia’s mind feeling a little confused himself.  He could understand her doubting the existence of spirits and that people could read the minds of others because both were pretty far-fetched. But he certainly wasn’t expecting her accept it all without some trepidation. 
  And although she wanted to trust him, and had, to a certain degree, she had her suspicions too.  Louis sighed, his shoulders sagging. Perhaps it was better to protect her from afar, for at least then he would keep from unintentionally upsetting her.	
Lilia took a deep calming breath and tried to calm her chaotic thoughts. It wasn’t easy when they kept drifting to Louis and the effect he was having on her, but she couldn’t afford to get side tracked thinking about things that would never happen.  
She needed to focus on Ramon and knowing what she knew now, she couldn’t possibly hope to conquer him alone, but with Louis’s help she could at least stop him from hurting others. 
Lilia swept her fingers through the front of her hair and let it tumble back in to place as she turned from the window and slammed into Louis.  “For God’s sake Louis, stop creeping up on me like that, I could have killed you!” She sidestepped him and strode over the couch shaking her head.  
Louis followed her and slumped down in the chair opposite her, holding her determined stare with the whisper of a smile on his face. 
“I realise now that I’ve been a burden to you, what with my erratic emotions and all, and for that I can only apologise.” She held up her hand when he thought to disagree.  “I have, but it won’t happen again.”  She regarded Louis for a moment, focusing on the slight curve of his mouth.  “I mean it, I won’t let you down again.” 
She was sick to death of being scared and refused to live her life in fear. She wasn’t a defenceless woman; she was a professional killer for heaven’s sake and it was about time she started acting the part instead of this snivelling, incompetent fool that had somehow taken her over.
“Don’t be so hard on yourself Lilia.  Anyone who’d been through what you’ve been through would be frightened.”  Louis sent her a warm smile of encouragement. “And you certainly haven’t let me down.” 
Lilia returned his smile. “So what are we going to do about this shield thingamajig?” She knew nothing about magical shields and the likes and felt more than a little disadvantaged. 
“Rodriguez, another of our members, is working to unravel the shield as we speak, so it shouldn’t be too long before he brings it down,” Louis said with utmost confidence.  His response so casual that he could have been discussing something as mundane as the weather. 
Lilia couldn’t help smiling. She knew Louis was worried about the shield too, and she appreciated the fact that he would try to make light of it in order to ease her fears.  “It’s funny, if someone had told me about spirits and invisible shields a day ago I would have thought they were mad, but not now.  The thing that I don’t understand is how this sort of thing isn’t common knowledge; surely I’m not the only one, or am I?”
“No, but as you would expect, people are reluctant to openly discuss some of the strange things that have happened to them, as you would be yourself.”  
Louis sat watching her, something had changed; she was more accepting of this strange new world where spirits could weave magic and people could read the minds of others.  He didn’t know when it had occurred, but he was more than grateful that she was prepared to meet him half way and finally accept that what he told her was the truth. 
“There are many weird and wonderful things on earth, both good and bad and just because they can’t be explained doesn’t mean that they aren’t real.  It’s just that sometimes it’s easier to ignore them than it is to acknowledge their existence.”
“I can understand that,” Lilia replied.  “When you first told me about Ramon, I didn’t want to believe you.” She shuddered. “Just the thought of it is disturbing.”
“And now,” Louis asked holding her gaze. 
Lilia tilted her head slightly to one side as she looked at him.  “I’m still scared, I won’t deny it, but I’m also intrigued. And, not only about him, but you and your organisation too.”  
Her gaze drifted from Louis as she straightened up on the couch, crossing one long, slender leg over the other, revealing her dagger once again.  She captured his gaze as she slowly slid the blade from its sheath.  Her fingers traced the long thin blade with a light caress before she leaned forward and laid it on the coffee table in front of her.
Louis’s face was completely expressionless except for the indiscernible flicker of a smile. This dagger of hers was much more than a mere weapon of choice, it was, for all intents and purposes her amulet and by laying it before him, was a token of trust.  
He leaned forward in his seat still holding her gaze.  “Would you mind?” He asked, hand poised over the dagger. 
Very few people had seen her most prised possession, let alone touched it, until now. 
“Be my guest. Be careful, though, the blade is extremely sharp,” Lilia replied in a voice that was far too alluring for her liking.  Her cheeks flushed as she reached for the dagger.
Louis drew a deep calming breath.  The blade wasn’t the only thing that was sharp yet, despite knowing how precarious a situation he was in, he still let her wrap her fingers around the hilt before enveloping her hand in his. Her hands were so small and delicate compared to his. He smiled as his thumb brushed a light caress across the back of her hand. 
She’d been adamant that she wouldn’t let Louis distract her again, yet couldn’t help being captivated by the intensity of his gaze, by the warmth that swept through her at the touch of his hand.  Her gaze drifted down to their joined hands and again she missed his smile. She gave the slightest of tugs and pulled her hand out from under his.
Lilia sat back, curled her legs up beside her and slipped her hand between her knees savouring the sensation that his touch induced.  The problem was that if she didn’t stop acting like a love struck teenager they would never get anything done. Louis wasn’t helping matters either, if he would just stop looking at her like that and perhaps try his best not to touch her, then she might, just might, be able to hold a coherent thought. 
He turned the dagger slowly; as expected the infinity symbol was carved into the steel on both sides of the exceptionally long blade and also circled the entire base of the hilt. It was more than two thousand years old and had originally been used as a ceremonial dagger, changing hands many times over the centuries. His fingers drifted along the blade, tracing the infinity symbol as he tried to remember where he had been when he saw it last? He was sure that he’d seen it recently, definitely no earlier than the eighth century, yet for the life of him the recollection was not forthcoming.     
As his thumb and forefinger caressed the blade, he couldn’t help wondering how she’d acquired it. 
“Very nice, very nice indeed,” he said as he passed the dagger, hilt first, to Lilia, his gaze never leaving hers.	
“I know,” she said with a cocky smile then took it from him and slipped it back into the sheath on her thigh.
“If you don’t mind me asking, where did you get it?”
“I bought it at a school jumble sale,” she replied as she curled a strand of hair around her finger. “Cost me One-fifty for that and a Space Hopper. I was robbed; the Space Hopper had more holes than a golf course.” She smiled at him, amusement dancing in her eyes.
 He smiled back. Not only was it astonishing for a two thousand year old ceremonial dagger to be found at a school jumble sale, but that it should be found by a ten-year old girl, who would later use it to deal out vengeance, was intriguing to say the least. 


Chapter 9
It was nice sitting with Louis, more than nice, but she had to get ready for work and if he didn’t leave soon she’d be late. “So what are we going to do about Ramon, although I don’t see that there’s much we can do if we can’t even see him?”
Lilia would never agree to what he was about to suggest, but it was worth a try and who knows, she might, just might, surrender herself into his keeping. “Well there are two options,” Louis replied optimistically, but a trace of trepidation flickered in his eyes.
Lilia sensed his apprehension, but was eager to hear what he had to say.  After all, Louis was far more experienced in this sort of thing than she was and if he could impart some of that knowledge to her she would be more than grateful. 
“Well, what are they?” 
 Louis cleared his throat. “One we’ve already discussed, which is for you to come with me until we find Ramon.”
Lilia interrupted Louis before he could continue.  “No chance Louis, it isn’t going to happen.  Who knows how long it will take to find him and anyway, I won’t live my life in fear, not of him or anyone else.”  She held his gaze defiantly, but the glint in his eyes made her want to laugh.  “So what’s the second option?”
A humourless laugh echoed in Louis’s head.  There was no way on earth she would agree to what he was about to propose, but seeing as she’d declined the offer to come with him it was the only choice available.		 
“The only other option is for me to stay with you.”  Louis lifted his hand to hold her retort.  “Before you object Lilia, please, at least, consider it.” 
A frown creased her brow. Even though the thought of having Louis around was tempting there was no way he could stay with her. Not tonight anyway.  She’d put too much time and effort in to tonight’s job to let it all be for nothing and she refused to let her plans be disrupted because of Ramon, or Louis.  The problem was persuading Louis that she would be okay on her own.
Louis watched the various facial expressions flit across her beautiful face.  Was she seriously considering letting him stay; after all she’d be far more comfortable in her own home than she would be at his and at least here she wouldn’t have to put up with Leon. 
“The thing is Louis, I’m not used to having anyone staying with me, let alone a man I hardly know. It’s nothing to do with you personally, it’s just the way I am.”  She felt terrible when she saw the disappointment on his face.  “And anyhow, I’ve got to get my packing done. I’m flying back to England tomorrow, remember?” It wasn’t a complete lie. 
The phone rang before he could respond and grateful for the distraction she sprang from her seat to answer it.  She swiped it from its cradle and recognising Josh’s number turned back to Louis.  She frowned as she looked at him; apart from a slight flaring of the nostrils his face was completely devoid of expression yet there was no denying his annoyance.  
Had he read her thoughts and knew that she was lying?  No, he’d promised he wouldn’t without her permission and funnily enough she believed him, but that only made her feel all the more guilty for lying to him.  She sent him a warm reassuring smile. 
“I’m sorry, I really have to take this call.” 
“Go ahead,” Louis replied, his voice showing no evidence of his growing agitation.
Lilia hurried along the hall, pressing the answer button as she reached the kitchen.  “Hi Josh, tell me you’ve got good news.”
“Well, firstly he used his credit card yesterday to buy two open tickets to Amsterdam, flying from JFK international.”
“Amsterdam? Flying from JFK, so he’s still in New York then?  I wonder who he’s travelling with?” She wasn’t actually expecting an answer, and Josh had the good sense not to interrupt. 
“Do you want the really good news or what?” 
“Sorry, I was just.  Sorry, go on.”
“He caught the flight an hours ago, on his own, though, the other ticket wasn’t used. He’s due to land in a little over five hours.” 
Lilia heaved a heavy sigh; she didn’t have time to go to Amsterdam, not before the wedding anyway.
“At least you know where he’s going.” 
“Am sorry, I didn’t mean to sound ungrateful, it’s just, things are a little chaotic at the moment. But you know I couldn’t do any of this without your help, don’t you?” 
“Any time Lil, you know that.”  
Even though he couldn’t see her she smiled anyway.  “Just keep a tab on him until I get back.  If he moves again, call me.”
“Will do,” he said then hung up.
Lilia sat for a moment holding the phone to her ear oblivious to the hum of the deadline.    He was headed for Amsterdam, but with an open ticket, he could up and leave at a moment’s notice. And not necessarily by plane. She lowered her hand, frowning as if only just realising where the sound was coming from then turned it off, but instead of putting it down she tapped it gently against her chin as she considered her options.
Not that there was much to choose from; she could either go now and miss her sister’s wedding, or wait until after, which gave Ramon a three day head start. She tossed the phone onto the bed and stood. Three days or not, she was going to the wedding. 
And, anyhow, Louis would in all probability set off after him, so there was no need to worry. It also meant that there wasn’t any need for him to stick around, leaving her free to get on with her plans for the evening. 

Louis was confident that with slight persuasion she would come around to his way of thinking.  Then, the damned telephone had rang. He paced around the room. He could hear her side of the conversation quite easily, he could have heard the other side, too, if he’d wished, but he wanted her to trust him enough to tell him what Josh had to say. 
Lilia positively skipped back into the living room and stood before him, the smile on her face stealing his thunder. She had that effect on him, the ability to distracting him like no other, and the truth was, she posed more of a threat than any adversary. The tension in him disintegrated as she smiled up at him with bright eyes and it took all of his control to keep his arms at his sides, when all he wanted to do was wrap them around her and hold her against him. 
“You’ll never guess what?” 
“That you’ve going to stop being stubborn and let me stay here with you,” Louis replied drolly.  He knew what she was about to say, yet couldn’t resist teasing her anyway.
“No silly,” she said, and slapped his arm playfully.  “Ramon’s on his way to Amsterdam.”
 Louis’s brow rose in surprise. Never in all his long existence had anyone, had the audacity to behave in such a way toward him, yet he couldn’t keep the smile from his face.                           
“What makes you think that?”
Lilia sent him an impish smile.  “You’re not the only one with hidden talents.”  She sniffed with mock haughtiness.  “Mine just happens to be my nephew Josh, who also happens to be one of the best hackers I know.  He’s been scanning cyberspace or whatever it is you call it, and found that useful snippet of information for me.”
Louis was more than relieved that Josh was her nephew. Even though he’d known that the conversation was about Ramon he’d been distracted by the carefree, altogether, too, intimate, way she’d talked to the person on the other end of the line.  An unpleasant sensation had consumed him as he listened to her sweet talking the other male and try as he might he couldn’t understand why he was behaving in such a possessive manner, but now that he knew Josh was her nephew he felt far more at ease.
And, even if Ramon had gone to Amsterdam, it was by no means the end of it as far as Lilia was concerned, for he would simply have left instruction for his minions to seize her. 
Louis didn’t want to be the one to take the sparkle from her eyes, but she seriously needed a reality check.
The smile slowly faded from her face as she noticed the frown on Louis’s brow.  “What’s wrong now?” 
“Nothing’s wrong.  I just find it hard to believe that Ramon would simply leave you behind.  Especially as he’s gone to a great deal of trouble to acquire you. He even went so far as to reveal his power, knowing full well that we could trace the source back to him. So I very much doubt that he’d up and leave without you.” He leaned forward.  “And even if he has fled, it doesn’t mean he won’t send his people for you.”
Lilia snorted.  “You’re only saying that because I traced him before you did.” 
“Now you’re being childish.” 
Lilia folded her arms across her chest. “I’m being childish!  You’re the one who wants everything your own way.” 
“All I’m saying…”
“Who cares what you’re saying.” Lilia turned and walked away from him. 
“I rest my case.” 
“Oh shut up,” she said with a backward glance then walked out of the room.  She was annoyed with herself for letting him rile her so easily, but why did he always have to be right?  The thing was if he didn’t believe that Ramon had gone to Amsterdam there was no way he was going to leave her.  She looked at her watch.  It was twenty past five and if she didn’t get rid of him soon she would have to take him with her. She laughed at the thought. 
Louis couldn’t keep the smile from his face as Lilia stormed from the room, glad that it hadn’t escaped while she was standing in front of him or who knows what she might have done.  With a shake of the head he followed her in to the kitchen.  



Chapter 10

Lilia leaned against the sink, her arms crossed, and counted to ten.  She knew getting into a useless argument with him was only going to delay her plans so she decided to opt for a more congenial approach.  “I’m sorry for snapping at you.  It’s just that Josh wouldn’t make a mistake on something as important as this.  He’s not that incompetent.”
 She sent him what she thought was an appeasing smile, but it looked more like a smirk.  She really was going to have to brush up on her soft-soaping techniques if she wanted room for manoeuvre, but it just wasn’t in her.  She’d never been the type to take another’s lead and she certainly wasn’t going to start now.  What happened to congenial approach?  
Louis held her gaze.  She certainly didn’t look, or, for that matter, sound in the least bit remorseful; in fact she looked eager to continue, but he refused to be drawn in. 
“I accept your apology,” he replied with feigned appreciation then pulled out a chair and sat at the kitchen table, his long legs stretched out in front of him and stared at her.
“What’s wrong now?  I said I was sorry!” Why couldn’t she have just kept quiet and agreed with everything he said?  Why did she have to turn every single thing into an argument?  If she had just cajoled him a little he would probably have been on his way by now and she would be getting ready to go to work.  She stole a quick glance at her watch, and then dropped her arm to her side when she felt the heat of his gaze.    
He kept his eyes riveted on hers as he sat up and rested his right foot on his left knee.  His gaze drifted down to his boot, his finger running along the stitching, as if checking to see if they needed mending.  
Her gaze drifted without conscious thought from his huge feet to his groin and although her actions were unintentional, she had to admit, he had a pretty impressive bulge.  She shook her head inwardly at her wanton thoughts and looked up to see that infuriating all-knowing smirk on his face.
“Love your boots,” she said in the hopes that he hadn’t actually caught her ogling his you know what, but the blush wasn’t helping matters.
Louis’s eyes never left her face as he watched the heat slowly spread up her long, slender neck. He smiled inwardly; she’d been caught red-handed.  His thumb made a long slow caress along the seam then dropped his foot back to the floor, leaving his legs splayed wide
“Lilia, correct me if I am wrong, but wasn’t it information you received from Josh that helped you trace Ramon’s whereabouts in the past?” Louis asked without condemnation
A heavy frown crossed her brow as she tried to figure out what he was getting at.  “Yes, and?” 
“Well we already know that he’s been following your every move, and no doubt knows how you work.”  Lilia nodded in agreement, but the frown remained across her brow.  “Unfortunately he probably knows how you acquire your information.”
The frown disappeared only to be replaced with a wide-eyed look of shock.  “He knows about Josh?” Lilia asked already reaching for the telephone. 
 “No, he doesn’t know, or care, who gives you the information, but you can bet he knows what techniques you use.” Louis raked his fingers through his hair.  “What I’m trying to say is that he could quite easily have fabricated the information and neither you nor Josh would be any-the-wiser.” 
Lilia’s shoulders sagged.  “So you don’t think Ramon’s on his way to Amsterdam?” 
“All I’m saying is that we can’t be sure it’s him and I’m not prepared to take a chance.  I’ll arrange for someone to be at the airport when the flight lands and if it is him, then he’ll be dealt with, so try not to worry.” 
‘Try not to worry’.  Is that all he could say?  Lilia inwardly shook her head at Louis’s unrealistic remark. Of course she was worried, worried that if she didn’t get rid of him soon she was going to be late, perhaps too late. Burgman and Clint were due to meet at 7:00pm, and the plan was to hit them as soon as the meeting took place, but it was looking more and more likely that she was going to miss the initial handshakes. And, if she missed the entire show, there might not be another chance to take them out together.
She glanced at Louis, who, to her annoyance, looked far too comfortable for her liking. But comfortable or not, he had to go.  
 She’d scarcely looked at him, and the silence was starting to make him uneasy.
“Lilia.” She didn’t respond. “Look at me Lilia.”  He hadn’t raised his voice, yet the command was evident in his tone. She looked at him then, yet she remained silent.  “What’s on your mind?”
Lilia eyed him, suspiciously.  She had completely forgotten that he could read her mind and could only pray that he’d been true to his word, but the look of concern on his face was her undoing. At that moment she wanted to trust in him enough to tell him what she was planning to do. Maybe he would be sympathetic to her cause, but she didn’t have the time to get into a debate on the moral principles of slaughtering the scum of the earth.
The look of suspicion disappeared from her eyes.  “I was thinking of all the things I need to do before I go home.” 
“Perhaps there is something I can help you with.” If he could be of assistance, then maybe she would be more accepting of his offer to stay.
An impish smile lit up her face. Well, if you wouldn’t mind running over to Clint’s place and then kill him and that bastard Burgman, it will save me a whole lot of time and trouble.  But somehow she didn’t think he’d be that accommodating.
“No, it’s okay.  My friend’s coming over soon and she’s going to help me pack.  Thanks anyway.”  She didn’t know why she hadn’t thought of it sooner.  He’d probably be uncomfortable with more company, what with him working for a secret organisation and all that entailed. 
Lilia nervously raked her hand through her hair.  Well he could glare at her all he wanted, she didn’t care.  She didn’t even know why she was bothering to make up a story.  She didn’t owe Louis anything.  Hell she hardly knew him.  Why she felt the need to pander to his wishes was beyond her and the more time slipped by the more she felt the need to throw him out, but with that thought came another. Who was to say he wouldn’t hang around outside her apartment? He hadn’t even been fazed when she’d pulled him up about following her. In fact, he’d been quite smug about the whole thing.  
Louis inhaled a long, deep breath as he stood and pushed his chair under the table.  She’d said nothing to him about a friend coming to visit and he wondered if she was only using it as an excuse to be rid of him. He didn’t want to believe that she would try to deceive him, but he was suspicious of her latest revelation.  He narrowed his gaze on her.  
 “Do you think it’s wise to bring your friend here when there is so much danger surrounding you? After all, you’ve already lost one friend to Ramon, I can’t understand why you would risk involving another.”  His dark eyes held hers captive. He was baiting a tiger, but there was no backing down. 
 Lilia’s eyes turned from blue to black as rage swept through her.  Was he saying she was responsible for Gina’s death?  That she was so conceited she would risk her friend’s life?  How dare he?  She would never, under any circumstance, involve anyone, never mind a friend, with anything to do with Ramon. 
Lightning flashed in her eyes as the colour drained from her face.  She was about to give him a mouth full when the telephone rang again, the sound so shrill, she actually jumped with fright, but that didn’t stop her giving him a look that could strip the paint off of a door.
Louis’s features showed no indication of the frustration brewing inside him.  He had goaded her with an outrageous comment in the hopes that she would tell her friend not to come.  He had even hoped that she would admit to making the whole thing up because she didn’t want him to stay, but the damned telephone had interrupted them, again. 
Lilia held him with a fierce glower as she walked over to the counter and swiped the phone from its cradle. He was in for a shock when she got off, because now she was definitely going to throw him out; preferably with her big toe up his ass.
She glanced down at the display and sent Louis a grimace of a smile. “Hi Gill.” 
“Lil’, look, I’ve just spoken to Mum and…” 
 “You’re on your way, good,” Lilia interrupted, her gaze narrowing on Louis. “Take away? Yeah, I love Chinese.  Why not you get a banquet for two?”  She sniffed at Louis.
“What are you talking about?” Gill asked. 
“Okay, see you soon.”
“Lilia!” Gill shouted, but the line was already dead.
Lilia felt really awful about hanging up like that, but it couldn’t be helped.  She’d ring her back and explain once she was rid of Louis. She switched off the phone and placed it face down on the counter then turned to face him. He raised an expressive brow in response to her glower, but was wise enough to remain silent.  
“Time to go.”
 She was past mollifying him and for the life of her, couldn’t understand why she’d bothered in the first place.  She could take care of herself and certainly didn’t need him to protect her, not if that’s what he thought of her.  How could he even suggest that she was to blame for Gina’s death?  A sharp stinging sensation burnt the inside of her nose, making her eye’s water, but she’d be damned if she would let him know how much his words had hurt her. 
She looked like she wanted to claw out his eyes and who could blame her. His remark was insensitive and he was mortified that he would stoop so low to prove a point. And, what had he actually hoped to achieve by saying such a dreadful thing? 
Jealousy. 
The word echoed through his mind like a malicious taunt, leaving a deep frown across his brow.  A superlative, omnipotent being such as he couldn’t be jealous?  Yet, as he tried to rationalise his behaviour he realised that he had indeed become very possessive where Lilia was concerned.  He alone, was responsible for what she was going through and it was he who would protect her.  
“Lilia, I’m sorry.  I shouldn’t,” but before he could continue Lilia raised her hand sharply to interrupt him. 
“Don’t bother,” she snarled as she pushed past him and stormed out into the hall.  She didn’t have time to listen to his feeble apology and, truth be told, she was past caring.  She strode along the hall lifting Louis’s coat from the rack without breaking step and continued to the front door.
Louis stood in the kitchen doorway, watching as she glided along the hall, swiping his coat from the peg as she went.  Her feisty spirit was strong, perhaps even stronger than her compassionate nature and when the going got tough, she did too.  Everything about her fascinated him. 
Lilia stood by the front door counting to ten in her head.  If she didn’t calm down the chances of him getting out unharmed weren’t good.  She turned her head slowly in the direction of the kitchen and found him standing in the doorway. He looked sheepish, but she wasn’t in the mood to placate him.  She turned away determined not to get distracted.
His comments had cut her deeply and just the thought of him thinking so little of her made her eye’s glisten.  She closed her eyes tightly and when she opened them there was no longer any trace of emotion in them.  She gave him a sideways glance; what was he doing just standing there with that stupid, contrite look on his face, when she’d told him to leave?  She unlocked the door and flung it open with such force that the handle slammed into the wall leaving a dent in the plaster work.  She inhaled deeply then turned back to Louis, barely suppressing a snarl. 
Louis sauntered along the hall toward her, his mind racing to find the words to appease her. He stopped a few scant inches from her and held her fierce glare and for the first time in his long existence he found himself lost for words.  How could he explain that the thought of leaving her, even with a friend, while they were still unsure of Ramon’s exact whereabouts, made him feel distinctly uneasy.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to imply.” 
Lilia didn’t give him a chance to continue before letting fly with her own stinging retort.
“So you should be.  After all, it’s your fault all this has happened, not mine.  I mean, how long have you and your stupid organisation been after Ramon, anyway?”  Her eyes narrowed on him as she pursed her lips. 
 Resting one hand on her hip she continued her verbal assault.  “If you weren’t so incompetent my best friend wouldn’t be dead, would she?  Never mind all the other poor unfortunates he’s murdered.  And, another thing, if you’d done your job properly I wouldn’t need to be protected from some freaky spirit stalker, would I?  And I certainly wouldn’t have to have you here tormenting the life out of me.”  She pulled a face and waited to see what he had to say in his defence.
What could he say?  Nothing, because it was his fault, and, until he could send Ramon back to Hell he’d continue to murder and corrupt all those he came in contact with.
But, he’d been foolish to assume that Lilia, a skilled assassin, would surrender herself to his keeping, but knowing that still didn’t diminish the overwhelming need to protect her.  And, it wasn’t merely physical attraction either, although that was cause for concern, it was something much more profound and if he couldn’t understand his own behaviour how could he possibly hope to explain it to her. 
Lilia stood waiting for some sort of response, but he seemed reluctant to meet her gaze.  She inhaled deeply then released a long, steady breath.  Okay she’d said some nasty things to him, things she didn’t mean, but he’d started it. Her eyes rolled up to the right as she took another deep breath. 
“Louis.” He looked up and his eyes were so troubled she wanted to pull him into her arms and tell him that it was she who was sorry, but time being of the essence, and all that.	
“Look, we both said things we shouldn’t have and I’m sorry but,” she stopped abruptly as his hand reached for her. 
Louis’s arm dropped back to his side, but his gaze remained locked with hers.   “Lilia you have nothing to be sorry for.  It is I, who should be apologising. What I said was hurtful and uncalled for and for that I’m truly sorry.”  
There was such remorse in his voice that it echoed through her heart.  She had never seen him so downhearted and it tore at her like nothing else could.  A delicate frown hovered over her brow as she held his gaze.  “Louis I’m sorry too, I didn’t mean the things I said, you’re not to blame for the atrocities Ramon has committed and I shouldn’t have said that you were.”  She sent him a small, warm smile.  “This whole thing is really getting to me and I feel as if I’m losing control.”
Louis returned the smile, yet it never quite reached his eyes.  He too felt like he was losing control, a new experience for him and one he disliked immensely. He was a being of unlimited power and strength yet this young slip of a woman had aroused emotions in him that he never knew existed and it was these emotions that had caused him to lose control, and not only with Lilia, but Leon, also. 	 
His mind was in turmoil. If he were to leave her unprotected then Ramon would undoubtedly try to take possession of her again and he could not, would not, allow that to happen.  His stomach heaved at the thought of taking her against her will.  She would never forgive him, he knew that, but he’d deal with her wrath when the time came.  He wasn’t going to let his or her emotion’s cloud his judgement, not this time.  
Louis’s gaze drifted out in to the empty hallway; there was no one about to interfere if she were to cause a scene, not that she would have time to object. 
She smiled at the impish look in his eyes and this time when he reached for her, she actually felt the quickening of her heart as he took her hand in his.
“Lilia.” 
His voice was a warm caress over her skin, relaxing her instantly.  It was funny how his voice alone could cause such a reaction in her, making her feel cherished.  Cherished?  She didn’t know where that came from, but the sound of heels clattering along the hall distracted her before she could give it much thought. 
“Lilia!”
Lilia frowned at Louis before popping her head out in to the hallway.  She could have laughed when she saw Gill hurrying toward her, instead she sent her a look, cautioning her to say nothing in front of Louis. 

Gill stepped into the open doorway breathing deeply in an attempt to catch her breath.  She leaned forward and kissed Lilia on the cheek.  “Sorry I took so long to get here. The traffic is dreadful.”  She turned from Lilia and gave Louis her full attention. 
Lilia hadn’t been exaggerating when she’d said he was drop-dead gorgeous, he was that alright and then some. What a body; tall and dark with shoulders made for throwing you over and judging by the rippling muscles barely contained beneath his black t-shirt he’d do it with ease.  
Dark blue eyes surrounded by long, thick lashes that any redhead would kill for and although there was a hard edge to his mouth his lips could only be described a succulent. She didn’t want to linger too long on his stunning face from fear of drooling.  And, despite a weakness for men with short, close cropped hair, her fingers itched to brush back the tendril of inky black hair that had fallen into his eyes. 
Oh yes, Louis definitely ticked all the boxes.
But Gill wasn’t here to check out the talent, she was here to find out what the hell was going on with her friend.  She needed to know who this man was and, more importantly, what he wanted with Lilia.  She cleared her thoughts and sent her mind in search of a hidden agenda, but it was futile.  His mind block was so impenetrable that she feared any attempt to breach it would alert him. 

Louis had sensed Gills presence the instant she stepped into the building and although a part of him was pleased that Lilia hadn’t lied, another part of him was furious that he’d waited a moment too long to spirit her away.  And, now that Gill was here to support her, the chances of him getting Lilia to cooperate were virtually none existent.
He hadn’t really taken that much notice of her earlier, because he’d been trying to locate Ramon, but now that she stood in front of him he realised that she had some gifts of her own.  She was tall, like Lilia, with long copper coloured hair.  Her eyes were an extraordinary shade of green, yet specks of amber swirled through them when she’d tried to read his mind. 
It was impossible to breach his shields, no human could.  In fact, apart from Leon, not even his own kind could penetrate his mind.  Gill had a pretty strong mind block of her own, but it was useless in the face of his incredible strength.  He slipped into her mind and found that she was as concerned for Lilia as he was.  They had a very strong bond between them and there wasn’t anything that this woman wouldn’t do to protect her friend, even if that meant going up against him.  He smiled inwardly at the audacity of these modern women.

Lilia bit her lips together in order to stop herself from smiling at the glower on Gill’s face.  “Gill, this is Louis.  Louis, this is my friend Gill,” she said as the smile broke loose.   She tried to slip her hand from Louis’s as she stepped aside to let Gill enter, but he refused to release her. Her gaze fell to their interlocked hands and she felt the flutter of wings in her stomach as his thumb brushed a slow caress over the back of her hand. 
Louis reluctantly uncurled his fingers from Lilia’s and released her hand without taking his eyes from Gill.  “Pleased to meet you,” he said reaching for Gill’s hand. 
Gill couldn’t take her eyes from his; it was as if they were locked together in a battle of wills, neither wanting to relinquish their claim on Lilia.  And, even though he was the epitome of masculine beauty, the thought of touching him, made her nervous.  Swallowing the lump in her throat she took his hand.
His hands were more than capable of crushing the bones in hers yet his embrace was gentle.  She inhaled deeply unaware until then that she’d stopped breathing and immediately felt a surge of power flood her.  His touch was subtle, hardly recognizable yet with her inherent skills she was able to detect his presence. She wanted to pull her hand away, fearing that this dark, sensual man would reach inside her and take into him all that she was, all that she possessed, but she wouldn’t give him the satisfaction of knowing that he intimidated her.  
Never before had she encountered anyone with such strong psychic ability and given that her mother was a witch, she’d encountered more than she cared to mention.  She held his dark, penetrating gaze for what seemed an eternity, hypnotized by the fathomless depths of his eye, then found herself floating away on a wave of serenity, drawn deeper and deeper into the tranquil abyss.
Gill was aware of his presence, but there was little he could do about that now and as Lilia already knew about his skills, Gill wasn’t going to divulge anything new. Nevertheless if he wanted to keep who and what he was a secret he would have to be extremely careful in her presence.  He was intrigued by her though, and wanted to know the full extent of her psychic abilities, but now wasn’t the time.  What he needed more than anything was for Gill to leave, for her to go home, so that he could take Lilia with him. 
Louis soothed her enquiring mind, taking away all anxieties.  He wanted her calm and content, so relaxed that she felt the need to go home and sleep.  It was only a light compulsion with no long-term effects, one that would wear off after a good night’s sleep. His gaze was then drawn to the amber and rune stone bracelet she wore around her wrist, his brow arching as the amber sparked and the runes pulsated in warning, drawing Gill from her enthralment. 

A tiny electrical charge went through Gill’s wrist, jolting her back to reality. She blinked hard, trying to dispel her sudden lethargy; it would be unwise to relax her guard, not with this exceptionally talented psychic.  
Her smile was full of confidence as she gave his hand a firm shake. “Pleased to meet you,” she said and tried to withdraw her hand, but he held on to her a moment longer, his smile sending tiny shiver down her spine.
Her self-assured smile amused him; did she really think trinkets such as this bracelet with its powerless gems could deter him when there wasn’t a power on earth that could equal his.  Nevertheless he was grateful that Lilia had such a worthy friend, a friend who would stand defiantly in the face of adversity if the need arose. 
Lilia’s gaze leapt from Gill to Louis and back again.  Poor Gill looked like a rabbit caught in the headlights.  She had forgotten how intimidating he could appear, but Gill was more than capable of dealing with him. After all, he was quite charming beneath the indifferent façade he wore so well.
Lilia smiled as Gill’s rapt expression faded, leaving her looking confident and determined to have the answers she sought.  But there wasn’t any time for Gill to give Louis the third degree, she was late enough as it was and if she didn’t leave soon then the months of preparation would have been for nothing.
“Gill why don’t you put the kettle on and make us a nice cup of tea.” 
Gill had a few questions for Louis, but by the look on Lilia’s face, now wasn’t the time. She turned to Louis, “Would you like a cup?” she asked, unsure if he was coming or going. 
“Louis was just leaving,” Lilia said before he had a chance to accept and sent Gill another irritated look.  What was she doing asking him if he wanted a cup of tea. She gestured toward the kitchen with a quick flick of the head. 
“I’ll put the kettle on then,” Gill said, but neither of them appeared to notice that she was there.  She swallowed the lump of trepidation in her throat, unsure whether or not to leave Lilia alone with this immensely powerful, extremely intimidating, highly delectable man.
“Well, it was very nice to meet you.” 
Louis turned his head from Lilia to Gill, his eyes remaining on Lilia for a moment longer before they finally came to rest on Gill.
“The pleasure is all mine,” Louis said yet his attention was clearly elsewhere. 
These two were up to something. 
He’d promised Lilia that he wouldn’t read her thoughts, but he’d made no such promise to Gill and was just about to sweep past her flimsy barrier when everything in him stilled, his heart, his lungs, his intrusive assault on Gill’s mind, all froze at the touch of Lilia’s hand.  
He turned back to Lilia, capturing her gaze in an instant.  Something as innocuous as her hand on his arm was enough to make him stop everything he was doing and give her his full and undivided attention. 
Gill’s eyes widened at the rapt expression on Louis’s face. What the hell was going on with these two?  She couldn’t wait to find out, but rather than stand there like a gooseberry, she turned and walk along the hall to the kitchen without further comment. 

Lilia didn’t have time for them to get acquainted, so to hurry him along, she’d taken his arm, but the effect of that one, small, harmless gesture, sent her reeling, as a thousand tiny birds took flight within her.  But it was the look in his eyes that left her breathless, for stark possession burned there, and, instead of aggravating her, as it normally would, there was only an overwhelming sense of belonging.  She dismissed the idiotic notion and dragged her gaze from his, so as not to fall any farther into the abyss.
Louis couldn’t fail to notice her reaction, or was he so out of his depth, that he imagined it?  He didn’t think so. So maybe now that she’d calmed down a little, she’d allow him to stay.  He’d have to submit to a cross examination from Gill, but it would be worth it. 
“I’ll tell you what, why don’t you give me and Gill a few hours to get my packing done and call back later to see if everything’s hunky-dory.” Lilia hoped it would be enough to appease him. 
His eyes narrowed on her; why he’d thought that she would let him stay was beyond him. She was as stubborn as a tick.  He released an exaggerated sigh so she’d know exactly how frustrated he was, and then reluctantly nodded his head in agreement.  
Yes, he’d be coming back, but that still didn’t alleviate the deep sense of foreboding.  He didn’t want to leave her and every cell of his being screamed at him to take her with him.  He took a step closer, so close that she had to tilt her head back to hold his gaze. 
Lilia could actually feel her heart pounding as Louis stepped closer and didn’t know how she stopped herself from moving the few scant inches into his arms. A sharp pang pierced her heart; she hated lying to him about staying in, but she really didn’t have a choice.  The good thing was that if he left now, she’d be back before he returned and he wouldn’t be any the wiser. 
His hand sought and found hers, brought it up to his chest and held it there. “Lilia, I want you to promise me that you won’t leave the protection of your home.”  
“Are you kidding?  I’ve got so much to do that I’ll probably still be packing when you get back,” Lilia replied with a smile, yet it didn’t quite make it to her eyes. 
 He squeezed her hand lightly, a slight reprimand for her frivolous attitude. “Promise me that you won’t leave this apartment until I get back.”  His dark eyes bored into her, demanding the promise he sought.
“Okay.  Okay.  I promise that I won’t go out.  You have my word.”  She pulled her hand from his.  “Now if you don’t get going I’m not going to get anything done.”  She hated herself for lying to him when all he wanted to do was protect her, but what was she to do.
Louis casually draped his coat over his arm.  “Lock the door and don’t open it until I get back.  Do you hear me?”
Lilia huffed at his commanding manner.  “Yes.  Yes.  I hear you.  Lock the door and don’t open it until you get back.  Flippin’-heck Louis, I’m not a child.” She was peeved that he still thought of her as a defenceless woman, but she wasn’t going to start on that one again.
“I’m well-aware of that,” Louis replied with a wolfish smile on his face.	
Lilia bit her lips together to stop the smile from forming on her face, but couldn’t stop her eyes from widening in shock.  Why did she have to go to work when she’d much rather stay home with him?  Life wasn’t fair.  “I’ll see you later then,” she said and all but pushed him out through the door.  She wanted to laugh at the look on his face, but she needed to be firm with him, or he’d never go.
Louis was all too aware that Lilia wasn’t a child and although he hadn’t intended for his response to sound so suggestive there was no denying that it was and that shocked him, yet not nearly as much as when Lilia virtually shoved him out through the open door.  He arched a brow in response to her cheeky smile, but didn’t attempt to stop her from closing the door over so that only her head poked out.
Lilia gave him a cheesy grin, “I’ll see you later.”
Louis narrowed his gaze; the little minx was definitely up to something?  “You will,” he replied resolutely and turned away as Lilia closed the door. 
He stood for a moment contemplating his next move.  He needed to confirm if it was Ramon aboard the flight to Amsterdam, but he wouldn’t risk boarding the plane in mid-flight in case his presence caused an electro-magnetic pulse and disabled the sensitive equipment, risking the lives of so many innocent people, when his gut instinct told him that Ramon was far too narcissistic to flee. Ramon had set his sights on Lilia, for what purpose, he wasn’t entirely sure, but he knew him well enough to know that he wouldn’t give up so easily. 
Resigning himself to the fact that there was little he could do about it now he set about laying the strongest safeguards around the entire apartment block.  When he’d finished he was more than confident that neither man nor beast could enter Lilia’s home. What he needed to do now, was to see what progress Rodriguez had made in bringing down Ramon’s cloaking shield.  He glanced along the empty corridor and then vanished. 


Chapter 11

Why, when she had practically thrown him out, did she want him back?  And, when had she become so needy? She sighed heavily and turned to see Gill standing in the kitchen doorway with a smile on her face that would put a Cheshire cat to shame.
	  “Oh my God Lilia, where did you find him?  He’s absolutely stunning and did you see the way he looks at you?” Gill gushed, dismissing her trepidation for the moment. 
	  Lilia’s smile never made it to her eyes.  “He found me, remember.” 
A slight frown shadowed Gill’s brow.  “What’s wrong Hon?  You look like you found a Penny, but lost a Pound?” 
“I’m fine, I just need to get moving,” Lilia replied, as she rushed to her bedroom.
Gill hurried after her, wanting to know what was going on.  She sat down on the bed while Lilia stripped off, leaving her discarded clothes where the lay.  She was itching to know what had happened, but Lilia was so focused on getting her things together that she didn’t even appear to notice that she was sitting there.  
“Hello.  I’m still here you know.” 
Lilia glanced over her shoulder.  “Sorry Gill, I don’t mean to be rude, but I’ve got to go.”  She looked down at her watch with a deep frown on her face.  “Probably too late, now, anyway,” she said, reaching into the wardrobe to retrieve her new leather hipsters.
“Then don’t go.  Stay here,” Gill pleaded, her expression full of concern.
Lilia turned and gave Gill a reassuring smile. “I have to.”
“Why?  It’s not up to you to rid the world of shit like them; the police should be doing that, not you,” Gill replied, but she knew that there was nothing she could say that would deter her.  Lilia had chosen this path a long time ago and there wasn’t anything she or anyone else could say to stop her.
“Please Gill, let’s not start on that again,” Lilia replied pulling her snug leather pants over her round bottom. 
“Can’t you just wait until all this trouble with Ramon is over?  I mean, what difference are a couple of days going to make?” Something didn’t feel right and it wasn’t just the normal apprehension she felt when she knew Lilia was working, but something far sinister. The problem was that when Lilia set out to do something there was no stopping her, to say she was tenacious was a bit of an understatement.
Lilia snapped the belt buckle into place.  “If you knew what these men had done. The crimes they’ve committed on young children then you wouldn’t be trying to stop me.  And, who knows what depraved activities they’ll be arranging tonight. I’ll tell you one thing though, it won’t be very pleasant for their victims,” Lilia replied, yet couldn’t help sending Gill a reassuring smile when she saw the anxiety in her eyes. 
 “Stop worrying, I’ll be fine,” she said, bending over to retrieve her biker boots from under the bed.
“I could come with you, in case you need back-up.” 
Lilia laughed as she sat down on the bed.  “What are you going to do, beat them to death with your Manolo’s?”
Gill gasped aloud.  “Heaven forbid, no.  Could you imagine burying one of these babies in to someone’s skull.” She said, raising her Manolo adorned foot from the floor to admire its beauty.  “You’d never be able to wear them again, that’s for sure.” 
Both of them laughed at Gill’s shallow reasoning.
Lilia continued chuckling as she pulled on her boots, tightening the buckle to ensure a snug fit.  She looked up to see the look of distaste on Gill’s face.  “What’s wrong now?”
“Don’t you think it’s time you got yourself a new pair of boots.  I mean, they’re not very feminine, are they,” Gill said with a grimace. 
“No way, I love these boots.  These are the boots I’d want to be wearing in a zombie apocalypse,” Lilia replied passionately.  “They’re so comfy you could sleep in them and let’s face it, if there were zombies on the loose you’d probably have to.”
Gill shook her head at Lilia’s weird notions.  “I’m seriously beginning to worry about your state of mind.  I would hate to think what would happen if a psychiatrist ever got you on his couch.”
Lilia sent Gill a broad smile as she pushed herself from the bed.  “I don’t think there’s much chance of that happening, especially with all the weird things going on in my head at the moment.”
 Lilia walked back over to the wardrobe and withdrew a black vest and slipped it on over her head.  She swiped her leather jacket from the arm of a chair, wriggled into it and then zipped it up to her chin.  She paused with a frown on her face; she was missing something.  Her face brightened as she realised what it was.  
She took her dagger from the sheath, her fingers gliding along the blade in a long, slow caress, paying homage to her most prized possession.  She turned to find Gill rolling her eyes at her bizarre behaviour.  “You know I can’t go anywhere without this little baby,” Lilia said sliding the dagger into the custom made compartment of her leather hipsters. 
Gill sneered at the endearment Lilia gave to such a lethal looking knife.  “You really are strange.”
“Thanks,” Lilia replied as if she’d been paid a compliment and both of them burst out laughing. 
The laughter subsided as their eyes met.  It was time to leave.  Gill gave Lilia a warm smile and a reassuring nod.  She hated that she should have to go out into the big bad world and destroy such monsters, but no one else seemed to care enough to put a stop to their exploits.  The police did everything they could to catch them, but there were so many flaws in the system that the perpetrators were often released without charge, free to continue their sordid little lives.
That’s when Lilia stepped up to the mark; and it mattered little that many of the culprits had strong mob connections. And, Gill was very proud to have a friend who was compassionate and courageous enough to do something about the evil disease spreading the world like a malignant cancer. 
“Right then, time to go,” Lilia said, not wanting Gill to waste any more time trying to deter her, but she couldn’t help smiling at the wide-eyed look of shock on Gill’s face.
“Please tell me you’re not going on a job with only a knife to protect you.  I mean, how close are you planning on getting?” Lilia was good, but the thought of her going up against such horrible people armed with only a knife, okay an exceptionally long knife, but still, was absolutely ludicrous.
“No silly.  I’m crazy, not suicidal.  I stashed my things during the week when I was doing a little reconnaissance.” She didn’t want Gill worrying about her when she was out, but there was no time to reassure her with details of the arsenal of goodies she’d hidden earlier in the week.  “Right then,” Lilia said making her way into the hall. 
Gill followed feeling more than a little nauseous. She hated not being able to help, but guns and all that malarkey had never been her thing; she was a spells and potions sort of girl.  Oh shit, she had forgotten to tell Lilia, what her mum had said. 
“Lilia, wait.  I haven’t even told you what Mum said.” She could kick herself for not remembering sooner.
“It’ll have to wait ‘til later. Really, I have to go,” Lilia said impatiently as she pulled her black motorbike helmet from the top of the stand.  
“Okay,” Gill said, her shoulder sagging with the weight of concerned.
“That reminds me,” Lilia said passing her helmet to Gill and then rushed back to the kitchen for her purse.  She was sure she’d left it in the kitchen earlier, only it wasn’t there now.  She stood for a moment, retracing her steps in her mind.  She’d come back with Louis and came to the kitchen to make him a cup of tea.  No she’d taken him into the living room first.  Lilia all but raced along the hall to the living room, glanced at Gill and ignored the puzzled expression on her face.  She found her purse on the arm of the chair and quickly flicked open the clasp with her thumb and reached inside to retrieve Louis’s card. 
Her fingers began to tingle with that weird, yet strangely comforting sensation. She inhaled deeply as the feeling of reassurance spread through her and she closed her eyes savouring the warmth that she associated with Louis’s touch.  
Lifting the card she pressed a kiss into the centre and held it there for a moment before slipping it inside her bra, then rushed back out into the hall where Gill stood with her arms wrapped around her helmet, concern evident in her eyes. 
“Will you stop worrying,” Lilia said as she took the helmet from Gill.
Gill shrugged.  “Who’s worried,” she said with a strained smile that never quite reached her eyes.  “Where exactly are you going, in case I need to come and get you?” She couldn’t bear the thought of Lilia being injured, or worse, and no one knowing where she was.  At least if something happened she would know where to send help, but by the look on Lilia’s face she wasn’t going to tell.
Lilia smiled. “To town.” 



Chapter 12

Lilia rode along the alley a block from Clint’s apartment on the back of a black Hayabusa turbo, then rolled in behind three dumpsters and killed the engine.  She took a cursory look up and down the alley to make sure no one was watching her and then climbed off the bike.  It was dark with only the dim glow from the overhead windows giving her enough light to see what was under foot.
 She stood for a moment or two watching the entrance to make sure that she wasn’t being followed then secured a heavy chain around the wheel of her bike, so it would be there when she got back. With all the strange things going on she certainly didn’t want to have to make her escape on foot. 
Taking a small torch from the pack on her bike she shone the light along the bottom of the wall to find the length of pole she’d placed there earlier in the week.  Popping the torch into her pocket she picked up the pole only to find that while it had been lying on the dirty floor something had slithered along it, leaving globs of goo in its wake.  Lilia shuddered as she raised the pole to the fire escape ladder and with luck managed to yank the ladder down without a problem.  
She laid the pole back-down and rolled it against the wall with her foot as she brought her hands up to her face. Her black leather gloves were covered in yuck.  She shook her hands vigorously trying to flick the slime off, but it seemed reluctant to leave.  Pulling a face of absolute disgust she looked around for something to wipe it off with, but there wasn’t even a discarded newspaper to be found. She opted for the next best thing, which was to scrape her hands along the brickwork until most of the gunk was off.
Then with one last scan of the alley she stepped up onto the seat of her bike so that she could climb easily onto the dumpster.  From there she could reach the lowered fire escape ladder without difficulty. 
Lilia had one foot on the first rung when the dumpster moved from under her and despite slamming her hip into the wall she managed to hold on.  Ignoring the pain she instinctively went for her dagger as she righted herself.  She climbed up further, putting the dagger between her teeth as she reached into her pocket for the torch.
The beam caught nothing, but the dumpster hadn’t moved on its own.  She cast the light further along so that she could see behind the other two and it was only then that she realised that there was a man huddled behind the third.  What was he doing down there? Was he hurt? By the way he was crouched over, probably. 
Lilia swore under her breath. She couldn’t leave him, not if he was hurt.  She shone the light on the man’s down turned head, “Hey. Are you alright down there?” But there was no response.  
She was just about to step down when he moved.  Poised mid step, she watched as he didn’t so much stand as unfurl, like a sticky, wet insect emerging from its cocoon.  One, long, thin arm and then the other stretched out into the darkness, pale fingers testing the air.  He jerked once, twice, then stood. Stooped shoulders kept his head bowed making it impossible to see his face clearly, but she guessed by his posture that he was elderly.
“Are you okay?” she asked impatiently holding the beam on his down turned head.  She really didn’t have time for this. 
His head twitched from side to side as if it hurt to move yet he managed to raise his head enough to look at her.  Lilia adjusted the light so that it wasn’t shining directly in his eyes, but close enough to see his face clearly.  What struck her first was the intensity in his watery blue eyes. Even more disturbing was the way the thin slash that was his mouth kept gapping open to reveal a few peg-like teeth. The way his tongue danced between the gaps reminded her of a dog chewing a wasp.  
Lilia dragged her gaze from the relentless chomping to see if he had any visible injuries.  He was completely bald on top, with short almost stubble like grey hair at the back and sides.  His features were so gaunt it looked like all the excess skin had slid off to hang like fleshy curtains from his long, scraggly neck. And, even though he was hunched over he was still broad. It was anyone’s guess how old he was; anything from forty to eighty, she really couldn’t tell.  His black suit was soiled, yet not his white shirt and surprisingly his floral tie looked not only clean, but pressed too.
What had happened for this man for him to end up homeless and alone, for people didn’t choose this way of life and if they did, it was because they’d suffered greatly in one way or another and wished to escape their former lives.  That being said she still found everything about him creepy and certainly wouldn’t want to meet him in a dark alley.  She laughed at the irony of it. 
Wait, was he sizing her up?  She swapped the dagger to her right hand. His lip twitched and he mumbled something before turning and shuffling away.  Lilia exhaled sharply, shaking her head at her over active imagination, then scurried up the fire escape to the roof. 
With no time to spare she ran across the rooftop to the air-conditioning vent and plied the grill off.  It was easy enough to do as she’d already removed the screws when she’d hidden her rifle there earlier in the week.  She reached inside, her fingers blindly feeling for the length of cord that she’d secured to the case and quickly pulled the case out of the vent.  She was already spinning the combination as she lowered the case to the floor, then with a flick of the clasps she flipped the lid and pulled out her sniper’s rifle.
Lilia had a number of custom made rifles, but this one was proving to be her favourite.  A close friend who worked for British Intelligence had made it specifically for her. Basically it was a L115A3 long range sniper’s rifle, but with the extra adjustments she’d had made there wasn’t another rifle remotely in its class.
Holding the rifle along the length of her body she scanned the rooftop and neighbouring buildings before making her way to the far side of the roof. Lying down, she shuffled into position near the edge. She peered down the sight, through the gap of the two adjacent buildings to the huge glass windows of Clint’s apartment. Using this type of weapon for such a short distance shot was excessive to say the least, but it was her favourite. And, at this range the 8.59mm bullet would go through them both, like a knife through butter.  Well, that’s what she was hoping. 
The lights were on, but as yet, no movement. She checked her watch; they’d scheduled the meeting for seven and it was now seven fifteen.  She prayed she hadn’t missed them.
She raised her leg at the knee and slammed it back onto the roof.  She was too bloody late, they’d already left.  Damn it!  She kicked the roof again sending another sharp pain up her leg.  She exhaled sharply, her breath turning to mist in the cool air, evaporating as quickly as it appeared and there in the window stood Burgman.  
Lilia couldn’t keep the smile from her face as the feeling of elation swept through her.  Lowering the zip of her jacket she carefully eased out her Jade cross, raised it to her lips and pressed a firm kiss into the centre before popping it back inside her jacket. 
Lilia fought the urge to kill Burgman while she had him in her sight, preferring to get both with the one shot as planned.  She wanted to send a clear message to those who thought their connections made them untouchable. 
She sniffed at the blasé attitude of such men; dressed to the nines in their expensive suits as if they were high flying business executives.  Then again, what were the evil bastards supposed to wear, a black hooded cloak.  She didn’t think so.
It was clear by his hand gestures that Burgman was talking to someone, unfortunately from where she was positioned she couldn’t see who the other person was.  She shuffled further along the ledge until she could see into the room more clearly. 
A dark haired man stood with his back to her, pouring drinks. She waited what seemed an eternity for him to turn around, her breathing so shallow that there was no discernible movement in her chest, but her head throbbed with every beat of her heart. Storm clouds gathered within as she waited for the first clash of thunder.
The wail of a police siren drew her attention to the streets below and when she looked back the sight left her breathless.  There, standing right next to Burgman was Clint.  Both stood with half-filled tumblers in their hands, the golden liquid swishing around their glasses as they laughed at some amusing anecdote.
Lilia’s nostrils flared as she dragged air into her lungs. “You won’t be laughing in a minute.” She flicked the safety off.  “Move over just a little bit more,” she murmured. “That’s it.”  Burgman still had his back to her, Clint facing, both engrossed in conversation.  Her breath left her lungs in a long slow hiss and she stilled as her finger gently squeezed the trigger. 
The specially designed bullet didn’t even shatter the window as it pierced the glass, the bullet going straight through both their heads without losing momentum. Death was instantaneous, which was a real shame, considering the atrocities they’d both committed. 
Lilia sniffed.  What did it matter as long as they were dead?  Then, the image of Ramon flashed through her mind and a spine twisting shudder ran through her.  Well, okay, there was Ramon, but surely he was the exception to the rule.  
In a kneeling position she peered down at the streets below.  People ambled along, totally oblivious to the carnage above their heads.  Most probably wouldn’t have cared anyway.
After lowering the case back down the ventilation shaft she fastened the screws back in place.  She would leave the rifle here for a while; pick it up when all the commotion had died down. 
Lilia had just tightened the last screw when she heard a bang. “Shit!” 
Nobody would have heard the shot or even seen the flash because of the suppressor so it wasn’t the police, and even if, by some remote chance, someone had seen her and called the police their response time wasn’t that good.  
The janitor perhaps?  
She turned with a smile on her face fully prepared to tell whoever it was a story about coming up to the roof to look at the amazing star studded sky.
A tall man stood in the shadows, making it impossible to see him clearly, but as soon as he stepped forward her heart slammed so painfully against her chest that she thought it would break through.  Her breath caught, leaving her throat icy cold, her eyes so wide it would be a miracle if they ever closed again.
It was the old homeless guy from the alley, only he didn’t look so old now.  No, he didn’t look old at all.  What she had mistaken as an old man’s watery blue eyes were now ice blue and so intense that frost crept up her spine as they drifted over her.  And, if that wasn’t bad enough he still hadn’t stopped that incessant chomping. 
 Lilia tried to swallow the lump in her throat, but try as she might it refused to budge, the knotted sensation making her want to gag.  He wasn’t even one of those disgusting people who opened their mouths when they ate because he wasn’t actually eating anything, he was sucking on the few teeth he had, his tongue darting out as he did so, testing the air like some ugly giant lizard.
What the fuck did he want?  Maybe he was just being nosey and had followed her up there to see what she was doing?  She gave a mirthless snort at her own pathetic reasoning.  Of course he wasn’t just being nosey, he wanted a piece of her and by the look of him he wouldn’t be satisfied with just one.
How had she ever mistaken him for an old man? 
He took a step toward her then another.  She held her ground, her head turning slightly to the side as she gritted her teeth in frustration. She didn’t have time for this. What really pissed her off was that he thought she was alone and defenceless.  Okay, she was alone, but she certainly wasn’t defenceless and just the thought of this weird, creepy looking man thinking he could attack her because she was alone infuriated her. 
Lilia slid her dagger from its sheath and brought it up in front of her with deadly intent and sent him a taunting smile.  She wasn’t planning on killing him, she just wanted to scare him off, only he didn’t look scared. In fact he took another step toward her, pulling a long, shiny machete out from under his jacket as he did so.  He then had the audacity to raise his arms out to his sides and motioned with the machete for her to come and get him.  Lilia couldn’t believe the nerve of the man, she also couldn’t stop the shock from registering on her face.
He didn’t miss it either because he stopped sucking his teeth and let his thin lips meet, but only for an instant, then they started to roll back, and not just the top lip, the bottom lip too, so that all she could see was his engorged gums and those few scattered long teeth. He reminded her of a chimpanzee pulling a face; only chimps usually had more teeth than the creep in front of her.  
Her face contorted into a sour grimace as she ground her teeth; she really didn’t have time for all this. She launched her attach, spinning toward him like a whirling Dervish, turning her dagger with swift precision to slice deeply through his chest and arm.  She came to a stop behind him and was amazed that, despite the amount of blood streaming through his finger he hadn’t dropped the blade.  
Slowly he turned around, his face showing no sign of pain just that creepy toothy grin. He lunged for her, but the big feller didn’t move too fast so it was easy enough to get by him.  Then again, there was no need to rush as he’s already locked the door. The only other route was the fire escape, only now, she’d have to go through him to get to it.
Why does this always happen to me?  She thought wistfully giving herself a mental shake.  These things happen to you because you never listen. The voice inside her head answered tersely.  She sniffed at the reprimand.  She knew it was her own fault and she certainly didn’t need reminding of it.  But if she didn’t get off this bloody roof soon someone was definitely going to spot her and then she wouldn’t have to worry about Louis returning to her apartment and finding her gone, because she’d be too busy looking over her shoulder, waiting for one of Clint or Burgman’s buddies to come and get her. 
Think.  Think.  Think.  Her rifle was pretty useless seeing as she’d secured all the screws back onto the ventilation shaft.  She had her dagger, but the thought of getting up close and personal again made her flesh crawl.  There was something not quite right about him and it wasn’t just the teeth sucking thing either. 
He lunged at her again and tried to grab her arm, but she was too quick for him and easily sprang away.  She needed to get him away from the fire escape and quick. Lilia ran across the roof, glancing over her shoulder with a mock expression of fear. She wanted him to follow her to the other side so that she could double back and make it to the fire escape before he caught up, only he didn’t to want to play.  
Or maybe he’d lost so much blood he didn’t have a run in him? 
Lilia waited for him on the far side of the roof, but he just stood there staring back at her with that grotesque smirk on his face. What the hell was he waiting for?  She peered over the edge of the roof and then back to him.  Then, Louis’s words hit her like a sledge hammer.  
‘Ramon could send his people for you.’  She swallowed hard, could this strange man be one of Ramon’s minions?  She hoped not, but then why would he come after her with that big machete of his and then do nothing, just stand there waiting?  Waiting? “Shit, is he waiting for Ramon,” she whispered aloud.
Lilia’s stomach flipped and she tasted bile in the back of her throat.  She had never felt so trapped and if there was one thing that really pissed her off it was when people thought they could get the better of her. For a moment, and it was only a moment, she considered killing him, but something told her that he wouldn’t go down easily and she’d just waste more time trying, time she didn’t have.  No, she had to find another way off of the roof and find it fast.
 Lilia walked along the edge of the roof to see if there was any way of climbing down. There wasn’t.  She looked back over to where he was standing just to make sure that the creep wasn’t trying to sneak up on her. He was still standing there, watching her with that smirk on his scary face.  However, he did appear to be getting restless, as if he was gearing himself up for an attack.  His free hand clenched then flared, clenched and flared, his other firmly holding the bloodied hilt of the machete. 
If she was right, and she really hoped that she wasn’t, then Ramon was on his way.  Lilia inhaled sharply; she would rather die than be taken prisoner, but she sure as hell wasn’t beaten yet.  She looked over at the adjacent building. It was too far away, even for her to jump the distance, but there wasn’t any other choice. Two sides of the roof faced the busy streets below and as the fire escape was being covered by him it left only this side.  Perhaps she could make a jump for the fire escape on the opposite side.  It certainly wasn’t as robust as the one she’d used earlier, but surely it could take her weight. If she made it that far.  She didn’t want to think about that, couldn’t, she needed to concentration on the jump at hand and if she was going to do it at all, she had to do it now.
Lilia slid her dagger back into the sheath in her leather trousers and made sure that it was secure, she didn’t want to impale herself with her own weapon if she landed awkwardly.  With one quick glance at the tooth sucking creep she jogged to the far side of the roof then pulled her knees up to her chest so that the leather wouldn’t restrict her movements.  
A bead of perspiration trickling down between her shoulder blades, its slow descent a teasing caress on her sensitive skin.  Her foot clawed at the roof and she smiled.  At least she had her end of the world boots on.  She ground both boots into the rough surface. It was all but perfect and as these boots were made for situations such as this, she couldn’t fail.
Bouncing from foot to foot like a boxer in the ring she inhaled a long, deep breath and let the adrenalin flooding her body ignite.  She took off like a sprinter off the blocks, her long, agile legs hardly making contact with the surface as she sped across the roof. 
She’d barely leapt across the divide when the wind was knocked from her sails. Pain like nothing she’d ever experience ripped through her right shoulder, and tore down her back like the lash of a whip.  
She hadn’t seen him move.  
Everything was running in slow motion, her legs kicking in to open space as she turned her head to see him.  She found it odd that his toothy grin had been replaced with what could only be described as a look of total shock and then she plunged through the air.  

Chapter 13
Louis! His name, just that one word was all she had time to scream before the air was pushed from her lungs. Her arms and legs thrashed wildly as she tried to grab a hold of anything to break her fall, but there was nothing to aid her. 	 	 
   Absurdly, she thought of how cross Louis would be when he found out that she’d lied to him and an uncontrollable sob tore through her at the thought of what might have been. Closing her eyes tight she braced herself for impact. 
Lilia! 
She gasped at the sound Louis’s voice and not only did she hear him, but sensed his presence in her mind, strong and powerful. However, he wasn’t his usual calm controlled self, but a vortex of chaos and rage. Despite this, his voice echoed through her mind like a warm caress, bringing her a modicum of peace in her last moments of life.
Her heart slammed against her chest as she hit the hard, unyielding surface. Mercifully there was no pain, but if her heart continued to beat so violently it would surely burst into a thousand pieces. It was weird this time between life and death, though, so weird, in fact, that she now thought her heart had split into two halves, both beating ferociously, yet at different rhythms. But surely, if she were dead her heart would have stopped by now?  And, why could she still feel the cool night air ruffling her hair.
Lilia tried to open her eyes, but there was something on her face, something hard yet surprisingly warm. The lack of pain didn’t stop her from imagining the worst. Whimpering she tentatively raised her head, opened her eyes and the breath rushing from her lungs for a second time as Louis’s stone cold expressionless face peered down at her. 
If it were at all possible her heart started to pound even harder when she realised that he was flying. Flying? Yes, flying, with her in his arms. She opened her mouth to speak, but the words were swept away in a gust of air so fierce that she barely caught the blurred image of Leon as he flew ahead.
Her stomach flipped as Louis picked up speed and all she could do was hold on. She’d always dreamt of flying and she certainly wasn’t going to let her fear or her chaotic thoughts spoil the illusion, because it had to be an illusion, right, some sort of after death euphoric delusion to help the dead come to terms with being dead. 
Lilia adjusted her head so that she could peep out, yet all she could make out was the blur of lights and then she was looking down at the roof she’d just fallen from. She twisted her head to see if her attacker was still there. The thought of him getting away infuriated her, but she needn’t have worried. Yes, he was still on the roof and she might add still holding that bloody big machete of his, only it wasn’t half as shinny as it had been. 
Leon was down there too, and, despite everything she had to admire the ease in which he took Toothy by the head, and with a flick of his fingers, twisted it until it faced the opposite direction, letting the limp body fall from his fingers like a discarded crumb.  
Lilia closed her eyes and when she opened them again the city lights where far below. She raised her head to look at Louis, but he refused to capture her gaze. In spite of his stern expression she couldn’t keep the smile from her face.
 Okay, he didn’t quite meet the criteria of a Vampire, but that didn’t mean he wasn’t one. After all he could fly, like vampires did, he could also read minds, another vampire trait, the problem was that unlike any vampire she’d read about, Louis could go out in the daylight hours. 
It mattered little that this knowledge had been gleaned from fiction novels and movies because the last twenty-four hours couldn’t have been more fantastical. She gasped as she realised that the principal factor of any vampire was the drinking of blood and if what she’d read was right then the act was supposed to be an extremely erotic experience. 
But surely, if Louis had taken her blood then the tell-tale signs would have been evident on her neck. She stirred, wanting to reach up to see if there were two small puncture wounds, only her arm felt like it was encased in lead, heavy and so very cold. Her arm fall back as she buried her face in the warm shelter of his chest.  The weird thing was that she kind of hoped that he had taken her blood, even if she had missed the whole erotic experience. 


Louis had been in the middle of a heated debate with Leon and dare he admit, failing miserably to justify leaving Lilia unprotected, again, when a searing pain tore through his right shoulder. He stilled, the colour draining from his face. He was incapable of feeling pain so it took him a moment to realise that it wasn’t his pain, but…
Louis!  Lilia’s voice resonated through his mind and body like a siren, piercing his soul and slamming his heart so forcibly against his chest that he thought it would break free. 
That one word, filled with such fear, nearly brought him to his knees. He merged his mind with hers and was instantly aware of all that had happened since he’d left her. In fact, he was so connected to her that he could actually feel the cold air against his face as she plummeted to the ground. 
A dark, unfathomable ache started in the region of his heart, then tore through him like a volcanic eruption. Lilia!  He breathed her name in his mind unable to voice it aloud, then turned to Leon. Their eyes locked and Leon was immediately informed of all that was happening. Neither of them spoke, there really was no need; they were so attuned that they simply vanished from the room.
Louis materialise ten feet from the alley floor and caught Lilia in his arms, pulled her small, trembling body into the haven of his chest, and held on like both their lives depended on it. He summoned every ounce of strength in order to dampen the fury which threatened to consume him. Never in all his long existence, had he experienced such profound rage and he certainly had no words to describe the heart wrenching pain in his chest. All these strange emotions tore through him with the force of a tornado, yet it had been the thought of losing her that had petrified him.
Rather than land, he took to the air, uncaring of what she would think.
He was furious with her for defying him yet more so with himself for allowing her the freedom to commit such an act of defiance. After all, he was at fault, not her, for it was his absence from duty that had allowed Ramon to escape, so there was no point in being angry with Lilia when the blame rested firmly on his shoulders. But, if that were the case, why was there such a profound sense of anger eating away at him like a living, breathing entity.
And what if she hadn’t called out to him in her moment of need? What if her assailant had killed her before she’d had a chance to call his name? What if he’d been a split second too late and she’d hit the cold unyielding ground? He shuddered at the thought. 
Louis breathed deeply in an effort to calm the spiralling emotions. He needed to think and not only of how he was going to guard her because he’d keep her under lock and key if need be, but how he was going to explain the things he’d done. It was looking more and more likely that he’d have to erase her memory after all, but the thought made his stomach churn. 
Merged with her, as he was, he couldn’t fail to be swept along with the whirlwind of confusion in her mind, but what surprised him was that mixed with chaos and fear was an overwhelming sense of excitement. Lilia was understandably frightened, but she wasn’t in the least bit afraid of flying through the air with him. In fact, she had the bizarre notion that he was a Vampire. 

Lilia raised a smiling face to him, but his expression was so stern the smile withered away, taking with it the sparkle from her eyes. She’d been so caught up in the wonder of it all, that she hadn’t realised he was angry with her. Seeking solace she laid her head against his chest, but his heart was thumping so forcefully that it reverberated through her. And, each deep, pounding beat relayed the rage within him.  She shuddered and strong arms tightened around her, but there was no comfort or reassurance just the embrace of cold hard steel. 
Despite the warmth of his body an icy chill had crept over her entire body. She snuggled in further and closed her eyes but when she tried to open them again she found that she was far too tired to do so. 
She stirred uncomfortably in his arms, her leather jacket, so cold and damp now, clung to her like a second skin and for the life of her she couldn’t remember how it had got wet. Then, it all came flooding back and the searing pain returned with a vengeance. It tore through her like the lash of a thousand whips and she jerked in his arms.
So merged was he that her pain hit him like a well-deserved slap to the face. He swore eloquently in some obscure language, disgusted with himself for not having remembered sooner that she’d been gravely injured before the fall. In fact, she’d lost so much blood she was slowly slipping away from him. 
Louis roared with rage and hopelessness, but he would not let her die, could not let her die, not now, and certainly not because of his damned incompetence. He tore her blood soaked jacket from her body and cast it into the night sky, uncaring of Lilia’s slight resistance. He knew he was tampering with her fate and the consequences of committing such an act, but he’d be damned if did and damned if he didn’t, so there was no point worrying. 
He adjusted her in his arms, filling her deathly cold body with warmth. One strong arm circled her waist, holding her to him in an unbreakable grip as his other hand traced the length of the vicious wound. He didn’t have time to repair it completely, but would seal it to prevent further blood loss until he reached his apartment. She flinched as he laid his palm against the top of the long deep cut and he cursed repeatedly. How could he have been so distracted that he hadn’t known she was in so much trouble?
“Shush now, I’ve got you. Everything is going to be alright,” Louis murmured softly in a voice filled with remorse. His palm slowly slid under her vest until he had sealed the entire wound, taking her pain within him as he went. She relaxed into him and he wrapped his arms around her and cradled her fragile body against his chest. He filled her with reassurance and dulled the memory of what had happen, not removed completely, but enough to help her relax.
Lilia opened her eyes at the sound of Louis’s voice; it didn’t sound like his usual strong, self-assured tone at all. She slowly raised her head so that she could look up at him and found his beautiful face etched with anxiety and her heart ached to sooth him. It was her stubbornness that had caused all this, she knew that. She couldn’t have just let things lie, no not her, she had to do everything her own way regardless of the danger. Why couldn’t she have done what he’d asked and stayed at home, then none of this would have happened. 
The pain melted away as his hand drifted over her back. She’d wanted to reassure him, but couldn’t muster the strength find the words so she simply buried her face in the shelter of his chest and closed her eyes.
 Louis slowed his descent as they approached his balcony, masking their presence so as not to alarm anyone in the neighbouring buildings, it wouldn’t help matters if someone saw him flying through the air with a semi-conscious woman in his arms. He landed soundly and with a mere thought the balcony doors opened allowing them to enter unhindered.
Lilia murmured something and Louis lowered his head to hers, letting his eyes drift over her beautiful face, memorising every detail from the thickness of her long lashes to the smattering of freckles on her perfect little nose. Her eyes were closed, yet there was still the trace of a frown across her brow. Without conscious thought his lips brushed a light caress across her forehead. She mumbled again and he pressed his lips against her skin, kissing her just the once. 
“I’ve got you,” he whispered as the rage within him stirred once more. But he meant it, there wasn’t a power on earth that could equal his and he was prepared to use every means available to keep her safe.
He strode along the hall to his private chambers, kicked open the door and practically flung her onto the bed as the door closed behind them. She roused a little and tried to push herself up onto her elbows, but didn’t resist when Louis eased her back down onto the bed. “Be still Lilia, and let me attend to your needs.” Despite trying to calm her there was a distinct coolness in his tone. 
Lilia held his dark gaze for a moment before he turned away.  She’d broken her promise, a thing she would never normally do, but she’d had no choice.  Her deep shuddering breath drew his attention; his eyes inspecting her face thoroughly for any signs of pain, but his expression remained cold and indifferent. Her chin began to tremble and she felt the sting of tears in her nose. 
“I’m sorry Louis.  I…” But before she could offer him an explanation he turned away. A huge sob rocked her as she fought the urge to cry. 
Louis’s gaze drifted back to hers and his anger subsided. She was close to tears and that little trembling chin was enough to make him want to wrap her in his arms and never let go. He reached for her hand and wrapped it in his, rubbing a light caress over the back as he held her gaze. “Sleep Lilia,” He issued the command without a second thought. 
 “But,” Lilia was about to protest when the wound on her back throbbed viciously and she closed her eyes against the pain, missing the look of surprise on Louis’s face. 
Louis inhaled deeply then released a long slow sigh. He really needed to heal her injuries and get her cleaned up and he couldn’t do that while she was so agitated.  “Lilia, look at me.” His hand snaked out and with gentle fingers, turned her face to him. 
Lilia slowly opened her eyes and held Louis’s gaze. “I can’t sleep here.” 
Louis couldn’t help smiling. Lilia was a professional killer and was as she’d pointed out on numerous occasions, more than capable of taking care of herself yet not so confident when she was out of her comfort zone and certainly not when dealing with the opposite sex. 
“Lilia, no harm shall come to you while you are resting. Trust me,” His voice as always was calm and soothing, filling her with the reassurance she so desperately needed, but it still wasn’t enough to take the look of anxiety from her face. Without further consideration he issued a second command to sleep, this time a little stronger.
Lilia smiled inwardly at Louis’s oath. The problem was that if she hadn’t been in such a state it would be him who needed protecting, from her. Why did he have to have such amazing eyes and why did they have the capacity to reach into her soul and make her feel like she belonged to him. Why she was thinking about such ridiculous things at a time like this was beyond her, but she couldn’t help it, he was just too scrumptious for words. 
It also didn’t help that the heat from his hand was making her feel warm all over and strangely enough more tired than she’d ever been in her entire life. She could barely keep her eyes open and when they finally fluttered to a close she simply drifted away on a sea of peace and tranquillity.
Finally! How she’d managed to fight his command to sleep was yet another mystery. His gaze drifted over her; if he was going to heal her, he would first have to remove her bloody clothes. 
Louis stood up sharply and strode in to the en-suite bathroom to an exuberantly large bathtub already full of warm water. He placed two bath towels over the sink and looked to see what else he might need. He’d never bathed anyone before and even in his wildest dreams he’d never envisioned bathing a young beautiful woman. But it was purely a means of cleansing Lilia’s body of blood and nothing intimate whatsoever yet if that were so, why did he have the strangest of sensations in the pit of his stomach. 
 Louis sat on a small stool next to the bath with Lilia cradled in his lap. He was uncertain how she would react when she learnt that he’d undressed and bathed her, but as her lush hair was matted with blood, as was her clothing, he really had no other choice. He cleared his mind of all temptation and concentrated solely on what needed to be done. 
He eased her boots off and laid them on the floor next to the bath and then stripped pink socks off of her icy cold feel. His hand tentatively rested on the button of her leather trousers before flipping it free and then slowly lowered the zip, not taking his gaze from her face. He’d sent her into a deep, impenetrable sleep where she would stay until he awakened her, but she was full of surprises and he didn’t want her to wake and find him undressing her like some kind of pervert. 
He tugged the sodden trousers off and cast them aside. Her legs were cold and damp, her creamy skin stained with blood. Louis carefully examined her legs to ensure there were no other injuries, then with a mere thought the blood sodden vest, panties and bra fell from her body onto the floor. 
His gaze drifted over the length of her naked body and there nestled against the underside of her breast was his card. Smiling, he gently peeled the blood stained card from her damp skin and placed it in his pocket.
Adjusted her in his arms he took a closer look at the vicious wound running from the tip of her shoulder to the top of her waist and although it was long and deep it was relatively neat. Adept finger traced the length of the wound, reopening it as he went. It was vital he remove any infection that may have formed before he went about repairing the wound completely. Fortunately it was clean so it was just a matter of repairing the damaged muscle tissue and sealing the wound meticulously, to ensure no scaring.   
All he had to do now was to replenish the blood that she had lost and all would be well. So without a moment’s hesitation or thorough consideration he placed the palm of his hand on her bare chest, just above her heart, closed his eyes and replaced her blood with his own. 
Perhaps if it had taken more than a momentary thought to replace her blood he may have had the time to consider the dire consequences of such an act, unfortunately it hadn’t. Oh, it had crossed his mind, if only briefly, that he was tampering with her fate, but as his actions had irrevocably altered Lilia’s life already there was no point in tormenting himself further. 
Louis lowered Lilia’s limp body into the warm water, resting her head on a thick towel so that she wouldn’t slip under then set about cleansing the blood from her pale skin. He inhaled the light vanilla fragrance as he lathered the soap in his hands then after a deep calming breath he placed one foam-covered hand tentatively on her bare shoulder. He marvelled at the exquisite softness of her skin, swirling his fingers in an absent foray as they glided over her shoulder and neck. 
His stomach muscles clenched and that uncomfortable ache that was becoming more and more familiar throbbed in his groin. He pulled away and closed his eyes, for he knew where such reactions lead and if he didn’t regain control he was in danger of losing himself completely. 
Louis’s hand snaked out to Lilia once more, yet this time he kept control of his rebellious thoughts and feelings and concentrated solely on cleansing the blood from her unbelievably beautiful, ultra-soft, satin smooth skin. He inhaled deeply; he was going to have to concentrate a little harder. 
Leaning over he gently pulled her limp body against him so that he could attend to her properly. Foam-covered hands swirled all over her back and neck, paying particular attention to the wound. Due to his powerful ministration it was barely noticeable now, and would undoubtedly disappear completely within an hour or two, but he couldn’t help running his fingers down it in a long slow caress. 
His hand splayed wide at her lower back, his fingers tracing the two round dimples, then swept up to her small waist, whirling there for a moment before slowly drifting up her rib cage. Louis froze as the tips of his fingers brushed the underside of her breast and the breath left his lungs in a single draft. He pulled his hand away from the enticement of her velvet soft skin, needing a few deep breaths to calm his growing awareness. It was becoming more and more difficult to resist temptation. And, after he’d assured her that she was safe in his care, here he was, practically molesting her in her sleep. He swore eloquently under his breath, disgusted by his lack of control.
Clearing his mind of all distraction he took the shower head and proceeded to rinse the matted blood from her hair. He looked around the bathroom for something that would suffice for shampoo, as neither he nor Leon had need of such things. Finding nothing he fashioned a concoction of his own. He mixed a combination of apple blossom which reminded him of Lilia’s complexion and wild strawberries to compliment her wild spirit. He poured the lotion into the well of his hand and raised it to his nose inhaling the fragrance, then, pleased with the results, he set about massaging it into the long wet strands of hair. 
When every trace of blood was washed from her body he simply removed the water with a thought and replaced it with clean warm water. Again, he lathered his hands with soap and repeated the process so that she would awaken feeling clean and fresh. 
Louis stood up and rubbed the stiffness from the back of his neck as his gaze drifted slowly over Lilia. It was amazing how stunningly beautiful she was, her slender figure perfect in every way, from her little delicate feet to the abundance of nut-brown hair floating on the water like a halo. 
He turned away quickly and took a towel from the sink before sitting back down on the stool, then placing the towel over his lap he leaned forward and scooped Lilia out of the water and onto his lap. He enveloped her in the towel and wrapped another around her hair and then stood with her in his arms and carried her back to his bed. 
Louis dried her body methodically, yet her hair was far too damp to attempt towel drying it so with a caress of his hand it became dry and thoroughly combed. He weaved his fingers through the rich tendrils rubbing a strand between his fingers as he raised it to his face and inhaled deeply. The light fragrance he’d created mixed with Lilia’s own scent was a heady combination that was hard to resist, but resist he did, letting the lock of hair fall through his finger. 
Despite being able to fashion clothing with his mind, he went to his wardrobe to see if there was something of his that she could wear. He’d promised that she’d be unharmed and apart from a few minor lapses of control, she had been, but he still didn’t want her to wake up naked in his bed and jump to the wrong conclusions. 
Louis pulled a crisp white shirt from the rail and held it out in front of him. It was too large, but it would have to do until he could get some of her things. Keeping his gaze from the allure of her body he slipped his arm under her shoulders and raised her so that he could put the shirt around her. His fingers lingered over each button, savouring her petal soft skin. He took a deep shuddering breath desperately trying to dampen the flames that had once again taken hold of him and laid her back down onto the bed and then covered her with a sheet. 
Louis’s nostrils flared as he sensed Leon’s return yet he was eager to hear what news he had. 
Lilia also needed as much rest as she could get and he needed time to figure out what he was actually going to tell her. He leaned forward and gently pushed a wayward strand of hair from her face as his thumb brushed a light caress across mouth. He straighten swiftly, inhaling a long deep breath then turned and left the room.


Chapter 14

A fierce wind tore across the roof, emitting black tendrils that swirled murderously in search of something, anything, to vent its hatred and rage. The dark strands merged together creating an ominous black cloud that slowly solidified and there stood Ramon. He was so consumed with fury that it took him a second or two before he could move and even then it was only his cold, black eyes. He scanned the rooftop searching for Lilia, but found only the body of his dead minion.
A violent shudder ripped through him like a jolt of electricity, his body jerked and convulsed before he threw back his head and roared into the night sky. The sound so ferocious it was hard to believe it came from a man, but then it would be dismissive of one to think of him as a man. 
His face contorted in a hideous snarl as he gradually straightened his head then stretched it from side to side rigidly as his fists clenched and unclenched. If he didn’t release some of the pent up anger, that was a living, breathing entity within him, he was likely to explode. He dragged the cold night air deep within him in an attempt to cool the flames threatening to consume him, but try as he might he couldn’t dampen them enough to suppress a second roar.  
Ramon cursed the hunters under his breath. They’d taken so long to find him that he thought he’d given them the slip. Then, they had to go and show up last night spoiling his long thought-out plans to capture Lilia. 
Taking a long deep breath he strode across the roof toward the body of Arnold his worthless follower. A number of contingency plans had been put in place in case something went wrong at his apartment, but this outcome had not featured in any of his plans. Not that he was surprised, for Lilia was so very good at what she did. And, he should know.  
Truth be told, he knew everything about her; family, friends, where she lived, where she liked to eat and most certainly the techniques she used to obtained information. That’s how he’d known where she’d be and, although he’d known both Clint and Burgman personally, it never once crossed his mind to warn them of her plans.
 But due to recent events he’d thought it best to let one of his people snatch her this time, as the hunters were no doubt following Lilia in the hopes of capturing him. Even his newly acquired cloaking shield would be of no use, as he’d have to drop it in order to seize her and then they’d be on him.  
Ramon stared down at Arnold’s lifeless body with a snarl on his face, more annoyed with himself that Lilia had escaped than with the dead fool at his feet. He kicked the corpse several times in frustration. He’d given him strict instructions to take Lilia as soon as she arrived in the alley, so why he’d allowed her to make it to the roof was beyond him. 
Ramon pushed the body over onto its back with the heel of his boot, yet Arnold’s head remained face down. His gaze drifted over the body, taking in the deep slash across his chest, the wound carrying through to the soft underside of his arm and although he had lost a great deal of blood it was the breaking of his neck that had killed him.
He bent down and clasped Arnold’s head in both hands and turned it to face him. An intriguing frown crossed Ramon’s brow. He knew Lilia was a proficient killer, yet it never occurred to him that she was strong enough to break someone’s neck with such force.	
A deep growl rumbled in his throat. No, it couldn’t possibly have been Lilia. Closing his eyes to block out all distractions he scanned the roof for a trace that Louis or one of the other hunters had aided her, but the search was futile. The only vibration of power in the atmosphere was from him. Perhaps if he could control his rage he might be able to detect their presence, but there was little chance of that. 
A slow ominous hiss escaped as his teeth snapped together. Although he couldn’t detect Louis’s presence there was no doubt in his mind that she’d had assistance and if it wasn’t Louis it had to Leon. Ramon knew very little about Leon apart from the fact that he was Louis’s confidant, but he didn’t know his strengths or regretfully, his weaknesses. 
Not like he did Louis’s.
Ramon’s gaze searched the rooftop and neighbouring building once more before he knelt down beside the cold lifeless body of his pitiful follower. Arnold’s blackened soul had left his body and was at this very moment drifting toward the oily black tornado that would carry his soul to the gates of Hell, but there was still time to retrieve it. And, while Ramon’s powers were immense the thought of wasting even a molecule of it to bring back such an incompetent fool as Arnold, disgusted him. 
Ramon placed his palm against Arnold’s chest, his lip curling as power flowed from him into the lifeless corpse. Receiving no response he slammed his clenched fist down hard, hitting Arnold with such force his breast plate snapped in two. Baring his teeth he gripped Arnold’s chest with a clawed hand and blasted another jolt of energy into him, smiling triumphantly when he felt the first unnatural beat against his fingers. 
Wrapping Arnold’s tie around his fist Ramon pulled him up into a sitting position. 
Arnold’s eyes flickered open, the disdain in his master’s face making him wish he hadn’t. “Ramon!” Arnold’s voice was hoarse, thick with death and fear. He tried to push himself up further, but Ramon held him still. 
Ramon suppressed a snarl and made a conscious effort to control his rage. If he didn’t he was likely to send Arnold to Hell before he had the answers he sought. “Where is she?” Ramon asked calmly yet there was no denying the menace in his tone.
“She… she fell,” Arnold stuttered pointing toward the edge of the roof where Lilia had fallen.
Ramon’s eyes turned flat and black and this time he was unable to suppress the ferocious snarl from curling his lips back. He pushed Arnold back down and stood, his eyes bored into Arnold’s face with such hatred that two thin wisps of smoke trailed from Arnold’s eyes, but Ramon didn’t want him dead again just yet. 
He stormed over to the edge of the roof to where Arnold had indicated and peered down to the alley far below. It was dark down there, but Ramon had spent an eternity in a cold, dark place with no doors or window, with only the sound of his own unnatural heartbeat to keep him company so it wasn’t a problem for him to see through the darkness to the empty alley floor.
She couldn’t possibly have fallen from such a height and lived and if she were dead her ravaged body would be there for all to see. His eyes searched up and down the length of the passageway just in case the little minx was hiding on a ledge or veranda. 
Ramon smiled proudly. Lilia would never have fallen; she was far too good at what she did to die like this. More than likely she had climbed down somehow and escaped him yet again. Rather than being maddened by her resourcefulness he found that he admired her more than ever. She was so like him; a cold, merciless killer with a heart of stone and a soul that would soon be as black as his own. The relentless ache in his groin throbbed just thinking about her.
He turned back, feeling a sense of relief now that he knew she hadn’t fallen to her death, when something caught his eye. Crouching down near the edge of the roof, he reached out and swept his fingers through the dark wet substance, rubbing his thumb across the tips of his fingers as he brought them to his nose and drew a long, deep breath. Everything in him stilled. The blood was Lilia’s. His eyes searched the roof for more and was horrified to see that not only was there a pool of it on the roof, but a spray down the side of the building.
A strange unfamiliar sensation engulfed him and he suddenly felt the contents of his stomach take flight, burning his throat and leaving a revolting taste on his tongue. He dragged an unsteady breath into his lungs as rage swirled through him like a malevolent storm. It started in his toes then spiralled higher and higher until his head was thrown back and he roared, the sound so raw with pain and rage that it split the atmosphere. 
Arnold had managed to prop himself up onto his elbows so he could see what Ramon was doing, but it was hard for him to follow what was happening with his head dangling down his back the way it was, so it wasn’t surprising that he didn’t quite catch Ramon’s return. One moment he’d been standing close to the edge of the roof the next he was looming over him with the ice-cold look of death etched into his face.
Ramon leaned forward and grasped Arnold’s head between his large powerful hands and pulled it back so that he was facing him. His face was completely devoid of expression yet his eyes had turned completely black, holding Arnold’s gaze with a ferocious glare as he invaded his mind to find out for himself exactly what had happened to Lilia.
Arnold’s mind was a frenzy of abstract images, colliding together in a whirlwind of black and red. Visions of Lilia swept in and out of focus, but not long enough for Ramon to establish precisely what had happened. He needed to reassure Arnold, calm his mind, instil in him a false sense of gratitude that would ease his chaotic thoughts long enough for him to get a true picture of how Lilia’s precious blood came to be spilt so carelessly.
A low warning growl rumbled deep in Ramon’s throat as he saw Arnold shy away from Lilia in the alleyway. He couldn’t understand why the spineless fool hadn’t captured her there like he was supposed to instead of waiting until she had reached the roof. But before he had time to analyse Arnold’s reasoning further the image of Lilia pulling her dagger on Arnold swept through his mind. What he saw next was enough to make him grip Arnold’s head so tightly that his eyes began to bulge from their sockets. 
He’d given Arnold strict instructions to capture Lilia and bring her to his lair unharmed; there had been no mention of attacking her with a machete if she wouldn’t cooperate. 
Ramon wanted to kill Arnold all over again, then he saw her running across the roof and a he couldn’t help but smile. She was as agile and confident as ever, her determination to evade capture was truly admirable. Ramon’s smile deepened with pride. Her prowess and sheer strength of mind was exhilarating and he felt his body tighten in anticipation of their union.
Only, no sooner had she started to leap across the divide did Arnold appeared behind her, there was a flash of metal, a look of absolute disbelief and then she fell.  
The breath froze in his lungs at the sight of Lilia falling, sheer terror etched into her beautiful face. Hell’s most prolific fury consumed him and he roared like a wounded animal.
His cold, flat, black eyes returned to Arnold and without further thought began to crush his head between his hands. Arnold bucked and squirmed as he tried to free himself from Ramon’s deathly grip, but it did him no good. Hate contorted Ramon’s face as he applied more pressure to the already cracking skull.  
He knew what awaited Arnold, knew where his dark soul was going and what excruciating torments awaited him, because he’d been there, he’d endured those very torments. Yet he felt no compassion, for Arnold had slain the only woman Ramon had ever truly desired. 
Arnold coughed and spluttered as blood gushed from his mouth, his jaw buckling under the pressure, the sound of cracking bones bringing a vicious smile to Ramon’s face. Arnold’s bulging eyes locked on Ramon, pleading for a mercy that would never come. A violent spasm raised him from the ground, then the life left his body for a second time as his head imploded. 
Ramon flicked Arnold’s slack jaw from side to side with his thumb then thrust his mangled head to the floor in disgust. He stood, looked at his blood stained hands and then kicked Arnold’s corpse so hard it flew across the roof and landed in a dishevelled heap close to the roof edge. 
He made his way back to where Lilia had fallen and peered down into the darkened alley. There was no way she could have escaped the fall with such a brutal wound, but if that were the case, then where was her body? She hadn’t been caught on anything protruding from the building and there hadn’t been a commotion in the streets below to indicate that her fall had been witnessed, so where the hell was she?
A glimmer of hope flickered in his mind at the thought of her escaping death and he started to search the length of the alley with his preternatural vision, looking for any sign of her. She couldn’t have just vanished into thin air so she was either hiding or had dragged her ravaged body into the shadows out of view. And, although the thought was preposterous Ramon couldn’t help clinging to the hope that Lilia was still alive. 
He slowly walked the length of the roof, checking to see if there were any ledges that she could have held on to, anywhere she may have hidden, but found nothing to indicate that an injured woman, bleeding profusely, had been there. He continued to walk the perimeter of the roof in the hope that he would find some trace of her, but there was nothing. 
It was comparatively quiet on the roof as he stood looking down at the bustling streets below; even the noise from the high volume of traffic didn’t really disturb the serenity this high up, the unmistakable roar of Lilia’s Hayabusa, did though.  
He scanned the street below looking for her, but even with his preternatural vision he still could not see her from where he was. He stood motionless and closed his eyes to shut out all distractions and let his acute hearing direct him. His eyes flew open as he turned sharply and dashed across the roof to the opposite side and peered down into alley below. He could hear the engine revving yet still could not see her. 
He was just about to descend when he froze; there she was, his Lilia, as resilient as ever, making her way out of the alley on her black Huyabusa. It suddenly dawned on him that this was the first time in his long, dark existence that he’d ever given a damn if someone lived or died. He laughed at his ever-growing weakness for her.
Something wasn’t right, though, she looked different somehow, much broader and considerably larger, yet there was no mistaking her bike, he would recognise it anywhere. A deep, troubled frown crossed his brow as the smile slipped from his face and a growl rumbled deep in his throat. No, not Lilia. 
He jerked violently as the bike sped out of the alley. Not only had the hunters foiled his earlier attempt to acquire Lilia, but now it appeared that they had taken her. He closed his eyes and dragged a long deep shuddering breath into his lungs. He needed to think, to consider his next move carefully and he couldn’t do that while he was in such a state. His body convulsed once again, his hands clenching into two tight fists. A long, deep growl emanate from within as he fought for control. 
Ramon was the epitome of evil, but he wasn’t a careless, deranged maniac. In fact he was quite the strategist when it came to warfare, so it was only a matter of time before he’d outsmart the over confident, somewhat delusional hunters and get Lilia back.
But what if they’d taken her because they were aware of the things she’d done, the murders she’d committed? What if they were going to kill her and send her straight to hell? Louis had a much darker side than the other hunters and if he had the slightest inkling, of what she meant to him he might kill her just to spite him. 
He inhaled a deep calming breath. Never had he experienced such profound hatred, not even when Louis had administered such agonising punishments and, he might add, with such vigorous intent, had he ever truly hated him. As far as he was concerned, Louis had a job to do and he could personally vouch that there wasn’t another with Louis’s expertise. 
This, though, was different, for Louis had no authority on earth and he certainly couldn’t interfere with the fate of a mortal as he had done with Lilia. Contempt twisted his mouth. Using a human as bait was something he would do, not the revered Louis.
Ramon let the cold night air drift across his heated skin while considering his options. If he challenged Louis, he would come, there was no doubt about that, the problem was that Leon would, too. And, even though he was enraged enough to give Louis a run for his money, he would be foolish to think that he could defeat two hunters on his own. No, he would wait, bide his time. If they didn’t kill her they would eventually have to let her go and then she would be his. 
He swore eloquently in a language only the hunters would understand. Heaven help them if they harmed her. Heaven help them all. His body shimmered into razor sharp, black obsidian fragments that swirled together violently before dispersing into an ominous black mist that hovered for a moment before drifting off into the night sky. 

Chapter 15

Leon was just finishing his second glass of water when Louis strode into the kitchen, noisily dragged a chair from under the table and slumped down onto it. Judging by the amount of blood on his shirt it was obvious that Lilia had been injured quite badly.
Louis lowered his head into his hands and raked clawed fingers through his mane of hair, Lilia’s scent filling his head. He pulled back and stared down at his shirt, only just noticing that it was covered in her precious blood. His heart began to pound as the image of her falling from the roof filled his mind. 
It didn’t take much to reignite his fury, but he couldn’t afford to lose control again. Lilia needed him now, more than ever, needed to know that in this living nightmare she could rely on him to protect her. He dispelled the image from his mind as he tore the blood stained shirt from his body and cast it aside, his gaze coming to rest on Leon. 
Leon released a small inaudible sigh. Anger and frustration radiated from Louis in tangible waves and, despite wanting to offer him his support he thought it best to let him regain some semblance of control before he asked what they were going to do with Lilia.
Leon walked up behind him, placed a reassuring hand on his shoulder and at the same time cleansed the blood stains from his chest then clothed him in a white cotton t-shirt. He then pulled another chair from under the table, swirled it around and straddled it, forearms resting on the back as he waited for Louis to begin.	
Louis was grateful for Leon’s presence at this precarious time and more than pleased that he wasn’t behaving in his usual flippant manner. Stiff fingers rubbed the tension from his forehead and when he looked back at Leon he was once again his usual calm controlled self.
Leon smiled and gave an unequivocal nod of allegiance. Although he knew that the consequences of interfering with Lilia’s fate could be disastrous he would stand by Louis whatever the outcome. All-the-same he couldn’t promise not to rile him over his total lack of control at every given opportunity, but even he wasn’t foolish enough to aggravate him in his current state.
“How is she?” Leon asked with genuine concern. 
“The wound was severe and there was much blood loss, but she’s healed now and will be up in a little while,” Louis replied matter-of-factly as if tampering with Lilia’s fate was a trivial matter and of no great importance, although deep-down, he knew what he had done and that the consequences could be catastrophic, not only for him, but for her as well. Yet he knew, without a doubt, that should he have had time to consider his actions he would still have made the same decision. 
Leon smiled and gave a slight shake of his head at the casualness of Louis’s response. Louis never broke the rules; bent them all out of shape, perhaps, but never something as controversial as this. By rights Lilia should be dead and would have been if Louis hadn’t of saved her and although he understood Louis’s need to protect her he couldn’t help wondering what ramifications such an act of defiance would bring. He shrugged inwardly; it was too late to worry about it now.
“What news from Rodriguez; has he unravelled Ramon’s shield yet and if not, why not?” Louis asked needing something to distract him, but by the look on Leon’s face the news wasn’t good.
Leon sniffed. “No, not yet, but he’s gone to see if Claxus has knowledge of it.” 
“Claxus,” Louis snorted. 
“Claxus is a master when it comes to such things and knowing Ramon he’s used every dark spell at his disposal to produce a shield of such magnitude.”
Louis’s lip curled into a snarl. “So we’re relying on a sorcerer to help us bring down Ramon’s shield.” He shook his head. “It was probably Claxus who made the damned thing.”
Leon shrugged. “If that’s the case, Rodriguez won’t have much trouble getting him to unravel it then.” Rodriguez wasn’t known for his patience and if Claxus was responsible then Rodriguez would get him to unravel the spell, using whatever means he deemed necessary.
Louis sighed, but made no further comment. Ramon’s cloaking shield was certainly an issues, but he could focus only on Lilia. His gaze drifted to Leon. He would think him irresponsible for not removing her memory and although Leon was right, he still could not bring himself to wipe his existence from her mind.
Leon understood Louis’s frustration, but they really needed to get back on track. Ramon had tried to capture Lilia twice already, and if they didn’t unravel his cloaking shield, who knew when the Machiavellian low life would try again? 
“Louis.” Leon’s tone was intended to distract Louis from his reverie, but his gaze rose for barely a moment before it drifted back to the table. “Louis!”
Louis looked up again, a scowl across his brow. “What?” 
Leon was unperturbed by the irritation in Louis’s tone. “What are you going to do about Lilia?” Although there was no condemnation in his tone there was no mistaking his frustration. 
The scowl slipped from Louis’s face. What was he going to do about Lilia? He didn’t honestly know, but fighting with Leon wasn’t going to solve anything.
 “Who did you send to Amsterdam?” He asked as way of distraction. If he could just keep his thoughts from Lilia, he might, just might, be able to function. 
 “Anton. He’s already at the airport waiting for the flight to land, so it won’t be long before we can verify if it’s Ramon, but I wouldn’t hold my breath,” Leon said pushing himself up from his seat, then went to the sink to refill his glass. 
“Have him check everyone, after what’s just happened, I’m not leaving anything to chance.” Louis still couldn’t understand why Ramon would leave it in the hands of another to capture Lilia, unless it had never been his intension to take her alive? A slight frown shadowed his brow. No, if he’d wanted her dead, he wouldn’t let someone else have the pleasure of killing her, when the taking of life was what he most enjoyed. 
“Ramon must have sensed our presence earlier, and that’s why he sent that imbecile to get her, but something must have gone wrong,” Louis replied thoughtfully. “Perhaps he underestimated her, thought she’d be easy prey, though it seems unlikely.”
“Maybe she put up too much of a fight and Ramon’s puppet was unable to control her. He may have been given orders to capture her, but if that failed... Who knows?” Leon replied with a small shrug of his shoulders. 
“I’m intrigued, though, as to why she was there, and more importantly, how Ramon knew she’d be there?” Leon pondered aloud. 
Louis knew why she’d been there, but that was of little consequence, now. What he really wanted to know, was why she had gone there when she’d promised that she would not leave her apartment? Why she had totally disregarded everything he’d said and blatantly lied to him?  And, why did it matter so much to him that she had?
Louis fought the urge to go and wake her. Demand she tell him her reason for such defiance, but as annoyed as he was, he still couldn’t find it in him to do so. She’d been through a terrifying ordeal and barely escaped with her life, she didn’t need him questioning her so vehemently when she was hurt and understandably confused. And, she would be confused, how could she not; it wasn’t an everyday occurrence to be plucked from the jaws of death to then fly across the night sky in the arms of a man she barely knew. No wonder she thought he was a vampire.
Louis looked up to find Leon watching him. “I can assure you that as soon as she is rested I will have the answers I seek, but that is the least of our worries.” He didn’t want to dwell on it any longer and he certainly didn’t want Leon to sense what had been unleashed in him. For it wasn’t merely grief he felt when he thought he’d lost her, it was a dark unimaginable force, so profound it rivalled Hells most prolific fury.  
He took a calming breath not wanting to ignite the smouldering embers of rage when he’d only just managed to dampen the flames enough to hold a coherent thought.  What he needed now was a plausible explanation, for not only had he blatantly disregarded the cardinal rule, never to interfere with the fate of a human, but he’d also let her witness his powers by flying off with her while she was fully conscious. 
Louis leaned his head back as he raked his hand through his hair then rubbed the nape of his neck in an attempt to loosen the tension. He straightened up and turned to look at Leon. “What are your thoughts, and don’t bother suggesting that we remove her memory because that isn’t an option.” 
Leon shook his head. Louis didn’t seem in the least concerned that he’d irrevocably changed Lilia life, or for that matter, the consequences of such an act. 
What was it about this woman that she could reduce Louis, a revered hunter with a fearsome reputation and a demeanour that often rode the edge of indifferent, into this indecisive, somewhat bemused fool before him? 
Then, there was Ramon, the epitome of evil who’d plagued the earth since the beginning of time, responsible for such heinous acts that he was, as it were, Hell’s most wanted. So why he would risk detection and recapture for the sake of this young human woman was intriguing to say the least.
“What’s wrong now?” 
“I’ll tell you what’s wrong,” Leon replied, unperturbed by Louis’s fierce glare. “How is it that this woman has both you and Ramon captivated?”
“Captivated,” Louis huffed.
“Yes captivated, enthralled, whatever you want to call it, and it isn’t only you she has that effect on, it’s Ramon too.” 
“I fail to see how my need to protect Lilia could possibly be misconstrued as being captivated. I’m responsible for Ramon’s escape and the crimes he’s committed since, but if I can save Lilia from the despicable death Ramon would inflict upon her, then it will go a long way to ease the guilt eating away at me.” Louis’s voice gave no indication of the turmoil he felt inside. 
Captivated? He, one of the most omnipotent beings on the planet being captivated by a woman was absurd, yet as ridiculous as it seemed he couldn’t help feeling that Leon had hit the nail on the head. Never had he felt so at ease in another’s company and certainly never with a woman. A humourless laugh echoed through his mind. He didn’t know why he felt that way about Lilia, after all, she wasn’t the easiest person to be around. She was extremely tenacious and her self-confidence often bordered on arrogance and he didn’t even want to think about her integrity. 
She was full of compassion, though, and her courage was astounding if not a little reckless, but it was so much more than mere admiration he felt. Lilia had awoken feelings in him that he had long since forgotten, if in fact, he’d ever known them at all. Compassion, joy, affection, yet not all of these strange new emotions were as pleasant; his protectiveness toward her verged on the possessive side, but he could handle that, it was the burning desire he felt whenever he touched her that made him restless. 
Perhaps Leon was right; after all she did distract him in ways that no one ever had. The sound of Leon’s exaggerated breath brought his attention back to the here and now and he slowly raised his head to fix his cold, dark gaze on him.
Leon huffed. He’d been watching Louis and knew without having to ask, that his mind was on Lilia and not on the dire situation they both found themselves in. “Do you think you could stay focused?” Leon said, holding Louis’s glower with one of his own. 
Only, Louis couldn’t focus on anything but Lilia. It was abhorrent for him to lie to her and even if he could think of something that would explain away the impossible, Lilia was nobody’s fool. He sighed heavily, shaking his head. His pathetic indecisiveness was really starting to annoy him. But it was looking more and more likely that he would need to remove her memory. 
Louis ignored the uncomfortable tightness his chest, because if removing her memory meant she could go on and lead a normal life, then he was prepared to do it, but only as a last resort. 
Leon was right, though, he did need to focus on finding Ramon. And, if what he’d said about Ramon being captivated, was true, then they could use that to their advantage. Whatever was decided, it would have to be done sooner rather than later because if his father found out what he’d done he’d be paying the price for all eternity. 

“Anton,” Leon said so that Louis could merge with him and shared the information being transmitted. 
Louis tuned out as soon as he heard what he needed to know. It was, as expected, a decoy. Ramon, the sneaky, underhanded bastard, had planted the information to give her a false sense of security. He knew she’d feel safer with him in Amsterdam, and that she’d go about her usual business without fear of him. And, he’d been right. 
Both thanked Anton for his help and assured him that they would call should the need arise yet both were reluctant to disclose any further details. Neither wanted it known that Louis had committed such a controversial act of defiance and even more condemning would be that he’d done so because of a woman. 
Leon leaned back in his chair. “So what do we do now?” 
“Until we can unravel his damned cloaking shield there isn’t much we can do.” But one thing for sure, was that Lilia could not leave the protection of his lair until Ramon had been recaptured. 




Chapter 16

It was a good thing he’d had the sense of mind to dress her in one of his shirts because the sight of her long, slender legs was enough to stop him in his tracks. He closed the bedroom door and glided toward the bed, and without taking his gaze from her face, snatched the fallen sheet from the floor and draped it over her. He was troubled enough without being distracted by those legs. She stirred as the cool cotton touched her skin, but she didn’t wake and wouldn’t until he allowed it. 
	  Louis placed a chair at the side of the bed and sat down, then shuffled further back. He didn’t want her to wake and find him looming over her while she was dressed in only his shirt, she might jump to the wrong conclusions and she’d been through enough without worrying about her honour. 
Lilia murmured something in her sleep and a small frown creased her brow, then slipped away to leave her face serene once more. Louis reached across and brushed a lock of hair from her face, caressing the silky strand before letting it slip through his fingers. She looked so peaceful, as if she didn’t have a care in the world and it annoyed him that he should be the one to bring her back to a world of torment and pain. 
A thought came unbidden, nevertheless, presented another option that he had not yet considered. What if he were to leave her asleep? He knew it was cowardly of him, but if he were to let her sleep until Ramon was back where he belonged, then he wouldn’t have to deceive her, he also wouldn’t have to see the look of fear in her eyes when she realised that he wasn’t altogether human.
He sniffed derisively at his lack of morals. He was here to get Ramon not take away Lilia’s freedom and certainly not her consciousness. No, he couldn’t do it, not to her, anyone else, but not her. Then, without conscious thought he leaned over and placed a feather light kiss on her brow, then straightened and issued the command to wake, because if he didn’t do it now he might not do it at all.
Lilia yawned contentedly, murmuring something inaudible as she turned on her side. She’d had horrible dreams, quite scary in fact, especially the one where Ramon’s buddy had tried to slice her in two with a machete. Then there was that terrifying fall. She hated those dreams where you would be falling then jump out of your skin just before you hit the bottom. Only in this particular dream she’d actually hit something so hard and unyielding she felt her heart exploded on impact. 
She shuddered and snuggled further into the pillow. The good thing about dreams was that they could change from nightmare to fantasy in an instant. One minute she was dead the next she was being whisked away in the arms of her saviour, Louis. She hugged the memory to her, wanting to go back to that strange, but ever so exciting dream where Louis held her protectively in his strong arms as he flew across the night sky. 
She loved dreams where you could climb or jump over anything, while running like the wind. It was a pity she couldn’t have conjure up her dream powers when she needed to escape from Ramon’s pal because she wouldn’t be so sore now if she had. A deep frown shadowed her brow at the weird notion and she tucked the sheet under her chin seeking comfort, only to find the movement aggravated the ache even more. Lilia dismissed the notion as ridiculous, it didn’t matter how realistic dreams seemed they were still only dreams. But, if that was the case, why was she sore in exactly the same place where the blade had sliced through her. 
Not liking the dark sense of foreboding, her hand snaked under the pillow in search of the cool reassurance of her 38, but the gun was nowhere to be found. 
She opened her eyes and was so surprised to find Louis sitting beside the bed that she banged the back of her head on the headboard, in fright. “Louis! You scared the shit out of me!” She admonished, clutching the sheet to her chest. 
Louis’s eyes widened, but he couldn’t help smiling. Her feistiness never ceased to amaze him and he had to admit that he was more than a little grateful because she was going to need it. The smile slipped from his face as he watched the various expressions flit across her face. Bewilderment first, then realisation followed by apprehension, resulting in one highly arched brow that quickly became a wide-eyed stare when the other brow caught up to the first. 
This was definitely going to be as bad, if not worse, than he had expected. How could he explain the impossible, never mind assure her that he would do everything in his power to keep her safe? An impossible task when he’d already failed her. 
He huffed inwardly. He wouldn’t be in this predicament if she’d been honest with him.  He took a deep, calming breath, dousing the embers before they could flicker to life. 
Lilia was held captive by the intensity of his cold gaze, her spine arcing as slithers of frost crept down her back in a slow caress. Dragging her gaze from his, she tried to remember what she could possibly have done to annoy him to such a degree. She’d taken care of business with no problems, it was only when the scary creep from the alley had shown up that things got a little crazy. She shuddered at the thought of his incessant chomping, never mind the size of his machete. 
The sneaky bastard had tried to kill her. 
Tentative fingers reached for her shoulder, stopping in their tracks as it all came flooding back. She had gone over the edge, literally, falling so fast that her frantic attempts to grasp something, anything, to break her fall, were futile. A sob stole her breath, she’d been so scared, terrified actually and then, like some mystical creature of the night, Louis had snatched her from death’s cold embrace and took to the sky with her in his arms. 
How fantastic was that? But in reality, she was in the bed of a man she evidently knew very little about. If in-fact, he was a man at all. 
Her stomach swirled, this was the most weird and wonderful thing that had ever happened to her. She stole a glance at Louis. Yes her fantasy man was still sitting there with that aggrieved look on his face. What was his problem? It was she who’d nearly fallen to her death, and why, if he’d bothered to save her, was he now looking at her like he wanted to kill her. 
Louis shook his head. He wanted to be angry with her, damn it, he was angry with her, but it had not been his intention to intimidate her. He needed to soothe her, reassure her that everything would be okay and that he was someone she could trust, not some fiendish creature of the night. 
“Don’t be afraid.”
“I am not,” she denied yet continued to hold the sheet against her like protective armour. 
Louis gave a small mirthless laugh at her response. At least she hadn’t lost her spirit, which was a good thing, because she was going to need it. “You could have fooled me.” 
 “What do you expect,” she said shaking her head. What did he expect her to do, crawl all over him with gratitude because he’d saved her life; well it wasn’t going to happen, not until he explained how he could fly, anyway. It was extremely ungrateful of her, but until she knew what was going on, she couldn’t afford to let her guard down. 
And, although she should have been afraid, she wasn’t, not of Louis anyway. Well, okay, slightly intimidated by what he had done, but who wouldn’t be. Her hand slipped under the sheet to find she wore nothing but a cotton shirt, and she meant nothing, no bra or panties, even her socks were gone. She eyed him suspiciously not liking the idea that she was practically naked, especially as she couldn’t remember what had happened since she arrived. 
Louis’s nostrils flared. “Relax.” There was no denying the resentment in his tone.
“You relax,” She snapped back. “Where are my clothes?” she scanned the room looking for her things, peeping over the side of the bed in case she’d left them on the floor, but they weren’t there either. She turned back to Louis. “Well.”
“Well what?”
“Where are my clothes?” 
She’d been awe struck when he’d rescued her, a susceptible state at the best of times, and mixed with a lethal dose of pure physical magnetism, was a potent combination she might not have been able to resist. 
“Lilia,” he said, reaching out to take her hand. “I give you my word that nothing untoward has happened.”	
  A small smile softened the edge of her mouth. “Sorry for snapping at you,” she said looking down at their entwined hands. “It’s just that this all so…” She sneaked a peek at him, but looked away when he tried to capture her gaze. She had so many questions. 
Louis thumb swirled a small caress on the back of her hand before he released it and sat up straight in his chair. “Your clothes were damaged beyond repair, but if you let me know what you need I will be gladly get it for you,” Louis said casually, not wanting to go into any great detail.
Lilia looked puzzled. Her jacket would probably have been ruined when what’s his face attacked her. She grimaced at the thought. Her hand drifted up to her shoulder, even though it wasn’t really hurting she was reluctant to assess the damage, she let her hand fall back onto her lap. 
“My jacket, yes, but what happened to the rest of my things?”
“I discarded them.”
“You did what?” She looked at him as if he’d just told her he was a child molester. 
She was trying to pick a fight so they wouldn’t have to discuss what had happened, but it wasn’t going to work this time. “Lilia, everything can be replaced, so please, stop fussing.”
“I’m not fussing.” She couldn’t believe it, her brand new leather hipsters with all the secret compartments specially designed to conceal her weapons had been thrown away when there wasn’t a bloody thing wrong with them. 
“Where are they? I want to see them!” She scooted to the far side of the bed, the sheet clenched in her fist, and then stood, wrapped the sheet around her like a sarong before turning back to Louis, her eyebrows raised in challenge.
Louis fought the urge to smile at her show of modesty, yet still had no intention of showing her the blood soaked trousers, so she could rant all she liked, it made no difference to him. “Why?” 
“Because I do, that’s why,” She snapped back. “There was nothing at all wrong with my pants, my jacket maybe, but not my pants.” She was getting all riled up, but it was more to do with what was coming than her trousers. She’d been deluding herself that she could accept all the strange things that had happened because Louis was, well gorgeous for one thing and charismatic, extremely protective and had she mentioned as sexy as hell. But the reality was that she was, God knows where, with a man who not only had immense psychic abilities, but also the power to fly and if he could fly heaven knows what else he could do. 
She sat back down on the bed with her back to Louis so that he couldn’t see the tears in her eyes. This whole thing was so beyond her understanding that she felt lost and unbelievably defenceless. 
Louis stood up, pushing his chair back noisily, then walked to the other side of the bed and sat down next to her. She kept her head down as she fidgeted with the folds of sheet, stopping only when he nudged her on the arm with his elbow, but she didn’t look up until he took her hand in his. 
“I will get you a new pair of trousers, a hundred new pairs if that will make you happy,” He said in that soothing tone of his. 
“I don’t want a new pair, I want my own,” she said as a single tear rolled down her flushed cheek. She knew she sounded childish, but that’s how she felt, like a frightened, vulnerable child who had no control over what was happening. 
Louis reached across her and gently brushed away the tear with the pad of his thumb then gently turned her face to his so she could read the truth in his eyes. “Your trousers were soaked with blood. I saw no reason to keep them, but had I known you’d be this upset, I would have.” 
Lilia’s chin began to tremble. “My blood?” she asked then burst into tears when he nodded his head. 
He wrapped his arm around her and held her close, letting her cry on his shoulder until she was ready to face the world again. When the tears finally subsided he tugged gently at the sheet she’d covered her face with and handed her a handkerchief. She took it from him and then blew her nose so forcefully he couldn’t help smiling.
Louis held out his hand out for the handkerchief she was about to tuck up her sleeve. “I’ll dispose of that for you.” She dropped the handkerchief onto his palm and he smiled wolfishly when it disappeared. He didn’t see the point in hiding things from her now, and even if it was a trivial show of power, it still got the desired effect, which was to make her smile.
“I think you should get back in bed until we find you something more appropriate to wear.” Before she could protest, he ushered her back into bed. 


Chapter 17

Lilia snuggled under the thick fleece blanket that Louis placed over her, tucking it along her sides and under her arms as she sat up against a multitude of pillows on his large bed. She wasn’t a submissive person by any stretch of the imagination, so why she was letting him take control was intriguing. 
She bit her lips together to stop herself from smiling when Louis sat back down in the chair. He had that serious, no nonsense expression on his face again, but she wasn’t intimidated by him in the least. On the contrary she found herself smiling at him and the more he remained solemn the bigger her smile became.
“It’s no good looking at me like that, Louis. I know you’re dying to tell me, so just spit it out. I am not going to die of fright,” she reassured with a warm, coaxing smile. She had her own ideas on the subject, but she wanted, no needed, him to trust her enough for him to tell her. 
Louis raised an expressive brow at her exuberant comments. “All in good time Lilia, all in good time.” He crossed his arms across his chest and leaned back in his seat, his dark gaze locking with hers. “But first, perhaps you wouldn’t mind explaining how you came to be on a rooftop when you should have been at home with your friend,” he asked calmly enough yet he couldn’t hide the reproach in his voice. 
Lilia’s brow arched and she coughed dryly. She couldn’t very well tell him her reason for being there. She gave another pitiful cough, “I need a drink.” And once again began to scramble from the bed, only Louis caught her by the arm, holding her with his hand and the sternness of his expression. 
Louis didn’t want her to think that she was a prisoner, although, as he could not allow her to leave, she was, for all intents and purposes, his prisoner. And, besides he wanted some sort of explanation as to why she’d lied to him. 
Lilia glared at him as she tried to shrug his hand off, but his grip never faltered. Her gaze fell to his hand, which was wrapped around her arm like a warm, silken manacle. 
 “Louis!” She said looking at him with a wide-eyed stare and tried again to shake his hand off of her. “Do you mind?” His domineering actions infuriated her beyond belief, but try as she might she couldn’t quell the burning flames in the pit of her stomach. He had such strong hands, and she couldn’t help wondering what they’d feel like gliding over her body. She pushed the thought away. Now wasn’t the time to be thinking of his hands on her naked body. Naked body, her wayward imagination was running wild again. 
“Not in the least,” He said, his hand remaining firmly on her arm. He hated forcing the issue, but he couldn’t let her leave, not now, when he finally had her under his care and protection. She could whine all she liked it would make no difference to him. 
Lilia glared at him. “If you don’t get off me…” She’d what, hurt him, not likely. Her own body had betrayed her in her hour of need, enjoying the firm dominant hand that was radiating so much heat she could feel the flames ignite. 
With one last ditched attempt at freedom she grasped his hand in hers and tried to pull it off of her, but it was a mistake to touch him. For starters, she couldn’t even budge a finger let alone his hand and now that she was touching him her treacherous body was becoming even more pliant. 
“You’re going to hurt yourself,” Louis said finally, his voice a blend of soothing calm and mild irritation.	 
She hated that, I am so calm tone he used on her when he thought she was behaving irrationally. “Get off me, then!”
“Be still, then,” He said in the same calm manner. He had to admire her spirit. She was what, nine-stone wet yet had the courage to tackle him, a man she knew had immense power and strength, but it would do her no good. 
“I can’t very well do anything else, can I?” She admonished with another jerk of her shoulder. He slowly removed his hand, but had the nerve to brush a wisp of hair from her flushed face. She was tempted to bite his fingers, but she refrained from doing so as a matter of principal. She wasn’t an animal, she was a highly intelligent woman. Perhaps highly was taking it a bit far, but she was intelligent enough to know that she couldn’t win against Louis, not in the physical sense anyway. She had to play along, and as soon as he let his guard down she’d be away.
“Can I have a drink of water please,” Lilia said as she pulled the fleece blanket back over her and sat with her lips in a perfect little pout, refusing to look at him. 	
Louis stood swiftly, turned and walked over to the door, grateful that she couldn’t see the smile on his face. He’d fetch her water and then they could talk. He opened the door and without a backward glance stepped out and closed the door behind him. 
Lilia waited a moment, then scrambled out of bed, letting the sheet fall to the floor, then crept over to the door. With one hand on the handle and the other splayed wide on the wall she pressed her ear to the door. 
The total lack of sound seemed unnatural. Gnawing on her bottom lip she turned to survey the room. Her gaze drifted over the drape covered windows and came to rest on the door in the corner, a door she hoped would offer some form of escape. Yes, he’d flown to her rescue and saved her from the most horrific death imaginable, but that didn’t mean he could keep her against her will. And, she was going to escape, especially as he was being so mean. 
The taste of blood spurred her on. Lapping the blood from her raw lip she scurried over to the other door and went through the same routine as before. The same eerier silence greeted her, then with nothing to lose she turned the handle and quietly pushed the door open. 
Lilia tutted when she found herself in the bathroom, a very plush bathroom with an enormous tub yet a bathroom nonetheless. She was just about to close the door and look for an alternative escape route when she noticed her boots standing to attention at the side of the bath. Taking another quick glance at the door Louis had left through, she stepped into the bathroom and closed the door behind her.
The marble floor made her feet tingle as she stood examining her beloved boots. They were damp, tacky even, but it was nothing that couldn’t be fixed. Having no socks made it difficult to get the boots on, but with a few good tugs she managed and now that she had her favourite boots on she was ready for anything. She gave a cursory glance around and spotted the waistband of her leather hipsters peeking out from the other side of the bath.
She took a deep breath in an attempt to calm her chaotic thoughts. The devious little shit had told her that they’d been damaged so badly that he’d thrown them away, but there they were. She suddenly found it hard to breathe. If there was nothing wrong with them why had he taken them off of her? Graphic images bombarded her mind, making her feel sick to the stomach. She took a deep shuddering breath and swallowed the whimper that was threatening to escape. 
Ignoring the stinging sensation in the back of her nose she reached for her trousers. But it was only as she raised them from the floor that she realised Louis hadn’t lied. They were completely soaked through with blood. Surely if she’d lost that much blood she’d be dead. Breathing heavily she let the trousers fall from her hands and reached for her vest. What took her breath away wasn’t the amount of blood transforming her white vest to red, but that it was almost sheared in two. 
Lilia dropped the vest and rushed to the bathroom mirror and dragged the shirt from her shoulder. She gasped then frowned as she leaned closer to the mirror just to make sure her eyes weren’t deceiving her. Turning she pulled the shirt over her head and held it against her chest as she peered over her shoulder. Apart from some bruising, there wasn’t so much as a scratch. 
Lilia couldn’t keep the smile from her face, she felt so relieved, not only that she wasn’t wounded, but that Louis hadn’t lied to her, nor had he committed the unthinkable. A wave of jubilation washed through her at the thought of what he had done. Not only had he stopped her from falling to her death, which was a miracle in itself, but he’d also healed her wound. Ashamed for thinking so badly of him, she made a conscious decision to stop being so short-tempered with him and do all she could to help him. She smiled back at herself in the mirror. And who knows what else could happen between them. Her smile widened, well a girl could dream, couldn’t she? 
Wanting to be back in bed before Louis returned, she hurried to the door, only just remembering to pull the shirt back over her head before she opened the door. She gasped when she saw Louis sitting on the bed, one perfectly sculptured brow raised in question. 
She bite down hard on her already sore lip to stop herself from smiling as she closed the door behind her. Clutching the sides of the shirt she walked back over to the bed. Heat began to rise up her body, leaving her face hot and flushed as she realised that Louis had already seen her naked. She reminded herself that he’d been tending her wounds, nothing more. Yet, despite having practically no experience of men, well not like that anyway, she hoped that she’d looked alluring and not like some cumbersome rag doll. 
“I needed the bathroom,” Lilia said in response to his raised brow.	
“And the boots?” 
Lilia looked down, pulling the shirt against her legs and raised one boot off the floor, turning it one way and then the other before lowering it. “My feet were cold,” she said capturing his gaze. 
Louis stood up and took her hand, giving it a slight tug until she let go of the shirt, then he enveloped her hand in his and effortlessly turned her around. “Were they?” He said and gently eased her back down onto the bed.
She knew she should have protested, after all, there was virtually nothing wrong with her and she certainly didn’t want him thinking that he could wrap her around his little finger, but she didn’t want to start another argument with him, especially as he was being so charming now. 
Louis made his way over to a set of drawers and pulled out the top draw then closed it and pulled another before finding what he was looking for. He turned to Lilia with a pair of thick woollen socks in his hand. 
Lilia smiled with delight when she saw them, but the smile slipped from her face when he sat back down in the chair next to the bed and proceeded to take hold of her booted foot. His gaze slowly drifted up to hers and he gave her a reassuring smile before sliding the boot off of her foot, placed it on the floor next to the bed, then proceeded to the other until she was once again barefoot. 
She dragged her gaze from his from fear of saying or doing something she might regret. Because, if he didn’t stop looking at her like that she was going to melt on the spot and she would, no doubt about it, she could already feel thousands of tiny flames ignite deep within her. 
Louis leaned forward, took hold of her bare foot and raised it to his lap. He knew exactly why the little minx had her boots on, though, to be fair, her feet were deathly cold. 
He sandwiched her small, snow white foot between his warm hands and gently rubbed some heat into it. His hand drifted up her calf because that too was cold to the touch, but he stopped at her faint gasp. “Relax Lilia, I am merely trying to warm you up, you’re chilled to the bone.” He gave her foot another warm caress before sliding the thick woollen sock in to place then lowered her foot back to the floor.
She looked up at him with wide eyes then looked away when he smiled. He took hold of her other foot and again began to warm it between his hands only this time he never ventured farther than her ankle. He couldn’t remember a time when he’d felt this comfortable in another’s presence or perhaps comfortable wasn’t the right word. He didn’t want to think about his reaction to Lilia or for that matter her reaction to him. At the moment he was quite content to just sit there with her little delicate foot between his hands. 
Louis was doing more than warm her up, he was setting her on fire. The cadence of his hypnotically soothing yet unbearably sensual voice didn’t help either. She ached to touch him, to run her fingers through the silky strands of his hair, but more so to have those sure hands caress more than her feet.
But she was nobody’s fool. Louis was, in her opinion, the epitome of masculine beauty, who no doubt had an entourage of feminine beauties at his beck and call. Not that she was plain, far from it, but the chances of him fancying her, a fiercely independent woman with homicidal tendencies was pretty slim. 
So were the emotions he’d stirred in her real or was he just manipulating her. Because she had to face it; a man with his immense power, a man who could fly for heaven’s sake, was more than capable of making her believe that she meant something to him. 
Louis slid on the other sock and gave her little toe a slight squeeze, but she still wouldn’t look at him. Instead of lowering her foot to the floor he bent forward and took her other foot and raised it to his lap. She captured his gaze then, and he smiled at the look of apprehension on her face. “Better?” 
“Yes, thanks,” Lilia said, her hands sliding the sides of her shirt under her legs as she waited for his next move. Her breath stilled when he stood up, cradling her feet in his hands; a frantic voice inside her head shouted for her to take a breath, but she could barely hear it over the pounding of her heart. He smiled before lowering her feet back onto the bed. She managed to drag an unsteady breath into her lungs, but made no further protest when he proceeded to ease her back against the abundance of pillows, covered her with the thick fleece blanket and then tucked it in along her sides, much in the way that she had done.
Now that she was tucked up safe and sound in his bed, he could relax a little. Lilia too, seemed more at ease, as if she’d finally resigned herself to his care. Taunting laughter drifted through his mind. Lilia was far from submissive, in fact, she was a feisty little minx when the mood took her, yet here she lay, as quiet as a mouse. He sat back down, his gaze narrowing on her but his smile never wavered. 


Chapter 18
Lilia held his gaze, intrigued by the smile on his all too handsome face. “Well this is all very cosy,” she said, tilting her head slightly to one side as she waited for him to say what was amusing him?
“Isn’t it just.” He shifting in his seat. “Perhaps now would be a good time to have that little chat.” 
He had to admire her feigned nonchalance, that little innocent look was good too, but he wasn’t about to let her worm her way out of it this time. She had some serious explaining to do, namely what the hell she thought she was doing leaving her apartment when she’d promised him that she wouldn’t.
Lilia’s tongue traced her suddenly dry lips. “Okay, you first.” 
“Uh un,” He murmured with a slight shake of his head.
“I haven’t really got anything to tell,” She said, her eyes sparkling. “Not like you.”
Louis’s brow arched. “Oh, but you do. Firstly though, if you wouldn’t mind, the suspense has been killing me,” he said with mock excitement, which to be honest, was beneath him, “why you decided to leave the protection of your home when you promised me that you wouldn’t?” His voice as always was calm and controlled yet there was no hiding his irritation. 
Despite his demeanour she couldn’t fail to notice the undercurrent of anger in his tone and was just about to come back at him with a snappy retort, but managed to hold it in check. After all, he had saved her life. 
“I had to pop out,” she sniffed, shrugging her shoulders.
“Pop out.” He huffed, raking his hand through his hair. “So you disregarded everything that I said.” 
Lilia scowled at the hostility in his tone, yet she had a sneaky feeling that he knew exactly what she’d been up to. But two could play that game. “No, of course I didn’t disregard everything you said, but there was something I had to do.” 
She held his fierce glower with one of her own. Oh he knew alright. Well she wasn’t going to tell him anything while he was looking at her like that. He could go and take a running jump. She bite her lip to stop a smile from forming. It was she who’d taken a running jump, off the roof and she who would have died if Louis hadn’t saved her. That sobered her up. 
“I asked if there was anything I could do for you.” 
Lilia huffed at the absurdity of his statement, but at least it confirmed that he didn’t know what she’d been up to. She stared at him. “Look, there was something that I had to do, okay, something that you couldn’t do for me. No big deal.” 
Louis inhaled deeply, his nostrils flaring to accommodate the air needed to cool his temper. “Do not think to tell me what I can or cannot do, Lilia. It is far too late for that.” 
She gave him a, don’t take that tone with me look, then heaved an exaggerated sigh. “Can we just drop it? Please.” 
“What an appropriate turn of phrase,” he said with feigned frivolity. “So, perhaps now would be as good a time as any to explain how you fell from a ten story building. Or, more to the point, what the hell you were doing up there.”
“That’s none of your business,” she retorted, yet despite her defiance she was unable to maintain eye contact. 
Louis’s brow rose into a perfect arch. “None of my business?” A deep frown curved his mouth as he nodded his head. “Nor is it my business to save the life of a reckless, idiotic fool who can’t keep a promise, but I did.” 
Lilia glared at him. “Who are you calling an idiotic fool? You arrogant…” His exaggerated huff stole the verbal assault from her mouth and she clamped her teeth together. 
“Tell me then, how would you describe someone with a disregard for their own safety? One who was warned repeatedly of the risks of leaving their apartment? One who declined the offer of assistance and went out and murdered two innocent men and nearly got themselves killed in the process.”
A wave of fury washed through her at the mention of innocent men. “Innocent! You call those two innocent!” She snarled, shaking her head in denial. “Only in a world as shitty as this could you call those two innocent.” She was absolutely livid, so it took her a moment to realise that he’d known about her little escapade all along.
“That may well be, but that still doesn’t give you the right to act as judge, jury and executioner!” 
She snorted. “Well if there weren’t so many bent judges I wouldn’t have to.” A childish response, but it was all she could muster.
Her head started to pound. It stood to reason that if Louis already knew about Clint and Burgman, then he must also have known about her long before she ever set foot in Ramon’s apartment. But why the pretence? Unless he and Ramon were in cahoots together and this was yet another trap. Fear didn’t turn her stomach, nor did it tighten the muscles in her chest until she couldn’t breathe, hurt did. 
Like a besotted fool she’d accepted everything he’d said without any real evidence because… because he was charismatic, extremely protective, and so very, very hot. His voice alone had the power to render her senseless. She stole a quick glance at him, her eyes narrow and full of accusation, but she looked away when his dark penetrating gaze tried to capture hers. 
How could she have been so stupid to think that he had any true feelings for her? She knew how and had suspected all along that he’d been manipulating her, making her believe they had some sort of chemistry between them in order to keep her sweet. But why bother going to all that trouble when he was powerful enough to take her by force if he so desired. She huffed, shaking her head in disgust, singing ‘What kind of fool am I?’ as she fought back the tears.
Louis had been looking forward to a heated confrontation, and it had little to do with her killing those men; nothing in fact. It was because she’d lied and not only lied, she’d broken her promise, which was inexcusable as far as he was concerned. But she looked so forlorn, so utterly dejected, that she’d stolen his thunder. It was as if she’d had all the fight knocked out of her and for the life of him he couldn’t understand why. After all, it was she who’d lied to him. 
Louis leaned forward and tried to take hold of her hand, but she pulled away from him, refusing to meet his gaze. “What’s wrong?” He asked with the slightest trace of unease in his tone. He much preferred her gutsy attitude, that he could deal with, but to see the warrior princess looking so crestfallen was more than he could bear. He tentatively placed his hand on her knee. “Lilia.”
Lilia looked up at him from under long lashes then swiftly looked away. She felt such a fool. Her own fault, but it didn’t make things any easier. She should have realised Louis wouldn’t be interested in the likes of her. What was she saying, she had realised that it was too good to be true, but she’d pushed all negative thoughts out of her head wanting the fairy tale to continue.
She swallowed the tears trickling down the back of her throat and hoped that her eyes wouldn’t betray her as she raised her head with more composure than she actually felt and captured his gaze. “It’s alright, you don’t have to pretend anymore. Just don’t treat me like a fool.” She was humiliated enough without him continuing the charade. 
His indignation evaporated as he looked at her with a mixture of puzzlement and concern. “Lilia I haven’t the slightest idea what you’re talking about. Okay, I haven’t been truthful about who I am, but I’m getting there.” He gave her knee a squeeze when she would have looked away. “And, although you have done many foolish things, I have never or would ever treat you like a fool.” He held her gaze so that she could read the truth in his eye. “Please tell me what has upset you so that I may rectify it immediately.” He’d never seen her in such a state and would willingly do everything in his power to see that intriguing little smile back on her face.
Lilia could hear the sincerity in his voice, could see it in his eyes, but she’d been fooled by that voice and those dark smouldering eyes before. Her chin began to tremble. 
Louis took her hand, his thumb brushing the back in a light caress. “Lilia I promised that I would not read your mind unless I thought you were in danger, but to be perfectly honest, if you don’t tell me what has upset you, then I am afraid I will have to break that promise.” He smiled in response to her wide-eyed stare.
She held his gaze, her chin held high in defiance. “How do I know you haven’t already?  I mean, let’s face it, you’ve been lying through your teeth from the beginning.” 
A slight frown shadowed his brow yet his warm smile remained intact. Okay he may have omitted certain aspect about himself, but he’d never lied to her. “Perhaps you could elaborate.” 
If he didn’t take that stupid confused look of his gorgeous face she was going to punch him. “Okay, for starters; you said you didn’t know anything about me until last night, right.”
“That is correct.”
“Then how did you know where I’d be tonight and what I was doing there?” 
“I didn’t.” 
“Oh don’t give me that, of course you knew.” 
Louis snorted. “As far as I was aware your plans were to stay home.” His chest rose as he drew a long, deep breath. “‘I promise I won’t go out. You have my word.’” He repeated her pledge verbatim. 
“So you can imagine how surprised I was when I received your call,” he said with feigned light-heartedness. Rage smouldered within him and he had to make a conscious effort to suppress any further talk of promises. Lilia was justifiably confused, perhaps even afraid, and he behaving belligerently would only make things worse.
 Lilia pulled her knees up and wrapped her arms around them, a deep frown creasing her brow. “I didn’t call. How could I? I don’t have your number.” What was the point of a business card with no number on it, anyway?	
If he had to explain every last detail he’d be there all night, although her puzzled expression did make him smile. “Not a telephone call.”
She pulled a face. “What then?” She asked, sounding a tad impatient. She really couldn’t hang about, as she still had the dreaded packing to do. She was flying home tomorrow and if he carried on being this evasive she’d have to leave before he got to the interesting bits, like how he could fly. 
“Perhaps I should explain.” 
“Perhaps you should,” Lilia replied, her brow raised in a perfect arch. 
With a shake of the head he took the blood stained card from his pocket. “The bearer of this card does not need a number, just a name,” he handed it to her.  “And, I’m eternally grateful that you had the fortitude to call out to me when you fell.” 
He couldn’t endure any longer if her soul had been lost, anyone else’s, but not hers. In the short time he’d known her, what was it, a day. He laughed inwardly at the absurdity of such a thing. Yet this fragile young woman had captivated him to such a degree that he couldn’t envisage being without her, however preposterous that may seem. An unfamiliar sensation washed through him leaving him feeling warm and content. “As soon as I merged my mind with yours I was instantly aware of all that had happened.”
Lilia reached out and took the card from him without breaking eye contact. She could spend an eternity floating in the depths of his eyes, especially when they were full of warmth as they were now. The timbre of his voice was also making her feel all hot inside, a reaction she didn’t want to dwell on while practically naked in his bed. 
With all that to contend with, she still had to hold a coherent thought. It was a relief though, that he hadn’t lied. Yet, she still had a sneaking suspicion that she’d done something to anger him and evidently it wasn’t the killing of Clint and Burgman. But she didn’t want to dwell on anything negative, she wanted to bath in the positive. Not only was Louis the hottest, most scrumptious man on the planet, he had some pretty awesome powers too. 
That annoying inner voice screamed at her to be rational, to stop behaving like a gullible fool; humans couldn’t read minds or heal wounds such as hers and they certainly couldn’t fly. So what was Louis if he wasn’t human?  She’d already dismissed the idea of him being a vampire on the grounds that he could go out in daylight. He also hadn’t tried to drink her blood, which in a way disappointed her on a number of levels. It wouldn’t even matter to her if he did turn out to be a vampire, because when he wasn’t behaving like an over protective grump, he was the most charismatic, awe inspiring man she had ever met. 
“That’s okay then,” she said cheerfully, content in the knowledge that Louis wasn’t in league with Ramon, but was in fact, a trustworthy superman who wanted nothing more than to protect little old her. The thought of him in a pair of blue tights brought a huge grin to her face and she had to bite her lip in order not to laugh. She was smiling so hard that her cheeks ached.
“I am relieved that you no longer believe me to be in collaboration with Ramon, but do not think for one moment that I have forgotten that you broke your promise to me.” 
The smile slid from Lilia’s face. Didn’t this guy ever let anything go?
Okay, she’d broken a promise, something she would never normally do, but she’d had no alternative. If she hadn’t taken care of them who knew what they might have put into action at that meeting. She was sorry for breaking her promise, she really was, but she wasn’t in the least bit sorry for killing Clint and Burgman.
“Look, I am really sorry that I lied to you, but it didn’t have a choice.” She gave a little tentative smile hoping that he would understand. He had to understand. Surely he’d been in similar situations with the likes of Ramon and knew that the longer those vile creatures were free the more devastation they caused. 
“Of course you had a choice,” Louis said in his familiar calm manner yet there was a trace of censure to his tone. 
“Oh, I suppose you’d rather I walked away, turned the other cheek, while those two paedophiles get away with God only knows what? Well it isn’t going to happen.” She held his gaze, unperturbed by the fierce look in his eyes.
His nostrils flared as he dragged a calming breath into his lungs.  “Your moral crusade isn’t the issue here, and well you know it. It is your deceitfulness and blatant disregard for your own safety that bothers me. Especially as there was no need for you to leave the protection of your home in the first place. I asked if there was anything I could do for you and you declined the offer of assistance.” He took another deep breath, his eyes dark and brooding as he held her gaze. “But it is your deceitfulness that I find most disheartening.” 
 And here was she, thinking he was pissed off at her for killing Clint and Burgman, but it wasn’t that at all. It was because she’d broken her promise, and, in doing so, had nearly got herself killed in the process. 
She reached across and laid her hand on top of his, her thumb brushing a tentative caress on the back of his hand. “Louis I’m really, really sorry that I lied to you, but let’s be reasonable, I went out to kill two men, not collect the dry cleaning.”
Louis turned his hand and weaved his fingers through hers. Every time she took a life her soul got that little bit darker, until eventually it would be as dark as the monsters she fought so vehemently to destroy. And, the thought that she would one day suffer the torments of hell was more than he could bear.
“Lilia it would have saved us both a lot of grief if you’d asked for my help. More importantly, I would willingly have destroyed them if it meant your soul suffered no further tarnish.” He held her gaze so that she knew he spoke the truth yet couldn’t help smiling at the look of wonder on her face.
“You’re serious, aren’t you?” Her voice was little more than a whisper. She squeezed his hand hoping to push away the tears of gratitude that were threatening to erupt. This man, this strong, powerful, extraordinary man, had not only saved her life, but was willing to kill for her in order to save her soul from damnation. She couldn’t believe that anyone could be that selfless and she was ashamed for ever having thought badly of him. 
She pushed the covers off of her and slid her legs out of bed then still holding his hand in hers she leaned over and kiss him on the cheek. “Thank you Louis. I know I haven’t shown you my appreciation, but thank you for saving me last night as well as tonight and all the times in between.” She kissed him again inhaling the alluring scent that was all Louis. She pulled away before she made a fool of herself and sent him a warm smile.
Louis released a long slow breath unaware until then that he had been holding it. The touch of Lilia’s lips against his skin had momentarily stopped his heart. Now it was beating so fiercely that the pounding rhythm was all he could hear. He had not been seeking gratitude, he merely wanted her to understand that he meant what he said. She was under his protection and therefore her wellbeing was of utmost importance to him and… 
He lost all train of thought as those velvet soft lips brushed his cheek once more, breathing him in as she did so. Molten lather lapped wickedly at his insides causing his stomach muscles to clench painfully. She pulled away and he had to rely on a lifetime of control to stop himself from pulling her into his arms and devouring her right then and there. He closed his eyes and dragged a long deep breath into his lungs hoping to dampen the flames that were threatening to consume him.
Lilia couldn’t fail to notice his reaction, and was more than a little tempted to see if his lips were as succulent as she thought they’d be, but she wasn’t going to throw caution to the wind. She released his hand in an attempt to break free of the enchantment she found herself immersed in and shuffled back against the pillows. 
She smiled at his rapt expression. Anyone would think that he’d never been kissed, that or nobody had ever bothered to thank him before. She nearly laughed when his gaze drifted up to hers then looked away shyly. So Louis was an exceptional man of many talents yet not so good with the ladies
“There’s no need for you to worry about my soul, Louis.” She said cheerfully, trying to break the uncomfortable silence, “Me and God have an understanding. I eliminate as many evil bastards as I can and He watches out for me while I’m working. And, seeing as it’s for the greater good and all that malarkey, my soul remains pure, so I still get my place in Heaven.” She had to smile as his brow rose. 
Not that she was a religious fanatic or anything, in fact she thought fanaticism and corruption had caused a great deal of indifference toward God. And, although she would never pledge her alliance to any of the major religious orders, she had a passionate belief in God.  
Louis still looked gobsmacked; perhaps with all his magical powers he knew better and she wasn’t going to Heaven after all. She dismissed the thought immediately. Of course she was going to Heaven. 
Louis didn’t know what to say. Lilia wasn’t being flippant, on the contrary, she truly did believed that God watched over her while she worked. And, she wasn’t deluded, nor was she scheming, like those twisted deviants who claimed that God had told them to do this deed or that, those who were merely trying to dupe the system with an insanity plea. Lilia truly believed, not only in God, but that her actions were in some way exempt from sin because she was making the world a better place. 
He could understand her logic to a certain degree, but now wasn’t the time to get into a serious debate on whether her actions were excused from sin or not. 

Chapter 19
Mischief teased the edge of her mouth as she adjusted the pillows behind her, and geared herself up to ask him the one question that had been tormenting her since she woke.
“Well, are you going to tell me what you are, or do I have to guess?” 
The smile slipped from her face at the trepidation in his eyes, and disappointment washed through her. She’d shared so much with him, let him in when she’d never let anyone in before. He knew she was a professional killer for God’s sake. And, she hadn’t revealed intimate things because she knew he could read her mind, she’d told him because it had felt safe to do so.
Her disappointment weighed heavily on his heart, a sensation he had no desire to become acquainted with. And, as he’d already broken so many rules, another wasn’t going to make much difference when he had to stand accountable. He just hoped that she’d be able to make a distinction between him, the man sat before her, and the one so greatly feared and reviled. 
The problem was that every account told, including most of the ancient scriptures had been twisted and turned, added to and omitted from. Though, to be fair, some were merely misinterpretations and although his was the greatest misconception of all, he was still apprehensive about revealing who he was. 
Lilia sighed shaking her head. “You’re not playing fair, Louis. You know all about me, all my little secrets, yet you’ve refused to answer every personal question I’ve asked. And, to be honest, I find your lack of trust in me both upsetting and offensive.” 
Louis raked his fingers through his hair. “I understand that you need a reason to trust me, it’s just...”
She huffed. “Do you really think I’d be here if I didn’t trust you? I’m in your bed, practically naked, of course I trust you. But I don’t know who you are. What you are.” Her gaze drifted away from his momentarily, suddenly feeling nervous of having the answers she sought.
“What do you think I am?”
She looked back and captured his troubled gaze. “Well, because of the flying, I thought you were a vampire,” she smiled at his raised brow. “but seeing as you don’t have fangs and haven’t bitten me.” Her gaze narrowed on him. “At least I hope you haven’t bitten me.” She blushed at the erotic thought, her hand instinctively rising to cove her exposed throat.
Despite feeling apprehensive about the imminent disclosure Louis couldn’t keep the wolfish smile from his face. “I have been tempted, I’ll admit.” 
Lilia inhaled deeply trying to dampen the flames that Louis’s teasing had ignited. She could be swept away so easily by him when he was in this playful mood and although she was sorely tempted to encourage him further she didn’t want to lose what little progress they’d made by letting him distract her. 
“So, you’re not a vampire.”
“No.”
“Shape-shifter?” The idea of him being a werewolf wasn’t so bad; all that wild animal passion and all. Heat pooled deep inside her and it would take more than that long, single draft of air to cool her. Her thoughts were getting far too kinky for her liking, and besides, could werewolves fly?
“No.”
“What else is there?” 
“You’d be surprised.”
“Louis!”
“Okay, but you probably won’t have heard the name anyway, and even by some remote chance you have come across the term Nephilim, it bears no resemblance to who we are.” He drew in a long, deep breath. “The term Nephilim and the tales associated with them were simply a means of deterring those who would seek such an unnatural unification with celestial beings.” He paused, watching the various expressions flit across her face, wanting to smile at the dumfounded look that lingered. He looked away when he saw the recognition in her eyes.
Lilia rubbed the dull ache from her brow with stiff fingers. She’d read snippets from the book of Enoch so she kind of knew who the Nephilim were. According to Enoch the Nephilim were a race of giants who had turned against humanity and in the end God destroyed them in the great flood, or something like that. She couldn’t really remember all the details, as she’d been more interested in who they were, rather than what they were alleged to have done. And if memory served her right, which it did, then the Nephilim were beings created from the union between angels and humans. 
Reaching out she laid her hand on his knee. “Louis.” She gave his knee a shake when he refused to look at her. “Louis,” she said more firmly, determined to get a response. He looked up and gave her a small smile as his hand covered hers. “Nephilim? As in the children born from the union between the sons of God and the daughters of man?” It wasn’t a question nor was it an accusation, she was merely trying to confirm what he’d said without him thinking that she was casting aspersions. 
He could have been a Gargoyle for all she cared, because Louis had not only turned her head, he’d stolen her heart and as he’d evidently risked a great deal to help her she really couldn’t help wanting him. She gasped inwardly, she could see why they’d needed such an unfavourable tale to discourage those poor women. Needing to stay focused she inhaled a deep breath, determined not to get carried away, because the fact still remained that Louis was way out of her league. But a girl could dream, couldn’t she, and she’d done more than dream of a man like Louis, she’d prayed for one. 
 “Am I right?” she said trying to keep her voice as light as possible, though she didn’t know why he looked so troubled. 
Louis avoided her enquiring gaze from fear of her seeing into his very soul and knowing exactly who he was. His thumb continually brushed a warm caress across the back of her hand and he wasn’t sure if it was him or her that he was trying to comfort, only that he needed the contact in order to continue. 
“Yes, but the part about us being giants causing mayhem, was nothing more than a tale.”
Despite distancing himself from the Nephilim he fully appreciated the need for such a brutal parable. For the daughters of man, primitive as they were then, had fallen for the sons of God angelic beauty and been beguiled by their very presence. So much so that in their ignorance they had given themselves freely to the mystical beings they thought were gods. The angels on the other hand could not claim such ignorance, and by taking the daughters of man as wives, had, knowingly or not, altered God’s plans. Therefore, in order to stop such illegitimate unions from happening again the angels involved were punished so severely that none would ever think to commit such an act of rebellion again.
But Lilia didn’t need to hear all of that, nor did she need to know about the whole misunderstanding that followed the fall of the angels. She was eagerly waiting for him to enlighten her, and although there were certain details he’d have to keep from her, for his sake as well as hers, he had to admit that he felt far more at ease now that he’d told her a little of who he was. 
   Lilia squealed so load that both their ears rang. “Oh Louis, an angel, that’s ten times better than being a vampire.” The joy in her voice was matched only by the wonder in her eyes, eyes so full of happiness that there was no denying the elation she felt. She pulled her legs up under the covers and wrapped her arms around them and leaned forward, eager to hear all he had to say.
   He smiled at the look of delight on Lilia’s face, but he had to set the record straight. He wasn’t an angel and he wasn’t human, he was a fusion of both. A far cry from the hideous beings Enoch had told of, and quite frankly, the biggest revelation in Heaven since God created earth. 
“Lilia, please try and not get too carried away,” he said with a slight shake of his head and mock reproach in his tone. He couldn’t blame her, though. Not only had he revealed the existence of a hybrid race, but in doing so, had also confirmed the existence of angels and in turn, God and Heaven. He tried not to think about the consequences of divulging such information and concentrated on the joy that knowledge had brought to her. 
“What I’m about to tell you is one of the most guarded secrets in the universe.” He couldn’t help smiling at the look of anticipation on her face.
Lilia’s hand shot to her jade cross and she twiddled it between her fingers. “Honest to God, Louis, I won’t breathe a word. I cross my heart and hope to die.” She made the sign of the cross over her heart and held his gaze. She hadn’t used that expression since she was a child, but oddly enough it seemed quite fitting and more importantly, she meant it.
Louis ignored the strange sensation in the pit of his stomach. God wasn’t listening to Lilia, nor had He heard her promise to keep such a secret safe. Because if He had heard her, then He already knew what Louis was about to do. And, if that was the case, he wouldn’t be sitting in his sleeping chamber with the personification of temptation itself, he would be before the Heavenly court trying to justify his actions, and failing miserably.
Louis pushed the daunting prospects aside. God was omnipotent yet the chance of Him taking notice of Lilia’s actions were virtually non-existent. He raised her hand to his mouth and gently kissed the back of it, smiling at the beguiled look on her face.
He was about to tell her something monumental, something of great importance, but she was finding it hard to breathe never mind concentrate. She slowly eased her hand from his and tucked it under her legs. There, that was better, she could breathe now that he wasn’t touching her, wasn’t kissing her with those incredibly warm, scrumptiously sensual lips.
‘Ummm.’ Warmth throbbed in the pit of her stomach at the thought of him kissing more than just her hand and suddenly her eyes were wide with shock. Oh God, please tell me I didn’t just moan out loud.
Her face flushed a bright crimson yet Louis’s remained completely expressionless, well apart from the whisper of a smile. Her eyes narrowed on him and the smile vanished. 
What was the point of her not letting him read her mind if she was going to give away her wanton thoughts by moaning like a… like a woman who wanted to do things she’d never dreamt of doing. But it wasn’t just his sexual allure that had ensnared her, it was the fact that he had reached inside her soul and wrapped himself so tightly around it that he now seemed a part of her. She couldn’t exactly remember when it had happened, although deep down she had recognised something in him at their very first encounter. 
Not reading her mind did have its advantages, for it was far more enjoyable to speculate on those intriguing blushes, not to mention that enticing little whimper which escaped when he’d kissed her hand. Immense control kept his reply leashed, for it wasn’t a mere moan that sought to answer her call.
Inhaling deeply, he thought of the times he’d taunted his father, criticized his lack of control, and here he was getting all worked up over an innocuous sound.  He wondered if she even realised what she’d done or the effect it was having on him. 
“Louis?”
“Yes.”
She laughed at the faraway look in his eyes. “You were telling me who you are.” She wanted to reassure him that nothing he could say would frighten her, but she felt it best to let him explain in his own time. The thing was if he didn’t hurry up she was going to have to go before he got started.	
  “I was.” His smile didn’t quite reached his eyes, but it was too late to back out now, and anyhow, he’d already divulged the rudimentary elements of who he was. His hand snaked out in search of comfort, slid under her knee and took her hand. 
  He wasn’t entirely sure if the gesturer was meant to reassure him or her, yet there was no denying the physical connection between them, nor the growing desire that stirred within him every time he touched her. His gaze drifted up and locked with hers as a rush of heat tore through him. 
Lilia tried to swallow the lump in her throat. It wasn’t that she was afraid of Louis or even the reaction she saw in him, it was her reaction that terrified her. Never had she felt as sexually aware of herself as a woman and truth be told, she was more than a little turned on by his reaction to her. She closed her eyes to stop herself from drowning in the depths of his dark gaze, releasing the breath she’d been holding since he took her hand.  
Louis leaned forward, drawing her breath deep within him yet somehow found the strength to resist. Taunting laughter echoed through his mind; so much for pushing temptation aside. Releasing her hand he sat up straight in his seat. 
She opened her eyes then turned away, fidgeted with a strand of hair before pushing it behind her ear. She needed to go, because if she didn’t, she wasn’t sure if she could control herself. Hell, it was only her inexperience that had stopped her from pulling him onto the bed with her. Heat flushed her cheeks at the thought, and she realised that if she didn’t go home now she was going to do something she may regret.
“Perhaps we could do this later.” She started to get up off the bed, groaning inwardly at the implication of what she’d said. 
She was still cringing when she realised that not only had she not moved, but couldn’t move. A deep frown creased her brow as she tried to lean forward, but it was like pushing against some sort of invisible barrier, a barrier so impenetrable that it seemed foolish to try to breach it. A wave of unease washed over her; had she been struck down by some strange and unexplained seizure?   
“Louis, I can’t…” Her gaze narrowed on him. It was all in the eyes; for no matter how expressionless his features were his eyes were like an open book to her. Guilt drifted across his deep ocean blue eyes like the dawn mist, only for a moment, but long enough for her to see.
She hadn’t mysteriously become paralysed, Louis was holding her still with some invisible force. She tried again to move forward as she glared at him, but it was no use. She couldn’t move forward or to either side, the only way she could move, was back. She all but snarled at him when his hand snaked toward her shoulder. “You dare.” 
Louis looked totally unperturbed as his hand fell back into his lap. “Where did you think you were going?” he asked with the slightest trace of a frown hovering over his brow and although his tone wasn’t condescending there was no denying the mocking male amusement in his voice.
Lilia’s face flushed with anger. Who the hell did he think he was holding her prisoner like that, dictating to her what she could or couldn’t do? And, not only did he have the audacity to use his power to restrict her movements, he had the cheek to look smug about it too. 
  She leaned back against the pillows and counted to ten in her head, smiling in the hopes that he would relinquish his hold on her. He smiled back at her and she lost it. Her face twisted into a grimace as she pressed forward, yet was once again held back by the invisible force.
She pulled back, glaring at him, but refused to lie back against the pillows. “I’ll give you ‘til the count of three to let me up.”
Louis’s dark penetrating gaze locked with hers. “And I will ask you again, where is it that you think you’re going?” 
There was something in his tone, something dark and seductive and so possessive that it reached inside her and rekindled the flames she’d barely managed to dampen. She dragged her gaze from his, scared that he would see the desire in her eyes, for how could he not when it seeped from every pore. “Home!”
“But it isn’t safe there,” he reiterated in a soothing, reassuring tone, as if trying to pacify an anxious child. His hand once again rose to her shoulder and hovered there for a moment giving her time to pull away.
She turned her head to look at his hand then looked up to capture his gaze. 
“It’s probably a lot safer than it is here.” She was losing herself. No, not losing, giving herself willingly and that’s what scared her. Her desire was so potent she couldn’t hope to restrain it and by the reaction she saw in him, he was finding it hard to resist as well.
His hand fell away from her as he leaned back in his seat, closed his eyes and raised his hands to his head, raking his fingers through his hair as he inhaled deeply. He too was losing control of his senses. But knowing that didn’t stop the flames from igniting whenever he touched her, listened to the timbre of her voice or was captivated by the look in her eyes. 
  Releasing a long slow sigh he gave one finale agitated rasp on his head, leaving his hair to fall in unkempt waves around his face. When he opened his eyes he was staring directly at her. 
“Did I not promise that you would be safe here or have you dismissed my promise as readily as you dismissed your own?” His dark eyes smouldered as he held her gaze. “You are safe here, Lilia, of that you can be assured.”   
“I’ve already apologised for breaking my promise, so stop going on about it. And anyway, I didn’t mean it like that.” She smiled in reaction to his raised brow, but she had no intention of telling him what she had meant. “I certainly wasn’t implying that you’re dodgy or anything, but we really need to get a few things straight here.”
She leaned forward and resisted scrambling off the bed when she found the restraint no longer in place. “I’m going home, and not because I’m being pig headed or throwing caution to the wind, but because I really do have to pack.” She wasn’t asking, she was telling, and he could take it or leave it.
Amusement danced in his eyes as he smiled and to her annoyance she found herself smiling back. “Don’t think you can get round me with a smile Louis, I am not that easy.” Which was a blatant lie, for not only could his smiles render her senseless, they also made her feel all warm and fuzzy inside. 
Inhaling deeply she cleared the ridiculous thoughts from her head. She was a highly skilled, cold-blooded assassin wasn’t she, not some besotted fool whose head could be turned with a well-timed smile, however hot it made her feel.


Chapter 20

Lilia groaned inwardly in frustration. What was she doing lying in his bed, a virtual prisoner, thinking about his ability to render her senseless when she needed to go? It wasn’t just a matter of wanting to go, she had to go. Her sister was getting married the day after tomorrow and if she didn’t catch the flight back to Liverpool she would be in big trouble. 
  “All joking aside, I really do need to go. My sister…” 
“Okay, but on one condition.” 
She’d give him conditions. But as there was no time to get into another confrontation she simply smiled, a smile so thin lipped her cheeks ached.	“And that is?”
“That once you have packed, and I do mean pack this time, you return here so that I am assured of your safety.” His tone broached no argument. She would agree to his terms or she would not go at all.  
“Okay,” she said yet had no intention of returning. She wasn’t being stubborn, well, maybe a little, to get him back for using his powers on her, but to be honest she didn’t see the point in coming back when she was flying home in the morning.
With the restraints no long in place she shuffled to the far side of the bed and stood. She tugged at the side of his shirt as she glanced over her shoulder at him. “Do you think I could borrow some clothes? A pair of sweatpants and T shirt will do”
She turned to face him. Why was he just sitting there with that little smile on his face? Did he really think she’d forgiven him for keeping her prisoner, virtually tied to his bed for, what was it, a month, a week, okay, five minutes, but he still shouldn’t have done it. “It doesn’t matter if they’re too big, I’ll roll them up.”
Lilia gasped as a pair of sweatpants, T-shirt and a thick sweat shirt materialised in his hand. And, more astonishing was that they were all in her size.
“Now get dressed before I change my mind,” he said with mock severity, handing her the garments.
She clutched the clothing in her arms and ran into the bathroom to dress, moments later she was back, fully dressed and ready to go. The only problem was, her boots were still damp.
“I know it’s a bit cheeky, but you couldn’t conjure me up a pair of trainers, could you? My boots are still wet.” She squealed with delight as they instantly appeared on her feet. “That’s a pretty awesome talent you’ve got there, maybe not quite up there with flying or healing, but it’s still a nifty trick. Must save you a fortune.” 
With the damp boots clutched in her arms she turned to Louis. “Right then, I’ll see you later.” She started for the door, stopping midway to glance over her shoulder at sound of Louis’s quiet laughter. 
“Did you really think that I was just going to let you walk out of here?” 
She scowled. “Why not? You said I could go as long as I came back, so what’s the problem?” She pulled a face at him unable to understand why he was being so problematic. After all he didn’t know she wasn’t planning on coming back, or did he? 
Louis was amazed how someone as beautiful as Lilia could pull such nasty faces. His smile vanished as he stood up and strode toward her like a hungry wolf. He stopped mere inches from her and leaned forward so that his mouth hovered close to her ear. It was easier if she believed that she was still in control, still able to make her own decisions, not that she was, but he saw no reason to enlighten her. Especially as he hadn’t decided whether or not he would allow her to travel back to England. 
His sudden movement startled her yet it was the look in his eyes that stole her breath away as he loped toward her, standing so close that she could feel the heat of his body. She raised her head to hold his gaze and her legs almost gave out as his lips brushed the side of her face.
Louis inhaled deeply, savouring the exquisite fragrance that was all Lilia. He took another draught and without conscious thought nuzzled her hair with his face. He took the boots from her and dropped them to the floor as his other arm wrapped around her waist and pulled her to him. 
Lilia gasped as he pulled her against him, so tight that it was hard to breathe or perhaps it was the look in his eyes that made it difficult to draw breath. The intensity of his eyes drew her in, consumed her and dare she admit, possessed her. Without conscious though she reached up and circled his neck with her arms, her gaze locked with his as she waited with bated breath for him to kiss her.
She inhaled a deep shuddering breath, then another, yet still couldn’t ease her sudden light-headedness. She tingled all over as if wisps of lightening lapped at her inside and out, more disorientating than unpleasant. Was she swooning? If not for the shame, she would have laughed at the ridiculous idea yet what other explanation was there. Her legs buckled as the prickly sensation crept down her limbs. 
“Louis?” 
Louis pulled her closer, bending his head to nuzzle her hair. “Hold tight,” he whispered against her ear.
It was hard to hold on when both hands had lost all feeling, yet she clung to Louis’s broad shoulders like a lifeline, her head against the cushion of his chest. Her eyes drifted to a close as a billion tiny butterflies took flight within her, each taking a tiny fragment of her with them as they took to the air. 
Lilia couldn’t remember if she’d ever fainted before or the exact reason for it now, other than he’d taken her in to his arms so passionately? Now she wasn’t an expert on fainting of that she would admit, but surely if she had fainted she would have lost the ability to reason?
Her frown deepened as she tried to fathom it out then decided to let it go. She had enough going on without pondering on how strange fainting was. At least the light-headedness had passed and she was starting to get the feeling back in her hands. Louis’s heart was still beating in her ear which was comforting if not a little loud. She stirred, adjusting her head so that her ear wasn’t resting on his pounding heart. 
Umm that’s better. 
Louis had never felt so content. Not that it would last, but while he had her wrapped in his arms he wanted to savour every moment. She snuggled against his chest seeking comfort and without conscious thought his arms tightened around her as he lowered his head to hers and nuzzled her hair. She’d been so very, very brave.
Her heart slammed against her chest, scattering those idiotic fainting notions to the wind as Louis’s lips brushed a light caress through her hair. She raised her head to capture his gaze and his endearing smile stole the breath from her lungs.
Taking a shuddering breath she took in, not only Louis’s alluring scent, but also the potent aroma of lilies. With another deep draft she turned her head to seek the source of the heady aroma, gasping when she found herself back at her apartment. She looked back at him, her face full of wonder and had to make a conscious effort to shut her mouth. 
Louis’s smile widened and amusement danced in his eyes. She’d asked to go home and here she was, but he had no intention of letting her stay any longer than necessary. For not only had Ramon’s skills grown considerably, his arrogance had too, and he wouldn’t put it passed the Machiavellian lowlife to try to breach his safeguards to get to Lilia. He knew his impatience would rile her, then again, what didn’t.
Reluctantly he released her and took a step back, his arms dropping to his sides. He’d rather have Lilia snuggled up against him, giving warmth as well as seeking it yet now wasn’t the time for such indulgences. 
“You have five minutes to collect your things,” he said and fixed her with a stern look. He had no intention of getting into another argument, if need be he’d simply take her back to his apartment. 
She pulled a face at him, “Five minutes?”
He raised his arm to time her on a non-existent watch. “Starting from now. Tick tock.” He said, shoeing her away with a flick of his fingers. 
She glared at him, biting her lip to stop it curling into a snarl, barely able to hold her retort in check. He could be very tenacious when he wanted to be and she certainly wasn’t going to waste one second of her precious five minutes telling him so. She would wait until she had all her things packed, then she would ask the arrogant finger flicking pig who he thought he was. She swiftly turned away from him and dashed to her bedroom missing the smug smile on Louis’s face.
Lilia had already stuffed most of her things in to her case, including her new Jimmy Choo’s yet held the Vera Wang dress she’d bought for the wedding in her hand. She seldom wore dresses and definitely not anything as ultra-feminine as this, but she’d wanted something extra special, something that would complement her tall, slender figure and this dress would do just that. Its figure skimming contours couldn’t have been more perfect if she’d had it especially made for her.
She snatched a suit carrier from the wardrobe, unzipped it and laid it on the bed and then slid the dress inside making sure it couldn’t slip from the hanger. 
Louis stood in the doorway watching Lilia as she collected her things. “Time to go.” 
“Don’t be rushing me Louis,” she said without taking her eyes from the suitcase. She was ticking off each item in her head so that she wouldn’t forget anything. A frown shadowed her brow as she tried to work out what was missing? Tutting she dashed to her bedside cabinet and took out her passport and tickets, then slid them into the inside pocket of her bag, checking once again that she had her credit card and enough cash for the airport. There was something else, something important, but for the life of her she couldn’t remember what. 
He closed the distance between them and she couldn’t help gasping as he took the carrier from her then wrapped his other arm around her waist and pulled her against him. She looked up to find him smiling down at her with a warm, though, far too sexy smile on his face.
“Got everything you need,” He asked in that same calm controlled manner yet there was something in his tone, in the intense look in his eyes that made her insides melt.
No, not quite. What she needed was for him lower his head. Or lift her up, yes lift her up. Oh she didn’t care either way, but what she really needed was for him to kiss her and then she’d have everything she needed. 
Without breaking eye contact her hand snaked out, clasped the case and dragged it toward her. She had a feeling she was going on another little trip and she certainly wasn’t leaving her case behind. 
His finger drifted down the length of her arm to her hand, then he took it from the handle and placed it securely around his waist, his gaze still locked with hers as he lowered his head to hers.  
“Ready?” 
Lilia dragged a deep, shuddering breath into her lungs. She didn’t have that strange swirling, weightlessness in her body that she’d had earlier yet she was still pretty nervous. It was that total loss of feeling, and not just of the senses, but the feeling of being swept into oblivion that was scary.
“I’ve forgotten something. Stop rushing me.” She tried to ease out of his embrace as she scanned the room looking for the forgotten item, but he never relinquished an inch.
“There is nothing that I cannot get for you Lilia, nothing at all.” 
He pulled her closer to his body as he took hold of her case with his other hand then lowered his head to hers once again. “Close your eyes if you’re afraid,” he said with mocking male amusement in his voice, then laughed at the look of outrage on her beautiful face. He knew that would rile her, but if that’s what it took to take her mind off the trip back then it was worth it. He wasn’t sure why he did it, but he found himself teasing her just to see the expressions on her face.
“I’m not afraid,” she denied. Being nervous of travelling in such an amazing, albeit mind blowing way, was understandable, but she wasn’t afraid, how could she be when Louis had her. 
Taking advantage of her show of bravado he tightened his grip on her and sent her a reassuring smile. “Let’s go then.” Her eyes squeezed shut as they vanished, the sound of Louis’s laughter lingering in the empty room. 


Chapter 21

Lilia couldn’t hide her disappointment when she found herself back in the confines of Louis’s bedroom. Placing her palms against the solid wall of his chest she pushed herself away from him, but he refused to relinquish his hold. “You’re not going to keep me locked in here all night are you?” She asked giving him sad puppy dog eyes.
Louis arched his brow, for that was exactly what he intended to do. She wasn’t a prisoner, but as he couldn’t allow her to leave, she was a captive of sorts. And then there was Leon, who no doubt had a multitude of awkward questions to ask. Most daunting were the questions Lilia would ask him in return. 
“After such an eventful evening I thought you’d like to rest for a while.” 
“Are you kidding? Sleep, when there’s so many things I want to ask.” She smiled wickedly at the apprehension in his eyes. “Besides, I’m absolutely starving.”
He slowly released her and let his arms drop to his sides. And, here he was foolishly thinking that she’d forgotten about asking him all those tricky, hard to explain questions that no one on this planet should have been given reason to ask. He should have realised that things were never that easy, especially were Lilia was concerned.
Her hand snaked out to capture his. “Don’t look so anxious, Louis,” she said weaving her fingers through his and gave them a little reassuring tug as she smiled up at him, her eyes radiating unconditional acceptance. 
Louis may not have wanted any association with the Nephilim, but for all intents and purposes, he was the son of an angel and if he thought that it was something to be ashamed of, he could think again. As far as she was concerned being the son of an angel with all those magical powers and heavenly good looks was absolutely amazing. Okay, he was only half angel, but what the hell.
Not for a moment did she allow herself to consider exactly what that meant, nor the possible repercussions of her knowing. She simply pushed all negative thoughts from her mind concentrating only on the positives.
“Nothing could shock me.” She laughed. “After what I’ve been through tonight I doubt I’ll ever be shocked again. Consider me unshakable.” She swung their hands playfully, still holding his gaze as she tried to reassure him that she spoke the truth. Then, one of those horrible unbidden thoughts invaded her mind. What if the reason he was reluctant to answer any personal questions was because he had a girlfriend or worse, a wife. 
She pulled her gaze from his to hide the hurt in her eyes. She knew she was being ridiculous and that she’d only known him for a day, but in that one day she had… what? She scolded herself for thinking such foolish thoughts, after all, she’d merely tripped not fallen and who could blame her for that small stumble. 
Who was she trying to kid, not her? Okay she’d only known him for little over twenty-four hours, but in that time she’d more than fallen for him, she was completely besotted with him and it had started long before she’d found out that he was the son of an angel. And, on the back of that thought came another far more disturbing notion; not only would Louis have a partner, but more than likely she’d be some sort of beautiful angel girl or something equally alluring. How could she ever hope to compete with such a woman?
Louis tilted his head to recapture her gaze. A moment ago she’d been coaxing him, offering her assurance, and he might add, with such sincerity that her acceptance of him had touched something in him that had long been forgotten. So why the sudden change? 
Now it was he, tugging at her hand. “Lilia.” His free hand rose and with gentle fingers turned her face until he could capture her gaze, then he lowered his hand back to his side. “Have I said or done something to upset you?” He spared a thought for the unfortunate human men who would never know what went on in a woman’s mind.  
How could she explain what was wrong without sounding desperate and anyway she couldn’t just ask him outright if he was involved with someone because that would make it blatantly obvious? 
“Tell me or I’ll be forced to break my promise.” He said it to tease her, to invoke a feisty response yet her wide-eyed look of shock gave him even more cause for concern. 
Immediately she conjured the image of a huge brick wall and behind it were all her ridiculous notions. She narrowed her gaze on him in warning. 
“It’s just that it must be awkward for the rest of the household with me staying here.” Even to her ears it sounded lame, but she didn’t have the nerve to ask him outright with whom he shared his life.  
He looked at her vaguely, “There is only Leon and I living here and if his presence disturbs you I will ask him to leave until it is safe for you to return home.”
“I don’t think his girlfriend will be too pleased about that,” she said jovially yet there was no amusement in her eyes, “or yours for that matter.” She’d decided on girlfriend, as girlfriend was definitely the lesser of the two evils.   
Her heart beat fiercely as she waited for him to confirm or deny that there was a woman in his life. All she had to do was keep up the blasé charade and try not to implode if he confirmed the existence of a lover. 
Louis studied her for a moment, not only her expression, but the timbre of her voice. He could count in minutes and hours the time he’d known her and yet he had all her little idiosyncrasies down to a tee. Yes, she was anxious, but it had little if nothing to do with the assumed intrusion. A faint frown dipped his brow. Where did the notion of girlfriends even come from? And, why would the presence of another female disturb her so? 
Surely his warrior princess wasn’t disgruntled over a non-existent girlfriend? Although, he had to admit, if only to himself, that he liked that she would react to another female’s presence in such a way.  
He found himself concentrating really hard not to reach out to her, especially as she looked so insecure and a little lost. He clasped his hands behind his back as he leaned forward and breathed her in. 
“Leon does not have a girlfriend.” Amusement danced in his eyes as her gaze narrowed on him. Teasing didn’t come natural to Louis, yet he found himself teasing her at every given opportunity. 
His closeness was distracting, mesmerising too, but she wouldn’t falter until she had the answers she sought and Leon not having a girlfriend wasn’t one of them, although she was sure Gill would find that snippet of information interesting.  
She drew a breath and closed her eyes, subconsciously trying to dispel the sensation of falling forward. It was little more than a blink really, but when she opened her eyes his sinfully handsome face was a scant few inches from hers. Her tongue slipped out to moisten her suddenly dry lips. 
“And nor do I.” He breathed the words, his focus on her mouth then let his gaze drift lazily over her face as he inhaled her scent, taking it within him so that her fragrance would be infused with his for all time. He eased back, resisting the urge to take her in his arms and do more than breathe her in, for he wanted to taste her, to trail his tongue over her skin to see if she tasted as good as he thought she would. 
With a deep, calming breath he straightened, inwardly admonishing his lack of control, which was increasingly unstable around Lilia. He also felt it was unfair of him to distract her like this, or was she distracting him? Whatever the case, it was not done intentionally in order to evade answering her questions. He owed her an explanation and would try his best to answer as many questions as he could without divulging too many secrets. Damn it, he’d said too much already so there seemed little point in worrying now. 
“So you can stop worrying, you won’t be disturbing anyone. Now, what would you like to eat?” he said as he turned away from her and started toward the door, glancing back over his shoulder when she didn’t reply.
You on toast. She pushed the image from her mind, especially as she’d only just got her breathing back under control. Her heart was slowing too, which was comforting considering a moment ago she thought it was going to explode out of her chest. The funny thing was that she wasn’t entirely sure whether it was because Louis had denied having a girlfriend or because he was no longer looking at her like he was going to devour her. Not that she’d mind if he did, in fact she wished he would.	
“Chinese?” She couldn’t believe she was asking for food when Louis was on the brink of telling her, but if she didn’t get something to eat soon she might have to eat Louis on toast after all.  
“You may have whatever you desire.” 
Lilia’s warm smile turned to one of pure temptation. “I’ll tell you what, you promise to take me flying again and I’ll try not to ask you too many tricky questions.” 
“Deal,” he said, holding out his hand.
Lilia took his hand without hesitation, her gaze locked with his. How intriguing that the stark possession in his eyes didn’t irritate the hell out of her when ordinarily it would. 
  “Let’s get you something to eat,” he said, leading her the door.
It wasn’t until Lilia stepped into the hall that she realised they weren’t alone. Louis gave her hand a reassuring squeeze as he all but pulled her along the hall into the living room where they found Leon holding two paper sacks in his arms. And, by the scrumptious aroma filling the room she would say those sacks were full of Chinese food. 
Louis ushered Lilia onto the couch then went to take the sacks from Leon. 
“The concierge brought these up,” Leon said passing the sacks to Louis, his gaze drifting to Lilia, then back to find the flicker of a snarl on Louis’s face. 
Louis turned to Lilia, the snarl no longer evident and smiled. He couldn’t blame her for being nervous for she must already have realised that Leon wasn’t human either. He gave a small reassuring nod of his head. Lilia glanced at Leon, who’d taken to leaning against the wall then she turned back to Louis and returned his smile yet it didn’t quite reach her eyes. She swallowed as he turned and walked out of the living room carrying the two sacks of food with him.
Lilia wasn’t scared of Leon, but after he’d dispatched the toothless terror on the roof with such calm composure, she couldn’t help feeling a little nervous. She fought the urge to call Louis when Leon pushed himself off the wall and made his way toward her, her breath stilling as he slumped down beside her. To her credit she managed a cheery smile yet couldn’t stop fidgeting with the seam of her sweatpants. 
How the hell had she ended up, who knows where, with two men she hardly knew? She huffed inwardly; they weren’t even men, but some sort of mythical hybrid. What she did know was that they were extremely powerful with talents that far exceeded anything she’d ever heard of, never mind witnessed, but could they be trusted? More precisely, could she trust Louis? 
She wanted to trust him, wanted to believe that he wasn’t lying to her, wasn’t making her feel things for him just to keep her sweet. And, what would be the point in deceiving her anyway, for Louis was undoubtedly powerful enough to get her to do anything he wanted, without having to pretend that he was doing so to protect her. Closing her eyes she tried to bring order to her chaotic thoughts. 
Leon turned in his seat to face her, his gaze drawn to the incessant movement of her fingers. He couldn’t help smiling when he noticed that she’d picked a small hole in the fabric of her sweatpants by merely scratching at it with her nail. Although judging by the length of her nails he shouldn’t have been surprised. He found it odd that she was nervous of him when evidently she was not of Louis. Maybe he hadn’t told her yet or perhaps he had and she just didn’t give a damn. If that were the case then she was proving to be a pretty remarkable woman. 
And, as Louis had no intention of allowing her to leave until they’d caught Ramon he thought he’d better introduce himself properly. He laughed derisively to himself when he considered how long it had taken them to find Ramon in the first place, only it would be different now, for they had in their possession the one thing that Ramon wanted. 
Lilia could feel the heat rising up her neck to flush her cheeks at Leon’s close scrutiny. It would help if he stopped staring at her, better still, if he got up and move away. Her gaze drifted in the direction Louis had taken. Where the hell had he got to? 
She stopped fidgeting with the seam of her pants when it suddenly dawned on her that Leon would also be able to read her mind and was probably doing so at this very moment. It was a good job she hadn’t been thinking of anything bad or more to the point, Louis. She blushed profusely; the trouble was, she wasn’t entirely sure what she had been thinking.
“Are you all right?” Leon asked, as her complexion had grown quite red and her body posture was almost rigid. For a fleeting moment he thought Ramon had tried to invade her mind again. He dismissed the notion, for as strong as Ramon was, he still couldn’t breach their shields and enter their lair. He was just about to summon Louis when she turned to him and gave a little sniff.
“I’m fine,” she said with more confidence than she actually felt. She’d expected to see that smirk on his face yet there was real concern in his eyes which made her feel bad for being curt with him. “Just a little on edge.” 
“That’s understandable,” Leon said in a voice so calm and full of warmth that it was like a soothing balm on her nerves, and then he offered her his hand. “Allow me to introduce myself properly.” He couldn’t help smiling as she tentatively took his hand. 
Lilia held her breath as he clasped her hand in his. She’d had every intention of giving him a firm shake, exaggerating it even, so that he wouldn’t think that she was weak, she needn’t have bothered, for it was like a tiny bird trying to shake the limb of a giant Oak tree. Louis was strong too, yet his touch was always so gentle. He could easily have forced her compliance earlier, but he had opted for the softer option and simply pinned her to his bed with nothing more than the slightest touch of his hand. Absurdly, she hugged the memory to her, that and the other times his domineering ways had infuriated yet inflamed her. 
“I’m Leon.”
Lilia smiled and casually slipped her hand from his. “I know, we met last night, remember?” She tilted her head to one side unsure whether he was being sincere or not.
“Yes,” he said and had the decency to look sheepish, “but I wasn’t aware that you knew my name. I would also like to take this opportunity to apologise for my boorish behaviour.”
Lilia looked at him thoughtfully, he wasn’t smirking, which was an improvement, he also sounded pretty sincere, but he also had a voice that could make you lose all train of thought. She smiled at him and decided to give him the benefit of the doubt.
“Don’t worry about it; we were all a bit edgy last night.” This time it was she who offered her hand to him. She didn’t really want to think about the incident on the roof with Toothy, but felt the need to express her gratitude to him for destroying the nasty, despicable creep. “And thanks for your help earlier,” she said demurely, sending him a tentative smile then released his hand.
“You’re welcome,” he replied, his gaze drifting from Lilia to Louis, who was now standing in the doorway with a huge tray in his hands. He smiled at the stern look on Louis’s face which immediately softened as Lilia turned and captured his gaze. 
Leon inhaled deeply as he eased himself off of the couch and stood as Louis came toward them. “Enjoy your meal Lilia, it smells delicious.” 
Lilia dragged her gaze from Louis and looked at Leon. “Aren’t you joining us?”
Leon was sorely tempted to accept just to see Louis’s reaction, especially as he was acting so affable.	
Louis bent down and placed the tray onto a low-level table which had instantly appeared before him, then straightened, his gaze locking with Leon’s as he sent him a feigned smile. “I take it you’ve unravelled Ramon’s shield?” 
 Leon sent Louis a sarcastic smirk before turning back to Lilia. “Unfortunately I have a pressing matter, but thank you so much for asking.” He turned and walked out of the room without further comment to Louis.
Lilia shook her head as she looked at the vast array of food before her. “Louis, there is more than enough for three,” she said as her gaze went from dish to dish. “What did you order?”
“Nothing, this is all for you.” 
“You’re kidding aren’t you, there’s enough here to feed the five thousand.” 
 Louis shook his head at her flippant comment and handed her a plate. “Eat up before it gets cold.”
She looked up at him with wide eyes. “Even I couldn’t eat all of that!”
“Just eat what you want, leave the rest.” 
Louis slumped down in the chair opposite her and watched as she scooped rice onto her plate and then proceeded to pick various pieces of meat and fish from the numerous plates. And he meant pick, for there wasn’t a single vegetable that made it to her plate. She sat back on the couch and gave him a cheeky smile before tucking into her meal. Perhaps she’d missed lunch, dinner too, whatever the case he was amazed that a woman as slender as Lilia could eat so much.



Chapter 22
Lilia popped the last prawn into her mouth and smiled at the look on Louis’s face. She leaned forward and placed her plate on the tray then sat back. “That was delicious.” Her tongue swept over her lips. “Thank you.”
“You’re welcome,” Louis replied and with a mere thought the left-over food, tray and table vanished.
Her eyes widened and it wasn’t because he’d used his powers to make everything disappear, it was because he’d got rid of all the lovely food. “You haven’t just thrown that away have you?” 
“No, it’s in the kitchen.” he lied. “I assumed you’d finished?” She had eaten most of the meat from the dishes and as it was evident that she disliked vegetables there was no point keeping the food she’d left. 
She had finished, but that didn’t mean she mightn’t have had a little pick later. “I have, I just hated to think that you’d thrown it all away, that’s all.”
“If you’d like me to bring it back, I shall,” he said with a slight shake of the head. Surely she wasn’t still hungry.
She eyed him suspiciously. “No thanks, I just…” Why was she discussing leftovers when there were far more interesting things to talk about? “So, are you sitting comfortably?” She smiled at him, pleased to see a flicker in his eyes when he realised what she meant.	
“Yes thank you.” The faintest of frowns shadowed his brow.
“Then we shall begin,” she teased, pulling her legs up onto the couch. “Don’t look so worried.” 
She scrunched up further and patted the seat beside her. “Come and sit here,” she said in a voice full of warmth, her gaze holding his as he slowly pushed himself from his seat and moved toward her. 
Louis sat down beside her, adjusting himself so he could maintain eye contact. He hoped the reassurance in her eyes would still be there when they’d finished. His hand reached out and shackled her ankle as if he were expecting her to run yet there was no pressure in his grip just a loose band of heat that was sure to leave his brand upon her. 
Why had that one small gesture stolen her breath away? Maybe it was the heat of his hand spreading up her leg to her thighs or perhaps it was that this immensely strong man with untold powers was holding on to her with the most gentle embrace that it made her heart ache to soothe him. 
  “I’m sorry Louis, I didn’t realise how difficult this must be for you. I just thought while there’s just the two of us…” 
She’d wanted to know all about him, needed to know if the truth be told and not just because he had angel blood, but because she needed him to trust her. But she could tell by the look of unease on his face that he wasn’t ready to reveal such secrets.
Her appeasing tone was a stark contradiction to the hurt in her eyes. She saw his reluctance to talk as a rejection of her, of his lack of trust in her and that wasn’t the case at all. His smile was meant to placate her yet the one she returned was far from soothing and altogether too alluring for words. 
It took all of his strength not to pull her into his arms and kissing that smile right off her face. He tried to regain some semblance of control, but it was hard when she had such satin smooth skin. He released her, but not before running his fingers in a light caress across her foot and then let his hand drop back on to his lap. He needed to get this over with before he lost himself completely.
With a deep calming breath he began, telling her how God’s angels had taken human women as wives, not because they were trying to insult God or ruin his plan, but because they had truly fallen, in love that is, with the daughters of man. And, although it caused a great deal of commotion in Heaven at the time, God refused to pass judgment on the innocent unborn children that such a union had produced. So, instead of destroying the children as was proposed by some of the Heavenly court, God decided that the women who’d taken the sons of God as husbands should be brought to Heaven, so that they could nurture their young, for neither they nor their unique children were allowed to remain on earth.
Louis smiled at her and the smile she returned was filled with such unconditional acceptance it humbled him.
“So, all the daughters of man,” she tutted, “all the women went to Heaven to raise their children with their angel husbands?”
“No, not quite,” he said, but didn’t elaborate further. “God created a realm in Heaven that provided everything that the women and children would need. The children, all male by the way, had the best of both worlds. They had the unconditional love of a biological mother to nurture them and they also had angels teaching them everything that they would ever need to know and then some. From as little as two years old we were taught about creation and the evolving universe, about the Earth and all its weird and wonderful life.” He smiled back at her, relieved that she was taking it all in her stride. 
Lilia sat patiently, her gaze locked with his, waiting for him to continue. “And,” she said, holding his gaze imploringly. 
“And?” He gave a slight shake of his head yet his smile never wavered. “Why don’t you tell me a little about you?”
A frown creased her brow. “There isn’t much to tell?” Why waste time talking about her when there was so much she wanted to know about him. “Anyway you’ve been inside my head, seen all there is to know, what’s the point?”
“The point is, that whilst I was in your head, as you so eloquently put it, I saw no reason for you to follow such a violent path. You were not abused or mistreated in any way and you certainly aren’t cold and merciless, which is usually the case in those of your profession. In fact, you had a very happy childhood, full of love and support from both parents and siblings. It also seems strange that a person with your compassionate nature should choose such a deadly profession.”
“I suppose you could say that it was my compassionate nature that got me into it in the first place.” She didn’t want to go into great detail about how it had all started or about the people she’d worked for because that was in the past and it had little to do with the work she chose to undertake now. If she could even call it work, for nothing gave her more satisfaction than killing those responsible for the systematic abuse of women and children, those incapable of defending themselves. 
“You see I’m not the kind of person to turn the other cheek. I can’t just pretend that people, women and children in particular, aren’t suffering because it doesn’t affect me personally. And believe me, there are a lot of people who are more than capable of helping to ease the suffering, but choose not to. Thankfully I am not one of them.” She didn’t feel guilty in the slightest for any of the men and women she’d killed; as far as she was concerned the world was a better place without them. 
Louis arched his left brow inquiringly, but she seemed reluctant to reveal any further details of why she’d chosen such a damning career and seeing as he’d promised not to read her mind he would have to wait until she was a little more forthcoming. What really disturbed him was the ramification of such acts on her soul. 
“Which is highly commendable and, if I might add, rather refreshing in a time of mass indifference. However, you do not seem to have considered the consequences of such acts upon your soul.”  
“Well that’s where you’re wrong,” she replied. “Of course I’ve considered the consequences, Louis. I am not stupid you know.” 
“Nobody said you were, tenacious, unpredictable even, but far from stupid.” He sent her a small, warm smile that she returned without hesitation.
“And anyway if God didn’t want me to do it He would have let me know by now,” she said with utmost confidence then gave a haughty little sniff. Her gaze was defiant yet her smile was pure mischief.  She rolled her eyes skyward at Louis’s raised brow.
Louis was lost for words for a moment. At first he thought she was being frivolous, so flippant was her comment, but the look in her eyes was far from jovial, it on the other hand was full of confidence with a faint trace of defiance, as if she was daring him to challenge her. He held her gaze waiting for her to retract what she’d said, hoping for her to dismiss her comment as inappropriate teasing, but she didn’t, she just cocked her perfectly sculptured eyebrow at him as her head tilted ever so slightly to one side.   
“And how exactly would He have done that?
She shrugged her shoulders. “During my prayers,” she answered resolutely, the small, provocative smile remaining.	
Louis stared at her. “During your prayers?” he asked with a trace of scepticism in his tone.
Her eyes narrowed on him as the smile slipped from her face. She didn’t like his tone nor did she like the way he was staring at her. “Yes, during my prayers,” she replied, “or perhaps while I am walking down the street, lying in the bath. Who cares?” She sent him a sardonic grin. “What matters is that God would have let me know one way or another, okay.” She didn’t have to explain herself to him. 
“You can’t honestly believe that it’s all right to murder those people because God hasn’t told you not to.” He shook his head. “Do you realise how ridiculous that sounds.”
Maybe it did sound ridiculous, but it was the truth. She honestly believed that God would have let her know one way or another if he wished her to stop. It wasn’t so much a sign as a feeling, and as she’d relied on those feelings throughout her life she wasn’t about to deny them now.
“It may sound ridiculous to you,” she shrugged her shoulders again. “But that’s how it is, that’s how it’s always been.” She tucked a loose tendril of hair behind her ear as she held his gaze. “And believe me; I’ve discussed far more outrageous things with Him than that,” she said, uncaring if her remark would rile him further. Perhaps it was the confounded expression on his face or maybe it had been his dismissive tone, either way he’d pissed her off and she’d be damned if she was going to back-down now, especially as she’d been so considerate and accepting of his revelation.
Regardless of the fact that she was trying to provoke him with her flippant comments Louis found himself smiling at her haughty expression. She stared at him pointedly and he fought the urge to laugh, for although her reasoning was outlandish and incredibly naïve she honestly believed it to be true. It was beyond him why he felt the need to tease her when she was in this feisty mood, but he couldn’t resist. He bit down hard on the inside of his lip in order to leash the grin that was trying to break free yet he couldn’t keep the amusement from his eyes.
“Discuss, as in converse with another?” 
She pulled a face, but her irritation was already on the wane. And, although it annoyed her that he could wrap her around his little finger with a mere smile, a certain look, the fact of the matter was, he could. “Okay, perhaps discuss was the wrong term to use, seeing as there usually needs to be at least one other person to reciprocate, but you know what I mean.” 
“No Lilia, I haven’t the slightest idea what you mean and if you will excuse my bluntness I think you’re being deliberately vague.” 
“I’m not, honest, it’s just that it’s a bit, you know, awkward, especially with you being...” She looked away from him and stared to fidget with the seam of her sweat pants again. 
Louis reached over and took hold of her hand before she could pick another hole in the fabric then encased her hand in his, giving it a little squeeze until she looked back at him. “Lilia the sooner you answer my question the sooner you can have the answers you seek.” 
“Okay, okay, but you have to understand that I am not being disrespectful when I speak of God. It’s just that I’ve always talked to Him like this, always been able to ask Him anything, discuss anything and never felt that any subject was taboo.
She smiled at him impishly. “And yes, I even discussed killing the scum of the earth with Him.” She bit down hard on her lips to stop herself from laughing at the disgruntled look on Louis’s face. 
He didn’t say anything for a moment, too dumbfounded perhaps to reply. If she was serious and he knew without further question that she was, then he could be in far more trouble than he’d first anticipated. But how could this be? God didn’t converse with humans in such a way and even if He did He certainly wouldn’t condone killing. 
Louis eyes narrowed on her. The little minx was trying not to laugh and for a fleeting moment he hoped that she’d been fooling around. 
Lilia waited for some sort of response, but Louis appeared to be lost for words. Not sure if that was a good thing or not she to pushed ahead with her own questions. “So tell me, what’s it like in Heaven?” she asked, hoping to draw Louis from his reverie. 
It did, yet not in the way that she had intended.
“Lilia you cannot declare something as outrageous as this and not expect to have to elaborate further,” Louis said calmly yet the look in his eyes gave away his uneasiness.
A heavy frown creased her brow as she tried to pull her hand from his, but he wouldn’t relinquish his hold. She tugged again. “You’re hurting me,” she lied.
“I’m not,” he said yet released her immediately. 
Lilia rolled her eyes. “What, you think because I’ve killed people that I don’t believe in God?  Well you’re wrong, because I do. And God still loves me, regardless of the sins I’ve committed, so there,” she said with a sneer, uncaring that she sounded like a defiant child.
“I’m well aware that you believe in God Lilia, and that you believe your actions are somehow exempt from punishment, but what I find hard to believe is that you say you’ve discussed such things with God and more to the point that God condoned it.”
 “I don’t mean literally, Louis, it was more of a feeling. You know what I mean. And I never said anything about being exempt from punishment. Of course there’ll be some sort of punishment, but I’ll deal with that when the time comes,” she said with the utmost confidence.
He inhaled a long, deep breath then released it, his gaze locking with hers. And she would be punished, for how could she not. His stomach swirled nauseously as his chest tightened. The thought of Lilia suffering the fires of Hell was more than he could bear. He pushed the thought from his mind not wanting to think about it, not wanting to think about what he would sacrifice to spare her from such torments. 
“I’m sure you will,” he said dryly, but refused to comment further on the subject of punishment. “But please, for now at least, tell me of your discussions with God.” He was intrigued as well as uneasy about hearing what she had to say and, despite her flippant attitude it was evident that she truly did believe that she had a personal relationship with God. And, although he knew that there were those, very few in fact, who had such a relationship with God they were usually saintly beings, certainly not professional killers. 
Seeing the trepidation in his eyes she sent him a reassuring smiled. “Well my prayers mainly consisted of the usual stuff, you know, please look after my family and friends, special prayers for anyone who was sick, that sort of thing. But they often ended with some sort of debate.”  
  “What kind of debate?” 
She shrugged her shoulders yet nervously pushed her finger through her hair, lifting the abundance of silken strands from her neck to let it fall back around her shoulders. “It depends.” 
Although her actions were casual and by no means meant to entice, the urge to run his hand through her hair as it cascaded down her back was upon him. It took all of his power and control not to reach across and entwine the lush strands between his fingers if only to confirm that it felt as good as it looked.
He dragged a soothing breath into his lungs in an attempt to dampen the flames that Lilia could so easily ignite. What he needed to do was stay on track and not let himself get distracted. Now, what had they been talking about? Ah yes, the cursed discussions. “On what, exactly?” 
“On whatever was bothering me at the time.”	
“Such as?
“I don’t know, all sorts of things,” she said irritably, and then arched her brow in retaliation of Louis’s raised brow. “War, hunger, death, disease, the list is endless, but inevitably it always came back to why.” 
“Why?”
“Why didn’t He stop all the senseless killing? Why didn’t He stop all of the pain and suffering? Why? Why? Why?” She hated that she sounded impertinent when it wasn’t like that at all. She loved God with all of her heart and always had, she’d never think to question His reasoning or accuse Him of being indifferent. Well, okay, on occasion she had, but she’d apologised afterwards. 
Louis’s face was a picture of astonishment and she couldn’t help smiling and this time it went all the way up to her eyes making them sparkle. “It was during one of those long ago discussions that I decided that I would no longer badger God into helping us, heaven knows He’s got enough to do, but would instead try to alleviate some of the problems myself.” 
Louis’s brow rose into a perfect arch as he waited with bated breath to hear what she’d say next. And, without conscious thought the fingers which had been absently making small circular motions on the top of her small delicate foot, as it lay tantalisingly close to his thigh, shackled her ankle a firm embrace.
Her gaze dropped to the powerful hand wrapped like a warm, pulsing manacle around her ankle. “Not that there’s much I can do about war or hunger, nor disease, for that matter, but I sure as hell can help by killing those who prey on the innocent and cause so much pain and suffering,” she smiled mischievously. “The evil bastards don’t deserve to live.”
 His dark eyes smouldered as he raised her foot then brought it down to rest in his lap. It was somewhat unsettling that no matter how serious a situation she could make him lose all train of thought with a mere look, the lightest of touches. He inhaled a long deep breath in an attempt to regain his composure. And, let’s not forget her alluring scent.
“So, let me get this straight. The reason you have chosen to undertake such a damnable career is because you think that in doing so you are,” he paused for a moment, his gaze locking with hers in that deep penetrating way they often did when she astounded him, “helping God?” he asked with a slight trace of amusement in his tone. She swirled her foot from side to side and he slowly released the tension from his fingers, but didn’t remove his hand. 
Lost in the depths of his eyes, the touch of his warm, sure hand and the timbre of his sinfully sensual voice she could hardly remember what they were talking about. She blinked hard then gave her head a little shake so that she could collect her thoughts enough to give him an answer. “Yes, why not,” she said with a little laugh. “God’s got enough to do keeping the universe going.”
Louis couldn’t help smiling at the naivety of Lilia’s reasoning. If God was busy doing anything He certainly wasn’t busy maintaining the steady flow of the universe, His simple desire that it should continue to evolve was all that was needed. 
“Lilia, God is the most Supreme Being in existence. He is omnipotent in every respect and always has been. There is nothing that He cannot do if He so chooses.”
“I know.”
“You do? Why then, do you persist in thinking that He would need your help.”   
How could she tell him without sounding blasphemous, extremely offensive and downright ungrateful? She smiled at him and considered whether it would be cowardly of her to change the subject. Then, his thumb swirled across her foot and she lost all train of thought; her gaze following the movement of his hand and although it was the lightest of caresses she felt her womb throb with each stroke. She chastised herself inwardly, ashamed that she should have such a reaction at a time when she was trying to discuss something of great importance to her. 
It didn’t help matters when he stopped those sensual little swirls to take possession of her hand. She let him wrap his hand around hers; craving the calm, soothing, reassurance that filled her soul whenever he laid a hand upon her. She’d never known such intimacy and if the truth be told, she craved his touch. 
Her cheeks flushed at the thought, she was being ridiculous she knew that yet still found it hard to look him in the eyes, preferring instead to keep her focus on their entwined hands. It was funny how cherished he made her feel. Her gaze rose to capture his and the smile on his beautiful face was enough to melt her heart. 
“If you’re tired we can continue our discussion later,” He said, even though he was more than a little intrigued by what she had to say. 
“No, it’s okay, you deserve an answer and anyway you’re probably only saying that to get out of answering my questions.” 
“That is not my intention and well you know it,” he gave her hand the lightest of squeezes, but there was no reproach in his tone. “But if you wish to continue, then I can assure you that you have my full and undivided attention.”
Her smile brightened despite the fluttering in her stomach. She pushed the trepidation from her mind and took a long calming breath. “Okay, right, where to begin?” She shoved a stray tendril of hair out of her eyes, her chin rising ever so slightly as she inhaled another deep breath.
“How many people have been killed because of religion?” She sighed knowing how ridiculous her question sounded, but she really didn’t know where to start and considering that she’d given the subject a great deal of thought over the years she now found it hard to eloquently express herself. 
She was sorry for ever having mentioned her talks with God, especially as she could quite easily have made something up to pacify him. Well it was too late to back out now and to be honest she didn’t really want to, she wanted to sound him out, see if he agreed with anything she said. It was just a case of collecting her thoughts enough to give a rational explanation.
“Is that a rhetorical question or do you require a precise figure?” 
“You actually know the exact number?” she asked in astonishment. 
“Not the current figure, but if you’ll give me a moment,” he answered confidently yet made no attempt to accumulate the information. What would be the point; Lilia no more wanted the answer than he wanted to give it, she was merely trying to make a point. 
“You’re kidding me, right?”
“I never kid,” he said with mock reproach. “But you have no real desire to know the precise number of people who have been killed in the name of God so there is no need to overwhelm you with such details.” He smiled at her raised brow. 
“After what I’ve been through.” She shook her head. “I don’t think I’ll ever be overwhelmed again. But you’re right, that isn’t what I meant. It’s just that I am finding it hard to put it into words without sounding...”
“Just say what it is you have to say and have done with it.” Lilia wasn’t about to divulge any great secrets here and certainly nothing he hadn’t heard a thousand times before.
Lilia heaved a heavy sigh. “Okay, I think the reason God doesn’t intervene is because of what happened the last time He tried to save us. You only have to look at all the wars fought in the name of Christianity, never mind the people who were slaughtered simply because they held different beliefs.”	
Louis didn’t see the point in telling her that he’d witnessed many massacres in his time, both first-hand and when he’d recreated the scenes so that those guilty of such crimes fully understood the magnitude of their crimes. Only then would they be allowed to seek forgiveness.
“I can assure you that I neither need nor desire a history lesson, Lilia. And, in any case, what have the endless crimes committed by all of the major religious orders, have to do with God’s refusal to intervene or more specifically your reason for doing what you do.” There was no condescension in his tone yet a faint frown shadowed his brow. 
She huffed indignantly, “Well God isn’t going to intervene again, is He, not after what happened the last time and never mind that we crucified Him.” She dragged a long deep breath into her lungs trying to stay calm. “Don’t even get me started on why He would allow us to do that to Him, what He could possibly have hoped to achieve.” She shook her head in exasperation, now wasn’t the time to get into a debate on that particular issue. And, what was the point of relaying her feeble, inarticulate theory to Louis when surely he was in possession of all the facts? 
Louis’s brow rose into a perfect arch in response to her comments yet he also had no intention of discussing such a controversial matter. There had been much commotion and heated deliberation in God’s heavenly court at the time and in the centuries that followed and as far as he was concerned, only God knew why He let such a thing happen. 
“Lilia, I can understand why you would think that God is reluctant to intervene, but what I don’t understand is the correlation between that and your reason for becoming an assassin?” he asked reasonably. He wasn’t trying to be awkward he just couldn’t see the connection.
“A very specific assassin, Louis. And as you know, I’ve never killed anyone who didn’t have it coming.” She sniffed. “That’s not to say I don’t enjoy my work, because I do, very much.” She took a deep shuddering breath as she brushed a strand of hair out of her eyes. “And, although it isn’t much when you consider the scale of depravity, every little helps.” 
 Lilia was annoyed that she couldn’t find the words to express herself more eloquently. It was so much easier to explain in her head, in that short space of time before sleep took us, where there is no need of elaborate words or structured reasoning, just a thought or image was all that was needed to talk to God. She hated that she sounded not only disrespectful, but downright arrogant and was starting to feel a little gloomy, perhaps even guilty. She didn’t want to talk about it anymore. 
“So that’s it, that’s your reason for killing all those people,” he couldn’t call them innocent, not even in a world as depraved as this could they be considered innocent, “because you think that in doing so you are… doing God’s will? Is that what you truly believe?” 
“I don’t claim to be doing God’s will at all.” Her eyes narrowed on him and she gave a sharp sniff.  “I’m certainly not one of those psychos who claim that God told them to do it. I…”
Oh what was the point? Everything she said sounded silly, so she might as well shut up. Her head was pounding so hard that she could no longer think straight anyway and without conscious thought stiff fingers eased the tension from her temple.
Judging by the way she was rubbing the side of her head it was obvious she was in some discomfort and although he was far from satisfied with her explanation he didn’t want to push her further. He’d get to the bottom of it one way or another, but not when she looked so dejected yet utterly adorable with that little forlorn look on her face. 
He leaned toward her, his hand reaching out to settle gently over hers, stopping the relentless rubbing. He lowered her hand then cupped the side of her face with his hand, his thumb stroking a light caress over her throbbing temple. 
Lilia found Louis’s gesture so intimate that she lost the ability to breathe. She didn’t even notice that her head had stopped pounding. What she did notice was that with very brush of his thumb an unexpected jolt of pleasure rippled through her. She wanted to lean into him, cross the scant few inches that separated them and let him kiss her like she’d never been kissed before. She didn’t care if she would be lost forever in the depths of his dark gaze as long as he never stopped looking at her the way he was now. Her eyes closed as a thousand tiny wings fluttered inside, waiting breathlessly for the first touch of his lips.  
The breath evaporated in Louis’s lungs as a wave of heat engulfed him. It was a strange and unexpected sensation that not only made his stomach muscles clench, but produced a deep throbbing ache in his groin. He closed his eyes savouring the moment because it wouldn’t last, couldn’t last. Never, in all his long existence had he felt such desire and if he didn’t regain control he wasn’t certain he could resist. 
He opened his eyes and eased away as his hand fall back to his side. Her eyelids fluttered open and she blinked once, twice, before capturing his gaze. She smiled then looked away and it took everything he had not to pull her into his arms and kiss that look right off of her face. 
She’d thought he was finally going to kiss her, that he wanted to kiss her as much as she wanted him to, but evidently not. 
What a fool believes. 
Now, if she could just get her breathing back under control, she could pull herself together, but the intensity in his eyes wasn’t helping matters. 
So it wasn’t only her that felt it, he did too. 
Taking a deep shuddering breath she tried to gather her thoughts, the problem was that every one of them centred on him and the things she wanted from him. Some were so risqué she blushed, but she refused to feel guilty over something that felt so right.
Louis sat rigid in his seat unable to move from fear of losing what little control he had. How was it that this young human woman could reduce him, a revered hunter, renowned for his cold demeanour, into this besotted fool? He shook his head trying to rid his mind of all distraction yet the moment her gaze captured his he lost all good sense. 
Fortunately he was dragged back to reality as the sound of heavy bass drums destroyed the ambience and although he wasn’t an avid admirer of House music, he was more than grateful for the distraction coming from the other room. He needed to put some distance between them for both their sakes, but more so for him. He was finding it increasingly difficult to keep from touching her and if his latest reaction was anything to go by, he could find himself in a situation that he had little control over. 
Reluctantly he moved her feet from his lap and set them down on the couch then stood in one fluid motion. “It’s late Lilia; you need to get some rest,” he said without turning to look at her, because if he did he wasn’t altogether sure if he could refrain from sweeping her up into his arms to see if her lips really did taste as good as they looked.
Lilia couldn’t keep the disappointment from her face or the pain of rejection from her voice. “I’m not tired,” she said adamantly, but was more than a little annoyed with herself for failing to conceal the tremor in her voice.
The hurt in her tone was his undoing and, despite his great resolve he turned back to her, his hand reaching for her even before his gaze could capture hers. She hesitated for a moment before she reached out and took his hand and as soon as her fingers brushed his palm he wrapped her hand in his and gently pulled her to her feet. He had to take a long, deep breath in order to dampen the flames that were once again trying to consume him, his gaze falling to the floor. He was no longer able to look into her beautiful eyes without wanting things that he shouldn’t have been thinking of never mind considering. 
Lilia had given up trying to slow her pounding heart, what was the point when it took only the slightest glance, the lightest of touches to set it pounding so fiercely that she was sure he could see it beating in her chest. It didn’t help matters when he pulled her to her feet, the gesture so possessive yet unbelievably gentle that it practically turned her legs to jelly. If he hadn’t been holding her hand she might have collapsed into a dishevelled heap on the floor.
She fought the urge to cross the scant few inches between them because she didn’t want to add to the anxiety that was written all over his face. She’d been so overwhelmed by her reaction to him, as well as his reaction to her that she hadn’t given a thought of the consequences. Louis wasn’t human; he was a celestial being for God’s sake and bound by the laws of Heaven. She shuddered at the thought of what might have happened to him if she’d let things go any farther.  
Lilia released a long, slow breath. What had she been thinking? Certainly not of the dire consequences Louis could face, that’s for sure, but she was now and the more she thought about it the more determined she was to go back to her apartment, alone of course, and thereby removing all temptations from them both.
Now, if he would just let go of her hand.
She was temptation personified yet he might have stood a chance if she hadn’t looked so adorable. A short humourless laugh echoed within as he unconsciously tightened his grip on her hand. She could sense his anxiety and was blaming herself and that he couldn’t allow. He’d been the one overwhelmed by unfamiliar emotions, the one who couldn’t resist, and the one who’d lost control.	
Then a small imperceptible frown shadowed his brow. Lilia had it in her mind to leave, not because she was being pig-headed, but because she thought that it would be best for him if she did. The strange thing was, he hadn’t read her thoughts and broken his promise, the image had been projected from her to him without her even knowing.
The notion was as intriguing as it was disturbing. 
His smile faded as a solution to their problems came to mind, not an admirable solution by any stretch of the imagination, but a solution nonetheless. He would deal with the consequences of his actions later and knowing Lilia’s feisty nature it wouldn’t be pleasant. Then, without further ado he found and captured her gaze and issued the command for her to sleep.
Lilia had tried to gently ease her hand from his, but he refused to relinquish his hold, going so far as to tightening his grip and even though he had the strength to crush the fragile bones in her hand his embrace was gentle. He was still reluctant to meet her gaze yet he couldn’t hide the frown that shadowed his brow no matter how faint or insubstantial his expression was. And, then he smiled that smile of his, the one that always got her attention, intrigued her and teased her and without a doubt the one that could steal the breath from her lungs. He looked up; the intensity of his dark gaze mesmerizing and then everything went black. 
Louis swept her into his arms before she could fall and nestled her against his chest, savouring the warmth of her body for a moment before calling on his immense resolve to aid him. He turned swiftly and strode out of the room and along the hall to his bedroom where he unceremoniously flung her back onto the bed then left the room as quickly as he had entered, closing the door firmly behind him. There was no need to lock it, for he had no intention of waking her until it was time for her to board the flight.


Chapter 23
Lilia yawned contentedly, arms clenching like little featherless wings before one stretched out above and hit something hard, stopping her progress, as well as her heart. Her mouth snapped shut as her fingers traced the unfamiliar texture above her, pressing splayed fingers into the padded surface to judge its resistance. She was encased in something? She had a vivid imagination at the best of times and with all that had happened in the last twenty four hours it was no wonder that it was spiralling out of control now and taking with it the breath from her lungs as it went. She was in a coffin. 
Although Louis felt unbelievably guilty for forcing his will upon her he couldn’t help smiling. He’d awakened her only a moment ago and already she was amusing him with her antics. “Lilia,” was all he could say without laughing yet he couldn’t keep the amusement from his tone. Why didn’t she open her eyes?
Her eyes sprang open at the sound of Louis’s voice and she nearly cried with relief, then noticed the sparkle of amusement in his eyes. She eyed him suspiciously. How was it that she couldn’t remember a darn thing since he’d pulled her to her feet? There was one consolation though, she was in a car, not a coffin. 
“Are we ready to go?” Leon asked, peering through the rear view mirror. 
Lilia turned and captured Leon’s gaze in the mirror. Irritatingly enough he also found something amusing until she gave him one of her looks. Lucky for him he had the good sense to look away yet his annoying smirk lingered.
“Dickhead,” she muttered under her breath then turned her attention to Louis. “Where are we going?!” she demanded, not bothering to hide her annoyance.
“To the airport,” Louis answered with mock confusion. “You have a flight to catch, remember.”
The last thing she remembered was being in the living room, they’d almost kissed, then nothing. She inhaled a long, deep breath then let it out in a long slow hiss. Louis had been up to his little tricks again, forcing his will upon her, she was sure of it, but unfortunately couldn’t remember enough to prove it.
“I hope you didn’t forget my things?” She couldn’t be bothered accusing him because she wasn’t exactly sure what had happened, but woes betide him when she was. She huffed in response to his raised brow, then resisting the urge to kick him she let her gaze drift over the clothes he’d no doubt dressed her in. The skinny jeans were hers, as were the tan, ankle boots, but the cherry red fleece and white T-shirt weren’t. She sniffed; it wasn’t the outfit she’d planned to travel in, but at least she wasn’t still wearing the sweat pants.
The smile remained on Louis’s face as he watched her scrutinising the clothes he’d chosen for her. He didn’t know why she looked so disgruntled when they were mostly her things. The fleece was to keep her warm on the long fight and he’d purposely fashioned it in bright cherry red, knowing it was a colour she liked, as for the white T-shirt, well, that was his and even though it was far too big for her, for some strange reason he liked the idea of her wearing it.
They sat in relative silence on the way to the airport; Lilia preferring to look out of the window instead of voicing a protest and Louis was more than grateful that she wasn’t giving him the third degree as to how and when she’d got there. 

Leon stayed in the car while they went through to check-in. 
Louis had already scrutinised each and every passenger on the flight list ensuring that neither Ramon nor one of his minions were among Lilia’s fellow passengers. 
Lilia let Louis carry her case to the British Airways desk without objection. She didn’t even bother to pass comment when he took her passport and ticket from the inside pocket of his jacket and gave them to her, she merely passed them to the clerk. 
She’d been excited about the wedding for months yet now that she was finally going she felt strangely anxious. Louis had hardly said a word, and although she knew the sneaky bastard had done something to knock her out she felt bereft at the thought of leaving him. What if this was the last time she ever saw him. The thought alone was enough to tear her heart in two and although she managed to swallow the lump in her throat that was threatening to choke her she was unable to keep the sheen of unshed tears from her eyes.
Louis took the passport and ticket from the clerk and thanked her for her assistance before turning his penetrating gaze to Lilia. Tears glistened in her eyes and it was only her resolve that kept them from flowing freely. He swept his arm around her waist uncaring that she tried to shrug him off and ushered her away from the desk. 
She hated that he should see her like this when he was acting cool and aloof, but was unable to dispel the sense of gloom that had descended on her at the thought of never seeing him again. Then, his arm circled her waist and drew her to his side and instead of the usual sense of warmth and reassurance, his touch only served only to heighten the sense of loss. 
She should have realised that it was all too good to be true. That a man like Louis wouldn’t be interested in someone like her. No wonder he was acting cool and detached; she’d made a fool of herself and he was glad to be rid of her.    
She took a deep shuddering breath, chastising herself inwardly for being a fool then without further ado she manoeuvred herself away from his side so that she could raise her head and capture his gaze. Her deep blue eyes were no longer glazed with tears, but instead held a confidence that she wasn’t altogether certain she possessed. 
“Thanks for the lift,” she said and was more than relieved that her voice didn’t betray her, then she turned to walk away. She needed to get away from him before she said something she’d regret, before she lost control of her senses and made a fool of herself again. She hadn’t even taken a step when Louis shackled her wrist and although he wasn’t applying any pressure she knew any attempt to break free would be futile.
Louis tugged gently on her wrist until she turned to face him. His gaze captured hers with such intensity that neither of them could break free. “Have I done something to upset you?” He said then had the good grace to look sheepish before leaning closer. “Something else, I mean?” 
“No, no, don’t be silly. I just hate goodbyes.” She pushed a loose tendril of hair behind her ear, her smile so forced her cheeks ached. 
Louis took hold of her other hand and gently pulled her into the shelter of his body. Just the sight of her looking up at him with that little forlorn look on her face was more than he could bear. He slowly lowered his head toward her, his dark gaze refusing to relinquish its hold. “There’s no need for goodbyes, I’ll be joining you later.” 
The moment he pulled her against his body her charade was up. She might try to hide her feelings with a smile, but her eyes were the windows to her soul and he was looking right through them. His face was so close to hers they were actually exchanging breath and she had to fight real hard not to kiss him. She fought the urge and won. It helped that her earlier humiliation was still fresh in her mind, giving her the strength to resist. 
She’d been concentrating so hard not to kiss him that it took her a moment for his words to register in her mind and even then they didn’t make sense.  “What do you mean; you’ll be joining me later?” 
“I’ll be joining you later.” His expression was full of amusement. 
Despite being thrilled at the prospect of seeing him again, in reality it just wasn’t practical. “You can’t.”
“Yes, I can,” he replied resolutely.
Lilia shook her head. “No really, you can’t.” She’d love for him to be following on, but it wouldn’t be fair to leave him on his own while she went off to her sister’s wedding. “I am going to a wedding remember. I’ll be away all weekend.”  
“Yes and I will be escorting you, so please, stop fussing.” He’d already made up his mind and had no intention of getting into yet another pointless argument. 
“Louis you can’t just show up at a wedding without an invitation, especially my sister’s; she’d have your guts for garters,” she snorted. 
“I think you’ll find that she already has one, in scarlet, if I’m not mistaken.”
Lilia’s brow rose into a perfect arch. “I’m not even going to ask how you know that.” 
“All you need to know is that I’ll be accompanying you to the wedding.” He gave her hands a gentle squeeze. “And as arrangements have already been made to accommodate me there’s no need to worry.” 
He leaned forward and breathed her in. “You didn’t really think that I would leave you unprotected, did you?”
The pure black magic seduction in his tone stole the breath from her lungs. “No,” she admitted freely, but hadn’t really expected him to follow her. She’d just assumed that he’d protect her from afar, as it were. A silly notion when she considered his protective streak, but still.
“Good,” he said as his gaze drifted from her to the large information screen. “It’s time to go.”
She smiled up at him. “Bye then,” she said and tried to pull her hand from his, but he refused to relinquish his hold. Then, the air left her lungs as he slowly raised her hand and pressed her knuckles against his warm, full lips and kissed her
“Please, try and stay out of trouble,” he murmured then lowered her hand and released her.
“I’ll try my best.” 
“Go now, before I change my mind.”
Lilia huffed, then, resisting the urge to kiss him goodbye she turned and walked away, glancing back only the once before going through customs control.
He was glad when she finally went through the checkpoint, as he’d been sorely tempted to call her back to him. He released the breath he’d been holding, turned and walked away.  

Chapter 24
Josh picked Lilia up from the airport as planned and together they headed up to the Lake District, a place renowned for its beautiful landscape and hospitality. On the drive she explained that there was no need for Josh to track Ramon’s movements, as others were already trailing him. Despite his suspicions he feigned indifference and she loved him all the more for not making a fuss. 
The Lakeside inn wasn’t an inn at all but a rather majestic looking mansion house whose entire guests list was made up of her family and friends. The atmosphere inside was exuberant and full of joy, if not a little chaotic and after a tumultuous welcome Lilia was grateful to be allocated a room.
She felt physically drained when she finally closed her bedroom door and she still had to unpack. She unceremoniously flung her suitcase onto the bed, removed the small, practically useless padlock, unzipped then flipped it open. She hung her dress on the wardrobe door and placed her shoes on the floor beneath it. Then she remembered what it was that she’d forgotten and regardless of the fact that she knew it wasn’t there she still checked. She slammed the lid shut in frustration, what was the point, she knew exactly where the sapphire pendant she’d specifically bought to go with her dress was; it was on a shelf in her wardrobe in its little Walnut case.  
It was Louis’s fault for rushing her. She couldn’t even ring him and ask him to pick it up for her because he was the only person on the planet who didn’t have a phone. For a fleeting moment she considered using her mind to call him, as she had when she’d fallen from the roof, yet resisted on the grounds that it was not only self-indulgent, but absolutely ridiculous to think that she could. Dejected she pulled the case from the bed, opened the wardrobe door and tossed it inside. What she needed was sleep and maybe then she’d get some respite from the never ending sense of loss.  
She had assumed, Louis being Louis that he would know where the wedding was taking place, but she was starting to think that she’d assumed wrong. Why the hell had she not given him the details?  The good thing was that neither her sister Sharon nor her Mother appeared surprised when she’d mentioned that Louis would be joining her. She’d passed him off as a friend and, despite them exchanging glances that she chose to ignore, neither of them had pushed for more details.
She snuggled under the covers, closed her eyes and started her prayers. A knock on the door startled her and when she opened her eyes she was surprised to see shafts of light streaming through a gap in the curtains. Despite feeling like she’d only just gone to sleep she sprang from the bed and rushed to the door, pausing for a moment in an attempt to slow her racing heart. Please, let it be Louis. Then, uncaring that she was once again dressed in fleecy pyjamas she opened the door. Her disappointment was barely evident when she smiled at the maid.  
“Just give me a minute or two and I’ll be out of your way,” Lilia said.
“No need to rush, I’ll come back later,” The maid said obligingly then set off down the hall pushing an overloaded trolley stacked high with fresh linen.
Lilia managed to close the door without slamming it. It was beyond her why she hadn’t confirmed any of the details with him, but it was too late to worrying now. Shaking her head she reached for the telephone and rang her parents’ room, only to find that they’d already been down for breakfast. Her mother informed her that she’d have to get a move on as the stylist had almost finished with the bridesmaid’s hair and would be ready for her at any moment.
Lilia took a long, deep breath. Had no one thought to wake her?  Well breakfast was out of the question and so was moping around waiting for Louis to show up. She’d been looking forward to the wedding for ages and was damned if she was going to let anything spoil it.
After showering she made her way to her sister’s room, where the stylist proceeded to do her hair. Ordinarily Lilia wasn’t one for wearing her hair up in such a way yet the wonderful creation was outstanding even if she did say so herself. Then, after assuring Sharon that she would be ready in a jiffy she made her way back to her room to dress.
She stared at herself in the full-length mirror, turning this way and that so that she could admire the way her dress fit so perfectly. And, although she didn’t usually wear heels she had to admit that her legs looked dynamite in the Jimmy Choo pumps. Having her hair up only accentuated her long elegant neck and she couldn’t help feeling annoyed all over again that she’d forgotten to bring the beautiful sapphire pendant that would have completed her outfit. 
There was a gentle knock at her door and with one final glance in the mirror she turned to answer it. “Coming!” She reached for the door, flung it open, fully expecting to see her mum and was more than a little surprised to find Louis standing in the hall. 
“Louis,” she squealed with delight.
Louis inhaled deeply, taking her scent within him as his dark gaze drifted over her, inch by slow inch. Lilia was a natural beauty in every respect yet he’d never seen her looking as radiant as she did now. She looked beautiful in her gown and he liked what she had done with her hair, although the urge to run his fingers through the silken strands until it was wild and free was strong.
He released a long, heated breath as he stepped in to the room taking her with him as he went, a thought closed the door behind them. He smiled as he took her hand, his fingers weaving through hers so that he could gently pull her toward him. His dark gaze drifted down her long, slender neck, hovered for a moment on the thin, virtually non-existent straps that held her dress in place then continued ever so slowly down to her feet. Who’d have thought that this young beautiful woman, the epitome of feminine beauty, actually, was capable of doing the things she did.   
Lilia tried to swallow then realised that she’d first have to release the breath she’d been holding. It came out in a warm, soft pant as she stared up at the personification of masculine beauty that was Louis. She stifled a moan as his fingers entwined with hers and pulled her toward him. His eyes were everywhere, but she felt the heat of his gaze linger on her bare neckline and her heart quickened. She dragged air into her lungs as his gaze drifted lower, then smiled in response to the small intriguing smile on his face.
“Do you like my dress?” She said as way of distraction, stepping away from him in order that he may see it more clearly, because if she didn’t move away the chances were that she’d kiss that look right off of his face.
Her feminine retreat amused him yet gave him pause for thought and not before time, as far as he was concerned. Had he lost complete control of his senses? With slight reluctance he let her fingers slip from his, his hand falling back to his side. 

Louis had managed to keep himself busy during the eternity he’d spent away from her. He’d also acquired some useful information when he and Leon popped in to see how Rodriguez was getting on with Claxus. Unfortunately they arrived only moments after Rodriguez had removed Claxus’s legs. And, despite the fact that Rodriguez had done so without inflicting any pain, Claxus’s high-pitched screams were unmerciful. 
All three appeared indifferent, yet the noise was starting to irritate Louis. 
“Enough!” Louis’s tone was so imperious that Claxus stilled immediately. 
Rodriguez leaned over, grabbed Claxus by his shirt front and yanked him from the floor and hurled him onto a chair, waited until he manoeuvred himself into a sitting position before ruffling his hair. “I tire of your presence Claxus, so if you want to keep your arms, start talking,” Rodriguez said wistfully yet his smile was sardonic.   
Claxus’s gaze shot to Louis, but if he thought he’d find solace there he was very much mistaken. Louis’s cold black eyes held his gaze and far from the usual stoical expression he was renowned for there was one of pure contempt.
Claxus was in no position to negotiate, he either told them what they wanted to know or he would lose his arms as well as his legs. And, if he didn’t have arms he would be unable to weave the complicated patterns to reverse the spell.
Once Claxus had resigned himself to the fact that there was no getting out of it, he had, if not belligerently, given them the means to unravel Ramon’s cloaking shield. Much to Claxus’s annoyance, Rodriguez ruffled his hair once again than leaned over him, the mocking smile still present as he gave Claxus’s face two playful slaps, only there was nothing good humoured about them. He straightened, glanced from Louis to Leon then all three vanished from the room, carrying with them the echo of Claxus’s obscene profanities. 

Louis had left everything in Leon’s capable hands and with one small detour he’d set off after Lilia. While they’d been apart he’d had time to reflect on his outrageous, totally uncharacteristic behaviour. He’d been playing with fire, but fortunately for him neither of them had been burnt. From now on he’d refrain from any physical contact; after all he was there to protect her and nothing more. Yet the moment he saw the look of elation on her face he lost all good sense and his hard-earned resolve all but vanished. 
Once again his eyes drifted over every inch of her before his gaze found and captured hers. “I do not have adequate words to express how beautiful you look.” 
“Thank you,” Lilia said with a little curtsy, “You don’t look bad yourself.” Which was an understatement as he looked a million dollars in his dark blue suit and white shirt. The suit looked like Savile Row, yet he could just as easily have conjured it up, but there was no mistaking the black Kenneth Cole shoes. Her eyes slowly drifted back up to capture his gaze and she smiled at him approvingly. 
His smile was one of mutual admiration and then he reached into his inside pocket. He’d allowed himself one small concession for letting Lilia return home alone and that was to remain a shadow in her mind. 
“I have something for you,” he said holding his closed hand out. She raised her hand and he quickly took possession of it, turning her around with a dancer’s finesse until her back was a mere inch from his firm, hard body. He took a deep, soothing breath in the hopes of dampening the flames that were threatening to consume him and let go of her hand hastily. What in damnation was he doing? He’d made a solemn promise to keep their relationship platonic, for his salvation as well as hers yet his hands seemed to have a mind of their own, touching her at every given opportunity and for no other reason than to feel the warmth of her satin smooth skin beneath his finger. Did his superlative powers count for nothing when he was with her?
Lilia’s eyes fluttered to a close as he effortlessly swirled her around and she missed the darkening intensity in his eyes. His warm breath bathed the back of her neck and she barely suppressed a shudder of excitement, her heated breath escaping in soft moan.
Something blue and shiny passed before her eyes and a smile lit up her face as she felt his hands on the back of her neck. He’d gone back for her sapphire pendant. The how and when was irrelevant. Her hand rose to her neck as her gaze drifted down. Only then did she realised that it wasn’t her sapphire pendant at all, but a huge blue diamond. 
Lilia spun around and found herself standing so close to Louis she could feel the heat of his body through the thin material of her dress. She inhaled deeply as he captured her gaze, his smile so sensual that her legs weaken. The fact that he had to have read her mind to know that she had forgotten her own pendant didn’t seem to matter. That he would also have been privy to the erotic thoughts she’d had about him hadn’t registered either.   
And, who could blame her? She’d been caught up in a world of fantasy and make-believe with a man who was the epitome of masculine beautiful. Yet it wasn’t just his astonishing good looks or blatant sex appeal that had captivated her, it was the man inside who had taken possession of her heart and soul. 
“Thank you.” The huskiness of her voice brought colour to her face.
“My pleasure,” he said with a positively wolfish smile. “After all, if it wasn’t for my impatience you would never have forgotten yours.” 
 “That’s true,” she said smiling back at him, “but this one is absolutely stunning.” Without conscious thought she reached up and kissed him on the cheek. The instant her lips touched his skin the power in him surged right through her, electricity leapt from him to her and back again leaving tiny flames burning in the depths of his eyes. 
She took a step back. 
His heart beat so fiercely he thought it would burst from his chest at any second. He’d dampen the flames that had swept through him when she’d thanked him, the sultry timbre of her voice being the cause of that particular fire. His hard-earned resolve had fought valiantly and won against the burning desire to take her in his arms and kiss that look right off of her face.
Unfortunately the moment those warm, soft lips touched him his immense control counted for nothing. He inhaled sharply in an attempt to extinguish the fire in his blood before he lost control completely, but it only added fuel to the fire. Torturous flames lapped at his insides, swirling though his chest and down to his stomach then stormed his groin with such force that he was unable to suppress a low warning growl from rumbling deep in his throat as she made her retreat. 
A knock at the door went unanswered. 
Lilia was held captive by the intensity of his dark gaze, and the power emanating from him. A frown teased her brow. She wasn’t mistaken, Louis had actually growled at her when she’d moved away from him, a deep, throaty growl that reverberated inside her. She had to admit the wildness in him excited her. She also liked that he was finding it just as difficult as her to stay in control. 
The knock came again and with it the sound of laughter as the bridesmaids congregated in the hall. 
 “I am coming,” she shouted finally then smiled at him wickedly as she reached out and took his hand, giving it a gentle tug of encouragement. “Come on, they won’t bite.” 
Louis followed her although he was sorely tempted to scoop her up into his arms and make his escape. It was beyond him why he’d allowed her to come and if he’d realised at the time that he would also have to fraternise with her family he’d never have agreed to it. He took a deep exaggerated breath as she reached for the door. This was his last chance of escape. Then she smiled that smile; the one that made him feel alive. He’d do anything for her when she smiled at him like that, even suffer the cross examination he was sure to get from her parents. 
Then without further ado she opened the door to find her mother and four little bridesmaids crowded in the doorway, all staring up at Louis with curiosity on their faces. Sophie, Lilia’s niece and eldest of the four bridesmaids blushed profusely then quickly ushered the younger girls down the hall. Lilia’s mother remained, her gaze going from Louis to Lilia, drifting over the unmade bed before coming to rest on her daughter.
 Innocence couldn’t keep the blush from Lilia’s face. “Mum this is Louis, Louis, my mum Mary,” she said looking at her mother with a reproachful look in her eyes.
Mary smiled warmly at Lilia’s haughty look then turned her attention to Louis. Her baby girl had exceptional taste. He was strikingly handsome and, although his mane of jet black hair was far too long she had to admit that it suited him. Tall, too, with a well-defined athletic build enriched further by the cut of his expensive suit. He had the stamp of authority about him, of sheer masculinity and she couldn’t help wondering if Lilia knew what she was dealing with. 
Mary held out her hand and Louis took it without hesitation, then with infinite slowness and old world sophistication he bowed from the waist, his gaze locking with hers. “Mrs West.” 
Mary smiled at him then turned to Lilia, her brow rising ever so slightly. Lilia had said that Louis was only a friend yet there was no denying the chemistry between her daughter and this handsome, remarkably charismatic man who literally oozed confidence. She sent Lilia a small knowing smile then turned back to Louis. “Please, call me Mary” she said with a warm smile, giving his hand a little shake before letting go. “Now come on, we’re going to be late.”



Chapter 25
After the ceremony, they all made their way through into the large reception room that had been adorned with the most beautiful flower arrangements Lilia had ever seen. The children on the other hand seemed more impressed with the vast array of decorative balloons. 
Lilia introduced Louis to her family and friends before summoning the courage to bring him to her father, who regarded him with a father’s indifference. As far as her father was concerned there wasn’t a man on the planet who was good enough for his girls. 
Fortunately for Louis the master of ceremony instructed everyone to take their seats and much to his annoyance he found that he’d been seated across the hall from Lilia. It wouldn’t have been so bad if it wasn’t for the fact that he was the only male on a table full of highly excitable young ladies. 
Lilia stifled a laugh at the look of horror on his face then went to take her seat at the top table. Luckily she could still hold Louis’s gaze from where she sat and couldn’t help smiling wickedly each time he sent her a pained look.
Time rushed by so fast that Lilia was amazed when she saw some of the evening guests arriving. Unfortunately, David, the brother of her friend Leanne, was among them. She’d been on a date with him a while back, only the once, but once was enough. He wasn’t pig ugly or anything, but he certainly wasn’t as handsome as he thought he was and that coupled with his unfounded arrogance was more than enough to put her off. He looked over hoping to catch her attention, but she pretended to be engrossed in conversation with her cousin Billie until he gave up and made his way to the bar. 
Unable to stay away from Louis a moment longer Lilia excused herself and went over to his table. He was surrounded by girls, all eager to make an impression. She couldn’t really blame them, although she was glad when they drifted away.
“Finally,” he said as he reached over, took her hand and all but pulled her onto the chair next to him. The little minx had left him for what seemed an eternity in the company of those young ladies and although they had been delightful, their girlish chatter had driven him crazy. It hadn’t helped matters that every time he’d looked at Lilia, practically pleading with her to rescue him, she’d simply smiled back at him. She was playing with fire, a fire so intense, so consuming that it was a living, breathing entity within him.	
Lilia yelped as she hit the chair hard yet found herself more than a little turned on by his domineering actions. She inhaled a long, deep breath in an attempt to dampen the flames lapping at her inner thighs. It didn’t seem to help nor did the intensity of his gaze. Oh she’d been mesmerised by them many times, drawn into their fathomless depths, but never had they projected such dark desire, never held such stark possession. His hungry gaze sent another wave of heat through her as the inferno raged on and all because he was looking at her like she was the most beautiful woman in the world. 
Louis leaned into her, his mouth a scant inch from her shell like ear and he inhaled a languid breath, taking her scent within him. “You are.” He laughed at the look of shock on her face. The truth was he hadn’t broken his promise and read her thoughts; it was she who’d merged her mind with him and had done so on a number of occasions, unknowingly of course yet all the same. He didn’t know how it was possible, but he had a sinking feeling that it had something to do with him giving her his blood. 
Not wanting to spoil the moment he pushed the thought away. 
Lilia was shocked by what he’d said, but more so by what it meant. He’d been reading her thoughts, again, and although the thought of him knowing that he made her feel like she was the most beautiful woman in the world embarrassed her, it was the idea that he had access to some of her more erotic thoughts that mortified her. 
She felt the heat rush to her face as she held his gaze accusingly. Louis held up his hands in surrender or denial, she wasn’t sure, yet there was no mistaking the amusement dancing in his eyes. That smile and the smug look of male satisfaction was enough to make her want to slap him.
Louis was totally unrepentant and if he were to be honest he was passed the point of trying to hide how he felt about her. The glass or two of champagne he’d had earlier having greatly reduced his waning resolve to the point where he’d lost all good sense. Just being this close to her was driving him insane. 
His smile was so sexy that for a moment she lost all train of thought, yet still managed to grip the sides of her chair in order to stop herself from reaching out to touch him. She was determined not to let him distract her. “You said you’d only read my mind if you thought I was in danger?” 
If anything his smile grew as he leaned into her, “It is you, not I, who merged our minds.”
Lilia pulled back so that she could see his expression more clearly. She hadn’t merged her mind with his. It wasn’t possible. But the more she looked at him the more she realised that he wasn’t teasing. 
She looked at him incredulously then huffed. “Don’t be soft, I can’t.” She shook her head wondering why he would even suggest that she could.
“I think you’ll find that you can, and have, on occasion, since yesterday.” He wasn’t sure how she’d been able to do it either, maybe her soul had sensed his presence and connected with him, or perhaps her mind had used the connection to follow the path back him, or maybe…
 It was amazing how easily distracted he was by her and he couldn’t help smiling as her brow rose into a perfect arch. Yet he had no intention of telling her how he thought it was possible because there was still a glimmer of hope that it had nothing to do with the fact that his blood flowed through her veins.
“How else would I have known that you’d forgotten your pendant?” 
Lilia’s hand drifted up to her throat, her fingers covering the heavy stone with a light caress or was it so that he couldn’t see that her heart was pounding so fiercely she thought it was going to explode right out of her chest. Her mind was in total chaos and it had little to do with what he’d said she could do. What really bothered her, if she had merged her mind with his, was what the hell had she been thinking when she had. She groaned inwardly, of course, Louis, always Louis, in fact she’d thought of little else. The thought of what he could have seen brought fresh colour to her face. However, it didn’t seem to have embarrassed him in the least; in fact he looked rather smug. 
The only reason he’d told her was because he didn’t want her thinking that he’d broken his promise, that he’d wantonly invaded her thoughts without just cause. He’d given little thought to how she would react to the knowledge that she’d been the one projecting her inner most thoughts to him, but by the expression on her face he should have. 
“I need the bathroom.” Lilia stood and practically dashed out of the hall. She hurried into the ladies room, grateful not to see anyone who might have enquired as to what was wrong, and slammed the door shut.
She stood in front of the mirror, her fingers caressing the contour of the large blue diamond that hung from her neck.  Now she could be mistaken because she wasn’t even sure if you could get blue diamonds, never mind one the size of a walnut, yet she couldn’t help thinking that it was real. And, despite her humiliation she smiled. 
How could he do that, infuriate her one moment, and astonish her the next? She shook her head in exasperation, but hiding in the ladies wasn’t going to solve anything. And, what was she hiding from anyway, her feelings, his? She could no longer deny that he had true feelings for her, for it was evident every time he held her gaze, touched her hand or came so close that they exchanged breath. No, there was no denying the physical attraction between them, but where would it all lead. 
Louis was a celestial being for goodness sake and bond by the laws of Heaven and almost certainly forbidden from fraternising in such a way with a mere human. Yet, in spite of that she was desperate to get back to him.  
With one final glance in the mirror she left the bathroom as quickly as she’d entered. And, in her eagerness to get back to Louis she almost knocked David, who for some strange reason was standing right outside the ladies room, to the floor. Her hand shot out and grabbed him by the arm to stop him from falling back, flinching as he in turn reached out to shackle her wrist. 
“Sorry, I didn’t see you there,” she said apologetically although she had wondered why he’d been lurking there in the first place.
“Don’t worry about it,” David replied with a sleazy smirk. 
Lilia released his arm and let her hand drop back to her side as she took a step back and if that was the cue for him to release her he didn’t take it, in fact, if anything, his fingers tightened around her wrist. She fought the urge to break every bone in his hand. Instead, she opted for a feminine twist of the wrist so that he would have to cause a scene or let her go. Fortunately for him he let go, but the irritating smirk on his smarmy face remained. 
“So, how’ve you been?” He asked as he moved to counter her subtle retreat.
“Oh, you know, busy.” Her smile never made it to her eyes. She really couldn’t be bothered getting into a conversation with him. He was irritating at the best of times and even more so when she had far more scintillating people to talk to.
“What, too busy to return my calls?” The smile slipped from his face.
For a moment Lilia considered placating him with a feeble excuse for not returning his calls, but decided against it. David didn’t deserve an excuse and he definitely wasn’t getting one after the way he’d just behaved. “Yes. Now if you’ll excuse me,” she said stepping away from him. He blocked her escape and suddenly the atmosphere was filled with such menace the hairs on the back of her neck bristled.
Ramon? 
Had he followed her here and was threatening not only her, but her family too? Lilia practically shoved David out of her way and it was then that she noticed Louis. It was only when he strode toward them did she realised that his menacing gaze was fixed on David.
Louis loomed over her protectively, his cold, dark, murderous gaze locked on David. Despite the impending threat she couldn’t help laughing at the expression on David’s face; inwardly of course, so as not to escalate the situation any farther. But it was Ramon who’d scared her not David.
Louis turned his gaze to her and warmth returned to his eyes. He hadn’t realised that he’d been projecting any sort of threat, although it wasn’t surprising considering the all-consuming desire he had to rip the head from the fool who’d dared to lay a hand on Lilia. 
It’s okay, Ramon is not here.
His words drifted through her mind, so soothing and full of calm reassurance, the timbre so familiar, that without conscious thought she replied. Are you sure? 
Her eyes widened in shock as she realised what she’d done. She hadn’t answered him aloud, she’d answered him with her mind, her mind for God’s sake and not just projecting thoughts to him, but having a fully-fledged conversation with him. Or was she? Her mind was so chaotic she didn’t know what to think. 
It was the darkness in him that she’d sensed and he was deeply ashamed for having scared her. He also felt a great deal of admiration for her. She was uncomfortable with the whole issue of mind reading yet she’d merged her mind with his rather than voice her concerns in front of the fool beside them. She was incredibly astute for her age and seemed to be adapting well to her newly acquired skills
Louis?
Yes? 
Lilia had to admit that being able to communicate with him like this was overwhelming and also extremely exciting. How is this possible? How can I talk to you like this when I’ve never been able to before?
I’m not sure exactly, but it is a valuable asset, is it not? 
Well yes, of course it is, but at the moment I’m more concerned with what’s here. I sense something, can’t you?
Louis had the decency to look sheepish. Forgive me. It was my reaction to this… His lip started to twitch and he barely suppressed a snarl, fool that you are sensing. He smiled in response to Lilia’s raised brow. Okay, I admit it, I’m a little over protective were you’re concerned. 
‘A little over protective’! That’s a bit of an understatement. I thought the devil himself had descended on us. She couldn’t believe he was being so blasé. Yet she was just as bad because now that she knew Ramon wasn’t to blame, Louis behaviour only served to make her feel cherished. It was weird, but that’s how she felt. Cherished and always in his care. 
Yes, no doubt about it, she’d fallen big time.
Not quite. Now run along and join the celebration. You’ve been belayed here long enough.
She took his hand, weaving her fingers through his as her thumb brushed the back of his hand in a light caress. Aren’t you coming? She glanced at David, who, to her surprise was just staring into space as if nothing had happened yet he was as stiff as a board. She looked back at Louis with the trace of a frown across her brow. What’s up with him?
Nothing, yet. 
Louis, don’t touch him! She was trying to defuse the situation before it escalated out of control. David was, and always would be, an asshole. Hell, she’d been tempted to slap him down a peg or two, and would have if Louis hadn’t shown up like her knight in shining armour, black shining armour, but still. Funny how that notion didn’t annoy her half as much as it normally would have. 
Still, she couldn’t let him hurt David.
Tiny flames flickered in his eyes. I wouldn’t be so crass. Then, with a gentle tug on her hand, he turned her around so that she was facing away from him and David and bent his head to hers so that he could whisper in her ear. “Go on, your sister’s waiting for you.” He could have told her that through their mind merge, but then he wouldn’t have been able to feel the warmth of her skin against his lips, nor would he have achieved such a reaction in her. 
Ashamedly all concern for David vanished the moment she felt Louis’s warm breath on her neck. The urge to lean back, turn her head and once and for all kiss the living daylights out of him was upon her, but fortunately for her, Sharon appeared in the foyer, gestured for her to join her then turned to leave, but not before running a wary eye over David. Sharon, like Lilia was remarkably perceptive and seeing as neither of them suffered fools gladly it didn’t surprise her that Sharon would look upon David with such disdain. 
Lilia glanced over her shoulder and gave Louis a look to reaffirm that she wanted David unharmed then with infinite confidence as well as a sultry sashay she followed her sister into the main hall. 
The warmth and admiration faded from Louis eyes as he turned his cold, dark gaze to David. He’d placed him in a trance so he would be unable to cause Lilia further distress, it also served to leash the beast within that raged to rip him limb from limb. He released him from his stupor so that he’d be fully aware of the threat facing him. 
There was menace in the depths of Louis’s eyes as he held David’s startled gaze, wanting him to know that it meant little to him if David lived or died. And, that even if he were to let him live it didn’t mean that he wouldn’t flay the skin from his body and pack him in lime. He even went so far as to project the vivid images to him so that he couldn’t fail to comprehend the suffering he would endure if he were ever suicidal enough to touch Lilia like that again, any woman for that matter. 
David’s first mistake was to assume that Louis wasn’t a threat and to be fair he did look more like a male model than a predator, but then looks could be deceiving. His second mistake was touching Lilia. Moments after he’d tightened his grip on her fragile wrist he’d been overcome with not only a dark sense of foreboding, but a an unfathomable sense of fear that consumed him from the inside out. He wanted to run, to run as fast and as far as he could and he would have too, if he could, but he couldn’t. 
He was frozen on the spot, unable to move this way or that. His throat constricting as if invisible fingers were coiled around it, unable to breathe, let alone speak. All he could do was stand there, his eyes fixed on the brooding stranger who stood so protectively by Lilia’s side. There was stark possession in the man’s eyes as he looked at her yet now they were as dark and deadly as the deepest ocean and depicted in the dark void was his violent end.
An involuntary whimper escaped David as the stranger leaned into him so that his face was a scant inch from his, then he heard his voice for the first time. It wasn’t a language he knew, but he couldn’t fail to understand the meaning, because despite the relatively mild tone there was no denying the threat in his tone. 
Louis straightened, smiled, then dismissed David with an indifferent sniff. “Go now, while you still have the legs to carry you.”
David didn’t need telling twice. He took two tentative steps back then without further ado turned and fled.
Louis watched as David made his escape and if he was to be perfectly frank he would have preferred to have punished him further and if it not for Lilia’s intervention he would have. Then he turned and strode with utmost confidence back into the main hall to Lilia.




Chapter 26
Lilia was dancing with her sisters when Louis re-entered the hall, his gaze capturing hers immediately. The niggling voice in her head warned her to be wary, yet she smiled back at him. It wasn’t that he’d scared her, not really, but he’d exuded such menace that her survival instincts had rose to the challenge and now she was left feeling a little edgy. 
Then Beyoncé’s ‘Crazy in love’ began to play and all her concerns were swept away.	
Louis watched her from across the hall. He was aware that his loss of control had frighten her and he needed to reassure her that she had nothing to fear. He huffed to himself. If that were the case, why did he have an overwhelming urge to sweep her into his arms and carry her off to his lair? Kicking and screaming if need be.
Now there was an intriguing notion.
Lilia was relieved when the DJ announced that he was going to slow the tempo down for a little while and she was just about to step off the dance floor when the unmistakable intro of Al Green’s, ‘Let’s stay together’ filled the room. This was not only her mum’s favourite song, but hers too and she’d love more than anything for Louis to dance with her. She spun round to capture his gaze, her heart sinking when he wasn’t where he’d been a moment ago. 
She looked around a little frantically yet still couldn’t see him, and then she stilled, her eyes drifting to a close as she took his scent deep within her and was instantly swathed in heat. 
Absurdly, Louis found himself smiling at her distress in not finding him. With a dancer’s finesse he turned her to face him, taking a deep draft of her alluring scent as he did so. “Dance with me, for I have an ache that only you can soothe,” He breathed the words without reservation, his voice so deeply sensual that it surprised even him.
Lilia was lost in the fathomless depths of his hypnotic gaze and the sultry timbre of voice, that she simply let him ease her into the shelter of his body as he wrapped his arms around her. She looked up and smiled as she brought her arms up to circle his neck. “I thought you’d never ask.”
His return smile was positively wicked as he lowered his head. “Who’s asking,” his voice was a blend of black magic seduction and male dominance. Then, his hand slid to the small of her back, his finger swirling lightly over the two small indentations for a moment before using the flat of his hand he draw her closer, pressing her against the hard evidence of his desire. He could resist no longer.
Lilia gasped, her eyes widening as she held his gaze, and by the look of male satisfaction on his face he wasn’t in the least perturbed that she knew he was extremely aroused. And, inexperienced or not, she could no longer deny the growing hunger in her. 
  Dancing with her was a torture unlike anything he’d ever endured, but it was worth it to feel her body burning against his, to know that her need was as great as his. He lowered his head and nuzzled her hair. She smelled of springtime, of apple blossom and morning dew yet it was the trace of spice that inflamed him further. It was only the fact that they were surrounded by her family and friends that stopped him from scooping her up in to his arms and carrying her off right then and there.
She was so wrapped up in him that the room around them simply disappeared, only the words to the song penetrating their blissful bubble. She sang along to the song in her head, envisioning Louis singing it to her and as his arms tightened around her she could do little more than surrender herself into his keeping.
“Let me, be the one,” his voice was a blend of seduction and need and when she raised her head to capture his gaze he didn’t try to hide the dark desire there, so she couldn’t fail to understand how she made him feel.
His warm breath bathed her temple as he sang; the timbre of his voice seeped beneath her skin and wrapped itself around her soul. That easy Lilia lost the fight; not that she had much chance of winning against such an insatiable personality as Louis, but still. She wanted him, no, more than that, she needed him.
Louis lowered his head so that his lips brushed her ear. “Come away with me,” he murmured as he gently nipped at her earlobe. “For, I can no longer withstand this torture.” He was burning with such need that he thought he would go up in flames if he didn’t possess her soon.
And, oh, how she wanted to go with him, to lose herself in the ecstasy of his body, to give to him freely as she’d never given before, but she couldn’t up and leave in the middle of her sister’s wedding. For a moment she considered taking him to her room yet the thought of her parents being just a few doors down the hall put pay to that idea.
“I can’t,” she said a little breathlessly.
Louis smiled down at her as he lowered her hands from his neck and held them against his chest and then bent down to kiss the end of her nose. He understood her reticence, for she was as inexperienced as he in such matters, but he wasn’t letting her go this time. “I thought we could go to my cabin,” he replied boldly, his gaze locked with hers, one perfectly shaped brow arched, daring her to refuse.  
It wasn’t so much the alluring way in which he’d kissed the end of her nose that surprised her, although it was rather endearing, it was the way he just assumed that she would be willing to go with him, to… The thought brought fresh colour to her face “That’s a little presumptuous of you, don’t you think?” she said with feigned affront yet there was no censure in her tone, just a playfulness that made him smile. 
“Yes.”
She laughed at his arrogance then let her gaze drift away in search of her mother. She wouldn’t leave without telling someone, but at this precise moment she couldn’t see either her mum or any of her sisters. She turned back to Louis. “I can’t just leave without telling anyone.” 
“I could implant memories of you in your mother’s mind. She will remember that you danced the night away with her and your sisters and that you retired to your room a little after one.” It was abhorrent for him to do such a thing, but the truth was he was willing to do anything to spend some time alone with her.
Lilia was shocked that he would even suggest such a thing, yet she nodded her head in acceptance, biting the inside of her lips to stop herself from giggling. She was incredibly nervous but wasn’t going to let her inexperience hold her back. She trusted Louis, trusted him with her life and he would never force her to do anything that she didn’t want to do. The problem was that she wanted it all, wanted all of him.
“Better make it a little after four, or she’ll never believe it.” 
Louis slipped his arm around her waist as they moved toward the doors leading in to the garden. The cool breeze drifting up from the lake made her shudder, so Louis pulled her that much closer, nestling her under his shoulder as they continued toward the jetty.
Her shoes weren’t made for walking on lush grass and they certainly weren’t suitable for walking on rickety old jetties. It did look picturesque, though, with the calm waters and majestic hills and the little rowing boat was a nice touch, too. She peeked up at him, hoping he wasn’t expecting her to go anywhere in the boat. “Louis, where exactly is this cabin of yours?” 
He smiled at the nervousness in her voice as he turned her in his arms so that he could hold her against his chest. “On the other side of that ridge.” He laughed at the horrified look on her face.
Lilia stared at him and then turned her head, glanced at the mountains that surrounded the lake then back down at the boat floating silently in the dark, still waters. “I hope you don’t think we’re going in that?”
A slight frown shadowed his brow as he glanced down as if noticing the boat for the first time. When he recaptured her gaze his eyes were full of mischief. “We could swim,” he suggested with mock sincerity, tightening his hold on her as she tried to push him away. 
“In this dress? Are you serious?”
“No silly. I thought we’d fly.” Her reaction was enough to make him do anything she asked.
Lilia squealed with delight as she reached up to circle his neck with her arms, relieved now that they weren’t going across the cold lake. “This is by far, the best day of my life,” she gushed unreservedly.  
Louis’s gaze darkened as his arm tightened around her waist, then he lifted her from the decking to hold her against him, her heart, his, beating as one. He took a deep, calming breath before taking to the air with his most cherished possession.
Lilia had to admit that the hungry look in his eyes excited her as did his possessiveness toward her. Oh, she knew it was foolish of her, but she’d never wanted a man the way she desperately wanted Louis and if the truth be told, nothing had ever felt so right. The breath left her lungs as he lifted her off her feet and pressed her soft curves against him, so close that she could actually feel the pounding of his heart against her breast. She held his hungry gaze as she dragged air into her lungs, squealing once again as she felt the ground go from under them.
Louis carried her high above the lake and mountains and into the night sky, adjusting her in his arms so she could see the beauty of the landscape below her. Her screams rang in his head as he nuzzled her ear. “Relax Lilia, and enjoy. I will not drop you.” His tone was laced with amusement.
For a moment there she actually thought he was going to drop her, which oddly enough, heighten the thrill of flying all the more. Loving the wind against her face and the sense of freedom it gave her, she let go of him and held her arms out, secure in the knowledge that he would never let her fall. 
He adjusted her in his arms once again so that he could look into her eyes. Her arms circled his neck as she clung to him yet there was no fear in her eyes just a burning desire that matched his own. He eased his thigh between her legs, pushing her higher as he lowered his head to hers. Then, he kissed her. 
His mouth moved over hers, exploring, enticing, dominating. He wanted to devour her, to consume her very essence so that she would be a part of him for all eternity. Her tongue tangled with his in an erotic dance that sent him spiralling into a world of unknown pleasure and left him gasping for breath. If they didn’t reach the cabin soon… 
Finally, the moment she’d waited an eternity for, was upon her and she lost the ability to breathe. His mouth was tender, tentative even, until she kissed him back then all caution went out of the window. Passion fuelled kisses, more aggressive than gentle dispersed any inhibitions she might have had.  And, now that she’d had a taste of him, she wanted more, much more. 
Fortunately they were only moments from the cabin Louis had acquired for the weekend and a thought was all it took to open the huge, glass, sliding doors so that they could enter unhindered. Flames flickered immediately from the abundance of candles adorning every aspect of the spacious room. However, the logs in the hearth had the molten glow of a well stoked fire. 
Lilia could stay wrapped in his arms forever, never tiring of the sheer pleasure his kisses induced. In fact, she was so consumed by the seduction of his tongue that she didn’t notice that they were no longer in the air. It was the heady aroma of candles and the roar of the open fire that drew her from the enthrallment. 
She opened her eyes and held his smouldering gaze, feathering kisses along his full lower lip. She turned her head slightly, no more than a quick glance around.  “This is nice,” she said a little breathlessly. 
When he’d mentioned that he had a cabin she’d envisioned something rustic and although it was a cabin of sorts it was far from basic with its split level living area and panoramic floor to ceiling windows. One entire wall on the lower level housed an inglenook fireplace which was aflame, yet not nearly as hot as Louis. He was so hot she thought she’d melt right into him, become a part of him or was it him becoming a part of her? 
Louis was reluctant to relinquish his hold on her, preferring instead to hold her in his arms so that he could feel the warmth of her body against his. His dark gaze held hers as she trailed a series of unbelievably succulent kisses from one corner of his mouth to the other. He would never have imagined that kissing could be such a sensual experience and could easily spend the rest of eternity just kissing her. He would have, too, if it weren’t for the unrelenting ache in his groin. 
“Nice?” His teeth nipped her lower lip then swirled a soothing caress with his tongue. He could think of far more interesting words to describe what her kisses did to him and nice certainly wasn’t one of them. He kissed her again only this time it wasn’t a wild, frenzied embrace, but a slow exploration of the senses. 
Lilia pulled away and slapped his shoulder playfully, “The cabin,” she laughed, “not…” Her face flushed just thinking about the reaction she’d had from his kiss and if she had to give it a name it would have been more on the lines of orgasmatronic, and although she wasn’t sure if orgasmatronic was a real word, it was the only one she could think of to describe the all consuming passion his kisses evoked.
“Orgasmatronic, yes, I like that,” he said with a wolfish smile then once again took possession of her mouth as he reluctantly lowered her inch by tormenting inch to the floor, yet still refused to relinquish his hold. He needed the warmth of her body against his in order to tame the beast within that wanted to possess her right then and there. Or, perhaps it was the warmth of her body that taunted the beast? One thing for sure, he could not resist her a moment longer. 
There was something incredibly sexy about being held like this, wrapped in his strong arms, against the warmth of his body, against the hard, thick evidence of his desire. She slid down his body as he lowered her to the floor, the sensation so erotic her feminine core wept in response. She held his hungry gaze, captured by the burning desire in their depths, by the stark possession she was unable to resist. And, despite her inexperience she wanted, no, needed to sate the hunger in him. 
Louis inhaled a shuddering breath in a last ditched attempt to regain control. 
Not only was he about to commit the unforgivable, he was also keeping things from her that she would no doubt find disturbing. Oh she knew he was a celestial being, but she didn’t really know who he was. She also didn’t know that his failings had led to Gina’s death. He wanted to tell her, wanted more than anything for her to accept him for who he was, what he’d done yet the thought of her rejection tore his soul to shreds. Ashamedly he pushed the thought from his mind as he was consumed once again with the desire to possess her. 
He removed the pins from her hair and let the abundance of silken strands tumble around her shoulders as his fingers swept a wayward tendril from her face and brushed it behind her ear. His fingers lingering there, then he lowered his head to hers as he pulled her closer. Lilia had never been in an intimate relationship with a man and for that he was eternally grateful. He too, had no experience of the opposite sex, but being an omnipotent being, he had a world of knowledge at his fingertips. 
Trailing kisses from her mouth to her ear he nuzzled the lobe as he drew her scent deep within. His hand drifted down her back in a languorous caress, the thin material of her dress the only barrier between them. He lingered for a moment at the small of her back, tracing the two round hollows with the tips of his fingers, making her grind her hips against him. 
His lips lingered on her pulse, absorbing the rhythm before continuing along her neck to the curve of her shoulder. Her skin felt like warm silk, soft and smooth and so inviting he couldn’t resist a gentle bite.
Lilia panted softly as his hand trailed down her spine to the curve of her bottom, stroking and teasing until her only escape was to press up against him, which was no escape at all. His mouth blazed a trail across her skin, stealing her breath as it went yet it was the small enticing bite that had her shuddering in response. 
Louis mistook the tremor running through her for fear. Was he pushing her too far, too fast? She was innocent, after all, and here he was, a being of immense power and strength trying to seduce her. His hand stilled on the curve of her bottom, but he was unable to relinquish his hold on her. His mouth left the warmth of her skin as he lifted his head to capture her gaze. 
“Don’t be afraid Lilia, I will take only what you are willing to give,” his voice was a blend of reassurance and pure black magic seduction. 
She couldn’t prevent the colour from sweeping up her body into her face; she wasn’t afraid she was drowning in a sea of desire and his gentleness toward her only added to his allure. 
“I’m not afraid. It’s the way in which you touch me, that makes me tremble,” she admitted shyly not wanting him to think that he was taking advantage, when he wasn’t. She hungered for him as much as he hungered for her, both having been swept into a whirlwind of love and lust.
Love and lust, the words echoed in her mind, taunting her enough to give her pause for thought. There was no doubting the lust, it was the love part that had stopped her in her tracks. That little four letter word that meant so much. There was no doubting her love, she wouldn’t be there otherwise, but did he love her? And, if he didn’t, would she still be prepared to give herself to him when she’d sworn to herself that she wouldn’t? 
Despite her heart stopping admission he sensed the sudden change in her. Did she fear that in giving herself to him that she would be surrendering, not only her body, but her soul? He knew from their frequent mind merges that she had been saving both for the man she loved, a man that in turn loved her. He’d always thought love an insipid word, said more often than not without conviction yet he was unable to think of a more eloquent word to describe what he felt for her. Perhaps it was the all consuming passion she stirred in him that rendered him lost for an alternative word, but his body certainly needed no words.
She smiled, her gaze drifting over her gown before rising to meet his. “Do you like my dress,” she said as a way of distraction, when what she really wanted to say was, I think I’m in love with you. But then, it wasn’t her feelings that were the issue, it was his.
His gaze locked with hers so that she would see the truth in his eyes. “Lilia, I have existed since the beginning of time, and in all that time I have never met another living soul who has intrigued, amused and dare I admit captivated me in such a way. Not only have you penetrated my amour and seeped beneath my skin, you have wrapped yourself around my heart and soul.”
He coiled a lock of her hair around his finger. “Do not think that my feelings for you are any less than your feeling for me.” He smiled then. “And in answer to your question. I think you look absolutely stunning in that dress and that is why I’m going to let you take it off, rather than me rip it from you,” his voice was husky with desire. 
Although she was shocked by his comments she was excited, too, especially as he’d just bared his soul to her. “Well, I’d better take it off then.” She replied, trying to sound blasé, even though the thought of undressing in front of him made her anxious all over again. It didn’t help matters that the hunger in his eyes had intensified to such a degree that she thought he was going to devour her right then and there. She drew a long, calming breath as her hands rose to her shoulders, her fingers toying with the thin straps of her dress, lacking the confidence to slip them from her shoulders, despite him making her feel like the most beautiful woman in the creation. 
Her modesty turned his heart over and he found himself smiling, despite the urgent demands of his body, then with more composure than he actually felt he let his fingers slowly drift up her arms before coming to rest on her hands. Not for one moment had his dark, penetrating gaze relinquished their hold on her, wanting her to see the need in him, the burning desire that inflamed his very being and the fact that the same desire burned so intensely in hers was all the response he needed to take control.
He lowered her hands down to her sides then leaned down and fastened his mouth to hers, his tongue swept inside the moist, warm, interior, exploring, tantalising, driving all thought of resistance from her mind. He pulled away from her, but she looked so alluring staring up at him with that dazed look in her eyes that he couldn’t resist taking possession of her again. 
She was consumed with need, a passion so profound that flames swept through her, turning her blood to molten lather that pooled deep in the pit of her stomach, making her womb contract and her feminine core throb with moist invitation. All that from a mere kiss. 
Louis took the thin straps of her dress between his fingers, toyed with them for a moment so she would know his intention then slipped them from her shoulders, dragging a deep, shuddering breath into his lungs as it slid down the silken curves of her body. She was temptation personified, especially with that look of wonder on her upturned face. His hand came up to the tiny gold clasp at the front of her bra, then that, too, fell to the floor, leaving her beautiful breasts open to his close scrutiny. 
Smiling at her sharp intake of breath he let his hands slide down her waist until his fingers brushed the top of her virtually non-existent panties. His breathing was laboured as was hers, but sensing no resistance he pushed the scrap of satin from her round, firm bottom. But rather than letting them fall to the floor his hands followed them down, his fingers tracing the length of her long, slender legs, needing to go down on one knee in order to continue to her feet. Then, with slow, unhurried movements he raised her foot from the floor, paused when her hand clasped his shoulder, then sensing only a need of support, he continued. He slipped her panties from first one foot, then the other, discarding her shoes as he did so, the dress and underwear stayed where they lay. 
  Lilia inhaled a shuddering breath as he pushed the panties from her body; his fingers trailing fire as they drifted tormenting slow, down her legs. Gripping his shoulder, she steady herself as he slipped the panties off her feet, and although she should have felt vulnerable, she didn’t. She was aware, though, of how close he was to her most feminine core and, nervous of his intentions, she tried to draw him back up. 
Her unease was evident in the touch of her hands, as was the image of him feasting on her, clear in her mind. With an oath he stood, but not before drawing her scented invitation deep into his lungs. Perhaps it was too soon for such intimacy? Yet there was no denying their shared hunger, for she craved him as much as he craved her. The heady aroma beckoning him was testament to that. 
Her arms circled his neck, weaving her fingers through his thick hair as she held his heated gaze. Then the hands poised at the curve of her waist began to glide up her ribcage to the satin smooth skin below her breasts, stealing the breath from her lungs. She tilted her head to give him better access to her neck and her body tightened as his tongue caressed her throbbing pulse with leisurely strokes. 
Why, though, was he still fully clothed and she naked?  
No sooner had the thought crossed her mind did he reach up, take both her hands in his and brought them to his chest, pressed her open palms against his beating heart and smiled wolfishly as his clothes vanished. Her eyes widened, but it didn’t stop her running her fingers over his muscular chest to admire the utter perfection of his body. 
He kissed her and once again she was consumed as fire raced through her. Fames lapped at her sensitised skin and heat scorched her inner thighs, making her restless and impatient for more. She moaned as he cupped the fullness of her aching breast, his thumb teasing her nipple into an even harder peak and she lost the ability to breathe.
Louis savoured the feel of her ultra-soft skin, memorising every inch of her with his fingers and tongue. He’d never envisioned it would be like this, the hunger, the passion, the all-consuming need to possess her, nor the unrelenting ache in his groin. He was so aroused he thought he’d burst if he didn’t bury himself in her soon.
Lilia weaved her fingers through his hair, tugging at the long strands before letting it slip from her fingers so that she could continue her exploration. Her hands swirled a tantalising caress down his back to his narrow waist before sliding up his sides using only the ends of her finger nails to inflame him further. A shudder rippled up his legs and spread over his body as a growl rumbled in his throat and she smiled with satisfaction and deepened her kiss.
Louis’s hands slid from her waist to the curve of her round, firm bottom, then cupping both luscious globes in the palms of his hands he eased her body closer to his so that she could feel the thick, hard evidence of his desire against the softness of her stomach. She looked at him with a mixture of excitement and trepidation. He was at a loss as to why such a combination would excite him so, but it did. He swept her into his arms, carried her to the blazing fire, his heated gaze holding hers, and then effortlessly brought them down onto the rug.  



Chapter 27
They lay wrapped in each other’s arms, their hands exploring as they fed the flames of their desire with burning kisses. Louis pulled away first, his dark, hungry gaze lingering on her bottom lip for a moment before capturing her gaze. 
“I love your mouth,” he murmured as he bent his head to caress her lower lip with a leisurely lap of his tongue, then he reached across her to toy with a strand of silken hair at her shoulder, easing her back onto the rug as he did so. “And your hair,” 
He lowered his head so that he could nuzzle the hollow of her shoulder, trailing hot, tantalising kisses from her neck to the swell of her breast, his hand drifting up her narrow waist to cup her breast. “Your skin is so soft and warm that I can’t resist touching you,” he said huskily then lapped at her hardened nipple before indulging himself further. He suckled her breast in a leisurely foray savouring the exquisite texture of her with both his tongue and hands, smiling inwardly as she arched her back to offer him more. 
Lilia lost the ability to speak the moment his tongue swept across her sensitive nipple, lapping and swirling, the sensation making her hot and wet between her thighs. She arched her back, holding on to his shoulders to anchor herself to him as he took the fullness of her into his hot, moist mouth and suckled. The sensation was so erotic she wanted to scream with pleasure. 
He kissed his way back up to her throat as his hand shackled her wrist in a light embrace, then he slowly brought it from his shoulder to his chest. He wanted her to know the effect she had on him, wanted her to know that he was out of control and that it was she and she alone who was capable of doing such a thing to him. 
He guided her hand in a slow, tormenting journey south. He felt her tense as she realised his intention, but he was unable to stop. Her hand brushed the satin smooth head of his cock and he gasped in anticipation, unfortunately she used the momentary loss of pressure to pull her hand free.
She wasn’t a tease and would hate for him to think that she was, hell she wanted him as much as he wanted her, but she’d never been with a man before and Louis was not an ordinary man, especially in that department. She held his gaze and although his eyes were dark with desire there was a trace of amusement in them too. She smiled shyly. “I’ve never been intimate with anyone before,” she said lamely as way of an apology.
“Nor I.” Louis said as he trailed kisses along her shoulder and down her arm then brought his head up so that she could see the truth in his eyes.
Lilia huffed incredulously, finding it hard to believe that someone as gorgeous as Louis had never been intimate with anyone. Then again, it was forbidden for him to indulge in such matters, so perhaps it was true. She pushed the notion away. 
Determined not to let her inexperience get the better of her she let her gaze drift down his body until it came to rest on the long, hard length of him, the long, hard, thick length of him to be precise. Her eyes widened.
“I’m not being funny, but that’s not coming anywhere near me. It’s too big.” She laughed nervously yet was unable to take her eyes off it.  
Louis smiled with male satisfaction as he rubbed his ever-hardening erection against her thigh. “Relax Lilia and trust me, I won’t hurt you” he reassured yet his voice was husky with desire, then he leaned over her, his hand leaving the warmth of her breast to drift down her flat stomach. His fingers swirled a tantalising caress around her belly button before coming to rest a mere inch from her most guarded treasure.  
Flames lapped at her skin as his hand slid possessively over her stomach, such a slow, sensual exploration that she shuddered in anticipation, arousing her to such a degree she thought she’d go up in flames if she got any hotter. 
She could feel the heat of his hand on her stomach yet it wasn’t nearly as hot as the heat radiating from his cock and although she was grateful that it was still just rubbing against her thigh and not trying to impale her she was conscious of where his hand was. But his tongue was so masterful it swept away her inhibitions; her body becoming pliant and of its own accord began to move restlessly beneath his hand.
Louis’s hand slid lower; soft curls teasing his palm, his fingers finding moist heat as he ran them down her cleft and he gasped as her body bucked beneath him. She was so hot and slick with desire he groaned into her mouth, the vibration passing from him all the way down to her pulsing core. His fingers were bathed in creamy invitation as he caressed her delicate folds. He slipped his finger into her hot, tight sheath, stretching and probing. 
He could feel the thin barrier of her innocence against the tip of his finger and relished the fact that she was giving herself to him, only him, and for that he would always cherish her, always be a part of her, as she would always be a part of him. 
Lilia caught her breath as his fingers slipped between her legs, stroking, caressing, teasing the ultra-sensitive folds and using the slick, moisture to massage her sensitive hood. She wanted to scream with pleasure as her body writhed beneath him, bathing his fingers in liquid heat. A finger slid inside her, pushing, probing, stretching her tight muscles as it pushed deeper. Gliding quickly in then slowly out, creating a sensual rhythm that made her core throb as wave after wave of pleasure washed through her.
Louis trailed warm, moist kisses from her chin to the swell of her breast, his tongue swirling a velvet caress over her nipple before taking the offering into the warmth of his mouth and giving it the attention it so rightly deserved. He slid further down her body, rubbing himself against her hot satin skin, his hands exploring her body inch by inch. 
He dropped lower, nuzzling her legs with his face, kissing and nipping as his hands massaged her inner thighs. Then, regardless of her slight resistance he pulled her legs apart to gain access to the slick invitation beckoning him with intent, he dipped his head and inhale the essence of her desire. 
Cupping the round globes of her bottom in his hands he pulled her to him. He lapped at the moisture there, teasing the delicate folds apart to gain access to the little bud that hungered for his touch. His tongue throbbed against her, suckling and flicking until she writhed beneath him. Stiffening his tongue he plunged into her tight, hot channel, thrusting over and over then returned to her sensitive bud, lavishing long, deep, pulsing strokes until she screamed for release. He looked up to capture her reaction, the flush of her skin, her tight erect nipples and the look of rapture on her beautiful face, wanting to burn the image onto his soul for all time. 
He thrust two fingers into her and gasped, as did she; searching for that little sensitive spot that would take her over the edge of her control. “Let go, Lilia, I’ll catch you,” he murmured as he resumed his assault, this time using the flat of his tongue to make her writhe and buck beneath him. 
Lilia whispered his name breathlessly as the most heart stopping rush of pleasure consumed her. Never in her wildest dreams had she envisioned it would be like this and she found herself lost in a world of the sheer ecstasy. 
Smiling with male satisfaction he kissed his way back up her body, lapping at the hard peak of her nipple, his knee easing her legs further apart so that he could lie between them. He closed his eyes in anticipation, but as soon as he did a wave of trepidation washed through him with the force of a tidal wave. Not only was he deluding himself he was deluding her, too. She wouldn’t be giving herself to him without reservation if she knew who he truly was. 
He raised his head and tried to swallow the lump in his throat that was threatening to choke him, ashamed he couldn’t hold her gaze. “Lilia, there’s something you should know, about the darkness in me, about whom…” 
But before he could continue she reached up and placed her finger against his lips. “Louis, nothing you could say would change how I feel about you,” she said with absolute conviction, “nothing at all.” She smiled at him reassuringly as his gaze drifted back to hers. “I’ve been waiting for this moment, for you, all my life and I won’t let anything, and I do mean anything, stand between us.” She reached up and circled his neck with her arms, her smouldering gaze held his as she pulled him down for a kiss.
He was humbled by her unconditional acceptance of him, but he shouldn’t have been surprised, for she and she alone took away his terrible loneliness, diminished the darkness that shadowed his soul and brought joy to his bleak existence. Not to mention that the heat of her sweet, intoxicating kisses could make him lose all train of thought, could banish all his inhibitions and drive him crazy with wanting her.  
The broad head of his erection slid over her throbbing cleft and pressed against her hot, slick entrance. Conscious of his size he eased his way into her tight, hot channel inch by tormenting inch until his sensitised head pressed against the thin barrier of her innocence. He raised his head, his dark, smouldering gaze burned into her. “Are you okay,” he asked in a voice thick with desire. 
“Yes,” she replied breathlessly, her body tensing in anticipation. 
“Relax, Lilia. I don’t want to hurt you.”
She could feel him; velvet encased steal, pushing into her, stretching her. Her breathing stilled, nervous that she’d be unable to accommodate him, her body on the other hand had no such reservations. Her hips shifted beneath him, arching up to him, wanting more, wanting all of him. She moved in blatant invitation, enticing him to enter her completely. “You won’t,” she murmured as she reached up to kiss him.
 He lowered his head capturing her mouth as he thrust into her, pushing through the tight, ultra-soft folds to bury himself deep inside her, plunging again and again with powerful strokes. Her nails bit into his shoulders as she anchored herself to him, her hips rising to meet each thrust. He reached down and pulled her legs up. “Wrap your legs around me,” he commanded breathlessly, his hands pulling her closer, holding her still as he buried himself deep. 
Each stroke had her gasping for breath as her muscles tightened around him like a velvet fist, the sensation sending tiny shock waves through her pulsing core and her body demanded more. She arched into him, her head back, her breasts pressing against him with each powerful thrust as wave upon wave of erotic pleasure engulfed her. “Louis!” 
A growl rumbled in his throat at the sound of his name and he plunged deeper still, wanting to bury himself so that he would always be a part of her. The intensity of his lovemaking inflamed her further and she matched him thrust for thrust as electricity raced through her. Lightning streaked through him into her, consuming them both. 
A passion filled roar escaped his very soul and he came, spilling his seed deep inside her as he was swept away on a wave of pure ecstasy, the sound of her sensual cries adding to his rapture.	
Her orgasm was so intense, so incredibly overwhelming that she lost all sense of reality as she was caught up in a whirlwind of sweet sensation. A kaleidoscope of colour burst behind her eyes as aftershock after aftershock rippled through her. Her hot, slick channel pulsed and clenched, refusing to relinquish her hold on him as she gasped for breath. 
Mindful of his weight, Louis rolled onto his side taking her with him as he went and there they lay, arms wrapped tightly around each other as their hearts pounded to the same rhythm. 
He nuzzled her face as he feathered kisses across her forehead to the tip of her nose. “Are you okay,” he asked breathlessly.
She smiled and opened her eyes. “Um,” she murmured snuggling against his chest. “At least I will be if my heart doesn’t explode.” Louis laughed and the vibration sent tiny aftershocks through her sensitive core, causing her muscles to tighten around his surprisingly hard shaft.  
“I wish we could stay like this forever,” he said and his hips pressed into her with slow, languid strokes that rekindled the embers of his hunger. He wanted her again, could never get enough of her and, despite her passive state there was no denying her need of him, for each slow, tantalising thrust was encouraged with a clasp of moist, hot velvet. He rolled onto his back pulling her on top of him and surged into her.
Lilia pushed herself up so that she could straddle him, her hips moving in the same slow rhythm as his and if it were at all possible he felt even bigger in this position, but she wasn’t complaining. She began to ride him, tentatively at first then seeing the reaction her sensual moves were having on him, increased the intensity, grinding her hips, rising slowly then pushing down hard. 
Each thrust of her hips had him gasping for breath. She gripped his pulsing cock with such exquisite precision he thought he might die from the pleasure of it. He rubbed his hands up her thighs then seized her hips as he thrust into her, deep, powerful strokes that had her arching her back in order to accommodate him. He held her gaze wanting her to see what she did to him, how she drove him crazy with wanting her. But more than anything, he wanted her to see how much she meant to him and now that he’d committed himself to her, he would never, ever, give her up.
The stark possession in his hungry gaze added to the intensity of their lovemaking. She had no inhibitions with Louis and that in itself was testament to the depths of her feelings for him. She smiled as she leaned forward, letting her body show him how much she loved him.
Louis wrapped his arms around her and rolled her onto her back. Lying between her legs he used his arms to hold his weight as he pushed himself up so that he could look at the perfection of her body and how erotic it was to see their bodies coming together as one. “Never in all my existence have I seen a sight more beautiful.” 
Lilia circled his neck with her hands and pulled him back down so that she could kiss that look right off his face.
He loved her mouth, her tongue, her ability to drive him crazy with a kiss. Desire rumbled deep in his throat as he stood, taking her with him, then moved with blurring speed to the master bedroom. He practically threw her onto the bed then crawled up her body inch by slow inch, rubbing himself against her as he went. Sure hands pushed her legs apart so that he could lie between them and rub the head of his fierce erection against her slick core. He thrust into her, his hips relentlessly pounding. 
The ferocity of their lovemaking and the knowledge that it was she and she alone who could make him lose control was highly erotic and that easy she came.
Her finger’s bit into his shoulders to anchor her as wave upon wave of sexually charged electricity washed through her. Her velvet interior gripped the thick, hard, length of him as he thrust again and again, the friction taking her orgasm to whole new level. 
“Louis,” she panted over and over, her body shuddering with pleasure as she clung to him.
His pace quickened, plunged deeper, the building pleasure consuming him and he reared back with powerful thrusts, a hoarse cry was torn from his soul as he spilled his seed into her. He collapsed on top of her, momentarily unable to move or breathe. Then, realising his error he rolled onto his back and pulled her limp body against his side, sheltering her on his shoulder as they fought for air.
Lilia was the first to recover, but only just. “I think I had a multiple orgasm,” she murmured blissfully, hugging him to her.
Louis laughed as he pressed a kiss against her forehead. “I can assure you it is the first of many, as I intend to spend the rest of the night making love to you,” he said confidently, his voice a mixture of pure male satisfaction and black magic seduction.
And that’s precisely what they did, sometimes wild and frenzied, sometimes a slow exploration of the senses and when they weren’t making love they simply lay wrapped in each other’s arms, talking. And, although Louis had never felt such peace or happiness he was still reluctant to reveal who his father was. 
Lilia purred contentedly; she’d never been so happy, happy and thoroughly, thoroughly loved. She nuzzled his chest and waited for him to tell her what was on his mind. Oh he’d confided in her, yet there was something he wasn’t telling her, something he thought she wouldn’t be able to accept, but he was wrong.
She rolled onto her stomach and pushed herself up onto her elbows so that she could hold his gaze, wanting him to know that her love was unconditional. “What is it that you’re not telling me, Louis?” She shuddered as his hand drifted down the length of her back so that he could caress her bottom, but she refused to let him distract her. “Because nothing could change the way I feel about you, you know that, don’t you?”
 “Okay, but there is no easy way to tell you this.” His smile didn’t quite reach his eyes.  “And please, keep in mind, that everything you’ve been led to believe is untrue.”
“I will,” she said eagerly, knowing he was on the verge of telling her his most guarded secret. “Please Louis, the suspense is killing me.”
He gave a mirthless laugh. “No, but the shock just might.”
“Louis if I was the kind of girl who’d die of shock I’d be dead already,” she replied pragmatically, shaking her head in exasperation. “Just tell me.”
Louis dragged a calming breath into his lungs. “I am the son of Aqueous,” he said solemnly then laughed at her befuddled expression, though he hadn’t really expected her to know whom he meant. “You probably refer to him as the Devil.” He held her gaze expecting to see fear in her eyes, condemnation at least. 
Lilia should have been shocked by his revelation, more than shocked, petrified, instead she smiled and then laughed. “Trust me to fall in love with the son of the Devil.” She reached up to kiss his chin as her fingers swept through his hair. “I can’t feel your horns,” she teased.
He brought her hand to his mouth and pressed a kiss into the very centre of her palm then lowered it to his chest so that she could feel his heart’s elevated beat. “You’re not afraid?”
“No silly, of course I’m not. How could I be?” Twice he’d saved her. Twice. And, from the most horrific deaths imaginable. First when he’d stopped Ramon from doing whatever the Machiavellian bastard had planned for her, the second when she’d fallen from the roof. The thought alone made her shudder. And, it wasn’t only gratitude she felt for him, but a deep sense of belonging. “And anyway, just because your dad’s the Devil, doesn’t mean you’re evil, too.” 
Her unconditional acceptance of him was humbling and although he felt a tremendous sense of relief at having told her, he still felt the need to explain. “He isn’t evil, though, that’s the greatest misconception of all. Oh, don’t get me wrong, he has a dark side and rules Hell with an iron fist and a cold heart, but he is not who you believe him to be.”
“So, tell me who he really is.” Surely the Devil wasn’t as bad as everyone made out, or he wouldn’t have produced such a perfect son. Maybe her reasoning was shallow, but she’d already committed herself, so, as far as she was concerned, Louis being the son of the devil didn’t change a thing. 
“My father was the first of God’s creations, his first son as it were, and as such was held in high esteem by God’s heavenly court. Unfortunately he was also the first to take a human wife.” Louis couldn’t help remembering the times he’d accused his father of being weak. 
“And although there were many who’d committed the same act, it was my father who bore the brunt of God’s wrath. Some say it was because he not only took a daughter of man as a wife, but in his defence he accused God of being indifferent. He also had the audacity to suggest that, having spent a great deal of time observing the human race that he knew more about human nature than God. He even went so far as to suggest that if God were to go to earth and live amongst them as he had, then God would see that neither he nor the multitude of other angels, ever intended to interfere with God’s plan, but had truly fallen in love with the daughters of man whom they’d taken as wives.” 
He was his father’s son, alright. 
Louis heaved a heavy sigh “He was thrown from the gates of Heaven and cast into the wilderness with no hope of redemption. No hope of ever seeing God or Heaven again.” He bent his head to kiss her before continuing. “A long time later, after God incarnate had also walked the earth, God summoned my father to Heaven.”
“Had He forgiven him?” 
“To some extent. Yes.”
“So what happened then?”
“I see patience is not one of your virtues,” he said squeezing the firm, round globe of her bottom with his hand.
“Never said it was,” she said, wiggling her bottom in an attempt to dislodge his hand.
He was tempted to smack it in retaliation, but feared where it might lead, instead he took a calming breath and tried to collect his thoughts. He couldn’t go into detail about why God had forgiven his father, damn he’d divulged so much already and he wasn’t about to reveal that particular secret to anyone. But he needed Lilia to understand that his father wasn’t the evil being everyone thought he was.   
“Let’s just say that an understanding was reached on certain issues, but not all.” Lilia yawned then snuggled into him further, resting her chin on his chest and sent him a warm, reassuring smile. He smiled down at her as his arm tightened around her. “Let me get to the point,” he said as he bent his head to kiss her.
“Although God had forgiven him for taking a human wife there was still the matter of my father’s insolence that needed to be addressed, a fitting punishment as it were, for insulting God as he had. Now at the time, Hell didn’t exist, well not in the true sense of the word anyway, but that was about to change. You see, during the short time God spent on earth He learned that man didn’t blame Him for the death and violence or the hunger and pain, for as primitive as they were, they understood that each man was responsible for his own actions. They did, however, hold God responsible for punishing those who had committed such acts and in turn they had envisioned a place of dark retribution and had called it Hell. They had also envisioned a Heaven, though at the time no human souls had ever been granted access.” 
A frown shadowed Lilia’s brow. “Where did the human souls go to before they were allowed into Heaven?”
“Let’s not get weighed down with the finer details. You need to get some rest, so to cut a long story short. God created Hell, a place where those who had sinned against God and their fellow man were punished. And as punishment for my father’s insolence he was given the monumental task of administering such punishments. He was to govern Hell as he saw fit, using whatever means necessary to purify the souls of those who had committed such crimes against humanity. And, although he is stringent in administering such punishments, and quite indifferent to their pleas for mercy, he is not and never was responsible for the crimes of the sinners in his domain. They alone are responsible.”
“Then why is he always portrayed as the bad guy?” Lilia asked yet there was no condemnation in her tone just a need to understand.
“Because it is easier to blame someone else than take responsibility for one’s actions and my father being the rebel that he is, has been blamed for every despicable act ever committed. Not that it in any way bothers him. It bothers me, though, that he should be thought of in such a way.”
She kissed him on the chest before raising her head to capture his gaze. “Thank you for trusting me enough to tell me about your father, Louis.”
“I have another confession, one you will find hard to accept.” 
A frown shadowed her brow. “What is it?”
“I too, spent a great deal of time in Hell, administering punishment to the needy. Ramon’s in particular, and although he suffered more than most, not once did he show any remorse or seek forgiveness. He did however, managed to get inside my head.” Louis didn’t want to go into detail about the darkness that had seeped from Ramon into him, so he cut to the chase. 
“After which, it was decided that I should take a leave of absence, a break as it were, from the never ending misery.” He held her gaze. “And it was during this absence that Ramon escaped and went on to murder a great many people. Gina being one of them. So, for all intents and purposes, my failings led to her death.” He dropped his gaze in shame.
Lilia reached up and kissed him, her eyes full of concern. “Needing to get away from… there, is not a failing, Louis, it’s a survival instinct. I caught the images in your mind. The things he and you went through together, the changes in you. No Louis, you had to leave for your own salvation.” She hugged him. “And how many times have you told me that I’m not responsible for Ramon’s actions. That I should not blame myself for Gina’s death because Ramon was to blame and no one else.” She kissed his lips. You have nothing to feel guilty about.” 
He took a shuddering breath, relief flooding him. “Thank you, for being the miracle that you are,” he said squeezing her as hard as he could without hurting her.
She snuggled into him, her head resting on the cushion of his chest. “What will happen when they find out about us?” 
“I don’t know,” he replied truthfully. “But let’s not worry about that now, you need to get some sleep.”  She reached up and kissed his chin then snuggled back against his chest and closed her eyes. 


Chapter 28
The smell of freshly made toast roused Lilia from her sleep and she opened her eyes to find Louis standing beside the bed with a tray in his hands. She pushed herself up into a sitting position so that he could lay the tray across her lap. There was a plate stacked with toast, two little dishes, one contained butter, the other jam, a glass of juice, an unknown single white flower and to her delight a small bar of chocolate. She smiled and reached for the chocolate, but Louis got to it first.
“That’s for after’s,” he said shaking his head.
She could think of something far tastier for after’s and just the thought of it brought colour to her cheeks. She was insatiable where Louis was concerned. “Aren’t you having anything?” 
He smiled. “Not just yet.”
Lilia couldn’t remember ever having seen him eat and wasn’t sure if he needed to or not. “So you do eat, then?”
“Only you,” he said and this time he was unable to contain the wolfish smile from forming. He found it endearing that, despite having spent the whole night making love to him her face blushed at his remark. 
She ate three of the six slices of toast, all of them with a thick layer of jam, then drank the juice in a single draft before turning her attention back to Louis. “What do you want to do today,” she asked merrily trying not to sound like it was a blatant invitation.
Louis bit the inside of his lip to stop himself from smiling, but he had no such control over his eyebrow and although it only rose slightly both of hers rose in reprimand. “Your wish is my command,” he said silkily.
She smiled at him then. “Let's go walking, maybe take a tour around the lake,” she said as she flung the sheet off of her and suddenly realised that she was completely naked. She quickly wrapped the sheet around her like a sarong and gave Louis, who was finding it increasingly difficult to remain calm, her best haughty expression. “I am going to need some clothes.”
Without taking his eyes from her a complete outfit materialise on the bed, right down to a pair of bright red walking boots. She gathered the clothes in her arms, picked up the boots then reached up to kiss him on the cheek. “Thank you,” she said then scurried to the bathroom. “Don’t let me forget to ring my mum,” she shouted before closing the bathroom door.
He was glad that she was awake, just seeing her beautiful, happy face was enough to chase away the gloom that had descended on him the moment she’d fallen asleep. Until then he hadn’t given much thought to the consequences of his actions. He’d been so out of control, which wasn’t surprising, as Lilia made him lose all good sense, but the fact still remained that he’d committed an unpardonable sin. He was deluded in thinking that his actions had gone unnoticed because surely if they knew, he’d already be before God’s Heavenly court. 
When Lilia had changed she rang her mother, made her excuse’s and said she’d catch up with them all later. Excited to be spending the day with Louis she went down stairs to find him.



Louis was refuelling the fire for their return when the moment he’d been dreading came. 
   Louis! 
His father’s melodious voice pierced his mind. A summons he ordinarily would have answered immediately, but he couldn’t just up and leave without telling Lilia. Who knew if he would ever get the chance to see her again? He felt physically sick at the thought, but he had to stay focused if only for her sake. 
Lilia found him standing by the fire, his expression troubled to say the least. She stood before him and took his hand in hers. “What’s wrong?” 
He raised her hand to his mouth and kissed her fingers, his smile slow in coming. 
“I’m sorry Lilia, I have to go.”
His voice was so raw with emotion that her chin quivered in response. “Where to?” she asked, although deep down she already knew and if the truth be told, she was afraid, not for her, for him.
Louis didn’t answer, instead he lowered his head and pressed a warm kiss against her forehead. “Would you like me to take you back to the hotel?”
“No! I want to go with you,” she said as a single tear rolled down her cheek.
“I can’t take you with me,” he said releasing her hand to brush away the tear with his thumb.
She grabbed hold of his hand again. “Then don’t go,” she pleaded, “stay here with me. Please.” 
She was tearing his heart apart, but Louis didn’t have a choice, he had to go. He wanted to take her in his arms and hold her just one last time, but he’d kept his father waiting long enough. The pain in his eyes belied his reassuring smile. “If I don’t return,” Lilia’s heart wrenching sob tore his soul to pieces and he had to swallow the lump in his throat before he could continue. “If I don’t return, go back to the hotel and wait for Leon to contact you, but don’t leave it until it goes dark,” he said with feigned calmness.
Another uncontrollable sob rocked her yet she managed to hold the tears at bay. “I will,” she said with a smile, when what she really wanted to do was cry.  
Would you rather I came to you? 
Louis bristled at the warning in his father’s tone, but it would do him no good to antagonise him further. 
Unable to resist he lowered his head and kissed her tenderly on the lips, savouring the sweet taste, then he vanished. 
Lilia’s fingers came up to her lips, she could still feel his touch and she pressed his kiss against her trembling mouth, but she couldn’t hope to contain the flood of tears any longer. She ran back upstairs and threw herself onto the bed, buried her face in the pillow and wept inconsolably. 

Louis threw open the colossal double doors of his father’s study; anger having replaced sorrow the moment he came through Hell’s gate. He loped across the floor to his father who was leaning against an elevated slab of black granite which served as his desk. 
Aqueous sat on the edge of the desk with his legs stretched out before him, his arms folded across his chest and, despite the dire situation his expression was serene. He wore a dark blue, three-piece suit, the top button of his light-blue cotton shirt was open and his tie had been loosened at the neck.
He was as handsome as Louis, perhaps even more so and at least six inches taller, but were Louis wore his hair long, Aqueous’ was closely cropped, their eyes, however, were both as dark as the midnight sky. 
“Did you really think that we wouldn’t find out?” Aqueous shook his head yet there was genuine concern in his eyes. 
There was no point being angry with his father when he’d known from the beginning, from the very first moment he’d laid eyes on her, actually, that he was heading for a fall, but knowing didn’t make it any the easier.
“It crossed my mind, briefly, but I’ll admit, my thoughts were only of her,” Louis replied honestly.
“It crossed your mind!” Aqueous roared, then drew a deep calming breath in an attempt to regain his composure. Louis’s flippant attitude was as infuriating as, well, Hell. “Well you’d better clear your mind of all distraction because He wants to see you.”
“You’ve talked?”
“Briefly.” Aqueous had no intention of telling Louis what had been discussed. It would do him good to agonize over his fate a little longer. “Now go, don’t keep Him waiting.”
Louis bowed his head respectfully then turned toward the door, stopped and turned back around. “Tell me father, for all you have suffered, your desolation, your isolation from God, was she worth it?”
A faint smile teased the hard edge of Aqueous’ mouth as he regarded his son and with barely a moment’s hesitation he answered. “Yes.” 
Louis had the sense not to smile, instead he bowed his head once again then turned swiftly and walked out of his father’s den, closing the doors behind him.

                                                     
Lilia’s face was buried in her pillow and although her tears had momentarily subsided her body was still racked with sobs. It hadn’t help matters that Louis’s scent was all over her pillow. She didn’t know what to do or who to turn to and for the first time in her life she felt totally alone. She wanted to cry to the Heavens, but feared it might make matters worse. Her soul had no such inhibitions, though, urging her to reach for the solace God always provided.
Please, Lord. Please, Lord. Please don’t punish him. It wasn’t his fault, it was mine. Please, Lord. I’ll be good, I promise. Please don’t punish him. 
More than anything she wanted to ask God to send him back to her yet feared angering Him further, so she continued to plead for God’s forgiveness. She was crying again, her sorrow so consuming that it swallowed her up and made her feel like she had nothing to live for. The thought made her cry harder still, but she continued to pray. Please, Lord. I am sorry. Please don’t punish him.
Lilia stifled a sob, straining to hear. She thought she’d heard something. Yes, there it was again, the groan of seasoned wood under heavy tread. She sprang from the bed and dashed across the room. Thank you, God. Thank you, thank you. Thank you. She pulled open the bedroom door and her legs went from under her, as Ramon, face contorted in a malevolent grimace, seized her by the throat and pulled her against his cold, hard body. Her scream was swallowed by the dark, inky void. 

On closing the doors to his father’s study Louis found himself on a deserted beach. He looked in all directions yet saw no sign of God. He took off in the direction of the setting sun. God often spent time on earth, mainly on small remote islands such as this and if Louis was right he was somewhere in the middle of the Indian Ocean, but he couldn’t say for sure.
He wandered along the beach for a mile or two, passed a number of small children playing in the surf then walked for a little while longer before coming to a small beach side café that was practically hidden amongst the trees. And there, sitting at a table near the water’s edge was God incarnate.
Louis inhaled a long, calming breath before making his way over to where God sat. He had no idea what he was going to say in his defence because in truth, there was no defending his actions. He’d known from the start that what he was doing was wrong and he’d carried on regardless of the consequences. The problem was, he had no intention of apologising because he wasn’t sorry, how could he be sorry when nothing had ever felt so right. Lilia had brought light to his darkness. She’d awakened in him emotions that had long been forgotten, if ever known and more than anything she filled his bleak existence with love and happiness. He would rather suffer for the rest of eternity than apologies for loving her. 
But deep down Louis was relying largely on the fact that God had always had a special fondness for him, more than likely because of his father. Whatever the case, God’s affection was his only hope.
At first God appeared not to notice Louis’s approach, apparently absorbed in the novel He was reading, but Louis wasn’t fooled by God’s casual demeanour. Yet he had to admire the ease in which God blended into his earthly surroundings. He wore a pair of faded blue jeans which were rolled up to His shins so that the incoming tide could bathe his bare feet. The sleeves of His crisp, white cotton shirt were meticulously folded back to the elbows and the collar was left partially unbuttoned at the neck. His wavy, sand-blond hair was casually swept out of his cerulean blue eyes and although there was no doubting His masculinity, He was profoundly beautiful. 
“Lord.”
God looked up as if only just realising that Louis was there. “Ah, Louis, so good of you to come,” God said slipping a single white feather between the pages of his book then closed it and rested it on his lap. 
Now ordinarily in a situation as fraught as this those words would have sounded sarcastic, however, God’s voice was the most hypnotic, compelling sound Louis had ever heard, the soft  melodious tone so pure it cleansed the soul. Louis also knew that God would consider such irony beneath Him, so he merely bowed his head once in response. 
God regarded Louis for a moment then gestured for him to take a seat. “Sit.”
Louis pulled out a chair, brushed a dusting of sand from the seat and sat down across the table from God. He thought it best to let God say what He had to say before he offered up his feeble excuses. 
God placed the book onto the table before him. “Do you read modern literature?”	
Louis’s gaze drifted over the cover of the book and was surprised to find it was John Connolly’s, ‘The Wrath of Angels’. “No, Lord.” 
God glanced at the cover. “Not my favourite in the series yet still entertaining and dare I admit a source of escapism from the current dilemma we find ourselves in.” God’s chest rose ever so slightly. “Lilia’s been praying so fervently, on your behalf, I might add, that for the first time in her existence I have closed the path of communication between us.” He failed to mention that He had done so because He found her heart wrenching pleas unbearable.
Louis bristled in his seat at the thought of Lilia being distraught because of him and then he realised what God had said, yet was wise enough not to comment. God seemed affable enough, but it didn’t do to interrupt Him.
“So, Louis, what do you have to say in defence of your actions?” 
Louis looked away sheepishly as he took a deep, calming breath then recaptured God’s gaze. “Lord, I can offer you no justification for my actions, nor do I wish to insult you by trying to defend them, but I can assure you that my initial intentions were strictly honourable.” 
“Ramon, the demon who escaped has some sort of sick infatuation with her, and I truly feared for her life, her soul to be precise.” To his credit Louis ignored God’s slightly raised brow and continued. “And being solely responsible for Ramon’s escape I felt compelled to protect her.”
“If that is so, why did you allow her to risk her life, which in turn lead to you giving her your blood?” God wasn’t being pretentious he just couldn’t understand why Louis had allowed her to risk her life in such a way. And, as a consequence, had to supply her with his blood, which, at this very moment, was coursing through her veins and altering her biological chemistry as it went. 
The tip of Louis’s tongue slid out and curled his bottom lip between his teeth, releasing it slowly through clenched teeth as he inhaled a long, deep breath. He didn’t need reminding. He shook his head inwardly, if only she had kept her promise? But he had no intention of casting aspersions on Lilia. Though, it did give him pause for thought. God had already mentioned a path of communication He shared with Lilia and Louis had no reason to doubt Him, but if that were the case, then God had known of his relationship with Lilia from the very beginning. He was intrigued as to why God hadn’t intervened sooner.
“Well,” God prompted mildly.
“Lord, I can offer no excuse. I was responsible for her wellbeing and therefore should have ensured that she was protected at all times.” Just the thought of Lilia falling from the roof made his stomach convulse and it took him a moment or two to ease the vice like tension crushing his chest. 
God sent him a warm, knowing smile. “Lilia can be quite infuriating, can she not?” God said and there was no condemnation in His tone, just a slight trace of amusement. “She is and always will be tenacious.”
Louis’s chest tightened further. She was also a professional killer. “Lord, she is also extremely compassionate.” He saw no reason to mention what Lilia had said about her relationship with God because the idea still sounded preposterous. “And, yes, she’s committed many sins, but she truly believes her actions were justifiable,” 
Louis felt a slight glimmer of hope at the look of contemplation on God’s face. “Lilia isn’t a cold-blooded killer, Lord, she believes she is helping rid the world of evil and in doing so will ease the suffering of the innocent. Lord, she is a good person and of pure spirit.” Louis held God’s gaze imploringly. 
God’s brow rose ever so slightly yet there was still the trace of a smile on His face. “I’m well aware of her beliefs, Louis, and her idiosyncrasies, it’s yours that are under scrutiny.”  God replied without censure, yet shook His head in exasperation. “You know that I cannot allow such a transgressions to go unpunished?” 
Louis nodded his head, his gaze falling to the sand, missing the smile on God’s face.
“So, for blatantly disregarding the laws of the Universe, you will spend the rest of Lilia’s life; which has increased immeasurably due to your interference, as her husband. You will continue to perform your current duties as well as assist her in all her endeavours. Her health and happiness are your only concern. Do I make myself clear?”
Louis couldn’t contain his joy or his relief and barely managed to stop himself from jumping out of his seat to embrace God. “Yes, Lord and thank you for your leniency. I swear that I won’t let either of you down again.” 
God picked the book up from the table and opened it, then turned back to Louis. “Was there something else?”
“No, Lord,” Louis said standing quickly.
“Go then and remember this; Lilia is as precious to me as she is to you.” 
“Always, Lord.” Louis bowed his head then turned and walked back in the direction in which he’d come, his expression confused, yet ecstatic all the same.



Chapter 29
Lilia was roused by the searing pain radiating up her arms to her wrists and she opened her eyes to complete darkness and a silence so deafening her ears rang. Gritting her teeth against the pain she shifted, trying to release the tension from her arms, but there was no give in her restraints. Hardly surprising, as she’d been strung, like a carcass of meat, from a heavy chain above her head. The fact that her feet were unbound offered little comfort, for the cold, hard floor had rendered them numb and unresponsive. 
  She tugged at the irons, crying out as the metal cuffs bit into raw flesh and inwardly admonished her show of weakness. For there were no delusions this time, no perhaps or maybes. Ramon had snatched her, and it didn’t bode well that he had done so unopposed. 
Dragging a ragged breath in to her lungs she tried to ignore the fact that she’d been stripped down to her underwear. 
Her eyes searched the darkness in vain, her ears barely catching the fierce storm outside over the pounding of her heart. Gritting her teeth against the pain she reached up and grasped the cold metal chains in her hands then pulled as hard as she could. There was a slight creak but the chain held fast. Still holding on to the chain she raised numb legs off of the floor to give her added weight, but still nothing budged. 
She found her feet again and even though her eyes were adjusting to the dark it still wasn’t enough to pierce the gloom that surrounded her. She closed her eyes and let her senses take over yet could still hear nothing but the raging wind. She dragged a long, calming breath into her lungs and fought the urge to cry, for not only could Louis not come to her rescue, but God had forsaken her, too. 
She pulled on the chains again in despair and would have taken comfort from the amount of plaster falling from above if it hadn’t been for the snigger behind her. She swallowed the whimper that fought for release, not wanting to give Ramon the satisfaction of knowing how afraid she was. 
Louis!  

Louis had barely materialised when Ramon’s foul stench assailed him. He stood motionless, eyes turning from blue to black. His senses drifted through the cabin, collecting every nuance of information, absorbing the lingering energy from the atmosphere in order to replay the events leading up to Lilia’s abduction.  Rage swept through him and with such force his whole body convulsed with the strength of it and he threw back his head and roared with hatred. The sound raw and so full of fury that it shattered the windows and cracked the glass in the huge sliding doors. 
It took him a moment to regain control of the beast within him that fought for release, but he had no intention of leashing it, in fact he was relishing the thought of releasing it on Ramon. Dragging a deep, calming breath into his lungs he reached out on the intimate path of communication they shared. 
Lilia!  His voice was reassuringly calm in spite of the rage building with each passing second. Her failure to respond only added to his rising fury, until he wanted to scream to the heavens.  
Leon appeared, his face a stone cold expressionless mask as he retrieved the information from Louis’s mind and although he had many questions, now wasn’t the time to ask. “He couldn’t have taken her far,” Leon said, knowing Ramon couldn’t vanish into thin air if he had Lilia with him.  
“Far enough, and if he keeps modifying the cloaking shield we have little chance of finding him. Why am I unable to connect with her?” His mind was a whirlwind of chaos and pain at the thought of what Ramon might do. He called out to her again. Lilia! But there was still no reply
Louis drew a long, deep breath in an attempt to clear his thoughts. Leon was right, Ramon couldn’t have taken her far, but what if… Then everything in him stilled as her heart wrenching voice pierced his soul. 
Louis!
Lilia sounded so distraught that the beast within him rose again and this time he let it consume him. He was no longer a celestial being, but the harbinger of death and destruction.
Lilia! He called using their mind connection, but all was quiet now. Lilia! He demanded she answer yet all he could hear was the pounding of his heart.  
Through their connection, Leon had heard the utter desperation in Lilia’s voice and her failure to respond only affirmed his worst suspicions. His heart ached for them both and he reached out and placed his hand on Louis’s shoulder, concern on his face.
Louis shrugged Leon’s hand away. “She’s alive,” he said defensively, pushing his fingers through his hair in agitation. 

The room was suddenly filled with light as row upon row of fluorescent tubes pinged to life, yet she kept her eyes shut tight. Why? Because Ramon was standing so close she could feel the warmth of his breath on her face. She tried to calm the panic within her, only the urge to vomit was so overwhelming she could taste it and deep inside she cried, but she’d be damned if she’d give him the satisfaction of knowing. 
Ramon’s cold, dark gaze drifted over her inch by infuriated inch. He smelled her hair, her face and neck then down the valley between her breasts and lower still. A growl rumbled in his throat as his suspicions were confirmed. She positively reeked of Louis.
He seized the front of her hair and tugged sharply until she was forced to open her eyes. Now, ordinarily the defiance in her eyes would have brought a smile to his face, but not now, not when he was consumed with jealousy. He actually shuddered with suppressed anger. Had Louis, revered amongst his kind, stooped so low that he would violate her in order to get back at him? His gaze drifted slowly over her body and what struck him first was that there were no visible signs on her body to indicate a struggle, for not even the slightest bruise or graze marred the perfection of her skin.
His scowl deepened as he considered why that was. Perhaps Louis had extinguished the fire that burns so fiercely within her or maybe he’d subdued her? No, it couldn’t be that. He dismissed the thought immediately. Why indulge himself without the pleasure of the fight; surely that was the most exhilarating part, well it was as far as he was concerned. And, why, if Louis was acting out of spite did he not leave the evidence of his possession upon her in order to taunt him further? 
Then Ramon’s face became completely expressionless, his eyes cold and flat as he considered the only possible explanation. She had given herself to him. Submitted in order to save herself. He yanked at her hair, pulling her closer so that he could rub his shadowed jaw against her cheek. 
“The hunter, he threatened you?” Ramon asked in a voice laced with menace. Oh, he was intrigued alright, to know what methods the revered Louis had used to subdue her yet the fact that she’d surrendered herself so easily disgusted him. It didn’t for one moment occur to him that such a vile act would be repugnant to a hunter, but then he only had his own depraved standards to go by. 
His grip on her hair was so savage that strands were ripped from their roots, falling like silken threads upon her face as she gritted her teeth against the pain and revulsion of his close proximity. She refused to call out to Louis again, fearing a second failed response would leave her so utterly devastated that she’d lose the will to fight. Oh, she was scared, who wouldn’t be, but she’d rather die than surrender to Ramon.
Ramon tugged at her hair again and she cried out. “What did the hunter do?”
“Nothing,” Lilia screamed defiantly through clenched teeth.
Ramon’s teeth were also clenched as he continued to rub his face against hers, inhaling deeply as he went. “He stole your innocence and yet you say he did nothing.”
His hand tightened in her hair and she was forced to stand on tip toes to ease the pain. She didn’t know how Ramon knew or why her relationship with Louis would anger him. Yet, despite her fear she wanted to rile him further, to anger him to such a degree that he would kill her quickly, a blessing compared to what was coming.	
“He didn’t steal my innocence you pathetic fool, I gave it to him,” she spat the words full of venom, her eyes dark with defiance.	 
The back of Ramon’s hand barely grazed her, yet her lip split like a ripe peach, the pain of which was greatly diminished by that of her nose, but what alarmed her more was the blood gushing down her throat. She coughed and spluttered, thrashing her head as she tried to pull her hair from between his fingers and without conscious thought she called him. Louis! 
Louis had promised that nothing could harm her while she was under his protection, yet here she was, in the hands of the one he’d so vehemently sworn to defend her against. You promised me! 
She trembled violently as Ramon began to lap the blood from her lip.
Lilia! His voice was a warm caress amidst the chaos and pain, and whether imagined or not she took solace from it. 
Lilia!
There was no imagining this time. Louis!  
Hold on. I’m coming. 
He and Leon were already on the move, tiny particles rushing through the air as he followed the weak connection between them. She was hurt and scared and for the first time, totally vulnerable. The chaos in her mind making it difficult to maintain contact, but he would never give up. 
Ramon’s rage intensified, not only because Louis had taken what belonged to him, but because she had wantonly given herself to him. He intended to show her the difference between giving and taking. His hand seized the front of her bra and tore it from her, casting it aside as his hungry gaze devoured her heaving breasts. He lapped once again at the blood pouring from her lip before lowering his head to her tantalising breasts. Her struggling inflamed him further and he fastened his mouth to the succulent offering, his teeth biting down hard on her sensitive nipple as his hand gripped soft flesh. 
She fought as best she could, but his grip on her hair was too tight and the chains that held her, too strong. But worse was to come, she knew it and no sooner had the thought crossed her mind did his teeth bite and she couldn’t help screaming with the pain of it.  
Yet, despite being petrified and totally violated, his muffled, taunting laugh infuriated her beyond belief and that coupled with her loss of self-preservation was all she needed. Using ever once of strength she possessed, she kneed him in the balls as he suckled her, the force so strong he actually buckled over. She was just about to knee him in the face when his hand shot out and grabbed her leg, his knuckles turning white. 
He straightened slowly, his features now completely devoid of expression as he stepped closer. She felt the impact of his punch against her spine, the force pushing the breath from her lungs in a rush and her legs went from under her, leaving her hanging by her wrists, consumed with pain and gasping for breath. 
He seized her by the hair again, wrapped it round his fist and thrust her head back so he could hold her gaze with cold, black eyes. “You want to play?” he said reaching up to release the chains. His tone was mild, pleasant even, and all the more menacing for it. 
Unhooking the chain, he let her fall to the floor, his cold, merciless gaze drifting over her with displeasure. She was a bitter disappointment and would pay for her failings. He kicked her, scoffing at the unmistakable sound of breaking bones. Amazing really, considering he’d barely touched her. He kicked her again.
Lilia curled up in a ball, her bound hands protecting her head from the blows to come, yet it was his feet that connected with the unprotected curve of her body. She didn’t know what was more shocking, the pain or the sickening snap of bone. 
“Louis!” She screamed aloud before she could stop herself, her voice strangled with pain and despair. Her body jolting as she tried without success to push herself away from him.
Lilia! Louis’s voice was a combination of anger and fear. Her mind was filled with terror and pain and the delicate thread of communication was lost in the whirlwind of chaos and suffering. He stilled high above the dense forest and scanned for the slightest sign of her, the whisper of her voice, the scent of fear, but found no trace of her.
Ramon crouched down beside her and tenderly swept a strand of blood soaked hair from her mouth. “Louis? The Great Hunter,” his voice was full of mock puzzlement, then he huffed. “Even if it were so, what good is it if he can’t hold on to those he’s detained?” He reached over her and yanked the chain free of the cuffs and hurled it into the far corner of the room, the cuffs he left in place. “You know, if not for Louis’s incompetence, Gina would still be alive,” his tone and expression were full of feigned remorse. 
A fury like nothing she’d even known swept through her. How dare he blame Gina’s death on Louis? Despite her injuries she pushed herself up and spat a mouth full of blood into his face, glaring defiantly as she braced herself for the impact of his fist. Only he didn’t strike her, he just smiled as the tip of his tongue licked her blood from his lips.  
He had to admire her courage, her feisty nature and her fearlessness in the face of utter despair, for it had been those very traits that had drawn him to her in the first place. But she had betrayed him by giving herself to Louis and destroyed the twisted vision he had of their union, and that he could never forgive.
Clasping the cuffs in one hand, he stood and with a twist of the wrist, flipped her onto her back, then, regardless of her flaying legs, strode across the cold, concrete floor, dragging her behind him as he went until they reached a big stainless steel table. 
He liked it so much more when they put up a fight, far more exhilarating and with Lilia’s feisty nature he was in for a real treat. 
The skin was scourged from her back as he dragged her virtually naked body across the rough floor and despite gritting her teeth against the pain she couldn’t prevent the screams from escaping. And, no matter how many times she tried to kick out at him, to pull her arms free, not once did he falter. 
He was far stronger than she’d imagined and bound as she was, had no hope of defeating him. She was rigid with fear, but she had no intention of going quietly and if she had to die she sure as hell was going to take a piece of him with her. Yet, her mind was a whirlwind of violent chaos where panic prevailed, devouring her courage to drive out all logical thought until she doubted her own sanity. Had she heard Louis’s voice, or was it a figment of her imagination because surely if it were him he’d have been here by now? 
Her soul had no such anxieties and cried out without reservation. Help me, Louis!  
The desperation in her pierced Louis’s soul, but there wasn’t time to wallow in self-pity. He grasped the fragile thread between them with everything he had, fearing if he lost the connection now that she’d be lost to him forever. It’s okay baby, I’m coming. He soothed, trying to keep the fear from his voice when what he really wanted to do was rage. Merge with me completely. Concentrate only on me. Don’t let go. Lilia!
His voice was a soothing balm amidst the chaos. His tender endearment giving her a moment of respite from the terror surrounding her, then she was thrust back into her living nightmare as Ramon grabbed her around the waist and hurled her onto the ice cold table. 
Hurry Louis! 
Clasping both hands together she struck Ramon across the face with all her might. His head jarred to the side yet his fierce glare remained locked on her, as if he couldn’t believe that she’d have the audacity to strike him. She would have laughed if she hadn’t been so scared. Before he could recover, she hit him again. Then, with no time to waste she flung herself from the table and was relieved that her legs had the strength to hold her. And, as luck should have it, there were a number of weapons available to her, from wooden fence posts to long steel pipes and over by the far wall stood a rusty, old, sledge hammer. 
She went for the steel pipe, but before she could take a step she was pulled backwards by the hair and slammed into the side of the table. It mightn’t have been so bad if her ribs weren’t already broken, but the force of the impact pushed the fractured bone deeper into soft tissue and for a moment she thought she was going to pass out with the pain of it.  
Ramon’s caustic snicker brought her back to reality. 
She thrashed wildly, but his hand was wound so tight in her hair she couldn’t break free as he dragged her backwards onto the table.  
Ramon seized her by the throat and pushed her down, his eyes ablaze with rage. Not only had she struck him twice, she’d actually drawn blood. His fingers traced the thin slash across his cheek where the cuffs had sliced through flesh and his hand came away smeared with blood. His depraved ego had never taken such a battering and the fact that it had been a woman who’d wounded him, was infuriating. Still holding her down by the throat he punched her in the face, once, twice, three times he hit her and still she struggled.
The force of the second blow broke her nose; the pain so excruciating that it overwhelmed the pain of the first and greatly diminished the pain of the third. His strangle hold muffled her screams, as did the choking blood running down her throat. Then, he suddenly released her and she rolled onto her side coughing and spluttering as she tried to drag air into her lungs. She was barely conscious of her arms being pulled above her head as the cuffs were secured to a clasp at the end of the table and by the time she realised what was happening it was too late. 
He smiled down at her as he ran his hand over her heaving breast and she thrashed wildly. His finger continued their vulgar foray with slow tormenting strokes down to her stomach and she went rigid with fear, for his vile intent was evident in his eyes. She kicked out at him in desperation, but he merely seized her by the ankle and held her leg against him, his smile even more demonic as his fingers slowly drifted up her calf. Regardless of her injuries she pulled her leg free and managed to kick him in the chest. He staggered, then he was on her again, his features contorted in a menacing snarl as he once again seized her by the throat and began to squeeze 

Louis knew he was closing in on her; not only because the link between them was stronger, but because violence permeated the very air through which he moved. Leon sensed it too and immediately soared high into the sky so that he would have a bird’s eye view of the farms and outbuildings in the surrounding area. Louis dropped lower, skimming the ground with blurring speed as he frantically traced the path to Lilia.
The rage emanating from Louis was so intense that the skies thundered and lightning pierced the rolling black clouds, hitting the ground below him. And, despite holding only a faint thread between them he felt every blow Ramon inflicted upon her. 
Lilia fought Ramon, as Louis knew she would, but it would only serve to heighten Ramon’s sexual gratification. And, the more she struggled, the greater his pleasure, yet his ultimate climax would come as the light went from her eyes. Before that time came, though, he’d violate her in every way imaginable. 
Submit, Louis commanded urgently.	
 No! Lilia screamed defiantly. She’d rather die than surrender herself to Ramon. She kicked out at him again and got a slap across the face for her troubles, not a powerful blow, but as her face was already so beaten the pain was excruciating. 
Her scream was so raw that for a moment the smile on Ramon’s face faltered.	
Uttering an ancient curse Louis ruthlessly took control of her mind and forced her compliance. It was the only way to save her, he knew that, so why did it feel like he’d betrayed her. 
Ramon released the tension from her throat the instant he felt her surrender. For a moment there, he thought he’d accidentally killed her. And, although he was relieved to find she was still breathing he glared at her with disapproval. Being submissive wouldn’t save her this time. He was going to kill her for giving herself to Louis and after what he had planned she’d be more than grateful that he did. 
He leaned over her and smiled before dipping his head to lap at the blood trickling down her neck, his hand roughly fondling her blood smeared breast and still she lay there. Irritated by her lack of response he moved to the end of the table. He trailed his fingers down her inner thigh before reaching over to grasp the leg dangling over the edge of the table, expecting her to kick out at him again, but she remained inert. With a huff he dropped her leg back onto the table; he’d barely touched her and yet here she was surrendering like so many before her. Had he really been so wrong about her?
Lilia was trying to block out everything but Louis. It was not an easy feat considering that Ramon, her most despised nemesis was pawing at her body like it was his own personal playground. More than anything she wanted to hit out at him, to push him away, but she no longer had the strength or the will to do so. All she could do was hope that Louis got to her before Ramon killed her. Despite her passive state her soul shuddering at the touch of his hand.  
Ramon’s hands teased her inner thighs as he watched her face for any sign of reaction then not getting the response he sought he seized her panties in his hand and tore them from her. He rubbed the scrap of silken fabric between his fingers as he raised it to his face and inhaled deeply, his eyes closing to savour the scent.   
He took another deep draft and opened his eyes. If it was all a charade she wouldn’t be able to hold the pretence much longer. He slipped the panties in to his pocket then clasped both her ankles in his hands and pulled her limp body toward him, splaying her legs wide so that he could stand between them. He’d had such high hopes for their frenzied union yet her lack of response had greatly reduced his hunger, so much so, that the whole Lilia thing was becoming tiresome. He impatiently unbuckled his belt, undid his trousers and pushed them and his undies to the floor, then stepped out of them and cast them aside with the side of his shoe. 
He leaned over her, fondling the head of his penis with a blood stained hand, inspired to see that her eyes had turned from blue to black with rage. Smiling, he grabbed hold of her hips and was just about to force himself upon her when the roof was torn from the rafters.
Even though Louis knew she had been struck repeatedly, nothing could have prepared him for the sight of Lilia’s face. 
The bastard had broken her nose, split her lip and hit her so hard that one of her eyes was completely swollen shut. Blood poured from her nose and mouth to form a river of red which flowed along the table, pooling with the steady trickle of blood dripping from the protruding bone in her side. So fiercely had she fought her restraints that the steel cuffs were no longer bright. 
The beast within rushed to the surface as he descended into the makeshift torture chamber and before he could stop himself he seized Ramon by the head. With no more than a flick of the wrist he ripped Ramon’s head clean off of his shoulders and launched it face first against the far wall, kicking the crumpling body after it.
Lilia’s gaze had been fixed on the heavy wooden beam high above her, needing to focus her attention rather than think about what was happening, when suddenly she was staring at the stormy sky. Her good eye barely caught the dark shape swooping from above, but her soul had no need of visual affirmation to know it was Louis. 
She twisted onto her side in time to see Louis take Ramon’s head off, and not with an axe or blade, but with his bare hands. The act so proficiently executed that it seemed surreal, yet the sickening sound of Ramon’s face slamming in to the wall was all too real. 
Louis removed the cuffs that bound her with a thought and tentatively scooped her fragile, battered body into his arms, feathering tender kisses over her head as he held her to him and then they were gone. 
Ramon’s seething spirit lurked in the shadows. He didn’t know how Louis had tracked him or why his cloaking device had failed to shield his presence, but he had more important things to worry about. He needed to find another host, and quickly, because the longer he remained in spirit form the easier it would be for the hunters to track him. He drifted up to the opening in the roof only to find Leon standing on the rafters, disdain etched on his face. And, before another conscious thought could materialise, everything went black.

Louis repaired the damage he’d done to the cabin and removed all evidence of his explosive outburst. When he was satisfied that not a single slither of glass remained he lowered Lilia onto the bed. 
He’d put her in a deep, soothing sleep to ease her suffering. Taking her hand he brought it to his face so he could rub her curled fingers against his cheek and it was only then did he realised that there were tears on his face. With a shuddering breath his hand drifted over the huge ugly wound on her side, healing the damage caused by her broken ribs and resetting them as he went. Unable to look upon the damage done to her beautiful face he healed it with a thought and another removed the blood from her body. He wished it were as easy to remove the mental scars of such an assault, but that was something Lilia would have to deal with in her own time.
Louis covered her with a comforter then sat down on the bed next to her and bent down to kiss her on the lips before summoning the courage to wake her. Her eyes fluttered open and he kissed her again. She smiled up at him and his heart melted right then and there.
“You took your time,” she said with mock reproach then reached up to wipe away his tears.
Louis pulled her into his arms, trailing kissing over her face and neck. “I know, I know, I’m sorry,” he said between kisses.
Lilia kissed him back then eased him away so that she could hold his gaze. “Louis, are you alright? What did they do?” With all that had happened she’d completely forgotten why he hadn’t been there to protect her and even though he was smiling at her like the cat that got the cream she was anxious if not a little scared to find out. 	
I’ve never been better,” he said nuzzling her throat and then proceeded to tell her everything that had happened.
“So let me get this straight,” Lilia said when he’d finished telling her about his bizarre meeting with God. “You’re not to be punished for, you know.” Lilia’s face flushed at the thought of God knowing what they’d done together. “And you’re to stay here with me as my personal protector.” She was smiling now. “And, as well as continuing to hunt evil spirits you’ll also be assisting me on my crusade.” Her smile turned positively wicked. She liked the idea of Louis, an omnipotent being, being her assistant. She was a little concerned about the changes going on in her body, though, but the longevity part was great, as was her health and happiness being his only concern. 
She knew God wouldn’t let her down and she hugged him to her. Thank you Lord. Thank you, thank you, thank you.
“Louis,” she said turning her head to the side to give him better access to her throat, squirming slightly as he trailed kisses from her ear to the hollow of her shoulder. “Where exactly is this beach?”   

