HER HUSBANDS
By
Thabi Majabula
Published by Thabi Majabula at Smashwords
Copyright 2013 Thabi Majabula
Smashwords Edition, License Notes

Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed, this book, please encourage yourfriends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com. Thank you for your support.

This is a work of fiction. The characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious. Any similarities to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental and not intended by the author.

TABLE OF CONTENTS
CHAPTER ONE
CHAPTER TWO
CHAPTER THREE
CHAPTER FOUR
CHAPTER FIVE
CHAPTER SIX
CHAPTER SEVEN
CHAPTER EIGHT
CHAPTER NINE
CHAPTER TEN


CHAPTER ONE

Martha was very pleased with the car that she had bought for herself. She put it through its paces and it did not disappoint.
She returned home, to her in-laws. They were standing at her front door, looking at her in disbelief.
“How can you even think of spending money when my son just died?” demanded Mme Mokoena, her mother-in-law.
“Hello, Mme, hello, Ntate,” said Martha as she walked past them into the house. She could feel them watching her as she put the car keys on the table and went to the kitchen.
She put music on and sang along as she started to cook. The music stopped. Martha looked at the radio socket, everything seemed intact. She looked at the stove, it was still on. Only then did she realise that her mother-in-law was in the room with her. Her hand was on the turned off plug switch at the mains.
“Mme? What's the matter? Why did you turn the music off?” she asked.
“How dare you spend my son's money! Aren't you even shy to show people that you killed him?”
“I didn't kill him, we all know that,” said Martha, as she went to stir the pot that was hissing on the stove.
“We don't know that you didn't kill him. My boy was fine, then he died suddenly. It's obvious you planned to kill him for the insurance money.”
“I didn't do that, Mme.”
“Don't call me Mme! I'm not a mother to someone who kills my child. You're going to be arrested, and you'll rot in jail, murderer.”
“I am not a murderer!”
“As if we'll believe you! I told that boy not to marry you, but would he listen? The one time he didn't listen to me, and he paid the price.”
“Why would I kill him after being married to him so long?”
“Because you're a whore who can't wait to get together with her next victim.”
“How can you call me that?”
“We've all seen how Daniel looks at you. It's obvious the two of you can't wait to get together.” Martha looked at Mme Mokoena out of hurt eyes, then she looked away, blinking rapidly.
“Well, aren't you going to deny it?” demanded Mme Mokoena.
“Would you believe me if I did?”
“Of course not.”
“Then why should I bother?”
“Don't. The only hope of joy I have is that of coming to see you when you're locked up for life. You won't get away with this,” said Mrs Mokoena, and she left. Martha took a deep breath and switched on the music to stop herself from crying. Neo would not want me to be miserable, she told herself, trying to forget the unkind words that she had been subjected to.
“Why are you singing? You should be in mourning!” shouted Mr Mokoena. Martha continued to work.
“I'm talking to you,” said the man.
“I heard you, Ntate.”
“Then switch off that noise.” Martha looked at him, considering doing what he said, then she returned to work.
“I said...” shouted Ntate.
“Hi, Ousi. How are you?” asked Victor, Neo's brother. Martha smiled.
“This woman is partying, now that your brother's died,” said Ntate Mokoena.
“What would she have to celebrate, Ntate? You are the trustee of Neo's estate.”
“Then where did she get the money to buy that car?”
“She works.”
“Lies! She's sleeping with some insurance agent, and she's gotten him to give her your brother's money.”
“Ntate! How can you say that? You know that Neo hadn't been able to find work for over a year. How could Martha be using his money? He'd probably spent it all on living expenses.”
“She killed him for the insurance money.”
“If she has access to insurance money, it will be at your discretion.”
“How can you defend your brother's murderer?”
“She didn't kill him.”
“How do you know that? Were you there?”
“No, were you? Did you see her kill him?”
“How dare you ask me that!”
“She's suffering enough as it is, Ntate, we should be kind to her.”
“Kind to a murderer? Never!” said Ntate, then he left the room.
“Sorry, Ousi,” said Victor. Martha shrugged.
“How are you? How's your family?”
“We're all well. Dimpho's worried about you, she said I should check on you.”
“That's very sweet. I'm fine.”
“It can't be easy on you.”
“No, it isn't, but I'm not the first widow, and I won't be the last. Many women survive, and I will too.” Victor moved closer to her.
“Why are my parents still here? You should send them away,” he said.
“How am I going to do that? Every woman knows better than to send her in-laws away. That's the best way to be even more hated.”
“They already hate you, sending them back to their home can't make it any worse than it is already.”
“I can't do it, I won't.”
“Neo wouldn’t like this.”
“He's not here anymore. I hate him so much for dying.”
“Martha!”
“We had a good thing, Victor, you know that. We had no children, but we had each other. I knew that no matter what happened, I had someone in my corner who would stand by me and support me, even if he didn't agree with me. And I provided the same support for him. Now, I have no one to talk to, and no one to laugh with.”
“Then stop working,” said Mrs Mokoena.
“Hi, Mme,” said Victor.
“Your father tells me you support what this woman did when she murdered your brother.”
“She didn't do it.”
“Can you prove it?”
“Can you prove that she did it?”
“How dare you question your parents! We know what happened to our son!”
“No, you don't. No one does.”
“Wena Victor...”
“The autopsy says he had a heart attack.”
“Because of what this witch fed him.”
“I am not a witch!” gasped Martha.
“What witch admits to it, except to other witches? We've filed a murder charge against you, Martha, and we're here, in our son's home, so we can look after it when you're taken to jail. Victor, come, we want to talk to you.” Victor looked at Martha and followed his mother out of the room. Martha stopped cooking and sat down.
Her in-laws had always hated her, but in the last four months since Neo had died, they had become the guardians of hell. There was no insult that they had not heaped on her. She was just relieved that the house was in her name, otherwise, they would have sent her out of it, she did not put it past them to try it any day.
She was glad that she worked. It gave her time out of the house.
She took her car keys and went to Neo’s grave. That was where she did her crying. She did not want her in-laws to see that they hurt her with their words.
Why? Why? Why? That was the only word she had said to Neo since his death. Typical of him since his death, he did not respond. When she was done crying, she returned home.
She sat almost an hour in the car outside her home, pulling herself together. She had had a brain wave for a project at work, and there was no Neo to discuss it with. Although he had not worked for the last year of his life, he had not been jealous of her for working, he had been her chief cheerleader. Now, she had no one, and it felt awful.
When she returned to the house, the food she had started cooking had been tampered with, she could see, because it had become a greenish colour, and smelt different. She decided not to make an issue of it, and went to bath.
After her bath, she lay on the bed she had shared with Neo, and decided to get a new one. That one had too many memories, and it smelt of Neo, making her more lonely for him.
She was woken by incessant and loud knocking on her bedroom door. She knew that it was her mother-in-law. She had taken to waking her that way, at four, every single morning. She would demand that Martha cook, then she and her husband would refuse to eat the food that she had cooked, claiming that she had poisoned it. She put her ear phones on, and listened to her ipod.
Her alarm clock woke her by vibrating in her hand. She freshened up and dressed, then she stood infront of the mirror, priming herself to face her in-laws. She was five foot six tall, of medium build and complexion, and she admitted to herself that she had been blessed with good looks. I am twenty eight years old, I am an adult, and I can deal with other adults, she repeated to herself.
She took a deep breath, and opened the bedroom door. Her mother-in-law looked at her, surprised. Martha herself was surprised that the woman had still been knocking, it had been over ninety minutes since she had first heard her.
“Morning…” said Martha, stopping herself before she could say Mme. Mme did not reply. Martha stepped out of the room, and locked it.
“How dare you lock that room! I’ll have a locksmith unlock it for me,” said Mme.
“I’ll have you arrested.”
“What?”
“You heard,” said Martha, as she walked away.
In minutes, her in-laws joined her in the kitchen.
“Did you threaten to have my wife arrested?” demanded Ntate.
“She threatened to go into my room without permission,” replied Martha.
“This is our son’s house.”
“Actually, it’s mine.”
“It is not yours!” shouted Ntate, as he frothed from the mouth. Martha found herself a big knife, and used it, instead of a table knife, to butter her bread. Her mother-in-law moved close to her, and she raised the knife and pointed it at her. The woman stopped, shocked, and looked at Martha in disbelief.
“How dare you…” she began.
“You mess with the food I cook, you harass me, and you assault me verbally. I’ve put up with that, but I won’t put up with physical assault, from either of you. Try it, and you’ll be arrested,” said Martha, looking between her shocked in-laws. They looked at her knife then back at her. She finished packing her food into a lunch box, then she threw it away.
“You’re wasting food,” said Mme.
“You’ve probably poisoned it,” said Martha.
“How dare you accuse us of that!”
“You accuse me daily of killing your son. It occurs to me that you must be the killers.”
“Whaaaaaaaat?” shouted the in-laws.
“You protest to anyone and everyone that I did it, but no one has proof. You are the only ones who gain by his death. You’re the executors of his estate, I’m not. Who gains? You. You must have killed him.”
“That is nonsense!” shouted Mme.
“Is it?” asked Martha calmly. She was shocked at herself for daring to accuse them. She did not really believe her accusation, but she was tired of being a victim.
“You say the police are investigating his death, I’ll initiate my own investigation. We’ll see who ends up in jail. Excuse me, I have to get to work.”
“You’re not going anywhere.”
“If I don’t go to work, my boss will come looking for me with the police. I told him that you’re trying to kill me,” lied Martha, afraid her in-laws would keep her prisoner and kill her.
“We’d never kill you, you need to sit in jail and regret killing our son,” said Mme. Martha picked up her handbag and left. She was driving to work when she came to the conclusion that living with her in-laws had become dangerous. For her own safety, she had to leave. Where will I go? She had no answer.
After work, she sat a long time in the car park, trying to think where to go. She did not want to trouble Victor, Daniel was already being accused by her in-laws of killing Neo with her, her parents were late and she had been an only child. The only place to go was her in-laws’ home. She smiled, relieved to have a place to go. She needed to get Neo’s key to his parents’ home, she knew exactly where it was at home.
When she arrived, she saw several cars parked outside her house and wondered what her in-laws had cooked up this time. She went in through the back door to avoid being seen and stole into her room. She took the title deed to the house, Neo’s key to his parents’ home, and several other small things, then she locked the door and snuck out of the house. She had just packed everything into the boot when the front door opened.
“What’s taking so long? We’re waiting for you,” said Mme. She was accompanied by her husband, and several of their relatives. Victor looked miserable. Whatever the family had planned was not in her favour.
“I have to go,” she said.
“We need to talk to you.”
“I have something to do. Excuse me,” said Martha, climbing quickly into her car. She noticed several people approaching to fetch her from the car, and roared off. She was glad to have such a speedy car.
Two cars were chasing hers, and she drove to a police station. She did not get out of the car, she did not need to. The people chasing her wanted to be invisible to the police. She spent over an hour waiting. When approached and questioned about why she was there, she said that she was being pursued by people who wanted to hurt her. She described the cars that had chased her and gave their number plates. She was encouraged to open a docket, and decided to do that, for the sake of record keeping.
She doubted that the police would follow up, but at least there was a record that someone had harassed her. She decided to open a docket against her in-laws as well. The police officers looked at her as if she was ridiculous.
“Everyone knows in-laws are impossible,” one of them said.
“I know, but they accuse me of murder, and I think they are trying to poison me.”
“Do you want us to evict them?”
“I don’t know.”
“Come back when you know.”
“Thank you,” said Martha, then she left.
Her in-laws’ home was a mess. No one had been in it in four months. She started cleaning up. Someone knocked on the door. She opened it to a neighbour who wanted to know what was going on. Martha smiled at her, and reminded her that she was Neo’s wife. The woman was sympathetic about Neo’s death, and asked why his parents had not told her that someone would come to the house.
Martha said they were returning home soon, and she wanted to clean the place for them as a surprise for her mother-in-law. The woman said Martha was a wonderful daughter-in-law, and wished that she would get one as good as her, then she left.
Martha spent most of the night awake, looking for clues to incriminate her in-laws in Neo’s death, she did not expect to find any, but she wanted to harass them as they were harassing her.
She slept in the room that she and Neo had used. It took her a long time to fall asleep as memories filled her mind, making her lonely. She decided that going there had been a bad idea. She needed to go home, but how was she going to get her in-laws out, without involving the police, or alienating them any further?
She fell into an uneasy sleep, and woke with a scream, having dreamt that the people that had chased her had caught up with her, and started stabbing her to death. She cleaned up, packed all her belongings and went to work.
After work, against her better judgement, she went to Victor’s home.
“Are you alright?” he asked, holding her tight.
“Let me see her,” said his wife, Dimpho, pushing him off her, and hugging her too.
“Are you alright, Ousi?” asked Victor.
“I’m fine,” said Martha as she and Dimpho released each other.
“We were so worried about you, and you didn’t answer your phone when I called you yesterday,” said Victor.
“I needed time alone. How are you both, and how are the children?”
“Fine, Ousi. Come and sit,” said Dimpho, leading Martha to a seat.
“I’m sorry, but I can’t go home. Can I spend a few days here, then I’ll leave. I don’t want your parents accusing you of harbouring a murderer,” said Martha.
“Of course you can stay,” said Dimpho. Martha looked at Victor, he did not look so keen on the idea.
“I’ll spend the night, can I, please?” she asked. He nodded, relieved.
She enjoyed seeing her niece and nephews, and having people be kind to her. She was glad that Neo and Victor had been close.
Next morning, she thanked her hosts for their hospitality and returned to the home of her in-laws. She searched their bedroom, she did not know what she was looking for, but she searched anyway. She found a piece of paper, and copied down the information on it, attracted by the word ‘potion’ that was written on it.
She phoned the person concerned and went to see him, telling him that she was investigating a murder and named her in-laws. The person refused to talk. She left and returned with her lawyer, who used big words and painted terrible scenarios of jail and death in the hands of murderers. The potion maker then said that he had provided Martha’s in-laws with a something to kill their unruly son, who was causing them problems, and make him leave his wealth in their hands.
The lawyer, Guy, looked at Martha in shock, he had not wanted to go with her to the potion maker, but having gone, he had got more than he had bargained for. Martha was glad that she had filmed the whole thing on her phone.
She and Guy left, and went to his office.
“Do you want to press charges against them?” he asked.
“I don’t know. Let’s talk to them and hear what they have to say. I have to hire someone to protect me, I was afraid they were going to hurt me the last time I was at home with them.”
Martha hired a bodyguard for a few hours, and then she, the bodyguard and Guy went to her home. Her in-laws stood at the front door, blocking entry into the house.
“We need to talk,” said Martha.
“You left when we tried to talk to you, why should we listen to anything you say?” asked Mme.
“Because I can go to the police with what I know, and they’ll be here within the hour to arrest you.”
“Lying murderer, shut your mouth.” Martha felt her blood heat.
“Alright, let’s go to the police,” she said to Guy.
In three hours, she was back at her house, and her in-laws were being arrested.
“Martha, stop this, stop this,” shouted Mme, as she was dragged into the police car. Martha had tears in her eyes.
“I’m so sorry, Neo,” she said. Her lawyer left. She phoned Victor and told him what had happened.
“You should have come to me before having them arrested,” he said.
“I didn’t want to make you choose sides, I’m sorry.” Victor put the phone down in her ear. She closed her eyes, feeling completely alone. With Victor’s friendship gone, she had no one.
She entered her home and removed all her in-laws’ belongings, putting them in her car, then she and her bodyguard took them to her in-laws’ home. Afterwards, she dropped him off at his offices, and returned home. She phoned a locksmith to change all the locks, then she did an inventory of everything, having decided to sell the place.
The following day, she had an auctioneer fetch most things, then she put the house on the market.
Three days later, she was surprised when Victor and his parents arrived at her home. Her heart was pounding as she watched them from the front door.
“We need to talk,” said Victor.
“I’d let you in, but I’m afraid you’ll hurt me,” she said, looking at her in-laws.
“No one wants to hurt you.”
“If anything happens to me, you’ll be the first people my lawyer looks for.”
“Can we come in?” asked Victor, he looked tired. Martha let her unexpected guests into the house.
“Where is everything?” asked Mme.
“I’ve sold it,” said Martha.
“It was Neo’s stuff, it should have been given to us if you didn’t want it.”
“Mme!” shouted Victor. There was an awkward silence.
“Let’s all sit down, I’m afraid I don’t even have a rug, we have to sit on the carpet,” said Martha. Everyone sat down.
“How can I help you?” asked Martha.
“You can give us something to drink,” said Mme.
“So you can accuse me of poisoning you? I’m not doing that.”
“Drop the murder charges,” said Victor. Martha looked at him in disbelief.
“You have to be joking. After the hell your parents put me through, I want to see the justice they promised me visited on them,” she said.
“Martha, please. They’re old, they’ll never survive in jail.”
“I didn’t tell them to kill Neo.”
“I know.”
“Then why should I be kind to people who were unkind to me?”
“Because they’ll give you money.”
“I don’t want it.”
“Then what do you want, Martha? You’re not going to get justice. My parents will probably fall sick from the stress of being in jail, and either die, or be let out of jail out of compassion. What will you have gained from that? You’ll deny me my parents, and my children will visit their grandparents in jail. Is that what you want for them?” Martha could not believe what she was hearing.
“I am the victim here, I’m the one that was widowed. Why am I being treated like the villain?” she demanded.
“We’re all victims. Ousi, please, don’t proceed with this.” Martha left the room, too upset to stay in it without hurting someone physically. She phoned Guy and asked him to come to her, then she prepared refreshments.
She sat down on the kitchen floor and wept. She knew that after the meeting, there would be nothing left of Neo in her life. He was gone, and with Victor, the only good part of Neo left gone, she was alone in the world, completely alone.
“Martha?” she heard. Guy was looking at her from the kitchen door. She wiped her tears and stood.
“Thank you for coming,” she said.
“Are you alright?”
“No. Let’s get on with things. My in-laws want me to drop charges. Should I?”
“I thought they’d do that, and I have a plan. Come.” Martha followed him to the lounge. She felt terrible noticing how tired Victor was. If she had not had his parents arrested, he would not be looking so haggard. She introduced Guy, her lawyer, and greetings were exchanged.
Guy said that he would advise Martha to drop the suit if her in-laws signed over half of Neo’s estate to her.
“I don’t want it,” said Martha.
“You don’t have to want it, but you deserve it, for pain and suffering. Do you think Neo would like what went on here?” asked Guy.
“You know he wouldn’t.”
“He’d want you compensated.”
“All I want is a protection order against my in-laws. I never want to lay eyes on them again.”
“That can be arranged, and the money must be transferred to your account.”
“I don’t want it.”
“Then give it to Victor, or his kids, or open a trust for orphans, but your in-laws must compensate you, or the case will proceed.”
“We’ll pay,” said Ntate.
“No!” said Mme.
“Colleen, if you want to die in jail, keep all of your share of Neo’s money, I never want to go back there. If I have to give back all of my share of the money, then I will. I’m not going back to jail to experience the indignities I suffered at the hands of children young enough to be my great grandchildren.” Mme looked away from him unhappily.
“Are you going to pay Martha?” asked Victor.
“She’s demanded it, she must be paid,” Mme said angrily.
“You know what, Mme, keep the money,” Martha said just as angrily.
“No!” shouted Victor. Everyone looked at him.
“Mme, you will give Martha the money, and neither you nor Ntate will talk about her ever again,” he continued.
“My client deserves an apology,” said Guy. Martha and her in-laws gasped.
“The apology is a make or break,” continued Guy.
“I’m sorry, makoti, for accusing you of something you didn’t do,” said Ntate. Martha nodded, shocked to be hearing those words.
“Mme?” prompted Victor. Mme looked as if she was going to choke on her words. Martha stood to go and bring refreshments.
“Martha?” said Mme. Martha looked at her. Mme had tears in her eyes.
“I’m sorry,” she said.
“Apology accepted,” said Martha, and she left the room. She leaned on the cabinet in the kitchen, disarmed by the apologies, the words had felt like soothing balm to her.
“Martha?” Martha looked up, Victor was watching her.
“I’m so sorry. I didn’t want to have them arrested,” she said.
“I know.”
“I should have talked to you before going to the police.”
“We’ve fixed things now.”
“But you’ll never speak to me again.”
“I…” Martha started crying, then she forced herself to pull herself together.
“Thank you for not lying to me. You’ve been a great brother-in-law, I’m sorry things ended this way,” she said.
“So am I.”
“I’m bringing food. Don’t worry, it’s not poisoned.”
“I know, but we have to go. Dimpho’s in hospital.”
“I’m so sorry, I didn’t know.”
“I know.”
“Can I come and say bye to her, please, Victor? She’s been like a sister to me.”
“I…”
“Please! Please, Victor, then I’ll get out of your lives for good.”
“Alright.”
Guy left, promising to get the paper work to Martha the following day.
Dimpho had been kept in hospital overnight for observation. She was carrying triplets, and slight bleeding had resulted in her being kept overnight. She was fine.
Martha worked very hard not to cry when she saw her. Dimpho looked at Victor and his parents, then she smiled when she saw Martha. Martha smiled back.
“I’m glad you’re fine,” she said.
“Thank you for being here. I expect you here in three months, when these three come into the world. You’ve been with us through all the other births.” Martha stopped smiling.
“Martha?” said Dimpho.
“I won’t be here,” Martha said, choking back tears.
“Why not?”
“I’m leaving the family.”
“What?”
“Mme, Ntate and I have crossed bridges from which there’s no turning back.”
“Are you talking about the arrest?”
“Yes.” Dimpho looked from Martha to Victor, then to her in-laws. Understanding dawned in her eyes, and she looked at Martha.
“I’m going to miss you. You’ve been a better sister to me than my real sisters.” A sob broke from Martha as she went to put her arms round Dimpho. Hearing Dimpho crying as well, she pulled herself together.
“Stop crying,” she said, withdrawing from the embrace.
“It’s not good for the babies,” she continued, wiping away Dimpho’s tears. Dimpho could not stop crying. Martha closed her eyes, embracing her again, then she kissed her cheek.
“I have to go. I wish you the best in everything,” she said, then she ran out of the room. She sat in her car, bawling her eyes out until she tired.


CHAPTER TWO

She woke when someone knocked on her window. She looked out of the window with a pounding heart.
“Open up,” said a man. Martha rolled down the window.
“Daniel? What are you doing here?” she asked.
“Move over,” he said, opening the car door. She moved into the passenger seat. He climbed into the car and started driving.
“Where are we going?” she asked.
“Go back to sleep.” Martha put her seat belt on, and returned to sleep. When she woke up, she was on a strange bed, in a strange room. She climbed out of bed, opened the bedroom door, and looked about. She smelt food and followed the smell.
“Daniel?” she said. He looked up from the meat he was basting and looked her over. She took the opportunity to look him over too. He was six foot tall, dark in complexion and smooth shaven. He had short black hair, peppered with grey hairs, and he had broad shoulders. He was a very handsome man in his late fifties. He had lost some weight, but he was still a prime example of manhood. Something was different about him, there seemed to be a sorrow about him.
“Hi,” he said.
“Hi. Where are we?”
“My house.” Martha frowned, looking about.
“My new house,” he said.
“Oh. When did you move in?”
“A few weeks before Neo died. I’d have invited you to my house warming two weeks ago, but your in-laws had moved in with you, and you’d become cold to me.”
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to be cold. They were accusing you of being my accomplice in killing Neo.”
“What?”
“They said…”
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
“There was nothing you could have done.”
“I would have protected you.”
“It’s over now.” Daniel finished basting the meat, and put it in the oven.
“Thanks for having me, I’m going home now,” said Martha.
“No.”
“Ah-ah,” gasped Martha.
“You’re staying here, where I can look after you and protect you.”
“I don’t need…”
“I do!” shouted Daniel.
“Oh!” said a stunned Martha. Daniel looked at her out of hurt eyes. She drew back, feeling his pain as if it was a blow.
“You shut me out. You wouldn’t even let me bring a cow for Neo’s funeral. I needed to do that! Neo was like a son to me. How could you shut me out like that? How could you not let me do things for him?”
“I was trying to protect you from my in-laws. I told you, they thought you and I killed him.”
“I could have protected both of us, if you’d let me.”
“I’m sorry.” Daniel waved an impatient hand.
“I imagine you’re having thoughts of killing yourself,” he said.
“What?” asked Martha guiltily.
“Forget them.”
“I…”
“You’re not going to kill yourself, I will not lose you too.”
“Daniel…”
“I love you, Martha…” Martha gasped, shocked.
“…and I’m in love with you. I know you’re hurting, so am I, but we are not going to join Neo. Do you think he’d want that?”
“No.”
“So, you and I are going to live. I know I’ve shocked you with my declaration, I want you to know that I don’t expect you to reciprocate my feelings. I’m too old, I know, and anyway, it’s too soon for you to be with another man. I’m going to look after you till you’re no longer fragile, then you can go back home and get on with your life. Do you want to freshen up?”
“Yes.”
“There’s an ensuite bathroom in the bedroom you were using.” Martha walked out of the room in a state of shock.
After her shower, she sat on her bed, wondering how to face Daniel. She feared there would be awkwardness. There was a knock on the door. She opened it, wearing the robe she had found in the bathroom.
“These are for you. Neo bought them before he died, and kept them here, they were for your birthday,” said Daniel, handing her some clothes. She took them with a pounding heart, and closed the door. She looked the clothes over. Neo had never bought her clothes. She knew that Daniel had bought them. She sat on the bed, not knowing how to feel.
She dressed and found him in the kitchen.
“Neo never bought me clothes, you bought those clothes for me,” she said. Daniel looked up from his book and took off his glasses.
“Yes, I bought them,” he said.
“Why did you lie?”
“I don’t want you feeling any more uncomfortable than you are already.”
“Thank you for the clothes.”
“I don’t expect anything from you for them.”
“I know. Can I help with the meal?”
“Another time. This is my treat, sit down.” Martha sat down as Daniel brought food out of the oven.
“It smells great. You’ve always been a great cook,” she said.
“I’m a trained chef.”
“I didn’t know.”
“I know. Eat up.” They started eating.
“How did you come to be at the hospital?” asked Martha.
“Dimpho phoned me and told me you needed me.”
“Dimpho?”
“She knows I cherish you. She said she was afraid you were going to kill yourself.” Martha looked down.
“She was right,” she said.
“I can’t let you do that.”
“I know.”
“Do you resent me?” Martha looked at him.
“No, I don’t resent you. I didn’t want to die, but I saw no reason to live. Victor and Dimpho were the only good parts of my life. After I had Victor’s parents arrested…”
“For what?”
“Killing Neo.”
“They killed Neo?”
“I don’t know, but someone gave them a potion and promised them it would kill him.”
“How dare they!” Martha watched Daniel, and felt guilty for upsetting him.
“I don’t mean to make you mad,” she said.
“He was a wonderful son. How could they do that to him?”
“I assume they wanted his money, but I don’t know.”
“He hadn’t worked in a year, what money could he have had?” Martha shrugged.
“Where are they?”
“Out on bail. Victor asked me to drop the charges, and I did.”
“They won’t get away with this.”
“Can we talk about something else? Daniel?” Daniel had zoned out, and stopped eating. He left the room. Martha lost her appetite and cleaned up.
She spent time in her room, then she went to make dinner. Daniel did not come to eat. She looked through the house for him, and did not find him. Next morning after her shower, she found him in the kitchen, packing two lunch boxes.
“Hi. You didn’t come to dinner last night, and I couldn’t find you anywhere, are you alright?” she asked.
“You looked for me?”
“I was worried about you. You were upset when you left the kitchen during lunch.”
“I had things to do.”
“Are you alright?”
“Yes.”
“Thank you for packing food for me.”
“You’re welcome.”
“I’m off to work.”
“Here’s your key.”
“What key?”
“To the front door.”
“Why?”
“I told you yesterday, you’re staying with me until you’re well enough to live alone.”
“I don’t think that’s a good idea.”
“I’m not consulting you, I’m informing you. Come here after work, this is your home until further notice.”
“Daniel…”
“We both have places to be.”
In the early evening, Guy phoned her, telling her to get home as he was waiting for her with the paperwork that he had promised her. She gave him her new address.
“Who owns this place?” he asked looking about when he arrived.
“Come in,” said Martha, leading him to the lounge. She introduced him to Daniel, then Daniel left the room.
“Good for you,” said Guy.
“Good for me?”
“Having a man like that.”
“I don’t understand.”
“He’d kill for you.”
“Guy!” gasped Martha.
“I’ve brought you that paperwork. Your in-laws put the money in your account, and I got you the protection order. You’ll be fine. If they bother you, let me know, and tell him,” he said, nodding at the door that Daniel had left through.
“He’ll talk to them in a language they’ll understand,” he continued. Martha saw him off, then she returned to the house.
“You have a protection order against your in-laws? Why?” asked Daniel.
“Why are you reading my things?”
“They’re lying here, my eyes just fell on them.” Martha gathered the papers that Guy had brought.
“Why do you have…”
“At one time, I thought they were going to hurt me. With their ability to kill their own son, it would’ve been nothing to them to kill me.”
“Tell me if they trouble you.”
“That’s what Guy said.”
“That you should tell him?”
“Yes, and that I should tell you too.”
“He was right.”
“Come, I’ve made dinner.” The meal was eaten in silence.
“The staff will take care of the dishes in the morning,” said Daniel.
“I don’t mind doing them.”
“Don’t feel you have to. You’re here to be looked after.”
“You don’t have to look after me.”
“I want to.” Martha blinked, touched.
“Thank you,” she said.
Three days later, she arrived at work and started crying uncontrollably. She was given the day off, and took a cab to Daniel’s home. She sat in his house crying, unable to stop, and phoned Daniel, afraid to be alone.
“Don’t do anything, I’ll be there soon,” he said. After the call, the crying stopped. Daniel burst into the house, calling her name.
“I’m in the lounge,” she said. He entered the room, and looked about for her.
“Are you alright?” he asked, striding to her. He sat beside her, and took her hand in his.
“Can you hold me?” she asked, feeling stupid for making the request, but needing, more than anything, to be held.
“Of course,” said Daniel, moving closer to her, and putting an arm round her. She turned into him, and put her arms round his middle, then she moved her head until she found a comfortable position, with her nose on his neck. She sighed, feeling as if she had come home. When she woke up, it was dark. She could hear Daniel snoring lightly. She smiled, she had always thought he was perfect, a little snoring made him more human.
She gasped when she realised that she was on his lap, with his arms round her.
“Are you alright?” he asked.
“I’m so sorry, I shouldn’t be sitting on you.”
“It was the only way to make you comfortable.”
“I…”
“Are you alright?”
“Yes, thank you. Your legs must have gone to sleep.”
“Don’t worry.” Martha made to get up.
“Thank you,” said Daniel.
“For what?” asked a surprised Martha.
“Letting me be here for you.”
“Thank you for being here. I felt like I was falling apart. I’m fine now.”
“Have you been for counselling?”
“Whatever for?”
“To help you deal with your loss.”
“No.”
“Neo died months ago, why are you only falling apart now? That usually happens at the time of death or soon after. I think you should go for counselling.”
“I don’t need it.”
“I went.”
“Why?”
“Because I was falling apart.”
“I didn’t know.”
“I’ve been shocked by a lot of things in my life, but Neo’s death made me want to die too.”
“I’m so sorry,” said Martha, putting her arms round Daniel.
“Josh made me go for counselling, it helped, that’s why I’m here, and not in a grave,” he said, holding her close. She withdrew from the embrace and stood.
“Think about counselling,” he said. She nodded and left the room.
After her shower, she went to prepare dinner, then she called out to Daniel. They had a quiet meal, then she went to her room, wishing that she had been there for Daniel, he sounded as if he had needed a friend.
She spent half the night awake as she could not sleep. She returned to work next day, and she was relieved that she did not have more bouts of crying.
Daniel went out of town a few days later, and Martha dropped by her home, it showed signs of not being lived in. She cleaned it and got a real estate agent to look at it, then she asked him to find her a smaller home.
Daniel’s home was lonely without him. Martha had just finished making dinner one evening, when she heard a car arrive and went to open the front door. Daniel took his bag from the cab, paid the cabbie, and the cab left.
“Hi, Daniel,” she said. He turned to her and she drew back, surprised by the desire in his eyes.
“Hi,” she made herself say.
“Hi,” he said, looking her over.
“Are you coming in? Do you need help with your bag?” she asked. He looked at his bag.
“No, thanks. How have you been?” he asked, as he approached the house. She made room for him to enter the house, then she closed the door after he entered, and looked at him. He had put his bag down, and he was looking at her.
“How did it go?” she asked.
“Well. How have you been?”
“Fine, thanks, I’ve made dinner. We can eat after you freshen up.”
“Okay,” he said, he picked up his bag and went to his room. Martha took a deep breath and leaned against the wall. She had thought her desire had died with Neo, Daniel had shown her that she was not done with sex.
Neither of them ate much.
“I think I should move out,” said Martha.
“Why?”
“Because I don’t need to be here.”
“Tell me the real reason you think you should leave.”
“I shouldn’t be feeling desire.”
“Why not? You’re alive.”
“I’m a widow.”
“Yes, but you’re alive, you can feel desire.”
“I want to go home.”
“To what?”
“I want to go!”
“Not until you tell me why.”
“Because I want you.”
“I want you too, but we’re both adults, we have self-control.”
“Maybe I don’t want to be controlled.”
“I have no chance to touch you, I accept that, you should too.”
“What makes you think you have no chance to touch me?”
“I’m too old, and I don’t want to play with you, or have you play with me. You want my body, but you have no feelings for me. I won’t be your toy, and I’ll never treat you as a toy.” Martha watched him as he watched her.
“Thanks for dinner. I’ll do the dishes,” he said. Martha left the room. She sat on her bed, wondering why Daniel had reminded her that she was a sexual being. She was grateful that he had refused to let her go. She was afraid that alone, she would kill herself.
Over the next few days, she avoided him, he did not seek her out. One morning, she woke to the sound of laughter. She freshened up and went to the kitchen. Daniel was cooking with Josh, his twenty-three year old son, and his twenty year old daughter, Bridget. Martha gave a greeting and everyone looked at her. Daniel greeted her, then his children followed suit.
“Can I help?” she asked. Daniel told her what to do. She washed her hands, and felt as if everyone was watching her. She asked Josh and Bridget how they were doing, and they responded coolly. Her phone rang, and she spoke to the estate agent who wanted to show her house to buyers. They arranged to meet at her home.
“I have to go,” she said.
“You haven’t eaten,” said Daniel.
“I’ll eat later. Bye,” she said, as she hurried out of the room. She was glad to be out of the house, where she had felt like an intruder.
She showed her house to three prospective buyers, then she went to Neo’s grave. She sat there a long time, then she was joined by Victor.
“What are you doing here?” he asked.
“The same thing you are, paying my respects to Neo,” she said.
“Why, when you’ve moved in with another man?” Martha gave Victor a searching look.
“Have you always hated me?” she asked.
“You know I’ve never hated you.”
“Then why are you talking like this?”
“I just don’t think it’s right that a widow should be living with another man so soon.” Martha looked away from him and cleaned Neo’s head stone, then she told Neo about her challenges at work. She laughed as she told him about Jon’s latest antics. Neo had always found him amusing. She asked him why he had left her, and he did not respond.
“I don’t want you coming here and crying crocodile tears,” said Victor. Martha wiped her tears, and looked at him. She had forgotten that he was there.
“I have rights, Victor, and if anyone can ban anyone from coming here, it’s me. I don’t want to ban you, but I will, if you carry on talking that way. Even if I have a thousand lovers, he was my husband, and I was faithful to him, no one can take what he and I had away from me. In future, unless you can be civil to me, don’t talk to me,” she said curtly, then she left.
Why, why, why, she asked herself, realising that she had alienated Victor further. Her relations with her in-laws had come to the very, very end, there was no turning back.
She found Daniel dining with his children. He stood when she entered the kitchen.
“Are you alright?” he asked.
“Yes, thanks. Hello, everyone,” she said.
“Sit, your food has been dished up.”
“Thank you.” She could not eat.
“What upset you?” asked Daniel.
“Nothing.”
“Martha?”
“Victor.”
“What did he do?”
“He accused me of…”
“Of what?”
“Having an affair with you.”
“Aren’t you?” asked Josh. Martha looked from Daniel to Josh in disbelief.
“What Martha and I do is none of your business,” said Daniel coldly.
“This is Mme’s house. This woman has no right to…” said Bridget.
“I left your Mme’s house, this is my house, and I will do as I please in here, and you two can accept it or get the hell out!” shouted Daniel. Everyone was looking at him, shocked by his outburst.
“If you two want to stay here, you’ll give Martha the respect due to my guest and never, ever harass her,” he continued. Martha looked from him to each of his children, they looked from him to her.
“I’ll do the dishes,” she said, getting to her feet. Everyone left the room, and Martha washed the dishes, wishing she knew how to make things more comfortable in the house.
She heard a car driving off, then she heard approaching footsteps.
“Are you alright?” asked Daniel.
“Yes.”
“What did Victor say?”
“That I shouldn’t go and cry crocodile tears at Neo’s grave when I’m living it up with you.”
“He had no right to…”
“I did nothing wrong!”
“I know, Martha.”
“Why can’t Neo’s relatives live in peace with me?”
“I don’t know.”
“I made Neo happy, doesn’t that count for anything?”
“You know it does.”
“Then why…” Martha gasped as Daniel put his arms round her.
“I’m sorry,” he said. She put her arms round him, and sighed.
“You’ll be fine,” said Daniel. Martha nodded. After a while, she thanked him, released him, and finished doing the dishes.
The following day, she returned to Neo’s grave. She sat there a long time, trying to think of a way forward, and failing to settle on one. She returned to Daniel’s home, and found him with his children and their mother.
“There she is,” said Bridget.
“Hi, Martha,” said Marika, Daniel’s former wife.
“Hi, Marika.”
“I was sorry to hear about Neo.”
“Thank you.”
“How are you?”
“Alright, thanks, how are you?”
“Okay.”
“Do you want me to leave?”
“No!” said Daniel.
“I’m glad you’re here,” said Marika.
“You are?” said Martha.
“Daniel loved Neo as if he was his own son. I’m glad you’re comforting each other.”
“She’s taking advantage of his kindness,” said Bridget.
“That’s none of your business. Your father is old enough to know what he wants. You and your brother have your own lives to live, focus on them and leave your father to focus on his,” said Marika.
“But…”
“You know how he felt about Neo.”
“Yes, but…”
“This is not easy for him. You should be glad he has someone to help him get over his loss.”
“The psychologist did that,” said Josh.
“A friend is good to have. It’s time for us to leave.” The children hugged their father.
“Can I hug you?” asked Martha.
“Of course,” said Marika, opening her arms wide. Martha held her tight.
“Alright?” asked Marika when she released Martha. Martha nodded, and watched Marika leave with her children.
“Are you alright?” asked Daniel. Martha looked at him.
“I don’t want to make things difficult for you,” she said.
“You’re not.”
“Your children…”
“Don’t worry about them.”
“I must. I have no parents, and if I did, I’d hope no one would come between them and me. I’m coming between you and your children.”
“Martha…”
“I’ve found a new place to live. I’m leaving.”
“But…”
“This is not up for discussion, I’m doing it,” said Martha, then she walked into the house. She packed her things, packed them into her car, and turned to look at him. He was standing by the front door, watching her. She approached him, and felt her heart prick with remorse. He looked miserable.
“Thank you for having me,” she said.
“You don’t have to go.”
“It’s for the best.”
“For who? We can comfort each other.”
“I’m afraid I’ll put us in an uncomfortable position.”
“I can control myself.”
“I can’t. Neo and I didn’t have sex in the last four years of his life. You know he was ailing.”
“Yes, I know.”
“He had no sexual desire.”
“Oh!”
“I have a lot of pent up sexual energy that needs an outlet and I don’t want to make either of us uncomfortable.” Daniel gave her a long look.
“Thank you, Daniel,” she said, then she left.
She did not know where she was going. Her home had too many memories, and she had no one else to go to. She went to work, and pretended to work. Late in the night, she left work, and drove to the airport. She spent the night there, and cleaned up there, then she went to work.
Over a three day period, she slept at the airport. She was settling down one evening, when someone stood beside her.
“This is where you are? You left home to make yourself homeless?” demanded Marika.
“I…”
“How could you do that to yourself? How could you do it to Daniel? He’s going crazy with worry.”
“He has no reason to…”
“You’re living like you’re homeless, he has no choice but to worry about you.”
“I…”
“Get up, you can stay in my house until I come back, then we can work something out.”
“Marika…”
“Get up, Martha.”
“But…”
“Get up. I want to program your GPS to take you to my home. Come on, I have to board. Do you want me to miss my plane?”
“No!”
“Then get up.”
Half an hour later, Martha was driving out of the airport. Marika’s home was a tastefully furnished townhouse unit. Martha put her things away in the guest bedroom, showered, ate, then she went to sleep.
Two weeks later, she was woken by knocking on the front door. She opened it to Josh and Bridget.
“How could you leave Papa? He’s a broken man without you,” accused Bridget.
“What are you talking about?”
“Papa’s falling apart since you left.”
“He wouldn’t…”
“He’s as depressed now as he was at the time of Neo’s death. Go back to him, Martha.”
“Do you hear yourself? You accused me of whoring with him and taking advantage of him.”
“I don’t care what you do with him, as long as you make him want to live. He’ll die without you.”
“He will not!”
“Have you seen him?”
“No.”
“Go and see him. Tell your work people that you need the day off, and go and see Papa.”
“No, I won’t do that.”
“Martha…”
“I have had enough of people accusing me of things! You two will leave, and I will go about my day as I see fit.”
“But…”
“No! No. I’m going to get ready for the day. If you’re leaving, lock the door behind you,” she said as she left. She freshened up, dressed, packed food, and found Josh and Bridget at their car.
“Good day,” she said.
“Please see Papa,” said Bridget.
“I don’t think so. I left his house…”
“I’m sorry I accused you of whoring,” said Josh. Martha looked from Bridget to him, then she climbed into her car, and left. She could not focus for worrying about Daniel. After work, she phoned him, he was at home.


CHAPTER THREE

She used her key to enter his house. He had a beard, he looked gaunt, and he was sleeping on a couch in the lounge. There were plates of food and glasses all over the place. She sat down, shocked by his appearance. She put her things in her room and started cleaning up.
Three hours later, the place looked habitable. She went to the lounge and shook Daniel. He opened his eyes and sat up quickly.
“Martha?” he said.
“Hi, Daniel.” He stretched a hand out to her, and touched hers.
“You’re real,” he said.
“Yes. You need a shower, come,” she said, drawing him to his feet. He followed her to his bathroom.
“Do you need me to undress you?” she asked. He shook his head, she left the room and went to order takeaways as there was no food in the house.
They were delivered quickly and she set the food up in the kitchen. Daniel joined her.
“Hi,” she said.
“Hi.” She looked him over. He had an edge to him in his black T-shirt and black jeans.
“The food is here, sit, let’s eat,” she said.
“What are you doing here?”
“I’ve come home.”
“Why?”
“Because I was living at the airport.”
“Why?” demanded Daniel.
“I had no place to go.”
“I never asked you to leave.”
“I know. I just didn’t want to jump you or make your children hate you.”
“What makes you think my kids won’t hate me with you back here?”
“They asked me to come look after you.”
“So you took pity on me? I don’t need your pity!”
“Good, because I’m too busy feeling sorry myself to feel sorry for someone else.”
“Oh.”
“Are you coming to eat? I’m starving.”
“I think you should leave.”
“What?”
“I want you more now than I did before.” Martha felt her heart start to pound with excitement.
“I’m right here.”
“Go away.”
“No.”
“You’re asking for it.”
“Maybe I’m ready to receive it.”
“You have no sense! If you did, you’d leave.”
“Sit down, let’s eat.” Daniel gave her a long look, then he sat down. They ate a little, then they went their separate ways.
Martha lay on her bed, looking at the ceiling, wondering if she should go to Daniel or leave. She woke to the sound of raised voices. She climbed out of bed, put a gown over her negligee, and went to investigate. Daniel and Victor were at the front door, shouting at each other. Victor stopped in the middle of a sentence and watched Martha as she approached. Daniel turned, and watched her too.
“What’s going on?” she asked, looking at Victor.
“How are you?” asked Daniel. She looked at him.
“Fine. How are you? Did you sleep well?”
“Yes, thanks.” Martha nodded and looked at Victor.
“What brings you here?” she asked. Daniel turned to him, and folded his arms across his very broad chest.
“Hi, Martha,” said Victor.
“Hi. Are you here to see me or Daniel?”
“You.”
“And you’ve come to the place where I’m supposedly whoring?”
“This is urgent.”
“Martha is not whoring,” said Daniel. Martha glanced at him, and looked back at Victor.
“What is it you want?” she asked.
“Your help,” replied Victor.
“With what?”
“My parents.”
“The ones that accused me of killing their son, when they did it?”
“We don’t know that they did it.”
“I’m not helping them with anything.”
“Please, Martha.”
“You surprise me. You don’t want me going near your dead brother, who I can never hurt now that he’s dead, yet you expect me to help your living parents. Aren’t you afraid I’ll hurt them?”
“I know you won’t.”
“I won’t help them.”
“Martha…”
“Out of curiosity, what do you expect me to help them with?”
“My mother’s very sick.”
“Take her to a hospital.”
“She’s senile and attacks anyone she doesn’t know.”
“Take her to your home.”
“Dimpho can’t handle any more stress. Please, Martha, can they stay with you?”
“I live here now. Are you proposing to have them live with me and my lover?” Victor looked from her to Daniel, then he looked at her again.
“I was hoping you would move in with them, in their home, which is familiar to Mme.”
“That’s not going to happen.”
“Martha, please, I have no one else to ask.”
“Ask your cousins Marcus and Phila. They were in cahoots with your parents the day I fled from home. Your parents must be very comfortable with them.”
“They need a woman’s help.”
“I work.”
“You can take leave. You’re entitled to a long leave. You didn’t take it when Neo died, you can take it now, and look after his parents. Do it for him, Martha. Don’t you think he’d like to know his parents are well looked after?”
“I don’t know, Victor. Your brother told me he had no sexual desire, but last week, I discovered he had an eight month old child.”
“What?” said Daniel and Victor.
“The mother came to my office to ask for money from his estate to raise his child.”
“I didn’t know,” gasped Victor.
“I’ll give you her details, and you can deal with her. Four years he didn’t touch me, and all the time, he was touching someone else.”
“I am so sorry,” said Daniel. Martha shrugged.
“Sorry, Victor, you’ve had a wasted trip,” said Martha stepping towards the door, then she closed it in Victor’s face. He banged on it, calling her name. She looked at Daniel. He put his arms round her, and she leaned into him.
“I am so sorry. I didn’t know he was cheating on you,” he said.
“I should have looked into the symptoms of his disease. He never wanted me going to the doctor with him, and he told me what the symptoms were, lack of sexual desire was one of them. I looked up the symptoms after his woman came to see me, sexual desire actually increases in some patients, and in others, it stays the same, but it never disappears.”
“Oh, Martha.”
“We should get ready for the day.” The door opened, and they both looked towards it.
“Martha, please, you have to help us. Mme needs help,” said Victor.
“I can babysit for Dimpho, but there’s nothing I can do beyond that.”
“Okay, I’ll be in touch,” said Victor, as he ran his eyes over the picture that Martha and Daniel made, with their arms round each other, then he closed the door.
“You don’t have to do a thing for any of them,” said Daniel.
“Dimpho has been more than a sister to me. I’d do anything for her.”
“Okay. Can I help with the kids?” Martha drew back from him and looked into his eyes.
“Would you want to?”
“I want to help you in any way I can.”
“That would be nice. I have to get to work. Do you need to see a therapist?”
“I did, I saw you, I’m fine now.”
“I’m not a therapist.”
“You’re all I need.”
“Oh!” Daniel released Martha.
“I’m going to get ready for work,” he said as he walked away. Martha went to get ready, wondering how Daniel could say such a profound thing, and then walk away. She did not know how she was supposed to feel about his words.
She had just returned home, when the doorbell rang. She opened the door to Dimpho, and they fell into each other’s arms.
“How are you?” asked Martha, drawing back from Dimpho.
“Fine.” Martha looked her over, she was very heavily pregnant.
“Come in and sit down.”
“Thank you,” said Dimpho. Martha led her to the lounge and helped her into a seat. She noticed Victor following them into the room, and greeted him, then she invited him to sit down.
“I’m going to get refreshments,” she said, then she left the room. She was glad that they had the kinds of food that Dimpho craved. She took the food to the lounge, and found Daniel in there with the guests. He and Victor were frowning at each other.
She greeted Daniel, and put the food on the table. She could feel everyone watching her as she handed out the food, then she sat down.
“Let’s eat. Dimpho, how are the triplets?” she asked.
“Fine, Martha.”
“And the others, how are they doing?”
“Good. They ask when you’re coming to visit.”
“I don’t know. Victor and I have had a major falling out.”
“He says you offered to babysit.”
“Yes, I did, but I don’t think he’ll allow it. Who wants a whore looking after their children?”
“What are you talking about?”
“Victor says I’m whoring myself to Daniel.”
“Victor!” rebuked Dimpho. He looked down, shamefaced.
“Martha is not whoring, she would never do that, and Daniel regards her too highly to make her his whore,” continued Dimpho.
“I know,” said Victor.
“Then why did you accuse her and Daniel of…”
“I was upset with her for having my parents arrested.”
“They did that to themselves.”
“Dimpho…”
“Let’s not argue, we’ll never agree about that, and I understand you owe your parents your loyalty. Are you going to let Martha babysit for us?”
“Yes.”
“Really?” said an excited Martha.
“Dimpho needs to rest.”
“What have you done about your parents?” asked Daniel. Everyone looked at him, then at Victor.
“I’ve arranged for a nurse. Mme hates it, but there’s nothing we can do. Won’t you reconsider, Martha?” asked Victor.
“No, she won’t,” said Daniel. Martha glanced at him and looked at Victor.
“No, I won’t,” she said.
“I don’t mean to send you away, but Martha and I have plans,” said Daniel. Martha looked at him, surprised by his words.
“Of course. Martha, can I call you about when I need you to have the kids?” asked Dimpho.
“Yes, you can,” said Martha.
“I might need you to have them overnight.”
“I know. It was nice to see you, I thought I’d never see you again.” Victor helped Dimpho to her feet. Martha stood and saw her guests out, then she hugged Dimpho. She and Victor helped her into the car, he closed the door, and looked at Martha. In the good days, they would have hugged, but now, they nodded at each other, he climbed into the car, and drove off. She returned to the house.
“What plans do you have for us?” she asked Daniel when she found him in kitchen. He was making tea.
“I have to attend a function, I was hoping you could go with me.”
“What function is it?”
“Meet and greet with clients, informally.”
“Okay, but I know nothing about your work.”
“We’ll be socialising, not working.”
“Okay. I’m not sure I have evening clothes.”
“I bought you some.”
“What is it with you and buying me clothes?”
“It makes me feel close to you.”
“Oh!”
“We need to leave in an hour. Can you be ready?”
“Yes.”
“Do you want some tea?”
“No, thanks.”
Martha was nervous as they drove to the venue. Once inside, she felt as if everyone was looking at her. She saw Marika and gasped in horror, then she approached her. Marika noticed her and excused herself from the people that she was talking to.
“Marika, I am so sorry to have left your home without saying. I…”
“The kids told me about their father. I’m glad you’ve got him living again.”
“Thank you for having let me stay in your home.”
“You’re more than welcome. You left it cleaner than you found it. Thank you for cleaning it.” Martha felt better as she returned to Daniel’s side. He and Marika were the only people she knew. She was relieved that Daniel behaved as if he wanted her with him. She had been aware of him glancing at her anxiously while she had been away from him. He nodded at her when she joined him, and continued talking to his clients.
Tired of standing, she found a place to sit and sat down. When Daniel looked for her, and noticed her, she toasted him, he nodded, looking relieved to have found her.
Someone sat beside her.
“He can’t keep his eyes off you,” he said. She looked at him, she had never laid eyes on him.
“I’m Gerald Hutchins, Daniel’s lawyer, who are you?” he asked. Martha did not like the way he was looking at her, as if she was something that he was going to purchase.
“Hutchins,” said Daniel. Martha was relieved that he had joined them.
“Your new friend won’t tell me her name,” said Hutchins.
“You don’t need to know it. Is there anything I can help you with?” Hutchins laughed, and left. Martha was relieved.
“Thanks,” she said.
“Come, stay close to me. We can leave soon.”
“I don’t want to cut your time short.”
“Marika will stay. Last time we did this, I stayed the whole night, tonight, it’s her turn.”
An hour later, Martha was driving home.
“You and Marika work so well, why did you get divorced?” she asked. She could see Daniel turning in his seat to look at her.
“Why do you ask?”
“Because I always wished I had a marriage like yours. I was very shocked when you got divorced.”
“You told me.”
“I wanted to understand.”
“We thought because we could work together, and got on well, we’d make a great couple. We didn’t. We’re friends, but we should never have tried to be lovers. We were attracted to other people, but not to each other. We separated before we started cheating on each other.”
“That was very mature of you.”
“It hurt, Martha. We both felt like failures.”
“You realised you had a problem, and solved it, that’s not failing.”
“Thank you for saying that. Marika’s getting married in a month. I wish her the best. Do you want to go home? I’m thinking we go and eat at a restaurant.”
“That would be great.” Martha and Daniel were both feeling relaxed, and the food was fabulous. Afterwards, Martha was sleepy. Daniel helped her to the car, and drove them home.


CHAPTER FOUR
Three days later, Victor dropped his children off with Martha. He arrived just after she returned from work. He greeted her, handed the children over, and left. Martha greeted Karl, John and Jean, then she led them into the house.
“Is this your new house, Aunty?” asked Karl.
“It’s my friend’s house.”
“It’s nice,” said Jean.
“Thank you,” said Martha. She had a hard time not crying, it had been too long since she had seen the children. She normally saw them at least twice a month, but she had not seen them since Neo’s death. They were all much taller than when she had last seen them. Jean had grown taller than John, her twin.
“Do you guys want snacks? I’m still cooking,” she said.
“I want to see your TV,” said Karl. Martha led the children to the lounge to see the TV, then she went to the kitchen, the children had said that they were not yet hungry.
She had just finished cooking, when Daniel joined her.
“Hi. Sorry I didn’t tell you about the kids coming. Dimpho talked to me an hour ago,” she said.
“That’s fine. How are you?”
“Fine, thanks, how was your day?”
“Alright. Can I help you?”
“You can clean up, then join us for dinner in half an hour.”
“Okay.” Martha went to get cleaned up, and found Daniel dishing up the food, as the children asked him about his job. They had met him several times when Neo and Martha had held functions in their home. Martha helped him to finish up, then everyone sat down to eat.
Daniel and the boys washed up, while Martha bathed Jean and dressed her in her pyjamas. Afterwards, Daniel bathed the boys, then they all sat in the lounge as Martha told them several stories. In less than an hour, they were all asleep. Daniel carried them to bed. Martha was relieved that they slept early. Daniel joined her in the lounge.
“How old are they?” he asked.
“Karl is six, the twins are four. I put plastic under their sheets, your mattresses won’t get damaged,” she said.
“I hadn’t thought of that.”
“Thank you for helping me with them, I didn’t realise how tired I am.”
“Any time, Martha. I have some catching up to do.”
“Can I sit with you? I don’t want to be alone.”
“Of course. Come,” said Daniel, helping Martha to her feet, and leading her to the study. She had only been there once, she walked about, looking at the book s on the bookshelves as Daniel worked. He made some calls. She sat down with several books, in a short time, she was bored. 
She went to bake some cookies, then she took them with tea to the study, when they were done. Daniel took a break and joined her for tea, then he returned to work. Martha bade him goodnight and went to check on the children. They were fine.
She lay on her bed, wondering how long she would be staying with Daniel.
Next morning, she woke early to get the children ready for school. Daniel helped with breakfast, then she drove the children to school before going to work.
That evening, Dimpho phoned to thank her for having had the children. She slept early and woke early. She freshened up and made breakfast. She was surprised to see Daniel arriving as she was about to leave for work.
“Is everything alright?” she asked.
“Yes,” yawned Daniel.
“Why are you only coming now?”
“We pulled an all-nighter.”
“I hope you’re going to sleep.”
“I can’t, I have to go give a presentation.”
“Don’t overdo things.”
When Martha returned from work, she found Daniel asleep on a couch, his work things were beside him, and he was in his suit. She went to pull the blankets to the foot of his bed, then she woke him, and helped him to his bed. He was too heavy for her to take the clothes off him, she took his tie, shoes and socks off, and covered him, then she went to cook. She ate after her shower, then she watched TV until late.
She woke late the following morning as it was Saturday, and found Daniel in the kitchen, eating.
“Hi,” she said.
“Hi, this is great,” he said, as he tucked in enthusiastically. Martha smiled and decided to join him eating the previous night’s dinner.
Her phone rang, she looked at it, then she looked at Daniel.
“Who is it?” he asked.
“Neo’s father.” Daniel frowned.
“Are you going to answer it?” Martha did not know. It stopped ringing, then it started again.
“Shall I answer it for you?” asked Daniel. Martha shook her head, and answered the phone.
“How are you, Makoti?” asked Ntate.
“Fine, Ntate, how are you?”
“Not so good.” Martha closed her eyes, wishing that she had not answered her phone.
“Are you not going to ask what the problem is?” he asked.
“No, I can’t help you, not matter what the problem is. Talk to Victor.”
“I can’t, his wife just went into labour.”
“What?” shouted Martha. She asked herself what the date was and realised that the labour was several weeks too early.
“That’s not why I’m calling. Your mother-in-law is calling for you.”
“Really? Does she want to tell me again that I’m a murderer?”
“I don’t know. Please, come and see her, makoti. She doesn’t have long to live.”
“I…”
“Please,” said Ntate, then he cut the call. Martha phoned Victor.
“What’s going on with Dimpho?” she asked.
“She went into early labour, but the doctors say she and the kids will be fine as they can live outside her body independently.”
“I’m so glad to hear that.”
“Mme’s asking for you. Please see her, she doesn’t have much time.”
After the call, Martha told Daniel everything.
“For the Neo I thought I knew, I’ll go,” she said.
“I’m coming with you.”
“I’d like that very much.”
Martha’s heart was pounding as she entered her in-laws’ home.
“Makoti, thank you for coming,” said Ntate.
“Where’s Mme?”
“Come,” said Ntate. Martha followed him to the main bedroom. Mme was lying on the bed, looking pale. She had lost weight.
“Your elder makoti is here,” said Ntate. Mme opened her eyes. Martha drew closer to her.
“Hello, Mme,” she said.
“Makoti. How are you?” she asked.
“I’m fine.”
“Why don’t you come to see us anymore?”
“I…” said Martha, looking at Ntate uneasily. He shrugged.
“How is my grandson?” continued Mme.
“Your grandson?”
“The child you had with Neo.”
“I don’t have a child with Neo.”
“Of course you do. In my dream, he said he has a child.” Martha looked from Mme to Ntate.
“Yes, he has a child, but not with me,” she said. Ntate was shocked.
“Why did you never tell us?” he asked.
“He didn’t tell me, the mother told me, some days ago.”
“You must fetch the child and raise it,” said Mme. Martha almost laughed.
“You are the wife, all his children belong to you.” Martha looked at Ntate in disbelief.
“I have to go now,” she said to Mme.
“You just got here.”
“I have to take Daniel to see his children.”
“Daniel? Neo’s friend?”
“Yes.”
“He’s always had eyes for you.”
“Mme!” gasped Martha.
“His marriage didn’t last because he only had eyes for you.”
“Mme!”
“Well, Neo’s not here, so I suppose it’s alright for you to be with him. When will you bring me my grandchild? I want to see him before I die.”
“I’ll speak to Victor.”
“Do that.”
“I’m off, Ntate,” said Martha.
“Thank you for coming,” said Ntate. Martha and Daniel were silent as he drove off.
“Let’s go get that woman and her child. Mme doesn’t have long to live,” said Martha.
“You said you’d tell Victor to do it.”
“He’s got problems of his own.”
“You owe those people nothing.”
“I know. Please come with me?”
“Fine.” The woman was delighted to see Martha, and even more delighted to hear that her son’s grandmother wanted to see him. She and her child were ready in a short time. She offered to let Martha hold the baby, and Martha declined.
Her in-laws looked at the child as if he was a being of wonder. Ntate held him, and showed him to Mme. Mme had tears in her eyes as she said that he was the spitting image of Neo.
“We have to go,” said Martha, no one paid her any attention. She left the room and the house.
“Are you alright?” asked Daniel. Martha stopped and looked at him.
“Why did he give her a baby, and not me? I should be the one causing his parents to ooh and aah in that way. I’m the wife, she’s the home wrecker, yet she’s getting the glory!” Daniel put his arms round her and she burst into tears.
“Let’s get out of here,” she said, pulling herself together quickly. Once home, Martha went to her bedroom to pack, but she did not know where she was going to go. She wrenched her door open.
“Are you alright?” asked Daniel.
“Can you take me to that bastard’s grave?”
“Okay.”
At the grave, Martha paced up and down, giving the grave filthy looks.
“How could you do this to me? How could you? What did I ever do to you, that you cheated on me, had your parents accuse me of killing you, and then you gave another woman a baby, but not me? I was with you twelve years. Twelve years. What did they mean to you? How long were you with that strumpet? How long, Neo?” she screamed, as tears streamed down her face.
“You never answer. You never tell me why you did this to me. Did you hate me that much, Neo? Did I really fool myself into thinking we had something special?” she asked. She wiped the tears off her cheeks, and smiled bitterly.
“Thanks, Neo, thanks for nothing,” she said, then she walked away. Daniel joined her in the car, and she roared off. She noticed Daniel putting on his seat belt.
“How badly do you want to sleep with me?” she asked.
“What?”
“I said…”
“I heard you.”
“Well?”
“I don’t want to sleep with you.”
“You said you desired me.”
“I want to make love with you and to you.”
“The result is the same, naked sweaty bodies, pleasure for one or both parties. Let’s go to a hotel and…”
“No.”
“We both want it.”
“Not like this.”
“Daniel…”
“No!” They were quiet as she drove.
“Go to Marika’s place,” said Daniel.
“Why?”
“Just do it!” They climbed out of the car outside Marika’s home, and she came to meet them.
“Martha needs to spend the night here, I’ll fetch her tomorrow,” said Daniel.
“What?” said Martha. Daniel climbed back into the car, and drove off. Martha gaped after him, then she looked at Marika.
“Are you alright?” she asked.
“I am, but I don’t understand Daniel.”
“He needs time alone.”
“He…”
“Come in and meet my fiancé.”
“Oh.” Marika’s fiancé was handsome and younger than her. Martha smiled as she watched the pair. Marika was like a head over heels in love teenager. Martha forgot her problems as she finished preparing their dinner. She felt bad for being forced on her hostess and decided to wait on the love birds hand and foot.
She was exhausted when she was done, and fell into an uneasy sleep. She found Marika in the kitchen the next morning.
“Are you sure you’re alright?” she asked.
“Why do you ask?” returned Martha.
“Daniel asked me to look after you.”
“When did he do that?”
“He sent a text just before you got here.” Martha told her about Neo’s baby.
“I can’t believe it. I thought he loved you,” said Marika.
“I don’t know anymore,” said Martha.
“He thought the world of you.”
“What I want to know is how long he was having the affair with the mother of his child. Was she the only one, or were there others?”
“Don’t torture yourself. It’s all over now.”
“I want to know.”
“Martha…”
“I’ll hire someone to find out.”
“But…”
“I’ll do it now,” said Martha, getting on her phone. After the call, she realised that Marika was looking at her with concern.
“I’m fine, I just need to know the truth,” she said. They had breakfast, then they met Daniel and Josh at Bridget’s graduation. Bridget and Josh smiled at Martha, surprising her. After the graduation, Daniel asked Martha if she was ready to go home with him, she said yes.
“I’m sorry about yesterday. I shouldn’t have made a pass at you,” she said.
“You were hurting.”
“And I hurt you in turn, I’m sorry Daniel.”
“Apology accepted.”
“Maybe I should move out.”
“Forget it.”
“Okay,” said Martha, relieved as she did not want to live alone.
When they arrived home, she phoned Dimpho. She was fine, still in hospital, and the children were fine. When Martha asked if she could visit, Dimpho said it would be better in two days, when she was at home.
Martha phoned her real estate agent to find out about the sale of her house. No one was buying. Martha drove to her home, and walked all over it, inside and outside.
“Are you alright?” asked Daniel when she returned home.
“Yes.”
“You look odd.”
“I went home, to say bye to Neo and the house. I thought it stood for everything that had been right with us, but now, I don’t know what it stood for.”
“He did love you.”
“I really, really thought I’d hit the jackpot with him. I hired a detective to find out how long he and his baby mama had been having an affair.”
“It’s irrelevant.”
“It’s very relevant. I thought one thing, while he thought something else. I want to know where I stood with him.”
“I don’t think you want to dig into a past that can no longer affect your future.”
“It does affect my future. What I find out is the difference between mourning him in full as a worthy husband, and finding the first willing candidate to take me to bed and screw me until I can’t walk.”
“Martha!”
“Don’t worry, I won’t ask you to do it.”
“I…”
“I’m going to shower, then I’ll eat. I’m hungry,” said Martha, as she left the lounge.
When she went to the kitchen, it was empty. She called out to Daniel, he did not respond. She looked through the house, she was alone. She cooked and ate, then she watched TV. Close on midnight, she woke from her nap and discovered that she was still alone. She phoned Daniel.
“Are you alright?” he asked.
“Of course, I’m worried about you, you’re not home. Are you alright?”
“I’m fine.”
“Do you need me to pick you up?”
“No. Go to sleep. Goodnight,” he said curtly, and cut the call. Martha frowned, not liking his tone. Any desire to sleep disappeared immediately. She went to cook, furious with Daniel for cutting her off. When she tired, she slept.
She was woken by the sound of footsteps. Daniel joined her in the kitchen. She lifted her head from the table. He frowned.
“You should have gone to sleep in your bed,” he said.
“How dare you dismiss me as if I’m a child!” she said. He drew back, surprised.
“You don’t get to tell me to go to bed, ever!” shouted Martha, as she stood.
“What is your problem?”
“You! You’re my problem.”
“You’re a fine one to talk.”
“Excuse me?”
“I will, once you decide what you want.”
“I want to be treated like an adult, instead of being told to sleep, as if I’m a child. Neo gave me that treatment, and I won’t be taking it from anyone else.”
“I have not treated you like a child!”
“Then why wouldn’t you talk to me last night? Why didn’t you tell me what was going on with you? I’ve wept all over you, but you shut me out like…like…”
“You want to know what’s going on?”
“Yes!”
“You’re going on.”
“I don’t understand.”
“You’re in my house, sexy, brainy, sweet, and you don’t know what you want. I am head over heels in love with you, and I know it’s too soon to be making moves on you, but I need you, and I want you. You moved out and I went crazy. The thought of you leaving again makes me mad.
“I suggest you get rid of any ideas of finding someone to go to bed with. I’m your only lover, and I’m a lover in the real sense of the word, not in the one-night stand, or a few-bed-sessions sense. I will love you till the day I die, and probably beyond the grave. What is going on with me, is that I’m trying very hard not to drag you into bed, because I won’t let you go once I get you there, and if you want to leave, then I’ll be hurting you by keeping you prisoner.
“I need you to not talk about sex, and let me know as soon as you decide what you want. I have to get to work,” he said, then he left the room. Martha understood then, what people meant by having their breath taken away, Daniel had just done it to her. She sat down and drew in a deep breath.
She freshened up and went to work. She and Daniel avoided each other, but whoever cooked left food for the other.
Two days later, Martha phoned Dimpho, and Dimpho agreed for her to go and see her. Martha did some shopping for mother and children, then she went home to freshen up. She was about to leave when Daniel arrived. They greeted each other.
“Are you going somewhere?” he asked.
“I’m going to see Dimpho.”
“Can I come?”
“Okay.” They were silent on the drive there.
Dimpho looked tired, and she had many guests, though the babies were not yet home. Martha joined the other women who were catering. The others left as soon as Martha arrived, and she was left to cater for ten people.
She was exhausted when she finished washing the dishes.
“Come,” said Daniel, helping her out of the chair that she had plopped into. He led her to the lounge, made their goodbyes, and led her to the car.
Next morning, she found him waiting for her in the kitchen.
“Why did you let yourself be taken advantage of?” he asked.
“What are you talking about?”
“You, catering for Victor when he was so mean to you. We should have left.”
“I was doing it for Dimpho.”
“Don’t do it again. I didn’t like it. I won’t have you taken advantage of.” Martha did not know what to say.
A few days later, Dimpho phoned Martha to let her know that her babies were home. Martha told Daniel, he frowned at her.
“Do you want to go and see them?” he asked.
“Of course.”
“Fine, but we won’t stay long. You won’t be running around, catering for that ungrateful man. He should get someone to help, or do things himself.”
There were three times as many people as there had been before at Dimpho’s house. When Martha went into the kitchen, she found the women in there seated and chatting, instead of preparing food. She washed her hands.
“Why are you bothering to wash your hands? There’s no food,” said someone. Martha opened cupboards, they were empty. She went to kneel beside Dimpho to ask about the food, and Dimpho shrugged tiredly. Martha hired her a nurse by phone. Daniel stood over both women, frowning.
“It’s time to go,” he said.
“We just got here,” said Martha. He gave her a stern look, she kissed Dimpho’s cheek and whispered to her about the nurse.
“I can’t afford it,” protested Dimpho.
“I can. She’ll stay a week, hopefully, you’ll have found someone to help with the children then.”
“Why did you hire a nurse for that woman? She should get her husband to man up. Who does he think will look after the three babies, as well as the other children?” demanded Daniel.
“I don’t know.”
Next morning, Martha left home early, bought groceries, and took them to Dimpho. Dimpho wept when she saw them.
“It’s just food,” said Martha, holding her.
“We haven’t had any in three days. The guests ate it all, and the children have to eat at day care. All the money went into the hospital, we hadn’t budgeted for the babies to need to stay there longer, and for the extras that they needed there, and that they need here.”
“I see.”
“Thank you, Martha. My own sisters didn’t bring food, though they saw that we didn’t have any. I’m going to hide most of it in my bedroom so when people come to see the babies, they don’t leave us foodless.” Martha was glad to have helped Dimpho.


CHAPTER FIVE
When she returned home, she found Daniel in the lounge with his parents. She felt her heart shrink inside her, certain that they would call her names for living with him. They greeted her warmly and offered their condolences. She accepted them, then she went to cook. She fed them and went to freshen up. She was in the kitchen dishing up food for herself, when Daniel’s mother walked into the room.
“Where do we sleep?” she asked. Martha looked at her.
“Daniel is a better person to ask,” she said.
“He’s a man, he knows nothing about the house. Where do we sleep?” Martha put down her food, and told Daniels’ mother that she would tell her when she knew. The woman left, Martha went to look at the guest rooms. She selected the best-looking one, then she found sheets in the linen room and made the bed after sweeping the room. Afterwards, she went to tell Daniel’s mother that the room was ready. The woman followed her to the room, thanked her, and bade her goodnight.
Happy that the room had been approved, Martha went to the kitchen to eat. Daniel called her, and she joined him and his father. His father said goodnight and left the room.
“Thank you for organising the room,” said Daniel.
“I used the one two doors down from you, I hope that’s okay.”
“It’s great. How are you?”
“Fine, and you? I didn’t know your parents were coming.”
“They were visiting my sister Andile in Limpopo, then they decided to come here, before going back home.”
“They look well.”
“Yes, they’re amazing. The rural life must agree with them.”
“They didn’t accuse me of whoring with you.”
“Of course not.”
“Maybe that will come with time.”
“It won’t. You left early this morning. Were you going to work?”
“I went to see how Dimpho and the nurse are working out.”
“You’re wasting money.”
“I don’t see it that way. All their money went into the babies’ hospital fees, they hadn’t budget for them to stay those extra days in hospital.”
“You do too much for those people.”
“I need an early night, see you tomorrow,” said Martha, then she left the room.
Next morning, she found Daniel’s mother in the kitchen, cooking. They exchanged greetings, then Martha helped her to finish cooking.
“When are you marrying Daniel?” she asked. Martha dropped the spatula that she was turning over the eggs with, and looked at the woman.
“I know you’re recently bereaved, but you’re living with him, you might as well marry him and do things respectably.” continued Mme.
“I…” said Martha.
“He loves you and has done for several years. Do you love him?”
“I…”
“He talks very highly of you. We’re ready to accept you into the family.” Martha gasped.
“I’ve watched you for many years, you’ll make him a good wife. You were a good wife to your late husband.”
“Thank you, Mme.”
“Don’t thank me, marry Daniel and make him happy.”
“I…don’t know what to say.”
“Let’s get this food on the table, the men will be here soon.”
“I can do it.”
“I want to feed my man, too, just like you want to feed yours.”
The men joined them for breakfast, then Martha left for work.
When she returned home, Daniel was with his parents in the kitchen. She greeted them all, then she went to freshen up. She joined the family and helped Daniel to finish cooking. Everyone enjoyed the meal, then she washed up while the family talked. She joined them at the table when she was done.
“Daniel, when are you going to marry this wonderful girl?” asked his father. Martha gasped.
“You’re doing her a disservice, living with her as if she’s someone you’re whiling away time with, when we all know how very serious you are about her,” continued Ntate. Martha looked at Daniel in horror. He looked very uncomfortable. She said goodnight and stood.
“Sit down, makoti,” said Ntate. Martha sat down, horrified to be called a daughter-in-law.
“Well, Daniel? Give us a date. When do we go and talk to this girl’s people?” continued Ntate. Daniel looked at Martha.
“Well, young lady? When do your people expect us?” asked Ntate.
“They don’t expect you.”
“How can that be? Are they happy that you’re living with Daniel this way?”
“I…”
“I didn’t think so. Daniel, if her people are not expecting us, it must be because you haven’t told her how serious you are.”
“He…” said Martha.
“He’s very serious about you. He may have understated his feelings to you, but I’m telling you now, that he wants you to be our makoti. Has he not told you this?”
“Yes, he has.”
“Then what’s the problem? You’re living with him, do it the right way.”
“I’m not ready.”
“Then why are you in his house?”
“I…”
“Ntate!” said Daniel. Everyone looked at him.
“Martha’s still in mourning,” he said.
“It’s mourning strangely, if you’re doing it in another man’s home.”
“She…” Martha was saved from the horror movie happening before her by the ringing of her phone. She stood.
“Take the call here, we’ll be quiet,” said Daniel.
“What is it, Victor?” asked Martha.
“Mme died.”
“Oh! I’m sorry.”
“Can you help us with the funeral?”
“Why? Your mother hated me.”
“Please, Martha! For Neo.”
“For Neo?” Martha gave a mirthless cackle.
“The one you should ask to do things for him is the mother of his son. She’s the one who was the shining light for your mother in her last days. I’m sorry for your loss, but count me out,” said Martha, then she cut the call, and closed her eyes.
“What’s wrong?” asked Daniel. Martha opened her eyes.
“His mother died, and he wants help from me.”
“Whose mother?” asked Ntate.
“Neo’s.”
“And you’re not going to help? Why not?” Martha gave her reasons. Daniel’s parents watched her for long moments, then they looked at Daniel.
“What do you say?” asked Ntate.
“What can I say? It’s up to her, but if I were to say anything, I’d advise going to the funeral for a few minutes, and leaving before anyone has time to heap insults on her,” he said.
“I would agree with you,” said Ntate.
“I disagree,” said Mme.
“What do you advise?” asked Daniel.
“That she help where she can, for the sake of leaving a good name on their mouths.” Martha laughed.
“I never had a good name with them, and whatever little regard they had for me died with Neo. Now that another woman has borne him a child, my name has been wiped off their minds and hearts.”
“Then why did your brother-in-law phone you?”
“He needs money. His wife just had three children and all the money went into that.”
“Then give them money.”
“No,” said Daniel.
“Actually, I can give them money,” said Martha.
“I said no.”
“It’s their money. It’s from Neo’s estate. They gave it to me to stop me from charging them for murdering him. I didn’t want it, and I haven’t used it. I can give them that, and live my life freely. I’ll do it right away,” said Martha, getting on her phone.
When she was done transferring the money to Neo’s father’s account, she looked up with a smile. Everyone was watching her. Her smile vanished, she looked at Daniel uneasily.
“Decide what you want, makoti, and tell Daniel. He’s not as young as your other husband, so time is not on his side. Put him out of his misery soon. We’re off to sleep,” said Ntate, then he and his wife left the room.
“I didn’t put them up to that,” said Daniel.
“I know.”
“I didn’t want you to help Victor and his people.”
“I know. I won’t go to the funeral.”
“Okay.”
“Will you go?”
“To the funeral of a person who killed my son? Never.”
The following morning, Victor phoned Martha and thanked her for the financial donation that she had made. She told him that that was the last time that she helped him and his family.
When she returned home from work in the evening, Mme had cooked, and Daniel was back from work. Everyone ate, then Ntate said that he and his wife would be leaving the following morning. Martha made her goodbyes and thanked them for coming, and for their kindness.
“Next time we come here, we hope Daniel will have done right by you,” said Ntate.
Days later, Martha’s private investigator brought the results of his findings. Martha took them home and read them in her bedroom. Neo had never been faithful to her, but in the last four years of their marriage, he had been faithful to the mother of his child. He had spent huge monies on her, financing her parents’ home extension project, paying her university fees, and buying her clothes and trinkets.
Martha sat with tears in her eyes as she read everything. She could not sleep. Late in the night, she drove to see the mother of Neo’s child. She banged and knocked on her door, until someone opened it.
“What do you want?” demanded a man.
“I want to see Erica,” she said.
“At this time?”
“Yes, at this time. I’m the wife of the man whose child she had. If she won’t see me, I can make life difficult for her.”
“Fine! Keep your voice down, and come in.” Martha entered the house and was led to a bedroom. Erica was sleeping with her son. The man woke her, and told her she had a visitor. The woman looked at Martha and did a double take. She climbed out of the bed and led Martha to a lounge.
“How long were you with Neo?” asked Martha.
“Four years.”
“Did you know he had a wife?”
“Yes.”
“Why didn’t you leave him?”
“He was nice to me.”
“Did he say anything about me?”
“He said you didn’t need him.” Martha’s jaw dropped.
“He said he didn’t feel like a man around you, but that I made him feel like a god,” continued Erica.
“Was he sick? Did he have the disease he claimed to have?”
“I don’t know.”
“Didn’t you notice?”
“No.”
“Did you come to the funeral?”
“And the wake. I came to your house every day for two weeks, and you never noticed me.” Martha gave her a long look.
“Did he love you?” she asked.
“Yes.”
“Did he love me?”
“I don’t know,” Erica said, after a pause.
“Will your son’s grandfather and uncle support him?”
“No, they’re useless. Can you help me?”
“Never.”
“Nx.” Martha stood and slapped the woman hard. She gasped, shocked.
“You’re nothing but a home wrecker,” said Martha.
“Maybe, but I’m a home wrecker that can have babies. Neo said you were barren.” Martha gasped in shock and pain. Neo had never accused her of barrenness. She stared at Erica, then she smiled.
“Are you willing to do a paternity test to verify that your son is Neo’s?” she asked.
“No! Neo’s mother confirmed that he was Neo’s.”
“She was on her death bed, and saw what she wanted. I bet that’s not Neo’s child.”
“It is!”
“I’ll believe that, if I see a paternity test. Happy whoring,” said Martha, then she left. Her joy at besting the other woman left as soon as she left her house. She went to her car, shocked that she could be so mean. She had never ever said things like that, or even thought them. She drove home.
“Where were you?” demanded Daniel, meeting her at her car.
“I went to see the mother of Neo’s child.”
“At this hour? Why?”
“I want to understand where I went wrong to make him stray. Do you know what I found out? He said I didn’t need him, and that he didn’t feel like a man around me. Can you believe it?”
“That woman may have been lying.”
“I don’t know anymore, Daniel. I accused her of passing off another man’s son as Neo’s.”
“Why?”
“Because I was hurt, and I wanted to hurt her too. She says he called me barren. First thing after business hours start, I’m making an appointment with a gynae, I want my fertility tested.”
“You don’t have to do that.”
“I need to prove to myself that I was not deficient.”
“You were not deficient.”
“Do you still want to marry me?”
“Yes.”
“Let’s do it.”
“What?”
“You heard.” Daniel gave her a long look.
“If I was an honourable man, and if I was a younger, I’d wait for you to be in your right mind, but I’m too desperate for you to be honourable, and who knows how much time I have? I’ll take your offer. Who do I talk to about magadi?”
“I’ll give you the details of my cousin. If they talk about me not respecting the mourning period, tell them about Neo’s infidelity. I hate him so much,” Martha said quietly, then she went into the house.
Later that day, she went for fertility testing.
A week later, Martha thought of Dimpho. She bought food over the internet, and had it sent to Dimpho’s home. Dimpho phoned her in tears.
“How did you know we’d run out of food? Thank you,” she said.
“Did you find someone to help with the children?”
“We can’t afford help.”
“Interview some people, and I’ll pay someone to help you for a year.”
“Victor won’t like that.”
“Would he prefer to bury you when you die from exhaustion?”
Martha and Daniel were dining, when the doorbell rang. Daniel went to open the door, then he called her. She joined him at the door, where he was scowling at the guest. Martha looked at the guest.
“Victor? What brings you here? I can’t help any more with your mother’s funeral,” she said.
“That’s not necessary. I came to tell you to stay out of my affairs.”
“Your affairs?”
“My family. You keep sending food, and now, you want to hire a nanny for us. I can afford to take care of my family.”
“Then do it. What the hell you do with any of your kids is none of my business, but Dimpho is my business, and I won’t see her die from exhaustion. If you want to murder her by leaving her to care for six kids alone, think again. I’m hiring someone, and you’re going to love it and be grateful and nice to your wife. I can still have your father arrested if you or him annoy me.”
“Martha!” gasped Daniel.
“Dimpho is my sister, and I will help her in any and all ways that I can. If you can’t stomach that, Victor, it’s too bad, because I won’t stop.”
“Don’t get involved in domestic affairs.”
“I’m sorry Daniel, this is one place I won’t listen to advice from anyone. Are you going to sue me, Victor? It should be interesting to see. What are you suing this woman for, the judge will ask. Sending food to my house, and hiring someone to help my wife, you’ll say. A life sentence for her, he’ll say.”
“Martha,” Daniel rebuked gently. Martha looked at him, then she looked at Victor.
“I’m not trying to control Dimpho, or make you feel less like a man, I’m just helping my sister. Did Dimpho complain when Neo paid your staff for over three years?”
“No,” replied Victor.
“I’m paying for one staff member, for one year only. Surely you want her to not be as tired as she gets?”
“Yes, I do.”
“Then let me do this. I want to. It’s my gift to Dimpho.” Victor turned and left. Martha closed the door.
“It’s none of your business what happens in his house,” said Daniel.
“Dimpho’s my business, always.”
“I spoke to your cousin, I’m meeting him this weekend.”
“You move fast,” said Martha, her heart pounding with fear.
“I need you, you know that. Let’s go finish eating.” Martha could not eat.
“What’s the matter?” asked Daniel.
“I don’t know if I want to marry you.”
“Say the word, and I won’t meet your cousin. If you don’t tell me to stop, I’m meeting him. Are you telling me to stop?”
“No.”
“You have until Saturday morning. Any time after that will be too late.”
Three days later, Dimpho phoned to say she had found someone to help her with the children. Martha spoke to the woman over the phone and they agreed on work hours and money, and Martha got the woman’s bank details.
On Saturday evening, Daniel returned home looking very pleased with himself.
“How did the talks go?” asked Martha.
“Very well, and I gave your family all the money they asked for. Let’s register at home affairs and make things legal. I’m going to phone Ntate to tell him I’ve paid magadi.” Martha stared after him as he went to his bedroom. She went to her room and paced up and down, wondering who to talk to. Desperate, she phoned Dimpho.
“Daniel paid magadi? That’s fantastic! I’m so happy for you,” said Dimpho.
“But I haven’t finished mourning.”
“What are you mourning for? A man who had a child with someone else? There’s nothing to mourn. Good luck.”
“He says you phoned him the day I came to see you at the hospital and say goodbye.”
“Yes, I did.”
“Why?”
“Because you needed looking after, and I knew he’d do it properly.”
“How did you know?”
“I’d seen the way he looks at you, as if you’re every wonderful thing he has ever desired.”
“Oh!”
“Be good to him, I know he’ll be good to you.”
Martha and Daniel registered to marry the following day. Later in the day, Daniel phoned Martha to tell her that they were invited to Marika’s for dinner. They arranged to meet at home, and drive to dinner together.
Marika was hosting dinner with her young husband. They were besotted with each other, touching constantly and following each other with their eyes whenever they were not together. There were about twenty guests, including Josh and Bridget. They watched their mother and stepfather curiously. The meal went well, then everyone left, except Josh, Bridget, Daniel and Martha. Daniel announced that he had paid Martha’s people magadi, and Marika hugged them both. Her husband, Trevor, congratulated them. Martha was surprised when Josh and Bridget followed suit.
Marika then announced that she and Trevor were going on honeymoon, and asked Martha and Daniel to look in on Josh and Bridget while she was gone.
“We don’t need looking after,” said Bridget.
“I say you do. Your father and Martha will look after you, don’t worry,” said Marika.
Victor visited Martha in her office.
“I was surprised to hear that magadi have been paid to your people,” he said. Martha shrugged.
“The nanny you hired is helping Dimpho very much,” he continued.
“I’m glad.”
“The mother of Neo’s son wants maintenance money from me.”
“Good luck.”
“I said I need proof that he’s Neo’s.”
“Why tell me?”
“I want Neo’sbody exhumed so DNA tests can be done.”
“You don’t have to exhume him, I have some of his hair.”
“His hair?”
“Yes, the hair that was cut before he started chemo. He had it cut, saying he didn’t want it falling off randomly. Was he sick? Did he have cancer?”
“That’s what you said he said.”
“Yes, but he lied about several things, I’m not sure that he was sick. Did he ever tell you that he was sick?”
“No.”
“What a fool I was. Meet me at my house after work, I’ll give you the hair.”
“Thanks.”
Martha arrived home later than usual.
“Are you alright?” asked Daniel.
“Yes,” said Martha, then she told him about meeting Victor.
“We need to talk about our wedding. How big do you want it?” asked Daniel.
“Small. A big wedding will result in a big scandal, a small wedding will have a small scandal. I’m sorry, I don’t mean to offend you.” Daniel turned from her and walked away. She followed him into the house and found him seated at the kitchen table.
“We can wait until the mourning period is over, then there’ll be no scandal,” she said.
“There’ll be a scandal anyway. People who knew Neo and I will liken it to a man marrying his son’s widow. Whatever we do, there’ll be a scandal. I don’t care what people think, I want to marry you. Will you be able to stomach all the talk our marriage will cause?”
“Yes.”
“Be sure, Martha.”
“I’m sure.”
They planned their small wedding and phoned service providers, then they met them. Marika and Trevor left for their honeymoon. Every three days, Martha and Daniel went to check on Josh and Bridget. They did not like being checked on, but they always appreciated the food that Martha and Daniel brought them.
Marika and Trevor returned.


CHAPTER SIX
The day that she was getting married, Martha took the day off at work, and dressed well. She and Daniel drove to home affairs in the same car.
They were in the early part of the ceremony, when Martha felt someone staring at her, and turned. She gasped, and leaned into Daniel, feeling her hair stand on end.
“What’s the matter?” he asked.
“Neo.”
“Neo?”
“That’s Neo,” she said, pointing at a man among the guests.
“Martha, you know Neo’s dead,” said Daniel.
“Those are his eyes!” Martha said forcefully.
“It’s not him, Martha. Look, do you not want to marry me?” Martha looked at him.
“Is that your way of saying you don’t want to marry me?”
“No!”
“I want to marry you, Daniel, and if you chicken out, I’ll make you sorry.” Daniel smiled.
“I’m sorry for the interruption,” she said to him, as she straightened, then she apologised to the marriage officer. The rest of the ceremony was without incident.
Afterwards, the guests congratulated them. The man with Neo’s eyes approached, Martha hid behind Daniel.
“This is Neo,” she said. The man smiled.
“Yes, it is,” he said.
“You’re dead,” said Martha, with a pounding heart.
“You can see I’m not.”
“You look different,” said Martha, looking him over.
“I had a face lift.”
“That’s enough. Neo is dead,” Daniel said firmly.
“You always had a thing for her. You were always defending her. It makes sense that you’d marry her. Martha, you’re the only one who recognises me. I’ve been to see Ntate and Victor, nothing,” said Neo.
“I want you to leave,” said Daniel.
“Fine, man, don’t get so upset.”
“Neo,” said Daniel.
“The one and only.”
“If you think you can take Martha from me…”
“Relax, man, I don’t want her. That’s why I left her.” Martha gasped, feeling a pain in her chest. Daniel put an arm round her.
“I’m calling the police,” he said.
“I’m going. Martha, good luck with your timer, me, I found myself a young person to mould into who I want,” said Neo, then he left. Martha stared after him, then she phoned her private investigator to find out about him. She ran after him when the call ended, and called him. He turned, she took a picture of him. He laughed, and left. Martha sent the picture to her investigator, then she returned to Daniel’s side. He was furious.
“Do you want him back?” he demanded.
“No.”
“Do you want an annulment?”
“No! Do you?”
“Of course not.” They led the car of convoys carrying their guests to a hotel for lunch.
Neither of them could eat. Daniel apologised to their guests and said that he and his bride had to leave. He hurried Martha to the car and they drove off.
“Do you think it was Neo?” he asked.
“I know it was him.”
“How did you know?”
“I felt him looking at me, and when I turned, I saw his eyes. You heard the way he speaks, it’s Neo.”
“Yes, the words were his, but the face and voice were different. When we find out what’s going on, I want him arrested.”
“For what?”
“Fraud? Impersonation? Whatever we can make stick.”
“I don’t know why, but I’m no longer curious about him.”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean I was hungry to know what he had thought and felt at the end, but now, after hearing his words, I don’t care anymore. I’ll investigate out of mild curiosity, but it’s not the desperation that led me to Erica’s house in the middle of the night.”
At home, they were both restless.
“I’m going to see my parents and tell them we’re married,” he said.
“Can I come with you?”
“No. Stay, and be sure who you want.”
“I want you.”
“Tell me when I return.”
“I don’t want you to go.”
“Neither do I, but it’s the only way for me not to take advantage of you. I couldn’t live with myself if I did that.” Martha followed him to his room and watched him pack. In a short time, he was driving off. Martha was annoyed with him.
She went to her room and moved her things to his room. She lay on his bed, wondering what she should do with herself. Bored, she went to work. She arrived just after lunch and everyone looked at her strangely. She pretended that it was not odd for a newly-wed person to be at work.
The following day, Victor visited her at work, and told her that Erica’s son was Neo’s.
“I can’t support seven children,” he said.
“Have the hair tested with yours,” she said.
“What?”
“Find out if you have the same genes as the father of that boy.”
“What are you saying? Of course I have…”
“Humour me, I’ll pay.”
“Fine.”
“Do you know this man?” Martha asked Victor, showing him a picture of Neo’s new look.
“No, I don’t,” said Victor.
“Let me know the results of your DNA test with Neo as soon as you get them.”
Later that evening, missing Daniel, Martha phoned him.
“I’m fine, how are you?” he asked.
“I miss you. When are you coming home?”
“Soon.”
“Greet your parents for me.”
“They’re glad we’re married.”
“So am I. Are you?”
“You know I am.”
A week later, Martha returned home and Daniel met her at the car. She put her arms round him and held on tight. He held her just as tightly.
“You came back, I was afraid you were going to find someone else and leave me too,” said Martha.
“You’re the only one I want,” said Daniel, then he kissed her. She stilled, surprised, then she opened her mouth and let him kiss her. She felt his tongue exploring her mouth gently. She explored his mouth, and felt him deepen the kiss. She reciprocated. In a short time, she was leaning back against her car as he pushed against her. She felt his erection on her belly and shimmied against him. He groaned with excitement. She broke the kiss, gasping, as she felt his hand on her bare breast.
“I want you, so much,” panted Daniel.
“I want you too.”
“Let’s get to bed,” he said, kissing her, then he took her hand and hurried her into the house. He closed the front door, pushed her back against it, and kissed her again. She put her hand between their bodies and caressed his erection through his clothes. He broke the kiss, panting into her ear, and thrusting into her hand.
“I want you on a bed, naked,” he panted, then he kissed her, and hurried her to his bedroom. He kissed her, then he took her clothes off as she took his off. They cooperated with each other in shucking off clothes and shoes, then they were naked, and kissing frantically.
Martha opened her eyes when she landed on her back on the bed. She gasped as Daniel opened her legs wide and caressed the petals between her legs. He inserted a finger into her and she moaned, excited. He thrust it in and out of her several times, then a second finger joined the first one, thrusting in and out of her, exciting her further. She made a protesting sound when he withdrew his fingers, then she raised her hips off the bed as Daniel licked her petals, then he licked the place that was weeping with desire for him.
Martha had heard of such things being done, but she had always thought they were for books and fantasies.
“Daniel… Daniel…” she panted, excited out of her mind. The orgasm that had been building in her body overwhelmed her, making her shudder and shake with excitement. Her eyes were closed, as she gripped the bedding with her hands and toes. Finally, she stopped shaking. She opened her eyes. Daniel was lying on the bed beside her, leaning on his elbow, watching her out of eyes that burned her with desire. She felt her own desire reignite, and raised her head to kiss him. He kissed her hard. She held onto his erection, and ran her hand up and down him, as he caressed her petals, exciting her as she was exciting him.
She pushed, he lay on his back, she straddled his thighs, then she took his erection and introduced it to her body. She sank down his shaft slowly, gasping at his huge size, and at how full she felt. She squeezed him intimately and he groaned. She felt his hands on her hips, gripping her, and started sliding up and down his erection. He drew her to lay on his chest, then he rolled, she found herself on her back, with him deep inside her.
He started thrusting his hips with great excitement. She met his downward thrusts with upward thrusts of her own. The excitement in her body built, then she threw her head back as she shuddered with great excitement. When she stopped shuddering, she opened her eyes. Daniel’s eyes were closed as he shuddered in the throes of pleasure. Martha squeezed him intimately and he groaned, shuddering even more. Finally, he stilled and fell on her. She kissed his shoulder several times, then he rolled onto his back, panting, and disconnecting from her. She rolled onto her side to watch him. He had a satisfied smile on his face, she smiled, and ran a finger on his lips. He opened his eyes and watched her.
“That was even better than all my fantasies put together,” he said. She felt her cheeks heat with embarrassment. He raised his head and gave her a gentle kiss, then he looked deep into her eyes.
“Do you regret what we did?” he asked.
“No, do you?”
“Absolutely not. I’m hungry. Let’s get cleaned up and go eat.”
Martha showered and met Daniel in the kitchen. He was in his sleepwear, as she was in hers.
“I cooked when I arrived. Sit down, let’s eat,” he said. They ate enthusiastically. Afterwards, they were too replete to clean up.
“Let’s get to bed. I’m exhausted. The drive back, and the fabulous lovemaking have taken it out of me,” said Daniel, taking Martha’s hand and leading her to the bedroom.
“Which side of the bed do you prefer?” he asked.
“I’ve been sleeping on the right side, it looked like you slept on the left side.”
“I sleep in the middle. Take the side you want.”
“I like the left.”
“Then the left is yours. Get in. I can’t wait to spend the night with you in my arms.” Martha smiled and climbed into bed. Daniel covered her with the blankets, then he went to the other side of the bed, and climbed in.
“Do you mind if I hold you? I’d like to, very much,” he said.
“I’d like that.” He switched off his bedside lamp, and put his arms round her. They shifted until they were comfortable, then they settled.
Martha woke to find herself spooning behind Daniel.
“Finally, you’re awake. I’ve been awake for hours, feeling your arm round me. Feel free to touch me any time,” he said, turning to face her. They watched each other.
“Hi,” she said.
“Hi. Did you sleep well?”
“Yes, and you?”
“Yes. Please make sure you eat healthily, every day.”
“Why?”
“Because I’m going to make love to you and sex you every single day.”
“Daniel!”
“You said you hadn’t had sex in four years. I haven’t been with you in too long, so I have a lot of making up to do. Are you prone to finding excuses to get out of having sex?”
“No.”
“Neither am I. I want you, all the time.” Martha gasped as Daniel put a hand between her legs.
“Open for me,” he said. She lay on her back and opened her legs slightly.
“Better,” said Daniel as he caressed her clit, dipping into her wet opening to lubricate his fingers before caressing her clit again. She closed her eyes and shuddered with excitement. Daniel kissed her deeply. She stopped shuddering and looked at him. He was watching her.
“Alright?” he asked. She nodded. He frowned.
“You must be sore. I’m sorry, I’ll be more considerate in future. I must let you get used to my demands gradually. I can’t expect you to be able to take me every day after so long without being touched. We’ll make love every other day to start with, and then, it will be on, wife. I’m a very demanding husband.” An alarm clock rang, Daniel frowned. Martha turned from him and switched it off.
“Time to get up,” she said. He sucked on each of her breasts briefly, and took his hand off her belly.
After breakfast, he kissed her breathless outside her car, then he helped her into it. She drove to work in a daze. Daniel was true to his word, making love to her every other day. On the days he did not make love to her, they would make out like randy teenagers.
A week after Daniel’s return, Victor visited Martha in her office.
“You’re glowing. It’s disgusting,” he said. Martha smiled. Victor looked her over.
“I don’t think you ever looked this good with Neo. Here are the results of the tests between him and me.”
“You didn’t open them?”
“I didn’t need to.”
“Let’s open them together,” she said, going to sit beside him.
“I don’t need to see them.”
“Humour me.” She opened the envelope. The results said that Neo and Victor had no relationship whatsoever. Victor looked at Martha with horror in his eyes. She gave him water to drink, it did not help. She had him put his head between his knees. When he raised his head, he looked less likely to faint.
“Those results are wrong,” he said.
“I don’t think so.”
“Are you saying Mme cheated on Ntate?”
“No!”
“Then what are you saying?”
“I don’t know.”
“You’re not shocked by the results.”
“No, I’m not.”
“Why not? What do you know that I don’t?”
“I…” Martha’s supervisor walked into the office and demanded that Martha go to her office immediately. Martha excused herself to Victor, and left, relieved.
He phoned her later in the evening, asking her what she knew. She said that she would call him. She phoned her investigator and asked him to get hair samples from Neo. They were sent to her the following day, she had the lab test that hair with Victor’s. The results were out three days later. She invited Victor to a restaurant and showed him the two sets of results.
“How can I have no ties with Neo, and be a brother to this Alfred person? I don’t even know any Alfred,” he said. Martha showed him the picture of the new Neo.
“This is Alfred,” she said.
“I don’t know this man.”
“You don’t know him by that name, you know him by another name.”
“What name?” 
“Neo.”
“Neo?”
“Your brother, Neo.”
“He’s not Neo.”
“He’s your brother, how many brothers do you have?”
“One. Are you saying my brother’s not dead?”
“I’m not sure, I’m having him investigated.”
“Where did you meet him?”
“At my wedding to Daniel.” Victor gave her a searching look.
“Your eyes are not dilated, and you don’t look drunk or crazy. How can you talk nonsense when you’re sober?” he asked.
“It’s not nonsense. When I get the results of my investigation, I’ll share them with you.”
“Don’t bother, I don’t want to be part of whatever fantasy you’re part of,” said Victor, giving her a disgusted look, then he left.
The following day, Martha’s investigator delivered the results of his investigation of Alfred/Neo. He confirmed that Neo had not died. He had swapped places and names and faces with Alfred, whom he had met on one of his business trips to Cape Town. They had each had face lifts to look like the other, then they had swapped places four and half years before.
“You mean I spent the last four years with a stranger?” gasped Martha.
“I’m afraid so.”
“Can you take me to my husband, please? I can’t handle this alone,” said Martha, feeling sick. Her investigator drove her to Daniel’s office. He held Martha tight, asking her what the problem was. She introduced the men, and asked the investigator to tell him what he had told her. They sat down, Martha beside Daniel. He held her tighter when he realised that she had lived with a stranger.
“He could have hurt you, killed you, or done any number of unspeakable things to you,” he gasped.
“Yes. Thankfully, he didn’t,” said the investigator.
“What those men did was criminal. Can you leave your report here? I want to see what can be done,” said Daniel. Martha thanked the investigator, then he left.
“Are you alright?” asked Daniel.
“I am, now that I’m with you.”
“Do you need to go back to work?”
“I took the day off. Can I stay here with you?”
“Of course.”  Martha spent the day watching Daniel working. The people who came into his office looked at her curiously when she was introduced as his wife.
She sent Guy copies of her investigator’s report, then she phoned him to ask him to look at the report as a matter of urgency.
At the end of the day, Daniel drove Martha home. Neither of them could eat. They held each other in the lounge, then they lay awake in bed, holding each other.
Guy arrived in Martha’s office the following morning.
“Are you alright?” he asked.
“Yes, I am now, only because I have Daniel.”
“Neo did you wrong.”
“I know.”
“In light of the investigator’s report, you’re still married to him.”
“Yes.”
“Your new marriage is null and void. Do you want me to send him divorce papers?”
“If we all keep quiet, my new marriage is valid.”
“I don’t advise that. I advise a divorce, and a new marriage. If you have money, you can hurry the divorce.”
“I’ll talk to Daniel.”
When Martha arrived home, Daniel met her at the door, kissed her, and hurried her to the bedroom. He helped her onto her back on the bed, then he raised her skirt and removed her panties. He kissed her petals and the point of her desire while he caressed her clit, exciting her senseless.
When she was writhing in want, he joined his body to hers and they moved together frantically. They shook and shuddered in pleasure at the same time, then they lay beside each other, panting. Daniel put his arms round Martha and held her close.
“I feel sick when I think of you living with a stranger. I want to hold you and never let you go,” he said.
“At least he had the decency not to sleep with me. I don’t understand how I could have missed the differences. They must have been there. He did lose weight fast. I went to London for training, and when I returned two weeks later, he was thin. We never had sex after that.”
“Did you not ask why he was thin?”
“I did, he said it had happened suddenly. I suggested he see a doctor. He insisted on going alone. After his visit, he told me he had cancer.”
“He told me the same thing.”
“He never told Victor.”
“How do you know?”
“I asked him. I had this new Neo and Victor DNA tested, they’re brothers.”
“Did you tell Victor?”
“Yes. He was too shocked to believe that his brother’s alive. He’ll come to me one of these days, and ask me what I know.”
“Are you okay?”
“Yes.”
“Hutchins tells me our marriage is invalid.”
“Guy told me the same thing.”
“I don’t want to be fluff to you, I want a legal and valid marriage to you.”
“Let’s speak to Neo first. If he keeps quiet, and we keep quiet…”
“I want him out of your life, I don’t want him popping up whenever he pleases, claiming you. You’re with me, and only me, just as I’m with you, and only you. Get your lawyer to draw up the divorce papers. We’ll meet Neo, and he’ll sign them, or…” panted Daniel. Martha kissed him gently.
Guy phoned Martha to tell her that Neo would meet her the following evening.
He arrived late at the rendezvous point, and greeted everyone as if he had not kept them waiting. Martha kept a hold on Daniel’s hand to calm him, he was furious.
Guy told Neo that he had to divorce Martha.
“I was never married to her,” he said.
“Neo…” said Guy.
“My name is Alfred.”
“We all know you’re Neo. We’ve had three separate investigators look into you, you’re Neo,” said Hutchins. Neo looked at Martha malevolently.
“Why did you have to recognise me? Why couldn’t you have been like everyone else?” he demanded.
“Why did you leave me with a stranger?” she asked.
“You bored me.” Daniel gasped.
“You could have divorced me. It would have been cheaper than a face lift,” said Martha.
“True, but I wanted to be someone else more than I wanted to be divorced.”
“I don’t understand.”
“I got tired of being Neo the engineer, with the parents I had, and the brother I had. I wanted a life lived alone, with no wife, or other family crowding me. I met Alfred in Cape Town. He was alone in the world and wanted a family. We decided to swap lives.”
“You could have done that without endangering Martha by leaving her with a stranger,” said Daniel.
“He loved you, Dan. I found you suffocating, he saw you as the father he never had. Didn’t you become closer in the past few years?”
“Yes.”
“It was Fred, not me. Martha, he found you as uptight as I did, that’s why he had extracurricular activities.”
“If I was that boring, why did you marry me?”
“I wanted to marry out of my league, and you were that, Martha, way out of my league, with your almost royal ancestry, and the wealth you were born into, and inherited. The social stuff I could handle. But you were so needy, with your hugs and kisses. It was enough to drive a man to hang himself.”
“Why did you never tell me to stop?”
“It was novel for a while, and once it got boring, I didn’t care enough to tell you that you bored me.” Martha nodded, then she smiled.
“Are you alright?” asked Daniel.
“I can’t believe I never saw Neo for who and what he is,” she said.
“I was always thankful for that. If you’d seen me for myself, instead of who you wanted, you’d never have married me,” said Neo.
“Enough chitchat, sign the divorce papers,” said Daniel.
“I’m signing nothing, timer.” Daniel leapt out of his chair and choked Neo. Everyone gasped, and stood. Guy and Hutchins tried to prise Daniel off Neo, and failed. Martha stood behind Neo and put her hands on his choker’s face.
“Daniel, Daniel, please don’t kill him. I want you home with me, not in prison,” she said. He did not seem to hear her. She kissed him, and she was relieved to feel his hands on her forearms as he returned her kisses.
“I can’t breathe,” said a muffled voice. Martha realised that Neo was squashed between her and Daniel. She moved to Daniel’s side and drew him away from Neo. She could hear Daniel, Neo and herself panting.
“Sign the divorce papers, Neo, or I’ll have you arrested for impersonation. With all the evidence I have, you won’t see the light of day any time soon, especially considering all the insurance fraud you’re involved in,” said Daniel. Neo looked at him with hatred.
“Where am I supposed to sign? On the air?” he demanded. Guy presented him with the papers, which he signed without reading.
“Look them over, Laurens,” said Daniel. Guy looked the papers over.
“Everything is in order,” he said.
“Neo, get out of here, and stay away from my wife. If you come near her…” said Daniel.
“You’d better go,” said Hutchins. Neo gave Martha a last look, and left. Daniel followed him.
“I was right,” said Guy.
“About what?” asked Martha.
“That man would kill for you.”
“You noticed that too?” said Hutchins.
“First time I saw them together.”
“Me too.”
“What reasons are given for my divorce from Neo?” asked Martha.
“Abandonment and irreconcilable differences,” said Guy.
“Daniel will see to it that the divorce is processed soon, he wants you married to him,” said Hutchins. Martha nodded. Daniel returned.
“Are you alright, Martha?” he asked.
“Yes.”
“Victor just reunited with his brother.”
“When? How?”
“I told him to come here, then I hurt Neo into admitting the truth to him.”
“Oh. Was that wise?”
“Yes, that way, Victor spills his anger on his brother, not on you. You’ve had enough pain from that family. Let’s go home,” he said, taking her hand.
He made gentle love to her, that left her crying, touched deeply, physically and emotionally. He held her tight all night, and they both called in sick the following day. They spent most of the day in bed, making love or watching movies, or playing games.
Next morning at breakfast, Daniel gave Martha a long look.
“What is it?” she asked.
“Are you alright?”
“Yes.”
“Neo’s words didn’t upset you?”
“Not as much as they would have done if you hadn’t been with me.”
“Do you want to talk about Neo?”
“No. Do you?”
“No. I have to get to work. Have a good day,” said Daniel, then he kissed Martha, and left. She called in sick, and went to see Dimpho. Dimpho held her tight.
“Thank you, for the food, the nanny and the nurse before her,” she said.
“You already thanked me.”
“I want to be sure you know I appreciate you.”
“I do. How are you? I hope you’re getting enough rest. You need to get back to work soon.”
“Victor suggested I stay home for a year.”
“No.”
“Martha!”
“Victor has problems, you need to have your own source of income.”
“Why do you say that?”
“I’m buying food for your family, the family needs another source of income.”
“You’re right.”
“I don’t believe in secrets between couples, but I don’t think Victor needs to know that I was here.”
“I wasn’t going to mention it. He gets upset when he hears your name, and all because you make my life easier.”
“I have to go.”
“Thanks for coming by.”
“Tell me if you need help, with anything.”
“Thank you, I will.”


CHAPTER SEVEN
Martha went to visit her parents’ grave. They had died at the same time, and been buried in the same grave, as they would have wanted. She told them about her marriage to Daniel, and about Neo and his games.
I don’t know what I did wrong to deserve such treatment from him. I guess I’ll never know, she thought. She was driving home, when her phone rang.
“Are you alright?” asked Daniel.
“I’m fine.”
“You’re not at work, or at home, where are you?”
“I went to my parents’ grave.”
“Oh. Are you alright?”
“Yes.” 
“Go home, and don’t let anyone but me into the house.”
“I’m not a child! Don’t speak to me that way.”
“I’m sorry, my Martha. I’m worried about you.”
“What’s the matter?”
“Neo’s family want a word with you. They say you knew he was alive and kept it from them.”
“I can never do right by those people.”
“Don’t worry. You’re getting a bodyguard, I don’t know how well they’ll accept him where you work.”
“They won’t.”
“Maybe you should take an extended leave, until the Neo situation is sorted out.”
“That could take ages.”
“I’m working on a speedy resolution. I love you.” Martha gasped, Daniel told her to drive safely, then he cut the call. When she arrived home, he was already there with a bodyguard for her, and one for himself. He had Hutchins and Guy with him. They all greeted her, and expressed relief that she was fine. Two cars drove up, Victor and his father, and some of Victor’s cousins spilled out of both cars.
A siren was heard, then a police car arrived. Victor’s cousins jumped into a car, and left.
“Can I help you?” Daniel asked Ntate.
“You! You! You knew Neo was alive and kept it from us,” Ntate shouted, pointing at Martha.
“It wasn’t her job to tell you, it was his,” said Hutchins.
“You’re wicked! You’re…”
“Would you like to go back to jail?”
“You have no heart. My wife died because of you. You’re going to…what are you doing?” shouted Ntate, as he was handcuffed.
“There’s a protection order you were served with, to keep you from Ms Martha Dirile. You are violating that order. You are under arrest,” said the police officer that had cuffed him.
“No! No. I’m not…”
“Don’t struggle, timer, I don’t want to hurt you.”
“I…”
“Martha, make him stop. Ntate can’t go to jail,” said Victor.
“You should have thought of that before bringing him to Martha. Go and pay bail for him,” said Guy. Victor watched Ntate put in a police car and driven away, then he looked at Martha.
“How could you not tell me…” he began.
“Martha is no longer a member of your family, she owes you nothing. Your brother should have told you himself. Go away. You have no business with Martha,” said Daniel. Victor was looking at Martha as if he was trying to see inside her.
“I didn’t tell Neo to have plastic surgery, I didn’t tell him to leave me, I didn’t tell him to put a stranger in my home, and I didn’t tell you and your Ntate not to recognise him when he came to you. Whatever issues you have, address them with your family. You and I are done, for good,” said Martha.
“You should have told me,” said Victor.
“Go.” Victor climbed into his car and left.
“I won’t let them harass you again,” said Daniel, caressing Martha’s cheek.
“I won’t let them harass me either. I owe Neo nothing. If I were to owe him something, it would be retribution.”
“Yes, it would.”
“I’m not looking to make him suffer, because I’d rather spend my attention on you.”
“I like the sound of that.”
“However, if he seeks me out, I’ll make him sorry to be alive.”
“Martha!”
“I’m hungry. Are you all coming in? How many people am I cooking for?”
“All of us.”
“Excuse me,” said Martha, walking away. She turned back, kissed Daniel’s cheek, and made for the house. 
The late lunch that she made was enjoyed by everyone, including the bodyguards, then the lawyers left.
“I’m sorry, my Martha, but I have to go back to work,” said Daniel.
“Okay, I’ll see you later.”
“I love you.” Martha smiled. Daniel kissed her, and left. She cleaned up and made dinner. Afterwards, she freshened up, and dressed to seduce. When Daniel returned, she met him at the door. He dropped his bag when he saw her.
“Hi,” she said. He did not respond, too busy looking her body over, then he looked into her eyes.
“Hi,” she repeated. He strode to her, put his arms round her and kissed her until she was dizzy.
“Bedroom, now,” he panted, as he hurried her there. They were all over each other, kissing, stripping, caressing each other. Martha felt Daniel’s fingers caressing between her legs, making her produce more wetness. She touched his erection, and he groaned.
He sat on the edge of the bed, she climbed onto his lap and took him into her body. They moved together frantically, then Martha shuddered with pleasure. Daniel followed her quickly, shuddering in his own pleasure.
Martha panted with her head on Daniel’s shoulder. She raised her head and kissed him. He kissed her tenderly and held her just as tenderly afterwards.
“I’m hungry,” she said. They freshened up, and went to eat.
“My fertility test results come out tomorrow. Please come with me to fetch them,” said Martha.
“I’d love to. What time do we need to meet the doctor?”
“Half past eleven.”
“I’ll organise myself. Give me the address, I’ll be there.”
“Thank you,” said Martha, kissing Daniel.
She did not sleep well, and the following morning, she could not settle to anything. She and Daniel met at the doctor’s reception area, then they were led to the doctor. Martha made the introductions, then the doctor looked at her.
“If you didn’t want children, you should have used birth control, it would have been kinder than what you’ve done to yourself,” she said.
“I want children, I’ve always wanted them. I’d never do anything to jeopardise my chances of having them,” said a surprised Martha.
“Then why is your womb scarred beyond repair? It was scarred by long term ingestion of dangerous chemicals.”
“What?”
“You ingested dangerous chemicals over a long time, probably eight to ten years. The chemicals targeted the uterus and destroyed it, completely.”
“I never did that!”
“Neo must have done it,” said Daniel.
“Neo?” said Martha and the doctor.
“Your late husband that just turned up alive and well,” said Daniel. Martha nodded.
“Yes, Neo hated me enough to have done that. What did I ever do to him?” Daniel put an arm round her.
“Is my wife safe? Does she need to be operated on to remove the chemicals from her body?” he asked.
“I don’t know. No one has seen anything like it. We’d have to do a full body exam to be able to say whether or not an operation is necessary.”
“I see. If we prosecute the person who did this, can you make the health records available?”
“Of course I can. I’d be happy to, no one should be allowed to do that to anyone.”
“Can I have children?” asked Martha.
“No.” Martha closed her eyes, feeling anger as she had never felt it before. He won’t get away with this, she thought.
“Are you alright?” asked Daniel. Martha opened her eyes and looked at him.
“Yes, I’m fine. Are you disappointed that I can’t…”
“No! The important thing is that you stay healthy and alive. When can we do a full medical exam, doctor?”
“The receptionist will arrange one for you, I’ll ask her to give you the first available spot. We don’t know what’s happening in Martha’s body, with those chemicals inside her.”
Martha walked to the car while Daniel arranged an appointment for her. The fury was still with her, but it was not a hot fury that demanded immediate action, it was a cold, bide-my-time kind of fury. She smiled coldly. Neo, you’re going to get what’s coming to you, she vowed.
Daniel joined her and her bodyguard drove off.
“You should go to work,” said Martha.
“I thought I’d spend the day with you,” said Daniel.
“No, thanks, I need time alone.”
“Martha…”
“I won’t hurt myself, I promise.”
“Okay, I do have things to do.”
“We’ll drop you off at work.”
After dropping Daniel off, Martha had herself driven to her parents’ grave. She sat almost three hours, asking them to help her to teach Neo a lesson that he would remember throughout eternity. She returned home to make dinner. Daniel arrived with Josh and Bridget. The guests hogged Daniel’s attention, and Martha was glad, because she needed time with her own thoughts.
She did not get much sleep and climbed out of bed before four the following morning. She made breakfast, then she looked over her life with Neo, wondering when and how he had poisoned her. He had seldom cooked. Had he put the poison in the uncooked food?
She felt weak in the knees when she remembered that he had seldom eaten at home. He had wanted to eat out, or eat at other people’s homes, but never theirs. She had taken cookery classes to try and tempt him into eating at home, but it had not worked. She decided to get her investigator to find out how Neo had poisoned her.
Daniel and his children joined her for breakfast, then they left. Martha phoned her private investigator as she had planned to do. He said he would look into the poisoning. Martha phoned her cousin Boyle and arranged to meet him for lunch.
“Are you alright?” he asked, holding her for a long moment.
“I’m fine, how are you?”
“Fine. Why didn’t you tell me you were getting married again?”
“I was in a bad place. I’m finding out more and more that the Neo I loved never existed, he was all in my head.” Martha then told him about his facelift, and that he had poisoned her. Boyle watched her, horrified by every word that she was uttering. He was speechless when she finished and watched her in silence, until she became uncomfortable.
“How is your family?” she asked.
“They’re fine, cousin. I can’t believe what you just told me. It’s horrible. He won’t get away with it. I don’t know what we’ll do as a family, but we will do something, Martha. He will suffer for treating you so terribly.”
“I’m glad to have your support.”
“You’ve always had it.”
“I didn’t feel it after Neo’s supposed death. His parents wanted me arrested for killing him.”
“Exhume the body.”
“What?”
“Exhume Neo’s fake body.”
“With what in mind?”
“To prove that Neo and that guy changed lives, and show how diabolical the whole plan was. I’ll look into the legal angle.”
“My lawyer and Daniel’s are already looking into it.”
“The more the merrier. We want to nail that man from every angle.” Martha felt more hopeful after her meeting. She went to work, and explained what was happening in her life. The HR director advised her to take three months leave to sort herself out, as she had accumulated leave, and as she had not taken leave at the time of Neo’s death. She filled in the necessary forms, and went shopping for groceries.
Three days later, Daniel accompanied her to have a full body medical exam. Early the following week, Martha’s investigator brought her his findings. Neo had bought harmful chemicals for years over the internet, from a pharmaceutical company whose products were considered harmful by most institutes and practitioners of medicine. The company worked underground, selling their poisons for use in biological warfare.
When Martha finished reading the report, she felt faint, and as if she was in another realm. She lowered her head between her knees, and raised it when she could breathe again. She cooked to take her mind off the horror that she had read about.
Daniel returned home exhausted. Martha fed him, then he went to sleep. She stayed up all night, wondering how to fix things with Neo.
Daniel looked at her two evenings later during dinner, and did a double-take.
“What’s the matter, Martha? Why haven’t you been sleeping?” he asked. Martha pushed the investigator’s report to him.
“Can I read it after dinner?” he asked. She nodded tiredly, and went to sleep after dinner. When she woke up, she was alone. She freshened up and went to the kitchen, it was empty. She heard voices from the study, and went to open the door. Everyone looked up.
“Oh!” she said. The room had about eight people in it.
“Hi, Martha. We’ve ordered breakfast. Join us,” said Daniel, holding a hand out to her. She greeted the guests, and went to sit beside Daniel.
“I hated that report you gave me, so I called Hutchins, your lawyer, your cousin and his lawyer, and several other consultants. We’re all working to find a way to make Neo suffer the most. We’ve still to agree on the best way forward. For now, we’re wrapping up,” he said. Martha nodded. The men decided on another time to meet. The doorbell rang, Daniel went to see who it was, and returned with food.
Martha went to get crockery in the kitchen, and everyone ate, then the guests left.
“I’m sorry about the things Neo did to you,” said Daniel.
“You didn’t make him do them.”
“I felt like he was my son. I have to apologise for his bad behaviour.”
“Don’t, he’ll apologise. Did you sleep at all?”
“No, that report needed immediate attention. I’m going to work, do you want to come with me?”
“What would I do?”
“Sit with me.”
“Okay.” Daniel freshened up, then he and Martha went to his office, and Marika put her to work. She was glad to have something to do. When she finished running Marika’s errands, she was exhausted. She ordered lunch, and asked Daniel if she could join him in his office. After the meal, she sat watching him work.
Late that night, Martha climbed out of bed, unable to sleep. She climbed into her car and a man climbed in beside her. She looked at him, startled, then she realised that he was one of the bodyguards.
“Where are we going at this hour?” he asked.
“There’s something I have to do.” She drove to Neo’s home, and parked outside his gate. It was a big place. The insurance scams were obviously working well for him.
“Why are we here?” asked the man beside her.
“We’re waiting for the man who lives in there to do something, so I can stalk him.”
“Martha!”
“He hurt me, and I want him to pay for it.”
“Men hurt women, and women hurt men, it’s no reason to stalk someone.”
“It is, when he deliberately hurts your reproductive organs by feeding you poison for many years. It’s a miracle I’m alive. I don’t know how I’ll make him sorry for doing it, but I will.”
“Can we go home now?”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“Because something told me to come here, and I’m not leaving until it tells me to go. Feel free to leave.” A car drew up to Neo’s gate, and he climbed out of it. The car drove off. Other cars arrived at his gate, and several people climbed out of them and rushed him. Martha watched as he was beaten viciously, and then dropped onto the ground like trash. The people that had beaten him drove off.
“Can we go now?” asked the bodyguard.
“No, let’s help him.”
“What?”
“We’ll take him to hospital, and you’ll take him in, because you can’t be connected to him.”
“Must we?”
“We must.” After dropping Neo at the hospital, and giving Victor’s payment details, they left.
“Where have you been?” roared Daniel, as Martha entered the house.
“Calm down,” said a startled Martha.
“Where…how could you let her go out at night?” Daniel demanded of the bodyguard.
“I didn’t ask his or anyone else’s permission. I had something to do.”
“What was so urgent that you…” Martha approached Daniel and kissed him. He broke the kiss, she kissed him again. He was unresponsive at first, then he put his arms round her and kissed her until she was weak in the knees.
“You’re coming to bed, now,” he panted aggressively.
“Okay,” panted Martha. Daniel was surprised that she did not argue. In the bedroom, he stripped her, caressed her all over until she was insane with desire, then he joined his body to hers. They moved together at a frantic pace. Martha shuddered as pleasure filled her body, then she felt Daniel shuddering too. He collapsed on her, panting, then he moved to lay beside her, an arm across her belly.
“If I lost you, I’d die,” he said.
“I don’t want to be lost to you.”
“Then why do you leave at night and not tell me?”
“I…”
“You what, my Martha? You’re my everything, haven’t you realised that yet?”
“Yes, I have.”
“Then why endanger yourself?”
“I get hunches. I can’t prove anything about them, but I believe in them, I know no one else will believe as I do.”
“I will.”
“Daniel…”
“If you believe it, then I’m willing to believe with you.”
“Oh!”
“Next time you get a hunch, let’s act on it together.”
“I’d like that.”
Next evening, Guy and Hutchins joined Martha and Daniel for dinner.
“Neo was beaten badly and thinks he’s dying. He wants to talk to you, Martha,” said Guy.
“Is he dying?” asked Daniel.
“I paid the doctors well to tell him that he is,” smiled Hutchins.
“You better go, Martha, he may tell you more things in his condition,” said Guy.
“They’ll let you in any time, the sooner the better, before he realises that he’s healthy,” said Hutchins.
“Are you prepared to go now?” asked Daniel.
“Yes, I’ll get my bag,” said Martha as she left the room. 
Neo looked at Martha out of tired eyes. He told her about poisoning her reproductive organs, then he admitted to killing Alfred, as he needed to leave Cape Town because people there were wising up to his insurance scams, and as he did not want problems when he came to Joburg. He smiled as he talked about the insurance scams that had worked for him, admiring his own con artistry. He concluded by telling her about stealing money from his parents and blaming the neighbour, who was jailed for six months for the theft. Martha did not respond.
“I’m sorry I poisoned you,” he said.
“Why did you do it?”
“I didn’t want children. You used to make me sick, saying we should have them. It would have been harder to leave you if we’d had them. You shouldn’t be alive, considering how much poison you consumed.”
“Did you want to kill me?”
“It would have helped.”
“Why didn’t you just divorce me?”
“I wouldn’t have inherited your wealth if I’d divorced you.”
“Did Alfred poison me?”
“He refused.”
“What did you want from me?”
“The only thing I ever wanted from you was your money. Do you think it’s a coincidence that your parents died together?”
“Yes, an unfortunate coincidence.”
“I arranged it.”
“What?”
“They had spoken to me several times about helping you to see me for who I am. I couldn’t have that, so I got rid of them.”
“Did you kill them personally?”
“Yes. I never thought it would be so hard to kill them.” Martha gasped and leaned into Daniel, who was standing beside her.
“How did you kill them?” she asked.
“I tied them up and stabbed them, then I drove them to a cliff, put them in the front seats and lit the car before pushing it over the cliff. It took longer than I expected for the bodies to burn. As you know, they were identified by their dental records and rings.”
“Oh, Modimo,” panted Martha. She felt hot and cold with horror, and as if she was going to be sick.
“I couldn’t believe how hard you cried for them. Days and days, Martha. You didn’t run out of tears. I thought it was pathetic. Did you cry for me too? I wish I’d seen that. You’re probably the only one whose tears were genuine.” Martha left. She felt sick. Daniel caught up with her and took her hand, leading her out of the hospital. They paced the grounds as Martha tried to process what she had heard.
Finally, she fell to her knees.
“Martha?” said Daniel, sitting beside her, a concerned look on his face. Martha laughed mirthlessly.
“He is evil, utter evil,” she said. He nodded.
“How does anyone punish him enough? Death is too good for him. He needs to live, in circumstances he hates, with no chance of escape, and to know that his actions against my parents and me got him there. Is there a place that can provide such treatment?” she asked.
“I don’t know.”
“Can we get out of here?”
“Of course.”
“When daylight comes, I want to go to my parents’ grave.”
“Of course.”
“Do you mind coming with me?”
“I’ll come with you.” They drove home and sat in the lounge.
“If you want to talk, I’m here,” said Daniel. Martha nodded.
A few hours later, they went to Martha’s parents’ grave. Martha apologised to them for what they had gone through at Neo’s hands, then she sat almost an hour with them. Afterwards, Daniel drove her home, freshened up, then he went to work.
Martha took the recording of Neo’s confession to Guy, and left before he could listen to it. She drove about, trying to accept the real Neo and feeling so full of disappointment in him and his actions, and in herself for having been so blind. She stopped off at a restaurant to get food for her bodyguard.
She was looking into a glass of water, when it occurred to her that Neo was over his actions. He was not agonising about them the way that she was. He had made a new life for himself, and moved on from what he had done to her and her parents.
She realised that she had a new man, who exceeded all her expectations of what a husband was. She would focus on him, and let the disappointment go. She would eliminate Neo from her thoughts and her vocabulary and pretend he never existed, as he had done with her and her parents. She knew it was going to take time, but she pledged to live and enjoy a life of great possibilities with Daniel.
She drove home, freshened up, and booked a reservation at Daniel’s favourite restaurant. She was glad that he was receptive to dining out.
“Are you alright?” he asked, as he drove them home after the meal.
“I’ve decided to enjoy life, with you. I’m going to pretend that piece of garbage never existed.”
“But he did.”
“I know, but I don’t have to focus on him. I want to focus on you. You bring me so much joy and pleasure, and that’s what I want to focus on. Are you okay with being the priority in my life?”
“Of course, my Martha.”
A week later, Neo was escorted from hospital to jail for his death bed confession. He had been informed that he was not dying, and regretted having made the confessions. He claimed to have been tricked into confessing, and that the drugs he had been given had made him hallucinate and claim to have done things that he had not done.
Martha decided that a trip out of town would do her good. She asked Daniel if they could visit his parents, and he agreed. On the day of departure, things came up at his office, and he could not go. Martha decided to go alone. 
Her in-laws were very pleased to see her. She helped Mme as much as she could, and in the evenings, she and her in-laws talked, getting to know each other. Three days later, she returned home. 
Daniel held her a long time.
“Are you alright?” she asked.
“Yes. I’m so glad you’re alright. Neo had some of his pals try to take you out.”
“What?”
“He’s the leader of a gang of crooks, and they tried to hurt you, and make you stop making Neo’s life difficult. I’m so glad you were out of town. No one will hurt you.”
“I’d appreciate that.”
They had dinner, which Daniel had cooked, then Martha showered and went to sleep. The following day, she planned her wedding, since she was getting a second chance at marrying Daniel. She was certain of her feelings for him, and she wanted the world to know how precious he was to her. It took her three days before she was satisfied with the plan, then she started designing her wedding dress. She would sew it herself, and make Daniel proud to be seen with her.
She invited Josh and Bridget to dinner, and she was glad that Daniel was happy to see them. They talked freely and even helped with the cleaning. They spent the night, and left in the morning.
Some days later, Martha and Daniel went to get the results of Martha’s full body medical exam. Nothing could be done for her. The doctors were amazed that she was alive, considering the amount of poison that had been found in her body.
“What can be done?” asked Daniel.
“Nothing. We don’t even know if we should recommend life style change or prescribe something. It’s not something we like to say, but we have to say it in this case. We don’t know what to do,” said the doctor.
Martha and Daniel looked at each other, then Martha looked at the doctor.
“How much time do I have?” she asked.
“We don’t know. It could be a day, a year, thirty years, we really don’t know.”
“If I’d died, what would the symptoms have been?”
“We don’t know, this is a new kind of chemical. We’re still to investigate it. Would you be willing to let us observe you and learn more about it?”
“No.”
“It would help you too.”
“No, thanks. I’ll take my chances.”
“You could live longer, because of what we find out.”
“No, thanks. Ask the organisation that makes the chemicals for details. I have the name, address and contact details for some of the people involved. Here they are,” said Martha, taking a paper out of her handbag and handing it to the doctor.
“We already have you here, we could…” he said.
“No, thanks. Let’s go, Daniel,” she said, leading the way out.
They were silent on the way home. Martha made lunch, which neither of them could eat. Daniel stood, helped Martha to her feet and held her tight.
“I can’t lose you,” he said.
“I’m sorry, I don’t know how to comfort you.”
“What are we going to do?”
“I don’t know. I’m sure we’ll think of something.”
“I have to go to work.”
“I know. I’ll see you later.” Daniel kissed her and left. Martha went shopping for material for her wedding dress, and started cutting it out. It needed all her focus, and took her mind off the things that she had no answers for.
“What are you doing?” asked Daniel. Martha looked up. It was dark outside.
“Hi,” she said.
“Hi. What are you doing?”
“Making my wedding dress.”
“Oh! I never knew people did that.”
“Neither did I, but I want to. I’ve been so busy with this, I haven’t made dinner.”
“No problem. I brought takeaways.”
“Thank you. When do you want to eat?”
“In an hour.” Daniel kissed her, and left. In a short while, he was back.
“Can we eat?” he asked. Martha looked up, surprised.
“Are you alright?” asked Daniel.
“I’m fine.”
“You’re upset.”
“I don’t want to talk about it.”
“When you do, I’m available.”
“Thanks. I’ll warm your food for you.”
“You have to eat.”
“Later.”
“I can’t lose you.”
“You won’t, I want to be with you.”
Martha continued to work on her dress while Daniel ate. Afterwards, he kissed her and went to sleep. Martha worked until after three in the morning, then she went to sleep.
She was woken by a kiss. She opened her eyes. Daniel was leaning over her, watching her.
“Hi,” he said.
“Hi.”
“Are you alright?”
“Yes.”
“I love you.” Martha nodded. Daniel kissed her and left. Martha slept, and continued to work on her gown when she woke. She made dinner after four, then she put her dress away, and freshened up. She phoned Daniel to ask where he was, then she and her bodyguard drove to him at his office.
She knocked on the door, and entered at his invitation. He finished what he was writing, then he looked up.
“Martha? Is everything alright?” he asked.
“Everything is fine. I’ve come to fetch you home. Are you done?”
“I’ll be done in an hour.”
“Can I wait here?”
“That would be great.” Martha walked round his desk to his side, then she pulled his chair back, straddled his lap, and kissed him deeply. She felt excitement as he thrust his tongue deep in her mouth, and fondled her breasts. The door opened, and they broke the kiss, looking to see who had opened it.
Marika was standing there, smiling.
“Hi, Martha,” she said. Martha nodded, and tried to stand. Daniel lowered his hands to her hips and kept her in place. She looked at him, surprised. He kissed her, then he released her. She stood, and went to sit across from him. Marika sat beside her and talked to Daniel. Martha watched him look between her and Marika.
He and Marika finished, and she left. Daniel looked at Martha.
“I have to finish up,” he said.
“I know.”
“I can’t focus with you in here.”
“Where should I go?”
“Stay, I’ll go to the board room.”
“Okay. I love you.”
“What?”
“I love you.” Daniel stood, approached Martha, helped her to her feet and kissed her until her knees buckled. He helped her into her seat, and watched her. His phone rang. He picked it up, and left the room as he talked on it.
Martha closed her eyes, aroused beyond belief. She opened her eyes after catching her breath, and paced about the office. She wanted to follow Daniel and touch him all over in his board room.
She had decided that since she did not know when she would die, she would do everything that she wanted to, while she still could. She found paper and pen on the desk, sat down in Daniel’s chair, and wrote down suggestions for a honeymoon.
When she was done, she wrote all the things that she wanted to do before she died. She sat back and reviewed the list, it was not long, and it was feasible within a year.
The door opened, and Daniel walked in.
“I like the look of you there,” he said. Martha stood as Daniel approached the desk. She met him as she went to her chair, he put his arms round her and kissed her. She ended up leaning back against his desk, panting on his chest as he ran his hands down her back. He helped her to her feet and fondled her buttocks, pressing her belly into his erection.
“We need to get home,” he whispered as he sucked on her ear lobe.
“We’ll never get home if you keep touching me that way.” Daniel kissed her and released her. He packed up, took her hand, and led her to the car. The drive home seemed endless.
When they arrived, someone was waiting for them on their doorstep. Daniel tensed, then he climbed out of the car, and approached the stranger. Martha followed him.
“Who are you, and what do you want?” he asked from behind his bodyguard, who would not let him get closer to the stranger.
“I’m looking for Martha Dirile,” said the man.
“You still haven’t identified yourself.”
“Are you Martha?” the man asked her.
“Identify yourself, or leave,” said Daniel aggressively. The man looked at him.
“I’m Ondius Mofoketi, I’m Alfred Mongezi’s lawyer,” he said.
“And what is your business here?”
“My client tells me Martha Dirile tricked him into saying several things.”
“Tell your client to go to hell. Get off my property.”
“If you’re Martha, you need to know that there are serious penalties for what you did. Drop the suit against my client, or face jail,” he said to Martha.
“Leave!” shouted Daniel.
“Tell Martha to call me,” he said, holding a card out to Daniel. Daniel did not take it. The man let it drop, and left. Daniel picked it up and tore it to small pieces. Martha took his hand and led him into the house.
He gasped, his bad mood forgotten when he realised how seductively everything had been set up in the dining room.
“Do you want to be here, with me, or do you want to be cross?” she asked, as she started unbuttoning her top. He approached her, and kissed her.
Afterwards, they lay panting beside each other on the floor.
“I didn’t know I could still do that on the floor,” he panted. Martha nodded.
“You blow my mind. I never knew the things you do were done in real life, I always thought they only existed in books and the porn Neo liked us to watch before sex,” she said.
“You’re all I need to get me going.”
“You’re all I need too,” said Martha, as she sat up.
“Thank you,” she said.
“For what?”
“Loving me, and showing that I still have so much to live for.”
“I’m happy to be with you.”
They freshened up, ate and went to sleep.
Neo’s lawyer returned the following day to see Martha. She ignored him as he rang the doorbell, banged on the door, and called out to her. Eventually, he left, after sliding his card under the door. Martha picked it up and phoned Guy to tell him about the visit. Guy said he would talk to the man.
Martha went to visit her parents’ grave and told them that she had decided against vengeance as she did not know how much time she had left. She apologised for not taking things further, and told them that she had decided to get some joy out of life, real joy, since her joy with Neo had never been real.
Josh came to dinner with Cassy, a friend of his. After the meal, he announced that he wanted to marry Cassy. Daniel gave Cassy a long look and looked at Josh. Martha asked Cassy to help her in the kitchen, and they left.
“You’re a whole lot younger than your husband,” said Cassy.
“Yes.”
“You look happy together.”
“We are.”
“I hope Josh and I can have what you have.”
“Good luck.”
Guy phoned Martha the following day to tell her that Neo/Alfred was working hard to make his death-bed confession null and void. He suggested that Martha have the real Alfred’s body exhumed and have a more detailed autopsy done. Martha agreed, and he said that he would come to her with the paperwork.
Later that week, Alfred’s body was exhumed, and an autopsy was performed. The results would be out the following week.
Martha finished her gown, and started investigating how best to do the things that she wanted to do. Daniel took her out to dinner, they danced afterwards, and then Martha said she needed to talk to him.
“I don’t know how long I have to live, so I want to do everything that I’ve always wanted to do. I’ve looked on the internet to see how best I can do them. I want to share my experiences with you, but you work. I could work my plans round your work,” she said.
“What do you want to do?”
“I want to go absailing, to climb Kilimanjaro, to see where the two oceans meet on our coast, to see Table Mountain, to visit the village my parents came from, to learn some African craft making, to learn the songs my grandparents used to sing, and to consult a nanga. All those are things I’ve been curious about.”
“That sounds interesting.”
“I was hoping to do them with you, and maybe do some things that you want to do. Is there anything you’ve never done that you’ve always wanted to do?”
“Yes, I want to see the Victoria Falls, see a live lion, dance until dawn with my wife, have a threesome…”
“What?”
“I’d like to, but I don’t know how my wife will feel about it.”
“Your wife says no!” 
“Okay.”
“I said no!”
“I said okay.”
“You’re not arguing?”
“I only want to do what pleases you.”
“Oh, okay. What else do you want to do?”
“I want to paint a picture of my parents’ homestead, I want to put solar power there, and I want to be buried traditionally, like men, like my ancestors.”
“Wow!”
“I’m going to take a year off work, and we can do all that.”
“Except the burying part. I can’t be a widow again.”
“I don’t want to make you a widow, nor do I want to be a widower.”
“I can’t promise you that.”
“You have to promise to live as long as you can.”
“I promise to live as long as I can. Having you makes me want to live.”
“Good. I’m not going to let work or anything else keep me from you, or from being part of your experiences. I think we should have you checked on regularly.”
“That’s smart.”
“I’ll speak to Marika and organise myself. Give me a month at least, and then we’ll get on with things.” Martha put her arms round Daniel and gave him a fervent kiss.
When they arrived home, Daniel was all over Martha, and exhausted her with pleasure.
Guy phoned Martha to tell her that Alfred’s autopsy results were out, and his body had been buried. The results were expected later. 


CHAPTER EIGHT
Neo’s case was in court a few days later. He was charged with impersonating Alfred, poisoning Martha and killing Alfred. His lawyer portrayed Martha as a domineering nag, who had driven Neo to the end of his tether. He had tried to kill himself to get away from her, and been stopped by his brother. 
He had tried to divorce her, and she had refused. He had been forced into having a facelift to get away from her.
Martha sat gaping at the mountain of lies that was weaved, very convincingly, about her. Things that she had said and done were twisted, and made to look like the meanness of a wicked and bitter woman, who resented her husband for having less money than she had.
She looked at Daniel, unable to believe what they were hearing. Witnesses were brought forward, including Victor and his father, who testified that Martha had driven Neo to the end of his tether. Martha had not expected anything other than negative talk from Neo and his father, but Victor’s words cut her deeply. 
During recess, she phoned Dimpho and told her that she would no longer be paying for the helper that she had hired for her.
“Why?” asked Dimpho.
“Because your husband lied about me in court, I can never see my way to forgiving him. I’m sorry that you have to be caught in the middle.”
“I’ll never manage without her help.”
“Then go back to work. I told you to do that, didn’t I?” shouted Martha, then she cut the call, with tears running down her cheeks.
“Are you alright?” asked Daniel.
“I have been nothing but good family to Victor. How could he lie about me like that?”
“I don’t know,” said Daniel, putting his arms round her. She held onto him tight, then she pulled herself together.
“Dimpho’s crying, because you’ve stopped paying for her helper,” said Victor, standing beside Martha and Daniel.
“Go away,” growled Daniel.
“You pay if you want her,” said Martha, then she walked away.
“I thought you said she was your sister, how can you leave your sister to suffer?” asked Victor.
“She’s no longer my sister, since her husband lies about me.”
“How will she manage?”
“I don’t know, and I don’t care. I’m having you served with a protection order.”
“For what?”
“Stay away from me, or…”
“Let’s go,” said Daniel, putting an arm round Martha’s waist, and leading her away. She took several deep breaths, then she turned to Daniel, and stopped walking.
“When this trial is over, can we go away?” she asked.
“I’ll talk to Marika.”
“I’m not trying to put you under pressure, but I need to get away from here.”
“I know. I love you.”
“I love you too.”
The court session resumed. Martha was painted as an unfaithful woman who had cheated on Neo with his best friend, Daniel. Martha and Daniel looked at each other, their mouths open in shock. Martha was painted as having been the reason that Marika had broken up with and subsequently divorced Daniel.
I never knew Neo was this wicked, thought Martha. The prosecution proved that Neo had poisoned Martha for years, then he had left her in the hands of a stranger, endangering her life. After that, he had killed Alfred, and left Martha to grieve for a man who had not died. It was proved that Martha had had nothing to do with Daniel’s divorce, and that she had been nothing but a loving wife to Neo. Court was adjourned.
“He’s going to walk out of that court room a free man,” said Martha.
“I’m afraid so,” said Daniel.
“The prosecution hasn’t got enough incidents to paint me as a good woman.”
“You are.”
“Am I? How did I end up with that…that…monster?” They were silent for a while.
“I’m sorry about my last words. I don’t want to think about Neo, I want to think about you,” said Martha.
“Do you want to eat out?”
“No, I want to be at home.” They had just climbed out of the car at their home, when another car drew up beside theirs. Marika and Trevor climbed out of the car.
“Hi, you two. We heard what happened in court and decided to bring you dinner,” said Marika as she approached Martha, and put her arms round her. Martha returned the embrace, then she withdrew from it, and greeted their guests.
Daniel unlocked the front door, and everyone went to the kitchen. Martha and Daniel had no appetite. Trevor and Marika cracked so many jokes, that they ended up eating, the court case forgotten. 
When they woke the next morning, they were all in the lounge, Marika was sleeping beside Trevor, her head on his lap, Martha was sitting beside Daniel, her arms round his waist, his arm round her shoulders.
They smiled sheepishly at each other, then Marika and Trevor made their goodbyes and left. Martha and Daniel freshened up and returned to court.
The two lawyers summarised, there was a recess, then court resumed, and the judge gave his ruling. Neo had been tried by his wicked wife to unbearable levels, and he had been forced to do what he had done, as he had felt helpless. His leaving of Martha with a stranger had been dangerous and foolish, but given his state of mind, it was understandable.
He was sentenced to six years in jail for impersonation, but they were suspended. He was told to steer clear of the wrong side of the law in the next two years, otherwise, whatever sentence he received would begin with the six years that he had been given.
Martha and Daniel looked at each other as Victor and his father congratulated Neo and his lawyer. The three men then walked out of the court room, all giving Martha victorious looks. She closed her eyes, feeling let down by the system, and close to tears.
“Don’t cry over him. You wept enough tears for him,” said Daniel. Martha nodded and pulled herself together. She opened her eyes and looked at Daniel. 
“I’m ready to go out of town whenever you are,” she said.
“I’ll be ready in a week.”
“I don’t know if I can last that long.”
“I’ll see what I can do. Let’s go home.”
“I need to work, otherwise, I might do something stupid.”
“You want to come and work with me?”
“Yes.” Over the next few days they went to work together, then they left for the Victoria Falls. They found them stunning and wonderful. They went to see the animals in the area, and found that many of them they also had in South Africa.
They unwound, and spent time talking, making love, and planning where they would go next.
They returned home, and Daniel returned to work, while Martha worked on her wedding dress, finishing it in a week. After that, she started going to work with Daniel.
“Why don’t you start your own business?” he asked.
“Why?”
“You have the capacity to run it, and you have the financial resources. You can do it.”
“Maybe, after we return from doing all that we’ve ever wanted to do. There’s no point in starting something, and then leaving before it gets off the ground properly.”
They went to visit Daniel’s family, where she met his three sisters and their families, and his brother and his family. She felt very accepted, and appreciated, unlike how she had felt when she had first met Neo’s family.
They returned home, and Daniel had to work long hours as Marika was out of the country.
CHAPTER NINE
Martha and Daniel were dining one evening, when the doorbell rang. Daniel went to open the door.
“What do you want here? Get out of here. Go away!” shouted Daniel. Concerned, Martha hurried to the front door.
“Neo? What do you want?” she demanded.
“Whatever it is, you’re not getting it here!” shouted Daniel, as he shut the door in Neo’s face. Neo pounded on the door, calling Martha’s name. Martha phoned the police and told them that there was an intruder on her premises.
“Neo!” she shouted. The pounding stopped.
“Neo, the police are coming to take you into custody for violating the protection order,” she continued.
“I’ll be back,” he said, then he left. Martha phoned the police to tell them that the intruder had left, then she told Guy about Neo’s unwanted visit. After that, she had her work cut out for her calming Daniel as he was very upset. Finally, she managed to get him to sit down, and continue with their meal. 
Neo returned several times, demanding to see Martha, and each time, she refused. The security agents that Daniel had hired had to work very hard to get him off the premises each time. He returned and Daniel stood with a murderous expression on his face.
“I want to hear what he has to say,” said Martha.
“Are you insane?”
“No. It must be important, he never puts himself out for anything unless it’s really important.”
“No.”
“Yes. Call Guy, or a hire a bodyguard, but I’m seeing him.”
“You owe him nothing!”
“I know.” 
“Fine, but he’s not coming into my house.”
“Fine. Are you coming with me?”
“Try and stop me!”
“I won’t,” she said, kissing his cheek. He held her tight.
“Why won’t they leave you alone?” he asked.
“The sooner we see him, the sooner he’ll leave.”
“Fine. I’m filming it.”
“Okay. Thank you for caring.” Daniel gave her a hard kiss, then he led the way to the front door, and opened it.
“Let him go,” he said to the guards, who were trying to wrestle Neo off the premises, as he shouted out Martha’s name.
The guards and Neo stilled, then the guards released him.
“What do you want? And speak with respect, otherwise, you’re out of here,” said Daniel. Neo looked from him to Martha. She was shocked by how gaunt and tired he looked.
“Are you going to tell me what you want, or will you leave?” she asked.
“Forgive me,” he said.
“What?” she frowned.
“I need you to forgive me.”
“I don’t understand.”
“Forgive me for killing your parents.” Martha laughed in disbelief.
“You must be high. Get out of here,” said Daniel.
“Martha, please, forgive me,” continued Neo.
“That will never happen. Get him out of here,” said Martha as she returned to the house.
“Please, Martha, please, I’m begging you,” shouted Neo, as Daniel closed the door.
“Martha, please, please,” shouted Neo, as his voice became lower as he was dragged away.
Martha looked at Daniel. He was watching her.
“He has a nerve, coming here to ask that of me,” she said.
“Yes, he does. What happens when he returns?”
“He won’t. I gave him my answer.”
“He’ll be back Martha, because you gave into him once. People like him thrive on taking advantage of kindness.”
Martha did not want to believe Daniel, but a small part of her wondered what she would do if Neo did return.
Neo returned, during the day, when Daniel was at work, pleading and begging Martha to forgive him. She ignored him most days, not even bothering to open the door, but sometimes, she sat in the house, listening to him, wondering if forgiving him would get him to go away, and stop making her uncomfortable in her own home.
He arrived one evening and shouted that she should forgive him, he even offered her money and property. She and Daniel looked at each other, shocked that he would make such an offer.
“This must be important to him. He wouldn’t offer money willingly,” said Martha.
“What do you want to do?” asked Daniel.
“Nothing.”
Neo returned offering more money and property, then he came with his father, who said that Neo would give Martha whatever she wanted. Martha was stunned that Neo would go to the extent of convincing his father to support him. He returned several times with his father, then he arrived several times with Victor and their father. They would stand outside her home and plead and beg her to forgive Neo.
She finally took to telling the guards never to let Neo, his father, or Victor onto the premises. Several times, they told her that Neo and his family had arrived at the gate wanting to speak to her. Each time they had asked the guards to tell Martha that Neo was begging for her forgiveness, and would give her whatever she wanted, no matter where he had to go to find it.
She was surprised one morning, when Dimpho arrived on her doorstep. She opened the door, and looked at her enquiringly.
“Hi, Martha,” she said.
“Hi, Dimpho. What can I do for you?”
“Can I come in?”
“No.”
“Martha?”
“Does Victor know you’re here? He and I no longer talk, and therefore, I no longer talk to you. What do you want?”
“Is that the way to greet your sister?”
“You’re not my sister. State your business, or leave.”
“Please forgive Neo.”
“What?”
“Please forgive Neo.”
“What for? And why are you pleading for him?”
“He asked me.”
“And you agreed why?”
“Because he wouldn’t stop.” Martha gave Dimpho a searching look, she looked thinner, and Martha wondered if she was being strained by looking after the children without help.
“Tell him you saw me, and that I told you to tell him to get my parents to forgive him, because I never will.”
“Martha, please.”
“No.”
“He needs your forgiveness.”
“Goodbye. Get off the premises before I ask the security guards to remove you,” said Martha as she closed the door. She heard Dimpho driving off, and closed her eyes, uncertain how to feel about seeing her.
When she told Daniel about it, he was not impressed.
“They are trying to force you into doing something you don’t want to. Don’t yield, my Martha.”
Dimpho did not return, but the guards told Martha that Neo and his father returned often.
Martha woke with a scream.
“Are you alright?” asked Daniel. Martha turned to him and put her arms round him.
“Martha?” said Daniel.
“I had a horrible dream.”
“Do you want to talk about it?”
“No.”
“You’re safe.”
“Yes.” Martha did not go back to sleep, too afraid of what she had seen. Over the following week, she was constantly woken by nightmares. One morning, Daniel found her in the kitchen, in her sleepwear.
“When did you get here?” he asked. Martha started, and looked at him.
“Hi,” she said.
“When did you leave our bed?”
“Just before midnight.”
“And you’ve been up all night?”
“I have to put a stop to all this.”
“Do you want to see a therapist?”
“I need to see my family and Neo.”
“What?”
“If I want to sleep ever again, I have to forgive him.”
“Why do you say that?”
“I wake up every night, because I see my parents being killed by Neo.”
“Oh!”
“The only way to stop the nightmares is to forgive him, and have a cleansing ceremony for all of us.”
“How do you know?”
“You remember I told you that I get hunches?”
“Yes.”
“This is one of them.”
“Okay. How can I help?”
“I’ll contact my family, and when I have a date and time for a meeting with them, I’d like you to please contact Neo, and tell him to come.”
“Okay.”
Martha contacted her cousin, who said he would contact the rest of the family, and come up with a date and time. In a matter of hours, he phoned her back, and gave her the details. She phoned Daniel to tell him, and he said he would contact Neo.
Three days later, everyone met at the home of her cousin, Boyle. They greeted Martha, concerned about her exhausted look. She told them why she had asked for the meeting, and they thought that she was insane to want to forgive Neo.
Neo then arrived with his father and brother. Martha’s cousin welcomed everyone, and gave Martha the floor. She told them how Neo had confessed to killing her parents, and denied doing it in court. She then told them how he had been bothering her for three months, begging her to forgive him. She said she had asked for the meeting in order for the family to forgive Neo, and perform a cleansing ceremony.
Her family protested, and wanted to throw Neo and his family out. She protested and told them about her parents haunting her dreams, showing her how they had been killed. She described the killings in detail, and when she was done, everyone had tears in their eyes, then they turned murderous eyes on Neo.
“Please, can we just forgive him, and get him out of my life,” said Martha.
“No. He deserves to be in jail,” said an uncle.
“There was a trial, the judge set him free.”
“Then he needs another trial.”
“I can’t go through another trial.”
“Forgiving him tells him we congratulate him for killing your parents.”
“Forgiving ensures that I never have to see him again.”
“But…”
“We have to forgive him and perform the ceremony!” shouted Martha. Everyone was stunned into silence. She looked dangerous.
“Fine,” said Boyle. 
The family then asked Neo and his family to excuse them. They then discussed what to fine Neo. They could not agree, as those who had an idea of what should be demanded could not agree on amounts.
“Fine, I’ll decide what to fine that bastard,” said Martha.
“You’re a woman, you don’t get to…” said an uncle.
“I’m the one that’s being haunted, not you. Decide on amounts in the next five minutes, or I’m demanding a goat, ten cattle and a house from Neo.” Several people gasped in horror and accused her of gold digging.
“Decide on amounts, I’m going to the kitchen, when I return, have decided, or I’ll do the whole thing alone.”
“Don’t tell us what to do.”
“Decide!” said Martha, then she left the room. She went to the kitchen and found several aunts and cousins preparing food. She greeted them and left the house through the back door. She looked out at the small vegetable patch and took several deep breaths to calm herself.
“Are you alright, my Martha?” asked Daniel. Martha turned to him.
“I want this to be over so I can go home, and get a full night’s sleep.” Daniel put his arms round her.
“Shouldn’t you be with the other men, deciding what to do?”
“Your cousin has your interests at heart, he won’t let anyone leave until this is sorted out.”
“I hope so.”
“We’ll give them a few minutes, and go back.” Martha nodded against his chest and put her arms round him.
“Thank you for being here,” she said.
They returned to the gathering some minutes later. 
“We’ve decided, Martha. Someone’s gone to call Neo and his family,” said Boyle. Neo and his family returned. They were told what they should pay, and they paid without complaining. Martha was stunned, as were other people in the room, who looked at each other, unable to believe that Neo and his family were not trying to talk them down.
Afterwards, everyone went outside to perform the cleansing ceremony, which was led by Martha’s father’s brother. The spirits of several ancestors were called, and the ancestors invited to the gathering. Martha’s parents were told that Neo had been forgiven for the crime of killing them then they were told what he had been fined. 
They were then asked to rest in peace, and leave their only child Martha alone, and leave Neo, as he had done the right thing.
Libations were poured to the ancestors as everyone clapped, then the elders in Martha’s family and Neo’s father each took a sip of the ceremonial brew. A silence of respect was observed, the spirits were thanked for heeding the wishes of the living, then the ceremony was over. Everyone returned to the house, observing a solemn silence. 
Martha gave Daniel a speaking look, and he thanked everyone and made their goodbyes. Boyle protested that they had not eaten, Daniel said that Martha was tired, and that she would return another time to eat. Martha was relieved to be leaving.
She showered at home, and went straight to sleep. She woke up almost ten hours later, and lay on the bed, smiling, glad to have slept well, and woken without nightmares.
“How are you?” asked Daniel. Martha sat up. He was at the foot of the bed, watching her.
“I feel great. How are you?”
“Glad to see my Martha back.”
“Thanks for getting us out of Boyle’s home. Speeches were likely to follow, and it could have gone on until midnight.”
“I know. Are you hungry?”
“Yes.”
“Come and eat.”
“Isn’t it late?”
“Yes.”
“Then what are you still doing up?”
“I was working.”
“You should sleep.”
“I will, with you.” Martha cleaned her face, brushed her teeth and joined Daniel in the kitchen. He watched her while she ate, as he had eaten earlier, then they went to bed. Daniel slept immediately. Martha tossed and turned, then she climbed out of bed, and went to write her will. She had been thinking about it ever since she had been told that she had been poisoned.
When the day dawned, she finished it, and went to freshen up.
Daniel joined her in the kitchen just as she finished making breakfast. They greeted each other, shared a long kiss, and sat down.
“Your divorce from Neo came through,” said Daniel.
“That’s fantastic!” said Martha.
“Yes, it is. Let’s register to get married.”
“I’ll be happy to do that.” They registered to marry that morning, then Martha went to visit Boyle, while Daniel went to work.
“You left early last night,” said Boyle.
“I needed to sleep. Thank you for organising everything.”
“I don’t agree with your forgiving that man.”
“Neither do I, but I didn’t want to be haunted anymore.”
“Neo will be going to jail soon.”
“How do you know?”
“Several people have been working hard to prove that he was involved in insurance fraud. Insurance companies don’t play with fraudsters, they get them convicted. Neo will rot in jail.”
“Whatever. I’m getting married again.”
“To Daniel?”
“Yes.”
“He wouldn’t be able to stomach your marrying someone other than him.”
“I wouldn’t stomach him marrying someone other than me.”
“Good luck, cousin.”
“Thank you. And thank you for doing the fraud investigation.”
“It’s the least I could do, after what he did to your parents.”


CHAPTER TEN
Neo’s trial started, and in a very short space of time, he was convicted and sentenced to ten years in jail, which, added to the six suspended years, amounted to sixteen years. Martha knew that jail would kill Neo, a man who liked to do what he wanted, when he wanted.
She went to visit him two weeks after his sentencing.
“Get me out of here,” he said.
“I won’t do that. Apologise when you meet my parents.”
“Your parents?”
“You’ll be dead soon, make peace with them.”
“I’m not dying.”
“Not yet, but you will soon. We both know how you love to have your own way. It can’t be easy for you in here.”
“Why did you come here?”
“To see you pay for killing my parents.”
“You forgave me.”
“I said it, but I didn’t mean it. I hope you’re miserable for what’s left of your life, and that you spend the afterlife regretting ever having met me.”
“Martha!” gasped a horrified Neo.
“That’s all I came to say. Don’t worry, I won’t be at your funeral. Bye,” said Martha, then she stood.
“Martha? Martha, come back here. You need to get me out of here,” called Neo, as Martha left. She did not turn back.
In the car, she sat for several minutes, feeling a sense of closure. It was finally over, and Neo would never bother her again.
Her wedding day dawned, and the wedding went without a hitch. She and Daniel ate lunch with their guests, speeches were made, then the bridal couple left.
They changed out of their wedding finery in their home, then they went to put their suitcases in the car.
“You know we’re going to climb Kilimanjaro for our honeymoon?” said Daniel.
“Yes.”
“I didn’t tell you that I took a year off work, so we could travel.”
“Really?”
“Yes, really.”
“That’s fantastic,” said Martha, putting her arms round Daniel. He held her close.
“I want us to spend whatever time we have in our bodies, together.” Martha kissed him, then they climbed into their car, and drove off to their honeymoon.


END

