Her New Reign:
Paranormal Fantasy Reverse Harem


By

Larisa Long

Copyright ©2018 by Larisa Long

This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, events, and incidents are fiction. Any similarity to any real persons, characters, events or incidents is entirely coincidental. All Rights Reserved.

Any trademarks, service marks, or product names are assumed to be property of their respective owners. No endorsement is implied. 


For my parents who have always challenged me to follow my dreams.

Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Her Reign of Choice
More by Larisa Long

Chapter 1: Her New Reign 
Mera refused to open her eyes. It was probably just her little sister Georgie trying to irritate. Again. Wouldn’t happen. Not today. Mera’s eighteenth birthday. She wouldn’t ruin this birthday. Not like she ruined Mera’s sixteenth when she ran away or the thirteenth when she texted their address to everyone in Chicago with the promise of ‘free money’ or even the eleventh when she ate that moldy egg salad forgotten in the trunk of the car. For two weeks. In August. Talk about a puke fest.
Mera flinched because it felt like someone or something touched her face. Shifted hair away from her eyes? Nope. She wasn’t taking the bait. Back to the list. Chad: cake. Stef: decorations. Derick: breakfast. Shell: hair. Mom and dad: take me out for breakfast so everyone could decorate.
Someone cleared his throat. His? Mera sighed. It had better not be her brother or one of his doped up loser friends. “Okay, that’s it. I’m opening my eyes.” Mera used her fiercest voice expecting to be met with giggles or even an exaggerated sigh. Instead there was silence.
Mera slowly opened her eyes. Four guys she’d never seen before stood over her bed. Weird. Mera looked each one over. Each looked around her age but were wearing different costumes. Strippers?
Arc raised his eyebrows. Did she just ask us to strip?
“I’ll do it,” Risq said, stepping forward.
“Did I say that out loud?”
He shook his head. “Mera, I’m Arc.”
“Arc?” Mera looked him over. Brown curly hair that looked windswept in that perfect way. Cocoa eyes. A black, leather type looking jacket with medals and engravings which seem to be burned into the fabric. Underneath the jacket? No shirt which showed off his carved muscles and abs. Delicious. Arc still didn’t know if he believed the True Queen prophecy, but he did like what she thought of him. 
“You’re a witch.” Mera sat straight up in bed. Why would I say that? “That drink I had last night? That had something else in it?”
Before Arc could answer, Mera noticed she was wearing three different necklaces of varying lengths. It was funny she didn’t remember putting them on before she went to bed. She didn’t even remember ever seeing them before.
“Kaoz,” Arc sighed. “Those represent each of us.” Mera touched one of the necklaces which had some weird symbol on it. The witch closed his eyes and moaned. “That one’s mine,” he said breathlessly. “When you touch them … you are touching us. Intimately.”
Mera froze after she quickly dropped the necklace. It was suddenly getting weird. Not that she was used to waking up to four strangers in her room.
The one with shoulder length blond hair stepped forward. Blu studied Mera. He trusted her immediately. He didn’t know why, but he was never going to have to pretend with her. Never going to be anything but his true self. He remembered that Zash told him not to reign himself. He wouldn’t. He’d be himself with her. Always. I’m going to be me with her. You think that’s okay?
Zash nodded. That’s fine, Blu. 
“Touch my necklace next. It’s been ages since I’ve been touched properly.” Blu shocked himself. He’d never been that forward with anyone before. She is the one, Zash. I can feel it. The way she makes me feel. He touched his chest. My hearts are beating so fast. “Chocolate malts for all.”
“That was random.” Mera blew out a breath as she looked Blu over. Beautiful and shirtless? He had the build of a lifeguard, and his flawless skin sparkled. Blu looked down at himself. She likes that I sparkle. Finally. A good reign. He let his wings go. He didn’t know if it was to test her or just to be himself.
Unfortunately, she screamed.
Arc winced as the sound vibrated around him. “That’s actually a good sign.”
Mera screamed probably for at least … well until her voice gave out. None of them even flinched. It was like they expected her to scream. She closed her eyes tight and opened them quickly. She was still home. Her room looked like it did last night. The walls were barren from where she ripped off all the posters. Since she’d be living in the dorms at the University of Chicago … and since she was now eighteen thank you very much … Mera had to adult-up her life. 
She climbed out of bed to look out her window. From her parent’s 18th floor apartment, she had a good view of downtown Chicago and the Miracle Mile. She whimpered just a bit. The Miracle Mile. She wanted to spend her entire birthday down there. Every shop. Every—
She turned around suddenly, and the guys were all staring at her. She’d forgotten they were there. Well, almost. They were too hot to truly forget. Had she been dreaming and they popped out of her fantasies? She could imagine a lot of fantasies about them.
The winged one winked at her.
“Seriously?” Dammit, can they really read my thoughts? Then why think anything? Might as well say what I’m thinking. “Why are you all so drop your panties gorgeous?” That question jolted her to her core. Why would I ask that? I didn’t talk like that. She wished she could talk like that. All balls to the walls. She cringed at her own thoughts. Not usually so schizophrenic in my mind ramblings. She took a deep breath and shook out her hands and arms. Mera, get a grip. I’m an honor student. Valedictorian. Pre-law. I’m organized. I’m driven. She cringed and felt her wrist. Her pulse was throbbing too fast for it to be normal. It had to be the flu making her wonky. Or bad punch.
“You are most entertaining.” A dark haired one in a suit stepped forward. “We survived because of our looks. I’m not part of the group anymore. They needed four to travel—”
The witch waved his hands. “She doesn’t need to know about that.”
The suited one smirked. “Not really into humans which is why I’m no longer part of the group, but you can drop your panties for me whenever you want.” He waited and just watched Mera. She stared at him, not really sure if he was trying to figure her out or if it was Mera waiting to see if he’d wing up. “Would you like me to take my shirt off?” He made a point to tug at his jacket and tie. “Show you my scars and marks?”
Either she was losing control over her words or they could read her mind. Although … She looked the suited one up and down. Less clothes and more skin? This guy could make water boil. Smoldering comes to mind. She didn’t know why. She had never used smoldering in a sentence. “You’re a vampire.”
He grinned. “I am. My name’s—”
“Risq,” Mera said quickly wondering how that came to her. How do I know that? “Are you putting a spell on me?”
His grin turned devious. “Do you want me to?” His black eyes hypnotically lured her closer.
The shirtless and flawless blond one with wings shoved the vampire aside. “Do you mind? You’re not part of this, and it was my turn.” He grinned and knelt before her. “Mera, I’m Blu.” He took her hand and gently kissed it while his blue eyes flashed mischief.
“Faerie. Flirty trickster.” What are these words I’m speaking? Then she realized. Face palm. “I accidentally ate one of my brother’s pot brownies, didn’t I? I swear if he ruins my birthday party.”
“No,” the faerie said. “You did not eat anything nefarious. This is very real.”
Real? A witch? A vampire? Faerie? With wings. Mera didn’t even know what that was. Wait. “Are they the ones with tiny little—”
“Careful how you…” The vampire could barely spit the words out in between his laughter. “…end that sentence. Blu is sensitive about certain inadequacies.”
The faerie sniffed. “Hardly. More like my overachievements.”
Mera placed her hand over her forehead. Is it a fever? An infection? Is it contagious? Did I pick up a fungus? “What did I hear about some weird bug that hijacks a banana and springs out? What about some weird bacteria or worm or …” She felt her pulse again, and it was still racing. She had been planning her eighteenth birthday party since forever, and she didn’t want to zombie anyone. 
“Mera, you’re not going to zombie anyone,” the witch said. “You’ve been chosen to be our—”
“I’m dreaming. This isn’t real.” Just wake up, Mera. She jumped when she looked down at herself. “I’m wearing a tight black dress with knee high black boots and a long black and red cloak thing that drags the ground.” She looked back up at them. “What in the actual freak?” She ran to the mirror. She barely recognized herself. Her normal short red hair was more strawberry red and long enough it twisted past her waist in a braid. Her usual look took about five seconds. She’d run her fingers through her hair. A hint of blush. A dash of lipgloss. And she was out the door. Now?
She stepped closer to the mirror. Is this even me? Dark eyeshadow. Red lips. Dark eyeliner? How long would that take? “I’m usually too hyped up on caffeine to even think in a straight line. I’ll look like a drunken raccoon.” She shrugged and studied her reflection. “I have to admit the eyeliner does make my blue eyes pop. Maybe I could try it myself.” Wait. “Birthday makeover. Had to be Lainey. She’s always trying to get me to sex up my image. I approve. Ow.” Mera drew up one sleeve and then another of the cloaky thing she had on. Three different tattoos appeared up and down each arm.
Arc smiled. “Our symbols. We belong to you now.” He looked at Zash who closed his eyes and nodded.
Mera laughed, but it was a squeaky nervous laugh. It was the laugh she usually reserved for pop quizzes and guys her parents assumed she’d like. “This is a joke, right?” Then, she felt a scratching on her chest. She peered down the top of her dress. “Yep, the same symbols cover my heart.”
“Oh, can I see?” Blu jumped up and down. “I want to see. Let me see.”
Arc held him back. “Calm yourself.”
“Do you like your colors?” The one with a faux hawk and darker blonde hair asked as he stepped forward. He had dark eyeliner which highlighted his light green eyes, and he was dressed in black pants and an intricately designed open trench coat. His chest was almost completely covered with sayings, strange symbols, tattoos, marks and scars. He looked the youngest.
“I’m actually the oldest. I hope you approve of your outfit. Red and black are the colors I chose.”
Just as fast as the words left his mouth, all of them were wearing red. The tattoos and sayings on the shirtless turned red and black. 
“Don’t be afraid,” the pierced one says. 
Mera normally didn’t go for the goth or pierced, but damn he was gorgeous in a haunting and she so wanted to heal him type of way. Much less dangerous than the vampire. His eyes were kind but full of such sadness.
He stepped forward and knelt. “Sorry, Mera. I neglected to introduce myself. I’m Zash.”
The other three looked at Mera waiting for her to say something.
“What’s a reaper?”
He swallowed hard. “Something I hope you’ll never need.”
She looked at all of them and how they studied each other. “Are you all speaking to each other like a mind meld?”
Arc frowned. “I’m not sure what that is.”
All of a sudden, images of each of them being tortured singed her brain. “What the hell was that?” 
“I’m sorry,” Zash said. “I didn’t mean for you to see that.” He looked to the witch. The images bled through. The others bowed their heads not out of respect but shame. All except for the vampire. Mera didn’t think shame ever crossed his narcissistic mind.
He shook his head. “Not once. Why would I be ashamed of this?” He looked down at himself, and he didn’t have clothes. Mera quickly looked away. The reaper immediately stepped between her and the vampire to shield Mera.
Arc growled. “Risq, what have we said about casual nudity?”
“That it’s absolutely necessary.” Risq laughed. “Sorry to make you jealous, Blu.”
The faerie rolled his eyes. “Did you have to preorder something so small?”
Arc sighed. “Is this any way to greet Mera?”
Zash glanced behind him and then meekly smiled at her. “You’re safe now. He’s dressed again.”
Risq threw up his hands while still glaring at Blu. “I’m sorry, Mera. I promise never to undress again until you explicitly demand it.”
Blu clapped his hands. “Since you’re no longer part of our group and she’ll have the good taste never to request that nightmare, the rest of us will be eternally grateful.” He bowed to her.
Okay… Mera glanced at her book shelf with the dangly legged cat clock. “I still have loads to do before my party so I gotta speed this dream along.” What did I learn in psych class? Humor the mad?
Blu smirked at her. “We’re not mad.”
Right. Do I admit they are crazy or talk with them as if their madness is real? She studied each of them. Not the dangerous vampire. Risq flashed his fangs, and Mera jumped back. Craptastic. They even brought props. The witch? Arc’s smile was less than genuine for some reason. Although, he appeared sane and reasonable and the one in charge.
The vampire shook his head. “The last one we chose? Arc turned her inside out.”
Mera’s eyes widened. “Good to know.” 
Arc sighed. “That’s only because she betrayed us. She’d gotten her powers before she told us, and she had succubus twins.” He studied me. “You wouldn’t do that, would you?”
“Succubus twins?” Mera didn’t even know what that was. “No?” She had no idea how to answer that. Which one can I trust to tell me the truth? What about the flirty faerie?
Blu eyed her as his smile grew. “That makes sense. I’m usually the chosen’s favorite.” He looked down at his chest. “I was built for lust.”
Mera couldn’t help but look him over. Lean with the perfect amount of muscle. She shook her head again. What is happening to me? What about the shy reaper?
Zash blinked slowly but didn’t smile. Much less dangerous.
The faerie leaned closer to Mera as his silky wings grazed her neck. “Yes, but the shy reaper has that pierced tongue, and I’ve heard that can be terribly dangerous. Or was it pleasurable? I can never remember.”
Mera shivered. “So, you can read my mind?” I don’t know the first thing about shielding my thoughts from whatever is happening. She was instantly drawn back to the shy reaper. He immediately blushed. “Sorry,” she flinched. “You’re all too gorgeous, and this is such a strange dream. I think the pot brownie has made me—”
The vampire grunted and narrowed his eyes as his gaze greedily claimed Mera’s body. “Everything you just thought of is completely within my expertise.”
Her stomach turned queasy as she couldn’t stop the blush from taking over. “So not cool, vampire. I couldn’t control my thoughts.” 
She tried to ignore the faerie’s red translucent wings as they nibbled across her skin. It felt so delicious like she’d been waiting her entire life for him. Blu moved even closer. His breath was hot against her ear. “Wait until you taste my lips. You’re not one of those anti-sugar people, are you? You love brownies, don’t you?”
“Heaven.” She closed her eyes and smiled. “Who wouldn’t love brownies?” Wait. “Stop. What is happening to me?”
Arc stepped forward. “It’s natural. You’re bonding with us. Claiming us. Allowing us into your system. We are becoming part of you. All of our essences are mixing and merging.”
She tensed. “That sounds obscene.”
Blu nodded. “If you do it right.”
“That’s why we chose you.” Zash’s eyes pleaded with her. “You’re our last chance.”
Blu’s wings brushed against her again. “Our fate is in your hands.”
Zash got very teary. “You are our only chance.”
Arc placed his hand on the reaper’s shoulder. “Zash, we don’t need to burden Mera with this now. There’s plenty of time.”
“She’s the one.” Blu winked at Mera. “Her skin warms when my wings caress her.” He looked at Zash. “You can read her, empath.”
“An empath and a reaper?” Mera asked.
Zash reluctantly nodded. He studied her. A brief smile appeared. “She’s drawn to us but still afraid.”
“Probably too shocked about Risq’s small bits,” Blu hissed.
“Careful, Blu,” Risq huffed. “I know some who crave faerie wing stew.”
Zash moved a bit closer to her while still carefully keeping his distance. He studied Mera’s eyes and her face never once looking her up and down in a creepy manner. “I have waited so long for you.”
Arc closed his eyes and sighed. “Then it’s settled.”
They nodded in unison and moved closer. Mera stepped back. “Sorry, but this is my birthday. The whole day’s planned. I’ve got to get ready for college and …” She remembered and relaxed a bit. “This isn’t happening. It’s a dream. There’s no such thing as boss witches or flirty faeries or shy empath reapers or dangerously small vampires.”
“Dangerously small?” Risq sighed.
Blu laughed. “Nailed that one.”
Mera backed into something that didn’t move or budge. “What did I just run into?”
“Me.” Blu’s whisper infected her brain as she almost blacked out. 
How did he move so fast? Why can I not take my eyes from them?
“Because you belong to us now.”
She didn’t know which one said that. Blu’s wings encased her as the other three circled her.
The room spinned. The background blurred, and only the guys were clearly in focus. Blu’s wings enclosed everyone. The witch held her hands. “Just breathe.”
Mera relaxed as some kind of sweet cotton candy tasting dust filled the air. “Faerie dust?” The reaper nodded. “That’s really a thing? What about my parents? My brother and sister?”
The witch massaged her hands. “They’re fine. We’re not going to hurt you.”
“Not unless you want us to.”
Mera rolled her eyes. Had to be the vampire who said that. Cocky bastard. “Why didn’t you choose Stef. My friend’s totally into the paranormal. I don’t believe in ghosts or goblins or imps or—”
“You don’t have to believe for us to be real,” Blu giggled. “You’ll see when we get home.”
“Home?”
“Your castle,” they all whispered. “You’re our new Queen.”
Chapter 2: Home
They finally stopped spinning. Mera’s brain was too sloshy, and her insides noisily churned.
“Just close your eyes and breath,” Arc said, as he continued to hold her hands.
Zash gently touched her shoulder. “It’s going to be alright,” he whispered. “I promise.”
Her stomach had other ideas about calming. She shook her head. “I’m going to be sick.”
“No, you’re not,” Arc said. “Open your eyes and look into mine.”
She looked into Arc’s calming brown eyes and immediately felt better. “Where were you when I had food poisoning?”
He smiled then nodded to Blu who still had his wings surrounding everyone. Blu slowly lowered his wings, and Mera looked around while they watched her. The faerie had an issue with personal space because he was always super close which Mera really didn’t mind for some reason. Arc was a few feet away while Zash was the furthest. Wait. “Where’s the vampire?”
“He’s not part of us anymore,” Arc said. “We can only travel with four.”
Mera turned around to take it all in, but there really wasn’t much to see. “A for effort, but maybe a C minus for execution. Is the pot brownie wearing off?”
Arc narrowed his eyes. “Was any of that supposed to make sense?”
Blu twirled. Yes, he actually twirled around like a child. “So, how do we look in our own world?”
The faerie was still shirtless. Still gorgeous. His pants now looked like fancy blue jeans with too much shine. “The same?”
He frowned and looked at his arms and chest and wings. “Don’t I glitter? I’m supposed to be seductively sparkly.” He ran to the window so the sun peeked at his skin. “I am glittery.” He then eyed Mera suspiciously. “Why have you turned on me?”
She couldn’t help but laugh.
Arc rolled his eyes. “Blu, dial down the drama.” He smirked at Mera. “Are you still under the impression you are dreaming?”
“You betcha.” I’m standing in a blank room with a ceiling I can’t even see and a spiral staircase that goes nowhere. She decided to play along. “If I’m a Queen, is this supposed to be my castle?”
Arc smiled. “Picture what you’d think a castle would look like.”
She closed her eyes and thought of a castle. I’m not sure if it’s something I saw in a movie or a magazine. I’m still hoping I’ll wake up in my room. I have tons to do before the party.
“Okay,” Arc said. “You can open your eyes now.”
The former white walls were now old, grey stone. Large red tapestries with a weird black symbol hung down the walls. The pattern matched the rugs which covered a black and red checkerboard tile. “Like Alice in Wonderland meets vampire meets gothic?” The most comfortable looking white sofas and chairs were covered in throws with the same matching red and black symbols. The furniture all surrounded a fireplace. There was an actual crackling fire in the fireplace. There wasn’t even a fireplace before.  “And that spiral symbol?”
“That’s your symbol,” Arc said, as he held up his hand with a ring that matched. Mera looked to the others who also showed her the same rings.
Okay. Small black tables covered in the same red and black fabric as the sofa throws were littered with platters and jars of gum balls, taffy, brownies, fudge, cakes, cupcakes, suckers, sugar sticks, cookies, cotton candy. “That was me.” Blu spun towards her and grabbed about three of everything. “Faeries have sweet teeth.” The windows opened to the forest and singing birds beyond, and whispy red curtains floated in the warm breeze. She looked to the witch.
“This is one of those one room castles,” Arc said.
Mera realized she must have made either a frown face or something because Zash stepped closer to her. “It’s alright,” he said. “We don’t have rooms.”
“Why?”
“Those like us are normally in the dungeons. We’ve never been allowed to have our own space or stay too long in the reign’s castle,” Arc said bitterly. “We’re only allowed in to service the King or Queen.”
“Yikes.” Mera cringed. “That sounds disturbing.”
Arc nodded. “Usually.”
Blu and Zash also nodded.
She quickly forced her mind out of the gutter and into more PG material. “Game nights? Cooking classes? To catch a big spider?”
Blu snorted. “No, Mera. It was exactly what you originally thought.”
She shuddered and made probably a thousand weird facial expressions as creepy thoughts haunted her. “I’m sorry.”
Arc narrowed his eyes. “I actually believe you. Thank you for that.” He took her cloak off and draped it across the sofa.
Blu finished a candy cane. “Mera is different.”
“I hope she is.” Arc quickly glanced at her before finding the fireplace more interesting. “For her sake.”
His tone was more ominous than before, and Mera suddenly felt she wasn’t safe. At all. “Alrighty then. Good talk.” She walked around, but she was stalling. She clapped her hands together. “So, when do I wake up?”
Blu laughed. “How do we convince you this is not a dream?”
She squished her face up as she thought. What would I need? A pony? No. World peace. Undoable. Save the bees. Okay. “Save the bees.”
Arc frowned. “Why would the bees need saving?”
“They are dying back home.”
Zash stepped closer to her with his hand over his heart. “Why are they dying?”
Mera took a deep breath. “Pesticides. Humans. Climate. Humans. Did I mention humans?”
“Poor bees. I do not want them to suffer.” Zash looked so sad. 
Arc closed his eyes and chanted something. He opened his eyes. “Done.”
Mera looked around. “Okay. How will I know if—”
Just then millions of bees swarmed in through the open windows. Mera didn’t have time to flee or squeal or head for cover. They flew to the corner of the room where tiny jars of honey with bows and various colored ribbons were placed in what quickly became an altar. Instantly there were cards, suckers, stickers, posters, pictures, drawings and stuffed animals. Behind everything, a banner with her name was placed. All hail, Queen Mera. The savior of bees.
In a flash, the bees retreated. Mera took everything in. She blinked about a thousand times. Why won’t I wake up? She pinched herself and slowly turned around. This isn’t a dream. How is this possible? She grabbed her heart. It was an exaggerated gesture, but she was freaking out. “Where am I? What is happening?” This was no longer amusing. “I want to go home. I need to go home.”
“You are home, my Queen.” Arc said.
She backed away from them as they appeared to be stalking her. Or was it her imagination? She closed her eyes and continued to move backwards. She backed into someone and quickly opened her eyes.
“It’s me. It’s okay,” Arc whispered, as he entwined their hands and fingers together.
In an instant, Blu was in front of her. His wings caressed her face. “Relax.”
She squeezed her eyes shut and thought of her room. My parents. Chicago. The Miracle Mile. My birthday party. My friends. College. Even my annoying brother and sister. “Wake up, Mera.” Just then, she heard sirens and cabs honking. “I’m home.” She quickly opened her eyes, but she was still in the castle.
Blu smiled as he dropped his wings. “That wasn’t so hard.” He glanced at Arc.
“Didn’t think you’d do it so fast.” Arc let go of her hands. “There, much better.”
“What just happened?”
Blu smiled. “I got you to admit you’re home.”
“Huh?” Mera sighed. “I thought I was back home. I heard what sounded like Chicago. That’s not fair.”
Blu stretched his wings out beside him and bowed. “You’re welcome.”
“Things work differently here, Mera,” Arc said. “We only needed you to believe for a second.”
Zash looked at Mera with remorse before quickly looking away. “You said the words. That’s all that was required.”
“What about my parents?”
Arc sighed. “I’m sorry, Mera. Time is different in our world. As time passes here, it is roughly one year in your world.”
“Why? How?”
Arc shrugged. “It’s just how it works. You’re in another realm.” Arc looked to Zash. How can I explain this to her? “You’re in another… it’s magical…Time can be bent and shaped and reshaped. Human worlds have more of a chronological rhythm. It’s called chronologisity.” 
“Again, huh?” Mera wondered how long they’d been planning this and why they didn’t have a better explanation.
“Sorry,” Arc said, as he looked at Blu and Zash who weren’t forthcoming with the explanations. “We didn’t have much time before Kaoz plopped us into your world.”
“Yeah, after that Brie explosion…” Blu shook his head and then his wings vibrated as well. “We told him about you and then we were in your room.”
Mera watched them all. She assumed they were speaking but she didn’t understand what they were saying. “Chronologisity?” Mera heard herself say the word. “Sounds totally pot brownie inspired.”
“It’s not actually what it’s called, but it’s the easiest way to translate between our language and human language.” 
She tried to wrap her mind around everything. “But we’ve only been here what … a few minutes?” She glanced around again. “And where is here?”
Arc shrugged as he looked at Zash. I was only four when I was taken from my world so I don’t know what she’s feeling. “You didn’t forget already, did you? This is your castle.”
Mera slammed her lips together and prevented herself from jumping up and down. “You stole me from Chicago. Illinois. United States. Earth.” She wasn’t sure where she needed to stop. “That’s where I was made. Where are we now?”
“Oh.” Arc grinned like a schoolboy getting out of homework with his shit kicking grin. “We call it Oquesra.”
“Oquesra?” Mera let herself say the word. She let the word seep into her brain. It sounded familiar but didn’t. “Have I ever heard of that before?”
Zash shook his head. “You wouldn’t have. No human in your world has heard of it.”
“We’re beyond the mists,” Arc said quickly as if that would explain everything.
“The mists?”
“The mists of what humans are able to see and comprehend.”
Mera took a deep breath hoping she wouldn’t pass out or throw up or anything. Not sure if I’m crazy or they are.
Blu giggled. “I love her.”
Zash stepped closer to her as if he could tell she was struggling with her own sanity. “In time you can understand, we’ve been here three days.”
“One year for one day?” Her stomach plunged. Never been a math whiz, but that’s…  “It’s been three years back home?” Her pulse skyrocketed. She grabbed her stomach. “That’s impossible. What do they think happened to me?” She imagined police and crime scene tape and interviews and teary pleas from the parental units. Crap. There would be social media posts and twits designed to bring me home or pleas from people who’ve never met me trying to zone in on the drama. Zash and Blu looked to Arc.
He took a deep breath. “I took away the memories of you.”
“Huh?”
“You know what that means,” Arc said without looking at her.
Arc’s words sunk in. “It was like I was never born?”
“Blu,” Arc said. “Help her.”
Blu circled her again with his wings. Mera’s tears fell fast. Zash stood in front of her with such pain in his eyes. “I’m so sorry, Mera. If there had been another way.” He wiped her tears away. “It’s going to be okay. I won’t let anyone hurt you.”
“Nor will I,” Blu whispered.
Mera calmed as Blu whispered to her and as she looked into Zash’s eyes. She didn’t know what they were doing, but she wasn’t freaked out anymore. “Promise me they will be okay. Happy.”
Arc nodded. “Your parents will be okay. Happy.”
Mera didn’t like how he said that like he was just mimicking her. She thought of all the things she’d never be able to do. All the people she’d never see again, but her panic was calmed. “I’m okay. I’m going to be okay.” She wasn’t sure if she was telling them or herself, but the freakout had been minimized.” She looked at Blu. “That’s powerful anti-whine stuff you have.”
“Thank you. I do try.” Blu’s warm breath against her neck calmed her more. Zash stepped back as Blu released her.
“What do you want from me? When can I go home?” Would I just be plonked down where they grabbed me? What if it’s a thousand years in the future?
Blu grabbed another dozen sugar sticks from a jar which were immediately refilled. “I thought we already said that, didn’t we?” He glanced at the others. “We did say she had to fall in love with us, didn’t we? Sometimes I forget depending on my sugar levels.”
“Fall in love with you?” Mera couldn’t help it, but she laughed. It made her feel better even if no one else found it very amusing. “After about thirty seconds…” She looked them each over. “You’re all gorgeous but I’m gonna need a bit longer than that.”
“We do have ways.” Blu clapped as he ate an entire tray of brownies in one swallow. He snapped his fingers and twinkle lights descended from the ceiling followed by every color of glitter which floated in the air like a beautiful fog. “We can grant you any wish you desire.” Mera flinched. She couldn’t help it. She couldn’t tell if she was flinching at the cheesiness or that she was falling for it. Blu jumped up and down. “See. Told you. By my tally, I believe Zash and I are her favorites. Sorry, Arc.”
Blu gently draped his wings around her. Mera didn’t know if they were putting a spell on her or using faerie dust, and she didn’t care. Blu was warm and safe and smelled of spun sugar, and Mera hoped she could stay with him forever.
Chapter 3: Quickly Integrating
Mera didn’t open her eyes, but she could tell she was on the sofa. “Did I fall asleep in front of the TV again, dad? Mom, what time is it? Tell me I haven’t missed my party.”
“What party?”
She knew that voice. She slowly opened her eyes. The faerie was sitting next to her on the sofa with his feet propped against the coffee table. He was eating a giant chocolate cupcake. “I didn’t think you’d ever wake up.” Blu licked the frosting from his fingers before devouring another cupcake.
Mera noticed her hair was tangled. She tried to run her fingers through it, but glitter appeared everywhere. “What’s this?”
Blu shrugged. “I heard someone say something about mouth to mouth.”
She realized that was why she tasted sugar and strawberries. “You kissed me?” She wiped her mouth off.
Blu smiled. “You’re welcome.”
Zash leaned his back to the window watching her. 
She felt her head. “I’m still here.”
Zash winced a bit before he recovered. “I’m sorry.”
“You’re home,” Arc said. “I’ll tell you that as often as you require, but it will be easier if you accept it.”
How can I just accept it? My life. My parents. My friends. Everything I wanted to do.
“We can help you with that,” Zash said. “We will help you adjust.”
“How many have you done this to?” She didn’t know why she asked it. She didn’t intend to ask it.
“I thought you’d never have the courage to ask that particular question,” Arc said, smiling. “Of all the questions in your brain, you asked that one.”
“We’ve been waiting for that one,” Blu said, sucking on a milkshake.
She jumped up and looked out the window. “Forget it. I don’t want to know.”
“You don’t have to be jealous.” Blu finished one milkshake and immediately conjured another. “You’re ours. Don’t think of the others.”
She closed her eyes and wished she would just wake up in her room.
“It won’t work,” Arc said. “You can’t will it or wish it or promise you’ll never tell anyone.”
She slowly looked at all of them. “You can read my thoughts which is douchy as hell.”
“Douchy?” Arc let the word roll around a bit before shaking his head. “Don’t know about douching.”
She tried not to laugh but couldn’t help it. “Not douching. Gross. Douchy. Big difference.” They only stared at her so she took a deep breath trying not to think of her parents. “Forget it.”
Zash moved closer to her and acted like he was going to grab her hands but decided against it and locked his hands behind him. “I don’t want to forget it if something is bothering you. Let us help you. We can do that for you.”
“You’re our eleventh,” Arc spit out.
At first Mera didn’t know what he was talking about, but then she did. “You’ve done this eleven times?”
Zash nodded quickly before looking down at the ground. “We’ve got to choose eleven times. The rest chose us.”
“What happened to them? Did they get to go home?”
None of them answered her right away, but the looks they gave each other was starting to creep her out. “That won’t happen to you,” Zash whispered. “I swear it.”
“They’re dead, aren’t they? Spread out in jars somewhere. Now they’re just a bad smell in a creepy basement?”
“Jars? Bad smell? Creepy basement?” Arc shook his head. “No need to jar them since their souls were incinerated. The bodies followed soon after. Not even a scorch mark to commemorate them.”
Mera backed up as far as she could until she hit the wall. Incinerated souls. Shit just became real.
“Why don’t you have a sip of Blu’s shake.” Arc motioned to Blu. “It’ll help. Just don’t question everything so fast. Your family is safe, and we’ll make sure you are.”
Blu snapped his fingers and handed Mera the most perfect chocolate milk shake she’d ever seen. “It’ll get easier.”
“Tell me.”
Arc hesitated before taking a deep breath. “We’re immortal.”
“Okay, that’s not…that wasn’t my question.” Immortal? Did they just say immortal?
“You’re our Queen.” 
Mera was suddenly very uncomfortable. “Again… not my question.”
Blu tapped on the milkshake. “You’ve been asleep forever. You need sugar.”
“It was only four minutes,” Arc admitted.
Mera took a sip of the milkshake just to appease them, but she couldn’t put the damn thing down. She kept drinking until she reached the end and then wished there was more. The room shifted a bit, and she thought she’d pass out. She glanced at the glass. “You put something in that?”
Blu grabbed the glass and licked the side. “Just my usual delicious milkshake recipe.”
She didn’t know if she believed him and hoped this wasn’t some rufie situation. Seeing double of everything finally stopped, and things returned to normal. At least her new normal.
“Good?” Blu looked at her with an expression that told Mera if she didn’t tell him the truth, he’d be crushed forever.
“Best thing ever.”
“Thought you’d never finish it.” Blu winked. “I thought we’d have to send a search party inside the glass.” He grabbed his heart. “I would have been sad if you were hiding in the whip cream or stuck in a cherry.”
She rolled her eyes. How can they make me forget everything so easily? “You’re all a riot.”
“What is this?” A gruff voice filtered through the room. A man in his early thirties appeared in front of them. He had weird darkish hair that stuck up in all directions, and he was wearing what looked like a purple velvet onesie under a too small orange cloak. She thought his ego should have arrived thirty minutes before he did. And then maybe he should have stayed home.
The three immediately stood up. Zash quickly glanced at Mera with a worried expression before all three bowed before the man.
The man strutted around the room and glared at the surroundings. He curled his lip total Elvis style but looked more like a demented chihuahua hybrid. “Such an interesting decor.” He snorted. “Why does the new Queen allow her slaves to lounge in her castle at all hours? Does she require that much servicing? And where is your vampire?”
Blu, Zash and Arc fell to their knees and bowed their heads.
The odd man smirked. “So much better when they’re on their knees. Told you I’d be back, didn’t I?” His beady eyes found Mera. “I’m King Pole. You’ll do very well, won’t you?”
She raised her eyebrows. “What in the actual hell is happening now?”
He looked her up and down and licked his lips. Mera cringed and hoped she wouldn’t be sick. She didn’t want to lose Blu’s milkshake. I do not like this creature at all. Arc suppressed a laugh.
The King huffed as he stared at the three. “Why are you still here. Be gone lowly creatures!”
The three rose and started to leave. Oh, no. They were not leaving her alone with him. “Where are you going?”
They stopped. Arc was the first to glance at Mera. “We’ve been ordered away, my Queen. I’m sorry, but there’s nothing we can do if a reign orders us.”
Hearing him call Mera a Queen made her a bit queasy. “You can’t leave.” Definitely not alone with this thing that oozes creep.
The man licked his lips again and blew Mera a kiss. Zash, you can still read my thoughts, right?
The reaper nodded slowly.
Tell me dickhead isn’t someone I have to marry or date or anything.
He squeezed his lips together trying to suppress a grin and shook his head.
“I need to be alone with this new reign.” King Pole adjusted his pants.
“Like hell you do. Ew.” She stepped back. “So not happening. Not ever. I’m from Chicago, asshole. You even think of touching me, and I’ll squish you in places you didn’t know existed.”
Blu giggled. The King’s mouth gaped wide as he stared at Mera. Luckily, he was speechless because his voice sounded like a broken car alarm. Blu continued his giggling.
The King glared at Blu and then looked down at the necklaces Mera forgot she wore. “Which one belongs to the faerie?”
She quickly grabbed the necklaces together without thinking. The three moaned. Blu’s wings quivered. She quickly let the necklaces go. “Sorry.”
The King grinned. He stepped close to Blu and licked his face. Something surged through Mera. She immediately wanted to snap the man’s neck. “What the hell is your diagnosis? You do that again, and I’ll rip that thing out of your mouth and mount it on my wall.”
“They owe me. They took my favorite from me.” The man stepped to Arc and bent his neck at a very painful angle before digging in one of his fingernails enough to make him bleed.
Something in Mera’s head twinged. She’d never felt so much power before. “Stop.” She shook at the sound of her own voice. She didn’t  recognize it. What is happening to me? She felt a surge flow through her like her blood had grown hotter warming her entire body.
The man winked at her. He looked her up and down with disgust. “Ungrateful little girl. If they won’t pay for Brie, then you will. I will enjoy breaking you.”
She pointed towards the door. “Good luck with that.”
He looked her up and down again. 
“Why do they do that? It’s not intimidating. It pisses me off and makes me want to rip off his balls.” She flinched at that one before she realized she’d said it all out loud. Since when did I get so violent?
The King grunted one last time and strut out. “I’ll be back.”
Mera waited until the stench left before she turned around to face the three. She crossed her arms over her chest just to make sure they knew she was serious. The three moaned again, and Mera realized she’d hit their necklaces. Again. Awkward. “Sorry.”
Blu took a deep breath. “That was mostly mine. Never apologize for that. It was nice to have that feeling without the force to go along with it.”
Mera flinched at that. She immediately clasped her hands behind her. Less chance of accidental necklace turn ons. The three remained standing with their heads bowed. She waited for one of them to explain. “What are you doing?”
Arc shifted positions. “You haven’t released us yet, my Queen.” He sighed. “Once one of the reigns have ordered us to do something, we cannot stop until another reign gives us new orders.”
She looked around the room. “Is this really happening?”
“It is,” Arc said.
“Feel free to grab my necklace again,” Blu hinted. “That was incredible. I didn’t mind that at all. I’ve never actually wanted to be touched before, but you can do that whenever you want.”
I’ll have to put a pin in that one and return to it later. “You mean you’d just stand there with your heads bowed until I …” Mera couldn’t say the words. “Asked you?”
“No,” Arc said. “Not ask. Order. You know this. It makes sense to you even if you don’t want to admit it.”
He was right. It all felt natural. If that was possible. She grabbed her stomach. “What century is this? I don’t understand this world.” She looked to Blu. “You’d go without sugar?”
He sniffed like the thought was too horrifying. “You could take my mind off the sugar by grabbing my necklace. Just touch it a little. Please. Just once more.”
Zash dropped his head further. “Now you know how important you are to us. We’re immortal, but you are more powerful than any of us. In Oquesra, you are everything. Our Queen. You are different. I know you’d never mistreat us or allow us to be mistreated.”
She walked to Zash. “No, I wouldn’t. Not ever. I swear it.” 
He slowly lifted his head. His eyes told her everything. How she could trust him. How he felt about her. How he’d keep her safe no matter what, and Mera knew her heart was falling. As crazy as it was, her heart was actually falling for them. Each of them.
Arc startled everyone when he cleared his throat.
“Sorry, please go about doing what you were before.”
In an instant, Blu devoured three cakes and drank six gallons of fruity punch. “That was close. I thought I’d pass out.”
Arc grabbed Mera’s hands. “Thank you, my Queen.”
“Please don’t call me that. I do not want to be Queen in such a suckfest.” She looked at Blu. “That creepy asshole actually licked you. With his tongue. God knows where that’s been.”
Blu giggled then shrugged, but Mera could tell it shook him. “He’s done worse.” He devoured another cupcake then deviously grinned at her. “I don’t mind being licked, but I’d rather it be your tongue.”
Mera tried not to blush and glanced at Zash. “What would he have done to you?”
Zash took a deep breath. “It’s usually—”
“It’s more of what he makes them do to him,” Arc interrupted.
Mera held her hand up. “Don’t want the specifics. How is this possible? All of you are stronger than him. Smarter than him. You’re immortals.” She heard herself… Immortal. Is that even possible? “He’s only human. And what of your former reigns?” What am I asking?
Arc sat down. “They usually let any of the other reigns do whatever they want or join in.”
I’m a Queen. She looked down at herself. The tattoos pulsated. She could feel the blood flow through her. She could sense a power that had awakened in her. “Then I guess maybe you didn’t choose the right reign before.”
Zash smiled and nodded. “You are definitely different from the other reigns.”
“So, who the hell was that stain?”
Blu choked on his food. “One of the many reigns.”
Mera walked to the sofa, and she knew that she was even walking differently. I’m not fidgety or anxious. There’s more of a purpose to my movements. A confidence I’ve never had before. She sat beside Blu who had already gone through another dozen cakes.
He shrugged. “I’m a stress eater. But that last flavor.” He dug his finger into the frosting and shoved it into Mera’s mouth. “Good, isn’t it?”
She jumped back. The other two tensed like she was going to bolt, but Mera tasted the frosting. “Sweet.” She nodded at Blu who smiled and winked. The others relaxed.
“What flavor would you guess?”
Mera thought about it. “Chocolate and mocha and …”
Blu leaned in closer. “And?” His wings tapped together waiting for the guess.
She looked up at the ceiling. “What else was that? Blueberry? No. Kumquat?”
Blu gasped. “Why in the realms would a kumquat be in frosting? That’s unnatural.”
“Coffee grounds?”
Blu gave her a look that was a mixture of agitation and absolute fear.
“Sorry. It wasn’t strawberry?”
Blu shook his head. “Not strawberry or coffee grounds or broccoli or dandelion.” He dug his finger in and came out with a wallop of frosting. He hovered close to Mera. “Need another taste?”
She wanted to say no, but she couldn’t even think the words. “You are mesmerizing.”
Blu smugly grinned at her. “I know.” Zash sat down next to Mera. His closeness startled her, but she didn’t move away. Blu’s wing touched her forehead. “Think Mera. What’s the flavor? This is serious.”
She laughed. “Serious?”
Blu nodded. Arc shifted positions. “Anything sweet is very serious for Blu.”
“I think she needs another taste,” Zash hinted, as he winked at Mera.
Blu slowly leaned in and then quickly glanced at Zash. “Why don’t you do it.”
Zash swallowed hard. His hands shook as he took a cupcake and ran his finger through the frosting. He looked into her eyes and then delicately brushed frosting on her lips. She quickly grabbed his finger and slowly and very meticulously sucked the frosting off. Zash gripped the edge of the sofa until it started to snap in two. He took a deep breath as he moaned.
Arc watched with a raised eyebrow and blew out a breath. “Wish I’d thought of doing that.”
Blu grinned. “Was that better than her grabbing your necklace?”
Zash blushed intensely and nodded. “Uh huh. Yes. Definitely. Absolutely. Without a doubt.”
“So unfair.” Blu pouted. “You didn’t do that to me.”
“That’s because you just shoved your way in without warning,” Mera reminded him.
Zash smiled. “That is the closest I’ve ever been to a human without being forced or ordered.”
Mera suddenly felt guilty. “I didn’t force that, did I Zash?”
He shook his head quickly. “No.” He gently pushed her hair out of her face. “You’d never have to force me to do anything.”
Mera realized she could stare into Zash’s sad green eyes forever, and she knew another piece of her heart had locked into place.
He leaned close to her and whispered. “They’re not sad when I look at you.”
Mera was lost for a few years looking at Zash until Blu’s wing aggressively tapped her on the head. “Flavor?”
She glanced at Blu. “You must have been fun as a child.”
“You have no idea.” His smirk turned devious. “We can become adult real quick. Would you like to see what else I can do? I’ll give you one more guess before I punish you for making me wait.”
She swallowed hard as she tried not to think about what Blu just hinted. “Kiwi. That’s the flavor.”
Blu sighed. “Too bad. I really wanted to punish you.”
She stared into Blu’s eyes. “Beautiful.” Then, her head started to throb, and she was dizzy. I feel off. “I think you did punish me. I’m allergic to kiwi.”
Blu quickly grabbed her hands. He closed his eyes and said something in a language Mera had never heard. “There, all better. Kiwi is gone.”
Arc stepped back and growled a bit at Blu. “You can’t do that again.”
Blu nodded enthusiastically. “Forgot about the kiwi. She’s fine. Aren’t you, Mera?” He didn’t even wait for her to answer before he looked at Zash. “I don’t think I’ve ever seen you happy. And you’re actually smiling.”
“I know.” Zash smiled. In fact, he couldn’t stop smiling. “She is ours. Our Queen. We’re finally going to be safe.”
Mera didn’t know what was happening to her or why she was suddenly so comfortable with them. It was like she’d known them forever, and somehow Mera knew she was exactly where she was meant to be. She looked to Arc, but the witch wasn’t in the room. “Where’d he vanish to?”
Blu and Zash jumped to their feet. Blu sighed. “He has him.”
“Who?”
Zash looked down at the ground. “King Pole.”
Chapter 4: The Claiming
Mera walked over to the door which was still open. “How did he do it? I didn’t even see him. You think we could have smelled him.”
Blu looked down at the ground. “I blame myself. You’re too tempted by me.”
Zash sighed loudly. “Be serious.”
Blu and Zash started talking to each other in a language which sounded like poetry, but Mera just continued looking out the door.
“Where are you going?” Blu asked. “You can’t leave without us.” She peered outside and didn’t see a road or a town or anything but forest. Only the sounds of birds could be heard. And, of course, the buzzing of bees who had also created an altar on the porch with even larger jars of appreciation honey.
Mera couldn’t imagine how King Pole got to Arc. She didn’t know why, but she couldn’t think with him at risk. With any of them at risk.
Blu and Zash stopped and watched her. “Thank you,” Blu said. Zash could only put his hand over his heart. He couldn’t speak without getting emotional.
“What are we waiting for?”
“We’ll have to go to town.” Blu glanced at Zash before returning his attention to Mera. “It will be dangerous.”
“For me or you?”
“Both.” 
“This really isn’t a dream, is it? You’re mine or I’m yours or something.”
“Both,” Zash said.
Mera waited for someone to do something. To say something. To at least suggest something. She stepped outside. Zash grabbed her. “Are you sure you want to do this?”
“Want to? No, but I promised I wouldn’t let any of you be mistreated. If I can help Arc I will.”
Zash quickly kissed her cheek and put her cloak back over her shoulders.
Blu rushed to Mera and kissed her forehead. He greedily grinned and rubbed his hands together. “So, perhaps you should think very seriously about rewarding Zash and I for being your favorites.” Blu tapped his wing against his chin like he was thinking. “Maybe I should devise the reward.” He nodded. “That’s what I’ll do. Leave it to me, Mera, I’ll figure out the proper reward for us.” Before she could say anything, Blu jumped up and down. “I’ll gather supplies.” He was gone and then back in an instant with cotton candy and suckers. He handed Mera a cookie. “Okay, I’m ready.”
Zash lept down the front steps and grabbed Mera’s hand to guide her down. “Just stay between us. I’ll be on one side. Blu will be on your other side. I’ll know before anyone tries anything, and Blu can put them in a sugar coma.”
Why were they so fidgety? “What kind of town is this?”
Blu nibbled on a never ending chocolate bar. “Dangerous.”
Zash swallowed hard as he looked into Mera’s eyes. “I’m sorry for this.”
She froze. “Why are you apologizing now? The last time one of you apologized, I was ripped from my world.”
He quickly shook his head. “Nothing like that. You’re going to have to be a Queen.”
She looked down at herself. I assumed the red and black cloaky thing made me look Queen like in this world. Then, she felt a strange pressure on her head. Seriously? “Do I really have a crown?”
Zash glanced up and smiled. “I didn’t make it too heavy, did I?”
She didn’t want to move. “I’ve never had a … What if it falls off or I can’t walk with it?”
“I’ve spelled it so it will stay put.” Blu smoothed her hair back behind her ears. 
“They’ll be looking for weaknesses,” Zash said. “Do not ask. Order. If anyone tries to stop us—”
“If?” Blu laughed. “More like when.”
“This world …” Mera tried to figure out how to word her question. “Was it always this way or did humans completely muck it up?” Zash and Blu tensed. Both hesitated to say anything. “It’s alright. I’m well aware of the inadequacies of some humans.”
“Our world used to be better before …” Zash motioned as if saying before humans.
Mera sighed. She wouldn’t know how to apologize for an entire species. Or at least some of her species. She promised herself to remember to ask how humans made it to Oquesra. How did they get here?
“Are we ready?” Zash asked.
Mera nodded and started walking. They only got a few feet before Blu and Zash grabbed her hands, and there was a whoosh sound like a vacuum. Before she knew it, they were standing in the middle of a town, and her stomach wouldn’t stop spinning. “What just happened?”
“Portal,” Zash nonchalantly answered, without looking at Mera. “We need to keep moving.”
Blu handed Mera another cookie. “Butterscotch. It’ll help with the stomach flips. Or you can just look into my gorgeous eyes, and you’ll be so in love with me you’ll forget everything else.”
She nibbled on the cookie as they walked. This place looks like a medieval movie set. Cobblestone streets snaked around out of sight. On one side of the street, tiny shops overflowed with fabric, snacks, hats, dresses, toys, fudge, and trinkets Mera couldn’t describe. On the other side, dozens of cafes offered their specialities. She closed her eyes. From the various pungent odors, they didn’t eat what she was used to. “What is that smell? Sulphur casserole? Raw sewer stew?” Nauseating stenches violently counteracted the cookie. “Blu, do you have—”
He instantly handed Mera another butterscotch cookie. “This one is made with some of the bee’s gratitude honey. It’ll help.”
She held the cookie close to her nose and hoped the sweet honey mixed with butterscotch combated the offending stenches. “Is this like a bazaar?”
“No,” Zash said quickly.
Mera noticed his hands hovered near his sword like he was ready for anything. She hadn’t even realized he had a sword. Another thing she needed to ask them… What time period is this? They constantly scanned the area. There were hundreds of creatures shopping and eating at the various disgusting outdoor cafes. As soon as the three of them got close, everyone stared. Even if people were in mid bite, their forks hovered in front of their open mouths while they took the three in. Mera quickly looked down at her outfit. “Am I dressed weird or something? Is the cloak too much?”
Zash shook his head. “You’re beautiful.”
“Don’t look directly at them, my Queen,” Blu shakily said.
“Watch it,” someone barked.
Mera looked down to see a tiny creature with a huge hat and an even larger bright red beard glaring at her.
Blu grabbed her. “Leprechaun,” he whispered.
“Faerie.” The leprechaun scowled, spit on the ground and ran off muttering. A big eared pink something winked at Mera as it fluttered by using ears as wings. As she watched the winged creature float above the buildings, she noticed dozens if not hundreds of tiny creatures barely the size of acorns with iridescent wings dozing on tops of the awnings. “What the?”
“Walk faster,” Zash ordered.
Mera could barely keep up as their speed increased. She didn’t look at anyone anymore, but she could hear whispers, grunts, growls, and questions.
“So that’s the new Queen,” one said. “She got the faerie.”
“She won’t last long.”
Laughter interspersed with threats and loud sniffs and growls.
“Poor soul. She has no idea what’s coming.”
Zash grabbed her hand. “It’s okay.” 
“What do we have here?” Someone said with a growl.
Mera looked up at the ten foot tall beast in front of them. Forest green furry body, dog face, and lizard hands. He stuck out his silver tongue which had to be three feet long.
Yikes.
Blu squeezed closer to her. “He’s a hybrid. Don’t antagonize him.”
The green dog lizard stared at Mera. Zash stood between Mera and the beast. Zash was much taller than Mera, but he couldn’t hide her from the ten foot tall beast. The creature threw his wet snout in the air and took a very loud wheezing whiff. “She smells good.”
Zash shook his head. “Back off, Raks.”
The beast licked his lips which Mera hadn’t realized were purple with dozens of thorns like he was also part cactus. “Can’t I have a taste?”
Zash gripped his sword. “No, and let’s not make this difficult. Remember what happened last time?”
The beast grunted. “When you let me have your Queen, and we created beautiful hybrid children.”
Mera almost passed out. Blu tightened his grip on her. The beast laughed a guttural noise that sounded like a sad hyena. “Blu,” Zash quickly said.
Blu whipped around and stood behind Mera. “Something I can help you with?”
She glanced behind her and hadn’t realized a crowd had gathered. About a dozen humans and other species which she couldn’t identify pushed towards them.
“Hello, Queen,” a gruff voice said. He tried to push Zash who pushed back.
A very beautiful woman circled them. Her pink eyes matched her hair, and it felt like she was crawling into Mera’s mind. Zash turned around and faced Mera breaking the connection. “She’s a succubus. Do not look at her.”
Someone pulled Mera’s hair and grabbed her shoulder.
Zash growled. “Do not touch her.”
Blu backed into Mera which forced her into Zash. I’m being squished.
“Uh, Zash?”
“Do it,” Zash said. “I’ll protect Mera. Keep your eyes closed until I say.” He sheepishly smiled at Mera. “Sorry, but not really.” He winked and quickly kissed her. Zash forced oxygen into her lungs from his kiss. She could hear his thoughts. You are safe. I swear I won’t let anything happen to you. Not ever.
Blu threw something into the air. Mera heard screams. Curses. Yells. Tables sounded like they were being overturned. Glass shattered. Creatures ran in all directions. Zash continued to kiss Mera deeply. She never in her life felt so protected. She didn’t want him to let go of her. Ever. Zash tightened his grip around her waist while his other hand gently held onto the back of her neck. Very soon, I will never let you go. I promise.
Something very loud hit the ground.
“Okay, Zash,” Blu said. “You can stop.”
Mera tightened her grip on Zash instinctively. His lips tasted so good. She could feel his kiss in every cell of her body. He had so much power. So much sadness. “Zash?” Blu leaned closer and giggled. “Oh, Zash?”
Zash finally leaned back. “You can open your eyes now.”
Mera slowly opened her eyes. Her head was spinning. Her thoughts were jumbled. There was no way she could even try to speak. Zash’s eyes glowed silver. He looked as lightheaded as Mera. He took a few deep breaths. Blu touched Mera’s shoulder. “Are you alright, Mera?”
She could only nod. Blu giggled when he saw Zash’s blush. “Next time, I give you the potion, and I kiss Mera.”
“Blu, what power did you use?” Zash asked.
Blu giggled again. “Full power.”
The town looked like a hurricane had a tantrum. Tables were shattered. Bits of chair were impaled into the awnings. Popcorn, candy and for some reason raw pasta littered the ground. Everyone had collapsed. “They aren’t?”
Blu shook his head as he sipped on a soda. “Just the best sugar coma I’ve got.” He looked at them as if he was jealous.
Mera searched the area. Even the tiny winged things that were asleep on the awnings were huddled together and unconscious. “So, they’re alive?”
“Of course.” Blu put his hand over his heart. “What kind of faerie do you think I am?”
Mera looked closer and everyone was sleeping and … smiling … which was eerie. “And the big thump I heard?” 
Zash stepped aside to show the big green beast was snoring away. The beast’s long lizard tongue darted this way and that grabbing pretzels and chips which were strewn around him. Blu took a sucker from his mouth and cringed. “Never trust the ones who crave salt.”
Zash grabbed Mera. “I am sure this is very strange for you, but we must move before they wake up.”
Blu nodded. “Unfortunately, my full strength sugar coma does have side effects.”
“Do I want to know?”
Zash suppressed a laugh and glanced at Blu. The faerie rubbed his chin. “Let’s say there’s usually a birth boom three to twenty-four months afterwards.” He shrugged. “Depending on the species, of course. And let’s say they are not discreet about it. I mean they wake up, feel great, find the nearest partner and have at it.” Blu giggled.
“That’s why there are so many hybrids,” Zash admitted.
Mera shuddered. “Yeah, I can skip that.”
They started walking again. Blu couldn’t stop giggling. They arrived at the end of the street and Zash stopped. He motioned for them to get closer to the building as he peered around the corner. “There’s Arc.” He stepped in front of Mera. “Are you ready for this?” 
He looked at Blu who nodded. “She’ll be fine.” Blu nudged Mera along. “Remember, no questions. Orders.” Mera saluted him as he giggled.
She followed Zash to a small grouping of chairs in front of a podium. It looked like an auction was about to begin. She noticed that Blu stopped giggling and eating. “What’s wrong?”
Blu shook his head. “Just bad memories.”
Six large round cages hung in the air. She glanced up, but Mera had no idea what was keeping them suspended. There was a faerie in the first cage which Blu squeaked at. The second cage was empty, but the cage shook. Maybe it was invisible. Cage number three had two small versions of the furry green cactus dog lizard thing. The fourth cage held an old fashioned golden cash register. Weird. A young girl was in the fifth cage, and she looked human. Sort of. Her eyes were much smaller than most humans, and she did have five of them. The last cage held the witch, Arc.
Beside each cage was a bouncer with tattoos covering muscles bigger than Mera’s entire body. Wow. “You guys have a gym around here?” They must be related or the same species because they had identical sneers and tank tops. Arc looked at Mera with a mixture of surprise and relief. Maybe he didn’t think she would come for him.
A painfully thin woman stood in front of the podium. She wore a long dark blue cape and a giant blue crown that almost doubled her height. She glanced up from her papers and slowly looked Mera up and down. “So, this is your new Queen. Pity,” she said in a French accent. “Hello, Blu. I’m surprised you’ve survived.”
Blu wouldn’t look Mera in the eyes. The woman opened a notebook as if she couldn’t possibly be any more bored. “I’m Queen Marseil. I run the auction, and it appears your witch is about to be sold.”
Blu nudged me.
“Why?”
She glanced at Mera as if she didn’t expect her to actually have a voice. “He must be punished. He disrespected King Pole.”
Mera rolled her eyes. “Seriously? I disrespected him. He’s an asshole.” She didn’t know where she got the voice. Normally Mera seeped into the background. I like the new me. “You people really need some fiber.” Mera studied her. “Are your insides all bound up or are you just hangry?”
Blu grabbed Mera’s arm and giggled. “Hangry. I like that.”
King Pole whipped around. He had on a red cape which swirled so fast it almost suffocated him. “Come to bargain for your property, Queen …” He waved his hand around. “Whatever your name is.”
Zash stiffened. “You know the Queen’s name is Mera.”
The King glared at the reaper. “I’ve never had a reaper as part of my lowborns. Would your Queen trade you for her witch?”
“Back off asswipe.” Mera took a deep breath and threw her shoulders back. She tried to channel bad ass, but she only ended up with a neck ache. “I am not going to bargain. I am not going to trade. You are going to let Arc go. Now.” The King laughed, and it sounded like an old screen door. Mera covered her ears. “Sounds like a rusty spring needs to be replaced.”
Queen Marseil grinned. “This one has backbone. The others you chose were too weak.”
“Agreed,” Arc said. 
The bouncer dude guarding Arc banged a tiny orange stick against the bars making the entire cage vibrate. Arc jumped back and grimaced. “Stay in the center, filthy witch.”
A crowd started to gather around them. Mera didn’t want to be pushed or shoved or see anything like Blu described of his sugary side effects. Don’t ask questions. Order. Declaration statements. Mera aced her SATs for a reason. Maybe it wasn’t to get into a good university but to save a witch from a supernatural auction in Oquesra before… Mera stopped herself before the migraine arrived. “Tick tock. I’m done waiting.”
The woman cocked her head. “Why the rush?”
Mera shrugged. “Got shit to do. What do you care?”
She leaned forward. “I’m going to enjoy it when your thirty days are up. You’ll be auctioned, and then we’ll see where that spine gets you.”
Zash tensed, and Mera felt sadness from Blu and regret from Arc. Mental note: ask them what the hell is going on. Mera didn’t see any cell phones or tablets or laptops. I’m going to need a notepad for the growing list of questions. Mera calmed herself and continued. “Plus I have loads to do. So many things on my bucket list.”
The Queen narrowed her eyes. “You must be from the current world. Your speech is most unusual and disturbing to the ears. What time period did you hail?”
Mera’s smile turned into a grimace. “Maybe we can discuss our histories over a double half caff mocha and a sugar cookie, but right now I’d rather do business.” She channeled her inner bad ass Queen. “Return my witch. Now. I won’t ask again.”
The Queen flashed her a creepy all knowing grin. “You claim him as yours? You claim all of them as yours? Because I for one would love to taste your faerie if you ever tire of him. I’ve heard he is delicious.”
“Is every human here the worst of humanity?”
Her smirk morphed into a glare. “You might last longer than I thought.”
“You sound disappointed.”
Blu flinched. Mera didn’t know if he was impressed or afraid. He grinned. “Maybe a bit of both.”
“So, Queen Mera?” The Queen glanced at her long red nails. “The question lingers. Do you claim them?”
I know this is going to bite me. I know there’s something else going on, but I don’t have much of a choice. Or did she? Mera glanced around. Could she run? Find an earthbound portal? Her luck she’d end up somewhere even weirder. Where would she run to? Where would she even go?  “Sure,” Mera quickly blurted before she talked herself out of it. She looked at Blu. “I claim Blu as my sugar faerie.”
Blu giggled. “Sugar faerie. That’s totally me.”
Mera looked into Zash’s eyes. “I claim Zash as my reaper.” She looked at Arc. “And I claim Arc …” I’m really going to regret this, aren’t I? 
“No,” Zash whispered. “Blu and I will make sure of it.”
Mera gathered some courage from Zash. She took another breath and, ignoring every single warning, dove in. “I claim Arc as my witch. Not that I ever wanted my own witch.” She closed her eyes and waited. She didn’t know if she’d end up in an auction cage or be turned inside out or be a pet for that furry lizard cactus dog. Instead, they were back in the castle.
Chapter 5: King Pole
Blu devoured yet another cake. Zash watched Mera’s every move. Arc knelt before her. “Thank you, Mera. Thank you for saving me.”
Mera wanted to ask … She needed to ask. But maybe she just needed a few minutes of fantasy before she learned the truth. Sometimes ignorance was bliss. Other times it allowed evil to settle in for a snack. Mera stared out the window for the longest time. She knew they were waiting, but they didn’t interrupt her thoughts. I just need time to breath. Time to process. She didn’t want to think or worry or be afraid. She just wanted to be. Just for a few minutes. She needed everything to slow down.
She closed her eyes and thought of Chicago. The snow, the ice, the thaw, the summers, the shops, the Taste of Chicago and eating so much food she didn’t think she’d eat for another week. She pictured her parents, her friends. What was going to happen when she couldn’t remember them? Do they miss me? Wonder what happened to me? If I stay here long enough would they get tired of me and let me go? Would I wake up back home? Would this just all be a weird dream?
“Never,” Arc whispered.
His voice jolted Mera back. She wanted to keep her eyes closed. She wanted to pretend, but it wouldn’t go away. She knew that. She finally turned around and faced them. She slowly opened her eyes and braced herself that she was still in the castle. The three waited for her. 
Zash took a deep breath. “I’m sorry, Mera. I truly am, but we’re not letting you go.”
“Ever.” Blu swallowed hard and peeked at her in between stirring hot cocoa with a candy cane.
Mera slowly nodded. “This is my new reality. I know that. Which one of you is going to tell me what the freak I just agreed to?” She stared at the witch. “Were you really in danger or was that a trick?”
Arc’s mouth widened. “We needed to test you.”
“It wasn’t my idea,” Zash quickly admitted. “I’m sorry.”
“As am I,” Blu said.
Mera rolled her eyes. “Was any of it real? The town? The sugar coma?”
“Believe me, everything was real, and we were in danger the moment we stepped in town.” Blu sipped on his hot cocoa. “Getting taken by the King was—”
“That was my idea,” Arc admitted. “It was a test. You are already bonding with Zash and Blu. I thought the kidnapping and danger might make you bond with me.” Mera shook her head as she studied him. She didn’t say out loud what she was thinking, but she knew they could read her. Arc lowered his head. “That’s fair. I underestimated you. I’m sorry.”
Mera turned back to the window. I’m going to need longer than just a few minutes to get used to this.
Blu instantly handed her a chocolate milkshake. “It’ll help. You need more sugar.”
She tried to get out of her cloak. Zash immediately helped her out of it. She scootched, kicked and shoved one of the chairs. She scraped the floors badly, but hey at least she got the damn chair in front of the window. She plopped herself down. 
Arc watched with amusement. “Why didn’t you just order me to move the chair for you?” What Mera thought about next made Arc step back. “Okay, haven’t heard that language in a while.”
“And why do you have to be so far away?” Blu jutted out his bottom lip in a pout.
Mera closed her eyes. She wanted to sleep, but she wasn’t tired. She couldn’t even cry. She should be inconsolable. Every moment she was in Oquesra, she was further away from everything she’d ever known. She looked around the castle but didn’t see any vents. “Is there something being pumped in to make me so … I don’t know. Resigned? It’s like my ass is being bitten by thousands of fire ants, and I’m like where are the cookies?”
The three stared at her as if she just sprouted a hairy foot from her nose. Blu huffed. “Why must you be so far away from me?”
Mera calculated the distance. “It’s only like six feet.”
Blu put his hand over his chest. “It’s oceans away from me.”
She ignored him and turned her attention to the scenery out the window. Looked like a forest, but looks were obviously deceiving. “Why don’t you just kill me now and save the trouble?”
Arc frowned. “I wouldn’t. I would never hurt you.”
Mera gave him an exaggerated nod. “Maybe if you kill me I’ll wake up back home.”
“You are home,” Arc said. “We all are.”
Mera put her feet up on the window sill and admired the knee high boots with various zips and buckles. “These look goth. Your idea, Zash?”
He nodded. She sipped her milkshake. “It’s good.”
Blu jumped up and bowed. “Thank you.” His wings vibrated and drooped. “Oh no, I need more sugar. That coma really lowered me. I’m going to create a kitchen.”
“So, the faerie devours sugar. What does a witch eat?”
Arc narrowed his eyes. “Same as humans since I was born human. You don’t have to stall. You can ask us anything.”
Mera ignored Arc and glanced at Zash. “What does a reaper eat?”
Blu laughed so hard he snorted. “Tell her, Zash. What do reapers eat? It’s super sexy.”
“Souls,” Zash whispered so low Mera could hardly hear him. 
She didn’t know why, but nothing shocked her anymore. “Sugar. Souls. And human food.” She thought about it. “I like Blu’s diet the best.”
“Right?” Blu beamed. “Good choice. What’s your favorite flavor?”
Mera stared at him as if he’d suddenly gone mad. “Hello? Chocolate.”
Blu’s wings tapped on the sides of his head. “I’ve got it. We’ll have triple chocolate dipped chocolate fudged chocolate covered chocolate iced chocolate filled chocolate cupcakes.”
Mera stopped herself from wincing. “Sounds good.”
Arc moved closer. “What are you doing?”
She looked at him. “How much do you know about me?”
“What do you mean?”
“Did you do any research on me before your little world invasion kidnapping escapade?” He looked at Mera with an expression she couldn’t read. “You’re the fearless leader, Arc. What did you learn about me?” Arc’s eyes darted a thousand different directions as she assumed he tried to figure her out.	
Zash got up and stood next to Mera. He leaned down and felt her forehead. “Are you feeling okay? You’re a bit warm.”
Blu meandered over. Before Mera knew what he was doing, he squeezed next to her in the chair. He handed her another milkshake. “What’s happening? What are we doing?” His eyes found hers. “What are we planning, my chocolate loving Queen?”
Mera sighed. “Well, my immortal ones, I’m a Type A personality, and I’ve had my entire life planned since I was five.” She paused and waited for them to throw some snark. When they didn’t she shrugged. “I’m impressed. I totally would have asked how my plans were working out so far.”
Blu choked on his shake. “I did think it, but faeries are never rude. We are sexy and sugary but not rude.”
“I graduated as Valedictorian.”
“What’s that?” Blu asked Arc.
Zash smiled. “It means she’s smarter than you.”
“Much smarter,” Blu agreed. “Of course, this straw is probably smarter than me.” He pouted.
Mera didn’t take his self-deprecating bait. “Was accepted early to the University of Chicago. Going to do a double major in prelaw and …” She sipped more of the best milkshake she’d ever had. “… psychology.”
“That’s ambitious,” Arc said.
She took her time sipping the milkshake which never emptied. “Love this.”
Blu winked. “It’s an immortal milkshake.”
“Awesome. I can plan the bejesus out of anything. That’s what I do. So, let me in on this whole thing I’ve just agreed to by claiming all of you.”
Arc stepped back. “I don’t think this is wise.”
“Why?” Mera look to Blu who shrugged. “Okay, here’s what I know. You kidnap a human, and they need to fall in love with all of you before a certain period of time.”
Blu nodded. “So far so good.” He handed Mera a candy cane. “Let this swirl a bit in there. Totally worth it.”
“It obviously never worked out which is why I’m here.” Mera studied them and couldn’t understand why anyone wouldn’t fall for them. “Why didn’t it work out before?”
Arc looked down at the ground. “The fourth member of our group …”
“That vampire, Risq?”
“He wasn’t …” Zash didn’t know how to finish that sentence.
Blu sighed. “He wasn’t very careful with the very breakable humans.”
“Enough said.” Mera decided not to think because obviously the immortals would read her thoughts. Best just plunge quickly. “I’m also guessing this love thing is only the latest in the creepy things you’ve had to do?”
Blu nodded again. “This one is easier than the others.”
Arc took a deep breath, sighed, then took another deep breath, but he never said anything. Mera sipped more of the shake. “You got anymore of that mocha flavor?”
Blu poured a bottle into the shake. “Try it.”
She sipped it. “Yum. So, humans took over your world and have done what humans do to everything. Muck things up. So, I fall in love with you, and what do you get?”
“We get you,” Zash said.
Mera frowned. She couldn’t think of a reason why they’d want her.
“Don’t you see.” Zash knelt in front of her. “You’re the one. I’ve dreamt about you for centuries. You’re everything to us.”
Zash was very intense, and Mera tried hard not to get freaked out by him. “And how do humans control you?”
Again everyone looked to Arc to explain. He took a deep breath. “They have powerful witches on their side.”
“More powerful than you?”
“Much more powerful than me. Lethal spells which prevent our escape, ensure our compliance and prevent us from harming humans unless ordered.” He said everything so fast, Mera was sure he’d thought it or explained it so many times before.
“What do they get out of it?”
“Unlimited power.”
Mera thought about everything she saw in town. “You all were auctioned, weren’t you?”
Blu and Zash nodded, but Arc didn’t. “Not me. I was the one who did the buying.”
Mera looked at him and then saw how Blu squirmed. “You bought him, didn’t you?” Arc nodded as he studied the ground. Mera looked at Blu. “What did he do to you?”
Blu cleared his throat. “He convinced me to survive.”
Mera didn’t understand.
“He told me to surrender to them. Do whatever they wanted. That’s why I still look like this.”
“And that’s why I don’t.” Zash opened his jacket to reveal the hundreds of scars and wounds. 
Mera reached out to Zash but didn’t touch him. “You didn’t surrender.”
Zash shook his head. “But they took what they wanted anyway.”
Mera sighed. “This place blows.” She sat straight up. “So, how do we change it?”
Arc narrowed his eyes. “That’s it? You’ll help us? You haven’t asked us what happens to you.”
She threw her hands up in the air. She figured at this point she was a walking corpse anyway.
“You aren’t,” Zash said. “I swear on my life that I won’t let any harm come to you.”
Mera actually believed him. 
“Aw, what a nauseating scene.” King Pole said, as he stomped into the castle. “Oh, I forgot to mention. I’m back.”
Crap. “So not in the mood. That’s why the stench increased. Isn’t there a lock on the door?”
“Whatever you’re plotting. It won’t work.” The King smirked. “Each of you is broken and knows how to please us.” He laughed longer than any human could or should. “My gods you are naive.”
Mera looked him over. He still looked human. He had that vague, ugly evil ruler look about him. “How long have you been here?”
The King smiled at her as if he’d been waiting for her to ask that question. “From your time… two hundred plus years. Give or take a few decades.”
Mera’s mind did the math and then took a tour of the history books. “Civil war period?”
He nodded and touched his heart like that was such a great time. 
“Plantation owner…no…” Mera looked him over. “Wanna be plantation owner. Had to quiver that lower lip as the real evil did their deeds.”
The King’s lip did quiver, but not out of nostalgia. Mera recognized that hatred. She’d seen it before. “It should have been me. It could have been me. I was the illegitimate son. I was the one who should have gotten everything.”
Mera nodded slowly because she knew it pissed him off. “Right. You keep telling yourself that.”
The King looked at the three and snapped his fingers. They start to bow, but Mera jumped up. “Don’t you dare bow to him. Such a lowlife piece of scum.”
The King glared at her. “You do not get to speak to me that way, little girl.”
“Sh …” Mera held her hand up to silence him. “Blu.” She waited until he looked at her. “Is this world like chess?”
He shook his head. “I do not know what you are asking.”
“Yes,” Arc said quickly. “The Queen has most of the power.”
Mera smiled. “Awe. Sucks to be you, King.”
“What does that mean?” King Pole stepped back from her. “Tell me Queen, which is your favorite?”
“Who says I have a favorite?”
He laughed. “Oh, they all have one.” He looked at Blu who tried to hide behind Mera. “It’s usually the faerie with all the chocolate. Plus he tastes like sugar. And the things he can do with his tongue.”
Mera cringed. “Can you go five seconds without saying something creepy, you incomplete human?”
The King moved towards Blu. “The witch,” Mera said quickly. “He’s my favorite.” Arc looked at her with the most bizarre expression.
The King studied Arc. “He’s handsome and all. I’ll bet he’ll be fantastic in bed.”
Mera rolled her eyes. “Wish I had a watch to time you in between asshole comments.”
“But why in the worlds would he be your favorite?”
Mera grinned. “He’s the most violent.”
“I am?” Arc widened his eyes. “I did not see this coming.” His grin became sadistic. “Is that an order my Queen?”
Mera tapped her chin as if she was thinking. “Should it be?” Zash stared at her without expression. Blu looked longingly at his abandoned cupcakes. “Will there be repercussions?” Mera asked Arc.
He remembered everything he’d read. “No, he threatened you, and he threatened us who belong to you. You have every right to retaliate.”
The King guffawed. “Are you seriously going to take orders from this new reign? What is she fifteen?”
“Hello.” Mera stomped her foot. “I just turned eighteen.” She glanced at Arc. “I still need that party.”
The King grinned at Mera again. “I don’t believe you’ll order them to harm me, and I’m going to break you in ways you couldn’t comprehend in your worst nightmares.” His gaze started at Mera’s eyes and slowly traveled down to her boots. “You look very breakable.”
“I’m in a foul mood.” She nodded to Arc. “Sure, let’s make that an order.”
Zash put his hand out and kept the King in place. Arc chanted something and then glared at the King. “This is for all the degrading things you’ve done.”
The King gasped and grabbed his throat. His face turned red and then blue as he couldn’t breath. He looked to Mera, but she only stared at him. After a few seconds, he collapsed. Arc nodded to Zash. The reaper’s eyes turned silver as he chanted something Mera couldn’t understand. Zash breathed in a dark cloud that left the King. As soon as he was finished, Zash leaned back and sighed. “That wasn’t unpleasant.”
Mera stepped back. Arc helped her sit down. “Are you alright, my Queen?”
She couldn’t stop shaking. “What just happened? I felt this power surge, and I just wanted him to suffer.” She looked at the King’s body. “Did I do that?”
Arc grabbed Mera’s hands. “You ordered it, but I killed him.”
Zash sat down next to her. “And I took his soul.”
“He had one?”
Zash winced. “It was dark, but it was there.”
Blu sat down on the other side of Mera. “And you saved me from …” he shuddered. “The last time he looked at me like that … I couldn’t do that again. Not now. I am yours, Mera.” He looked into her eyes. “I do not want anyone else touching me.”
Arc knelt in front of Mera. “You’re one of us now, my Queen. You’ve made it through the trials and temptations without a hint that you’d betray us or run. You stood up to the King which no one does. Zash was right. You are the one. You truly are the Queen.” He smiled. “You’ve made it through the tenth day.”
Blu jumped up and down. “I knew it. I knew it. I knew it.”
“Something unusual about the tenth day?”
Arc jumped up and started to pace. “But I never in my calculations ever dreamed you’d claim us or order that …” Arc motioned towards the King’s body. “This changes everything. Congratulations, my Queen. We belong to you now. Officially.”
Mera looked to Zash who could only smile at her. Blu grabbed his heart. “I’m a sugar faerie who will keep you always supplied in chocolate. And you already know your heart belongs to us.” True. Couldn’t even fight that.
Chapter 6: The Farm
Arc cleared his throat. “Perhaps I should be first.” He put his hand out to Mera.
“First for what?” Mera was afraid to ask. “Nothing weird? Nothing freaky?”
He almost blushed. “To get to know me since you have reservations about me.”
“Doesn’t anyone sleep here?”
Blu made this sound that hurt Mera’s ears. “Sleep? Why on earth would you wish to be away from us? To close your eyes and lose consciousness?” He shook all over. “That’s creepy.”
“Just a nap. Maybe I need to get my nap on?”
Zash looked me over. “You don’t need to fear us, my Queen. Are you even tired?” 
Mera thought about it. “No. Not even a little bit.” She peered around at her castle. I’ve never even been alone here. Maybe I want to explore every nook and cranny.
“Why would you wish to be alone? Forget about the castle. You can explore my every nook and cranny.” Blu slapped his own leg as he laughed. “Explore my nooks and crannies. I don’t even know what that means, but it sounds naughty and so fun.”
Mera only stared at him. Blu put on his best pouty expression. “You want to be away from them or just me. It couldn’t be me.”
Arc continued to hold his hand out to Mera. “What are you afraid of?” She nervously took his hand. If he tried anything, she’d use her cool gothy boots. He grinned. “There will be no need for the boot protection. Should we proceed outside?”
“Not back to town again?” Those creatures could still be under Blu’s spell and be writhing around with each other. Mera grimaced. “That would be too stressful.”
“No.” Arc slowly grinned. “Close your eyes.”
Mera took a deep breath and then hesitantly closed her eyes and tensed her body waiting for something to happen. Why do I always expect the worst? 
Arc leaned close to her ear. “Okay, my Queen,” he whispered. “Open your eyes.” Mera slowly opened her eyes waiting for something to growl or lunge. She couldn’t believe what she was seeing. “Isn’t this like your grandparent’s farm?”
She spun around. “How did you?” Pigs. Goats. Cows. Chickens. Guinea hens. Barn cats lounging on the roof of the red barn. A collapsing, fading yellow picket fence with several pieces missing or bent. The old oak tree. The swing set. Even the smell of apple pies grandma used to make direct from the apple orchard grandpa planted.
Arc smiled. “A good memory? I’m hoping.” Mera brushed tears from her face. She couldn’t say anything, but she nodded.
Blu spotted the swing set. “Cool!” He ran over like a five year old and started swinging higher and higher. Zash touched her shoulder as he passed by her to head to the animals.
Mera looked at Arc. “You’ve got mad skills, witch.” She took another whiff of the apple pie aroma. “Grandpa planted a different orchard for each of us when we were born. I got apples. For my brother, peaches. For my sister, lemons. Totally matches her personality. A sour soul.” She stopped to look at Arc. “How many days has it been now?”
“Twenty.”
“Twenty? It was just ten like ten seconds ago.” Mera cringed. “Does that mean it’s really been twenty years back …” She wanted to say home, but she knew she didn’t belong there anymore. “Back where I came from?”
“I’m sorry, Mera. But, yes. Their lives have proceeded without you.”
Mera closed her eyes. “My sister would be thirty-five now.”
Arc shifted positions. “She became a lawyer like you were going to be. She is married with three children.”
Mera gasped. “Sour soul with children.” She shuddered. “And my brother?”
Arc hesitated. “He was a decorated soldier. He died a hero saving others.”
In an instant, Zash was beside Mera with his arm around her. “It’s okay, Mera.”
“My brother. Gone?” She imagined the last time she saw him. Then the tears emerged so quickly. “My parents?” Did she want to know?
Arc closed his eyes like he was seeing something. “Retired. Enjoying their grandchildren. They are adjusting to your brother’s death. They are as happy as they can be. Your brother was well loved.”
“He was?” Mera heard what she just said and shook her head. “I mean he wasn’t a monster. It’s just…”
“He was different since you weren’t there.”
That was like a kick in the shins. “Different as in better?” Mera opened her eyes to look at Zash, but he was back with the animals.
“Is that what you’re worried about? That you miss them or are afraid they don’t miss you?”
Mera studied Arc. “You don’t take a beat to hear the words before you purge them, do you?”
“Not really.” Arc looked at Mera without a hint as to what he was truly thinking. “Why do you not trust me?”
Mera looked into his tossed hair and deep brown eyes. He was gorgeous. But there was something in his eyes. She wanted to trust him, but he was hiding something. “Were you born a witch?”
“Yes.” He motioned for them to walk. They passed Blu who was devouring an apple pie.
Blu smiled and motioned to the pie. “This one is my favorite. The first was a bit tart. The second had too much cinnamon. The third was like the forth and sixth. The fifth was just …” He squished his face. “Not good, but this one is perfection.”
Arc whisked Mera further away from the others. “I was born a long time ago in either France or England. I’m not sure which.”
Mera gaped at him. “You weren’t born in this world? You were human?”
He put his finger over her lips. “Not quite so loud. Blu and Zash know, but others don’t.”
“Then how did you get here? Kidnapped like you did to me?” 
His eyes saddened. Mera hadn’t meant it so matter of factly, but the words spilled out and couldn’t be retrieved. “There was a powerful witch from here who found those of us in various worlds who had certain gifts.” His eyes find the ground, and Mera wasn’t sure if he was sad from the memory or what she asked him. He attempted to smile. “Her own children had died, and she wanted to give her gifts to those who had some powers.”
“So, she kidnapped children.”
“Yes.”
“Can you just spell me to fall for you if that’s what you need?”
He frowned. “I wouldn’t force you to feel anything you didn’t. And things have changed.”
“But you still need me to fall in love with all of you?”
“I think so. We’ll be more powerful together. Bonded to face what’s coming.” With movement so quick Mera couldn’t even see, he kissed her. The kiss lasted only a few seconds, and there was little feeling behind it. Like he was kissing a tree or a statue. “Sorry.”
Awkward. She looked around at the farm. She didn’t know if the weirdness was because of him or her or—
“It’s not you,” Arc admitted. He hesitated like he was desperate to tell her something. Say something, Mera. Do something. Get out of the awkward. Her mind raced for something to say, to ask, to spit. But anything would be fake. Arc and Mera stood in silence for several minutes. He stared up at the clouds, and she looked to the distance. Neither of them was really looking at anything but just trying not to look at each other.
After what seemed an eternity, Mera thought she should say something. She glanced at Blu who was probably on his eighteenth pie. “Twentieth,” Blu shouted out. “Definitely my favorite so far. The sixteenth and eighteenth were too much like the fifth.”
She turned her back to the others and gestured at Arc to write something. Arc immediately produced a pen and paper. She wrote the question: will the others know what I write here?
Arc shook his head.
Are you hiding something just from me or from them too?
Arc took the pen and paper and began to write. What I’m hiding … I promise, I will not allow it to harm you. For now, that is all I can admit.
The paper and pen disappeared as quickly as they appeared. Blu and Zash were in front of them in a second.  “Someone’s here,” Zash said, as he looked at Mera with worry.
Arc grabbed her hands. “Close your eyes.”
Chapter 7: A Fourth
Back inside the castle, two men in all black uniforms waited. One was short and one was tall. That was about their only distinction. Arc stepped in front of Mera to greet the men. The men grunted, and one of them shoved Arc out of the way. “Queen Mera?”
She nodded.
“The same Queen Mera who ordered your lowborns to murder King Pole?”
Yikes.
Zash grabbed her arm. “It’s okay. Just answer honestly.”
“Remember, be a Queen. No asking. No hesitation,” Blu whispered.
Mera stood up as straight as she could. “Yes. I’m Queen Mera …” She flinched when she heard herself say those words. Queen? Still sounded weird. “And that King threatened me.” She waited, but the officials stared at her with the blankest and blandest expressions. She didn’t know anyone could look so blah. Blu shook as he tried to suppress a giggle fit.
“He disrespected me.”
Still no response.
“And threatened …” What do I call them? I’d rather yank out my own spleen and chow down before I use that horrific lowborn word. 
Zash grinned at me.
Still can’t get used to the mind reading.
Zash shrugged his shoulders. Blu’s wing corralled some loose hairs back behind Mera’s ear.
“He threatened my immortals.” How’s that?
Blu and Zash both nodded. The officials didn’t register anything. There was no emotion. No blinking. Mera wondered if they needed batteries or something. Blu choked and cleared his throat. Mera tried one more time. “He was a straight up one note full on asshole who needed to be put down. It was only a matter of time.”
The tall official snickered. “Well said.”
“He was hideous.” The smaller one took out a piece of paper. “Please sign this.” He handed Mera something with official seals, markings, symbols in a language she’d never seen before. Arc grabbed the paper before Mera could take it and read it. The official men cleared their throats.
Arc didn’t look at them. “She is only beginning to learn our language.”
“Will she last long enough?” The shorter one asked.
Zash stepped forward. “Do not disrespect our Queen. You know what happened to the last one who did that.”
“You’re right.” He glanced at Mera. “She might be an Eternal.”
“Indeed,” Arc answered, still reading through the document. He then handed it to me. “It appears in order. It’s just you taking responsibility for King Pole.”
Mera looked at him because that was a lot of reading he just did. “That’s it?” 
Zash looked over her shoulder at the document. “What about this paragraph?”
Arc looked at the part that Zash was pointing to. “His consilpri?”
The officials looked at each other. “Just sign, and it will be disposed of.”
“What will?” Mera asked.
Everyone looked at her as if she was a child asking to taste fire. “Don’t worry,” the taller man said. “There’s only one, and you can sell him at the auction tomorrow.”
“You want me to auction someone?” Mera shook her head. “Not gonna happen.”
The smaller official shrugged. “Then you must sign to take possession.”
Arc grabbed the paper from Mera. “Shouldn’t you ask who or what it is? It could be something dangerous.” Mera held her hand out to Arc and waited for him to give her back the paper. He stared at her and set himself like he was going to wait her out.
“Arc,” Zash sighed. “What are you doing? Give her the paper.”
Mera took Arc’s challenge and kept her hand out. “I’m from a long line of stubborn. Both sides of my family. Could have changed my major just to specialize.”
“Give our Queen the paper,” Zash said. He threw up his hands and looked at Blu. “Do something, please.” Blu drizzled something over Arc who blinked and sneezed about a thousand times. He grabbed the paper and gave it to Mera. Zash glared at Arc. “I do not know what is happening to you. Do not do that again.”
Mera signed the paper and gave it back to the two officials. They smirked at her. The taller one leaned in. “If you can’t control your witch, you’re going to have problems controlling the new one.” He looked behind him. “Bring in the lowborn.”
Mera flinched as her entire body reacted to that word. “Since I’m a Queen, can I delete that word from this house?”
Zash thought about it. “You can.”
“If I use the word,” Blu whispered. “Will you punish me?” Mera couldn’t help it, but Blu always made her smile no matter the stress level. He bowed to her.
Six hooded men arrived with someone in chains. His head was covered with what looked like a burned piece of burlap. He wasn’t wearing a shirt, and his body was covered in scars, burns and wounds. They threw him to the ground. “Good luck,” one of the officials said as he shared a laugh with the others. They all left.
“Can we please get a door that locks?”
Blu nodded. Arc carefully approached the hooded man who was on his knees still chained. He pushed on his shoulder, and the one under the hood growled. He leaned towards Mera. “Told you we should auction it.”
Mera shook her head. “Never.”
Arc sighed. “If you’re having problems with me, throwing another into the mix will not help.”
Blu’s wing covered Mera protecting her from the witch. Arc stomped away. Mera leaned down close to the hooded man and carefully took the hood off. There was so much blood, gashes, wounds … She looked at the saddest eyes she’d ever seen. Sadder even than Zash’s who shifted loudly behind her. There was a gag in his mouth, and his arms were chained so forcefully behind him she didn’t know how he wasn’t in agony.
“He is,” Zash said.
He looked early twenties, but Mera knew all of them looked her age or a few years older no matter their actual age. Short, spiky brown hair. Gorgeous and all muscle of course. She still hadn’t seen anyone who wasn’t shockingly beautiful. Not any of the immortals. The humans were another story, and King Pole excelled in ick.
Mera slowly motioned to the new one that she was going to take his gag out. He quickly glanced around at the others, then his green eyes found her again. She took out the gag, but he started coughing. “I think he needs water.”
Blu handed Mera a glass, and she gave the new one a drink. He devoured the water like he hadn’t seen liquid in years and never took his eyes from hers. Like the never-ending shake, the water never dissipated. He drank and drank until she thought he’d drunk an entire ocean. He nodded when he was done.
“I’m Mera,” she said. “This is Blu, Zash and there’s an Arc somewhere having a pity party.”
“The witch. Not my favorite species.” He glanced at everyone but focused the most on Blu. “You look like her.”
“Excuse me?” Blu asked. “Look like who?”
“Your name?” Zash asked.
“Janx. My name’s Janx.”
“Oh.” Blu gasped. “Dragon.”
Janx looked at him before looking back at Mera. “Did you really kill him? The King?”
She nodded. “Not personally, but—”
“She ordered it,” Zash said. 
Janx closed his eyes as if the entire weight of the world was lifted. “Thank you.”
“How long have you been with him?” Blu asked.
Janx shook his head. “Centuries.”
“Blu, can you take the chains off?”
He widened his eyes. “Are you sure? Did you hear what he is?”
“Dragon.” I shrugged. “Wait. Dragon?”
Janx nodded. “Dragon.”
Mera frowned. He looked like a man. Sure, a gorgeous man, but a man. Am I missing something? “What does that mean?”
“He’s a shifter,” Blu said. “A dragon shifter.”
Mera looked at Blu. “He can shift into a dragon?” She looked back at Janx. “You can shift into a dragon?” Mera stared at him for the longest time. Her human mind couldn’t comprehend it. She didn’t know what she was waiting for. For him to automatically shift into a dragon? Did he need space or a magical word or a weird mushroom or a—
Blu finally snapped his wing in front of Mera to stop her brain loop. He moved around Janx’s back to look at the chains. “Are you sure?” 
Mera nodded. Zash moved her back. Blu dropped some powdery substance, and the chains were gone. Janx grabbed his arms and rubbed them. “Thank you.”
Mera motioned for Blu to help him more. He waved his hand again. Janx was clean, his wounds healed, and he looked brand new like he had just come out of a washer. Unfortunately, Blu had to give him a shirt. Fortunately, it was white and tight enough to accentuate the muscles and abs. Blu giggled. “What happened to the others with you?”
Janx looked down at the ground. “I’m the only one left.”
“Dragons are hard to kill,” Blu said, while munching on a cookie.
“Unlike faeries,” Janx said.
Blu stopped chewing on his cookie. His eyes widened. “Who do I look like?”
Janx closed his eyes. “I couldn’t protect her. I tried.”
Blu stepped forward. “Who?”
Janx opened his eyes. “She looked just like you. Except for her eyes.”
“No.” Tears formed in Blu’s eyes. “Give me her name.”
“Violet,” Janx whispered.
Blu dropped his cookie. “When? How long ago?” He looked to Zash.
Zash studied Janx. “Two years ago.”
Janx quickly looked at Zash. “An empath reaper. I thought they were extinct.”
“Most are,” Zash answered.
“How?” Blu asked. “How did she get here? She was supposed to be safe.”
Zash shook his head. “You do not want to know the details.” He leaned close to Mera. “Blu’s sister.”
“How long was she with him?” Blu stepped closer to him. “Please.”
“A long time.” Janx reached into his pant’s pocket, brought out a necklace and handed it to Blu. “It was the only thing she had left. She hid it whenever the King demanded her.”
Blu took the silver necklace with a beautiful pink stone from Janx and quickly put it around his neck. “Our parents gave this to her. Faerie stone.” He backed away and sat down with his back to the wall. He brought his wings around him to surround himself.
“I’m sorry,” Janx said. “I tried to protect her.”
“Yes, you did.” Zash glanced at Blu. “He knows that.”
Janx knelt in front of Mera. “Queen Mera, I am yours—”
“Stop.” Arc returned quickly. “This is not how this works.”
Janx ignored Arc. “I pledge my loyalty to you, Mera.”
“Enough.” Arc said. “You are not part of us. You are not part of our group. This is our last chance. I will not allow you to jeopardize it.”
“I pledge my life to you, Mera,” Janx continued. “I pledge myself to you, Mera. Do you accept me as yours? Will you claim me as yours? I will protect you with my life.”
The others looked at Mera who avoided their stare as she looked into Janx’s eyes. She saw his pain. His strength. His power. His vulnerability. She couldn’t explain it, but she trusted him. As much as she immediately trusted Zash and Blu. It was like she’d known him forever. It was going to sound cheesy, but she could feel him in her heart. Like it needed that fourth piece to be whole. I know, I even made myself cringe. Don’t ask me why, but I know without a shadow of a doubt that Janx would never hurt me or ever allow me to be harmed. He’s part of me. What? She had no idea where that came from.  She’d only just met him, but she would not, could not be without him. What is happening to me? Is it a spell?
Arc shook his head. “Unfortunately, no. That I would counteract.”
“Yes. I claim you as mine.”
“Mera,” Arc interrupted. She looked at him, but Arc wearily motioned for her to continue. Granted it wasn’t an enthusiastic cheerleading wave of encouragement. It was more the beaten down do whatever you want shrug of giving up the struggle.
“I claim Janx as my dragon shifter.”
Arc put his hands on his hips and bowed his head. “Do you know what you’ve done?”
“Help someone who has never lied to me? Never kidnapped me? Never took my family from me?”
Arc studied her with a mixture of regret and pain. “I promise I will find a way to make it up to you. What we took from you.”
“His kind was hunted to extinction just like reapers.” Zash studied the dragon intensely sometimes frowning, sometimes squinting, sometimes putting his head back. Then his eyes widened. “I trust him. He is pure. He is honorable. The tortures he suffered …”
“Mera knows what she’s doing. Her heart has chosen him. I trust him too.” Blu jumped up. “Can we go back to her grandparent’s farm again? My sugar levels are dangerously low. I need more pie.”
Chapter 8: The Dragon Shifter
They were outside again. Zash was back playing with the goats and cows. Arc lingered beneath the oak tree and studied Mera. Blu was eating three pies at once. Her grandparent’s farm. She didn’t know if she was happy from the memory or sad. I’ll never see the real farm again. I’ll never see my parents again. I’ll never see my world. My sour souled sister has her own life now, and my brother is gone. I hope he had a happy life. I hope they all did or will or whatever the time period is. I can’t continue to think about them. There’s nothing I can do for them now. I’m sick of making myself miserable over something I can’t control. Mera stopped suddenly. She hadn’t realized all that needed to come out.
Looking at the immortals, she didn’t know why, but she finally felt complete. Mera was never the cry at commercials and drool over couples holding hands type of girl. So, what has this world done to me? But that was how she felt. Complete. Whole. Safe. 
She smiled at Blu who returned a smile. She only glanced once at Arc. He confuses me. One minute he’s nice to me, but the next he’s … She didn’t know what to think about him, but it was hard to focus on the witch though. Maybe because Janx was about two feet from her and watched like he was guarding her from intruders. He looked at Mera and around her as if he’d do anything in his power to protect her from any danger. That was hard not to like.
 For the first time since waking up in her bedroom on her birthday morning, she didn’t feel like she had to worry about her thoughts. Maybe Janx was the one who completed everything. Was I broken before?
“I do not trust the witch,” Janx said. “Is he looking at you like that because of me?”
Mera’s mood calmed instantly as she heard the dragon’s soft voice. “I don’t know. I really don’t.”
Janx frowned. “He’s conflicted. Why would he waste such doubts on someone who is so …” He hesitated as he studied her. He opened his mouth but couldn’t find the right words.
She smiled at him and practically melted right on the spot when he smiled back. “That King was vile. I only met him a few times, and he made my skin crawl.”
Janx’s eyes instantly filled with worry. “He didn’t hurt you, did he? He never touched you?”
“He threatened disgusting things.” Mera shrugged. “I’ve heard worse growing up in Chicago.” Did I? Truly? I lived a pretty sheltered life. Nothing really prepared me for this world, but what could? “How did you survive him?”
Janx clenched his jaw. “Dragons can endure much suffering.” He looked around. “Where is this place?”
“My grandparent’s farm. Upstate New York.”
He looked at Mera as if he didn’t understand her words. “It’s beautiful. My land used to be beautiful. Maybe it still is.” He looked down at the ground.
“Do you need anything?” She looked over his scars and wounds and burns. At least what skin she could see peaking out from his shirt. “Are you in pain?”
He frowned as he studied her. “I’ve never met a human who has been kind to me.”
Okay, I can’t wait any longer. “Obvious question … Dragon shifter? Sorry, but I kept it in for as long as I could. You are an actual dragon? With wings.”
“I have wings,” Blu yelled.
“Long tail? Scales? Fire breathing?” Janx grinned and looked down as if he was embarrassed by the attention. How could someone who had suffered the tortures he had be polite or even communicate? I would have been a drooling mess fighting shadows with broken pudding cups.
He opened his shirt quickly, and Mera stepped back. Gasp. Sputter. Note to self: ask the dragon shifter a question, and I’ll get a sneak peak at his gorgeous … I shake my head quickly to prevent nefarious thoughts from spilling forth. Maybe no one heard her thoughts. She couldn’t see Zash at the barn. She quickly glanced over at Blu who was laughing at her. Damn the thought reading immortals. 
Janx’s chest was a mess of scars. He pointed at a large tattooed symbol etched in what looked like a thousand layers of black ink. “The King didn’t want me to shift, so this has prevented me.”
“Can it be removed?”
Janx looked at me quickly. “Most would be comforted that I couldn’t become a dragon. We are fierce. Dangerous.”
Mera shrugged. “I’m not afraid of you.” His eyes deepened as did his smile. Lordy, he’s intense. Mera took a deep breath. That wouldn’t work. She let go of a breath. Now she felt like she was hyperventilating. Am I eight years old all of a sudden?
Blu banged on the picnic table as he almost passed out from laughing. Mera rolled her eyes at the faerie. “Dragons are so …” Words seemed to flutter out of her mind because looking into Janx’s eyes made her mind gooey. “Beautiful. Why would anyone not want you to be … you?”
Janx took a deep breath and put his hand over his heart. His haunting green eyes darkened as he studied her. “Amazing.”
Mera narrowed her eyes as she tried to figure out his meaning. “What is?”
Janx’s smile grew, and he took her hand and placed it over his heart. Right over his heart. Directly over his heart. No shirt. Just his flesh and muscles and … I hope I don’t start giggling because his skin is so hot. Please don’t laugh at that, Blu, because his skin is warm. I mean, he’s hot like you all are but … Mera sighed at herself. His heart was beating so fast, but maybe that was normal for a dragon.
“Nope!” Blu yelled. She glanced at the faerie. His smirk should be catalogued. Blu choked on the pie. “Catalogued. I like that. Can we start on that later? I’d love to have my own catalog. Catalog of Blu. Or Blu’s catalog of hotness. Which is better?”
Janx put both hands over Mera’s as his heart continued to thrash around his chest like it was trying to escape. “It means this belongs to you.”
Mera stuttered and shivered as her own heart lunged about. “You don’t even know me. What if I’m—”
He put his finger over her lips. Her face was probably about three shades away from full on strawberry. I’m gonna clash with my hair. She wanted to look away. She should have looked away. That was her normal routine. From the time Mera was five, her life was planned. She didn’t have time for distractions. She studied. She planned. She studied more. She planned more. She had to get to the top of her class. She had to get into law school. She didn’t have time for dating. She didn’t even make time for flirting. Any hot guy glanced her way, and she’d whip out excuses, glance another way, lie about a relationship. Anything to avoid distractions.
And, sorry, but hot humans were easier to avoid. Sometimes. Hot immortals? She couldn’t look away from the gorgeous dragon shifter. She wanted to soak in his eyes. Taste his lips. Make him hers. And he was pure muscle. He could maybe bench press like 6,000 pounds. Janx grinned. Her stomach plunged to her knees. She tried to stop her mind from going into a thousand different naughty directions. If only not to hear Blu—
The faerie slammed his hand down again on the picnic bench and laughed so loud several birds flew away in a panic. Mera jumped about three miles, but Janx’s smile calmed her back down. I have a thousand questions.
“Why do I feel so comfortable around you?”
“Why do I feel like I’ve known you forever?”
“Why do I feel safe with you?” 
“Why do I feel like you’re part of me?” 
“Or am I part of you?”
“Take a breath in between the questions, my Queen,” Blu yelled. “If you do pass out, I call dibs on the mouth to mouth.”
She didn’t say her first snarky comeback to Blu. She just wanted to look at Janx. She remembered seeing a couple in the park once who stared at each other. Mera thought they were planning a suicide pact. Now she got it. She didn’t know how long they looked into each other’s eyes before she noticed Zash standing in front of her. Janx stepped back.
“Mera, can you tell me the name of that one goat? She’s being stingy with the details.”
She glanced at Janx. “I’m yours. I’m not going anywhere,” he said.
Mera stumbled when she turned around to walk to the barn with Zash. He held onto her arm to prevent her from making a full on face plant. “Was this about the goat’s name or to get me away from the dragon?”
Zash winced. “Maybe a bit of both. You’re moving faster with him than you did with us. Maybe I’m jealous, but I would like to know the goat’s name.”
“You could hear my conversation and straight jacket of rambling thoughts when I was talking with Janx, couldn’t you?” Zash nodded. She tried to figure it out. “Blu just bursts with whatever comes to mind. I don’t think he has a filter.”
Blu laughed again.
“Why don’t you—”
Zash’s grip on her arm tightened. “I will participate if you want, but I don’t want to intrude.” They walked over to the goats who were practicing their aerials. They jumped up on the tallest bale of hay and lunged at the cows who pretended to flee before chasing them. “The one with the mark that looks like a flower?”
Zash nodded. 
“Joanne. My brother …” A pain jabbed in her heart. “He named her. It was from a teacher he had a crush on.”
Zash raised his eyebrow. “A teacher?”
“He was six.”
Zash nodded and moved Mera further into the barn. He looked behind them, but they couldn’t see the others. “I’m sorry about your brother.”
From Zash’s tattoos to his black smoky eyeliner and faux hawk to his open trench coat that showed the tattoos and marks covering every inch of his tempting skin, he wouldn’t be super approachable in Mera’s world. No matter how gorgeous he was. He backed her up until she hit the side of the barn. “Everyone avoids me in this world too.” He moved so close his lips were only inches from hers. “So why do you trust me?”
Mera smiled. “Your eyes. They are sad and kind and compassionate.”
He blushed. “You’ve never been afraid of Blu or the dragon. You’ve never been afraid of me, have you?”
Her breathing intensified as her heart raced. “How can someone with a heart in cold storage be all gooey every time one of you looks in my direction?”
Zash pressed his body closer to hers. 
“And why is it that I am completely into whichever one of you I’m with? And instantly… I mean like five seconds after we meet?” She tried to concentrate as Zash’s hands wandered. “In my world this would not be cool. I would be called various names.” She thought about it. “At the very least it would be super skeevy.”
“Skeevy?” Zash asked. “I’ve never heard that word. But that’s how it’s supposed to be here. That’s the only way it would work with one reign and several immortals. It’s very normal. Nothing to worry about.” He put his hand out away from him. “No one else will hear us until I lower my hand. When you were having that moment with Janx, you thought of Blu?”
She nodded. “And you.”
“Not Arc?”
She thought about that. “I want to trust him, but …” She glanced down at the markings on his chest. “What is this language?”
He looked down. “Which one?” She gently moved her fingers over words and symbols on his chest. He closed his eyes. “It’s an old language of reapers. Some are poems.” She could feel his heart beat faster. He blew out a slow breath. “Some are the names of the souls I released.” His breathing caught as Mera continued to move her fingers over his skin. “Some are the names of the souls I took.”
She found her circular, maze like symbol. “And this one is mine?”
“For the record, reapers hearts rarely beat unless they have been claimed.” He kissed her. His tongue piercing explored her mouth. His kiss was just like it was in town. Mesmerizing. Time stopping. Stomach churning. Forget her own name type of kiss that made every cell in her body waken.
When Mera thought her heart might explode or her lungs, he released her. He rested his forehead against hers. “I am yours, Mera. You are my first and only and last love. I will always be yours. I will never let anyone harm you. I will always choose you over anything else.”
Hearing him say those words made her feel safe. And loved. Had I never felt safe or loved in my world? “What did you mean in town when you said that soon you’d never let me go?”
His grin turned very dangerous. “Been thinking about that, have you?”
“Hard not to think of wicked things when I’m around you. I just want to be with you and Blu and now Janx.” She shook her head. “Even though I just met him. I trust him.”
“I want that too. I’ve never felt so sure of anything.” He lowered his arm and moved to kiss her again but stopped and sighed. “Arc is looking for you.” He stepped back. “If we don’t go back, he’ll find us.” 
Mera nodded. I’m glad I don’t have to use my voice because I can barely think. Zash grinned and laced his hand in hers and walked her back. They  got to Blu who was still tasting pies. “How many this time, Blu?” Zash asked.
He waited until he swallowed. “The twenty-fifth wasn’t apple. I do not know nor will I ever ask, but it was disturbing both physically and emotionally. The thirtieth is my current favorite.”
Mera sat down beside Blu at the picnic bench. Zash kissed her hand. “I’ll be back with the goats and cows. I still haven’t found all the cats or guinea hens which distresses me. I hope there is no connection.” He ran back towards the barn. He looked back and smiled at Mera every few feet.
Blu grinned. “I’ve known Zash forever, and you are the first who has ever captured his heart.” He studied me. “And the feeling is mutual, isn’t it?”
Mera looked at Blu. “I was wrong before.” Blu quickly looked at her with alarm. She gazed at his blond hair and his carved body of perfection and his sparkly skin. “You are perfect and glittery.”
He looked down so proud of himself. “Right? Definitely built for lust.”
She looked at his flawless chest. “You don’t have Zash’s scars.”
Blu shook his head. “I’m more the coward.”
“What does that mean?”
“I don’t like pain. I did what anyone ordered me to do. No matter how much I didn’t.”
Mera couldn’t imagine the life they’d had. The pain and torture. The degradation. “I’m so sorry, Blu. I’m sorry my species can be so cruel.”
He handed her a piece of pie. “Is this how you remember your grandmother’s pie?”
She bit off a piece and savored the flavors. “Exactly.”
“Then this will be my favorite.”
Mera studied his sister’s necklace. “I’m also sorry about your sister.”
“She wasn’t supposed to be here. I know she came for me, and for that I’ll never forgive myself…” His eyes wandered towards the fields and trees and sky. “Mera, can you leave me now? I … I mean I … I can’t … I don’t want you to see me like this.”
Mera leaned in closer because she could barely hear him. She wiped a glittery tear from him. He spread his wings around them. “This will give us privacy from prying ears much like Zash was able to do.”
“You knew he did that?”
“He didn’t block me. Only Arc.” He looked into her eyes and moved her hair away from her face. “I love this color on you. Did you really mean what you said about wanting to be with me and Zash and the dragon forever?”
“I would never say anything to you I didn’t mean.”
“I’m more flirty than serious, but what Zash said at the barn …” He pointed to himself. “Thank you for never being afraid of me.”
“I’ll leave you, but you don’t have to hide anything from me. It’ll only make me love you more.” Mera glided her fingers over his lips and kissed him gently. He swallowed hard and then kissed her again. It was like Zash’s kiss but softer without the urgency. Blu moved slower and gentler like he was afraid of hurting her. With Zash Mera felt like she was going to trip over herself because he made her nervous in a very good way. With Blu, she was completely at ease. Safe.
Blu let her go and smiled. “You’re comfortable with me which makes me giddy, and Zash is ecstatic knowing he makes you nervous in a very good way.”
Mera touched her lips and tasted sugar. “I’m glad I was awake for that one.”
Chapter 9: Escalations
She walked over to where Janx waited. His smile widened the closer she got. “I see you prefer the reaper and faerie to the other one.” She nodded quickly. Janx glanced at Arc like he understood. “It must be strange to have your entire world upended.”
“I wasn’t given a choice.”
Janx shifted his head to try to figure things out. “You mean they just took you? From your life? From your world?”
Arc walked over to them and glanced suspiciously at Janx. He held out his hand. “Shall we continue our talk?”
“I thought we were done.”
“Mera, you have more questions for me. I know you do.” He continued to hold his hand out. “I would rather you get answers from me than the dragon.”
Mera still didn’t take his hand. Arc’s smile slowly disappeared. “I must insist.”
Janx moved close to Mera with his hands behind his back. “You have your answer.”
Arc glared at Janx. “I didn’t ask you. And we’ve all pledged loyalty to her.”
Janx moved even closer. “Then you should understand the meaning of your own words.”
Arc’s jaw tightened. “This doesn’t concern you, dragon.”
“If it concerns Mera, then it concerns me, witch.”
Zash was in front of Arc before Mera knew what was happening. “Arc, dragons are extremely loyal. If he feels you are threatening her—”
“I’m not threatening her. I wouldn’t hurt her.” Arc’s eyes narrowed at Janx.
Janx laughed. “I would not try a spell on me. I might not be able to shift into a dragon, but I am much stronger than you.”
Blu was at Mera’s side quickly. He dropped the pie he was eating. “I can feel Mera’s fear. What is happening? Why are you scaring her?”
Arc glared at Mera. “Just what did the reaper and faerie say to you when they blocked me?”
Mera stepped back from Arc. She didn’t know what was happening. Janx growled, and Mera could feel the heat coming from him. “You need to back off,” Zash said nervously. “He is a dragon. He will protect her with his life.”
Arc grinned. “I have no problem with that equation.”
“Stop scaring her,” Zash said. “The dragon is warning you, and I’m warning you.”
“And I’m warning you, Arc,” Blu said. “You think I’m this ridiculous sugar obsessed faerie, but I have powers and will protect Mera with my life.”
“Why would you stand with a dragon?”
“My sister trusted him. Mera trusts him. That means I trust him.”
Arc shook his head. “I’m sorry Blu. But there are things you don’t understand. You hadn’t seen your sister in a century. What would you know about her?”
Blu’s wings rustled. “Be very careful, witch.”
In a blur, Arc grabbed Mera and backed away from everyone. He wrapped his fingers around her throat. “I’m sorry Zash. Sorry Blu, but maybe we still have time to find another human.”
Everything blurred. Zash yelled. Blu threw some sweet dust. The ground shook as Janx roared. Mera was slipping away. “Can I have my party now?” She was falling. Someone caught her, and she opened her eyes to see Zash holding her. He looked worried as he placed his hand over her neck. Blu was instantly standing over her and blew something on her. She was healed. She could hear. She could see. Zash helped her stand up. Janx held onto Arc who struggled but couldn’t fight against the immense strength of the dragon.
Arc’s eyes found Mera’s. “I’m sorry. Remember what I wrote.” His expression was sincere, and Mera wanted to ask him—
Blu sprinkled something over him, and he was unconscious. Janx growled and dropped him at his feet. Blu let out a long sigh. “That was dramatic.”
Zash let Mera go. “Are you hurt?” He examined her neck. “Cannot believe he grabbed you like that.” He looked into her eyes. “You might be a little shaky. Just take it easy. Always knew something was up with Arc.”
“Right?” Blu said downing a hot cocoa. “That escalated quickly. I don’t think I ever trusted him after he turned that one Queen inside out.” Blu threw the empty cup of cocoa down and then devoured a cupcake. He handed me a milkshake. “Never trust anyone who doesn’t crave sugar. Except for Zash.” He glanced at Janx. “Remind me what dragons eat.”
Janx glanced at all of them. “In this form, eggs I think.”
Blu cringed and instantly grabbed his stomach.
Janx cleared his throat quickly. “Cake. I think I’d like cake.”
Blu grabbed his arm. “You’ve never had cake?” His eyes filled with tears. “I’m so sorry. I’ll make you a cake in every flavor.”
“What happens now?” Mera looked down at Arc still unconscious at Janx’s feet.
Zash looked around. “Janx, can you help bring him down to the dungeon?”
“Dungeon?” Mera asked. “There’s a dungeon here?”
Blu swallowed hard and put his hand over his heart. “As of the last few minutes, yes. I just created it. Never thought I’d have to.” He quickly sat down in a chair that wasn’t there two seconds ago. “What with the drama and the sugar spells and your resurrection and the dungeon creation, my sugar levels are horrifyingly low.” Blu snapped his fingers, and a table full of chocolate everything appeared. He licked his lips as he eyed everything. “Queen gets first choice. Chocolate brownies or chocolate fudge or chocolate cookies or chocolate candies or chocolate sugar sticks or chocolate pudding or chocolate mousse?”
Zash and Janx disappeared into the house with Arc. “What happens now?”
Blu motioned towards the table. “We can’t do anything with our sugar so drastically drained. Brains can’t function without the proper amount of chocolate.” He shook his wings out. “I’ve never trusted witches.” Blu took a deep breath. “First we sugar up and get our chocolate on. Next, we nap. Together. I know how you love to lust over my body. If you need more sugar, just lick me. Finally, we let Zash figure things out. He’s good at that. And obviously Janx will make sure everything is secure.”
Chapter 10: Is there such a thing as too much chocolate?
Mera stretched and opened her eyes. It was totally dark. She wasn’t in her room. She had to stop thinking she was ever going to wake up there again. I’m never going home. This is my home now. She heard movement.
“Blu,” Zash said. “Your wings. Mera’s awake.” She’d fallen asleep on the couch, and Blu covered her with his wings.  Zash leaned over her. “You’re okay. Just fell asleep after all the sugar.”
Janx watched her and then looked at Zash for an explanation. Zash shrugged. “Last time she slept was when we fooled her into saying she was home.”
Janx growled. Hearing about that soured Mera’s stomach. She could feel a panic arriving. “Is he still down in the …”
“Dungeon.” Zash nodded.
“Don’t worry, Mera,” Janx leaned over her and gently touched her face. “I will never let anyone even think of harming you again. Neither will Zash or Blu.”
“How long have I been asleep?”
“Ages,” Blu said. Mera hesitated to look at the faerie. She thought she’d eaten more chocolate than she could ever consume in three lifetimes. If Blu was eating again, she didn’t think she’d be able to handle it. She slowly looked up at him. He grinned but was hiding something behind his back.
“It’s okay. I don’t think I could eat again.” She grabbed her stomach. “Ever.”
He brought out the shake from behind him. Mera looked between Zash and Janx. “How long have I really been asleep?”
“About twenty minutes,” Zash said.
“Like I said … ages.” Blu sucked the drink dry. “Why did I not make this an immortal shake? It was so good.”
Mera grabbed her head. “Total chocolate headache.”
Blu touched her. “Look into my eyes, Mera.” He sprinkled something over her.
In an instant, she felt like new. No ache. No pain. “Amazing.”
Blu grinned proudly. “I know.”
“Have I missed anything?”
Blu shook his head. “Just lonely with you unconscious.”
Mera stood up and realized she was still wearing all the necklaces. “Does anyone mind if I take these things off?”
Blu jumped up. “You want to touch us for real?” He fluttered around the room. “I need to prepare. There’s a list I have somewhere I must get. Supplies. Preps. Sugar.”
Zash sighed. “Blu.”
Blu looked at him like Zash had just grown horns. “It’s so …” Mera tried to think of the words, but there were no words from her world about necklaces that could … she shivered. “They are creepy and aren’t they weird for you?”
Blu shrugged. Zash moved his head this way and that. Mera looked at Janx. “I don’t think someone like you having them is weird. Someone like that King. That was—”
“Right. So, you wouldn’t mind if I took them off?”
Blu and Zash shook their heads. How to take them off without …  Zash blushed. “Let me do it. I can’t activate them.” He carefully lifted all the necklaces together and raised them over her head.
Mera took a deep breath and looked down for once not seeing those necklaces taunting her. “That was a lot of pressure wearing those. I was afraid that I’d accidentally …” They eyed her waiting for her to say something nefarious, awkward or weird. Or all three. “Anyway.” She glanced around the room. “Where exactly is the dungeon?”
Zash’s expression turned to worry. “Why?”
“Can he get out?”
Blu grabbed his stomach. “That would be bad. Like cauliflower brownie bad.”
Zash closed his eyes. “He’s there. Not happy. But he’s down there.”
Janx moved closer to Mera. “I can make sure he never bothers you again.”
She took a deep breath. What was it that Arc said to her and what did he mean? “What means that?” Blu frowned at Mera. “Something he said to you?”
Then she realized something. Something creepy. “How long have I been here now?”
Blu jumped up. “Why? What’s happening?”
“Do we have a bathroom here? A shower.”
“You want to shower together?” Blu jumped up and down again. “I need supplies. Sugar. Where’s my list?”
Zash grabbed Blu to stop the jumping. “Calm down and create the shower for her.” In an instant a glass shower appeared in the middle of the room.
Zash put his hands on his hips and sighed. “Blu, put that in a separate room. With walls. No windows. Privacy.”
“I won’t peek.” Blu placed his hands over his eyes with his fingers so wide apart Mera could see his mischievous expression.
Thinking of being alone in a bathroom suddenly gave her the creeps. Blu’s slow grin became devious, and he raised his hand. “I’ll make the sacrifice to watch you.” Zash shook his head. “Fine.” Blu snapped his fingers. “Done.”
Mera looked down at herself. I feel clean. Even my hair is still damp. “You’ve done this for me before, haven’t you?”
“Every day. Of course, you were usually so distracted with lusting over my body to notice.”
Mera noticed she had different black boots and a different but similar black and red cloaky thing and another black dress, but this wasn’t so tight. It had a bit of flair at the bottom. “Easier for twirling.” Blu winked. “And other things.”
“Thanks. All of a sudden I thought of every horror movie where something sinister happens just when someone gets in the shower. How many days has it been now?”
“Twenty-nine,” Blu said nonchalantly. Then, he realized what he just said and grabbed at his heart. “Twenty-nine? Twenty-nine. Twenty-nine!” He threw himself down on the chair and rocked himself back and forth.
Mera immediately grabbed the milkshake he’d put down before and handed it to him. “Blu, drink. What’s happening?”
“It’s almost thirty days,” Zash said, as he nervously looked at Mera.
Blu’s wings quivered. He put his hands over his head and continued to rock. “Blu!” Mera tried to stop him from rocking, but he was too strong. “Blu, it’s alright. Everything’s changed.”
He shook his head. “You don’t understand. If you—”
A loud noise shook the house. “Do I want to know what that was?”
Chapter 11: Chosen
Zash and Blu jumped up. Janx moved close to Mera. “The dungeon.” Zash looked to Mera. “I don’t want you to go down there, but we’re safer if we’re together.” He nodded at Janx then returned his attention to Mera. “Blu will go first. Then me. You follow and then Janx.”
They followed Blu down a hallway Mera had never seen before. Blu stopped in front of a wall, put his hand on it, and it became a door. He glanced back to Mera and grabbed her hand. “Mera, if I’m not back in twenty seconds, mourn me deeply.”
Zash sighed. “We’re all going together, Blu.”
“I know.” He leaned close to Mera and whispered, “All my chocolate recipes and potions are hidden in the secret compartment in the kitchen.”
Mera smiled thanking him for making her laugh even when she was scared to death. He winked. “Anytime.” They followed Blu down a winding stairway lit only by torches.
“Why does this look like a dungeon out of the movies? And why no electricity?”
“I had to work quickly, and electricity is not my expertise,” Blu admitted. “Besides, I think it provides the appropriate dungeon vibe. Is that the right word?” They arrived at a rounded wooden door. Blu put his hand on the doorknob then jumped back. His wings fluttered back and forth. “Can’t do it. Too scared. Zash, can you open it?”
Zash grabbed the doorknob and threw it open. In the small room that was covered from floor to ceiling in brick there was a huge cage that took up almost the entire space. Unfortunately, it was empty. Janx moved around Mera and studied the cage. “He didn’t break out. Did you spell this?”
Blu nodded while nervously glancing around. “You sure he’s not hiding or invisible or under something?” He grabbed Mera’s hand and placed it on his chest. “I have two hearts, but I can only put my hand over one at a time.”
She laughed. “Your heart is beating super fast.”
“It’s the sugar.” He grinned at her. “Plus, you’re touching me.”
Zash closed his eyes. “I don’t sense Arc here at all.”
Blu shook out his hands and wings. “Wait.” Worry creeped up again. “Where is he then? Can you sense him?”
“He’s not close.”
There was a knocking upstairs. Blu grabbed Mera quickly. “What in all the realms is that?”
Zash looked at Mera. “Stay close.” He motioned to Blu. “Do not let her out of your grasp.” Blu grinned at her mischievously. They followed Zash back up the stairs. Blu grabbed Mera from behind and matched her movements and footsteps exactly. Janx followed. Zash told them to wait in the hallway. He walked out and stopped quickly. “Queen Cyl.”
Janx gently moved Blu out of the hallway so he could close the door. The door immediately disappeared. Zash glanced at Mera. “It’s okay.”
Blu continued to hold her as he walked Mera to the room. Standing in front of them was a girl about Mera’s age with long pure blonde almost white hair. She smiled at Mera with confidence. “Queen Mera. I am Cyl.” She was ethereal and graceful like a ballerina. She was the first that actually looked regal with the most beautiful white and golden cloak and matching crown.
Cyl noticed Mera’s attention to her outfit, and she looked down. “Gold thread. I think that’s what makes me look more like a Queen.” She motioned to a man with spiky black hair and the lightest blue eyes. It didn’t hurt that he lined his eyes with black eyeliner to further accentuate the blue.
“My eyes are blue as well,” Blu whispered to Mera. “Or did you not notice? Or wonder why I have my name?” Mera poked him in the ribs which made him giggle.
The man bowed to Mera. “Queen Mera, I am West.”
Zash moved quickly in front of Mera. “Risq’s brother. The vampire that used to be in our group.” Mera held in her breath. Janx immediately stepped beside Zash which further shielded her.
The vampire laughed. “I see my reputation or at least his has preceded me. Trust me, I’m nothing like my brother.” He gasped when he saw Janx. “A dragon. Rare.”
“It’s okay.” Zash moved so Mera could see. Blu continued to hold onto her.
West looked between all of them but focused his attention on Janx. “Forgive my rudeness. Dragons are … amazing.” He then looked around. “Just the three of you? You finally lose the witch?”
“We had some issues,” Zash said.
“I can imagine. But, you replaced him with a dragon.”
Cyl watched Mera. “Impressive for such a new Queen.” She looked Janx up and down. “A very handsome and immensely strong dragon. And he has already pledged his undying loyalty to you.” She shifted her head back and forth as she studied him. “And you’ve already given your heart to her.” She returned her attention to Mera. “Very impressive. You must be special indeed. I was also your age when I was chosen.”
Chosen instead of taken? That was an interesting spin. Blu’s grip around Mera tightened as if he was apologizing with his hug. Cyl motioned to another man who was with her. “This is Kaoz.”
He had longer black hair, darker skin and translucent eyes. “Queen Mera.” He bowed a bit, and all his bracelets jingled. He was wearing a shiny black jacket over a silky white shirt that was open to reveal thousands of necklaces of every shape and size.
“A witch,” Blu whispered to me.
Kaoz grinned. “I am from an ancient family. Very unlike your human witch hybrid you used to have here.”
“And I’m Vix,” the dark haired, brown eyed absolutely stunning woman said, as she stepped forward.
“Succubus,” Blu whispered.
Vix smiled. “That I am.”
Mera glanced at them. Each looked like they stepped off the runway. “You’re beautiful,” she said, without thinking. “You all are.”
Vix grinned. “That is one of the reasons we are all still alive.”
Kaoz grabbed Cyl’s hand and kissed it. “That and we were lucky enough to have chosen this compassionate beauty who showers us in the best of everything.”
West looked at Mera. “I’m glad your witch finally chose well.”
Zash cleared his throat. “Yes, we did not have much luck with the previous ones.”
Kaoz studied Zash. “Choosing Queen Mera was the reaper’s doing, not the witch.”
“Yes, I chose her.” Zash glanced at Mera and hesitated. “I knew before we met her that she was the one.”
Blu held on tighter. Cyl looked around Mera at Blu. “You, indeed are very lucky, Blu. I’m afraid beautiful faeries suffer greatly in a world of demanding and sadistic humans.”
“Yes. We are all lucky.”
Cyl looked Mera up and down. “What is my former world like now?”
Mera had always thought the witch chose her, but it was the reaper. She realized someone had spoken to her. “I’m sorry. When were you … chosen?”
Cyl thought a moment. She frowned and looked to Kaoz. He whispered something to her. “I’ve been in this world so long I forget. I was born in Virginia. 1838?” She glanced at Kaoz who nodded.
Mera stepped back a bit. “Wow. Yes, things have changed a bit since then.”
Cyl narrowed her eyes. “The war that was rumbling?”
“The civil war? Yes, fought and finished.” Mera hesitated. “Mostly finished. Still issues.”
Cyl smiled. “Queen Mera, I will not take up your time. I just wanted to introduce myself and my beautiful immortals. My door is always open should you need anything.”
“Thank you.” She watched them leave and wondered if she’d ever be as graceful as Cyl. “She’s so beautiful.”
Blu snorted. “You do not need to worry about that. You are beautiful as well.”
“You are ours,” Zash said, smiling at her. 
West ran back inside. “Sorry, Queen Cyl has invited you to join us N. A. N.”
Mera flinched. “N. A. N.?”
He glanced again at Janx, bowed and left. Zash turned to face Mera. “I’m sorry I never told you.”
“I thought Arc chose me.”
Blu shook his head. “He had the worst taste. We trusted Zash.”
Zash moved close to Mera, but she stepped back. “What is a N. A. N.?”
He hesitated since the subject was changed so quickly. “The Narrow Apres Next. About ten days from now.”
Blu let go of Mera and gasped. “I need to prepare. Gather supplies. The sugar. I’ll need my lists.”
Zash grabbed her hands. “Please forgive me.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Mera tried to think of everything. “And why did you all act like Arc chose me.”
He closed his eyes. “I thought you’d hate me. We were desperate, but we should have given you a choice.” His body tensed, and his pain was excruciating to witness. He couldn’t even look at her. “There was a moment when we all had to decide, and we should have given you a choice.”
“But you didn’t.” Mera studied him. “Just one question, and I’ll drop it.”
Zash entwined his fingers with her and pulled her close to him. “Ask me anything.”
“If I had said no?”
Zash’s startled expression quickly turned to guilt as his body tensed again. He closed his eyes tight. “It wouldn’t have mattered. We would have taken you anyway.”
Suddenly, the room was spinning. She tried to escape his grasp, but he tightened his grip. He rested his forehead against hers. “Because I was selfish. I already loved you. If you didn’t agree, it would have killed me. I wouldn’t have been able to give you up, and I couldn’t survive in your world.”
Again Mera tried to move away, but he didn’t let Mera out of his grasp. Janx was beside them in an instant as was Blu. The faerie touched Zash’s shoulder. “Zash, you have to let her go.”
Zash nodded and released Mera. “I’m sorry. I would never hurt you.”
Mera backed away and looked at Janx. “I’m fine.”
Janx looked between her and Zash. “Are you sure?”
Zash shook his head but wouldn’t look at me. Tears fell down his face. “Please tell me you can forgive me.”
Blu put his hand over his heart as he looked at Zash and touched Mera’s shoulder before walking away. Janx too stepped back but kept his eyes on Zash. Seeing Zash in pain was agonizing. Mera grabbed Zash’s hands. “Don’t keep things from me. That’s what Arc did, and that’s why I didn’t trust him.”
Zash finally looked up at her. The pain in his eyes almost crippled Mera. “Are you sure I’m not an empath because the way you’re looking at me is incapacitating.”
He shook his head. “You’re not. You’re lucky. The fear you had when I couldn’t let you go … your pain when you realized I was the one who took everything away from you.” He looked in her eyes. Then he quickly shut his eyes. “The way you’re looking at me now.” He took a deep breath and bowed his head. “That’s more painful than the worst torture they ever put me through.”
“Zash.” Mera let go of his hands and lifted his face up to her. “I just need time to process, okay?” He wouldn’t look at her. “Please open your eyes.” He slowly opened his eyes and studied her. His breath caught. Mera flinched. “What do you see?”
He looked away from her. “It’s nothing.”
Mera didn’t think any of them could lie to her.
Chapter 12: The Laws
Mera had to take her mind off what Zash wasn’t telling her. “Are there books for the laws here?”
Blu was busy in the kitchen but snapped his fingers, and a desk appeared by the window surrounded by a bookshelf full of law books. Mera walked over to them and picked one of the books up. “Will I be able to understand the language?”
“I had them translated.”
Janx studied Zash. “Tell me I don’t have to warn you.”
Zash shook his head. “I shouldn’t have held onto her like that.”
“You know I will protect her from any and all threats.”
“Yes.” Zash sighed. “You won’t have to protect her from me. I promise.”
Janx finally moved away from Zash and returned his attention to Mera. “Why are you interested in the law books?”
“She was going to be a lawyer back in her world,” Zash answered, as he watched Mera intently with the saddest eyes.
“She was accepted at the best university and was going to major quadruple or single triple or something.” Blu waved his hands as he stirred another milkshake. “Bottom line, she’s super smart. Obviously, as anyone can tell.”
“Thank you?”
Blu jumped back when he saw Mera’s frown. “What’s that look for?”
“Usually compliments arrive right before demands.”
Blu tightened his lips together while his wings fluttered. “Chocolate. That’s what I demand. Always. Oh, and you. Actually you first. Then chocolate.” He looked up at the ceiling as if he was thinking. “Then you. You. You. Chocolate. Then you again.”
Janx walked over to the desk. “What are you thinking?”
Mera didn’t know yet. “Not sure. But maybe I can figure out the rules and laws here and circumvent them or something.”
Janx smiled. “Smart.”
“I know I’m not actually a lawyer, but my parents are…” Mera thought about that since Arc told me they were retired. “Were. They wanted us all to go to law school. I memorized the various classes of misdemeanors, felonies, infractions and wobblers before I was twelve.”
“Wobblers,” Blu said, smiling. “I like that word.”
Mera realized that none of them understood what she was saying. “They don’t have universities or colleges or certificates or something here do they? How did humans come here?”
Blu and Zash glanced at each other and then at Janx.
“What?”
“I’m sorry we’re not going to be much help with that,” Zash said.
Mera looked at Janx. He shrugged. “Dragons were pushed into hiding so we kept to ourselves.”
“What about books? Would anything have the history?”
Zash shook his head. “Witches …” He cringed. “Sorry, Arc could have helped with that. He knew all about the history of Oquesra.”
She looked at all the books. “So these are all the laws of the humans?”
Zash nodded.
She looked at her arm. “I forgot about the marks.” She traced each of them. “Is there anyway to remove the symbols?”
Zash took in a gasp of air. “You want to remove our symbols? All of them or just mine?”
She shook her head quickly. “Only for Arc. Don’t think I’ll be needing his.” Zash relaxed a bit, but his weariness showed on his face. “Zash are you taking on my emotions?” He nodded slowly. “Is that why I went from feeling like I was gut punched to lusting after a cupcake?”
Again, he nodded. “Empaths can take the emotions from those they are closest to.”
That made sense and explained so much about how her emotions could vanish so quickly. “But you actually took my feelings from me.”
He looked at her. “I didn’t want you to suffer that pain.”
“But that means you get the double whammy.”
He grimaced like he was in pain. “I can take it.” He moved close to Mera and hesitantly took her arm. Janx walked over to the window.
Blu put his milkshake down and skipped over. He rubbed his hands against the side of his shiny jeans. “Cold hands.” Then he covered the symbols. Zash chanted something, and Arc’s symbols were gone.
Mera breathed a bit easier. “Janx?” He immediately looked at me. “Would you mind if I wore your symbol?”
His eyes widened. “I …” He caught his breath. “I would be honored.”
“Is this how it all works? I have no idea what I’m doing?”
“You’re doing fine.” Zash weakly smiled. 
“And is it okay with me wearing all of your symbols?”
Zash let out a breath like it was his last. Blu kissed her forehead. “Thank you for asking us.”
“And you are all okay with each other?” Mera waited but they only looked at her with wide eyes and open mouths. “Did I say something weird again?”
“No.” Janx looked to the others. “We’ve just never been asked about our feelings for anything.”
“It’s …” Zash looked around as if trying to find the right word.
Blu jumped up and down. “It’s like chocolate ice cream on a chocolate fudge brownie cake with a side of chocolate mousse and an edible chocolate spoon.”
Zash frowned. “I guess that’s good.”
Blu nodded so forcefully even his wings dipped back and forth. “Janx, you want to place your symbol?” For being a dragon, Janx moved like the most graceful, stealthy cat. He carefully took her arm. His touch made Mera’s heart race faster. Blu giggled at her. 
“Janx, are you the only one who can’t read my thoughts?”
“Unfortunately.”
Blu giggled again. “It is unfortunate for you because her heart races when she even glances in your direction.”
Janx flashed a playful grin. “Your heart I can hear. Dragons have excellent hearing.” He glanced at Blu and Zash. “And we cannot be blocked with magic.”
Blu’s eyes widened as did his grin. “Good to know.”
“Why can’t I hear all of your thoughts?” Mera thought about that. It would make things easier. I think. “And I can only hear your hearts when I touch you.”
Blu giggled again. “So glad you have to touch us for that.”
“You don’t need to read our minds,” Zash said. “You know how I feel about you. Even if you wish my feelings weren’t as strong as they are. Blu, have you said the words?”
Blu jumped up and down. “I was too emotional, but you have to know I adore you Mera. I cherish you more than all the sugar and chocolate in all the realms.”
Mera widened her eyes and shifted back a bit. “Wow. All the sugar and chocolate?”
Blu nodded enthusiastically.
Janx closed his eyes. He put his hand over his heart then he took her hand and placed it over his heart. “I didn’t think my heart existed until I looked into your eyes the first time. Then when we talked outside … I am yours, Mera. You are my beloved. Forever. For always.” His symbol of an intricate green and gold dragon appeared on her arm.
“Is this what you look like as a dragon?”
He studied the symbol. “I think so. It’s been so long since I’ve been able to change.”
“About that …” Mera looked at Zash and then Blu.
“We discussed it while you were sleeping, and it’s powerful magic.”
“We’ll need a very powerful witch,” Blu said.
“Like Cyl’s witch?”
Loud booms come from all around them.
“What in the realms is that now?” Blu grabbed Mera again. “Why can we not have one quiet day? I’ll settle for a quiet minute.”
Janx rushed to the window. “You’ll need to see this.” They walked to the window and looked. Fireworks and flashes of bright lights of all colors appeared in the sky followed by streamers and banners. Welcome the newest Eternal, Queen Mera.
Blu and Zash looked at Mera and grinned.
“What does that mean?”
Then another banner came into view. Welcome the newest Eternal Immortal, Queen Mera.
They both fell to their knees and bowed their heads.
“What in the freak is happening now?” No one looked at her. They all bowed their heads and kneeled. “Do I want to know what’s going on?”
“You’re an Eternal and an Eternal Immortal.” Zash said finally as if it took a while for his voice to work. Mera thought she saw relief in his expression. “You’ve made it past your thirty days.”
“So, I’m safe? You all are safe?” Mera tried to remember everything she knew about her new world. The immortals are safe and won’t be auctioned. That means Janx replaced Arc, and I didn’t have to parse out my feelings for the witch. 
“All of that and more,” Zash whispered.
“Eternal? Eternal Immortal?” 
Before Zash could answer, Blu hugged her. “Thank you, Mera. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Now, I can share my recipes with you. All my secrets …” He twirled Mera until they were both in the kitchen. He set her on the counter and then stepped back. “This was what I saw.” He smiled at me. “It was real when I saw you and I before. It was real.” He placed his wings around them blocking them from the others. “Obviously only from prying eyes since I can’t block them from hearing us. But…” His grin became devious. “If I can work my magic and make you giddy that will help Zash so I’m doing a service.” In a flash, frostings appeared everywhere. “Queen’s choice. I so want to try what you did with Zash.”
“Are we safe, Blu? Tell me we’re safe.”
“We are very safe, my Queen. Now…” He pointed at all the frostings. Mera looked at all the flavors. She tapped her finger against her chin like she was having a hard time making a decision. Blu tapped his fingers against the counter and sighed loudly. He grabbed her hand and placed it over his heart. “That’s what you did with Janx.”
It was still hard to process everything. Mera needed time, but… Blu pouted and then looked down at himself. “You don’t find me attractive.” She wrapped her legs around him locking him to her. He looked down. “Glad I gave you the more flippy skirt.”
She ran her fingers through his hair as he closed his eyes. “I’ve never done that with anyone else.” She gently touched his sparkly lips. “You are so beautiful. Intoxicating.”
“I know.”
Mera laughed. “You are definitely my favorite faerie.” She wanted to ask him more of what he suffered, but she really didn’t want to know. “You are so strong.” She kissed his chest as he moaned. He let go of her and grabbed the counter for support. Mera could have held onto him forever. Being with any of them was like wearing noise cancelling headphones. Nothing else existed but the one she was with. It was amazing. Intoxicating. Addicting.
There was a noise from the front door. “Ignore it.” Blu touched her face gently. “I adore you. You are mine, Mera.” He leaned in to kiss her.
“Blu …” Zash knocked against Blu’s wings.
Blu sighed so loudly, his wings shook. “Did you actually knock on my wing, reaper? After the sacrifice I made for you?” Blu sighed. “Can we continue this in a few minutes? This day has made me too twitchy.” He lifted Mera off the counter, and they joined Zash and Janx.
Chapter 13: Linked Souls

Another official man in all black stood in the living room. He bowed. “Queen Mera, official documents to sign.”
Zash took the papers and read them over. “Officially declares you an Eternal and an Eternal Immortal.”
“And this is good?” Mera asked.
The man smirked. Blu shooed him outside. “Wait until she’s ready for you.” He rolled his eyes. “One of the humidigenous.”
Mera looked at Zash for an explanation.
“Indigenous humans. Some of the less talented born of the children or grandchildren of reigns are relegated to official duties.” Zash explained while still reading the document. “Being declared an Eternal means you cannot be harmed without cause.”
“Like I did to that creepy asshole King?”
Janx laughed. “Is that what you called him?” 
“What else does it mean?”
Zash took a deep breath. “It means you are …” He walked over to the bookcase and searched through the books. “Here. This will detail everything concerning Eternals.”
Mera read through the passage in the book. Eternal (noun): relating to a human born in any of the human realms who has been chosen by a group of immortals heretofore referred to as lowborns. Mera sighed and looked at the three who watched her with a mixture of curiosity and fear.
“What’s wrong?” Zash asked, but he acted like he really didn’t want to know.
“That damn lowborn word. Pisses me off.”
Janx blew out a breath. “I will forever honor the day I met you.”
Mera kept reading: The chosen human must survive for at least thirty days without being tortured and/or killed and/or imprisoned. She rolled her eyes. “How did King Pole make it through without being killed by the hour?”
Zash pointed to a particular clause.
Natural Reigns: the reigns born in this land to eternals. Not chosen. Abnormally cruel. Not naturally immortal. 
“Oh, so Pole wasn’t chosen?”
Zash shook his head.
“Makes sense. Who would choose someone so tragic?”
Blu snickered while Zash pointed back to the book.
Mera continued to read. A reign will only be declared an Eternal by one of three ways. One: if his/her lowborns fall in love with them, declare their loyalty and bind their souls with their King/Queen. By this method, the reign will be known as an Eternal Immortal. Two: by killing and consuming the bodies and blood of their lowborns in one sitting. “Gross. Like in a stew?”
Blu flinched and leaned into Zash. “She must have gotten to the part about the consuming.”
Three: through the buying of lowborns to replace lowborns taken by murder, torture or attrition. Any lowborns bought need not acquiesce for their rights are negated. They become hereafter referred to as consilpri. She continued to read until she slammed the book shut. “You’ve bound your souls with mine?”
Zash stepped back. Blu immediately put his hand over his mouth. “Why? Is that bad?”
“What if something happens to me?”
“Nothing will happen to you,” Zash said.
Mera looked at the document. “And if I sign this, all of your souls are linked with mine?”
Blu nodded. “Bright side. You didn’t have to kill us or buy us or mash us up.”
Zash handed her the pen. “Believe us, we are safe with you.”
“We can’t be taken from you. No one can torture us again.” Blu took a deep breath. “That’s a relief. We’re forever bound to you.”
Mera thought about it. “Am I immortal?”
Zash nodded.
“But Janx, your soul wasn’t connected to that horrible man?”
He immediately looked down to the ground. “I had no rights since he bought me. Being property means they didn’t believe I had a soul.”
Mera crossed her arms over her chest. “It’s just weird. Creepy. It’s not right.”
Zash narrowed his eyes as he studied her. “Mera, what part of law were you planning to study?” 
“International human rights.”
Zash looked at Blu and they both nodded. “I know it goes against everything you believe, and that is why we can connect our souls with yours. We trust you.” Zash continued to hold the pen. “We all agree, don’t we?”
Zash, Blu and Janx all put their hands over their hearts and bowed their heads.  “You are our salvation,” Janx said. “If you do not agree, we can be taken from you at any time by any of the violent reigns. None of us would live through that again.”
“No,” Zash whispered. “We wouldn’t.” Blu only shook his head as tears welled up in his eyes. Mera winced as she thought of the torture scars littering their bodies. She took the pen and signed the document. 
Blu whistled. “Official one, Queen Mera won’t wait forever.”
The man hopped back in the door, and Mera handed him the signed document. He looked it over and then handed her another one. “What’s this one?”
Blu pointed to the door. The man complied and left quickly. Mera handed the document to Zash who read it through. Zash glanced at her. “Determines Eternal Verum status.”
Blu gasped. His wings vibrated. Mera watched as Blu threw what could only be described as a fit. “Do I want to know?”
Zash sheepishly handed it back to Mera while his hands shook. “It asks if you are …” he hesitated. “Such horrible timing. I’m sorry.” He looked down at the document.” It asks if you are in … love … or could be in love with the three of us.”
Mera stared at him for the longest time. “This is the weirdest world.” She grabbed Zash and drug him to the kitchen. She sat down quickly on the floor. Zash followed her. It gave them some privacy at least. She stared at him. She really looked into his eyes. “Let me guess. The signature won’t be binding unless there are no issues between us for lack of a better word.”
Zash grimaced. “Take as long as you need.”
She shook her fingers out and then her arms. It didn’t help. She closed her eyes. “Calm yourself, Mera. I’m used to pressure. I thrive on stress and deadlines. For me it’s been a couple of minutes since I found out it was you and not Arc. In this world, has it been what a thousand years?”
“Not quite that long.”
“Don’t know why it matters.” She blew out a breath and looked into his eyes. “Are you empathing me?”
“Not yet. Last time was too painful.” He folded his arms over his chest as if preparing for her to unleash.
“So, what you did was …” Mera waited as words flew by in her brain. I want to choose carefully and methodically. I need to be precise. “Not giving me a choice and then telling me that you wouldn’t have honored that choice. Screw it. It sucks. Big. Time. Suckage. It blows. So. Not. Cool. ” Blu giggled in the distance. Mera rolled her eyes. “I’m warning you, Blu.”
Blu popped his head over the counter. His hair almost touched her as glitter floated in the air. “Will you punish me if I continue?” Janx yanked Blu away.
“And you are sorry for taking me from everything? My home? My parents? My future? Without giving me a choice?”
Zash put his hand over his heart as tears formed in his eyes. “With everything I am.”
“Would you change it? Take it back?”
Zash hesitated. In the background, Blu gasped. Mera narrowed her eyes and waited. Zash took a deep breath. “I’ve lived for centuries without any type of affection. My heart and soul chose you. My heart is beating for the first time. My life began with you. I couldn’t go back to the lonely abyss. For the pain I have caused you, I will forever try to make amends.”  He sighed as he looked down at the ring with Mera’s symbol on his finger. “But I won’t lie to you. I couldn’t give you up. I’m sorry for what you’ve lost, but I wouldn’t change it. There is so much you can do in this world. You can make a difference to so many, and I love you. You’ve saved me. All of us. I wouldn’t change it. I’m sorry if that’s not what you want to hear.”
Mera leaned back as she considered his words. He gave her time to process then moved even closer to her. “If I’d given you a choice … with everything you know now… with everything you feel now…”
She held up her hand to stop him. “Did you just empath me before you asked that?”
He grinned with guilt. “Sorry, I couldn’t resist.”
Mera jumped on his lap and wrapped her legs around his waist. “Tell me, empath. What did you see when you read me just now?” She touched the symbols on his chest.
He moaned and blinked quickly to clear his mind. He looked deep in her eyes as his hands tightened around her waist. “That you won’t forget what I did but will forgive me because you maybe, possibly, hopefully are in lo—”
She kissed him quickly before he could finish his sentence. He pulled her closer to him as he deepened the kiss. Mera just as quickly pulled back before she got lost in him again. “You make me think dangerous thoughts, Zash.” She touched his lips and wanted so much more. “Do you believe I will ask Janx to do his fierce dragon whammy on you if you ever—”
He placed his finger over her lips to prevent her from finishing and nodded very seriously.
“I’d do it gladly, reaper,” Janx called out.
Mera sank against Zash’s chest and smiled when she heard his heart beating fast. “I would choose you. Willingly. All of you. Always. Every time. How could I not?”
Blu giggled, and Mera heard him leaping in the air. Zash let out a deep breath. “Thank you, Mera.”
Mera held him for a few minutes or hours. She lost track of time whenever she was with them. She traced over his symbols and the words on his chest. “Will you teach me your language?”
“Anytime.”
She traced the intricate design in his trench coat. “Does this mean anything?”
“Everything means something here.”
She realized the designs of his trench coat aligned perfectly with the marks on his skin. “What did you suffer?”
He held onto her tighter. “You heal me. Do not take on my pain, Mera.”
She closed her eyes and cleared her mind. Otherwise his scars would haunt her. “Everything settled?”
He laughed. “Everything’s settled.” She jumped up quickly and pulled Zash up, and they joined the others.
She looked at the paper. “So, I just sign if I am or could be in love with all three of you?” She shook her head. “Three guys. That I’ve just met.” She tapped the pen against the document nervously. “My mother would not be pleased. She would probably send for a priest or preacher or shrink.” Mera thought about it. “My grandmother would be proud.” She glanced at the three of them. “Long story.”
Blu giggled. Janx grabbed the pen. “Are you sure about this? About how you feel about me? Do you know the punishment for signing an Eternal Verum decree if your heart has not opened to all of us?” 
Her stomach clenched as she quickly looked between Zash and Blu. Zash nodded at Janx. “I am an empath. I know exactly how she feels about all of us, and I would never put her in danger.”
Blu drank from another shake. “I can tell you how she feels about you, but it will cost you three cookies.”
Mera took a deep breath as she studied the dragon. “It’s like I said outside, you are part of me. I feel like I’ve known you forever. With the witch, I always felt creepy like I’d just danced through a spider web or like that tiny hair that gets in your eyes but, dammit, you can’t find it no matter how hard you try.” She grimaced as she heard herself. “Tell me I just thought that. Or did the words vomit tumble out?”
Blu pressed his lips together and giggled. He put his hand to his heart. “I adore your thoughts and words. It makes me less frantic. If you can believe it.”
 “I can’t explain it. I don’t want to overanalyze it, but—”
Janx kissed Mera before she could react. Now I’ve never been kissed by a dragon before. But damn. Damn. Damn. I highly recommend it. I should have written about this on my college essay. The moment his lips touched hers… Her heart stopped or sped up or liquefied or… Thoughts. Incoherent. Words. Random. Hot. Safe. Power. Do. Not. Stop. She could feel her soul. Did that even make sense? His lips. Magical. The heat from his body… Scorching. Mera would never be cold again. He pulled back, and she collapsed into his chest and listened to his heart. She loved hearing their hearts race.“Where have you three been all my life?” What is happening to me? She jumped back and ran to the window to look out at the forest. “Why does everything make sense now? Why am I actually home in this cruel world? I’m not stressed. I’m not worried.” 
She put her hand over her heart. “It’s not jumping around with a caffeine lurch. My mind isn’t churning over deadlines for papers or worrying about tests or figuring which classes to take and what will look best on my law school application or trying to avoid my brother’s friends who give me that look.”
Janx stepped forward with his fists clenched. “What look?”
“I’m calm. I’m actually like a real person. Calm and …” She tried to think, but she was new to being calm so she had no idea how she was feeling. She glanced at the impossibly gorgeous immortals with bodies that needed to be studied extensively.
Blu looked down at himself. “Yes, Mera, you must explore my body. Every glittery exquisite part of it. Extensively as you said. And thoroughly. And often.”
She glanced around the red and black decorated castle. “This world is strange and brutal and weird, and I hate that humans control everything. Nothing good can come from that, but …”
“But?” Zash waited as if Mera was going to say something that would either crush him or compliment him.
Mera studied the faerie and reaper and dragon. “I’m exactly where I’m supposed to be. I have no idea what’s happening to me or why I was chosen. I can feel power surging through me. I’m home.” She ran back to Janx and ripped the pen from him. She signed the paper quickly before her nerves unleashed more havoc. As soon as the ink dried, Zash and Blu grabbed her hands. Janx put his hands on her shoulders. “What’s happening now?”
Zash took a deep breath. “We’re anchoring you. There’s going to be a jolt.”
“There better be a jolt.” Blu let Mera go for a second so he could devour another a cookie. “I hope.”
“A jolt?” Mera tensed her body and glanced back and forth as she waited. They waited a few minutes. As soon as she relaxed. I mean the actual second she unclenched, her body jolted like she’d been hit from a greedy gust of wind. If the immortals hadn’t been holding onto her, she would have flown across the room like an impatient champagne cork. “What was that?”
“I knew it. I knew it.” Blu let go of Mera and jumped up and down and spun about a thousand times. “I knew it. I knew it.”
Janx fell to his knees like he was praying. Mera looked to Zash who had become her go to explainer. He didn’t let go of her hand. He tried to speak but closed his eyes and whispered something in a language Mera would never understand if she studied it for decades. She was officially worried. “Did something happen that wasn’t supposed to? Did I do something wrong? Again?”
Chapter 14: Rebellion
“Our names are etched on your heart and your soul,” Zash whispered.
What the? “Etched like carved or waterproof ink or calligraphy or what?”
Zash kissed her hand. “That means you are a Verum. Your heart belongs to the three of us.”
“Forever and always,” Janx whispered, as he remained on his knees with his head bowed. “Thank you.” He glanced up at me. “I promise you will never regret taking a chance on me.”
Mera squeezed her lips together. I am beyond lost. Again. I’ve lost the map, the directions, the GPS, the go to sugary snacks, the backup healthy snacks, the first aid kit, the extra water, the spare tire, and the friend who was supposed to keep me awake.
Blu grabbed her and twirled. “We are going to have such fun.” He put her back down but continued to twirl on his own. “Official little man. Hey!”
The official man came back in and glanced at the bee corner. “Can I take one of the honey jars? I love it on toast.” Mera nodded and handed him the paper. He looked at the three immortals focusing on each one. Then he looked at Mera. “Lucky. Eternal Verum Immortals are rare. Powerful. There was this one reign who swore he loved his immortals and signed the document.” He shook his head and leaned in closer to whisper. “Turns out he had the hots for this other reign and her succubus instead. That was a mess I’m glad I didn’t have to clean up.”
She grabbed her stomach. “What happened to him?”
The official man leaned in even closer. “They didn’t tell you what would happen if you signed and had even the slightest doubt about your feelings for one of them?” He looked at the immortals as if he was chastising them. Then he looked Zash up and down. “Were you hoping to reap her soul or something?”
Zash stepped back and glared at the official man. “Absolutely not.” He looked at Mera quickly. “Never.” He put his hand over his heart. “I know your heart, your thoughts, your everything. Mera, I would never put you in danger.”
The official man looked at Mera like he didn’t quite believe Zash. The reaper narrowed his eyes at him and folded his arms over his chest. “It has been ages since I’ve reaped a humidigenous.”
The official man swallowed so hard the hollow sound vibrated around the castle. His hands shook as he gave Mera another paper. “One more document.”
Blu pointed again to the door, and the man fled. Mera handed the document to Zash. Before he read it, he found another book, opened it to a passage and handed it to Mera.
Eternal Verum: relating to the rarest and most powerful of Eternals who have already been declared both an Eternal and an Eternal Immortal (Please see Eternal Immortal definition). A Verum is declared when the chosen reign falls in love completely and irrevocably with his/her lowborns. She glanced up at the three who held their breath until they knew how she would react. Blu looked like he could unleash a squeal on cue. She continued reading: The names of the lowborns will be etched on the reign’s heart and soul and will only be extinguished upon the death of the lowborn. Each reign has a limited number of lowborns to which he/she can allow into their hearts. These reigns will be declared Eternal Verum Immortals. She slammed the book shut. “That document didn’t ask if I could possibly, maybe, in the near or distant future love all of you, did it?”
Blu gasped. “Oops.”
“It asked if I was actually without a doubt already in love with all of you.” Zash took a deep breath and winced. “And why are the Eternal Verum Immortals so powerful?”
Janx looked down at the ground while Blu investigated his wings. Zash studied the symbols on his arms. “Hello?” Zash looked at Mera but didn’t say anything. “Is that an answer?”
“I think we should save that for another time.” He grinned at her sheepishly. “It’s nothing horrible, trust me.”
“Definitely not horrible,” Blu admitted, with a devious grin.
“Uh huh.” Mera stared at the three for the longest time. “Could I force you to tell me?”
Zash blushed. “Oh, I’m sure you could think of many ways. Maybe the things you wanted me to do to you when we first met.”
“That’s so not fair, reaper.” Her pulse skyrocketed. “I couldn’t control my thoughts around you. Beautiful shirtless immortals with muscles and tattoos showing up in my bedroom on my birthday.” They smirked at her. “Come on. My thoughts veered to the naughty. Who wouldn’t go there?”
Blu jumped up and down and raised his hand. “You can force me to tell you. I’d do it for three kisses and thirty pies. No. Three pies and thirty kisses. No. Six pies and some inappropriate touching. Yes, that would do it.”
Mera rolled her eyes and rubbed her temples. “What’s the next document? Do I have to detail everything I ate as a child? Everything I’ve ever thrown away? My first crush? Does it ask if we’ve had sex yet?”
Zash blushed.
“Really?”
“No. Sorry, I couldn’t resist.” Zash stopped grinning and became serious again. “It doesn’t ask that.” He handed the document back to Mera. “This would declare Arc a quiguleres.” She waited for him to explain. Zash slammed his lips together and then blew out a breath. “A declaration of death. If he is seen, he can be taken, tortured and killed by anyone.”
She shook her head. “I won’t sign that.”
“Mera …” Janx’s eyes pleaded with her. “He is dangerous. You have every right.”
“No. No one should have the right to do that.” Janx growled loud enough to shake the walls. Mera grabbed her heart. “That’s fierce.” 
The dragon studied her. His intensity could probably drain energy from a nuclear power plant. “I will protect you at all costs.”
“What does that mean?”
He stepped closer to her, and her heart surged. “That means if I ever see him again, I will rip him apart, keep his heart as a trophy and give his soul to Zash.”
Mera leaned as far back as she could get. “Okay then. I’ll have to remember to keep on your good side.”
Janx winked at her. “You have nothing to worry about.”
Blu whistled again. “Official guy!”
The guy came back inside, and Mera handed him the unsigned document. He looked at it then smiled. “You have a very kind heart.”
“That she does,” Janx muttered under his breath and walked away to look out the window.
The man looked at Blu.“You’re a faerie.” He licked his lips. “Delicious.” Blu painfully smiled and pointed to the door. The man sighed and turned around but then whipped back around and took one more lingering look at Blu. “They are all deliciously gorgeous. How did you get so lucky? I wish I was born in your realm. I have this recurring fantasy about waking up to gorgeous faeries who demand that I satisfy their every requirement.” He leaned closer. “And I mean every requirement. If I don’t they punish me for hours. It is exquisite.”
Blu closed his eyes and shuttered. He pointed to the door more emphatically. The man bowed and finally left. Blu kept his eyes closed. “Is he gone?”
“No,” Mera said. “He’s still thinking of ways for you to punish him.”
Blu slowly opened his eyes and then shivered. “He wanted me as a souvenir.”
When everyone thought he was gone, the official man returned. “Sorry, forgot to give you this.” He handed Mera another document which she handed to Zash.
The official man waited. Blu cleared his throat. “I do not believe my Queen would want you to look at me like that.” He touched my shoulder.
“Right.” Mera looked at the official guy. “Please do not lust after my faerie.”
The official man stomped his foot. “Why does he have to be so beautiful then?”
“He asks himself that same question.” Zash chuckled. 
The official man smiled and stepped forward. Blu stepped back and raised his wing. “Far enough. No one else has the right to be that close to us.” Blu lowered his voice. “My Queen is very jealous and can go into a rage at any time. You cannot imagine the messes we’ve cleaned up of body parts from her … tantrums.”
Mera winked at the official guy and blew him a kiss. She’d been taught as a child that pretending to be mad was an easy defense. He backed up and lowered his head. Mera waited for Zash to finish reading. Janx glanced at the document and lost a bit of coloring before glancing back at Mera quickly.
“What is it?”
“It’s madness,” the official guy said. “Total madness.”
Blu peered over Zash’s shoulder at the document. His wings paled, and he grabbed his stomach. “I need more chocolate.”
“Will someone tell me what is going on?”
The official guy backed up more. “Please, I don’t want violence.”
Zash peered at Mera. He opened his mouth to speak but nothing came out. He then looked at Janx. The dragon took a deep breath. “A rebellion.”
The official guy stepped forward. “They’re trying to overthrow the reigns. They’ve already raised six castles. Killed anyone bonded with the humans and released those who didn’t voluntarily take the oath.”
Mera looked between Blu, Zash and Janx. “Are you serious? Are you in danger because of me?”
Zash handed the document to Janx and grabbed her hands. “We won’t let anyone hurt you.”
“But what about you?” She looked at the official guy. “Is it too late to take the document back which linked them to me?”
“Yes,” Zash said quickly. “It’s official, and none of us would ever change that.”
“We are linked with you forever,” Janx said. “We wouldn’t change that for anything.”
“They’re right,” official guy said. “It was recorded the moment you signed.”
 Blu grabbed her. “I would never want you to take that back. We belong to you, and you belong to us.”
“What are they doing to the reigns?” Janx asked.
The official guy looked down at the ground. “Some were executed on the spot if none of their immortals spoke of their cruelty. The others …” He made a face that indicated he couldn’t bring himself to speak about it. “There is a list,” he said quickly. “At least those are the rumors.”
Zash frowned. “List?”
“Of humans who are nice.”
Mera rolled her eyes. “Probably a short list. Could fit on a piece of gum.”
The official guy nodded. “Our kind doesn’t have the best reputation. Are they nicer where you’re from?”
“Some are.” Mera sighed. “Others are just as vile as they are here.”
Someone knocked on the door. The official guy jumped and ran behind Blu. “Can I stay here? Can I be one of you? Would you protect me? I’ll take the oath to the faerie. I’ll be your slave. I’ll do everything.”
Zash went to the door and peeked out. “It’s okay. It’s West.”
Cyl’s vampire, West, sauntered in. He smiled at Mera and bowed. “Congratulations, Queen Mera on becoming an Eternal Verum Immortal. So rare. Powerful. Cyl, of course, is also one.” He noticed the official guy. “Hey, Stu.”
Stu blushed and smoothed out his clothes. “West.” He fiddled with his hair. “How did you know I’d be here?”
West frowned. “I didn’t.” He shrugged. “Anyway, Queen Cyl wishes to make her apologies. Given the recent circumstances about the spate of violence, we do not believe it wise to—”
The same sounds from when Mera was declared an Eternal boomed around them as the castle shook. West ran to the window. “Oh, no.”
“Another banner?” Mera asked.
West looked ashen as he motioned to Zash. The reaper looked out the window and looked back at Mera. West bowed. “I must go.” He ran to the door and then turned around. “Be safe.” He left.
Stu, the official guy, ran after him. “Wait! West, can you protect me? I’ll say the oath to you.”
Mera looked to Zash. “What’s happening now?” She went to the window. There were fireworks and various banners with symbols she couldn’t read. “What do they say?”
Blu also glanced out the window, but he quickly turned away. “I’ll gather the supplies.” This time his voice was more serious without his usual flirty flippancy.
Zash grabbed her hands. “We will protect you.”
Mera backed up. “What do they say?”
Zash swallowed hard and bowed his head. Janx looked out the window and growled. “One threatens all the reigns. Another calls for death to all humans. Another wants to kill all traitors.”
“Traitors?”
Janx motioned to himself, Blu and Zash. “Anyone who bound themselves voluntarily with a reign.”
Zash looked at Mera with sadness and fear. “This means they’ve taken the town. More reigns have fallen. Otherwise they wouldn’t be so public.”
Blu returned with bags which he handed off to Zash and Janx. “It won’t take them long to get here. We have to leave. Now.”
Chapter 15: Escape
Loud cracks exploded around them, and they got closer and closer.
Zash looked at Blu. “I’m working on it,” Blu said. “Okay.” He grabbed Mera and she could barely keep up with him as he ran to the wall, put his hand against it and it opened. Blu got Mera inside the hallway and then handed her off to Zash who dragged her further along. Janx followed. Blu stayed behind to close the door.
Mera glanced back. Blu put his hand against the wall again to close and seal the opening as if it never existed. He then rushed in front of them and did the same thing to another wall. He repeated this about five times until he stopped. “Okay,” Blu said. “We should be safe for the time being.”
The castle rumbled again, and footsteps were above them. Sounded like boots. A lot of boots. And crashes. Like glass shattering. Mera backed up. Janx stood by the door they just came from. Zash grabbed Mera. “It’s okay. They won’t find us.”
“What about the farm?”
“Blu hid it. They won’t see it.”
More crashes and boots above them. “Who lives here?” A voice boomed.
There was silence and what sounded like paper shifting. “Mera,” another one answered.
“And her immortals?” The same voice asked.
More silence and more papers shifting. “She’s a recent Eternal. Actually, she’s an Eternal Verum Immortal.”
“Interesting. She on one of the lists?”
Silence. They waited. Mera could only hear her own heartbeat.
“The top of the list actually.” 
Zash tightened his grip on her. Blu glanced at Mera with an expression of fear. “Why won’t they leave?”
Janx put his finger over his lips to quiet Blu. They waited forever. There was no sound. No one knew if they’d gone or not. Zash shook his head and pointed above them. What are they waiting for? Zash answered Mera by holding her tighter.
Blu frowned as he looked at the ceiling above them. He quietly snapped his fingers. “I’ve hidden our sounds from them. We can talk now.” No one said anything. Not even Blu. Everyone waited, but there was still no sound above them. All of a sudden the castle moaned like it was in pain. It sounded like they were boring through the walls.
“We know you’re here, Mera. Stupid human. Come out now, and we won’t kill your immortals in front of you.” 
Her body tensed, but Zash hugged her tighter. “Don’t take on my fear,” she whispered to him.
He nodded, but she knew he’d taken most of it because she was not as terrified as she should be.
“Call to her,” a voice said.
“Queen Mera?”
Mera flinched. “Who is that?”
Blu winced. “That weird little official man.”
“Stu?” There was a loud thud, and Stu whimpered.
“Call to her again.”
“Queen Mera, please.” 
Another thump and Stu cried out. “Please don’t let them kill me.”
Mera closed my eyes. “Mera, help me,” Stu pleaded. Blu rushed to Mera. He placed his hands over her ears but not before she heard Stu screaming. She slammed her eyes shut. She couldn’t hear what was going on, but the vibrations jolted her. She’d never been through an earthquake, but that was what it felt like. When the sounds ended, Mera saw Blu’s eyes full of sadness and pain. He lowered his hands from her ears and stepped back and leaned against the wall.
She looked at Zash who shook his head. “He’s gone. They killed him.”
“How many others will I kill before you show yourself?” The same voice asked. “And you’re with a dragon. Didn’t think they were cowards!”
Janx tensed and growled. Mera put her hand on his back, and he relaxed a bit. Just then they heard screams. Outside, people were begging and pleading and crying. More explosions rocked the house. She looked to Blu, but he still had his head down. Mera glanced at Zash. “The veils are being lifted from the castles.”
“I have no idea what that means.”
Zash let out a long breath. “This castle looked like it was surrounded by forest, but we are actually surrounded by the castles of the other reigns. Queen Cyl is right next door. King Pole was on the other side of us. Each of us was surrounded by the veil the reign wanted.”
“And those screams are from the ones in the other castles?”
Blu nodded.
“Do you think Queen Cyl and her group got out?”
Blu nodded again. “They’ve survived a long time, and Kaoz is one of the most powerful witches.”
The castle rocked again. And then they smelled the smoke. Blu jumped up. “They did not just …” He sighed. “My kitchen! Rude.”
Janx finally turned around and faced everyone. “We can’t stay here.”
“Working on it.” Blu jumped up and down. “Come on.”
“Do you need sugar?” Mera asked.
Blu smiled. “Of course.” In an instant, he was sipping a chocolate malt complete with whipped cream. He downed about half in a millisecond and closed his eyes. “Better. Thank you, Mera.” He handed the glass to Janx. He closed his eyes and put his hands over either side of his head. Some of the ground gave way, and Zash had to pull Mera out of the way of the instant hole. Blu opened his eyes and reached for the glass from Janx which had miraculously refilled itself. He motioned for everyone to go into the tunnel. Zash leaned in and peered to what looked like darkness. He looked back at Blu.
Blu continued sipping the shake. “It’s just a slight dropdown then it levels off. I’ve placed a few lights along the way, but that’s the best I can do right now.”
Zash dropped down. He motioned to Janx who grabbed Mera and lowered her down into the hole. Zash took her hand and lead her in. He had to duck to fit. The tunnel was about six feet tall and about four feet wide. Made entirely of dirt. The worms didn’t seem too happy about the interruption, and Mera didn’t dare touch the sides for fear it would cave in. Mera glanced behind her, and Janx also had to squeeze to fit as did Blu who stayed behind to close everything up. Zash continued to move forward until he reached the end. “Where’s this going to come up?”
Zash shrugged. “Only Blu will know.”
They waited until Blu caught up to them. Blu closed his eyes again and the ground above them opened up. Zash waited. When he didn’t hear anything, he jumped up. He was gone for a few seconds. Then he appeared above them. Janx lifted Mera up to Zash, and she was finally out of the dirt tunnel.
They were in the middle of a forest. Birds squawked at everyone. A few bears studied them like they were the strangest things they’d ever seen. Zash whispered something to them, and the bears ignored them and moved along. Janx appeared followed by Blu who closed the ground up again.
Zash looked around. “Okay, Blu. I give up. Where are we?”
Blu gave each of them a necklace. “Wear this and do not take them off. Do. Not. Take. Them. Off.” He waited until they put them on. “Okay, to answer your question …” Blu moved behind Mera and used her as a shield. “Remember Mera is standing in front of me.”
Zash sighed with frustration. “Blu.”
“We’re in town.”
Zash quickly looked around. Blu snapped his fingers, and they were in the middle of the town. It looked very different from when they walked down the streets to save Arc from the auction. Everything had been upended. Shops destroyed. Goods splattered. Blood flowed down the streets. Mera was glad there were no bodies, but there had to be from all the blood.
“I hid those from you,” Blu said. “Believe me, they are here.”
“Blu!” Zash yelled. “Get us out of here!”
“We cannot be seen or heard as long as we’re wearing the necklace.”
Several angry people marched down the middle of the street. They peered into each shop they passed. Several smirked with glee as they splashed through the blood in the streets.  When they got closer, Mera realized they were not human. Some were vampires. Several faeries glided along with their wings dripping with blood. There were others, but Mera didn’t know what they were. Blu glared at the faeries. “Disgusting. Should have their wings clipped for this.”
They waited until they passed. “The forest is what the town looked like before it became a town,” Blu said.
Zash looked at Blu with confusion. “How?”
Blu shrugged. “It’s only a matter of accessing the various energies and—”
Zash held up his hand. He didn’t need the specifics. “Will this keep us safe?”
He motioned to their necklaces. Screaming behind them made them all jump. Janx moved them toward a building and crept ahead to get a look. They followed him. Mera peered around him and recognized Queen Marseil who was leading the auction from before.
One of the vampires grabbed her and bit her. Then he threw her down on the ground. Another smashed her crown to bits. One of the faeries held her down while another used the edge of his wing to slit her throat. Blu gasped. “Not what our wings are for.”
Mera stepped back but almost ran into another group marching down the street. Zash pulled her back. They melted into the wall even though they couldn’t see or hear them. None of them wanted to take a chance.
The group marched with several humans in chains being dragged behind them. Mixed with humans were several faeries without wings and covered in blue and green liquid oozing from their backs. Blu put his hand over his mouth. “Their wings have been ripped off.”
Zash leaned closer to Blu. “Can we go back to this being invisible?”
Blu nodded, and they were back in the forest. Mera ran behind a tree and threw up. Blu was beside her in an instant. He held her hair away from her face. When she was done, he lifted her up and held her until she stopped crying. Blu snapped his fingers, and a blanket and pillows appeared. “We’re safe here. Just rest for awhile.”
Mera lied down, and Blu’s wing brushed the hair from her face.  “Sleep, my love.” His voice sounded like a lullaby. All Mera heard was the sound of Blu’s lyrical voice. She couldn’t keep her eyes open.
Chapter 16: No more necklace
Mera woke with a start and didn’t know how long she’d been asleep.
“About an hour,” Zash said, as he squeezed her hand. “I’ve been right here the whole time. As soon as you went to sleep, I took Blu’s place so he could secure everything. Blu and Janx are making sure nothing gets in.” Janx guarded the perimeter while Blu dashed about so fast he was a blur.
“Zash, what is happening?”
His eyes showed pain and guilt. “I swear I will not let them hurt you.” He grabbed her into a hug. “I don’t care if they take every single human. They can’t have you.”
An explosion rocked the area. Zash tightened his grip on her. “Mera, no matter what—”
Mera felt something tugging at her necklace. She looked down, and the necklace Blu gave her was gone. She was back in the middle of town. There was no Blu, no Zash, no Janx, no forest.
West stood in front of her. “West? Queen Cyl’s vampire. What are you doing?”
He held her necklace in his hand and then crushed it. “I’m sorry. It was the only way to protect Cyl. Your immortals will do anything to protect you. I’ll do everything to protect Cyl.”
Her stomach tightened. She didn’t like the sounds of that. “What did you do?” Screams and shouts surrounded them. West dragged Mera into one of the shops. Unfortunately, bodies littered everywhere.
West pulled her faster. “Don’t look. Just follow me.”
She stepped over broken glass and tried not to slip on the blood. She heard something, and she looked at the wall. Eyes peered at her from behind the cracks in the brick wall. “What’s that?”
“Some are hiding within the walls.”
“Some?” West and Mera hid behind an overturned counter. Mera peered behind her, but even the eyes in the walls had disappeared. Blu? Zash? Can you hear me? Silence. Mera didn’t know if that was good or bad. Are they safe? They had to be safe. Mera had never been in their world without them. She suddenly felt so vulnerable and alone.
They waited behind the counter as creatures crawled through the shops. The growls and snorts and shrieks filled the air. Whenever one of them came across blood, they howled. She was not sure what that was about. They waited until it was quiet again.
“I’m sorry. Please trust me that I’m sorry.” West grabbed her hand and dragged her through the shop and out the back door. She was hoping he was taking her back to her immortals. Mera knew he wasn’t, but at least she gave her stomach just a few seconds of calm before the churning began again. When they get to the alley, West glanced around. “All clear.”
They were suddenly surrounded on all sides. “What’s this?” A vampire with blood still dripping down his mouth approached. He looked West up and down. “You’re one of the traitors.” West dangled a pouch in front of him and waited. Apparently the pouch carried weight because the vampire stepped back.
“I’ve been granted safe passage in return for Mera.” She stared at West but didn’t quite understand what he was saying. “She’s the one they’re looking for. She could be the one.” West blinked very fast. Mera didn’t know if he was nervous or feeling guilty.
“An Eternal Verum Immortal. The possible True Queen?” The vampire studied Mera with such creepy intensity. “You’re in love with traitors? You like vampires?”
She stepped back. “Not particularly.”
He glared at Mera, took the pouch from West and shoved him backwards. “You should get back to safety, traitor. Before I change my mind.” 
West nodded and looked at me. “I’m sorry. It was the only way.” He disappeared.
The vampire grabbed her arms and smelled her. “Delicious. I wonder if they’d mind if I had a bit of a taste?”
“You know they would,” a female vampire said.
The vampire holding her scratched the side of her neck and licked at the blood. He threw his head back. “Exquisite.”
“Hey,” another one said. “I won’t get blamed for that.”
The vampire shrugged. “This is how we found her.”
A faerie with red eyes sauntered close to Mera. “Faerie? I can smell him on you. A delicious traitorous faerie.” She slapped Mera with such force she fell to the ground and hit her head. “Like you said … we found her like this.” The faerie spit at her. “Filthy reigns. Do you know what your kind did to me?”
“This one is an Eternal Verum Immortal,” one of them said, smugly. “She may be the True Queen.” Laughter. Mera didn’t know how many surrounded her. This was not good.
The angry faerie yanked her back up until she was inches from her. “You’re in love with one of the faeries?” She spit at Mera and then hit her again. There won’t be much left if this continues. I hope Zash can’t sense how scared I am.
The red eyed faerie giggled, but her giggle wasn’t charming like Blu’s. It was creepy and sinister. It only made her miss Blu more. “What should we do with her?” There were murmurs and angry looks. Some whispered. Others shouted. Mera couldn’t understand them, and for that she was grateful. One of them kicked her. And one of the vampires grabbed her wrist and drank from it. That vampire was thrown off, and she could barely see anymore. How could they take so much blood so fast? A hood was dragged over her head. Her arms were shackled behind her. She was yanked up and pushed along the road.
They walked for hours or days. Mera was not sure. She heard screams and pleadings as they walked. She could smell smoke and burning flesh. She heard wails from some creature and cries from others. This was madness. The entire world had gone mad.
Mera was so exhausted, she could barely stand. She didn’t know how her feet managed to shuffle along. She didn’t know how many of them there were. If Mera just stopped would they kill her? Forget about her? Then, they stopped. At least, Mera stopped when they shoved her to the ground. 
She wondered what her immortals were doing. Do they know I’m gone yet? What am I asking? Of course they know I’m gone. Blu will panic. Zash will be overwhelmed especially if he can feel my fear. Janx will seek vengeance on anyone responsible. 
Chapter 17: Mera Decides Her Fate
She was yanked up again, and, this time, they walked up stairs. Mera was shuffled, shoved and jostled this way and that. She knew she was bleeding. She knew she was bruised. No one said anything she could understand. She was pushed down, and a very squeaky door opened. Her hood was yanked off her. It took a bit to focus, but she could tell there were two standing in front of her.
“Mera.”
His voice startled her. I know him.
“Yes, you do know me. We even shared a kiss. It wasn’t my best work. I apologize for that.”
Mera closed her eyes and bowed her head. “Arc. So, this is what you were hiding.”
Someone behind Mera kicked her in the back which made her cough up blood.
“Enough,” Arc said.
Someone lifted her back to her feet and moved very close to her ear. “Congratulations on becoming an Eternal Verum Immortal,” he whispered.
Mera closed her eyes again. “Risq. We met in Chicago.”
He brought his hand close to her face and wiped his finger over the blood from her mouth. He brought it up to his own mouth. “I wish I was still part of the group. You are delicious.”
Arc looked behind her. “Leave us.”
Mera closed her eyes because she could barely stand. That last blow must have done more damage.
“Mera,” Arc whispered. “Open your eyes.” He was very blurry. He put his hand over her forehead and chanted something. Instantly Mera felt better. The pain was gone. She could see. Then she wished she couldn’t see. She was standing in blood. It was a small concrete room with blood splashed everywhere.
Risq followed her gaze and smirked. “This is where many of the reigns end.”
She raised her arm and showed Arc the marks of Blu, Zash and Janx. “Can you unlink them? Before you kill me.” Arc narrowed his eyes and took a deep breath. He didn’t say anything, but he studied her with a smile. “Please, Arc. I know you have the power. I don’t want anything to happen to them.”
Risq leaned closer to her. “Would you have become Verum if I was part of the group?”
She shivered and shook her head.
Risq smiled and glanced at Arc. “At least you’re honest.”
“I wasn’t,” Arc said. “So I can’t blame her.” He stepped back. “So that’s your last request? To save your lowborns?”
“Please don’t call them that.”
Arc grinned. “Not to spare yourself? Not to swear to do anything?”
Mera shook her head. “I wouldn’t insult you.”
Arc took a deep breath. “I swore I’d never harm you.” He ran his fingers through Mera’s hair. “You took our necklaces off.”
“It was disgusting and degrading.”
Risq tightened his jaw. “You know you could make this easier on us by being like the others.”
Mera laughed. She couldn’t help it, but she laughed. “I never did what you expected me to, did I?” I know my time is running out. “Do whatever to me, but please unlink them from me. Give them their freedom.”
Arc leaned his head back as if he was deciding something.
“Oh, I’ve already decided, Mera.” He smiled. “You are such an anomaly.” He cleared his throat. “I owe you.”
Mera braced herself.
“Why didn’t you sign the document?” Arc asked.
She relaxed a bit. “To declare you a quiguleres?”
Arc stepped back surprised. “How do you know that word?”
“Since I was going to be a lawyer, I thought I’d learn the laws here.”
“Why?” Risq asked unable to hide the disgust in his voice.
Mera jumped when she heard pleading which sounded like it was coming from above. “I was going to study human rights law back in my world. Thought I’d study immortal rights law here.”
Arc pressed his lips together. “What does that mean? Human rights law and immortal rights law?”
“Human rights law fights discrimination and promotes freedom and equality for all.” Mera heard herself and had to admit she would have made a kick ass lawyer. “Theoretically at least that’s what it’s supposed to do.”
Arc studied her. “You mean ensure equality and prevent those in power from harming those without.”
“You explain it better than me.”
Risq stepped back. “So you’d want to study the laws here to ensure the immortals …” He placed his hand over his heart. “Like us have rights?”
“I was hoping to learn the laws of the land in order to use it against the humans who created them.”
“You can choose to stay here with me,” Arc bluntly said.
“Would that keep Blu, Zash and Janx safe?” She asked without thinking about what it would mean to stay with Arc. Or what he would require. To be his slave? Probably, but she couldn’t think about that.
Arc waited awhile then nodded. “I would ensure they remain free. Although, they will try to rescue you.”
“They will.”
Arc narrowed his eyes. “You won’t even ask in what conditions you’ll be kept? What I would require?” He cocked one eyebrow up mocking her own thoughts.
She shook her head. “What’s the other option?”
Screams surrounded them. She looked around. Risq grinned. “There are several cells in this prison.”
“You can go back home.”
“Home?” That would be impossible. “I assume the castle is destroyed.”
Arc moved closer to her. “Your home. Chicago.”
She stepped back. “I couldn’t. It’s been what thirty or so years. Everything I know is changed. I couldn’t just waltz back to my home. I’d be a freak, and my family wouldn’t know what I was.”
Arc shook his head slowly. “I will take you back to the morning of your birthday. Before you woke up. Before we arrived.”
Mera’s heart beat faster. She was afraid she was going to be sick. Again. “Back to my parents? Back to my life?” Reality hit. “You’ll wipe my memory, won’t you?”
Arc nodded.. “You’ll never remember any of this.”
Explosions rocked the room. Risq sighed as he listened to the screams. “The reigns are fighting back.”
“We don’t have much time,” Arc reminded.
Mera closed her eyes. “What would happen to all of you? Will it be the same time here? Before you got me or would it be the present?”
Arc grinned. “Would that matter? Would we matter to you?” Mera couldn’t believe she still had to convince him.  Arc leaned closer. “Do you know why you thought I was hiding something?”
“Because you’re trying to overthrow the humans?”
He shook his head. “Because I couldn’t allow you to know how I truly felt. I saw the opportunity when I heard your thoughts with Janx. I knew if I scared you …which I’m sorry for … the dragon would react.” Her mind raced as she thought back to her interactions with Arc. “I knew they’d lock me up, and I’d be able to escape.”
She didn’t understand. “Why not just leave?”
Risq grunted or made some kind of noise. “Rules. We can’t just leave a reign on our own. We need the ties severed by them.”
Arc studied Mera as she thought about everything. “That kiss was the most difficult. I had to pretend I was kissing King Pole.”
“I do not miss him.”
“Thank you for giving that order,” Risq said laughing. “That was the spark we needed to start the rebellion.”
That punctured Mera to her core. “I did this? All this violence? These deaths?”
Arc pushed her against the wall. “Forget about the vampire. He’s not part of this. Forget about that King. The rebellion had been brewing for hundreds of years. Look into my eyes and tell me what you see.”
She studied him. There was more depth. “Power. No hesitations.” Arc kissed her. This time she felt it. His passion. His intensity. She forget how afraid she was of him. She forget everything as she let herself feel what she probably was always meant to feel for him.
He stopped kissing her. “I believe that.” Arc looked in her eyes. “You were always meant to fall in love with four immortals.”
Mera glanced around to check her vision. Maybe I am hallucinating. Did I hit my head so hard I’m suffering a concussion? Maybe a subdural hema something?
Arc laughed as he ran his fingers through her hair. “I’ve missed the way you try to figure everything out. I wonder if you have room in your heart for a witch who used to be human.” He stepped back. “If I wasn’t committed to this cause, nothing would have kept me from you.”
Risq cleared his throat. “Do I have to listen to this?”
“You owe me,” Arc warned.
Risq took a loud breath. “Agreed.”
Arc looked at Mera and allowed his smile to broaden. “This time you decide your fate. You won’t have that taken from you again.”
“There has to be more to it than a simple decision,” Mera said. “There’s always a catch.”
Arc nodded. “There always is, but you won’t find out the details until you decide.”
“But how do I decide without the details?”
“Such a dilemma for the poor human.” Risq placed his hand over his heart. He looked glum like he actually cared anything about her. His eyes danced as his forced smile faded. “It’s not personal. I don’t like humans. I’m just glad I wasn’t part of the group to see the others fall for you. That would have been excruciating. Listening to Arc moan about how much he loves you and misses you is equally appalling.”
Arc grabbed Mera’s hands. “I need you to know, Mera, that I was never conflicted in my feelings for you. I only kept my distance because of the cause that I was pledged to long before we met. The reigns must fall, but I will protect you.” He placed his hand over his heart. “I wish you could know me. The real me, and I would—”
Risq sighed loudly. “You have an hour to decide. I’m sorry, but there’s only so much I can listen to.”
“An hour?” Her mind raced. Do I weigh pros and cons? Is there even a con about leaving? Or staying? My family and everything I’ve ever known versus the immortals I love. And what would happen to them?  Before Mera knew it, she was pacing. Do I make a list? Debate it? Pretend it’s an essay? An assignment? Follow my heart? An hour to decide my fate. To decide my future. I promised Zash I would always choose them. But a chance to see my family again? Who wouldn’t take that?
Risq laughed. “I’ve forgotten how pathetic you humans are. I’m just kidding about the time limit. Decide. Now.”
Mera looked to Arc. Arc’s eyes expressed the sadness Mera truly believed he felt. “I’m sorry, Mera. He’s right. What is your decision?”
She closed her eyes and tried to picture her life. Either of them. Going back to Chicago. Her family. College. Law school. Her brother and sister. Her parents. 
Was their life really better off without me? Blu. Zash. Janx. How could I leave them? Would they remember me if I left? Would they ever forgive me? Would I be a horrible person if I chose to stay? Leave? My family? Would they be okay without me? Would I be okay? What if they didn’t wipe my memory, and I chased the memories forever? I’d be a shell. I’d never find that type of love again. What am I saying? In my world? Three guys and one girl?
Arc cleared his throat and held up his fingers to indicate four guys. Pervy. It wasn’t even shocking anymore. Risq laughed. Arc jabbed him. “Don’t make fun of her.”
Mera opened her eyes. I was hoping I’d blurt out the answer before I could think, but my voice won’t work. Nothing comes out. Come on, Mera. Think. “What’s my decision?”
More explosions rocked the building. Screams made her flinch. They were getting closer. “Were my parents really happy? Was it better if I hadn’t been born there?”
Arc nodded. “Sorry, but yes.”
Yeah, that should hurt, but she knew she was a lot to handle. High maintenance. “If I stayed, would I be able to fix this? Change what is happening here?”
Arc smiled and nodded. “I believe so. Yes. I think you’re the key to everything.”
Risq’s eyes widened. “How? How could this insignificant human speck mean anything to the world we’re about to create?” The vampire glared at Mera. “Tell her the truth. She’ll be your toy until all the humans are dead.”
She ignored Risq. Like Arc said, he was not part of this. She had to trust Arc. She didn’t know why, but she did trust him. Maybe. Sort of. “Yes,” Mera blurted. “I belong here.” She took a deep breath. That was either the best or worst decision ever.
Arc closed his eyes and chanted something. Risq instantly turned to ash. 
“What the …?”
Arc stepped closer. “Are you sure?”
She glanced at the handful of vampire ash. “You just … I mean he was just … I thought you two were working together. Friends. Plotters or rebels or something. He’s a vampire. How did you do that?”
Arc’s neutral expression didn’t provide answers. 
Mera had no idea what was going to happen, but she made her decision. She didn’t know if she was still a Queen, but she couldn’t just walk away from this world. If she could help, she would.

Her Reign of Choice
A reaper. A faerie. A dragon shifter. A witch. A Queen. A war. A choice.
As the insurgency grows more violent, the reaper, faerie and dragon shifter desperately search for their Queen. The reigns brutally fight back, and Mera must rely upon the one who originally betrayed her to keep her safe. Mera thought the choice between her immortals and going home to Chicago was agonizing. When her true identity is revealed, her next choice will decide everyone’s fate. Available Now!
More by Larisa Long
Young Adult Paranormal Fantasy Reverse Harem
Her Immortal Reign
Her New Reign
Her Reign of Choice
Her Immortal Reign
Her Immortal Three

Young Adult Paranormal Fantasy Romance
Turvy Topsy 

Reverse Harem Dystopian Dark Fantasy Romance
Praesim Series
Chosen Rye

Young Adult Regency Romance
The Bering Sisters: A Regency Romance

Adult Reverse Harem Paranormal Urban Fantasy
Angels of Shadows Series
Snow Rises
Rivers Fall
Angels of Shadows
Forged in Heaven & Created in Hell
