Hide Your Fires
Amanda Uechi Ronan

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2014 Amanda Uechi Ronan

Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.

Stars, hide your fires;
Let not light see my black and deep desires.
The eye wink at the hand, yet let that be
Which the eye fears, when it is done, to see.
- Macbeth

Table of Contents

ONE
TWO
THREE
FOUR
FIVE
SIX
SEVEN
EIGHT
NINE
TEN
ELEVEN
TWELVE
THIRTEEN
FOURTEEN
FIFTEEN
SIXTEEN
SEVENTEEN
EIGHTEEN
EPILOGUE

PART I

CHAPTER ONE
I flicked the switch again.  Once more an empty click sounded through the cavernous lecture hall.  I stared at the dilapidated, brown metal box in front of me trying in vain to will it to life.  Would it be out of the question for this projector to work?  Just once for me, so that I didn’t have to stand in front of these people any longer than possible.  I craned my neck searching the classroom for Professor Brown, hoping for a savior.
The room felt hot and loud.  My peers sat there staring at me, watching me, judging me, all because I couldn’t get this ancient projector to work.  Shit!  Why didn’t I just make a PowerPoint presentation like everyone else?
“It’s not plugged in,” came a voice from behind me.
He crouched down on the floor, grabbing the power cord.  Considering its frayed and potentially life threatening state, I probably should have stopped him as he pulled it towards the electrical socket.  He jumped back from the small spark, smiling nervously.
One front tooth sat ever so slightly crooked.  His hair, dark brown, fell haphazardly over his bright blue eyes as if he hadn't brushed it in days.  “Are you okay?” he asked as his eyebrows tugged together in a sharp triangle.  “You look a little pale and you’re just kind of staring at me.”  A smirk tugged at one corner of his perfect mouth, his bottom lip almost too full for a man.
“Mr. Goldin!” yelled Professor Brown, “Please sit down so Miss Franklin can give her presentation.”
‘Mr. Goldin’ winked at me as he passed.  “You’ll do fine.  Just imagine me naked.  I’m Danny, by the way."  As he walked to his seat I noticed his ass was pure perfection.
I swallowed the lump in my throat and stepped towards the projector.  “Miss Franklin?” Professor Brown repeated, waving her hand at the now functional projector lighting up the giant screen behind me.
“My name is Addison Franklin.  My topic is Easter Island..."
When the clock struck 9:30 am that Thursday morning I grabbed my backpack and bolted for the door.  I hated public speaking, hated most things public to be perfectly honest, but the professors at Abernathy Community College seemed hell bent on exploiting that weakness.
A shoulder bumped into me.  It was attached to Danny Goldin.  He smelled fantastic.  “You did good in there,” he said, flicking his eyebrows back to the site of my near panic attack.
I blew out a noisy breath, “Yeah, right.”
“No, I’m serious.  Other than the total meltdown about not being able to plug the projector in, you did good,” he laughed.  "You're from out of state, right?"
I nodded reluctantly.  I'd specifically picked this little known, small town Texas school because nobody here knew me.  I'd moved here from Arkansas, transferring in for the second semester.  I shifted the weight of my backpack on my shoulders.  Why did the powers that be make us carry all these heavy books around if we never even used them in class?  Danny grabbed the strap and with a quick flick of his wrist had it up and over my head and resting on his own shoulder.  He tugged at the strap and then grinned.
“What do you have in here, rocks?” he asked, his mouth turned up in a bemused grin.
“Textbooks,” I said, suddenly realizing how sore my shoulders were now that the weight had been lifted.  It was funny how sometimes you didn’t notice how much something hurt until it was gone.  Still, I couldn’t have some random guy carrying my bag for me.  I tried to take it back from him, but he pushed my hands away.  I shook my head, “Look, I want my bag back.  I don’t want you to carry it.”
He laughed under his breath, stopping underneath the lone oak tree in the center of the campus.  “Attention makes you nervous Addison Franklin from out of state,” he stated casually.
“Arkansas,” I added.  “I’m from Arkansas.  And you can call me Addy."  I breathed out, shaking my head, and grabbing for my bag one more time.  Danny grabbed my hand, holding it for a moment too long.
“Addy, don’t most girls like it when a guy walks them to and from class?  Carries their book bag?” he asked.
“I’m pretty sure that only works on the CW Network,” I answered, jumping up and finally grabbing my pack, almost falling to the ground as its weight shifted my balance.  After awkwardly placing it back over my shoulders, I looked him straight in the face and said, “Not. Interested.”
His smile transformed into an outright grin as I turned and walked away.  “See you later, Addy!” he called out.
~
I collapsed back onto my extra long twin bed, snugged up against my standard, institutional grey, cement wall.  Across the room from me I heard some sort of low groan as my roommate, a girl I barely knew and yet had to share a living space with, wake up.  I was willing to work, willing to work my ass off for a private room or an off-campus apartment, but all Freshmen had to live in student housing unless they were married, pregnant, or somehow figured out a way to cheat the system that I had yet to find.
Lisa peeked out from beneath her bright, yellow comforter.  She had a sleeping mask pushed up in her hair and earbuds locked in her ears.  She pulled the mask off and said a little loud and grumpy, “What time is it?”
I looked at my watch.  “Almost 10 am.”
She jumped out from under the covers, sliding her feet into a pair of flip-flops and running out the door, pajama pants with hot pink pandas going across her butt, tousled hair and all.  I guess she had a class at ten.  Danny Goldin caught the door before it finished swinging shut behind her.  “Did you follow me?” I shrieked, jumping up when I saw him standing in the doorframe.
His eyes widened as if he felt a little unsure, but the look quickly evaporated under a grin.  “How else was I going to find out where you live?”
“What?” I shouted out at him.
He shrugged his shoulders and walked straight into my room.  "You don't talk to anybody in class.  You've just been lurking for the last three months," he answered casually.  He looked at Lisa’s side, with her bright yellow comforter, frilly purple and lime green pillows and posters of Caribbean beach scenes and then my drab side.  Grey wall, dark blue comforter, white sheets.  He sat down on my bed.  I sat on Lisa’s.  It felt awkward.
“That’s not your bed,” Danny said, still with that same lopsided grin.
“This is in fact my bed.  I happen to love the color yellow,” I said emphatically.
He quirked up one eyebrow, lowering his eyelids and tilting his head.  He clicked his tongue against his teeth and then lay back on my pillow nonchalantly, his hands behind his head.  “Nope, this is your bed.”
I jumped off of Lisa’s bed, running my fingers through my hair out of frustration before I let my arms drop to slap on my thighs.  “Do you want something?” I yelled at him.
He winked.  “I want you to come eat with me, at the dining hall, right now.”
I stared at him.  I probably looked like I’d just smelled something really disgusting, because my mouth felt locked in that slightly open, nose crinkled ‘stink face’ expression.  “I’m not hungry,” I answered.
He sat up, breathing out a long exhale.  “You are hungry.  Your stomach was growling obnoxiously the whole class."  He was right, and not only was he right but my traitorous stomach growled again, right there in front of him.  I wrapped my arms around my waist, hoping he hadn’t noticed.
He noticed.
He jumped off the bed, grabbed my hand and led me to the elevator and then the dining hall.
Now the important thing to remember here is that I came to a tiny college, in the middle of nowhere, out of state, specifically not to be noticed.  So imagine my horror when I realized that this guy was clearly taking notice.  I felt my palms start to itch as they sweat and swelled from nervousness.  I tried to pull away from him, but he held fast.  Danny walked us through the buffet line, piling food not only on his plate, but mine as well.  Pizza, nachos, tacos, an apple, some sort of baked pastry thing, chocolate pudding...
“I can’t eat all this, Danny.”
Looking over at me, something flickered in his expression for just a moment before it disappeared behind his trademark cat-like grin.  He put two sodas on my tray along with a glass of lemonade.  “You’re not one of those girls who pretends to be all anorexic in public nibbling on an apple and then scarfs down an extra large pepperoni in secret, are you?”  He used his fingers to put quotations around ‘nibbling on an apple’ like it was a cliché quote out of some young adult novel.  Which, truthfully, it probably was.
“No, I eat.  Just not this much,” I said pointing to my tray of food that was so packed the plates were piled on top of each other.  “And I hate to be wasteful.”
He made a scoffing noise as the lady slid his meal plan card through her machine.  He paid for both of our trays.  I tried to stop him, whipping out my own card, but he just shrugged.  “My mom buys me the ginormous plan.  Food has become her outlet for apologizing to me lately.”
I followed him to a table in the center of the room.  I hated eating in the center of the room, preferring to lurk in some dark corner somewhere.  “What is she apologizing for?”
He sat down, immediately stuffing his face with his slice of pizza.  “Not being around since I was six years old would be my first guess, but I’m sure she has others.”
His answer didn’t shock me.  Everybody had problems.  I had problems.  But the casualness with which he said it bothered me.  I’d never say something like that to a complete stranger.  Never.  I sat down beside him.  Our elbows touched.  “I’m sorry,” I muttered.  He flicked his pizza crust to a corner of his tray and grabbed the piece off of mine.  He shrugged his shoulders nonchalantly while he chewed.  I ate my taco, trying not to ‘nibble’ for his sake, but my stomach was in knots.
I wiped a bit of cheese from the corner of my mouth as I dug into the nachos next.  “Why do they call you ‘Golden Boy’ around here?” I asked, noticing that he’d already started in on his desserts.
He sighed, “Most likely because my last name is Goldin with an ‘i’ and people aren’t very creative.  But I also graduated Valedictorian of my high school class and I maintain a pretty above average GPA.”  Great.  He’s smoking hot and he’s super smart.  Way out of my league.
“You don’t look that smart?” I blurted.  My cheeks blazed red.  I did not mean to say that aloud.
“Why is that?” he asked, shoving a spoonful of chocolate pudding in his smirky mouth.
Because you’re hot, and its not fair for hot people to also be geniuses.  “Umm,” I mumbled restraining my brain not to say those words out loud too, officially nailing down the lid of my embarrassment coffin.  My eye caught at his tattoo spanning the length of his left forearm, wrist to elbow.  “Since when do Valedictorian’s have tattoos?” I asked, stumbling over my words.
He watched me, sucking on the spoon he’d been using to eat his pudding.  “Anybody can have a tattoo, despite their IQ score.  I got this one-” he turned his left arm over revealing some sort of Haida style animal totem inked into his skin in lines of black, white and red, “-with my brother.  I’m the wolf.  Jack is the hawk.  Kind of lame, I guess, seeing as how we have no connection to North Pacific Native American tribes.”
He sounded almost sad as he told me about the tattoo.  I needed to change the subject.  I didn’t do personal and something about his tone told me that had been personal.
“Well,” I muttered, “I liked your presentation about the Tuareg tribes.”  Looking down at my plate, I realized all the nachos were gone.  Had I been stuffing my face the entire time we’d been talking?  I wiped my cheesy, greasy fingers on a napkin between us.  He looked away from his tattoo and began eating in earnest again.  “I liked yours too,” he said between bites.
“What did you like about it?” I asked sarcastically.  I knew it was terrible.  I used to be pretty good at schoolwork, but then when I lost my mom, my only family, I just sort of stopped caring.  Danny leaned into me, so that I could feel his breath on my ear.  The tiny hairs on the back of my neck stood on end, in a totally good way.
“I liked how your cheeks got all red when you were frustrated with that machine.”  He leaned back.  “Just like they’re doing right now.”

CHAPTER TWO
“Don’t be a pussy,” he argued, unlocking the passenger side door and then swinging it outward inviting me to take a seat.
I locked my arms across my chest.  “It’s not being a pussy...” I hated that word.  Why did guys always use that word?  “To not get in a car with a stranger.”  Granted, it was a fucking awesome car, a 1967 Chevrolet Impala, rebuilt and ridiculously fantastic looking.  I didn’t walk around drooling over many cars, but I knew enough to like this one.  It also happened to be on my favorite TV show.
Danny lifted his eyebrows.  “Hi, I’m Danny.  I’m from Quintana, Texas.  My mom’s name is Theresa Crawford.  She lives in Chicago with her husband and my two half-sisters.  My father is a douchebag and not worth mentioning.  My brother’s name is Jack.  This is my car.  Her name is Lucinda.  I’m not strange.”
Addy laughed.  “I didn't say strange, I said stranger.  Either way, my 'strange-dar’ is beeping like crazy.”
He smiled again.  “Your what is beeping?”
“My ‘strange-dar’ is beeping,” I repeated, emphasizing the word strange.  “I mean come on!  Danny, I have class in less than an hour!”  I pleaded, looking down at my watch.  Two fifteen pm.  I hadn’t even been back to my room yet and I’d already missed one class after lunch!  Danny smiled and then leaned over the car door, his bottom lip sticking out in a childish pout.
“Please get in my car Addison Franklin?” he said, still pouting.  As he leaned over, the edge of his white t-shirt crept up allowing me to see his hipbones and another tattoo running down the length of his ribcage, some sort of text.  I flicked my sunglasses on and slid into the leather seat of the car.
We drove south for what seemed like hours, well into the evening when the Texas sun striped the sky with vibrant shades of pink, purple, and yellow.  “Is this the part where you drive me out to the middle of nowhere and leave me for dead?” I asked, only slightly nervous to hear his answer.  He breathed out a laugh, and then fiddled with the radio.  He had a complicated system of wires coming out of the dash that somehow must have connected to his iPod that lay in the seat between us.  Imagine Dragons “Demons” came through the speakers.
I hummed along to the chorus under my breath.  Danny smiled, but continued to stare out the windshield.  He turned the music up, though, and sang along a bit himself.  When the song ended I mumbled, “I like that band,” tilting my head against the glass of the car window and fell asleep.
I felt a nudge on my shoulder and heard a strong, blowing sound, like when you hold your ear up to a seashell.  Danny smiled at me, tossing a flashlight into my lap.  I rubbed the sleep away from my eyes.  Looking out the window all I could see was darkness, but the ground was glimmering in the moonlight.
Danny smiled at me and jumped out of the car.  I pushed the heavy door open and followed, my heels sinking down into the sand as I walked behind him.  He had the beam of his flashlight moving in front of him in a slow arc, finally settling on a large green hump.
I came up to his shoulder.  “Danny!  We’re at the coast!  Shit, I have class...”
He put his free hand on my face and turned my chin so that I was looking directly at the green lump his light had settled on.  It was a sea turtle.  She churned up the sand behind her, flinging it everywhere, then stilled suddenly.  “She’s nesting,” Danny said at my ear.
I crouched on the sand as I whispered, “I know.”
Danny crouched beside me, our shoulders brushing.  We watched as the mother turtle finished covering her eggs with sand and then slowly lumbered her way back towards the water.  As soon as she touched the sea’s edge, she disappeared.  The waves lapped against the sand several times before I breathed out.  “What?” Danny asked.
I shook my head, a stupid grin growing ear to ear on my face.  “That was amazing!”
From the corner of my eye, I could see him observing me, his head slightly tilted.  “I’m glad you liked it,” he whispered.
We watched and waited; stretching out on the hood of his car, hoping another turtle would come ashore.  They ungracefully wandered up on the beach, dug a hole, laid their eggs, covered them up and trudged away.  In between, we stared up at the stars.  I’d always seen a sky crowded with mountains and trees.  The skies of Texas were vast, seemingly endless as they stretched over the horizon.  I could see the hint of light to the east, when I finally spoke.
“Seems rough,” I said, my voice hoarse from lack of sleep.  “Leaving all your hopes and dreams here on the beach while you just go off to live your life.”  His face contorted, as if in pain all of a sudden.  He breathed out roughly as he slid off of the car’s hood.  By the time he stood up his familiar smile had returned.  He reached out a hand to me.
“Breakfast,” he said.  “Breakfast is needed before we drive back.”
We ate at an IHOP.  My eggs were overcooked, my bacon slightly undercooked, but not dangerously so, and my hash browns greasy.  I ate every bit of it and drank down two glasses of orange juice.  Danny ate a massive stack of pancakes with syrup, whip cream, and strawberries on top.  I was starting to gather that he liked sugar, massive quantities of it.  He paid the bill and we jumped back in the Impala and roared north.  Only when I saw the sign did I realize I’d be missing another day of school.  “We drove over 200 miles last night!” I said, slightly flabbergasted at the mileage sign.
He smiled.  “Yeah, and with you snoring for at least a hundred and fifty of those.”
“I don’t snore,” I stated plainly.  I do.  I snore like a dying bear.
He flicked an eyebrow at me, while scrolling through his music again.  “What’s your favorite song?” he asked.
“Holiday by Green Day,” I answered with confidence.
He smiled, clicking on a familiar Green Day song, but not Holiday.  “Punk rock.  Nice,” he commented.
“I also like Carry On Wayward Son by Kansas, though,” I added.  I did like the song.  In fact I liked a lot of classic rock.  He raised one eyebrow and looked over at me, one wrist dangling on the wheel, the other still fiddling with his iPod.  “Are you making a Supernatural reference because of my car?”
Test.  Passed.  Daniel Goldin.  Possibly perfect.
“I like that show.  I like the car,” I said, raising my own eyebrows while running my fingertip along the edge of the door.
"She likes my car,” he said under his breath, smiling widely.
We pulled back into Abernathy, population 3,421, just before noon.  “I’ve got to stop by my apartment first,” he said, “before I drop you off.”  He leaned over the wheel, stretching his lower back as he pulled next to a two-story apartment building with white bricks and neat rows of hedges and flowers in the front.
“You live off campus?” I asked, “How old are you?”
He grinned, pulling the key out of the ignition.  “19, but I’m ‘independent,’” he answered.  I followed him out of the car and up the metal staircase to his door.  “It means I’m financially independent from my parents.  I filed that way so that I could get FAFSA grants.”  He waggled his eyebrows at me as he opened the door.  “It also means I can live off-campus as a freshman.”
"I know what it means," I said to his back.  "I'm the same way."  Although I had no idea that it meant I could live off-campus.  I’d be sure to head straight to the Registrars Office Monday morning armed with the new promise of my own place.
I stepped into his apartment expecting a stereotypical man-cave, complete with video games and porn-inducing posters of women spread eagled in front of cars.  Instead I found a fairly clean space; with two brown leather loveseat size couches and a flat screen TV.  On the wall with the TV the shelves were stuffed full of DVD’s and Blue-ray discs.  All around the couches and on the opposite wall were books.  I mean, like, a shitload of books piled everywhere.  I thumbed through the titles that fell on top of my lap as I sat down.  “Fuse” by Julianna Baggot, “13 Days to Glory” by Tinkle, checked out from the library, “The 5th Wave” by Rick Yancey and “Great Expectations” by Dickens.  I piled them back up on the cushion beside me.  Danny plopped his keys on the counter and grabbed a soda out of the refrigerator.  “You want a Coke?” he asked, clearly holding up a Sprite.  All sodas were “Coke” to Texans.
I nodded, and he tossed me the cold can.  It opened with that satisfying pop and spray of carbonation.  The effervescent bubbles tickled my throat.  Danny finished his own can in a single gulp, crushing the can and tossing it in a blue trash bin with the recycling symbol painted on one side.  “I smell like hell,” he said, leaning down to sniff one armpit.  “I’m going to grab a shower.”
Self-consciously I realized that if he stunk, so did I.  I hadn’t even looked at myself in a mirror in the last eighteen hours, after cruising with the windows down and the wind whipping through my hair.  I brushed my hand over my hair and cringed at all the flyaway hairs I felt.  Danny smiled.  “You’re welcome to join me?” he said teasingly, pointing a thumb in the presumed direction of the bathroom.
“Umm, no,” I said, a knot suddenly forming in my stomach.
He shrugged his shoulders.  “I’ll be less than five minutes.  I promise.”
True to his word he showered, dressed and came out of his bedroom in less than five minutes.  He grabbed his keys and asked, “Ready?” while buckling his belt.  He had replaced his khaki cargo shorts with dark, denim jeans and the plain white t-shirt with a button-up collared number.  He fingered his wet hair back impatiently as it dripped in his eyes.  The water made it darker, accentuating his blue eyes and flushed cheeks from the hot water.  I almost crushed the can in my fist looking at him.  His eyebrows asked the question again, so I stood up awkwardly.  “Yep, ready,” I said, not knowing where to put my soda down.  He took it from me, drank the rest of it, crushed it and tossed it in the recycling bin.
We drove back to my student housing, which on the skyline looked very similar to pictures I’d seen of Soviet Russian compounds.  He pulled into the parking lot and placed one arm across the back of the seat.  I reached for the door handle reluctantly.
“Addison,” he said using my whole name.  It sounded unfamiliar.  No one but my mother called me by my whole name and she hadn't said it in years.  “Can I take you out tonight?  On a real date?” he asked.
“A real date?” I laughed.  “What was this then?”
He smiled.  “I have no fucking idea, but I can’t let you get out of this car without promising me we can do it again.”
I tilted my head back.  I’d moved here to hide, to get away from all the crap that had been following me around the last few years.  Now here was this “Golden Boy” wanting a date with me.  The last thing I needed was a relationship to complicate my newly simple life.  But I could. not. resist.  My heart felt like it was going to explode as I nodded and stepped out of the car.  I leaned back into the frame before closing the door.
“8 pm,” I answered.  “Bring the car.”  I winked at him this time, immediately feeling like a cliché idiot for having done it.

CHAPTER THREE
I stared at myself in the floor length mirror on the back of our dorm room door.  I’d gone simple with black, skinny jeans and a green, sequined top.
“Whom are you going out with?” Lisa asked, only remotely interested as she thumbed through something with a Kardashian on the cover.
“Danny Goldin,” I answered, fiddling with the thin spaghetti-strap of my shirt.  It kept getting tangled with my bra strap.  It was probably one of those shirts you weren’t supposed to wear with a bra, but the idea of letting the girls ‘hang loose’ was too much for me.  I turned to the dead silence behind me, to find Lisa staring vacantly over the magazine cover, her mouth gaping open.  I ran my hands along the seam of my jeans, wiping my sweaty palms.  I sat on my bed and pulled the black heels on.  They were scandalously tall, but at five foot five inches, I needed the help.
“You,” she said almost as if she were accusing me of something, “Are going out with Danny Goldin?”
I flicked my hair out of my eyes as I buckled the thin ankle strap of my shoe.  My recently cut shoulder-length locks kept getting right in my way.  Despite the ease of fixing it, I suddenly longed for my long, flirty hair.  “Yeah, what of it?” I asked, finally finished buckling the ridiculously tiny clasp.
Her mouth continued to gape open as she thumbed the magazine.  “Un-fucking-believable,” she muttered.
I stood, my hands on my hips.  “Excuse me?”
She plastered on a fake smile, “Nothing.  Danny’s just told a friend of mine that he doesn’t date.”  The way she said friend immediately implied either it was her ‘best friend forever’ that Danny had rejected or it was her self and she was too embarrassed to admit it.  She flicked a couple of the magazine pages way to hard.  I suddenly thought her yellow comforter looked less like sunshine and more like bile.  “Whatever, it’s not even our first date.  We went to the beach for two days.”  Not a total lie.  “That’s why I was gone last night.”  When she gasped, I flicked my purse over my shoulder and smiled the whole way down the stairs, like a stupid idiot who’d just won a carnival prize.
When I pushed open the heavy metal door, I gasped.  Danny’s Impala sat stretched right in front of the walkway and he stood at the passenger side door.  He wore black slacks and a dark blue button up shirt with the sleeves rolled up to his elbows.  The pants accentuated his hair and the shirt did even more for his eyes.  Holy shit.  As I neared him, he popped a single red rose out from behind his back and opened the car door for me.  Definitely a carnival prize - the big one that sat at the top of display that nobody ever had even a remote chance of winning.
“You gonna leave a guy just standing here with a flower looking like a douche?” he asked, flicking his eyes to the crowd of girls headed into the dorm that had suddenly stopped dead in their tracks.
I plucked the flower from his hand and slinked into the car.  Despite its size the door opening was relatively small, especially when I was nearly five inches taller than normal.
“Hold on to your panties, Addison Franklin.  I’m turning it on full hilt tonight,” he smiled.
“Turning on what exactly,” I asked, resting my nose into the rose’s soft petals.
He leaned over at me and with a devilish grin said, “The charm.”
Thirty minutes later we set ensconced in a dark corner of a badly lit Mexican restaurant.  The menu was entirely in Spanish.  Fortunately Danny spoke the language because just minutes after we’d set down there was a sizzling pile of the most delicious smelling mixture of steak, chicken and shrimp fajitas I’d ever seen.  The waitress brought out small baskets of fresh tortillas along with plates of sides like sour cream, pico de gallo, lettuce and sliced jalapenos.  I steered very clear of the jalapenos but the rest of it was delicious!  It was spicy but it didn’t linger or burn, cooked just right so that it literally melted in your mouth.  My hands were slightly greasy from the fajita juices running out of the tortillas by the end of the meal.  I looked up from fastidiously trying to wipe my fingers to find Danny staring at me.
“You do like to eat, don’t you?”
I felt slightly mortified.  “Would you rather I ‘nibble’ at things?” I asked, only slightly self-conscious.  Okay, very self-consciously. 
“Hell, no,” he laughed.  “This is refreshing.”
I sat back, rubbing my stomach. “Seriously, though, we might need only salads and some fresh fruits or something tomorrow.”
He leaned towards me, his eyes slightly squinting.  “Presumptuous, that you think we’ll be eating together tomorrow,” he said, but before I could cover up my nervousness by saying something stupid he finished, “But we will be.”
The waitress took away our plates and then brought out some sugary concoction that looked fried and drenched in honey.  "Sopapillas," he said.  I shook my head when he offered me one.  I was stuffed.  He devoured them almost whole.
He paid the bill and then said, “So what now?” to me.
I raised my eyebrows, scoffing slightly.  “What do you mean ‘what now?’  This is your date!  You should have plans!”
He stood, offering me his hand, which I took automatically.  “The only thing I planned to do tonight was take you home and get you in my bed,” he said with one of the most charming grins I’d ever seen.
I wanted to gasp, but all that escaped my lips was a stifled laugh.  I punched him lightly on the shoulder as we walked out of the restaurant and turned towards the Impala.  “We could go see a movie?” I offered.
~
“Danny, I know you think you’re charming but I really was serious about the movie,” I said nervously as we turned into his apartment.
He smiled over at me.  “I have an awesome flat screen and surround sound system.  I don’t have to compete for a seat and worry about what I’m sitting on.”
Valid arguments.  But I’d be alone with him, in his apartment, on his couch.  I shook the thought away.  What was I talking about?  I’d already been alone with him in his apartment and on the beach and drove hundreds of miles with him in his car.
Once in his apartment, he busied himself with clearing the couches of books while I thumbed through his DVD collection.  He had everything, from The Notebook to the DVD sets of the A-Team.  Do I pick something girly and cliché 'date night' or do I shoot for testosterone filled, guns, guts and glory.  I settled on The Hunger Games.  Everybody liked the Hunger Games.
We sat on opposite ends of the couch, although its small size forced us to still be pretty close to each other.  I pulled my legs up beside me, sans shoes, grazing his pant leg with my toes.  I tucked my legs closer to my butt, hoping that he hadn’t noticed.  He looked over at me, one fingernail being chewed between his teeth.  He reached down, pulling my feet onto his lap, rubbing his thumb along the sole of one of my feet.  Christ, that one swipe of his thumb seemed to hit every nerve in my body.  My breathing ratcheted up and I was about to move my feet when he gently grasped my ankles.
“What’s up with Katniss picking Peeta anyway?” he asked.  “I mean from a female perspective.”
The thought distracted me from moving, and truthfully the position was really comfortable after being squished awkwardly for so long.  His hands were warm.  I leaned back against the arm of the sofa and said hesitantly, “Peeta’s nice, I guess.”
He rubbed my foot again with his thumb.  “Nice,” he mimicked sarcastically.  “Gale’s ‘nice’ and badass.  A much more appealing combination.”
“He blew up her sister,” I said, realizing that he’d only know that if he read the whole trilogy of books.
He jerked a hand up and said, “He didn’t blow up her sister.  He designed a bomb!  They were at war.  What did Katniss think would happen?  She’d just start a war and they’d smack each other around with sunflowers until someone had an allergic reaction and give up.”
I laughed out loud.
“It’s not funny,” he said.  “Everyone thinks Katniss is some female role model, but she just seems indifferent to me.”
I couldn’t help but smile.  The only person I’d heard speak about characters in books as if they were real was, well, me.  “Maybe she thought Gale was too pushy.  Forcing her to kiss him against the wall and all that,” I suggested.  I felt my lips tingle at the thought of Danny pushing me against a wall and forcing me to kiss him.
Danny smiled and placed his hand over my ankles.  “Noted, no forcing you to kiss me,” he muttered, returning his attention to the movie.
Damn.
As the character with the funky moustache glared down into his bowl of ‘death berries’ I stretched my arms and legs out, just realizing that my feet still sat in Danny’s lap, his hands gently covering my ankles.  He sat rapt, eyes glued to the screen until the credits rolled.
“That’s such a good movie, even if the books were YA lite,” he said to me.
“YA lite?”
He moved my legs, replacing them on his body’s warm spot on the couch, to stand up and eject the DVD from the player.
“Young Adult lite,” he said, putting the Hunger Games case back on its shelf and looking for another.  I watched the muscles of his back move, the cotton of his shirt creasing at his shoulders as he reached to the top shelf, drawing out a much larger box, some kind of multiple DVD set from the looks of it.
“Are you implying that you read Young Adult novels?” I teased.
He looked back at me smiling.  “I knew what you were referring to about the bomb and the kiss against the wall, didn’t I?” he asked.
“Yeah, but everyone has read the Hunger Games.  It’s standard fare.”
He popped a disc into the player and grabbed the remote from one of the shelves.  He picked up my legs and sat down exactly in the spot he’d just left.  Pointing the remote at the TV, he buzzed through a few preview screens before finally reaching the Home Menu.  Two faces I’d know anywhere popped up to the repeating riff of a classic rock song.  Supernatural.
He smiled over at me.  “Yes, I watch the show.  This is Season 5.  Have you watched all of them?  I don’t want to spoil it for you,” he asked.  I nodded.  I watched all of them live on TV and then on Hulu the next day and then on Netflix whenever I wanted.
He scrolled through the menu until he reached Episode 16, labeled “Dark Side of the Moon.”  He pushed play and dropped the remote on a small coffee table to his right.
“This is my favorite episode,” he said.  The show opened with Sam and Dean asleep in a cheesy hotel room.  Two guys rush into the room and blow them both away with shotguns.  Next thing, Dean wakes up in his Impala.  When he gets out and looks around he’s sitting on railroad tracks near a field, younger Sammy suddenly behind him with a crate of fireworks.  Bob Dylan’s “Knockin’ on Heaven’s Door” comes over the speakers as Sammy and Dean shoot off bottle rockets.
It is arguably the single best scene ever created in Supernatural and the epitome of all things “Bromance.”
“Why is this your favorite?” I ask, curiously.
Danny sighed, rubbing the sole of my foot with his thumb.  Usually guys went straight for the arm over the shoulder move or maybe a wrap around the waist maneuver, but as Danny rubbed my foot I decided it was seriously the most undervalued piece of real estate.
“I like that of all the possible heaven scenarios, a thousand naked virgins, beers on a beach... Dean chose to be with his brother shooting off fireworks.”  He sounded sad about the answer, but I supposed that despite its great soundtrack, purity of thought, and Jensen Ackles man-candy, the scene itself was incredibly sad.
We hunkered down into the couch, watching one episode after another until finally Sam sacrificed himself to trap Lucifer in hell, leaving a heartbroken Dean alone in the world.  Danny clicked a button on the remote, turning the TV off and suddenly shrouding the room in darkness.  “Shit,” he mumbled, fumbling with a small lamp on the coffee table at his elbow.  He flicked it on, but its small bulb only just barely lit one side of him.  I glanced at the tiny clock on the front of his oven.
“Oh my god!  It’s almost four in the morning,” I said, jerking up off the couch.
Danny groaned and then stretched his legs out on the couch, closing his eyes.
“Danny, you need to take me to the dorms.”
He shook his head, rubbing at his eyes with his knuckles.  “Take my bed.  I’m exhausted.  I’ll stay out here on the couch.”
A million different scenarios ran through my head, admittedly not all of them involved him staying on the couch, but considering by the time I’d thought them all through he was already breathing deeply and sound asleep - I decided it would be stupid of me to wake him up just for propriety's sake.  I tiptoed through the small kitchen and opened the door to his room.
It was very small, like the rest of the apartment, but comfortable enough to move around.  He had a large king size bed that took up the majority of the floor space with a huge, white comforter crumpled on top of it.  The sheets and pillowcases were also white.  It wasn’t ‘made’ but it all looked very clean.  The sheets were cool to the touch as I ran my fingertips over them.  My foot thumped into a pile of books knocking them over.
“Sorry ‘bout that.  I have books everywhere,” Danny murmured from behind me, scaring me.  He leaned into his closet grabbing a clean white shirt.  He pulled his button up shirt off, tossing it in a hamper in the corner.  The tattoo running down his ribs was some sort of script, maybe Latin.  I reached out running my fingers down the length of it before he finished pulling the t-shirt over his head.
“What does it mean?” I asked.
“Durate, et vosmet rebus servate secundis,” he said, “It means, Carry on and preserve yourselves for better times.  It’s from Virgil’s Aeneid.”
I slammed into him, pushing him hard against his closet door with my hands on his chest, my lips pressing into his.  His muscles were firm beneath my touch, the cotton fabric of the shirt smooth and warm.  I wanted to touch every bit of him.  His lips parted and I breathed in his exhale.  I pushed my tongue in his mouth, ran it along his and then against his soft, full, lips.  He was taller than me, by quite a bit, but somehow I managed to pull his head and neck down so that I could consume him.  My body burned.  My hands ran up his shoulders, to his neck, his ears, his hair.  I gripped it hard, forcing him to open his mouth and breathe into me again.
I finally broke away, my own breathing ragged as I ducked my head below his chin.
“Holy shit,” Danny whispered against my forehead, “That was-”
“A mistake,” I finished for him.  That had been a mistake.  I took my hands, placing them on either side of his face and concentrated.  I hesitated for a moment, thinking maybe I shouldn’t do it, but a kiss like that couldn’t be forgotten any other way.  I breathed out, closing my eyes until I saw what Danny saw, felt what he felt.
My hands forcing him back, my lips, my tongue, his heart beating fast, his lack of breath, his amazement...
Gone.
I backed away quickly, before Danny had a chance to question why I was so close.
“Addison,” he asked as if climbing out of a fog.
It worked, like it always worked.  He didn’t remember.
“You were,” I huffed out pointing to his closet, “Showing me where I could find a t-shirt to change into.”
He looked behind himself, rubbing a hand across his lips.  I could wipe away any memory but I couldn’t wipe away the physical effects.  My own lips felt swollen and tender.
He shook his head and said, “Yeah, t-shirts just here.  Bathroom’s around the corner.”  He rubbed his eyes with the palm of his hand.  “I’m so sorry... I must be tired.  I don’t even remember walking in here.  I must have scared the shit out of you.  Some strange guy, walking in on you at night.”
I shrugged my shoulders.  “You’re not strange, Danny.”  Trust me.
~
So, yeah, I have a superpower.  It’s a lame superpower, but a superpower nonetheless.  No, I don’t know why I have it, though, I’m pretty sure there were no radioactive spiders or gamma radiation leaks involved.  Or at least I don’t think so.  You never can be sure with today’s chemical spills and general toxicity in general, but nothing really notable stands out.
I can erase memories, straight out of people’s heads.  Sometimes I can even change the memory into something else, rather than erasing it completely, but that takes a lot of concentration and takes a huge toll on me physically.
All things have a cost, and taking that memory away from him meant something was taken away from me.  A memory, all my own, disappeared with a flick of Fate’s hand.  I might grieve the loss, except for the fact that I don’t remember what it was.
If it had been a big memory, or an old one, one entrenched under layers and layers of time, I would have had a seizure like episode, bled from my nose and really embarrassed myself.  But since the kiss was so fresh on his mind, barely a memory really, it had been easy.
The last boy I zapped, Michael, was the reason I left Arkansas.
Michael kissed me, pressed me against the bit of rock surrounding the hot spring.  He was so fucking hot, and the fact that he was giving me, the weird Freshman girl at Little Rock Community College with the psycho mother and the messed up foster family, the time of day was amazing.
“You are so hot, Addy,” he whispered against my lips.
His hands roamed the edges of my swimsuit bottoms.  He stuck his hand down the front of them with no warning.  I jumped back.  “Wait,” I said, half breathless.  I mean Michael was hot, but I wasn’t sure I wanted to lose my V-card on some random hook-up.  “Wait, Michael!” I said again as his hand crept back down my swimsuit.
He pushed me hard against the rock. “Get used to it,” he grumbled, not removing his hand.
Excuse me, asshole?  Did I fail to mention I have a slight temper?  With his bare skin already pressed flush against me it took little effort to make the connection.  I dug through his brain, ripping and pulling unmercifully at anything and everything.  I erased scenes of fireworks with little Michael perched on his dad’s shoulders.  I erased Little League baseball games.  I erased when he lost his virginity, on a high school bus during a field trip.  I erased lots of shit, with no reservation.  I didn’t stop until I felt pain rip through my own skull.  He jerked away from me, grabbing the sides of his head.
I touched my nose.  It was bleeding.
He crawled up and out of the water, looking confused as hell, and stood there shivering in the cold night air.  It was November and the air just away from the spring dropped considerably.
He looked down at me with these wide, puppy-dog eyes and asked, “Have you seen my momma?”
Oops.
The next day, some random blonde walked up to my desk in Calculus 1 and slapped me hard across the face.
“You bitch!” she yelled.  The whole classroom stood silent, including the professor.  “What did you do to him?” she screamed.  I assumed she was talking about Michael.  The whole student population had been abuzz all morning about his ‘meltdown.’
She crossed her arms over her chest, staring at me.  “Probably the same thing you did to your mother, you freak!  I heard she’s a mental case-”
“Excuse me, young lady!  Young lady!” the professor shouted at her.  “I’m going to have to ask you to leave.”
She growled at me before storming up the stairs and out of the classroom.  I slunk down into my chair, trying to avoid the accusing eyes of every other student in the room.
That night at an Arkansas hot spring, I forgot my own grandmother, or so I was told.

CHAPTER FOUR
“You are avoiding me,” came his voice from over my shoulder.  I’d been sitting under a tree on campus, dodging the dining hall while munching on a ham and cheese sandwich.  I scooted over as he sat down next to me, carrying the usual gigantic portions of food on his tray.
“I’m not,” I said, fumbling over my bite of sandwich.
“It’s Friday.  I haven’t had a conversation with you in almost a week.  Not since you ran out of my apartment.”  I had grabbed his keys off of the counter and drove home like a mad woman.
"You stole my car," he said, with one eyebrow raised.
He hadn’t pressed charges.  Although Lisa said he’d given her the ‘side eye’ when she returned the car and keys to him later that day.  Her boyfriend, Chad, had followed her over.  He played on the baseball team.  I didn’t even know she had a boyfriend until then.
“I had to get home,” I mumbled.
“Fast, apparently,” he laughed.
I tossed the last bite of my sandwich in my mouth.  “I’m not avoiding you,” I sighed.
“Good, because you’re coming to Quintana with me.  Right now,” he said, standing up and offering me his hand.
I looked up at him, struggling with something inside of myself.  I could not be involved with a person, not anymore, not after what had happened.  “I can’t...  date you, Danny,” I said through gritted teeth.
“Thank God,” he said mock aghast, “Because I thought if we slept together it would get complicated.  Now it doesn’t have to.”
My mouth dropped open.  “Danny!”
He tossed his trash in a nearby can, leaving the lunch tray atop the container.
“I’m joking around Addison.  I just want you to come to the beach with me this weekend.  I need you to,” he said, reaching out for me again.
He needs me to come with him.  He needs me.  Needs.  Me.  How long had it been since I felt needed?
~
On the road we picked up right where we had left off a week earlier.  Music, TV shows, classwork, basically we spoke about a bunch of useless stuff that filled the time.  It felt comfortable talking to Danny, like we'd known each other forever.
The road sign read we had about fifteen miles before we reached 'Quintana Beach.'  It wasn’t the beach we’d visited the first time.  This one looked more commercial, with signs offering everything from “Beach House Rentals” to “Horseback Rides.”  Danny seemed suddenly tense, uncomfortable.
“Umm, Addy,” he said, perhaps sensing me watching him.  “We’re here to bail my brother out of jail, just so you know.”  Danny looked over.  His brow furrowed and his lips formed a tense line.  His knuckles turned almost white on the steering wheel.
“Why’s he in jail?” I asked quietly, really hoping that it was something unsubstantial like jaywalking or at the worst maybe he got caught smoking a joint.
“Drunk and disorderly,” Danny answered bluntly.  That's good I guess.  Not assault.  Not rape.  But still a bit much for a third date.  I felt my stomach tense.  Danny watched my face intently.  “Shit, I should have told you before you got in this car,” he mumbled.
I shook my head.  “Where are we taking him?  To your parents?" I asked.
He snorted through his nose.  “Hell no.  I’ll bail him out and he can find his own way home.  He said he lost his job too.  Apparently he's been on a bender all week."
"Anyway," he continued sounding hesitant.  “Since we got here before 5.  I can bail him out today, and then we can either turn right back around for school or we can stay here at the beach tonight.  I brought some camping stuff.”  He nodded to the back seat, which was indeed full of camping supplies and a cooler.  I can’t believe I’d missed that the whole four hours of the drive.
“We-” I said my voice sounding small.  I should have told him absolutely no, but my heart wanted other things.  “I'm sorry but my idea of camping is a hotel room without a TV.”  He looked over at me, grinning a little.   I guess I hadn’t exactly ruined his plans.  He took a sharp right, towards a large, nondescript building marked Quintana Police Station and parked.
I waited in the car, stretching out on the whole front seat while Danny went inside the station.  Half an hour later he walked back out with another man, slightly taller and broader than him, but they had the same tousled dark hair and piercing blue eyes.  His brother looked at the Impala, pointing as he brought a lighter up to the cigarette in his mouth.  He took a deep drag and then stepped down to the concrete, walking straight towards the car.  Danny shoved his shoulder, and turned to him.  His brother’s voice, slightly deeper than Danny’s or maybe just raspier from the abuse of nicotine yelled, “What the hell, bro?  Embarrassed of me or something?”
“Jack, you know it’s not that,” Danny said.
“It was me, I was scared of his big bad brother,” I said coming around Danny’s arm.  I wrapped my fingers around his bicep.
Jack’s eyes looked me over from head to toe and back again as he took a long drag on his cigarette.  “Little brother,” he corrected, “I’m Dan’s little brother by over two years.”  He held up two fingers not holding his cigarette to emphasize the point.
Danny’s jaw clenched tight and he said, “Jack this is Addison.  Addison, Jack.”  Jack stuck his cigarette in his mouth, reaching out to shake my hand.  “Pleasure, sis,” he said, winking at Danny.  Sis?  His hands were big, warm and calloused on the underside of his fingers.  He had tattoos all along his wrists and up the insides of his forearms, his left an exact copy of Danny’s.
“Two years?  You’re seventeen?” I asked, leaning back to check out his oversized, physique.
Jack eyed Danny before lighting up another cigarette to replace the one that had just burnt out.  “Yep.  Goldin boys grow up fast,” he mumbled, steadying it in his mouth as he lit it up.  He turned to Danny and said, “Can you give me a ride or not?”
Danny shrugged and walked towards the car.  “I’m not going into that fucking house, Jack.  I have no clue why you refuse to move out.”
Jack shrugged, took one long drag, and then flicked the barely smoked cigarette to the ground before crushing it under his heel.  “Just drive me to the general vicinity.”
He jumped into the back seat, stretching out and closing his eyes.  Danny watched him for a while before popping the seat back into place for me.  I brushed my hands along his knuckles atop the car door and smiled softly at him.
“Dan’s never brought a girl home, before,” Jack mumbled as Danny shut my car door.  “Except of course Mik.  But I don’t know if she counts.”  Who’s Mik, I wanted to ask but when Danny opened his side of the car Jack pretended to be asleep again before I could comment.  The Impala rolled out of the parking lot and headed west.  Each row of houses looked more and more dilapidated, the bright colors of normal beach houses, blue, green, and that weird pinkish coral, all fading into a sort of peeling, hodgepodge.  Kids, running feral everywhere, jumped on each other’s toys and ran screeching through sprinklers set up on their lawns.  Old men and women read newspapers or just sat watching from their porches as traffic rolled by.  Quite a few eyes followed the Impala.  It stood out in this neighborhood of dilapidation and rot.  Finally, Danny pulled into a short driveway, to short for the length of the classic car and turned off the ignition.  The small, one-story house looked rundown even on this street.  Its bushes were wildly overgrown, reaching almost past the roof.  I could see large, batches of spiders tangled in between them and the front porch.  A pile of white bird shit marked each corner of the porch as well, from nests under the eaves.
“Home, sweet, home,” Danny muttered.
Jack began jerking my seat back and forth, signaling I needed to move so he could get out.  I jumped out of the car, him just seconds behind me.  “Jesus, Jack!” Danny yelled.
“Sorry, sis,” Jack yelled over his shoulder, “I have to piss like a racehorse.  I wasn’t about to go in that place with the soap-droppers.”  He bolted inside the seemingly unlocked house.
Danny came around the car and said, “We can leave, but I should probably make sure he has some food in there.”  I nodded numbly; slightly concerned with what I was going to see inside if this is what the outside looked like.
It smelled horrible, like dirty boys.  You know, that uniquely ‘boy’ smell, but lingering just over that was the smell of spoiled milk and trash.  Danny kicked a few piles of trash out of the kitchen entrance and opened the refrigerator.  He jerked back, covering his nose with his arm and slammed it back shut.  Jack sauntered into the room, falling on the couch, obviously oblivious to the smell and mess.
“Jack, what the hell man?  Where’s Dad?” Danny asked.
Jack shrugged, tapping the Power switch on a remote, flaring a small flat screen to life.
“Been gone for a few weeks,” he said.
Danny walked into the room, pushing the button on the TV back to off.  “What the hell do you mean he’s been gone for a few weeks.  Why didn’t you call me?”
Jack shrugged.  “You know Dad.  He goes when he wants.  He’ll be back.”  He flicked the TV back on.  Danny turned it back off.
“You’re supposed to call me when he leaves.”
“Why?”  TV back on.  “Not like you give a fuck.”
TV back off.
“I do give a ‘fuck’ Jack,” Danny yelled.  “You’re my little brother.”
Jack stood smashing the remote to the ground.  It exploded in shards of plastic.
“Screw this,” he grumbled, “I’m going out.”
Danny grabbed his arm.  “Hell if you are.”
Jack turned, shoving Danny straight into the flat screen.  It shared the same fate as the remote as it fell from the thin shelf to the floor.  “Try it, Danny.  I know you’re just like him.  So try it,” Jack seethed.
Danny’s face paled.  He let go of Jack immediately.  Jack stormed out of the house.  I heard the distant rumble of a motorcycle engine come to life and then saw Jack fly across my line of sight out the doorway.  Danny stood with his face tilted up, his eyes closed.  Not knowing what else to do, I walked into the kitchen and searched under the counter until I found a black trash bag.  I began shoving all the trash from the counters and floor into it.  Most of the plates were paper and the utensils plastic so cleaning would be easy enough.
I felt Danny standing behind me, watching me, but decided not to look at him.  Finally done with the counters, I turned to face the refrigerator.  I caught a glimmer of Danny wiping something (a tear?) from his cheek with the inside of his elbow.
“Let me help you,” he said, his voice rough.  He grabbed one corner of the bag as we threw out old take-out and a few Tupperware containers.  Judging by the smell outside the containers, I didn’t dare open them to investigate.  I moved into the living room, sweeping old mail flyers, napkins and more take-out containers into my trash bag.  I set aside unopened envelopes with bright red stamps on the front.  I knew those were unpaid bills.
I tied the bag shut and said, “Do they own a vacuum?” brushing my bangs from my face.  I’d worked up a slight sweat with the chores.  Danny stood staring at me, his brow furrowed intensely as he watched me.  His eyes were rimmed with red, and I was glad this was the first time I’d made eye contact.  I didn’t want to see him cry.  “Danny?” I asked again, softly
“Uh, yeah.  In the closet.  I think.  I’ll get it,” he said, jerking open a creaky door and pulling out an ancient bagged Hoover.  He vacuumed while I found a sponge under the countertops and some old Lysol.  I doused the counters with the cleaner and then found a bucket and old mop to do the same on the floor.
Two hours into the process, the house smelled and looked noticeably better.  Jack arrived, riding his motorcycle right onto the porch.  Greasy take-out bag in hand, he plopped on the couch seeming not to notice that the living situation had improved dramatically.  He sat the bag on the now clean coffee table in front of him and said without looking up, “I brought three burgers and fries.  If you’re interested?”
Danny watched him for a while and then patting him on the shoulder sat down beside him and grabbed a carton of fries.  I suppose that burgers and fries was guyspeak for “I’m sorry.”
~
“We could just stay here?” I’d said.  The house was at least tolerable now.
Danny shook his head.  “There’s only one bedroom and one bathroom in this house.  I’m embarrassed enough you had to help me clean out here, I’ll be damned if your hands go anywhere near the bathroom.”  Judging by the state of the rest of the house, I decided not to argue.  Jack packed a black duffle bag, locked his motorcycle inside the living room and said, “Let’s go.”
“Don’t you have, like, high school?” I asked.
He scoffed.  “No, I quit high school.  Not a genius like Dan.  I build fences, but I lost that job a few days ago.”
Danny’s eyebrows flicked up.  Jack smiled and finished, “I have problems with authority, Addison.”
We ended up staying at a beach hotel just five minutes away from the house.  Jack and Danny renting the room next to mine.  He would be going home with us to stay with Danny until they heard from their Dad again.  Since he no longer had a job, he had no reason to fight his brother on the issue, but considering the fact that Danny seemed surprised he gave in so easily, I felt like he was running from something.
We ate fish tacos right at the beach’s edge.  You had to have a key code to enter the bathroom.  I wondered just how bad the bathroom situation was that one had to have a rented room and a super secret password just to get in.
“Tourists,” Danny replied, mid-bite on his fifth taco, as if they were an invasive species.  Jack raised his eyebrows in agreement.  He was on his sixth taco.
After dinner, Jack sprawled out on one of the Queen sized beds in their room and immediately fell asleep.  “He’s probably been awake for over 48 hours,” Danny said, turning off the bedside lamps, shining into Jack’s eyes.  Danny looked at me, his hands in his pockets.  “You want to walk the beach?” he asked.  “We won’t see any turtles, but will still be nice?"
I nodded my head, taking Danny’s hand as we headed down the wooden stairs from our two-story hotel.  As soon as we stepped off the stairs we touched beach sand.  I could hear the roar of the waves as they crashed into the shore.  There were a few people out, but mostly we were alone.  Danny brought a flashlight, but I could mostly see by the streetlights from the road not far away.
“You and your brother.  Very different,” I commented.
Danny rubbed the back of his neck with his free hand; the other one was still twined with mine.  “We’re more similar than you think.  Jack’s just rougher around the edges, I guess.  He never had a mother.  I at least had one for a few years.”
I knew that look.  I’d seen it a thousand times in my own reflection.  It was the look of an abandoned child.
“When did your mother leave?”
Danny licked his lips.  His expression seemed pained.  He slowed down his steps, until we were almost not walking anymore.
“I was five.  Jack was three.  I don’t think he really remembers her at all.  She didn’t speak to us for years, not until I was fifteen.  And even then, only in letters,” he sighed.
“But she buys you the big meal plan?” I said, trying to lighten the mood and immediately regretting it.  But Danny smiled.  “Yeah, she thinks if she buys me a $10,000 meal plan that somehow it will make up for all the Ramen my brother and I had to eat when she abandoned us with a fucking alcoholic father.”
“I’m sorry,” I whispered, leaning into his shoulder slightly.  He removed his hand from mine and wrapped his arm around me.  His voice sounded more normal when he said, “As you can imagine I have abandonment issues.  So when a girl steals my car and refuses to speak to me for a week...”
“I’m sorry about all that.  I freaked out a little bit," I said shamelessly.
“Don’t tell me ‘It’s not you, its me’ Addison I swear,” he said, turning to look at me.
I could tell him my secret.  In fact I wanted to.  The thought hit me like one of those cartoon anvils, smashing me into the cement until all that remained was a brightly colored, rubbery pile.  Screw it; I was going to tell him.
“The thing is...  I have a superpower.”
His eyebrows flicked up and he half-laughed on one breath.  “I wasn’t expecting that,” he said, starting to walk again as he grabbed my hand, twining his fingers with mine.  “So what is it?”
“I can erase memories.  Sometimes change them,” I said.
“Well, that would be handy.  Erase half my past, please!  Let me think my mom was a saint who died nursing soldiers in a world war and my dad was a heroic fireman that saved two dozen children before succumbing to his injuries...” he rambled on.
“It’s not that easy,” I said, “I can only erase memories.  I can’t rewrite history.”
He smirked over at me, “Oh I see.”
“But there’s a trade-off.”
He smirked, “Obviously.”  I could tell by his tone that he didn’t believe me, not at all.
“Well,” he asked one eyebrow perched precariously high on his forehead.  “What is it?”
“If I steal a memory from somebody else, then I lose one of my own,” I sighed.
“But you don’t remember it, so its not like really losing it,” he pointed out.
“True, but it still makes things all complicated.  Like I said, I can't erase history, just a memory of it.  It gets insane when I can't remember something that everyone else does.  And I do feel a sort of loss,” I said.  “Here,” I said pointing to the area over my heart.  “I feel a loss.”  I dropped my hand.  “The bigger the memory I take, the bigger the one I lose.”
He sat down in the sand, pulling me down to my knees between his legs.  He kept hold of my hands, moving his thumb gently up and down and over my palm and wrists.  It made it hard to focus on what he was saying.
“Give me an example,” he said.  I thought back, trying to think of an instance that I felt comfortable disclosing.
“The first time it happened, I had just slapped my foster sister, Monica,” I began.
Monica grabbed a chunk of my hair, flinging me down on the bed.  She pinned me down with her weight.
“You little, bitch.  Apologize!” she shouted.
I smacked her in the face again and grabbed at her gold, hoop earring.  I yanked it hard, forcing her to roll off or risk getting her earlobe ripped apart.  She jumped on me from behind, shoving me down to the ground.
At first I thought I blacked out, but then I realized that somehow time had just stopped and then all these strange images bombarded me.  Things I’d never seen before with my own eyes, things I’d never experienced.  But through all of them I could feel Monica’s presence.
Each image was like a book on a shelf.  I could pick it up, flip through it, put it back, or throw it to the ground.  One image flared up brilliantly, brighter than the others because it was so new.  I watched me, slapping her, and then our fight.  I took the memory and smashed it between my hands, somehow making it disappear.
In the time it took to take one breath, I erased Monica’s memory.
She kneeled away from me, shaking her head.  “What in hell is going on?” she asked.
“I tripped,” I blubbered, still shocked at what I’d just done, “You were trying to help me up.”  She squinted at me with her nose curled as if I’d said something disgusting.
“And she just forgot?” he asked.  “I mean you’re sure you didn’t whack her on the head and give her a concussion.”
I glared at him.  This is why I never told anyone about this stuff, because afterwards they’d think I was an idiot, a freak, or both.
“She forgot,” I seethed.
“What was the fight about in the first place?” he asked, grinning.
I shook my head.  “She said I stole some skirt, or something.  Then I said I’d never wear anything of hers because she dressed like a skank.  Then, I don’t know it just got out of hand.”
He laughed, leaning away from me.  He stuck his hands in the sand behind him.  “Take one from me,” he said.
My fingers itched with the need to get inside his head.  I felt the twinge of desire, a desire unique to me, as I propped up on my knees and leaned over him.  His eyes widened as I lowered my face achingly close to his, breathing in his exhaled breath, matching the rhythm of his lungs, listening for the beat of his heart, felt the flow and ebb of the blood through his veins.
A little boy, with pale skin and dark blue eyes, sat hiding beneath dark brown hair.  We were in a room that smelled of mold.  A large hand suddenly cracked across the boy’s face.  He doesn't cry out once, not a single tear as the hand rises again...
Gone.
I breathed in deep, gasping for air as I sprawled away from Danny on the sand.  I reached up to my cheek, knowing there was not a mark there, but unable to control the instinct to cover it as if I had been struck.  Danny's hands pulled mine away.  His fingers skimmed over my skin as if he were checking something.  "Addy? What in the hell?"
That memory had been an old one.  I shouldn't have gone so deep.  I wondered if that asshole was Danny's dad.  Danny sat still looking at me.  "What was that?" He asked.  "You looked like you we're going to...   Then I thought you had a fucking seizure!"
I wiped my sweaty bangs away from my forehead, sitting back up, using his open knees as support.  "I'm fine," I muttered.  He reached out gently rubbing my back.
"So that's my superpower," I mumbled.
He stopped rubbing my back, his hand frozen in place.
"That?  That was a seizure!"
I shook my head, "Nope, you just lost a memory my friend."
Worry creased his face but after a minute he said, "Oh yeah, what did you take from me then?  What memory?"
This was the part where I lied.  Sort of, I mean I had taken this memory too.  Not just this time.
"Our first kiss," I said hoping to distract and dare him all at the same time.
A smile tugged at the corner of his lips.  "Bullshit, we haven't had a first kiss."
I leaned into him, wiping away a bit of a tear.  "How do you know?"  I tapped my temple in the universal symbol for brain superpowers.  Truthfully I wasn't sure about its universal nature but I had watched Professor X use it in a X-men cartoon.
Danny sat back, eyeing me.  "You're freaking me out a little bit," he said, “Actually a lot.  Are you sure you don’t need to go to the hospital?”
I laughed, “I’m fine, Danny.”
He leaned closer to me, placing one hand behind me as he leaned in.  He sat quiet, watching me for a long moment and then said, "You scared me.  But since you took that particular memory, I guess I'll just have to rewrite it."
His lips grazed mine, my body instantly reacting without conscious thought, my lips parting on a breath.  His hands came up, tangling in my hair, as he pressed into me further, his lips becoming more insistent.  His tongue darted in my mouth.  I felt him sigh against me.  We finally broke away from each other, both breathing fast.
With his hands pressed on either side of my face he leaned his forehead against mine.  "Don't you dare take that one away from me."
"Never," I promised.
~
Since there was a two-night minimum at the beach hotel, we decided to stay Saturday night too.   I bought a two-piece bikini, white with blue stripes or blue with white stripes depending on how you looked at it, and we played on the beach all Saturday.  Jack, the youngest of the three of us, somehow managed to talk two older women into buying us three rounds of drinks, him and Danny beers, me yummy strawberry daiquiris.  The women only looked slightly mortified when he stopped flirting with them after their purchase, returning to our dinner table without a second look over his shoulder.
“Nice,” Danny said, “Trolling for cougars.”
“You know how it works,” Jack said, arching his eyebrows.  “Boy’s gotta eat.”
“Eat what?” I teased, emboldened by the liquor.
Jack smiled at me and then shook his head in feigned shock, complete with wrinkled nose and theatrically raised eyebrows.  “Trust me, big sister, you do not want to know.”
He finally leaned back, winking to the two older women who giggled like sorority girls.  I knew that wink; it was the same as his older brothers.  The thought of Danny pulling the same moves flashed through my mind, but was quickly washed away by another strawberry tasting slurp.
Danny took a long swig of his beer.  “Just don’t bring anyone back to the room.  I don’t need to see my baby brother in the throes of passion with a wrinkled old lady.”
Jack laughed, “The ‘throes of passion.’  Nice.”  He finished off his beer, clicking the empty bottle down on the table.  Its condensation dripped down between his fingers.  He looked back over to the women and winked again.  “You may have to bunk with Addison tonight, brother.”  He went back to the bar and placed one arm around each of the women.
“If we had a mother who cared, she would be slightly ashamed of him right now,” Danny muttered, but I caught his glimmer of a smile as he watched his younger sibling before he hid it with a long swig of beer.
“But you’re not,” I commented, “Ashamed I mean.”
He shrugged his shoulders.  “He doesn’t do anything to them that they don’t want.  I guess it’s the sheer numbers that’s shocking.  He lost his virginity when he was 14, and I don’t think he’s slowed down since.”
I watched as Jack led one of the giggling older ladies to the dance floor, his eyes wide with fake excitement as he looked over to Danny.  “You know if he were a girl, people would call him a slut,” I mumbled over the loud music as the band kicked into high gear.
“Oh, people still call him a slut, although it usually sounds more like ‘unimaginable bastard!’” Danny said, not trying to hide his laugh.  “You should have seen the trail of tears left by his high school sweethearts.  Now he’s moved on to richer hunting grounds.”
I watched as Jack swung the lady in a spin, landing her neatly on his chest before spinning her away again.  “By richer you mean...” I asked.
Danny swung out of his chair and offered me his hand; “Let’s not talk about my brother all night.  Dance with me?”
I was not prepared for the Goldin boys.  The band rolled into a rousing jazz number straight out of 1943.  On cue, Danny twirled me away from his body and then back again, before I even had a chance to react.  “I can’t dance,” I blurted, red-faced and incredibly awkward at how blundering I suddenly felt.
He smiled and leaned in to me.  “Just follow me,” he said confidently.
Danny showed me the basic steps, one foot back, one foot forward, side step, side step...
I felt incredibly lost, and shook my head with frustration.  I was slowing him down, and I looked sad and ridiculous all at the same time.
“To hell with it,” Danny said, picking me up by my waist and throwing me around himself in a twirl.  My feet rarely touched the ground.  He kept me suspended at his eye level the whole song, only dropping me down a few times to spin me around like a top.  Once I swung straight into Jack, who picked me up just like Danny and danced around until I was laughing hysterically.  The band ended with a loud clap of the drums and everybody cheered.  Danny leaned me back and I closed my eyes, imagining I was one of those pin-up girls with a bright red dress and kitten heels.  When he raised me back up the band started a slow number.  This I could dance to.  Danny wrapped his arm around my waist pulling me against him.  He draped my hands behind his neck, before placing his own hands just at the curve of my butt.  I leaned my head against his chest, felt the heat of him breaking through the cotton of his shirt, suddenly dizzy from his husky male scent.  I exhaled, leaning closer to him.
One week.
That was all it took for me to fall in love with Daniel Goldin.
I had the strangest feeling, though, that this bliss wouldn't last.

CHAPTER FIVE
You watch these movies and after the characters fall in love, they always say they’re ‘inseparable.’  It sounds so cliché and stupid, but I have to admit its true.  For the next six weeks, Danny and I were inseparable.  How the three of us crammed into that tiny apartment for that amount of time, I don’t know.  Most nights I slept in Danny's bedroom, with Jack sleeping on one tiny couch and Danny the other, Danny’s feet draping nearly in Jack’s mouth every morning.  We ate bad food, salvage from the dining hall or Ramen noodles, studied when we had to and watched movies when we didn't.
I stood up, fixing my rumpled t-shirt and jeans.  “I’ve got to go.  Finals tomorrow,” I said half-heartedly.  My grades weren't so hot this semester.  Sociology had been easy, but the Biology final had been brutal, and tomorrow I had Chemistry.
Danny grabbed my hand, “Stay here.  I’ll help you study.”
This was the part of the night where Jack always mysteriously disappeared into the bathroom or bedroom.
“Danny, I can’t.  You’ll just distract me.”
His lips pursed up and his eyebrows tugged together.  “You’ve told me I’m not allowed to ‘distract’ you.  The conversation was quite painful,” he said, forcing a smile.
Physical intimacy for me, well, that was a whole barrel of pickles.
“I have to go, Danny,” I repeated.
“Stay.”  His hand gripped mine a little too tightly.  I looked down at it and he immediately let me go.
“What’s going on?” I asked.
His chin dropped to his chest.  “After finals tomorrow...  We’re leaving.  Going back home.  I can make a ton of cash on the boats during the summer.  I have to go.”
I felt panic swell in my chest. But why was I shocked?  Of course he would go home.  I guess I just thought since he was ‘independent’ and neither he nor Jack had heard from their father since April...
“Why didn’t you tell me this sooner?” I asked, sitting back down on the couch.
“I was trying to come up with a different plan.  I scouted a few jobs, but nothing here pays like down on the coast.”
He looked pained, his shoulders slumped, his eyes refusing to look up at me.
I felt a sharp tug underneath my ribcage.  I took a deep breath but the pain didn’t ease.  I was about to say something crazy.
“So,” I whispered, but then gathered my voice, “Let’s get an apartment down there.  The three of us.”  I looked up at Danny just as Jack’s voice called from the bathroom, “I’m in!”
Danny tsked at his brother’s eavesdropping.  His forehead wrinkled as he asked, “You want to move in with us?”
“I’ll have my own room, obviously,” I said, backing away from him, feigning disinterest even though every fiber of my body wanted to take him in my arms.
He watched me carefully and then repeated, “Obviously.”  He smiled that big toothy smile that I yearned for these days.  He leaned in and kissed me, gently at first but as my lips parted he breathed intensity into the touch.  I leaned back into the arm of the couch as Danny kissed down my chin and onto my neck.  When he reached my collarbone I forced him away playfully.  He laid his head back down on my chest, pinning me down.
“Danny!” I laughed.  “I have to go.”
“You should get used to us, you know,” he said.  “Since you’ll be living with us.”
“To true!” chimed in Jack’s voice.  I cast an evil glare in his general direction.  Since he heard every word perhaps he could feel my side-eye through the door.
“I’ll stay, only...” I dragged out, “If you help me study for Chem.”  He’d told me before that he made an A in the class during fall semester.  "And watching Breaking Bad does not count."  I lifted an eyebrow to show I was serious.  This is Addison's serious face, it said.
Danny sagged against me, letting out an audible groan.
“Some of us don’t just breeze through all our basics, Lover boy.  I need help.”
He lifted up and said, “Lover boy?  I like that, but with a name like that...”  He leaned into kiss me again, but I stopped him with my hands on his chest.  “Fine.  Fine,” he said, resigned to the fact that I was going to insist on studying.  “Chemistry 1301 here we come!”
Three days, one A, two B's and 1 barely, yet still passing, C later we were packed up headed for Quintana.  Our two-bedroom apartment sat right on the beach, between the restaurant where hopefully I would waitress and the fishing charter business where Jack and Danny would work as guides all summer.  They knew the owner of the boats, so their job was assured.  Mine wasn’t.
“I don’t care if you work, Addy,” Danny told me our first night, drinking a cold root beer surrounded by our bags and boxes, mostly theirs, since I owned very little.
“I want to work.  This isn’t 1955.  I have to pay for my fair share of the rent and stuff,” I argued.
He cocked one eyebrow up at me.  “You do realize the tips off of one of our charters will be more than you make in a month?”
I sighed.  “I didn’t say I had to pay a fair share, just that I had to help,” I said, casting him my cutest of smiles.
He tipped back the bottle of his root beer and murmured, “Fair enough.”
The next morning they left the apartment by five am, which seemed utterly ridiculous to me, but apparently was necessary for readying the boats before they left the docks at seven.  They’d be back around four pm.
I woke up at the less ungodly hour of seven-thirty and wandered out in the living room bleary eyed.  They were sharing one room, Danny on his bed, Jack on a brand new Futon courtesy of Wal-Mart.  I bought a twin-size mattress set, since I already had the sheets for it from the dorm room. The coffee maker had one of those little instant K-cups beside it, waiting, next to a brand new toaster, a loaf of honey wheat bread, and strawberry jam.  A note read, "Drink Eat ~ Danny."
It was like I was Alice in Wonderland.
Soon her eye fell on a little glass box that was lying under the table: she opened it, and found in it a very small cake, on which the words "EAT ME" were beautifully marked in currants. "Well, I'll eat it," said Alice, "and if it makes me grow larger, I can reach the key; and if it makes me grow smaller, I can creep under the door: so either way I'll get into the garden, and I don't care which happens!"
After I ate the freshly jammed piece of toast and drowned it with two cups of coffee, I went back into my room to change out of my pajamas.  I propped the note up on the bedside table.  Oddly enough, it was my first hand-written note from a boy.
With my hair pulled back in a neat bun and wearing a moderately inappropriate sundress I walked straight to the restaurant across the street and nailed the interview, securing my summer job.  My next stop was the grocery store.  I was never much of a cook, but for some reason I felt like I could conquer the world.  Rosie the Riveter Cooks A Pot Roast Too!  I grabbed a magazine near the cash registers labeled “Food Network.”  Easy.  This summer was going to be perfect.
~
Cooking is fucking hard.
I looked over at the clock.  Three forty-five pm.  They guys would be home any minute.   I had pots and pans scattered over the apartment’s tiny kitchen in various stages of slightly burnt all the way to that's-not-natural-we’re-going-to-have-to-throw-that-pan-away status.  Paula Deen, Giada de Laurentiss, Bobby Flay my ass.  These people are nuts!
I noticed the large cloud of smoke billowing from the kitchen and into the living room, as if even it were trying to escape my cooking, as the front door swung open.  Jack and Danny coughed, covering their mouths, as they came in the apartment.  Danny looked around frantic and yelled, “Addison!”
I’m right here,” I cried.  I slumped down onto my kitchen stool, surrounded the foul smelling burnt remains of what used to be food.
Danny came charging towards me, running his hands up and down my body before turning my head to look up at him.  “Are you okay?” he asked.
Jack came in behind him, coughing erratically.  “Did you set the apartment on fire, sis?”
“I was trying to cook!” I shouted, breaking down into loud, ugly sobs.  I leaned my forehead against Danny’s chest to hide my embarrassment.  I felt his ribs start to jiggle with laughter.  Then Jack joined in from behind him as he backed away from me, barely able to contain himself as he doubled over with hysteria.  My tears had long since dried watching this scene.  I glared at them.  “Well, I’m glad you two are getting a good laugh out of my failure!”
They laughed harder.
I tried to rush out of the kitchen, away from them, but Danny grabbed my arm.  He looked at me softly, moving a strand of hair from across my eyes, tucking it behind my ear.  “Were you trying to cook dinner for us?”
I looked at him and then around at the kitchen.  My anger and my voice broke.  “Trying being the primary word,” I cried.
He laughed again, but this time softly as he wrapped his arms around me and brought me towards his chest.  “Oh my God, Addy.  That’s fantastic.”  He kissed my forehead.  I wanted to argue with him, but his firm, warm hands on my back lulled me into submission as if I were a cat.
As the smoke cleared, I got my first good look at Jack and Danny.  They stood shirtless, wearing only khaki shorts, Oakley sunglasses and hats.  Their tattoos stood out prominently with the minimal clothing and somehow they were already deeply tanned.  They looked like beach gods.
“What are you wearing?” I asked, wiping my frustrated angry tears aside with my thumbs.
Danny looked down at himself.  He grabbed a sleeveless, white, cotton t-shirt from one of our unpacked boxes and tugged it over his head.  “Sorry, we generally run the tours without shirts.  Bigger tips.”
Bigger tips?  What the hell did that mean?
I said the first thing that popped in my head, although more troublesome thoughts were already looming.  “You’ll get burned like that.”
“Not as bad as these pots and pans.  Shit, Addison!  What happened in here?” Jack said, lifting one of my many cooking victims by its handle to rehash the tragedy that had unfolded that afternoon.
I slapped my thighs with my hands, new tears threatening at the edge of my eyes.  “Turns out I cannot cook,” I mumbled.
Danny hugged me again, rubbing my back roughly.  Danny pulled me closer to his chest.  I gratefully leaned into him, letting him take my weight.  “Just throw it away and go get us a pizza,” he said, trying not to laugh again.
Jack clattered the ruined pots and pans into a trash bag and lugged it outside to the dumpster.  When he returned with the pizza he pulled me into a warm hug.  “No worries, sis.  I’ll cook from now on.  Okay?  No need to burn the place to the ground.”  I scoffed a laugh but nodded all the same.  Danny closed the front door pulling me down on the couch next to him.  He pulled me close, tucking me into him.  “I got a job.  I start this weekend,” I said into the fabric of his shirt.
“At the place across the street?” he asked.
“Yeah, but nights only.  I start at four and don’t get off until after midnight.”
I felt his body tense beneath me.  “I thought you were going to be a waitress?”  He sounded weird.
“I am.  I’ll be serving drinks from four until one.”
I thought I heard him growl.  “What?” I asked.
“I don’t like you walking home by yourself at one in the morning,” he said, not looking at me.
I scoffed.  “Walking home?  It’s across the street, Daniel.”  He breathed out, but still didn’t look at me.  He rubbed his hand up and down my spine silently for several minutes, before I felt his breaths deepen and slow.  His hand fell away from me slowly, as his lolled back on the couch.  I flicked his nose just to make sure, but, yes, he was completely asleep.  I laid my head back down, listening to the beat of his heart.  Every now and then he’d move his hand up and down my back again.

CHAPTER SIX
“Wakey, wakey,” Danny and Jack said in some sort of sickening singsong chorus line.
I felt big, warm hands on then soft, fluttering kisses all over my face.  “Get up, love,” Danny said softly into my ear.  “Time to go sailing out on the big ‘ol blue with your men.”
I groaned and grunted but his hands only became more insistent, finally ripping my warm comforter away from my body.  My skin felt the biting cold, immediately curling up into a ball around the first warm thing I felt, which happened to be Danny.  I pulled him down onto the bed, wrapping my legs and arms around him in a vain search for warmth.  He laughed softly, wrapping his arms around me.
“Okay, you win,” he whispered into my hair.  “To hell with work.”  He started kissing down my body with his lips while his hands crept up the hem of my shirt and onto my stomach.  I wasn’t wearing shorts, just boy short type underwear.  My eyes shot open, suddenly very awake.  Danny leaned back from me smiling wickedly.  “Good morning, sunshine.”
He thumped onto the floor laughing as I pushed him off the bed.  I stumbled out of bed, changing into a bikini top and throwing a pair of denim shorts over my underwear, only later realizing that Danny still lay on the floor admiring the view.  Eh, its not like I really minded.  I grabbed a cup of coffee and munched on a piece of pre-jammed toast that Jack held up to my mouth as I passed the kitchen.  By the time we made it to the docks and the coffee was coursing its way through my veins I was wide awake.
A red-cheeked overweight man wearing one of those brightly colored button-up short-sleeved Hawaiian shirts and white dock shoes greeted us.  He handed Danny a clipboard, some sort of checklist I gathered, while Jack loaded the boat with all sorts of fishing rods and coolers.
“Charlie,” Danny said introducing me, “This is my Addison.”  I balked slightly at the introduction, the wording seemed so possessive, but Charlie just smiled down at me as he took the clipboard back from Danny.  It was a warm smile and an honest one.  “Nice to meet you Addison.”  He pointed the edge of the clipboard at me and said, “I’ve known these boys since they were in diapers, so if you break their hearts I’ll have to...well...”
Jack bounced onto the dock.  “You threatening my sister, Charles?” he asked in mock anger.  I still hadn’t been privy to the inside joke of why Jack always called me ‘sister’ or ‘sis.’
Charlie rolled his eyes at Jack but quickly focused back on me.  “And don’t be bad for business,” he warned.  He opened his eyes wide, implying something to Danny that I didn’t quite understand before walking down the dock.
“What did that mean?” I asked.
Danny pulled me close shaking his head.  “Nothing, babe.  Don’t listen to Charlie.”  He kissed me on the forehead, running his fingers through my hair.  I rest my head on my favorite part of his chest, the dip just below his collarbone, and watched the sun peek over the water to the east.  In one blink, the whole world lay illuminated in rich, orange light.  Beautiful.
Jack finished loading the boat with the ease of someone who’d done it a thousand times before.  I knew they’d worked the tourist deepwater boats since Danny was sixteen, still their efficiency surprised me.  They seemed professional.  Jack bounced back on deck one last time and said, “Here they come.”
Waddling towards us, coming from the direction of the parking lot, were seven middle-aged women, probably forty or over judging by their style of swimsuits and hats and three younger women, closer to our age.  Daughters or granddaughters, maybe.
“Are they usually groups of women you take out?” I asked Danny, curious.  I figured this would be more of a male tourist activity.  He breathed in a deep breath.  “It’s sort of the group that Jack and I specialize in.”  He helped me into the boat, before pulling his shirt up and over his head.  When I turned around I realized that Jack had done the same thing.
Bigger tips.  I got it.
By ten am I felt like puking over the side of the boat.  I mean, I wouldn’t be alone, because half the group of women was doing the same, but my upset stomach had nothing to do with the incessant rocking motion of the water and more to do with how the women simply swooned as Jack and Danny catered to them.  They opened their beers (never heard of a bottle opener, bitch?), they taught them to fish, more than once they took their pictures with them (because I doubt the actual fish would make these sluts facebook pages).
I got the pleasure of making the snack tray.  I can neither confirm nor deny I sneezed on the cheese, but let’s just say I told Jack and Danny to steer away from that section.  After I served them lunch, we began to drift back to land.  Most of the women were now chatting with each other, or looking at magazines but one of the young ones kept tossing her hair in front of Danny.  All girls know what the hair toss means.  It’s second only to the forearm touch, which is the ‘seal the deal’ move if I’ve ever known one.
Becky, with a hard ‘k’ or at least that’s how I pronounced it, wanted to drive the boat.  I watched as she sidled her way up to Danny’s left side, brushing her tits against his shoulder, I might add, cackling like a lunatic while she both tossed the hair and touched. the. forearm.
I shoved my way towards the “bow,” I picked up on a little naval terminology, stepping in between Beck - hard ‘k’ - y and my Danny.  She looked down at me with her mouth gaping open and her eyes wide.  I tilted my head, smiled sweetly and crossed my arms in front of my chest.
“Excuse me,” she said, “We were talking.”
“My boyfriend doesn’t talk to bimbos with fake boobs,” I said back flatly.  And then with one outstretched finger, I poked one of the silicone jobs.  It felt hard, definitely fake, as predicted.
Holy shit!  Did I just do that?  I grabbed her hand again and dug through her memories until I felt her lust for Danny and then her pure, shocked rage at me.
Gone.
Becky looked lost, so I smiled sweetly and said, “Ma’am, are you alright?  If you’re going to puke we ask you not do it on the captain.”  Becky smiled back at me and then holding one hand to her temple as if she had a sudden headache, walked aft towards her mother and aunt.
Danny looked back so he could see my face and mouthed, “Did you just poke that lady in the boob?”  His eyes were wide with what looked like a mixture of accusation and amusement.  Jack stepped up to me, all smiles, blocking my view of the women.  “She did, bro.  She poked that girl in the tit.”
“Shit,” Danny muttered.  “Did her family see?”
“No, I figured something was going to go down when Addy stormed up here all Underworld: Revolution on her ass, so I distracted them.”  They both started laughing under their breath.  “I don’t think she’s going to tip us, though.  She looks like she’s about to lose her lunch,” Jack finished.  Hard ‘k’, hard boobs Becky did look really pale.  I hope I didn’t take away more than I needed to.  But then again, maybe there just wasn’t that much up there to begin with, I mused.
“Well?” Jack asked.
“Well, what?” I asked back.
“What did they feel like?  They’ve been bobbing around all day, but I didn’t figure you to be the first of the three of us to grab them.”  I looked disgusted at Jack and then Danny.  I wonder if he’d noticed them ‘bobbing around’ all day.
“They were...hard and completely uninviting,” I said sternly, rolling my eyes and barely controlling my own laughter at the ridiculous situation.  The guys laughed hysterically for a little too long, before Jack realized he was ignoring his guests and returned back to them.  I heard them coo and giggle at a joke he made.
“Come here, babe,” Danny said, pulling me down into his lap between him and the wheel.  He kissed me softly and then not so softly as I ran my hands to the back of his neck, playing with his hair.  “That was hot, you defending my honor and all,” he whispered against my lips.  He looked up at me, his eyebrows pulled together, worried.  “Are you mad at me?” he asked.
I nodded my head, letting out a deep breath.  I flicked my chin at the women.  “You mean, about the big tippers?  Yeah, I’m a little frustrated.”
He licked his lips.  “I don’t look at them.  Not this summer.”
“But they look at you,” I said, shaking my head.  How could they not?  I mean he’s absolutely gorgeous.
With his hand not on the wheel he pulled my chin down so that my eyes looked at him.  “They look at me, they pay me big tips all summer.  I live off of this money all year.”
I fought back my urge to be irrational and angry, again, I’m not counting the boob poke because I erased that.  I just didn’t want to be the stereotypical, irrational girlfriend.  “So you’re fine with stripping off your clothes and waving everything around for money?” I asked.  “What if I did the same?  Maybe I’ll do that at the bar this Friday.”
His smile faded.  “First of all I’m not waving anything around.  I’m taking my shirt off, which is most likely what I would do if I were fishing with people of any gender.  Second, that would really fucking piss me off if you did the same.”
I clucked my tongue against my teeth, breathing out a large, dramatic breath.  Hypocrite.
He pulled his shirt from a basket near the wheel and put it on in one swoop.  True, in the sleeveless shirt you could still see his ribs and both of his nipples from the side, and honestly seeing him clothed only made me think of unclothing him more, but at least I’d won.
I grazed my lips against his tense ones.  It took him one breath, to ease into the kiss and part his lips for me.  “Thank you,” I whispered.
“Pointless,” he replied back, his eyebrows raised as he brought my hand up to rest over his heart.  “Pointless, babe,” he repeated.  I stood up, running my hand through his hair as I left.  He leaned into my touch.  “Just leave the shirt on,” I said, walking away.
“It’s going to ruin my tan lines!” he shouted over his shoulder.
The women, including Becky, tipped the guys almost five hundred dollars.  Thirty percent went to Charlie because he provided the free liquor on the boat, which probably had a lot to do with a tip that size.  Between that cut and the initial price that the client’s paid for the trip in the first place, I assumed that Charlie made some serious bank during the summer time.
We were at a local steakhouse by five pm, showered and watching a movie by six-thirty, and all but me passed out asleep by seven.  I kissed Jack on the forehead, in a very motherly fashion, brushing his bangs away from his eyes and nudging his arm gently until he woke enough for me to convince him into their bedroom.  The convincing stopped however at his choice of beds.  He flopped down on Danny’s, sprawled in all directions.  Nothing seemed to be able to convince him back up at that point.
I returned to Danny’s sleeping (and heavily snoring) form on the couch.  I hated the idea of leaving him there.  His neck would be a wreck in the morning if I did.  I leaned over him, brushing my lips against his.  He sucked in a breath.  I kissed him deeper, deep enough that I felt him moan against me as his hands reached up trying to pull me down on top of him.  I braced myself with one arm on the back of the sofa and the other on the armrest.  “Addison,” he whispered, breathing out my name in his sleep.
“Daniel,” I whispered back, before kissing him again.
I suppose at this point, I should tell you that I pulled back.  That I’m a good girl and I stopped myself from doing something irreversible.  But I’d really had my feathers ruffled by hard ‘k’ Becky and I wanted to claim him.  That’s right, claim, in all its possessive, obsessive, shes-gonna-need-help-after-this, crazy fucking glory.  And honestly I’m an eighteen year old girl and though we may be able to hide it better than eighteen year old boys we’re still horny. as. hell.
I kissed him deeply, running my hands down his sides squeezing them slightly until he jarred awake.  I felt him gasp for a breath as his eyes opened and he realized what was happening.  I leaned into him, kissing him deeper and deeper.  He tried to pull me down on top of him again, but instead I pulled him up, drawing him into my bedroom with one hand behind me.  When he closed the door behind us, I took the opportunity to pull my shirt up and over my head.  He stepped forward, running his hands over my stomach and around my back, popping my bra strap open with one hand.  I pulled at the hem of his shirt, whipping it over his head so that I could run my hands down his bare chest.  His nipples hardened immediately, raising in gooseflesh all along their edges.
I dropped my hands to his pants and unbuckled them so that they dropped to the floor.  He crushed my lips with his, pushing me back towards the bed as he stepped out of them.  I pressed his fingers to the button of my shorts and he quickly had them off of me.  I fell back onto the bed, leaning back as he lay himself over me.  I ran my hands down his hips as he kissed over my collarbone and down my chest.  My fingers played at the hem of his cotton sport briefs.  They were dark grey.  He sucked a nipple into his mouth, flicking his tongue around my areola before exposing it to the cold air.  My back arched up into him as he kissed down my stomach.
Danny’s mouth edged to my panties (thank God I had on the super cute light blue lacy ones) moving the fabric away to kiss underneath.  My body felt unbelievably tight, hot, and quaking.  The epicenter of all of that lay between my legs.  I could feel my wet desire for him, leaking through my panties.
“Danny,” I whispered.
I looked down at him perched between my legs, his muscular arms splayed over my thighs.  His eyebrows raised in question.
“I’m a virgin,” I squeaked, slightly embarrassed.  “Does that bother you?”
He smiled, creeping back up my body so that he hovered over me.  His lips kissed me deeper and deeper until I felt myself melting into him.  “No, it most definitely does not bother me.  It’s probably the hottest thing I’ve ever heard you say,” he answered back, his voice husky with desire.  He kissed me again, lying his weight gently on me occasionally so that I could feel his erection rubbing between my legs.  I felt my body begin to quiver as he reached down and pulled my panties down from between us.  I felt the tip of his finger enter me, shocking me away from him slightly, but then I eased back down seeking out his touch.  He slid his finger into me further massaging me gently with his thumb from the outside.
“You are really wet,” he whispered into my throat as he kissed down it.
“Lick it,” I said forcefully, not really knowing where the words came from.
He leaned over me smiling then kissed me gently on the lips before edging down my body.  I felt his chest and arms between my trembling legs and then I felt his soft, warm, tongue touch me.  The soft, wetness of his tongue shocked me as much as his fingers, so again I jerked away but then just like before, I eased back down to him.  He licked me gently, up and down, in and out.  I grabbed his shoulders and pulled him back up to me.  I tasted me on his mouth, but instead of being disgusted it tasted salty, and unbelievably arousing.  The desire between my legs suddenly throbbed all the way to below my belly button.
I tugged down on his sports briefs, exposing his smooth, round perfect ass.  With my foot I edged the underwear the rest of the way down his legs, flicking them off with my toes.  Danny reached down to his pants and pulled a small, silver wrapper out of his pocket.
My eyebrows flicked up as he tore open the package and with agile fingers rolled it over the full length of his dick.  Jesus, he was well endowed, way over the standard six inches I’d read about in Cosmo.  “You just carry that around with you?” I asked, pointing to the now empty foil package.  He tossed it on the ground, smiling.  “I’ve been waiting on this since the day I met you.  I didn’t want to be a douche and miss the opportunity just because I wasn’t prepared.”
“Luck is where preparation meets opportunity,” I quoted, remembering those corny inspirational posters tacked all over school.  I laughed softly but then yelped as I felt the foreignness of him against me.  His tongue had been silky soft, his fingers insistent but gentle, but this, this was all business.  He nudged my legs further open and I felt the tip of him enter me while he gently kissed my jawline down to my earlobe.  “Tell me to stop if you need to, Addy,” he whispered.  “I never want to hurt you.”
Slowly, very slowly he edged forward, waiting for my body to accept him at its own pace.  With each push I felt myself open further to him.  Then when he seemed almost all the way in, I felt a deep, sharp pain.  “Wait,” I breathed out, opening my eyes.  He froze inside of me.  He leaned back watching me carefully, his face full of worry.  I reached up, crushing my lips against his as I grabbed his butt and pushed him hard down into me.  His eyes clamped closed as his mouth opened in a deep satisfied moan.  The pain exploded throughout my whole body.  I grabbed onto his shoulders hard, digging my nails in, probably breaking the skin.
When I finally relaxed my grip he leaned back slightly.  “You okay, babe? I think that was the worst part.”  I nodded, realizing that we’d just broke through some barrier my body had set-up for just this purpose.  I would never be the same after this, never.  I could feel the length of him running from between my legs all the way deep inside my belly.  I felt full, whole.
He pulled out of me slowly, very slowly until I felt the tip of him almost leave me, then slid himself all the way back in.  Each time he repeated the movement it hurt less, the pain replaced with something else entirely, something raw and beautiful.  When he pulled away I felt my body straining to reach him, my back arching, my legs opening further, yearning for him to be completely inside me again.
I felt his breath quicken and his movements become slightly jerkier.  It felt like he grew inside me.  “Was it possible he could get even bigger?” I thought slightly amazed.  Then his whole body tensed and released long and slow as he let out a deep groan.  I felt a sudden warmth inside me, that erupted into an electric jolt flowing from my core out through every inch of my being, ending at my curling toes and fingertips.
He collapsed against me, without pulling out, breathing heavily.
“My god,” he said still breathless.  “I don’t think its normal for a girl to orgasm her first time.”
I laughed, wiping my sweaty brow.  “Was that what that was?”  I giggled like a ridiculous school girl high on ecstasy.  I couldn’t help myself.  “Oh my god, that was fantastic!”  I yelped out loud, clapping a hand over my own mouth when I realized how loud it was.  Jack probably heard us, heard all of that.
Danny propped himself up on one elbow and with a giant satisfied smile said, “Woman, you’ve lost it.”
I leaned up, kissing him gently before falling back on the pillow.
“Definitely lost it,” I said.
He went to the bathroom as I lay there marveling at what I’d just done.  My body felt different in some elemental way.  I felt like screaming, “I am woman!  Here me roar!”  I giggled a little bit as Danny walked back in the room, closing the door behind himself.  He bent over, tugging his sports briefs back on, allowing me a view of his delicious back and stomach muscles one more time.
“What are you laughing about?” he asked, crawling on all fours to lay beside me.  I reached out stroking his face.
“I’m just happy,” I answered, rolling into the space between his side and his arm, tucking my head into the curve of his neck.

CHAPTER SEVEN
I woke up the next afternoon, sore, hungry and incredibly lonely when I realized Danny wasn’t still in bed beside me.  There was a second note atop the bedside table.
I didn’t want to wake you.  You looked so unbelievably peaceful.  But I think leaving you here alone in this bed is the hardest decision I’ve ever made.  We’ll be back from work at 3.  I want to see you before you go to work.  Love Daniel
There it was again, that word “love” at the end of the note.  I crushed the paper to my naked chest, closing my eyes so I could relish the moment.  I felt erased and I do mean that in the sexual sense.  I think I should open a Twitter account just so I could coin the phrase.
I felt like everything Addison Franklin was before last night was gone and in her place was this aroused, sexual deviant that belonged to and equally owned a man.
Dripping wet from my extra long shower I finally glanced at the clock, 1:30 pm.  I scrunched some of my ‘curl enhancer’ cream into my hair and blew it out just enough to get that beach goddess look before blowing out my heavy bangs.  I’d need to get my hair trimmed soon; they were hitting me a little too low on my eyes.  Sultry changes to shaggy really quick, any girl with bangs knows that.  I put a little black eyeliner on, then some mascara, finishing with a little red-tinted lipstick.  I swear my lips looked fuller today; maybe they were just as swollen as the rest of me.
I tossed on a pair of denim shorts and a yellow, old school style Marvel Wolverine t-shirt.  Wolverine was my favorite superhero, well, other than Ironman but really Ironman just happened to be a badass with a high IQ and a penchant for weapons and high-powered toys.  Wolverine actually had some sort of genetic thing going on, like me, which made him a real superhero.  Anyway, my manager told me to dress like I was going to a beach party and I always wore Logan to parties.  Finishing off the look, no-show socks and tennis shoes.
I sat on the sofa, plugging the first Ironman DVD into the player.  Tony Stark is so hot.
Clock 2:30 pm.
I grabbed some toast with strawberry jam, because that was the one appliance in the kitchen the guy’s allowed me to man alone.  I added in a glass of orange juice.
Clock 2:45 pm.
I clicked my iPhone out of my purse and scrolled down the list of contacts.  Truthfully, I didn’t have that many.  My thumb landed on Serenity Valley Health Center.
I pushed the Call button.
“Serenity Valley Health Center, How can I help you today?” asked a nasally, but sweet voice.
“My name is Addison Franklin, I was wondering if I could speak to my mother Sarah today?”
I chewed on the base of my thumbnail.  Biting your nails is a bad habit, you shouldn’t do it.
“Let me check on that Ms. Franklin.  Please hold.”
Standard horrible elevator type music blared a little too loud over the speaker.  I held the phone away from my ear until I heard the receptionists voice come back over the line.
“Ms. Franklin?”
“Yes.”
“Dr. Sham-” I know, right, Dr. Sham is a name just made for jokes - “says you are more than welcome to speak to your mother so long as you remember the protocol?”
“I know,” I repeat, ripping the last bit of my chewed nail off.  I flicked in on the carpet beneath my feet.  Gross.  I’ll vacuum that later.  I promise.
“Let me transfer you to the common room.  Thank you Ms. Franklin.”
Click.
Ring, ring, ring.
Another voice, this one male.  “Hello Ms. Franklin.  I want to make sure you remember the protocol?”
“Of course.”
“Alrighty, here you go.”  His voice dribbled off and I heard him calling, “Sarah, Sarah, Sarah, you have a phone call!”
My mother’s timid voice came over the line, “Hello?”
“Hello, Sarah.”
“Who is this?”
It’s me momma!  “It’s Addy, your friend’s daughter.  We were neighbors, remember?”
“Oh, Addison!  How could I forget you dear?  How are you?”
“I’m good mom...  ma’am.  I’m working at the beach, in Texas.”
A gasp.  “Oh my goodness, Addison.  You’re all the way in Texas?”
“Yes ma’am.”
A sigh.  “Oh to be young.  I remember what it was like to be free like that.  I hope you are having fun, Addison.  Are you there with friends?”
“Yes ma’am, my boyfriend Daniel and his brother.”
A disapproving cluck.  “Two boys, Addison?”
“Sweet boys, momma,”
A pause.  “What’d you call me?”
“Nothing, Mrs. Franklin.  Look, it was very nice speaking to you.  I have to go.  I’ll call next month I promise.”
A long sigh.  “Yes dear.  Tell your mother I miss her.  She needs to call me.”
“Yes ma’am.”
Click.  And my mother is gone.  I let the phone fall between my legs, clunking to the ground.  I wiped away a few tears from my cheeks.
Clock 2:55 pm.
Before you jump to conclusions I need to tell you that I didn’t brain zap my own mother.  She thinks that her daughter was stillborn eighteen years ago.  Me, Addison standing right in front of her, she believes is the daughter of a make believe “neighbor” that lived next to her my whole life.  That’s how she compensates for knowing details about my life without actually knowing me.  It happened two years ago, out of nowhere, when I turned sixteen, which also happened to be the first year I knew I had my power.  Trust me, I haven’t failed to see the possible connection.  It drives me crazy thinking I had anything to do with my mother ‘losing it.’  She went to Serenity Valley and due to the fact that my father left before I was born and my mother was an only child to a grandmother that died in 2006, I was left alone.  One thing I did have was a huge ass trust fund, courtesy of awesome Grandma.  Unfortunately, Granny was also a whiz with the legalese.  It had severe limits on when and what I could use the money for.  Tuition, yes.  Designer shoes or trips to Jamaica, no.  Momma had one too, and it more than covered her medical care costs at Serenity Valley.
I’d tried staying near her, in Arkansas, but soon it got around that I lived alone, had a lot of money, and in flew the vultures.  Sycophant friends and the man whore wannabe boyfriends, that really just wanted to fuck me or get me to buy them things (neither of which I did, by the way).  I made the mistake of brain zapping a few of them, Michael for example, and then I ran away.  I picked a state, Texas, at random, picked a college, Abernathy, at random, and met Daniel, totally at random.
Clock 3:01 pm.
The guys breezed in the open door all sweaty, tanned, and lightly fish smelling, which normally would be gross but somehow worked on Goldins.  Danny leaned over me on the sofa; one arm braced on the armrest the other near my head on the back.  His arms came around me and he kissed me deep, and insistently.
“Get a room!” Jack said walking, past us.  “Oh wait, you already did!”
I broke away from Danny’s lips, laughing.
Jack slumped down on the sofa next to me, fish taco in hand.  “He’s been intolerable today.  We only made $250 in tips because he kept rushing the customers.  I think he was trying to make them sick so we’d have to come home early,” he mumbled between bites.
Danny kissed me again, and then smiled at Jack.  “What are you doing, eating?  I thought you were cooking for Addy tonight?”
Jack flicked up an eyebrow.  “I need a snack before I slave away in there!” he laughed.  He shoved the last bit of taco in his mouth and jumped up off the couch.
“You don’t have to cook for me Jack,” I said, giggling as Danny kneeled down in front of me and proceeded to trail light kisses from my earlobe to my collarbone and then down my arms to my wrists.  Jack smiled and said, “Nope, I’m going to show you how it's done.”
I saw him unfold a brown paper package, revealing thin strips of delicate white meat.  He shook salt, pepper, chili powder, judging by the jars bright red contents, and garlic powder over the fish fillets.  He put a bit of oil in a brand-new, un-Addified, skillet and tossed the fish in the pan.  They sizzled, immediately filling the apartment with that envious “the neighbors are grilling” smell.  I tried to watch the rest of his preparations but Danny pulled me up into his arms and carried me to my room.
“Fish will be ready in less than ten, bro!” Jack called.
Danny closed the door with his heel and dropped me on the bed.  He pulled his shirt off and then mine, in less than one second.  There goes my bra.  And my shorts.  I didn’t even see him take off his.  I fell back on the bed taking him with me.
He kissed me deeply as I felt the growing wetness between my legs.
Danny kissed down my neck and then back up to my ear.  “Are you too sore?”
“No clue, but I don’t see any harm in trying,” I purred back.
His hands trailed down to my panties (I now realized I needed to buy a supply of only ‘cute’ underwear) and pulled them off, trailing the tips of his fingers languorously down my legs.  When he brought his hand back up I tilted my pelvis in such a way that I met him.  His fingers slid into me and, yes, I was sore.  But the soreness only made the feeling more intense.
“I want you inside me,” I whispered into his ear.  He groaned reaching for his pants again, pulling out another small, silver wrapper.  He opened the package with his teeth and rolled the condom over the length of him.  I spread my legs like some sort of wanton sex slave and as soon as I felt the tip of him, shoved my body down engulfing him whole.
He groaned deeply, pressing his forehead into the curve of my neck.
“Oh, fuck you're tight today,” he murmured.
I was sore.  Really sore.  But, my god, it felt good.
I grabbed the curve of his butt and shoved him deeper into me with each stroke.  Within minutes his whole body tensed along with mine and we came.  Hard.  Together.
Clock 3:12 pm.
I giggled against his chest as he rolled off of me.  “Did we just have our first quickie?” I asked.
He laughed, deep and hearty and said, “Yes, but only because Jack will kill me if we don’t eat the dinner he cooked us.  Plus you have work.”  He rolled back over, kissing my puffy lips while he ran his hand from the tip of my ear to the end of my chin.  “I’m pretty sure I could stay inside you all day,” he breathed out.
“You mean stay inside with me all day?” I asked.
He cocked an eyebrow.  “No, I mean stay inside you all day.”
Two loud knocks on the door.  “Dinner’s ready!” Jack yelled.
When we emerged from the room, me shame-facedly trying to act like nothing happened and Danny clearly relishing in the fact, Jack eyed us both but merely smiled and shook his head.  I noticed he still hadn’t put a shirt on, but he had a dish towel draped across his forearm.  He bowed as I came near and said, “Madame, your dinner is served.”  He pulled out my chair for me and then tucked it underneath me as I sat.
On the plate was a piece of perfectly grilled fish, white with those awesome looking golden, black stripes on a bed of rice with diced up tomatoes, pineapples and a bunch of other things that I didn’t recognize.
“This looks really good, Jack,” I said, picking up my fork.
He sat down on his side of the table and said, “It will taste better than it looks.”
I dug my fork into the meal, trying to get equal portions of everything on the plate and brought it to my mouth.  Let me tell you, I don’t know if a tongue can have an orgasm or if I was just riding some pleasure wave that started with Danny and ended with this meal, but needless to say it was good.  The fish melted in my mouth and the weird tomato/pineapple things exploded with juices both tangy and sweet while the rice just absorbed all that flavor and made it even better.
“Oh. my. god. Jack.  That’s fantastic!” I said my mouth still full.
Jack nodded his head, but didn’t comment.  He was too busy finishing off his own plate, as was Danny.  The food disappeared all too fast and before I knew it I was satisfied as a fat cat.  I leaned back while Jack gathered our plates and dumped them in the sink.  I helped wipe down the table with a wet sponge while Jack cleaned the dishes and set the pan to soak.
Clock 3:45 pm.
Danny swayed into me and said, “Time for work, lady.”
Not for the first time I wished I’d taken him up on his offer to be a ‘kept woman’ this summer.  The idea of schlepping tables all evening wasn’t near as appealing as spending it with Danny wrapped around me and inside me.  But I had to go to work.
I pecked him a goodbye on the lips and grabbed my purse.  He reached out for my wrist before I made it to the doorframe and turned me into a full blown kiss.
“Don’t ever give me that half-assed peck before you leave again,” he whispered, “I want all of it or nothing.”
I kissed him with ‘all of it’ one more time.  Then with a wink (that I stole out of his playbook) jogged down the stairs and across the street to my work.

CHAPTER EIGHT
I spilled three drinks my first hour.  I hadn’t realized how much coordination was needed to carry a small round tray at shoulder level until I realized that all the drinks were shaped and weighed differently.  To add to that I had to perfect this spin maneuver that allowed me to drop the drinks off without slowing down.
“Just spin, grab, plunk,” said Mikaela, my perky, blonde, perfectly shaped counterpart, while demonstrating how to distribute drinks quickly.  She’d been working at the restaurant when I applied and I’d noticed her then.  Perfect almond-shaped, honey-colored eyes, blonde hair in a thick braid down to her waist, perfect boobs, perfect butt, perfect combination for me to hate except for the fact that she was really, really sweet-natured, helped clean up all three of my messes and very patiently taught me.
She showed me again with one of the small whiskey sour glasses.  I also had to learn about a hundred drinks by name and sight; did I forget that torturous part?  “Spin, grab, plunk, carry on,” Mikaela repeated.
Three hours in, my back ached, my arm felt like it was a useless noodle suspended out from my body, and my feet were numb.
Mikaela showed me how to stretch my neck, not by rolling my head around my shoulders like most people did but by pushing your chin deep to your chest and then pushing it out and away from your body.  She taught me quick stretches that helped my back and lower legs too.  Mikaela taught yoga and pilates during the day...like I said, perfect, hateable body.
I hit my stride around ten pm, spinning and plunking with the best of them.
Clock 12:45 am.
I made $45 in tips.  Mikaela said that was really good.  I cringed at the thought of how much the guys made on one boat trip.
Our manager, Ricky, clocked us out and we headed out the door.
“So you’re from Arkansas?” Mikaela asked.
“Yeah, but I’m at Abernathy college.”
“I know someone who goes there,” she said with a sad smile.  She popped open one of those flip-up VW keys when we neared a dark, blue Bug.  “Do you need a ride?” she asked.
A familiar arm suddenly embraced me from behind.  I turned into him melting within his slow kiss.  When we broke apart I said, “What are you doing here?”
“I told you I couldn’t stand the thought of you walking home alone.  I’m still half asleep, but I’m here.  Let’s go.”  He took my hand in his and we started to turn.
“Danny,” Mikaela’s shaky voice said from behind us.  I turned to see her normally bubbly personality had gone completely flat, her face pale.  Danny, as if seeing her for the first time, looked equally pale.
He gripped my hand hard.  “Hey Mickey,” he said to her.
Mickey?  Oh shit, they know each other.
“Hey Minnie,” she replied back to him, forcing a half-smile.
Inside jokes, worst case scenario.
“I didn’t know you were back in town,” Mikaela said her voice still shaky.
“Yeah, me and Jack are working the boats like every summer.”
Mikaela looked around herself.  “Jackson’s here too?”
Danny sighed, squaring his shoulders while still clutching my hand.  “Yeah, Mickey.  Jackson’s my brother.  Of course he is with me.”
Mikaela fiddled with her hair, shuffled her feet, not looking up at him.  “Of course.  Of course he’s your brother, Danny.”  She turned to her car, ripping the door open and nearly falling inside.  “It was nice seeing you Dan.  I’ve got to go.”
Danny took a step forward, “Mick, It’s fine.  I’m over it.”
She looked up at him.  I could see tears threatening to spill over.  “I’m not.”  She wiped away one tear with the back of her hand.  “Shit, I’m sorry.  I have to go.”  She turned the key in the ignition starting the Bug with a buzz.  She leaned back in the seat so she could see me better.  “It was nice meeting you Addy.  See you tomorrow.”
She drove off, literally leaving a trail of dust behind her in the parking lot.
Danny stared after her for a while and then turned back to me.  I raised an eyebrow.  “What the hell was that about?” I asked.  He sighed deeply, and then reached out running a finger over my cheekbone.
“Addison I’m barely awake and I have to actually be awake in four more hours.  Can we save this conversation for another day?”
I desperately, I mean fucking desperately, wanted to know what the hell that was all about, but Danny did look exhausted so I let him lead me home.
He got at least two hours of sleep.
~
I didn’t see him before I went to work the next day, which only furthered my resolve to interrogate Mikaela a.k.a. ‘Mickey’ at the first opportunity.  Sure it was Saturday night, the restaurant was packed with tourists and more than a few regulars, being the only bar in town.  So it wasn’t obvious that Mikaela was avoiding me until just before midnight, when we both slipped outside for a break.  She sat on the wooden railing smoking a cigarette.  The breeze was quick enough that it blew all her smoke away from us and didn’t bother me much.
“Hey Mikaela,” I said in a soft voice.
She looked over at me, biting her lower lip before taking a long drag on her cigarette.
“Hey Addy,” she said back, looking out to the ocean.  I edged closer to her.
“So, you know Danny?” I asked.
She scoffed and took another big drag from her cigarette.  She raised one eyebrow.  “Yeah, I know Danny.  We dated for six years, seventh grade through twelfth.”
Shit.
“Serious, then?” I asked, the knot in my stomach growing more painful each second.
She shrugged her shoulders and then laughed under her breath.  She took one more drag off her cigarette and then flicked it into the sand below us.  I’d make sure she did the trash circle run tonight and picked that up herself.  “Not serious enough for me not to sleep with his little brother, I guess,” she said bluntly, without hesitation or anger, just honesty.  She held up two fingers and with a sad smile added, “Twice.”
Not. Expected.
“Shit,” I said, not meaning to say it out loud.
“Shit,” she mimicked me, putting another cigarette to her lips and lighting it.
I laughed a nervous, stupid laugh that just bubbled up out of my throat causing Mikaela to look at me with her mouth gaping open and her eyes wide.  I covered my mouth with one hand and held my palm out to her with the other.
“I’m sorry, Mikaela, that’s completely not funny.  But when I,” I searched for the words, “When I saw you two last night.  I was fully prepared to come out here and kick your ass and defend my territory or something.  I...  I don’t know what I was thinking.”
Mikaela smiled at me, flicking the ash off the end of her cigarette.  “Good,” she said just before taking another long drag, “I’m glad Minnie has someone who’d kick my ass for him.  He deserves that much.”
Her honesty warmed me to her.  “So what the hell happened?  I mean, Danny’s perfect!” I shouted.
A laugh forced its way out between her lips and she smiled.  “Oh, Lord, you’ve got that Goldin girl glow,” she mumbled.
“Goldin girl glow?” I asked.
She arched one eyebrow up at me.  “That’s what we called it in high school.  Those boys-” she shook her head - “Christ, when they look at you, it’s like feeling the sun on your face after a long winter.  She described my feeling exactly, about Danny at least.  She took another long drag from her cigarette, burning it almost halfway through.
“Jack lost his virginity when he was 14...to me.  I kept it a secret from Danny and then the night after we graduated high school, I slept with Jack again.  Danny found us the next morning,” she blurted out.  She shrugged her shoulders and continued to smoke her cigarette while I stared at her dumbly.  “Hate me if you want,” she added.  I really did want to hate this girl, but the way she just put it all out there appealed to me.  Very few people did that.
“Did you love him?” I asked.
She arched her eyebrows, “Which one?  Danny or Jackson?”  She sighed.  “I loved, no, love them both.  We grew up together.  I lived right next door to them.  We were the three stooges growing up, inseparable.  It was natural to start dating Danny even though I never really felt ‘in love’ with him, you know?”  I just sat there dumbfounded so she continued, “Anyway, one day, I turn around and Jackson is taller than me and he looks different and smells different-” she sighed, audibly, and her whole body relaxed as she closed her eyes, seeming to relish in the memory.
“So one day when Danny was at work on the boats, the summer we were 16, Jackson and I, well, you know.”  She flicked her second cigarette butt into the sand.  I was definitely making her do the trash circle tonight.  She lit another one right on its tail.  “We knew what we had done was wrong.  Jackson was destroyed about doing something like that too his older brother, whom he idolized.  So, we just tried to forgot about it.  Jackson-” she flicked her hand dismissively, “became Jackson and I stayed with Danny.  But I never forgot what he felt like, his hands and his lips on me.  My body felt electrified when he touched me.  When he walked in the room-” she stopped, closing her eyes.  She inhaled one long breath through her nose.
I knew the feeling.
“So when we got drunk at this graduation party we threw together on the beach.  I just took Jackson behind a sand dune and did him.  Danny found us the next morning, asleep, naked-” her eyebrows arched as if even she were scandalized by what she was saying.  “They got in a massive fight.  Danny broke Jackson’s nose.  And then Danny disappeared for the next three months.”  She took a long drag from her cigarette and made no sign that there was anything left to her story.
“Where did he go?” I started to ask, but was interrupted by Ricky screaming at us from the door.
“What in hell am I payin’ you girls for?  Get in here and serve the customers their last rounds!”  He slammed the screen door shut.  Mikaela flicked her last cigarette butt into the sand and smoothed back the flyaway hairs that escaped from her braid in the wind.  She nodded towards the sand and said, “I’ll do the trash circle tonight.”
“Thanks,” I replied though I had already sorted that much out.  Mikaela stepped towards the door hesitating with her hand on the knob.  “I was never in love with Danny.  I am really glad that he’s happy.  He never looked at me the way he looked at you last night.”
She walked into the bar, leaving me stranded with a lot of information that perhaps I shouldn’t know.  I should hate her, but I didn’t.  I should want to claw her eyes out, but really I only wanted to because she’d possibly hurt Danny, not because she’d been with him in the first place.  I finished my shift in a fog and when I stepped out into the late night air, I was happy to let Danny scoop me up into his arms and walk me home.
After I’d satisfied my new appetite, the one that seemed to flare up the second he touched me and we lay entwined together sweaty and satisfied near sleep I murmured, “I spoke to Mikaela tonight.”  He sighed deeply and then his eyes fluttered open to look at me.
“Well,” he said in a low whisper, “Knowing Mickey you now know everything.”
I smiled, “So she’s that honest about everything.”
His jaw clenched, “The only time I’ve ever known Mickey to lie was about Jackson.  Until then I didn’t even know she was capable of lying.”  He wrapped me closer to him, pushing my stomach flush with his chest.  He half-laughed.  “She used to get us into so much fucking trouble.  As soon as an adult questioned her about anything, she’d crumble.  It was horrible.”  He leaned up kissing me gently on the lips, trying to stop my questions maybe, but I pushed him back.
“She said you vanished for three months.  Where did you go?”
He breathed out a long, tired breath through his nose.
“I just jumped in the Impala and drove.”
I eased away from him so that I could watch his face.
“But where did you go?”
He let out a long sigh as his eyebrows tugged together.  “I don’t feel comfortable telling you,” he said.  That pissed me off.  I began to crawl away from him.  He tugged me back down into bed.  “I was really depressed,” he finally muttered over my grunts at my failing escape.  “I...I'd been taking care of my little brother since I was six years old and then I felt like he just stabbed me in the back.  So I just became really careless."  I stopped dead.  Images ran rampant through my brain.
“What does that mean?” I asked, knowing exactly what it meant.
He let go of my arms.  “I drove all the way to Florida, got a gig taking out boats in the Keys.  Partied a lot, drank a lot, had a lot of one night stands..."  His voice faltered as he looked up at me.
I fell back on the bed.  I mean, I kind of gathered from his skill level on me that he wasn’t exactly new to the game.  But it still hurt.  I felt tears brimming to the surface so I covered my eyes with my hands.  I felt Danny shift beside me, coming closer.  He propped up on one elbow and gently kissed the back of each of my hands.  “Please don’t be mad at me for something I did before I knew you?” he whispered to my covered face.  I jerked my hands away, semi-slapping him in the process.  I dropped them to the bed, on either side of me.
“Why would I be mad?” I said through clenched teeth.  “I mean, I just met the love of your life, whom I work with, and then I find out that you screwed every woman in North America after she broke your heart.”
He breathed out on a laugh, edging closer to me, pulling my clenched arm away from my side, so that he could lie in between it and me.  My fingers felt the curve of his butt.  I tried not to get distracted.
He kissed the tip of my nose.  “Mikaela was most definitely not the love of my life.”
“You dated her for six years!” I cried out.
“She was my best friend!” he pleaded, “I was young and she was there!”
I scoffed.  “She told me about the ‘Goldin Girl Glow’, Danny.”  I made finger quotations around the catch phrase.  “I’m sure there were plenty of girls there.”
He smiled.  For some incoherent reason I wanted to slap him really hard.
“There were, yes, and I did not avail myself of them.”
I closed my eyes halfway.  If my arm had been free I would have crossed it with my other one on my chest and huffed.
“Just availed yourself of others on your road trip then?” I asked.
He sighed, lying down beside me.  “Addison...”
"Wait," I seethed, "When you say 'careless' you don't mean..."
His voice changed in a heartbeat.  Now he sounded angry.  "I was always safe Addy.  I would never disrespect a woman by not using a condom.  I'm not fucking stupid."
“How would I know, Danny,” I spat back.
He bolted upright, jumping off the bed.  "You see, this is why I didn't want to tell you.  I don't want you to judge me for who I was then.  I want you to judge me for who I am now!"
He dropped to his knees at the side of the bed.  “Please don’t judge me for stuff in my past.  I would never do that to you.”
I raised my arm theatrically.  “You don’t have to!  I was a VIRGIN!”
He leaned back up and kissed me, crushing his lips long enough and firm enough against mine that I felt my anger melting away, consumed by this new feeling full of want and love.  I couldn’t stay mad at him, it was impossible.  He pulled away and whispered, “I really wish I had been a virgin for you.  It would have been...amazing to give that to you like you did to me.”  His words started to drone out as I felt that familiar hot tug of desire between my legs.  I ran my hands down his back, up and over the curve of his naked butt.  “It would have been awesome to have had sex for the first time with the first girl I ever loved."
Huh?  What?
He smiled at my look of shock and awe.  He kissed my eyes and the tip of my nose and finally my lips.  “I love you, Addison.”  His eyes focused on mine.  “And I’ve never said that out loud to any girl, ever.  You can ask Mickey if you need proof.”
I didn’t need proof.  I could tell by the look on his face, the depth behind his eyes, the touch of his skin and hands and body...
“I-” I struggled to say the words I felt through every fiber of my body, heart, mind and soul as Danny kissed me with some new fervor.  “I love you, too, Danny,” I finally rushed out when he came up for air.
It was a good thing he didn’t have to work the next morning, because we didn’t sleep at all.

CHAPTER NINE
I, unfortunately, did have to work on Sundays and it was the only day of the week I had to work during the daytime.  “Post-church crowd,” Jack mumbled between bites of his Honey Nut Cheerios while watching the Avengers on DVD.  Danny nodded in agreement leaving me slightly stupefied.  Ricky had said the same thing to me the night before.  Apparently those three words were code for something in Texas.
As it turns out they were code for, “This place is a madhouse.”  I’m pretty confident that every family with every screaming child in a thirty-mile radius came to eat at the restaurant that day.  I never thought I’d be so happy serving late-night drinks, until I burned my wrist for a third time on a piping hot lunch plate.  Around three pm, with the crowd still not slowing down, Danny and Jack sauntered in and snagged a booth in my section.
“What do you two want?” I said, a smile on my face.
Jack looked up from the menu, “You’re not cooking it are you?” he teased.
“Umm, no.  Just serving it.  Though, I’m doing a poor job even at that.  I’ve burned my wrist three times on those damn plates.”  I held my right wrist out, showing the large red whelp forming.  Danny’s eyebrows tugged together as he inspected my wound and planted a long, kiss over it.
“I’ll have a burger, sis,” Jack said, flicking the menu closed.  “Same,” said Danny.
I whisked into the kitchen, placing their order on the top of the pile.  Technically we weren’t supposed to do that, but I didn’t really care at that point.  I refilled drinks, nodded and smiled when I child threw a french fry (with ketchup) at me, I took in my meager tips (one family left me seventy-five cents, really?) and when I brought out the guy’s burgers I took my mandatory break from Ricky, sitting down with them.
I snagged a few of Danny’s french fries, but mostly just slumped against him, exhausted.  This is your body after having too much awesome sex, I thought in the monotone voice of those old anti-drug commercials.  “You okay, babe?” Danny asked, between bites.
“I’m tired, is all,” I answered back leaning into him further.  He brought one arm up and tucked me into the crook of his shoulder, while chomping on his burger from the other side with his free hand.  I closed my eyes for just a second and must have fallen asleep leaning against him.
When I woke up the table and entire restaurant stood eerily silent.  I sat up, realizing how tense Danny’s body felt underneath me and looked across the table.  Jack sat stiff as a board, his face white but with a long, red mark across one cheek.  Mikaela stood, her hands on her hips, huffing in his general direction.
“Mikaela,” I said, standing up, realizing that the entire room was staring at her.
She ignored me  “How dare you come in here after what you did to me?” Mikaela half-screamed at Jack.  I realized sometime around then that the red mark on his cheek was just about the size of her hand.  She’d slapped him, hard.
“Mickey,” Danny said slowly as if he were talking to a wild animal.
Mikaela pointed a finger at him, “You shut up Minnie!  Just shut up.  He hasn’t told you everything.”  She turned back to Jack who sat looking between her and his brother, getting paler and paler, in fact turning a bit green.  I felt pretty confident he was going to puke up that burger he’d just eaten.
“What in the hell is going on, Mickey?” Danny asked.
“He!” she pointed a finger at Jack again.  “Disappeared back in April.  Just left me!  Abandoned me!” she shrieked.  “The last time I saw him was at the women’s clinic.”
Oh. Shit.
Ricky came out from the kitchen, took one long look around the dining room and said, “Free desserts for every family!”  A few tables, I’m pretty sure the tables including the kids that did not need more sugar, cheered but most were just quiet, rapt with the drama unfolding in front of them.  Ricky stormed towards us.  “Mikaela, Addison, whatever this is take it outside.  Now!”  He glared at us for a moment and then spun around hurrying the hostess from her normal spot towards the kitchen.  Looks like she’d be a waitress for the next few minutes.
Mikaela stood completely frozen aside from her heaving chest hitching in and out on ragged breaths.  Jack stared only at his brother.  Danny swooped up from the table, grabbing his shirt collar and literally dragged him outside.  Jack, for all his size, had never looked smaller.  I followed with Mikaela staggering behind me.
Danny shoved Jack into the sand, behind the restaurant, beneath the outdoor deck.  Jack stayed where he fell.  I thought I saw a few tears running down his cheeks.  Danny stomped in front of him, hands on his hips.
“Jackson,” he seethed, “You have thirty seconds to explain to me what the hell is going on.”  Jack leaned back on his heels, his palms flat on his thighs as he looked up at his big brother, not even trying to control the tears that ran down his face.
“Danny, I didn’t...”
“You did!” Danny shouted, leaning into his face, making him cower.
Jack raised his hands, “Okay, okay, ease up.  Please don’t hit me, Dan.”
Danny staggered back, took a deep breath and he said, “I told you when I came back last August I would never hit you again.  You’re my brother.”  He looked to Mikaela who was openly sobbing, clinging to herself as if she could barely stand.  “But I need an explanation about what is going on.  And it better be a fucking good one, Jackson.”
Jack took in one deep breath and said, “After you left to Abernathy, Mik and I...carried on.”
I saw Danny’s jaw and fists clench, but after a breath he relaxed.  “And...” he said, encouraging his brother to continue.
Jack raised his hands, “Well, you know me.  I’m fucking stupid and useless!” He slapped his hands on his thighs.  “Around Valentine’s Day, I got wasted I guess and I didn’t have a condom and we just decided to...do without.”
Danny let out a ragged breath.  “Jesus Christ, Jackson-” he turned to Mikaela “-and you.  What the hell?”
Jackson leaned back on his heels, licked his lips.  “So we found out in April that she was two months pregnant.  I was scared as hell, Dan, but I swear I was sort of happy.  I don’t know, man.  But then one night, Mikaela started bleeding.  We drove to the clinic.  She lost the baby.  She went in and while she was in the room I ran out on her.  Got drunk, got in a fight, got charged with assault, charges were dropped to a simple drunk and disorderly.”
Danny ran his hands through his hair, “And I came and bailed you out and took you to Abernathy with me.”  He breathed out a long breath, all of us silent, taking a step towards Mikaela, he reached out to cup her elbow with one hand.  “Mickey are you alright?”
She nodded stiffly.  Danny’s eyes seemed to plead with me, so I did the only thing that felt even semi-appropriate.  I took Mikaela in my arms and let her sob on my shoulder.  She wrapped her arms around me and cried like I’d never seen anyone cry before.  I thought for just a moment that I could erase her pain, but that would only complicate things.
I vaguely heard Danny saying something to Jack who was now standing, wiping tears from his own face roughly.  He neared us and said, “Mik, I’m really sorry about leaving you in that place alone.”
She backed away from me, her tears suddenly dry and her face set in a stern line.
“You. Disposed. Of. Me. Like. A. Piece. Of. Trash,” she raged.
Jack shook his head.  “I never meant it like that.  I freaked out.”  His voice broke and I suddenly realized how young Jack was, not just in the sense that he was two years younger than us but on an emotional level.
Mikaela didn’t seem to notice.  She punched him right in the face, busting his lip before storming away towards the restaurant.  Danny walked between us, taking my hand in his.  “You fucking deserved that,” he said to his brother.  “You need to make this right with Mikaela.  I’m serious Jack.”
Jack dabbed at his bloodied lip and nodded numbly.  “I will Dan, I promise.”
Ricky leaned over the railing staring down at us.  “Are you coming back to work Addison?  Or am I hiring a new waitress tonight!”
“I’m coming, Rick!” I called up to him.  “But Mikaela needs a day off.”
Ricky rolled his eyes and then nodded his reluctant consent.  Which was a good thing because I just caught the tail end of her VW’s taillights buzzing out of the parking lot.
The day closed out fairly uneventfully, other than the fact that I had to wait on all of the tables, while covering for Mikaela’s absence.  I flipped the sign on the door from Open to Closed at six pm and trudged out the door.
I began walking towards our apartment when I noticed Danny and Jack’s familiar forms sitting on the beach.  Danny had his arm over Jack’s shoulders and was leaned into his ear saying something in a whisper.  I felt slightly bad about interrupting the moment, but Danny spotted me and waved me over before I could flee.  I sat on Danny’s other side, trying not to notice that Jack sat busily wiping tears from his eyes again.
We watched the waves crash into the sand.  Two little girls in hot pink swimsuits were busy making a sand castle near the waterline.  I wondered if they knew their castle were doomed, that it would just wash away by nightfall.  “So,” Danny breathed out finally breaking the silence, “turns out my little brother is in love.”  Jack covered his face with his hands, making some exhausted groaning sound as he fell back on the sand.
“With my ex-girlfriend of six years, whom he cheated on me with behind my back-” he said in an angry tone but with an undercurrent of something else.  He smiled.  He’s about to laugh, I thought.  Shaking his head, he continued, “and then knocked up and left for dead at a hospital.”  He shoved his brother’s leg with his foot and said, “Christ, Jack why don’t you go after someone really unattainable?”
He watched Jack for a long time and sighed.  “I saw how you looked at her over there.  And after what you’ve said to me this afternoon...”  He ruffled Jack’s hair, in that playful big brother way, and said, “Fuck it.  I’ve been over that shit for a long time.  Clearly you two got a lot to work out but it’s between you two.  Has nothing to do with me, Jackson.”  He reached to me and twined his fingers with mine, gripping me tight.
Jack looked up from beneath his arm.  “You really mean that Danny?”
Danny nodded.  “I really mean it bro.”
Jack nodded, scrunching his lips together as if he were fighting back a few more tears.  He exhaled loudly.  “Thank God I have the most forgiving brother ever.”
“I love you, Jackson.  Don’t ever doubt that.”
“I love you too, Danny.”
Sigh.  Bromance moments.  Epic.
The next few weeks passed by quickly.  The guys racked up over a thousand dollars in tips in the time it took me to make less than two hundred.  Danny and I moved his bed into my room and sold the twin size to a group of kayaking guides two beach houses over.  We had the whole room to ourselves and we utilized every inch of it.  I’m not joking.  When I got my period, we moved our extracurricular activities to the shower.  You want a cure for cramps ladies, get a guy you love to fuck your brains out with hot water cascading all down your body.  Problem.  Solved.
Jack, for what it was worth, made an admirable effort to grovel at Mikaela’s feet every chance he got.  Ricky ended up banning him from the restaurant because they made a “scene” twice.  Mikaela, and truthfully I liked her more because of this, didn’t budge an inch.  “Dammit,” she said, slamming her phone back into her purse.  She raised her eyebrows at me.  “One hundred and fifty-nine messages, Addy.  That’s how many ‘I’m so fucking sorry’ messages I’ve read over the last two weeks.”
I smiled at her while piling my tray with bottles of beer.  We had a large group of frat guys from Houston tonight, which meant lots of cheap beer would be sold and consumed.
“He really is sorry, Mik.”  I’d picked up on the shortened version of her name that only Jack used.  “He’s been moping around the apartment ever since the Sand Deck Showdown.”  That’s what I called it, because it was on the sand and below the deck and, well, you know...  “And trust me, Danny is totally over anything about it.”  Totally.  He’d assured me of his commitment to me in truly mind-bending ways.  If it bothered him that his best friend from childhood had once cheated on him and been impregnated by his brother, he was hiding it really well.  It was in fact him that consoled Jack on a daily basis with his “Mickey will call.  She will, Jackson.”
Mikaela’s jaw clenched just as she crossed her arms over her chest.  “Do. Not. Care,” she muttered.
She cared.  No one could be that mad if they didn’t care.  I sighed, picking up my tray with the familiar ease that came from weeks of muscle memory and twirled out of the kitchen.  I breezed through the tables passing down beers and baskets of fried “beer food” including onion rings, jalapeno poppers and chili cheese fries.
“Hey gorgeous,” one guy called out as I passed.  I raised my eyebrows, not making any comment on the name he called me.  “Customer’s Always Right!” rang in my head every time I felt the urge to smack someone.
“My beer’s warm,” he said, lifting it to his lips and swallowing the last bit of it down.
“I’m sorry about that sir, I’ll get you a new one.”
One of his friends sitting next to him, nudged him on the elbow as if he’d actually achieved something.  I eyed him carefully and then said back to Frat Number One, “Do you need anything else?”
“Your number,” rolled off of his tongue as easy as silk.  Nice.  On the Hot or Not scale I put this guy at a solid six, which means he’s used to getting his way, but I can tell by his mannerisms and his clothing (basketball shorts and a polo, really dude?) that he is not. my. type.  Never would be my type, even if Danny and the rest of the male population died off from some flesh-eating, zombie-turning disease and it was just this guy and me left with the mission of repopulating the earth.  The human species would end.
I smiled cutely.  “I have a very serious boyfriend with anger management issues and besides I don’t date customers.”  I turned my back to the crowd of boys (because that’s what I knew they were by that point) making a mixture of rude comments and catcalls to my back.  I let the swinging kitchen door fall closed behind me before I put my hand on my chest and actually thought about the situation.  That guy looked really pissed.
The group of guys stayed all night, bought all our cheapest beer, dwindled our stock of frozen onion rings to nil and left a tip of twenty bucks.  Seriously, a group of thirty plus guys that Mik and I waited on for over four hours left us a combined twenty dollar tip.  Unbelievable.
We finished cleaning up just as Ricky started the bookkeeping for the night.  We waved goodbye as we walked past his office.  He grunted, in the response I’d become familiar with meaning he was doing the ‘business’ part of the business and was not to be disturbed.  Mik flipped the sign hanging on the door from Open to Closed and we walked out into the warm, balmy night.  We could see the fires from the frat guy’s campground on the beach.
“Those guys were fucking obnoxious,” she said, popping a cigarette in her mouth and lighting it all in one smooth movement.  “Twenty dollars, seriously?” she asked me mockingly.  “Thanks Butch and Joe Bob,” she said in a sarcastic lowered voice towards their camp, “That ten dollars made my work today so much more fulfilling!”
“Actually my name is Nick,” came a voice from behind us.  I knew it belonged to Frat Number One.  He stepped out of the shadows, wearing his same basketball shorts but he now had a dark green zipper hoodie on.  His hands were in his pockets.  “And I have a way you two girls can make a bigger tip.”  It wasn’t the words he used, although those were fucking creepy enough, but the way he said it, like he’d been imagining it all night.
Mikaela flicked her nearly finished cigarette butt at him.  “I have a license for a concealed handgun, buddy.  My father was a raging alcoholic and I had to shoot him once.  So I definitely won’t hesitate with you,” she said, holding one hand in her purse.  If she had a handgun I’d never seen it.
Three more frat guys stepped out of the shadows.  I took a step back towards Mikaela, really hoping that her threat wasn’t a bluff.  “Shit,” she muttered under her breath just loud enough for Frat Number One to hear it.  His lips curled into a smirk and he stepped towards us.  “I don’t think that’s true, Blondie.”
I had to do something, I had to do something quick.  I stepped out, pushing Mik’s arm off of me as I did so.  I tilted my head, hoping to look as seductive as possible.  “Can all you guys come here for a second?” I said in my best imitation of a Lolita porno voice.  I tugged a piece of my hair through my lips.  Why did porn girls and models for Sports Illustrated do that?  What was so sexy about eating your own hair?
Frat Number One looked over his shoulder and chuckled.  “Told you the brown haired one would play?”  Him and two others stepped forward.
“I want to see who has the biggest hands,” I said in that tone.
Frat Number One chuckled and said, “Why?”
“To see who goes first,” I asked.
They all giggled.  I don’t know if frat boys are supposed to giggle, but they did, and the offer obviously intrigued the final Number Four because he threw his hand in the pot too.  With their arms outstretched I was able to touch all of them at the same time.
I’d only done this once with a group of people, and I knew it would hurt, but I also knew it would hurt a lot less than a gang rape.  As soon as I touched their hands I was bombarded with a truly stupid number of disgusting memories and ‘dreams’ about Mik and I.  I erased all of them.  Then I changed just enough so that they would be intrigued by something else all night.
I felt my body jolt away from them.  My head felt like it was going to explode.  I lifted my forearm to my nose, because I knew it would be bleeding.  I felt Mik’s hands on my shoulders as she pulled me back to her chest.  “What the hell?” she asked leaning over me, and looking at my bloody nose.
Then the Frat guys all did exactly as I told them too.  It’s a bit shameless what I did, but I did it anyway, because they deserved it.  They all started making out, and I mean hardcore.
“What. The. Fuck?” Mikaela said from behind me, watching the truly horrendous show.  For all their talk, they really didn’t seem to know how to do anything properly.  Mik pulled me down the small wooden stairs and practically dragged me to our apartment, using my keys to unlock the door and shove us inside.  She locked the deadbolt and turned on every light in the place, shocking Danny and Jack, who lay passed out on the couch with the new A-Team going full blast on the flatscreen.
Danny jerked up when he saw the blood running down my face.  I pinched the bridge of my nose and tilted my head back.  “It’s just a nosebleed,” I mumbled in that weird closed nose voice.
Mik turned to me after slapping Jack’s hands away.  “Fuck that, just a nosebleed.  We were just attacked by a bunch of drunk frat guys!”
“What?” Jack and Danny said in unison, both their fists clenching.  “Where the hell are they?” Jack said, looking out the window.
“They’re on the deck of the Fish Chips!  But they are...well I don’t know how to describe what they’re doing.”  We all moved to the window in time to see Ricky flip on the porch lights exposing four frat boys in various stages of undress jump up as he hosed them down with cold water.  Ricky screamed at the top of his lungs, until he ran them off the restaurant's property and onto the beach.
“What. The. Fuck,” Jack muttered staring out the window.
Mikaela laughed, “That’s what I said!  One minute they want to gang rape us then they went all Brokeback!”
Danny looked at me as I held my fingertips to my temples Professor X style.  His brow furrowed as he looked back out the window.  The frat boys were long gone, probably doing it beside their campfires now, freaking out the rest of their ‘brothers.’
Danny leaned back, draping an arm over my shoulders.  He tipped my chin up as I released my fingers from my nose.  The blood had stopped.  “Come on let’s get you cleaned up,” he said pulling me to the bathroom.  He grabbed my waist and lifted me up on to the sink counter while he grabbed a washcloth, running it under warm water.  I tilted my head back while he wiped away the blood.
“Your superpower, huh?” he asked.  I nodded my head.  “So what’d you lose?”
“What?” I asked, slightly disoriented by how he was talking about it like he believed it was real.
“When you waste somebody you lose something.  That’s what you told me.  So what’d you lose?”
I smiled.  “If I knew what I lost then I didn’t really lose it, did I?”
He dropped the bloody washcloth into the sink and leaned into me.
“You still love me?”
I kissed him, answering yes, with my hands running up into his hair.
“You still love my Impala?”
I nodded, definitely.  That car was hot.
“And not just because it’s like the one from Supernatural?”
I was a little confused at that.  “What’s Supernatural?” I asked, honestly not understanding.
Danny’s brows tugged together.  “Are you joking?”
I wasn’t.  I didn’t know what he was talking about.  “It’s your favorite TV show, Addy.  Sam, Dean, Castiel, Impala, shotguns...”
I shook my head, clueless.  Then his face changed and awareness washed over him.  He leaned into me, staring into my eyes.  “You’re telling the truth about this whole superpower thing, aren’t you?”  I leaned up, careful not to break eye contact.  I nodded slowly, my eyebrows raised in that “yeeeees” nod.
He breathed out a sigh and smiled.  “Well, then, this should be fun.”  He took my hand, pulling me off the countertop.  Jack and Mikaela had stepped out onto the porch.  She was smoking and they appeared to be in some intense conversation, but since neither one of them was yelling we left them alone.  Danny, without letting go of my hand, reached to the top shelf above the TV, pulling down a large DVD set case.  It had two good looking guys on it, one with short cropped hair and a brown leather jacket, the other with shaggy hair and big puppy dog eyes, in a blue jacket.  The cover read Supernatural Season 1.
I loved it.  I mean that’s the best show I’ve ever watched.  I can’t believe I’d never heard of it until that night.

CHAPTER TEN
Somewhere around Season 4 of Supernatural (because that’s how I timed things now since that’s what I watched all morning when I was alone in the apartment), specifically Season 4, Episode 9, where Sam, Dean and Ruby were interrogating a red-headed angel-hearing prophetess, someone started knocking on our door.
I paused my show and peeped through the eyehole, even though I had no intention of answering it.  It had been weeks since the Frat Boy incident, but the night had left me slightly paranoid about all the tourists that came and went through this place.  Plus, I was still in my booty short style pajama shorts and a white t-shirt with no bra.  Not exactly guest attending attire.
Through the peephole I could see a rumpled old man, though he couldn’t have been over forty, with dark salt and pepper hair and startling blue eyes.  I’d seen the eyes before; I lived with two exact copies.  This must be there dad.
“Danny boy!  Jackson!  It’s your dad!” he yelled, confirming my suspicions.
I dropped down from the tips of my toes and took two long breaths.  I knew just enough about this guy to land him firmly on my “Never in Hell Going to Open the Door” list, but I couldn’t exactly send him away either.  He was there dad.
I moved the curtain away from the small window by the door, peeking my head out.
“Mr. Goldin!” I shouted through the glass, getting his attention.  He turned around eyeing me once over carefully, before smiling.  Same eyes.  Same smile.  “Jack and Danny aren’t home right now.  They’ll be at the docks around 4 pm.  You can see them there.”
He leaned close to the glass and said with a smirk, “Let me in girlie.  I need a drink and a place to sit.”  Alarm bells, like the ones you sometimes see in cartoons, went off over my head.
“Not gonna happen, Mr. Goldin.  But you can meet the guys at the docks at 4 pm.”
He hit the door hard with his fist before shuffling down the stairwell.  I didn’t see him cross the street or a car drive away, so I had to assume he was still sitting down there.  I grabbed my phone and hit Call on Danny’s number.  No answer.  Not surprising since his phone never picked up out on deep water.  I scrolled through the numbers and landed on Mikaela’s.  She spent the occasional afternoon and night with us now.  She and Jack were still really awkward around each other on occasion and definitely were not ‘together’ but she fell into our group pretty easily otherwise.  I considered her my best girl friend since Angie in high school.
Her drowsy voice picked up.  “If this is one more revelation about how much you love Sam Winchester I’m going to kill you, Addy.”
I brushed away her comment.  “Mik, I think Danny and Jack’s dad is sitting below our apartment.”
The phone line went silent.  I heard the phone drop to the floor and then some cursing and moving around, before it finally got scraped up off the floor.
“Do not go outside, Addy.  Did you call Danny?”
I began chewing on a nail.  “He’s out in deep water today with a bachelor party.  He won’t be back in range until around three this afternoon.”
“Okay, do not go outside.  Call Ricky and say you’re sick today.”
“Mik, should I be worried?”
She made a grunting noise.  “Not once Danny gets back.”  I heard her shift the phone as she moved around.  I think she was getting dressed.  “But...just don’t go outside.  He’s probably drunk off his ass as usual, or coming down and in need of money which would be a thousand times worse.”
She breathed out deeply, muffling the line.  “Just stay inside, watch your Winchester boys and call the guys every hour on the hour until you reach them.  Don’t let them walk in unaware.  Kay?”  I looked out the window again.  Maybe he’d left by now.
“Yeah, I got it. Mik.  Bye.”
“Adios Addy,” she said.  The phone lit up its red ‘End’ picture and I was left alone.
I called Danny again, knowing that it wouldn’t connect, but the action made me feel better.  Then I called Ricky and claimed food poisoning, which probably wasn’t a good excuse since I ate there every night, but either way he said I could have the night off.
I watched two more episodes of my Winchester boys, as Mik called them, munching on the lunch that Jack left for me in the fridge.  They no longer trusted me even to make my own lunchtime sandwiches after I tried to toast one one day and burned a loaf of bread to a crisp.  He’d left chicken salad in a tupperware container today.  I spread it on some whole wheat bread, along with some Organic spinach leaves and grabbed a handful of chips and a Sprite.  I ate quickly trying not to glance towards the window every five seconds.
I called Danny again.  It was two pm and he might be close enough to shore to receive calls again.  Nothing.  I called Jack, just in case.  Nothing.
I clicked play on another Supernatural episode and paced.  Sam and Dean just blew some monster away.  Demons seemed to be a growing problem of late.
Called Danny again. Nothing.  3 pm.
Finally, I heard their voices echoing from the beach.  Jack’s roaring laughter and then Danny’s voice cutting over it, yelling something at him happily.  I peeked out the window, they were counting their tips, just stepping off of the beach sand, divvying them up between themselves when Danny looked up and stopped dead in his tracks.  Jack walked straight into Danny’s back, as their father came towards them, his arms outstretched for a hug.
Jack moved to stand beside Danny, but Danny shoved him back slightly, taking a very protective stance.  I couldn’t hear what they were saying but Danny dragged Jack past their father and up the stairs.  I threw open the door in time for them to walk in.  Danny eyed me carefully and I admitted, “He’s been here all day.  I tried to call you.”
“Phone was dead,” he said without emotion.  I slammed the door closed behind him.  Jack pulled out his phone, “Shit, I’m sorry I didn’t hear it ringing.  There are three missed calls from Addy,” he said to Danny.  Danny bit his lip and turned to the door just in time to see his father cross the path of the window and begin pounding on the door.
“Should I call the police?” I asked, not knowing what else to say.
He shook his head, “I’m sure they already know he’s here.  They’re probably the ones who released him.”
Jack looked at Danny as their father’s racket grew louder on our porch.  “We can’t leave him out there.  He’ll beat the door down!”
“I’m not letting him in here Jackson.  That son of a bitch left you alone for over six months, by yourself.”
This was the first I had heard about this.  Jack shrugged his shoulders.  “I’d already quit school.  I had that welding fence job.  It’s not like I was a kid.”
Danny’s eyebrows tugged together.  “You...are a kid, Jackson.  You weren’t even seventeen.  And he never should have let you quit school anyway.”
The door rattled on its hinges.  “Boys!  You let me in right now!”
Danny ripped the door open, causing their father to half fall, half stumble into the apartment.  He pulled his feet up underneath himself and straightened his red polo shirt.  He looked first at Danny, then Jack, then me.  He pointed a finger at me.  “This little bitch left me out in the heat all day, boys.”
Danny grabbed his shirt and shoved him back, knocking his father’s body hard against the wall.  He held him pinned.  “You watch your fucking mouth in her presence, you fucking loser.”
I’d never seen this side of Danny.  It scared the shit out of me.  Jack took one step, putting himself between them and me, taking the same protective stance I’d just seen Danny use for him.  I looked around his shoulder to see Mr. Goldin holding his hands up in a submissive pose, bumbling his way through an apology.
“Shit, Danny Boy.  I didn’t know she was a keeper,” he laughed.  “I figured her for a throwback,” he added, staring at me head to toe one more time.  I’d heard these terms before, from Jack.  A ‘throwback’ was a fishing term for a fish you hooked, admired for a little while, and then tossed back out to sea.  A ‘keeper’ is pretty self-explanatory.  Before Mikaela came back in the picture, Jack had burned through a few ‘throwbacks.’  I really hated the fact that these terms, along with their eyes and smiles came from this man.  He made my skin crawl.  Danny made no further comments, and Jack just maintained his stance protecting me so his father rather nervously changed the subject.
“I need the key to my house boys.”
“We sold it,” Jack said.  One more thing I hadn’t heard about.  Their father and I both exclaimed in unison, “What?”
Danny nodded his head.  “Contract closed on it two weeks ago, Bill.”  So their dad’s name was Bill, and that was what Danny called him.
“You little conniving son of a bitch!” Bill screamed but didn’t move a muscle.  “And where’d the money go.”
“Most of it went to what you owed on it.  The rest was split between all the bars in town, paying off your tabs.  You don’t owe anybody anything anymore.”
“I also don’t have a place to live you filthy little shit!”  Bill moved to slam his fist into Danny’s jaw, but Danny grabbed his arm and jerked it backwards behind his back, slamming him once again into the wall, face first this time.  “You are no longer welcome in my home,” he said into Bill’s beet red ear.  “You come near me, my brother, or my girl again and I will call the police.  Understand?”  He jerked Bill off the wall and with his free hand opened the door, tossing him out onto the porch.
“I mean it, Bill.  Don’t come near Jackson...ever.  You understand?”
Bill licked his thin lips, without answering, before walking down the stairs.  Seconds later I heard a ratchety engine turn over and an old beat up faded green Cutlass pull out of our parking lot.  Danny closed the door, leaning his forehead against it.  Jack turned to me and asked, “Are you alright?”
I breathed out a short breath.  Am I all right?  Danny must have taken my silence for something else because he walked over to me and put both his hands on either side of my face.  “Addison?”
“I’m fine,” I said brushing his hands away and stepping back.  “I don’t understand what I just saw, but I am fine.  Are you okay?” I asked seriously worried.  He leaned into me kissing my forehead before he crushed me to his chest.
He looked at Jack and asked, “Does Mickey still live in her same place?”
Jack nodded.
“Call her.  Tell her to come over here tonight.  He’ll head straight over there most likely.”
Jack pulled his phone out of his pocket and slid the pad of his thumb over the screen.  He held it to his ear.  “Mik,” he said.  “You need to come over here.  Bill’s on a rampage.”  He nodded his head and rolled his eyes.  “I know you have the fucking pepper spray, Mik.  But we want you to come over here after work.  So pack your shit and stop bitching at me.”
Silence.
“Fine!” he shouted before slamming the phone down on the coffee table.
He looked up at Danny and said relatively calmly, “She’ll be here after work tonight.”
“Have you ever tried, I don’t know...being nice to her.  Might work better?” Danny half-laughed.
Jack shrugged his shoulders but then a certain epiphanous look came over him.  Danny shook his head smiling that ‘big brother knows best’ lopsided grin, before looking down at me.
“I called in sick,” I said.  He breathed out a sigh of relief and hugged me close to him again.  “I wish you’d let me in on exactly what the hell is going on,” I said into his chest.  “That way I could at least react appropriately and not just stand here all stunned.”
He kissed the top of my hair and said, “Tonight.  I promise, okay?”
We watched Prometheus after dinner, blackened fish and wild rice which was delicious.  Jack held ‘Master Chef’ status as far as I was concerned.  After putting me in lockdown and with my cell phone charged and the line open with Danny, I watched out the window as both of them walked to the restaurant and escorted Mikaela to the apartment.  She tossed her bright purple duffle bag to the floor and flopped down on the couch beside me.  “This is silly guys.  Like I haven’t seen Bill drunk before.  He was that way, well, the whole time we were growing up.”
Danny toed her bag with a foot, shoving it out of the walkway.  “Yeah, well, he at least had a home to crash in back then.  Now he has nothing.”
She crossed her legs on the sofa schoolgirl style.  Jack sat on the armrest next to her.  I noticed for the first time in a long time, she didn’t move away.  “So why’d you two sell the house?” she asked.
“Because Jack had creditors calling in debts, that’s why.  The bastard filed for bankruptcy but then transferred the second and third mortgage on the house to Jack,” Danny answered.
Mikaela slumped back into the couch, taking a deep breath.  “Jerk,” she muttered.  She rubbed her eyes with her knuckles.  “Well,” she sighed out, “Where am I crashing?”
“My room,” Jack blurted out before anyone else could answer.  Danny raised an eyebrow but it was Mikaela that grabbed her bag and walked into Jack’s room, closing the door in his face before he could follow.
He turned back around and said, “Guess I’m on the couch.”
“I’d say so,” Danny muttered beneath his smug smile.
Danny and Jack took their showers right after work, so I had plenty of hot water to soak in when I stepped in after Mikaela’s quick one.  I let the hot water cascade down my body as I closed my eyes, relishing the heat of it.  I always loved long, hot showers.  My mom and I lived in an apartment complex one time with a boiler.  The hot water never ran out.  You could stay in there for two hours straight, and the temperature would never waver.
In this shower, I only had a solid half hour.  I scrubbed my shampoo (coconut) and conditioner (orchid flower) in and rinsed it quickly.  Shaved my legs and armpits and soaped up the rest of me in three minutes flat.  That left twenty-seven minutes to simply stand in the hot water.  I closed my eyes, raising my chin so that it poured down the front of my body.
I felt hands close around my stomach and Danny’s body come in close behind me.  I leaned into him, enjoying the fact that all eight inches of him was ready and willing.  I turned around, standing up on my tiptoes to kiss him.  The water splashed in my face, so I closed my eyes.  Danny ran his hands down my thighs, picking me up as he slammed me against the wall of the shower, driving all the way into me in a single stroke.  He groaned against my mouth as my lips parted from the shock of it.  He held me up with one arm, his arms were getting so strong working on the boats all day, and braced his other one against the wall.  He stilled suddenly, trying to control his orgasm.  He leaned his forehead against my chest, breathing hard.  He didn’t have a condom on and though I’d been on the pill for almost two weeks; I knew he still had mental reservations about coming inside me.  But I really wanted him too.  His body tensed, as he took a long deep breath and pulled out of me.
“What are you doing?” I begged wantonly.
“You weren’t ready,” he said, kissing me deeply.
It was true.  The angle just didn’t do it for me and the water stole my body’s own wetness away instead of adding to it, despite what porno films and even a few romantic comedies would lead you to believe.
Danny turned around grabbing the soap.  I stole it from him and lathered my hands.  I ran my soapy fingertips down the hard folds of his abs and then down into the furry patch of hair leading from his belly button to his cock.  I twined my fingers around his shaft and squeezed hard as I cleaned the length of him.  He leaned back against me, groaning loud.
I stretched up on my tiptoes, resting my chin on his shoulder so I could whisper in his ear.  “I want you to come inside of me, Danny.  I know it will be the first time you've ever done that with a woman-" when I found out he'd never been completely bare with anyone but me a week ago it drove me completely 'bonkers horny,' another colorful term I learned from Jack and Mikaela.  "Let me be your first, please," I whispered before sucking on his earlobe gently.  I traced the curve of his ear with my tongue until he groaned.  He reached around, rubbing his hands over my butt, grabbing it.  He turned so that the water ran between us.  I continued to play with him as the soapy bubbles rinsed off.  “All clean?” I asked.
“Clean enough,” he said, shutting off the water and picking me up with both arms.
I grabbed my giant cotton towel, wrapping it around us, before he threw open the door and walked the three steps to our bedroom.  He kissed me ravenously as if he’d never kissed me before, falling down atop me on the bed.  He ripped the damp towel out from under us, leaving me completely wet, naked, and exposed.  He ran his hands up and down my body, until I relaxed into them, feeling that intense, growing pressure just below my naval forming.  Danny held my thighs down with his hands and licked me firmly on my sex.  I moaned loud as he continued to lick, suck and kiss me in the way he knew I loved.  I felt a small orgasm shudder through my body.
Danny crawled back up kissing me on the lips ravenously, as he pushed his dick deep between my legs.  I felt him all throughout my belly, relishing in the feel of his nakedness inside me.  It had been my idea to go on the birth control pill.  I couldn’t stand the thought of even that small bit of latex between us.  I wanted him, all over and inside me, with no barriers.
He glided in and out of me, both of us shuddering and groaning with the raw, physical effort of the act.  I felt my second orgasm building slowly, and then as he groaned loudly and I felt his hot come spread inside of me for the first time, I exploded.  I screamed out, writhing beneath him from the pure ecstasy of the biggest and best orgasm I’d ever experienced.  He collapsed over my chest, breathing hard as I giggled beneath him.
“That was so worth the probing at that doctor’s office!” I exclaimed.  “I mean I got seriously worried when she pulled out that big metal thing called the speculum, but that was so. worth. it.”
I rubbed his back as he gently pulled out of me.  But this time, instead of feeling emptiness, I still felt his presence.  It tingled.  He leaned up on an elbow and kissed my jawline down to my right earlobe, before collapsing beside me.  “I’ll admit,” he sighed, “That was pretty fucking awesome.”
I leaned up and looked down my stomach, spreading my legs slightly.  “Messier, though.  I think we need another shower.”
He breathed out heavily and said, “In a minute.  I need...a minute.  I’m spent.”
I kissed the tip of his nose and then his lips, gently parting them with my tongue.  “You still owe me a conversation, Mister.”  He grunted in response, but his eyes fluttered open.  He rolled on to his back, resting his hand on his chest.  “What do you want to know, Addison?”
I propped up on one elbow so I could see his face.  “Everything.  I want to know everything about you.  Good or bad.”
He closed his eyes, his eyebrows pulling together.  “There’s a lot more bad than good, I think.”
I kissed him gently and said, “Not possible.  Not considering the man I see in front of me.”
He sighed, a soft smile playing over his lips.  Then he started to talk, and he talked for the next two hours straight without me interrupting.  He told me about his father beating his mother, his mother running away in the middle of the night, abandoning their father (who deserved it) but him and Jack too.  He told me about his father disappearing for weeks at a time and how he had to mow lawns and deliver newspapers so that he could buy a few cans of Chicken Noodle soup and some bread and cheese to feed Jack.  He told me about how around the time when he was fifteen, he resented Jack for all of it (but really none of it) and how he hit him a few times out of frustration and the simple fact that he was the only one to blame, because he was the only one around.  How that same year their mother made contact and helped them out with money, so at least when their deadbeat dad disappeared they could eat.  He told me about losing his virginity to Mikaela after she lost hers to Jack.
All of that added up to a pretty tragic story, but what really made me cry was that laced through all that bull shit were horrible beatings.  Tears dripped down the side of Danny’s face when he told me how he would take two beatings, his and Jack’s, so that Jack didn’t ever have to get hurt.  Sometimes it worked, but mostly Danny just passed out in the middle of it and woke up to a bleeding, crying Jack anyway.  It wasn’t until he was eighteen that Danny stood up to their father.  He was too big and too angry to take that shit anymore.  He nearly killed his dad, strangling him.  It had been Jack that saved his life, jumping on Danny’s back and pulling him off their father.
“And then I went to Abernathy and met you,” he finished, wiping his eyes with the back of his hand.
I knew I was still missing things from the storyline, but I’d heard enough for one night and could fill in the rest some other time.  I leaned over and kissed him, pulling myself up on top so that I could wrap my whole body around him and kiss him long enough and with enough force that I hoped I could make him forget if only for a moment.  In the back of my mind, the idea that I could really take it away played over and over, but it was unthinkable.  All that hardship had made Danny into the man I loved, like a piece of coal formed into a diamond, after a lifetime of unthinkable pressure.
I made love to him twice more that night, only succumbing to my powerful orgasm after he did each time.  I wanted to make sure that every minute of his life from here on out was as pleasurable as possible.  I wanted to show him how much I loved him.
Just before sunrise I rolled over to him, playing my fingers through his hair.  He lay almost completely asleep, his mouth parted on a breath.
“I love you,” I whispered.
He pulled me closer to him and whispered back, “I love you, too.”

CHAPTER ELEVEN
We rolled out of our bedroom sometime around noon, holding hands.  Mikaela and Jack sat on one sofa, both digging industriously into bowls of cereal while watching an old episode of The Vampire Diaries.  Danny flicked an eyebrow up as he sat on the second sofa and noticed what was playing.  Jack held up his hands innocently and pointed to Mikaela.  “Her choice man!”
Danny rolled his eyes as I sat down beside him.  I took a big, juicy bite from a Gala apple.  I haven't quite adjusted to their fondness of sugary cereal, preferring fresh fruit instead.  “Is this Season 2?” I asked.
Mik nodded chasing a few stray Cheerios with her spoon in her milk.  “Yep, before Elena turns into a total bee-otch.”
Jack suddenly interested says, “What’s she do?”
Mik answered without missing a beat.  “Sleeps with her boyfriend’s brother.”
My eyes froze open, my mouth mid-bite but Danny just shook his head, crunching on his cereal with a smile.  He brought a bit of cereal up to his mouth asking, “Is that some sort of an apology, Mickey?”
She cast her eyes down, shrugging her shoulders.
He finished chewing his bite, while watching her.  “You know, Mikaela, I wouldn’t allow you in our home if I hadn’t forgiven you a long time ago.  I don’t know how many times I have to say that to you and Jack.”  His eyes fell on them both, but they didn’t notice.  Jack sat staring at Mikaela, who sat staring at the floor.  He nudged her leg with his knee and in a movement so small that most people wouldn’t have noticed, she lifted her ankle and rested it over his.  Jack let out a huge sigh of relief, still staring at her, but Mikaela just turned her attention back to the TV screen.
“I mean,” she said letting out her words on an exhale, flinging a hand at the screen, “I could really care less, because the show doesn’t get hot until Klaus comes on the scene.”
Danny smiled into his cereal.
“Speaking of hot,” Mikaela continued, “Are you two always that loud when you screw?”
I answered, “No,” just as Jack said, “Yes.”  He rolled his eyes at Mikaela and nodded his head emphatically.  “Always,” he added to her laughter.
“Christ,” she muttered, setting her empty cereal bowl down on the carpet beneath her feet.  “I almost came listening to that porn fest last night.”
Danny cringed, groaning.  “Too much information, Mickey.”
“What!” she laughed.  “I wasn’t thinking of you!  Just the sounds in general.  Shit, it sounded like you two were...”
“Mickey!” Danny laughed, stopping her mid-sentence.
She waved her hands up in surrender.  “Fine, Minnie!  I’m just sayin’ it sounded hot.”  She mimed zipping her lips, closing them with a padlock and throwing away the key.  Our attention turned to Caroline, a blonde cheerleader vampire, as she prepared for the big school dance.  In TVD there was always a ‘big school dance’ on the horizon.
“What’s with the Mickey and Minnie thing?” I asked before taking another juicy bite of my apple.  Mikaela smiled at Danny who smiled back at her.
“No story really,” he said.
“He said my name was too complicated when we were in-” she looked at Danny and Jack for confirmation but both just shrugged their shoulders “-3rd grade, I think.  Anyway, I hated the name, Mickey.  I thought it sounded like a boy.  So I started calling Danny, Minnie.  Just one of those stupid things that stuck, I guess.”
I sighed tossing my apple core in a wastebasket to the left of the TV.  I’d perfected the shot, I admit.  “I’ve never had friends like that.  Nicknames and stories from the 3rd grade.  It must be nice.”
Mikaela smiled and reached over grabbing my hand.  She raised her eyebrows and said, “Well, you do now.”
I kind of loved Mikaela in that moment.
With the men well ensconced watching The Vampire Diaries (they’d purchased the whole last season on iTunes before we left) Mik and I walked to work.  There had been no sign of Bill all night or day so we decided it was best not to skip again.  I tied my apron strings in a quick bow over my denim shorts in the back room.
Mikaela was busy texting someone on her phone, chewing on a nail at the same time.  I leaned over her to catch a look at the screen.  Jackson Goldin clearly labeled at the top.  She spotted me and jerked the phone screen to her chest, her cheeks flaring up red.
“Don’t spy on me!” she giggled.
I raised my hands and backed away from her, but I couldn’t control the smile spreading on my face.  “I didn’t see anything,” I said.
She tossed the phone into her purse and said, “I know you and Danny are all cool with it, but I’m still not giving it up so easy.”
I looked at her face again and shook my head.  “Yeah, because the flushed cheeks and bitten bottom lip doesn’t say anything!  You're a cliché new adult novel waiting to happen."
She grabbed a bottle of ketchup from the restock shelves and hurled it at me, laughing.  I dodged it narrowly.  "What's a 'new adult' novel?" she asked playfully.
I leaned over grinning like a loon and twirled my hips.  "It's like a young adult novel with less sexual tension and more actual sex."  I waggled my eyebrows up and down.  She fell back on the bench and covered her eyes as if she had swooned.  I straddled the bench and lifted her arm, smiling down at her.
“Stop!” she said.  “Let’s just...get him past his 18th birthday so I’m not a confirmed child molester and go from there.  Okay?”
I dropped her arm as she sat up, staring at me.  I lifted my hands in question.  “But, I mean, you’ve already molested the ‘child’ more than once, though, right?”
She stood up and pointed an accusing finger at me.  “You,” she grinned, “Have just been confirmed a meddler.”  She waggled her finger at me while making the ‘mmm-hmm’ duck face with her lips.  She brushed a few stray hairs back into her braid looking in our small, beat-up mirror attached to the wall.  “What are we doing for Danny’s birthday anyway?” she asked.  She turned to me with a smile, “You do know his birthday right?  July 27th?”
I cringed on the inside.  I’d shared myself intimately many times over with Danny, but I’d honestly never asked him the date of his birth.  In fairness, though, he’d never asked mine either.  Mine was April 14th, the exact day he met me.  Mikaela shook her head and turned back to the mirror.  “Well, it has to be big.  Danny turns 20.”
Another question I’d never asked Danny.  “Danny’s turning 20?”
Mikaela’s eyebrows darted up.  “Well, he had to take a year off school after he came back that August...”
She cut off mid-sentence and turned to me.  “This is stuff you should ask Danny,” she said hesitantly,  “I mean, we’d clearly cut off communication between us.  The only reason I know is from what Jack told me.”
Ricky swung open the door leaning in with his eyes wide ‘You girls are killing me!’ look that he sometimes had when he wanted us to get to work pronto.  Mik rolled her eyes at him and smiled cutely.  He shook his head and let the door swing closed behind him again.
I stood shoving Mikaela out the door and to the kitchen where we picked up our trays and notepads to take our first orders.  Monday nights usually were easy, mostly predictable regulars who came in to eat their burger, and drink their beer before they headed home.  Others clustered in the corners with the television sets, soaking up Ricky’s satellite TV ESPN channels.  Ricky was clever, though, you couldn’t stay for more than an hour without ordering something.  So there was always a steady stream of cheap appetizers and drinks ordered, but even those added up after a while.
Around nine o’clock, a familiar face walked into my section sitting down in a gloomy booth towards the back of the floor.  I walked to the table hesitantly, but was quickly shoved out of the way by Mikaela who took up a Wonder Woman style hands-on-hips stance in front of me.
“What the hell are you doing here, Bill?”
Bill smirked up at her and winked.  “Hey Mickey.”
She leaned down, hands flat on the edge of the table.  “You know I don’t like you calling me that.  My name is Mikaela or Miss Thompson, to you.”
Bill scratched his two-day old beard and nodded.  “Right, only Danny Boy calls you Mickey.”  He leaned back into the booth, running his hands down his torso exaggeratedly before flicking his eyes back up to Mikaela.  “Now, my other son, Jackson, that you also slept with.  What’s he call you, again?”
Mikaela lowered her voice, “You son of a bitch.”
Bill shook his head.  “No, no, my mother was actually nice.  Now, Danny and Jackson’s momma, she was a real-”
His voice cut off abruptly as Mikaela tossed a half-full glass of water from a nearby table in his face.  Ricky, sensing the fight, rushed to Mikaela’s side.  “What’s going on here?”
Bill, busy wiping his wet face with a napkin didn’t answer.  Mikaela turned to Ricky and flicked a thumb back at Bill.  “This man has to leave.  I doubt he can pay anyway, so he needs to leave.”
Bill slapped a huge wad of twenty dollar bills on the table.  “I suggest you control your help, sir.”
Ricky’s cheeks flushed red, looking between Bill and Mikaela.  He turned to Bill with his eyebrows raised.  “You bother these girls again and I will call the police.  Order what you want to order and let’s not have a problem here?”
Bill nodded innocently.  Ricky gave Mik a warning glare and walked back in the direction of the bar.  Bill sighed, “Come now, Mikaela.  You’re dad and me go way back...”
She turned to him.  “That bastard was my step-father and that doesn’t help your case.”  She leaned back on the table, edging closer so that her face lay no more than an inch from his.  She flicked her chin at me.  “Danny walks her home every night.  If he finds you here, near her, he’ll rip your heart out.  I will serve you food in my section-” she pointed over to her side of the floor “-as soon as you move.  You don’t look at her.  You eat your food.  You pay.  You leave.  Got it Bill?”
Bill slid up from the booth, forcing Mikaela to take a step back.  He was tall, like his sons.  He looked at me, briefly, before turning back to Mik.  “You all are a might bit protective of this little bunny, huh?”
He stepped to Mikaela’s other side after she made it clear he was not going to walk between us and moved to her section of the restaurant.  When he sat down and started looking at a menu, I felt Mikaela’s body slump against mine.  She reached back, grabbing me by the hand, gripping my fingers a little too tight.  “I could have served him, Mik.”
She shook her head while turning to me.  “No, you couldn’t.  Danny would be fucking pissed if he ever found out you served anything to that jerk.”  She brushed her hair back from her forehead.  “I’ll serve him.  He’ll leave.  That will be the end of it.”
“And what if he comes back?”
Mikaela smiled shakily and looked over her shoulder at Bill, who still seemed absorbed in his menu.  “Then we will handle it, but don’t tell Danny.  He’ll just worry about you.”
I looked over her shoulder at Bill, who was now engaged in some conversation with another customer.  He had one arm leaned on the back of his chair and his legs sprawled out in front of himself as if he owned the place.
“Should we be worried?” I asked.
She looked at me and then Bill.  He slapped his knee carelessly while laughing.
“Fuck,” she muttered, “I don’t know.”
She whisked away from me and to Bill’s table, seemingly taking his order without incident and headed towards the kitchen.  Bill ate his meal, received no refills on his soda and left a fifty dollar tip.  Mikaela gave it all to the kitchen staff and busboys.
On his way out he winked at me and said, “See you later, Bunny.”  Mikaela was in the kitchen and didn’t hear.
For the next two weeks, Bill ate dinner at the Fish Chips every night.  Every night he sat in Mikaela’s section, ate his food, paid his bill, left an obscene tip that Mikaela never accepted and then when she wasn’t looking he would walk past me saying, “See you tomorrow, Bunny,” before leaving.
I’ve never been a particularly complacent person, but honestly, other than the reek of alcohol that he left in his wake he seemed more or less harmless.  I hated him, don’t get me wrong, because I knew exactly what he did to Danny and Jack when they were boys, but I also knew that he was old now, beat down by a life filled with alcohol and drugs and he mostly just seemed pathetic.
“Last day of work!” Mikaela cheered at closing time as we stowed our aprons away on our small personal shelf in the storeroom.  “One week until Danny celebrates his birthday!” she said in a sing song voice that was way too cheerful for one in the morning.  I knew that this birthday trip was a milestone of sorts for her and Jack.  She’d strictly enforced a ‘no-nookie’ rule as she called it, although we’d caught them holding hands and sitting very close to each other on the sofas during movies more than once.  But they had yet to kiss or anything else.
“The guys took the three days off?” she asked, applying a fresh coat of lipstick on in the mirror.  We’d planned a whole mid-week extravaganza before their birthdays.  It would be too costly for any of us to take off on the weekend, which was when most of the tourists arrived and tipped big, so instead we’d all voted to celebrate Tuesday through Thursday.  I nodded.
“Yep, they’re off.”  I confirmed.  Their boss had been easy to convince.  Ricky, on the other hand, had sulked for a week.  The hostess who had to fill in for us while we were both gone sulked for two.
She bounced on the balls of her feet.  “I’m so excited!  I can’t wait to show all three of you what I have planned.”  This had been the strangest part of our plan, I didn’t know anything about it.  Mik insisted it be a surprise even for me, so my job had simply been to coordinate the time-off schedules.  Danny met us at the door as we flicked off the lights from the main floor, leaving Ricky in his office.
He kissed me on the forehead, his eyes half-closed from sleep.  “Hey, babe,” he whispered into my hair.  He nodded to Mikaela as she jumped in her VW as we walked past, his arm tight around my waist.  “She’s a little overly excited after a long day of work, isn’t she?”
I leaned into his warmth.  He ran hot when he slept, practically burning me out of the bed every night, and that over-warmth clung to him now.  He always set an alarm for 12:45 am so that he could jog across the street and pick me up.
I sighed.  “She has some big plan that starts tomorrow.  She is really excited about it I guess.”
He rubbed his nose into my hair.  I could feel him smelling me, in that really sexy way that lovers smell each other.  “That, and she finally gets to bag my brother again.”
I pulled away from him, searching his face for some sign of resentment.  He smiled, “What?  We all know that’s the finish line for Jack.  Don’t we?” he asked amused.
“You’re okay with that right?” I asked, nervous.
He let his head roll back as he breathed out a loud exhale.  When he looked back up his eyes were amused but annoyed.  “How many times do I have to say this!  It’s not weird!  I love you.  I want you.  I...”  I stopped his lips with my finger, leaning into replace it with my lips.
As I backed away I whispered, “I just like to hear you say it sometimes.”
He kissed the tip of my nose.  “Please stop.  I’m ready for everyone to be as over it as I am.  That way we can carry on.”  He bent down swooping me up in his arms, one beneath the crook of my knees the other behind my shoulders.  I held onto his neck, leaning back.  I loved it when he carried me.  Call me old-fashioned, it made me feel like a princess in the arms of a gallant knight.
“What are you doing?” I asked.
He tipped me up so that he could kiss my forehead, as he jogged up the stairwell.
“I’m taking you to bed.  I’ve only got a few more nights as a teenager.  I hear that’s a man’s sexual peak.  I don’t want you to miss out,” he said, turning the doorknob of our apartment with his hand and closing it with his heel.
I caressed his jaw as he lowered me down on the bed.  “I’m not worried,” I said dreamily.
“Sure?” he asked, “Sixty years from now, when I’m popping Viagra you’ll be dreaming about nineteen year old Danny.”
I kissed him forcefully, pulling him down on top of me.  “I look forward to eighty year old Danny too.  Because that means I would have spent my whole life with the man I love.”
He smiled, leaning down to kiss me and touch me and hold me in that possessive way that only people who’ve ever experienced this kind of love can understand.  I knew we’d just made some sort of life-altering declaration, that probably deserved more discussion, but Danny had a real knack for making me speechless.

CHAPTER TWELVE
The next morning we jumped in the Impala and drove northeast sixty miles to a town called Kemah, Texas under Mikaela’s direction.  The closer we neared to our destination the more Mik bounced around in the passenger seat.  Her enthusiasm was infectious and even I was shaking with excitement by the time we pulled up near a dock with a sign that read “White Cap Ventures.”  She yelped with excitement jumping out of the car.  Seconds after we parked, Danny gave her a high-five paired with a broad smile.
“Mickey!  Awesome!  Which one did you get?”  We walked towards the small office next to the dock.  “A thirty-one foot ‘99 Beneteau,” she said in some code language that I didn’t quite understand.  As we neared the office I could see rows and rows of sailboats, neatly tucked into the dock.  We were going on a sailboat.  I pointed to one, “Will we have a captain?” I asked, slightly dumbfounded.  My sailing knowledge was limited to the old Kurt Russel movie Captain Ron.
Jack wrapped his arm over my shoulders.  “You’re dating a licensed one, sis.”
Danny looked back at me over his shoulder and smiled.  A sailboat captain.  Figures.  I smiled back.  Danny signed a bunch of paperwork, showed them some sort of driver’s license for sailboats out of his wallet and then we met our vessel.
Animus Invictus was written on her stern just below a small American and Texan flag.  Danny wrapped his hands around my waist, pulling me back into his chest.  “It means Unconquerable Soul,” he whispered into my ear.
A few of the dockhands helped load our coolers and our bedding, which I hadn’t noticed Mikaela packing that morning, into the boat’s cabin.  Danny and Jack scurried around the deck checking lines and riggings and saying a bunch of words that I didn’t quite understand, while I rubbed on my suntan lotion.
Within the hour we were ‘casting off’ headed out to sea.  We sailed through Galveston Bay and out to the deeper blue waters of the Gulf by early afternoon.  I’d like to tell you I was involved and I learned how to sail and all that but most of my day was spent with my earbuds in my ears blaring Matisyahu’s “One Day” while I sunbathed on deck watching Danny do his thing.
He took off his shirt about an hour into the trip and between watching his tan, lean muscles pull ropes and lift things and ratchet this silver thing around and around when he shifted the sails and his hair being all windblown.  Wow...  I totally get the $500+ tips, now.  There was something gluttonous and satisfying about him running around the boat serving me, even if they were having a butt-load of fun doing it.  I fantasized him in the role of serving boy aboard my massive Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous yacht.
Mik plopped down on a towel beside me on her stomach.  Her bikini was hot pink with metallic silver stars and stripes and barely there.  She made my modest dark brown boy short number look downright pious.  She popped one of my earbuds out, smiling at me.  She eyed the guys working and laughed, “Look at you.  Lust, much?”
Danny was turning the silver ratchety thing again.  I loved that silver ratchety thing.  It tensed his arm muscles wonderfully.  “I’m just admiring the view,” I purred.
She fiddled with her own iPod, circling her thumb around, searching for something in particular.  “Ha!” she said, “admiring the view my ass.”
“No, I think Jack’s admiring the view of your ass,” I countered.  We both eyed Jack who tried his best to hide the fact that he’d been doing just that.
Mikaela laughed, turning back to her music.  “He better be!” she yelled without looking back.  “This swimsuit cost me a hundred bucks!”  She smiled deviously at me as she popped in her own earbuds and closed her eyes.
That night Jack grilled fresh-caught fish (literally, they caught it an hour before we ate it) on a bed of fresh lettuce, spinach, and tomatoes with chunks of one of those fancy cheeses that I don’t know the name of, topped with Olive Garden ‘signature’ dressing.  This was a revelation to me, that they sold that dressing in grocery stores.  It was twice the price of a normal dressing, but so worth it.
“Where’d you learn to cook like this, Jack?” I asked.
Jack flicked an eyebrow at Mikaela.  She smiled and answered back, “He used to come over to my apartment starving.  That’s how he said it ‘Mik, I’m staaaarving!’  I got tired of serving him so I taught him how to cook so he could serve the both of us.  The apprentice outdid the master pretty quick.”
Between bites Danny asked, “When was this?”
Jack leaned over plopping another piece of grilled fish on Danny’s plate.  “The year you were gone, Dan,” he answered quietly, turning back to his tiny portable grill.  Year?  I thought he was just gone one summer?  Danny’s jaw clenched just for a moment, but then he relaxed back into his meal.  My eyes caught Mikaela’s who noticed the same thing.  She smiled weakly and shrugged one shoulder.  Danny and Jack loved each other, that would be obvious to a complete stranger, but there was still so much left unresolved between them, and also between them and their father.  But who was I to talk.  The only reason I didn’t have unresolved things between my parents was because I’d never met my father and my mother didn’t remember who I was.
I sighed, catching Danny’s attention.  His brow furrowed as he looked at me.  He held his fork in his mouth for a moment, long enough to reach out and clasp my hand.  After a quick squeeze he pulled back and continued eating.  It was weird how attuned to me he was, like we’d known each other our whole lives even though it’d only been a few months.
Jack and Mikaela carried the dirty dishes down to the galley.  We heard them talking, though the actual words were hidden by the sounds of the ocean and the boat, and laughing.  Danny stretched out beside me groaning with contentment.  The sky was perfectly clear and every tiny pinprick of starlight shone through.
“Stars, hide your fires; Let not light see my black and deep desires: The eye wink at the hand; yet let that be, Which the eye fears; when it is done, to see,” Danny quoted quietly.
“Macbeth,” I said, not looking at him, but reaching for his hand beside me.
“It’s my favorite Shakespeare play.”
I rolled on my side so that I could see him.  “Kind of dark, don’t you think?”
He rolled his head towards me.  “Regicide, multiple homicide, a crazy bitch for a wife, three witches whispering into your ear, ruthless quest for power...  What’s dark about that?”
I laughed, scooting closer to him so that I could absorb some of his body heat.  It could never be called ‘cold’ in a Texan summer but compared to the bright sun from earlier in the day it was definitely cooler.  Danny lifted an arm so that I could nestle next to his ribs, my favorite spot.  Between the comfort of him next to me and the gentle movement of the anchored boat swaying beneath us, I felt my eyes drooping closed.
“Danny,” I mumbled on the edge of sleep.  “I’m claustrophobic, just so you know.  We’ll have to sleep out here.”  He laughed, kissing my forehead.
“Trust me,” he said, leaning away from me to grab a blanket.  He brought it over my shoulders, and then laid back down beside me.  “We’re not going down there.  It’s been quiet for almost ten minutes.  If Mikaela’s that quiet she’s either dead or...”
His voice faded away as I drifted to sleep next to him.
I woke up just before dawn.  The overwhelming brightness of the sun creeping over the watery horizon could not be denied.  I leaned up on Danny’s chest and watched as it flared up brilliantly, lighting miles of water in front of and behind me.  God, it was beautiful.
I leaned down and kissed Danny until his breathing changed and I knew he was awake.  He’d slept shirtless next to me, so I kissed down his chest, lingering on each collarbone before I dropped to his nipples.  I suckled on each one, biting gently as my hands ran down his stomach.  Early morning erections were an everyday occurrence in my life now, but sometimes they still shocked me.  I rubbed against him over his shorts, while my mouth kissed down his stomach.  I pulled the blanket over my head, blocking his view of me as I unbuckled his shorts and pulled them along with his sports briefs (bright red) off at the same time.  I kissed the sides of his stomach, those v-shaped muscles that Brad Pitt left fans drooling over after the movie Fight Club, while running my hands gently over his dick.  It bounced upwards in reaction to my touch and I heard Danny groan.  I lowered my kisses further, touching him delicately with my tongue and then engulfing him in one solid swoop.
This was something that I’d never ever thought I would enjoy, but I have to admit I loved it.  Maybe, it was the unadulterated lust that I saw in Danny’s eyes right after, or maybe I just actually liked the way he tasted (salty and musky).
By the time I had him groaning on the edge of coming, I had pulled off my khaki shorts and panties.  Crawling back up towards his chest, I lowered my hips until I felt his familiar thickness fill me.  He groaned, pulling me down in a rough kiss.  I worked my body up and down, matching his movements as he tried to push into me deeper.  He pulled off my light cotton shirt so that my bare breasts pressed against his chest as I leaned over him, working my hips with greater force.
I felt him growing inside of me, a feeling I now recognized as him being on the cusp of orgasm.  It pushed me over the edge and I felt my body explode just as his hot come spread inside of me.  Every muscle of my body tingled and relaxed in that one long, singular moment.  I leaned heavily against his chest, while he rubbed my bare back with his hands, and caught my breath.  Early morning sex, on a sailboat, adrift in the ocean.  Big fat check next to that one on the Bucket List.
After I’d caught my breath, I rolled to Danny’s side nestling my head in the crook of his shoulder.  He leaned down and kissed me but stopped mid-motion, frozen in place.  The tell-tell sounds of Jack and Mikaela reuniting drifted up from the cabin below us.  Turns out she didn’t make it to his eighteenth birthday.
“Jesus Christ,” he whispered against my mouth, “Is that what we sound like?”
Mikaela’s voice raised pitch into a soft, low, moan-type scream.
I laughed, ducking my face into Danny’s neck.  “I think we’re worse,” I answered, kissing his neck.
He leaned down kissing me full on the lips.  I felt him smile against my mouth.  “You’re probably right, but I don’t think that quickie can compete.  We better try again.”  I gasped then giggled, literally giddy with delight, as he rolled on top of me and began kissing me from head to toe.
The next two days were kind of, I don’t know, magical.  That sounds so stupid, but that’s what it was!  There was lots of sex (which I know you’d love to hear about but, hey, a girl has to have some secrets) and lots of great swimming and sunbathing and eating and a little bit of drinking.  None of us were hard drinkers, me, because I just didn’t like the taste, and everyone else because they were far too traumatized by their father and stepfathers alcoholism.  But we did do tequila shots our last night on the water, raising our glasses to our two birthday boys.
When we came back to shore and unloaded the boat Thursday evening I don’t think there could have been four more satisfied people on the planet.  Danny flicked his iPod to Mumford and Sons once we were settled into the Impala, Mikaela leaning into Jack’s shoulder while she thumbed through a magazine and me laying my head down in Danny’s lap.  He brushed his fingers through my hair as I drifted off to sleep as soon as we hit the long stretch of highway.
Danny brushed his fingers around the edge of my ear to wake me up.  I stretched my arms above my head as I set up, looking around in the familiar setting of our apartment’s parking lot.  I looked to the back seat yawning.  “Where’s Jack and Mik?” I asked.
“Dropped them off at her car.  They’re headed to her place,” he said with a smile.
I scooted across the seat, closer to him.  I leaned in, forcing his mouth open to my tongue as I crushed his lips against mine.  “That means we have the whole place to ourselves?”
“Mmm-hmmm,” he said nodding knowingly.
He carried me straddling him up our stairs as I kissed him.  His body tensed uncomfortably beneath me when we reached our front porch.  He dropped me down and took one step towards the door.  It sat oddly on its hinges, open.  He pushed the door open roughly and flicked the light switch just to the right of the frame.
The place was trashed.  DVDs and CDs everywhere, most broken.  Couch cushions torn and sliced open, their fluff ripped out.  Dishes broken.  The refrigerator door hung loosely open, its contents spilled all over the place.
I covered my mouth with my hand as I followed Danny in.  He went room to room, flicking on lights and checking closets and behind doors.  It was empty, nothing but the remnants of our stuff scattered fucking everywhere.  His phone buzzed in his cargo pocket.  He dug it out.  “Yeah, our place is trashed, too.”  He moved the speaker to his jaw as he said, “Mickey’s apartment is wasted too,” to me in a hushed voice.  He pulled the phone back to his mouth.
“Call the police, Jackson” - “You know it was” - “What?!”  He looked angry at me, his mouth in a firm line.  I had the sneaking suspicion that Mik just spilled the beans about Bill coming to the restaurant every night.  I hid my face while I started to pick up all of his DVD collection.  Supernatural Season 5.  Broken...that bastard.
Danny ended the call, putting his phone back in his pocket.  He stood there with his hands on his hips, looking down at me but saying nothing.  He breathed in one long breath through his nose and then lowered himself in a crouch beside me.  “Mikaela said Bill’s been coming to the restaurant every night.”  It wasn’t a question.  I nodded numbly avoiding eye contact.  “Why didn’t you tell me?” he asked.
I shrugged.  “It was nothing.  He comes in.  He eats.  Not worth mentioning.”
He pulled my chin up to face him, pressing his fingers into it a little roughly.  “Not worth mentioning?  That piece of shit beats me most of my life and now he’s stalking you and it’s not worth mentioning?”
I jerked my face back.  “He’s not stalking me!  He eats.  He leaves.  Done.”
Danny’s eyebrows jerked up.  “Mickey says he calls you Bunny.”
Shit.  I didn’t know she knew that part.  I shrugged again.  I hated shrugging.  It was a totally non committal gesture that meant absolutely nothing, the physical equivalent of a pause in a sentence or a ‘huh?’  Danny stood, smacking his thighs with the flat of his hands.
I waved a hand at the destruction.  “Maybe, this wasn’t even him?” I said.
“Yes, Addison.  It’s a total fucking coincidence that our apartment and Mickey’s were trashed at the same time,” he snarked.
I stood facing him.  “Don’t fucking take that tone with me just because you’re mad,” I yelled.
His body braced itself for one long second, but then he nodded.  “I’m sorry, love.”  He reached out to me, knocking the ruined Supernatural from my hands as he swept me in a hug.  He called the police and then the apartment manager.  After the apartment maintenance man found a new door to install and a locksmith installed a new lock and deadbolt, we spent the night sifting through what was ruined and what was keepable.  We were left with about half of our movies, a couple of metal pots and pans, no food and most of our clothes.  Thank God, Bill had decided to steer clear of my wardrobe.  The last thing I wanted to spend my hard earned summer wages on was all new clothes.  Jack and Mikaela were busy doing the same thing at her place.  It hadn’t been quite as trashed as ours, but still a mess.
“What was he looking for?” I asked flipping one of the couch cushions to the non-wrecked side before sitting down.
Danny sighed picking up the last of the trash and setting the black bag outside on the porch.  “Money most likely.  Bill has no comprehension of adult concepts like bank accounts.  He probably thought we had it stuffed under the mattress or something.”
I looked at the clock.  It was just past midnight.  Danny rubbed his eyes roughly with his knuckles as he fell on the couch beside me.  I pulled his head down onto my shoulder, running my fingers through his hair.  “Do you have to work today?” I asked, kissing his forehead.
He wrapped his arms around my waist, nuzzling into me to get more comfortable.  “I called Charlie and told him what happened.  I said I wasn’t leaving you alone.  He said either I could bring you with me or take the day off.”
“When does the boat leave?”
“Five am, like always.”
I scooted back so that his head lay on my chest and I could rest mine on the armrest.
“I suppose one more day off, wouldn’t hurt.  Would it?” I asked innocently.  I didn’t mind being on a boat at five am with him but I didn’t relish the thought of sharing him with a dozen tourists.
He smiled, squeezing me tight around my waist.  He fell asleep against me, but I lay awake.  I glanced at the clock.  Two am.  Our home had been invaded by this man that I had blown off as ‘pathetic and sad.’  The idea of him going through our things and looking at our pictures disturbed me on a whole new level.  Pictures.  I eased out from under Danny and went to the bedroom.
It was gone.  The scrapbook of our time together that I’d been putting together for Danny’s birthday present.
Why in the hell would Bill steal that?
I looked around the room.  All, not just some, but all of our pictures together were gone.  Tatters of them remained on the walls underneath thumbtacks.  The picture of us on the beach that I had framed and put next to our bed was gone, the frame shattered to pieces.  Bill had taken all the evidence of my time with Danny away from me.
Danny came in wrapping his arms around me as he kissed the back of my neck.  “There’s still glass in here, babe.  You can’t sleep in here.”
“He-” my voice broke because for the first time I was really, really upset about the break-in.  Pictures were personal.  “He took all our pictures, Danny.”  Danny glanced around the room, taking stock of the same thing I’d just noticed.  I was more than a little annoyed with myself for not noticing it sooner.
“It’s okay.  I have them all backed up on my computer,” he said.
I ran my fingers through my hair, pulling roughly through a few knots that must have been formed on the drive home with the windows down.  “That’s not the point!  Why would he steal pictures?”
Danny backed away from me.  “I don’t know, babe.  Because he’s a fucking off-balanced sociopath would be my first guess.”
I clenched my arms around myself.  Sometimes things didn’t really hit me until they hit me.  I don’t know if it just takes my brain that long to process the information or if I’m just emotionally slow but all of a sudden it. hit. me.  I began to shake just a bit at the thought that that man, that fucking loser pathetic type man, hit, bruised, battered and bloodied two little boys their whole damned lives and despite all that shit one of them grew into this beautiful, kind, loving person standing in front of me.  And then, after Danny escaped that loser, he had the fucking balls to come into my house and mess with my shit!
My stomach felt sick.
I covered my mouth with my hand as I bolted to the bathroom.  Danny pulled back my hair and rubbed my back while I vomited.  “It’s okay, Addison.  It’s okay,” he kept repeating to me, though, I could barely hear him over the roar behind my own ears.  After vomiting up all the food and bile that one stomach could hold, flushed and rinsed my mouth, I sat on the toilet sweating and shivering all at the same time as if I’d just run a marathon in the freezing cold.  Danny kneeled between my legs in front of me and just kept his arms around me, rubbing my back while I leaned on him.
I licked my lips, they felt dry and tight, as I sat back looking at Danny’s kind worried eyes on me as if I were this fragile little thing.  “I’m sorry,” I mumbled, covering my mouth with my hand, realizing that my breath must smell like vomit.  I felt tears running down my cheeks.  He brushed my hand away, wiping away my tears with his thumbs, and planted a tender kiss on my lips.

“Don’t be sorry,” he said.  “I know all this, my life, is a lot to take in.  You’ve handled it remarkably well, to be honest.”  He smiled a soft smile, but his brow was still furrowed with worry lines.
I pressed my forehead against his, draping my arm over his shoulders.  “You’re worth it.  I love you Danny.”
He smiled, a genuine, full-on sparkling Danny smile, then.  “I love you, Addison.”

CHAPTER THIRTEEN
After finally falling asleep on the sofa with Danny wrapped around me, I woke up sometime around two in the afternoon.  Because Mikaela refused to cancel and I just wanted to be out of the apartment, I insisted on going to work.  Danny and Jack went in to full on bouncer mode, by walking us to Fish Chips and staking out a corner booth near the door where they could see the whole restaurant.
It was a busy Friday night, and Ricky made it known that he didn’t appreciate our boyfriends taking up valuable space.
“They just ordered nachos, Rick!” Mikaela yelled over her shoulder.
“They’re not lurking anymore than our regular customers,” I added.  Ricky rolled his eyes at me, throwing his hands up in the air as he swept out of the kitchen carrying two full margarita pitchers for a rowdy bachelorette party at tables eight and nine.
Mikaela smiled as she picked up a plate of nachos and swirled out after him.
I used an ice cream scoop to blob some chicken salad atop lettuce and fresh greens.  It was one of Fish Chips signature plates.  We called it Ala Chicken Snot Salad.  Not to the customers of course, but that’s what we called it.
“Where you been Bunny?”
I froze.  The voice came from behind me.  The loading dock door was usually locked, but Javier, the busboy who did most of the unloading, could have accidentally left it open.  Bill must have snuck through it.  I looked to the swinging kitchen door.  Any minute Ricky, or Mikaela, or Javier would sweep in here and I wouldn’t be alone.
I turned, keeping a firm grip on the metal table where we prepared the plates.  Bill stood close to the freezers.  His eyes were bloodshot, with heavy dark bags underneath them.  His clothes were filthy.  He held on to the freezer door handle.
“Hey Bill,” I mouthed, barely forming the words out loud.
Bill smiled, snaking towards me a step.  “I like the way my name rolls off your tongue, Bunny.”
“I wish you’d stop calling me that.  My name is Addison.”
He slammed his hand against a metal rack, knocking a few tomatoes to the floor.  They rolled across the kitchen, stopping just under the sink.
“I prefer Bunny,” he said.
The kitchen door swung open, Javier walking in backwards with a tray full of dirty dishes.  He swung around, spotting me and then Bill.  He edged closer to me and said without looking over his shoulder, “¿Está usted bien Miss Addy?”
“No,” I answered back.
Javier dropped the tray of dishes to the floor, surely alarming the rest of the restaurant that something was happening in the kitchen.
“You go now, Mister!” Javier yelled, pointing to the back door.
Danny, Jack and Mikaela all rammed through the kitchen door just as Bill disappeared in the shadows between the shelves.  Mikaela rushed to me, wrapping me up in her arms.  Danny followed Bill’s path, but came back shaking his head.  “He’s gone,” he said to Jack.  “I locked the door.”
Ricky walked into the kitchen and said, “What in the hell is going on back here?”
Danny flicked a thumb towards the back.  “There was an intruder bothering Addison.”
Ricky wiped the sleeve of his forearm against his sweaty forehead.
“Should I call the police?” he asked all of us.
Jack answered.  “Yes, the man’s name is Bill Goldin.”  Ricky’s eyes flicked up at the last name.  He knew that was also Danny’s name.  After Ricky phoned the police, they checked the perimeter but found nothing.  They promised to up patrol cars in the area for the rest of the night.
Ricky looked at me and then Mikaela.  “You two are worse than a Mexican soap opera.”  He handed Mik a pitcher of strawberry daiquiri slush.  “Come on.  Let’s get back to work.  You serve those girls from now on.  One of them just grabbed my ass.  My old ticker can’t take that kind of excitement.”  He looked to Danny and Jack.  “If you two are going to loom around all night, for Mother Mary’s sake grab a tray.  We’re packed out there!”
Two more tables filled with late-coming bachelorettes.  We were mixing up every fruity alcoholic drink we owned to fulfill their tastes.  Danny and Jack did as Ricky asked, and helped out.  There was something insanely sexy about Danny toting drinks and plates of food with one of my little aprons tied around his waist.  I’m not going to lie the image helped get Bill off my mind, even though I kept glancing towards the doors.  Danny did the same, but I knew that Bill was to much of a coward to do anything in public.  That’s why he’d tried to corner me when I was by myself in the kitchen.
Around midnight the bachelorettes were putting in their last call orders despite the fact that every single one of them was completely wasted.  I dropped off two more pitchers of margaritas, when I saw Jack, Mikaela and Ricky huddling together in a corner.  They were smiling and giggling like kids about to pull a prank.  I tucked my tray underneath my arm and made my way towards them.
“What are you three up to?” I asked.
“Don’t ask,” answered Danny breezing past me with a tray full of fried mozzarella sticks.
I followed after him, helping to throw the baskets down in front of the ravenous women when the lights suddenly blinked out and some sort of loud techno/pop music blared over the speaker system.  Next thing I know there is a huge spotlight (Ricky with a beach flashlight on a ladder I later found out) on the kitchen doors and Jack pops out.
The bachelorettes went insane.
Jack started swaying to the beat of the music, slowly untying the apron strings and flinging it into the crowd.  He jumps on the table, crawling on his hands and knees flirting with every single woman there.  Then he stands up, and when the music gets a little slower, pulls up the hem of his t-shirt and twirls his hips around as he slowly pulls it up and over his head.
Then there was a heap of ab flexing and pelvis thrusting...and it was ridiculous.
I felt Mikaela grab my arm, jumping up and down, cheering him on.
I leaned over and screamed into her ear, barely audible over the music, “Are you okay with this?”
She looked at me wide-eyed with a large grin, just as Jack eased out of his black cargo shorts and twirled around in nothing but his sports briefs (Blue, same brand as his brother) before throwing them in the crowd.
“Okay with it?” she asked, sounding honestly baffled.  “I’m just disappointed I don’t have more singles!”  And with that she grabbed a handful of our tip jar money and shoved it down the front of Jack’s underwear.  The bachelorettes followed suit and before long I had no doubt that Jack just made the single biggest tip haul in Fish Chips history.
We stood outside while Mikaela smoked down a cigarette.
“That shit will kill you Mickey,” Danny said, not for the first time since learning about her nasty habit.  Mikaela took one long drag, double inhaling the cloud of smoke before finally letting it go.  “You sound just like your brother,” she answered.  She flicked a smirk in Jack’s direction.  “He allows me one cigarette a day now-” she held up the cigarette between her fingers - “this is it.  I have to inhale three times on each drag.”
“Next week you only get one every two days,” Jack said, thumbing through his wad of sweaty one dollar bills, every now and then holding up a different denomination with his eyebrows raised in appreciation.  “I’m weaning her off, Dan,” he added.  “Just like you did me at Abernathy.”
Mikaela flicked the ash off over the railing.  “Which is good you little bastard because you’re the one who got me started.”  She took one more long drag and then stubbed out the butt in an ashtray on one of the outdoor tables.  “So,” she said, pulling the strap of her bag over her shoulder.  “You ready to go Jack?”
Jack’s eyes widened, his hands frozen in place counting his tips, his mouth slack.  Mikaela raised her eyebrows.  “Did you actually think I was going to let you not come home with me after your little show in there?”  She waggled a finger at him, beckoning him to her.  “You’re gonna get fucked good tonight.”
Danny leaned away from them cringing.  “T.M.I.  Mickey.  T. M. I.”
Mikaela grabbed Jack’s shirt collar with one hand, dismissing Danny with the other.  “Blah, blah, blah.”  She pulled Jack to her car and with a flick of her head said in a girly voice, “Goodnight, Addison!”  She blew me a big kiss before jumping in her car and driving away in her typical bat out of hell style.
I eased into Danny’s arm watching them drive away.  “You know they’re kind of perfect together, right?”
“By perfect do you mean insanely immature and reckless?” he asked.
“Yeah, pretty much.”  I smiled, rubbing my forehead and tired eyes against his chest.  He rubbed his hands up and down my back.  I purred with the pure comfort and pleasure I derived from his touch.
“Well,” he sighed, “Let’s just hope they don’t make me an Uncle too soon.”
I leaned back from him.  It’s something I’d never talked to him about, because I was never quite sure if it was any of his business much less mine.  “Have they talked about, you know, the miscarriage?” I asked hesitantly.
Danny licked his lips and breathed in a long deep breath.  “Yeah, and I’ve talked about it with Jack.  He’s pretty fucking miserable about it still but I think they’re trying to forgive themselves.  It’s messed up, but I mean, I don’t know.  I mean those two, with a baby?  They weren’t ready.”
“A lot of people would say if you’re not prepared for a baby you shouldn’t be having sex,” I said.
“I think that’s naive,” he said into my hair.  He kissed it afterward.
“Probably.  But what would you do if that happened to me?” I asked, looking up into his eyes.
He smiled.  “I’d marry you and we’d have a baby.”
I let out a harsh breath.  “Geez...that’s scary,” I mumbled into his chest.  He picked me up and threw me over his shoulder, my head dangling around his perfect butt as he jogged across the parking lot towards our apartment.  I wrapped my arms around his waist to steady myself as he carried me up the stairs, both of us laughing.
The next morning before dawn Danny carried me again, pajamas, blankets and all to his charter boat for the day.  Apparently Mikaela faced the same treatment because soon enough we were both tucked away in the tiny downstairs galley on the small cushions to either side of the dining table.  I heard the chatter as the client’s arrived and arranged themselves on deck a few hours after we arrived, but the noise didn’t bother me much.  I slept until around noon.  Jack woke us up as he bustled around the kitchen making salads and sandwiches for the tourists.  “Good morning glory,” he said, when I peeked my head out from underneath my blanket.
I wiped the sleep from my eyes, yawning widely.  I had absolutely no comprehension of how they both managed to be so unbelievably chipper despite sleeping so little.  Jack plopped a glass of purple grape juice in front of me, mid-stride to the upstairs cabin door, his hands laden with plates of food.
Maybe it was childish, but I loved my Welch’s purple grape juice in the morning.  I could still see that commercial with the chubby little girl, the platinum blonde one with the bangs.  Jack shuffled down the steps and grabbed the second half of the food plates.  After delivering them, he came back down munching on a green apple.  “Good morning,” I said, finally conscious enough to be verbal.
He smiled at me as he leaned over to Mikaela and kissed her all over her face.  She grunted her displeasure, yanking her comforter back over her head.  He lifted her legs off of the booth seat and slid himself underneath them.  We heard some grumblings containing a few choice words replaced by soft snoring as she settled back down.
“When’s your birthday?” I asked, sipping on my grape juice.
Jack smiled, finishing off the last bite of his apple.  “April fifteenth.  Big one eight next year, though, considering I quit school, have zero plans for college, and probably won’t vote...the milestone marker is a bit blurred for me.”  He tossed the apple core in the trash and then leaned against the back of the seat, making sure to hold Mik’s legs from falling off his lap.  I pointed to her.
“You could buy her cigarettes?”
He scoffed.  “To hell with that.  I’m pissed she picked up the habit.”
“She says you got her started.”
He shook his head.  “Drove her to it, more than likely.  Fucking up her life in more way than one.”
I tipped the glass up, downing the last of my juice.  Jack eyed it and flicked his finger to the juice bottle with his eyebrows arched.  I shook my head.  One glass of my sugar filled 10% juice concoction was enough.  “Seems like you two have a lot of history.  Cooking lessons and all.”
He nodded, brushing his hand along her exposed arm with the back of his fingers.  “You know, I’ve been in love-” his eyebrows jerked up as if the word surprised him.  I wondered if that was the first time he’d said that aloud. “...With Mikaela since I was fourteen.  It still feels fucking weird being able to show it.  I felt like I betrayed my brother for a long time.  But when I see him with you-”  He looked at me, with those intense Goldin blue eyes “-he looks at you, the way I think I look at her.”  He looked down at Mikaela’s sleeping form, “And I never saw him look at her like that.”  He sighed out loudly and leaned back.  “It’s just weird.  It doesn’t feel real that I’m with her...finally!”
I cleared my throat.  “You know, if either one of you had just told Danny, I’m sure he would have understood a lot sooner.”
“She’s right, you know,” Danny said, pushing sunglasses up in his hair as he came down the stairs.  He leaned over to the small refrigerator and grabbed a bottle of water, chugging half the contents in one gulp.  “I would have understood, Jackson.”
Jack studied him and then nodded slowly.  “I know brother.”
“Good,” Danny said, clapping him on the shoulder.  He blew me a kiss as he trotted back upstairs.  My eyes followed him, lingering on the very last inch before he disappeared from my view.  “Happy Birthday!” I shouted, slightly breathless.
Jack smiled at me.  “Did you have a happy family, Addy?”
I breathed out through my nose as I brought the edges of my blanket back up over my shoulders.  “I guess.  I loved my mom, but we were never what you’d call close.  Then she forgot who I was so-”  Jack’s eyebrows pulled together.  I guess Danny hadn’t told him that part.  “And I never knew my dad.  Left the scene of the crime before I was born,” I finished.
Jack shook his head, his lips pressed into a thin line.  “Shit,” he whispered.  “Do you think those families you see on TV...the ones with two parents and two kids and a golden retriever...you think those exist?” he asked.
I breathed in deeply, closing my eyes, imagining those sitcom people.  The ones that worried about burnt lemon chicken dinners and intrusive mother-in-laws.  But then another image drowned out all that.  It was me and Danny, older, rocking in a white porch swing with my head in the crook of his shoulder reading a book while he ran his fingers through my hair.  “I hope so,” I breathed out, “because that would be...lovely.”  I finished using a very genteel word with my best southern accent.  Jack laughed loudly finally waking Mikaela.  He slapped her on her thigh, jolting her upright before leaning over her smothering her with kisses.
After changing into a pair of khaki shorts and a faded red t-shirt that Danny must have packed for me I crawled out on deck, leaving the lovebirds in privacy, munching on a sandwich.  It looked like the group today was some kind of family reunion.  There were a few grandmotherly types that looked at me suspiciously as I crawled out of a cabin they no doubt did not know was occupied.  There were also a couple of older kids, but they were fishing in earnest over the sides of the boats with the help of their parents.  Jack’s questions obviously hadn’t come out of the blue.  He’d been watching this family all morning, longing for one of his own maybe.
I popped the last bite of my sandwich in my mouth and sat down on Danny’s lap in the captain’s chair.  He leaned in pecking me on the lips, while still steering.  It looked like we were already headed back towards shore.
“Sleep good?” he asked.  I nodded my head, shielding my eyes from the sun.  I wish he’d packed my sunglasses.  He plucked his own Oakleys off and pushed them over my ears and up my nose.  I could finally open my eyes all the way.  “Better?” he asked.  I nodded, leaning into the crook of his neck, breathing in the scent of him without answering.  He ran his hands down my hair onto my back, kissing my temple.
“What do you want for your birthday?” I murmured.  I’d told him about my stolen scrapbook the night before.  I hadn’t had time to go shopping since.
“I’ve got everything I want right here,” he said, kissing my hair.
“Well, that’s easy then,” I said, nuzzling my nose into his neck.  “I still have tonight off.  Mik doesn’t, though.  We could go out to a big, fancy birthday dinner?  Just the two of us.”
Jack popped on deck making rounds, telling the family to pull in their lines.  When they were all secured he signaled to Danny with a thumbs up sign.  He opened the throttle a bit, pushing the boat into a higher gear as we chugged home.  I missed the quiet speed of the sailboat.
“We’ll do whatever you want, babe,” he said, over the roar of the engine.
I sat up, locking my fingers behind his neck.  “It’s your birthday, though.  We should do what you want.”
He leaned in for a soft kiss.  “I want you to be happy and safe.  That’s all I want.”
I feigned a groan at his fantastic yet cheesy answer.  “Big dinner it is then!” I smiled.  “You’ve never seen me dressed up.”
His eyebrows flicked upwards.  “I can’t wait.”
Truthfully, it had been a while since I saw myself dressed up.  I gawked at the complete stranger staring back at me from the bathroom mirror.  I’d straightened my hair, so without my curls it touched just below my shoulders.  The straightening cream left it shiny, so despite the fact I’d always slightly hated my dark hair, even I had to admire it.  My hazel eyes looked massive after applying what Mikaela taught me about the ‘smokey eye,’ which involved a lot of black eyeliner and the very complicated technique of perfectly placed smudging.  I’d rushed to the nearest mall and found a fantastic slinky, layered, dark green slip dress that hit me mid-thigh and made the green of my eyes really pop.  I finished the look with black strappy heels that I’d borrowed from Mikaela.  The brand name was Pinup Couture and they were sexy as hell although I felt sure I’d have blisters by the end of the night.  Beauty is pain.
When I walked out of the bathroom, Danny’s attention immediately turned from the television, his mouth went slightly slack and he adjusted his pants.  Now, I don’t know if this is common knowledge or not, but I’m pretty sure when I guy “adjusts” his pants that means they like what they see.  I winked at him and grabbed my clutch purse off of the counter.  “You ready?” I asked taking stock of how handsome he looked too.
He wore a dark purple button-up collared shirt with the sleeves rolled up to his elbows and black slacks.  His dark hair was tousled in that sexy “I’m a Greek God” sort of way that looked like it took hours but I’m pretty sure involved him just running his hands through his hair while it was still damp from the shower.  I noticed that his hair had gotten lighter this summer with all that time out on the water.  “Jesus you are fucking gorgeous,” he said from the sofa, staring at me as if he were amazed.
I reached out offering him a hand up off the couch.  He wrapped his arms around me, lightly kissing my mouth while breathing in deeply.  I’d applied a little of his favorite perfume on the back of my neck.  “And just think,” I said looking up at him, “I’m all yours birthday boy.”
He smiled broadly and pulled me to the door.  “Come on,” he laughed, “I can’t wait to show you off.”
He opened the car door for me.  I mean he always does that, always, but tonight he made a big show of it, bowing and everything as he took my hand and helped me in the seat.  We drove thirty miles to a fancy steakhouse, where I ordered the bacon-wrapped filet mignon with a caesar salad and loaded baked potato.  Texans love their meat and starches and though there might be vegetarians brought to tears over this next statement, I have to admit I savored every bite.  The steak literally melted in my mouth, the salad served as a good palate cleanser and the potato was one of those ones with the salt on the outside where you can eat the whole thing, skin and all.  It was delicious and I washed it all down with the house-specialty, tangy, sweet, fresh-squeezed lemonade.
I looked up to find Danny grinning ridiculously at me.
“What?” I asked, my mouth full of potato.
He took a drink of his sweet iced tea and said, “Nothing, I just love to watch you eat.”
I swallowed down my massive, un-ladylike bite before asking, “Why?”
He tilted his head, breathing in as he nabbed a bit of steak off my plate.  “I just grew up eating Ramen noodles on a bad day and a grilled cheese on a good one.  It used to drive me crazy when I took a girl on a date and she nibbled on her meal a little bit and just wasted the rest.  I hated it, actually.”
I looked at my almost scraped clean plate, waving my hand to it.  “Well, at least with me you know I’m eating everything you pay for!”  I smiled, mid-bite on some potato.  He smiled back as he tried to nab a bit more of my steak.  I blocked his fork with a vicious glare causing him to laugh out loud.  I mean, honestly, it wasn’t my fault he finished off his sirloin so fast.
We ordered a rich, chocolaty dessert with two scoops of vanilla ice cream and caramel sauce.  I’d never been so happy I wasn’t diabetic.
Danny paid the exorbitant bill, left a massive tip for our waitress, and proceeded to help me waddle out the door.  I was stuffed, but somehow Danny managed to swing me down into one of those movie kisses in front of the restaurant.  I’m pretty sure I picked up one foot and everything.  It was that good.
We cruised back to Quintana and drove down the hard-packed sand of the beach in the Impala with the windows rolled down and MGMT and AWOLNATION blaring through the speakers.  When RED HOT CHILI PEPPERS “Hey Oh” played, Danny slowed down enough that I could sit on the edge of the window and raise my arms in the wind with my hair blowing back.  I shouted, “I LOVE DANIEL GOLDIN!” into the wind and then cackled with the pure delight of it.  I might have looked like one of those dogs hanging over the edge of a truck with their tongue lolling out in the wind, but I didn’t care.  It was fantastic.  I’d never felt so free in my whole fucking life.
We parked about four miles from our apartment, high enough on the beach that the Impala wouldn’t get stuck but still near enough the water that occasionally you could feel the slight mist of ocean spray.  This far down, the beach was entirely barren of people.  We had probably driven illegally on the wildlife preserve.  The only thing I could see in the distance were the lights dotting the natural gas and oil refineries that blanketed the entire Galveston coastline.
I had long since ditched the heels and loved the way that now, laying back on a thin blanket atop the massive hood of the Impala, I could swing my legs and just barely touch the sand with the tips of my toes.  It reminded me of playing on swing sets when I was little.  Danny lay beside me, one arm beneath my shoulders supporting my head, the other laying across his chest playing with the fingers of my hand nearest him.  We watched silently as the clouds cleared and the stars came out.  Danny ran his hand down my wrist, sliding his index finger along the vein on the inside of my forearm.  I let my eyes drift closed as I relaxed into the night and his touch.
“You know I’m going to marry you, right?” Danny whispered.
My eyes jolted open to see him hovering over me, grinning.  “Not right now,” he amended, “Or anytime soon.  But one day in the distant future I am going to marry you.”
What was strange is that other than the very slight shock that ran through me as he said the actual words out loud, the idea didn’t scare me at all.  It was a thought that almost seemed inevitable.  I sighed on a smile, closing my eyes again.  “Just don’t plan on me running away to Vegas anytime soon.”
I felt him lay back down beside me.  “No Elvis wedding.  Got it,” he said.  I could feel his satisfied smirk even if I couldn’t see it.
I felt Danny shift beside me while he checked his watch.  “It’s 12:15, Addy.  Should we head back and see what Mikaela and Jack are up to?”
I opened my eyes and rolled on my side so that I could cuddle up to his side.  “Sure,” I murmured.  I sat up stretching my arms high above my head and arching my back.  “I wonder if Jack entertained the crowd at Fish Chips again, tonight?”
Danny laughed, scooping the blanket off the hood of the car when I hopped off.  He tossed it in the trunk while I dug my bare toes in the sand one last time, lulled by its coolness just under the surface.
A loud gunshot rang through the air from behind the Impala.  I ran around the edge, stopping dead in my tracks as the scene unfolded in slow motion in front of me.  Bill stood three feet from Danny his arm extended, the muzzle of an old revolver shoved in Danny’s face.  When I appeared around the corner, Bill shifted so that it pointed straight at me.
“Bill,” Danny said, “What the hell are you doing?”
Bill huffed out two ragged breaths, his eyes locked on me as if I were Satan himself.  “I won’t allow you to steal my boy away from me you little bitch!” he seethed.
Danny took one step toward his father, but Bill quickly jerked the gun back at his chest causing him to step back again with his hands raised.  The gun didn’t stay trained on him long, it quickly fell back on me.
“Your mother, Theresa, she was just like this one,” he said.  “All tits and ass and loving touches, until I married the bitch.  Then she got out of hand.  Wanted more!  More house, more money, more fucking everything!” he shouted like a madman, grabbing the sides of his head squeezing it tightly.  He regrouped quickly, pointing the gun back at Danny and then me.
“You beat the shit out of mom,” Danny said accusingly.  “All she wanted was to fucking escape you.”
Bill raised his eyebrows.  “Yep, and she left you and Jackie in the process, didn’t she?  That’s what bitches do.  Take what they want, leave the rest.”
“Dad,” Danny said slowly.  It was the first time I’d ever heard Danny call Bill by the more intimate name.  It must have shocked Bill too, because the gun tipped slightly down as his arm relaxed and he looked at Danny.
“Addison.  I love her, dad,” Danny said slowly, taking one tiny step towards his father.
Bill raised the gun again, pointing it straight at my chest, but looking towards Danny.  Tears ran down his face, and he cringed as if in sudden pain.  He shook his head.  “No, Danny Boy.  This one will do to you just the same as that little neighbor girl bitch.”
I assumed he meant Mikaela.
“I mean,” he carried on in a ragged voice, “That one hardly knew better, not with her step-daddy spreading her legs since she was six years old, but still...she dropped you as soon as your brother was old enough for his cock to stand.”  Danny’s face looked as shocked as mine must have.  He hadn’t known that about Mikaela.
Bill turned back to me, his tears suddenly stopped as he pulled the hammer back.  “This one is just the same.  They’re all the fucking same Danny Boy.”
I felt a long slow exhale escape my body as I turned to face Danny.  I couldn’t hear anything but the roar of the blood in my veins and the beat of my own heart.  His eyes were wide open, his pupils dilated as he stared back at me.  He mouthed something, I think it was “I Love You,” and then I watched as his head slowly, very slowly, turned back to face his father.
Time jolted back to regular speed as Danny rammed Bill from the side, knocking him to the ground in an explosion of sand.  The gun fired, barely missing me as I dove behind the safety of the Impala’s open passenger side door.  I clamped my eyes shut, covering my legs with my arms but I could still hear the loud grunts and thudding sounds as fists hit flesh.
Another gunshot pierced through the night as everything went deadly silent.
I crawled around the door on my hands and knees.  Danny straddled his father’s limp body, the revolver held loosely in his hand.  He grabbed at his hair, huffing loudly before screaming at the top of his lungs.  He tossed the gun into a sandbank, crawling backwards away from the dead body.  I reached out for Danny’s arm, but he crushed me to his chest before I had a chance to touch his hand.
“Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit,” he murmured under his breath, into my hair over and over.  “I killed him,” he finally said, “I killed my own father.”
His tears rained down, mixing with my own.  He finally let go of me with one arm, and using the side of the Impala staggered to his feet.  He held my hand as we walked towards Bill’s body.  He ran a hand through his hair again.  “Oh shit, what did I do?  What did I do?”
“It was self-defense,” I mouthed numbly.  I gathered my strength and my voice.  “It was self-defense,” I said again.
Danny turned to me.  Jesus, he looked pale.  I reached out to him, hoping that my touch would steady him as much as his touch steadied me.  He clamped onto my hands, bending over at his waist as he puked.  He gasped in air only to let out a loud, feral, tortured scream.  I rubbed his back once again repeating numbly, “It was self-defense.”
He looked at me, his brow furrowed with intense pain.  “I have a record, Addy.  When I came back from my wild summer.  The house was a fucking mess and Jack had a massive black eye and his arm was in a cast.  He said he did it skateboarding, but...but I knew it was Dad’s work.  So I just fucking lost it.  I nearly beat Dad to death.  He was in the hospital.  I was in jail for nine months.  It’s why I didn’t start college that fall semester.”
There was his lost year.  The one that nobody would ever tell me about.  I closed my eyes.  Breathed in two, slow, deep breaths.
“What does that mean, Daniel?” I asked, opening my eyes.
He looked at me as if I were about to bolt.  “It means, that when we report this I might go back for manslaughter even if it was in self-defense.  The Goldins don’t exactly have a golden record around here.”
Breathe.  Breathe.
Think.
Think.
“So we don’t report it?” I blurted.  Danny stepped back from me, shocked, I guessed.  “We load him up in a boat and we go dump him in the fucking ocean.”  And then I’ll do what I have to do, I thought to myself.
“Addy,” Danny breathed out.  “I can’t, I can’t hide this.  I did it.”
I pointed a finger at him.  “Fuck that.  Fuck all that.”  I pointed to Bill’s corpse.  “This bastard beat you, beat your brother, your mother.  He tried to kill me.  He died quick and that was more than he fucking deserved.  We’ll dump him in the ocean and hope he goes on to someplace better.”
Danny stood frozen staring at me as if I were a stranger.  I eased closer to him, trying to control my breathing.  “I can’t bear the thought of you going to prison to pay for his sins.  You said your only good memory of him was fishing.  He’d take you out to deep water and fish, right?  You told me that.  So, he might like to have the ocean as his final resting place.  Please,” this was a last ditch shameless effort, “Please Danny, don’t leave me.”
He let out a harsh, pained breath and then with a slight groan nodded.
“Alright love, alright,” he whispered as he turned away from me, a hand to his mouth as he looked again at his father’s fallen form.  I stepped towards him, wrapping my arms around his waist, resting my forehead between his shoulder blades.  His whole body shook.
It’s okay, my love, I thought.  Let’s do what we need to do and then it will all be erased.
We wrapped his body up in the thin blanket we’d just been using for stargazing and shoved him into the trunk.  There was surprisingly little blood considering he’d been shot point blank in the chest, but still I laid a piece of plastic that the guys used to wrap the charter customer’s fish under the wound.
Danny drove straight towards the boats at Charlie’s using his passcode to the office to grab a set of boat keys from the lock box on Charlie’s desk.  Careful to make sure that there were no beachgoer’s out for a late night stroll, we carried Bill’s wrapped body to the the boat and roared away from the dock.  Three miles out, we weighted the body with a spare anchor Danny found below deck, strapping it on with some thick nautical rope.
Danny stood at the back end of the boat, looking at his father’s body on the small wooden deck that families sometimes used for diving.  I placed my hand gently into his.  He made a fist around my fingers and brought them up to his mouth, planting a kiss at the base of my thumb.
“I remember when I was five years old, Jack was barely three and mom was still at home.  He brought me out somewhere around here, just the two of us.  We’d somehow landed in a pod of dolphins.  They swam all around us, some of them surfacing for a better look, others flipping around in the water like they were performing tricks in a show.  That’s my best memory of my dad.”
I leaned against his shoulder.  “That’s a great memory, Danny.”
I felt his body shudder and heard him fight back a swell of tears.
“He gave me my brother, too.  That’s something.”
I rubbed my free hand up the length of his clenched arm.  He held my other hand in a vise grip against chest.  I’d almost lost circulation entirely.  It stung as the blood rushed back to my fingertips when he released them.  He crouched down next to the body, his elbows resting on his knees.
“Vaya con dios, Bill,” he whispered, as he shoved the body into the water.  The blanket formed a quick bubble as the body plunged beneath the surface and then completely disappeared.  Danny stood, wiped a few stray tears from his cheeks with the sleeve of his shirt and walked down to the galley.  I saw him rubbing his hands roughly with a sponge until they were red and raw from the hot water and soap.  He cleaned the sink quickly and then walked back up to the cockpit, revving the engine to life.  I looked down at the black space, the bit of ocean, that swallowed up Bill as if he were nothing.  He was gone.
Danny drove slowly back to the docks and since neither of us felt like talking I busied myself with cleaning the deck.  There was a small bit of blood, but a quick scrubbing with some bleach and the same sponge I’d watched Danny scrub his hands with took care of it.  I tossed the biodegradable sponge overboard when Danny wasn’t looking.
Danny parked the boat and returned the keys to the office while I disposed of the bloody piece of plastic from the trunk in a nearby ‘blood and guts wagon,’ which is what I called the really nasty trash cans next to the fish cleaning stations along the dock.  I checked the Impala carefully.  There was only one piece of evidence remaining, the gun, but I needed that for what I had planned.  I put it back in the trunk.
Danny walked down to me and wrapped his arms around me, leaning his forehead against mine.  I could feel him shuddering slightly.  He’d never forget what he did, not unless I forced him too.  I leaned up, kissing his tense lips.  He sighed against me.
“I’m sorry about this, Danny,” I whispered to his lips.
“Sorry for what...”
His words drowned out as I placed my palms flat on either side of his neck.  Images bloomed in full color behind my closed eyelids.  They were vivid, more vivid than anything I’d ever seen before.  I could hear, smell, feel everything.  I saw myself as Danny looked at me and then back at his father.  Watched from his eyes as he rammed his shoulder into his father’s ribcage, tossing him back to the ground.  Felt the shock of his father landing a hard punch on his face, and then another.  Felt the shock of my hand, no, Danny’s hand as it crushed itself into his father’s ribs causing him to drop the gun.  Then the mad scramble through the sand as they fought to get the weapon.  Danny grabbed it, but his father’s hands tried to jerk it away, causing the gun to go off.  I felt the pain.  The utter and complete hurt Danny felt as the weight of the gun jerked hard in his hand and he realized he had just ended his father’s life.
Memories were like living things.  They started in one spot, but quickly spread deep roots.  Memories like the ones I was digging through, really emotional ones, rooted through the entire brain taking hold wherever they could whenever they could.  A memory this new shouldn’t run this deep, I thought.
I searched for the ends of the memory of killing his father, but every time I thought I was close another memory sprang up, the one from a young Danny’s eyes watching dolphins mixing with the feeling of the dead cold body against his hands as he pushed it into the water.  I couldn’t take one without taking the other.  He’d lose his favorite memory of his father along with the worst.
I yanked at the memory as if it were a physical thing, ripping and pulling and gnashing at it with all my strength.  Finally...finally...it gave.
Gone.
But I wasn’t done yet.  I had to change things.  Leave memories in the blank spaces that I’d just made.  I replayed a few of the images from the night.  Bill threatening me, firing the gun three times over our heads.  Waving it around like a madman.  But in this version Danny talked the gun out of his dad’s hand.  Danny turned tossing the gun in the trunk, locking it closed.  Bill attacked him, landing one punch on Danny’s cheekbone, and knocking him down in the sand.  Danny fought him off and Bill ran away, over a sand dune.  We, trying to get our minds off of it, took a boat out on the water to look at the stars away from the lights of the town.  Danny knew I loved doing that.
Pain.  Immense fucking horrible pain ripped through my head.  All I could see was a blinding light.
I stumbled back, shaking my head.  I hurt.  I fucking hurt everywhere.  I brought my hand up to my nose.  It was gushing blood.  My hand and most of my arm came back red with it.
“Addison,” someone said to me.
I searched around me, but my eyes couldn’t focus.
Hands grabbed me.  I jerked away from them, fought them off.
My swirling vision finally steadied enough for me to see a man standing in front of me.  He had dark brown hair, highlighted with bits of gold as if he’d been out in the sun a long time.  His eyes were an incredibly dark blue.
“Daniel Goldin?” I asked.  Why in hell was I standing in front of Daniel Goldin from my Sociology class?  Was I on a beach?  I could hear the sounds of ocean waves crashing against a shore.  The ground moved beneath me, swayed.  I looked down.  I was on a dock.
And then...it all went black.

PART II
As written by Daniel Goldin, because I couldn't remember.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN
Addison passed out.  I barely had time to grab her limp body before she tipped over the edge of the dock, falling into the water.
She’d had some sort of seizure, like the one I’d seen her have before but a thousand times worse.  Her whole body shook with the force of it.  Her eyes rolled up into her skull and her nose started bleeding.  Then she came to, looked at me is if she didn’t know who in the hell I was, said my name like a question, wiped at her bloody nose and passed out.
I scooped her up in my arms and ran towards the Impala parked at the end of the dock.  I laid her down in the backseat, thankful that I owned a car where she could lay comfortably.  I checked my watch.  3 AM.  She needed to go to a hospital.  I tore out of the parking lot and drove the six miles to the nearest emergency room like a bat outta hell.  I could hear her breathing, and I’d checked her pulse.
I skidded to a stop at the hospital entrance.
“Help!  My girlfriend had a seizure!” I yelled, sliding over the hood of the car so that I could help pull her out of the backseat.  Two men dressed in light blue scrubs met me with a gurney.  I laid her flat on it and backed away as their hands covered her, checking her pulse and her breathing, straightening her neck.
“How long has she been out, sir?”
“About ten minutes.  We live on Quintana Beach,” I said, following close behind as they wheeled her into the bright lights of the hospital.  Her hand lay dangling over the edge.  I grabbed it, squeezing her small fingers before placing it back against her hip.
“What happened, sir?”
I shook my head, “I don’t know.  We were coming in off the boat.  She leaned in to kiss me and then her whole body started shaking.  Her nose bled real bad and then she blacked out.”
They wheeled her into a small area just to the right of the doors.  A man with a stethoscope, the doctor I guessed, jogged in and started asking the other men a bunch of questions.  They shoved me out of the way, pushing me to the back of the room where I had to stretch up to see her.  She looked so small and with that blood all over her face...
“She’s done this before,” I blurted.  The doctor turned back to me, his eyebrows arched.  I ran my hands through my hair, searching for more details.  “She did the same thing but not this bad.  Her nose still bled, though.  But she didn’t black out that time.”
“Any pre existing conditions?” he asked, “Diabetic?  Anything?”
I shook my head no.
The doctor nodded and turned back to Addison.  He started barking a bunch of acronyms at everyone around him, while busily plugging an IV into her arm.  He checked her breathing, and obviously wasn’t satisfied by what he heard, because he tilted her head back and stuck one of those plastic tubes down her throat.  Jesus, they were being so rough with her.  He plugged the tube into a ventilator machine that immediately started pumping air into her body.
My phone buzzed in my pocket.  I took it out.  Ten missed calls.  All from Jack.
“Hello,” I answered.  The nurses grabbed the sheet on the gurney and on the count of three lifted her up and over to a hospital bed.
“What the hell, Dan.  Where are you?” Jack asked.  I could hear Mikaela’s voice from somewhere near him.
“I’m at the Brazosport hospital.  Addison had a seizure,” I answered.
The line went silent.
“We’re on our way, Dan.”
I clicked ‘End’ on my phone and stuck it back in my pocket.  The doctor turned to me, looking over the edge of his glasses as he spoke.
“She’s stable.  Her vitals are strong.  We’re going to run some tests.  Did anything, anything, happen tonight that I need to know about?”
Shit.  My eye felt swollen from where Dad had punched me.
“My father.  He attacked us, hit me, just after midnight but he ran off.  Then we went out on the boat.  She seemed fine.”
The doctor eyed me carefully.
“I need to call the police if someone attacked her.”
I nodded my head, running my hands through my hair again.
“I...  I disarmed him.  There’s a gun in my trunk.”  I looked out the hospital doors.  The Impala was caterwauled in the driveway, still running.
The doctor said, “Do not move.  I’m calling the police.”
I nodded again.  I had no intention of leaving Addison’s side anyway.
The police arrived about sixty seconds before Jack and Mickey blew through the doors.  When the police blocked Mickey from coming near me or Addy she just about lost it.  Jack grabbed her arms before she had a chance to slap one of them and really screwed us over.
“Mr. Goldin,” the police officer in front of me said, snapping my attention back to him.  “You were telling me what happened.”
I shook my head.  I’d never felt so fucking exhausted in my life.  “We were laying out on the beach.  We’d gone to dinner because it was my birthday.  I saw it was midnight which is when my brother’s girlfriend got off work.  We started to head back.  My dad showed up out of nowhere.  Threatened Addy.  Fired his gun up in the air three times.  I managed to talk him down.  I grabbed the gun, locked it in my trunk, and then he came at me.  He punched me in the face, knocked me in the sand.  I’m pretty sure I landed one on his ribs and then he ran off.”
The officer nodded, jotting notes down on his tiny little pad of paper.  The nurse next to Addison’s bed was drawing her blood.  “And why didn’t you report this Mr. Goldin?”
I hesitated long enough for him to look up at me.  I didn’t know why I didn’t call the cops right then.  I should have, but when I tried to remember some thought process I’d gone through just after the confrontation my memory was weirdly blank.
“I have a record.  Assault against my dad.  He broke my little brother’s arm two years ago and I put Dad in the hospital when I found out,” I finally said, answering as best I could.
“I remember that.  September 2011 wasn’t it?  And I’ve heard about your dad too, Mr. Goldin.  We’ve heard...concerns at the station more than once about both you boys,” he said absently.  If the police had had reports about the abuse my brother and I suffered through, this was the first I’d heard about it.  The officer jotted more notes down just as another came in with my dad’s revolver in a large plastic bag.  “And I was the one called out to Fish Chips the other night,” he added.  “That the gun?” the officer asked pointing to it.
“Yes, sir.”
More writing.
“But Miss Franklin’s current condition had nothing to do with all this?” he asked.
I shook my head.  Rubbed the back of my neck with my hand.  My body ached.
“No sir, I don’t think so.  That was at midnight.  We went to Charlie’s - that’s my boss - boat deck and we took out a boat because Addy likes to see the stars without all the town lights.  When we got back to town a half hour ago, I tied up the boat, put the keys back in the office and I was walking towards her when she leaned up like she was going to kiss me and then she just started shaking.  It was really fucking scary.”  I looked up at the officer.  “Sorry about my language, sir,” I apologized.
He nodded, wrote a few more things on his tablet, clicked it shut and put it in his back pocket.  He pointed to the evidence bag with the gun.  “We’re going to run that through ballistics and run an APB on your father, William Goldin but he goes by Bill...” - I nodded - “so we’ll be in touch.”
“Yes’ sir,” I said numbly.
As soon as the cops stepped away from me, Mikaela and Jack pounced.  Mikaela’s hair was all tangled, she had zero eye makeup on, which meant they’d already been to bed once and Jack had probably had to wake her up to come to the hospital.  She hugged her arms tightly around herself.
“Shit, I was scared Danny.  You two said you’d be back when the bar closed but when you didn’t show up...” Jack whispered.
I backed away from them, nodding my head.  I slumped down in a chair next to Addy’s bed.  Nurses came and went, preparing her for a few tests and marking things on a clipboard hanging at the foot of her bed.  I rubbed at my eyes.
“What happened?” Mikaela asked.  I waved off her question.  I was sick of rehashing the story and judging by how she’d been craning her neck at me earlier I knew she’d already heard it once.
“Addy had a seizure, I guess.  The doctor said he needed to run some tests,” I mumbled.
Mikaela edged to the bed and sat down beside Addy, taking her hand in her lap.  Addy’s finger had one of those plastic clamp things on it that beeped out her heartbeat on the monitor over my head.
“What about Dad?” Jack asked.
I shook my head.  “Son of a bitch tried to shoot her-” my voice wavered as I remembered what Bill said about Mikaela and her step-father.  I watched her rubbing Addy’s hand between hers.  Addy’s fine ivory skin blending with Mickey’s dark tanned fingers and hot pink painted fingernails.  The paint was chipping off.  “Anyway, I got the gun away from him and he ran off.”
Jack stuck his hands in his jean pockets, shifting back and forth on his heels.  His face contorted.  “He’s lost it man.  He was shouting all kinds of shit about Theresa and blaming Addison for all kinds of...  He’s gone, man,” I mumbled.
Jack nodded quickly, breathing in harshly through his nose.  He held no more love for our father than I did.  Maybe even less because he didn’t remember anything good.  He was so fucking young when mom left.  At least I had a few memories of my father taking me fishing.  I remember one time...
Shit.  My brain went all foggy like I couldn’t remember something important.  I rubbed my eyes.  Jack’s hand came down on my shoulder, squeezing it lightly.  “The cops will find him, Dan.  Hopefully Bill will go away for good this time.”  His face contorted, his lips coming together in a firm line.  “I’m so sick of him, Dan.  So fucking sick of his shit.”
I covered his hand with mine before he pulled it away as the doctor walked back into our wall of curtains.  He introduced himself as Dr. Hughes.
“Do you have her emergency contacts?” he asked me.
I shook my head.  “Umm, Addison doesn’t really have any family.  Her mom is in some place called Serenity Health in Arkansas.  Her grandma passed in 2006, I think.  Her dad was never around.”  The doctor bit into his lower lip, nodding his head.  “Her phone-” I looked to Mikaela who nodded and jogged out of the room to get Addy’s purse from my car.  I briefly wondered if it was still parked at the ER’s front doors, or maybe the cops moved it.
Either way it must not have been far because Mickey ran back in in seconds and tossed me Addy’s small handbag.  Her iPhone lay at the bottom.  I scrolled down until I saw the number next to Serenity Valley Health Center pop up.  I handed the phone to Dr. Hughes who scribbled the number down on his clipboard and handed it back to me.
“Her mom’s name is Sarah.  Her doctor is, ummm, Dr. Sham,” I said, reciting the few small details Addison had told me.  “But her mom doesn’t know who Addy is.  She’s got some sort of mental...problem.”
Dr. Hughes’s eyes flicked up at me for a long minute.  He stepped out of the way as two attendings came in and began arranging Addison’s tubes and machines so they could move her.
“Where are they taking her?” I asked, jumping up to follow.
Dr. Hughes shook his head.  “CT scan,” he answered, adding, “You can’t follow.”  He nodded to a small woman in white scrubs who came in with an armload of paperwork.  “Mr. Goldin we need you to sign all Miss Franklin’s admitting papers.  Fill them out as best you can, okay?  We’ll be right back.”
Hours passed.  Mikaela found some black sludge they were passing off as coffee.  I downed three cups of the stuff while filling out the forms.  Sign here.  Initial here.  Name.  Address.  Blood Type.  I left spots blank.  I loved the girl but we hadn’t gotten to the conversations that involved our blood types yet.  I’m A positive.
I handed all the paperwork back to the nurse in white who was quick to inform me that payment was due as services were rendered.  I wanted to tell her to fuck off, but I didn’t.  I just nodded.
Dr. Hughes came back and informed us that Addy had been moved to a private room in the ICU, Intensive Care Unit, wing of the hospital.
“But I need to speak with you first in the radiology room, Mr. Goldin.”  He led me to a small room, with two giant computer screens.  Up on the screen was a black and white picture of an oval shape.  It didn’t take me long to figure out it was Addy’s brain.  Most of the image was grey, outlined by the thick black and white lines of her skull bones.  Dr. Hughes pointed to the image, “This is Addison’s brain.  Now-” he stood, pointing with the tip of his pin to a large, circular object in one corner of the picture - “that is a tumor.  I believe it is a Glioblastoma multiforme.”
I felt my stomach lurch up into my mouth.  I was going to puke.  I swallowed down the bile and tried to focus on what the doctor was telling me.
“It’s in her temporal lobe.  And it is big.”  He looked at me, pausing to see if I was understanding.  I nodded, despite the fact I was pretty sure I didn’t fucking understand.
“The temporal lobe is responsible for memory.”
My head swam.  I couldn’t process this much information, not like this, not all at once.
“So what does that mean?” I asked.
“It is a very aggressive form of cancer.  If she goes into surgery and undergoes radiation therapy she could survive two years at most.  Without surgery, it could be as little as 3 months.
“Now here is the interesting part Mr. Goldin.”  He flicked on another screen showing another brain.  “I just got off the phone with Dr. Sham in Arkansas.  He sent me these.  We’re wired to these new nationwide hospital servers...  Anyway, these scans belong to Addison’s mother.  They were taken three months ago.”
He pointed to another circle.  “See that.  Same tumor.  Same place as Addison’s. And these-”
Another screen, another brain.
“These are from the grandmother that passed in 2006.  Dr. Sham was her attending physician also.  Same tumor.  Same place.”
I looked at the three scans facing me.  I didn’t understand what I was looking at but Dr. Hughes’s tone implied that it must be really important.
“I don’t understand,” I mouthed.  Numb.  “Did Addy’s grandmother die from this tumor?”
The doctor flicked the screens off and sat on one of the computer desks.  He pulled off his glasses, rubbing the bridge of his nose.  “No, she died from a blood clot complication during the surgery to remove the tumor.”  He held out a hand to me, “ Mr. Goldin, I don’t mean to worry you here but I’ve never seen anything like this before.  I’ve never heard of a predisposition for brain tumors running in families,” he said.
Fucking great.
“Which is why I’ve called in a specialist from Houston.  He’s flying in on a chopper.  He should be here within an hour.”  Dr. Hughes stood and put his hand on my shoulder guiding me out of the room into the brightly lit hallway.  “Addison’s in ICU room 4.  You can go in there, but your friends will have to stay in the waiting room.”  He hustled down the hall, looking at the beeping pager strapped to his pants.  Some other emergency needed him.
I felt my body sway against the cold hospital wall.  Felt the world shift beneath my feet.  What the hell was I supposed to do now?

CHAPTER FIFTEEN
I touched Addison’s hand on top of the scratchy hospital blanket.  Her fingers were cold.  I rubbed them between my palms, trying to warm them.  The hospital staff had cleaned the bulk of the blood and her green dress had been cut off, replaced by a blue, paper hospital gown.  She was still intubated and other electrodes and wires covered her chest, running up and out of her gown and fingers along with the IV in her wrist.  I leaned my forehead against her arm, breathing in for one long moment.  Mikaela and Jack were down in the waiting room.  When I told them that they couldn’t come up, I had noticed the sun rising.  A fucking brain tumor.  That sounds like something that happens on a soap opera.
Addy’s fingers moved against my hand.  I jerked up, staring at her face.  Her dark eyelashes fluttered.  I hit the ‘Call’ button located next to her bed.  Two nurses rushed in just as Addison’s eyes flew open.  She began choking on the intubation tube, gagging at the foreign thing in her throat.  The nurse quickly grabbed the tube, pulling it up and out and tossing it on a tray next to her bed.
Addison’s eyes looked wild and she coughed several times while trying to take in large breaths of air.  The nurse shined a light in her eyes, one at a time, holding her eyelids open with their thumb and index finger.
“Miss Franklin?  Addison Franklin, do you understand me?” the nurse asked.
Addison nodded her head, still coughing.
“You had a seizure, Miss Franklin.  Do you remember that?”
She shook her head no.
“Can you breathe Miss Franklin?”
Addy nodded, but her brow was furrowed.  If she could breathe it was just barely.
The nurse smiled at Addy and then looked up at me.  “I’ll go get the doctor.”  She scurried out of the room.  Seconds later I heard a “Paging Dr. Hughes.  ICU.  Paging Dr. Hughes,” crackle over the loudspeaker.
I sat down in the chair next to Addy’s bed, still holding her hand.  She looked at me like I was a stranger, jerking her hand out of mine.  She took in one big heaving breath.  I stood up, wiping her bangs out of her eyes.  She pulled away from my touch.
“Addy?” I asked.
“Did you bring me here?” she said, her voice hoarse and unnatural.
“Of course, Addy.  You passed out on the dock,” I said.
Her eyebrows tugged together and her mouth went slack.  “The dock?” she said, repeating the word as if she’d never heard it before.
“Yeah, we went out to look at the stars on Charlie’s boat.  Addy, are you alright?”  I looked towards the door.  Where was the fucking doctor?
“You’re Daniel Goldin, right?  You helped me with the projector in Socio?” she asked, jerking my attention back.
Now, I’m sure a lot of different things should have gone through my mind at the time, but all I could think was Oh. Shit.
“You...don’t remember...me?” I asked hesitantly just as Dr. Hughes breezed into the room.  I backed away from the bed while he took her pulse, shined the light in her eyes, asked her a bunch of questions about what she remembered and did she know where she was?  Through the whole conversation her eyes kept jerking back and forth between him and me.  But I didn’t sense an ounce of recognition when she looked at me.  It fucking broke my heart.
I spotted Mikaela and Jack at the doorway, Mikaela rushed past two nurses trying to hold her back, Jack not far behind.  Dr. Hughes waved the nurses away.  I swear I heard the women growl as they passed through the doors, obviously irritated that he was allowing unwanted guests on their floor.
Addy’s face lit up.  “Jack!” she said to him.
I stepped back up to the bed as Jack sat down on her other side.  She smiled up at him as if he were the sun and she’d been freezing.
“You remember, Jack?” I asked, unable to hide the emotion in my voice.
Addison looked at me, her brow furrowed as if she thought I were an idiot.  “Of course, I know Jack.  He’s my roommate,” she said with a sarcastic tone in her voice.  She looked to Mikaela and waved, “Hey, Mik.”
Mikaela looked between the two of us and visibly paled.  Mickey was always good at reading people and I felt confident that in that moment I was practically screaming with every fiber in my being.
“You don’t remember me?” I repeated, because she hadn’t answered me the first time.  Addy looked at me again, squinting her eyes as if she were trying to sort out a puzzle.
“Am I supposed to?” she asked hesitantly, looking between me and Jack.
“You don’t remember Danny?” Jack asked.  “My brother.”
She looked at Jack as if he’d just sprouted two heads.  “You have a brother?”  She looked at me.  “That’s funny.  He was in my Sociology class last semester.”
Okay.  Fuck this.
I looked to Dr. Hughes who had been carefully watching the whole exchange.  I raised my eyebrows at him, begging him to explain what. the. fuck. was. going. on.
He breathed out, lowering his clipboard to his waist as he looked at Addison.  “Memory loss will be normal.  Remember Mr. Goldin-” he said looking at me, “-I told you the tumor was in the temporal lobe?”
“I have a BRAIN TUMOR?” Addy yelled, clenching Jack’s hand in her own.  I cringed.  Dr. Hughes sucked in his breath.  He’d obviously not meant to break the news to Addy in that way.
“Yes, Miss Franklin.  It’s the same type as your mothers?” Dr. Hughes commented, no doubt hoping his question had been rhetorical.
Addy ducked her chin to her chest and nodded.  I could tell by the tension in her shoulders that she was trying not to cry.
“We have a specialist coming in any minute to discuss your options.  The best choice in my opinion is surgery,” the doctor finished.
Addy breathed out a quick breath, closing her eyes.  It took everything I had inside of me not to pull her into my arms.  I felt a few hot tears drip over my cheeks.  I wiped them away with my hand quickly.  Why I don’t know?  I guess I didn’t want anyone to see my tears over a girl that didn’t remember who I was, a girl who was now holding my brother’s hand as if it were a lifeline.  Jack eyed me, nodding his head while flicking his eyebrows up in a gesture meant to bring me closer to Addy’s side.
I shook my head back and forth, mouthing a no.  Jack turned to Dr. Hughes.  “Why doesn’t she remember Danny?  But she remembers me.”
The doc pushed the nose of his glasses up, thinking for a moment.  Finally he shrugged his shoulders (shrugs...such a fucking useless gesture despite the fact that I do them all the time) and shook his head.  “I have no idea.  Usually when a patient loses memories, they are whole bits of time, not...individuals.”  He nodded and then left the room.  Jack attempted to move but Addy clenched his hand hard enough to bring him back down to her side.
“You’re not leaving are you, Jack?” she said, her eyes wide with fear.  Jack looked at her then me, clearly nervous with the situation.  I nodded my head.  He sat back down.
“No, sis.  I’ll stay right here,” Jack answered.
“Then you other two kids have to leave,” said a short, round, woman with a hairy upper lip.  “One visitor at a time in the ICU ward.  She eyed Mickey and me and waved a hand at the door.  As I passed Jack, he shrugged (again with the fucking shrugging!) and turned to look back at Addison.  I stormed out of the room, Mickey trailing behind me.
We found the nearest waiting room and slumped down into the faded blue, stained tweed seats.  Did they make this shit as uncomfortable as possible on purpose?  Probably a back surgeons plan. Bastards.
Mickey bought a Nestle Crunch bar out of the vending machine.  She gobbled up half and then handed the rest to me.  I shoved her hand away.
“You gotta eat Minnie,” she said.
“I can’t eat right now.  I feel sick to my stomach.”  I did.  I was pretty sure I needed to puke my fucking guts out, but I was too tired to bother.  Mickey finished off the candy bar and tossed the trash in a waste bin at the end of the row of chairs.  Minutes dragged along in slow motion.  There was a fly caught on our side of a giant window.  It kept slamming itself against the glass in a futile attempt to reach the bright sun and green trees just a millimeter away.  I could relate.
“So,” Mickey breathed out, “she remembers Jack.”  I’m sure she didn’t mean to sound vindictive about it, but Mickey was never good at hiding her feelings.
“She thinks he’s her roommate, Mickey.  That’s all,” I breathed out.
“But how does she think they met?  That doesn’t make any sense!”
“She has a tumor the size of a golf ball in her brain.  Her wirings all messed up I guess.”  I leaned my head back against the wall behind me, closing my eyes.  I felt Mickey’s hand take mine.  It was the first time I remember her touching me since the night of graduation when I caught her having sex with Jack.
~
I woke up to Jack shaking my shoulder.  He sat down beside me, leaning his elbows on his knees.  The sun outside was brighter.  It must be around noon.  I’d slept for three or four hours.  “Where’s Mickey?” I asked, yawning.
Jack flicked his chin in the direction of the doors.  “Out for a smoke.  She’s had at least half a pack this morning alone.  So much for me rationing her.”  He ducked his head down.  “The specialist came and talked to me and Addison.”
I jerked upright.  “What?  Why the hell didn’t you wake me up?”
“Addy didn’t want me to.  I’m...I’m sorry, bro.  I figured you’d want her to be calm when she spoke to the guy.”  Jack looked tortured.  I could tell he didn’t like the role as strange mediator between me and Addison.
“The guy wants to cut her head open and take out the tumor.  But there’s like...this huge fucking risk that she can die during the surgery.”  He breathed out raggedly.  “Christ, Danny.  She...she asked me what I thought.”
“Well what did you say?”
He threw his hands in the air.  “I... ran out of the room.  Fuck, I don’t know what to do.  I don’t know why she doesn’t remember you!  She needs you, not me.  I’m not good with this shit!”
Several pairs of eyes were looking at us accusingly.  I stood, putting my arm around my little brother’s shoulders.  “Calm down, Jackson.  Look I’ve got to tell you something...”  I looked around the waiting room.  What I was about to say would sound weird to my brother but downright insane to a complete stranger.  “Come on let’s go to Addy’s room.”
We walked down the cold hallway.  Hospitals always smelled like antiseptic.  Or was that death?  Did death smell like that nose burning, lemon-lime shit?  I once read that outer space smelled like fresh baked cookies in the space station.
We popped into Addy’s room just as a nurse finished taking another blood sample.  She sat leaning back against her raised hospital bed.  Her eyes flicked over Jack and then me, lingering on me just a moment.
I closed the door as the nurse left and walked to Addy’s bed.  I took in a deep breath, exhaling through my nose.
“Addy,” I started, “I know you don’t know who the hell I am, but you told me about your superpower.”  She visibly jerked back, surprised by my words.  “You told me about the memory erase thing and how you could do it, but when you did it you lost a memory of your own.”  Jack looked at me stupified.
I sat down on her bed, painfully noting how she shifted away from me.  “You told me, because I love you Addison.”  Her brow furrowed.  Still no sign of recognition in her eyes.  “And I think,” I fought for words, “Well, I think you erased something big, really big last night, and that’s why you don’t remember me.”
I dug in my pocket, finding my car keys.  I threw them to Jack, who caught them mid air.  “I need you to go get my laptop and Addy’s iPad from the apartment.  I need to show her some pictures.”
Jack nodded, leaving the room.  Addy leaned towards the door as he left, visibly cowering, because she didn’t feel comfortable alone with me I thought.  She had a few stray hairs hovering around her mouth.  I really, really wanted to brush them behind her ear.  I closed my eyes and breathed out.  I took a chance and reached for her hand in her lap.  She tensed but let me hold it.  “What does this all have to do with my tumor?” she asked.  “I mean, I know that you want me to remember but I still have this tumor.”
“Your grandmother died from the same surgery,” I said bluntly.
She nodded.  “The doctors said the chance of that was slim.”
“As slim as three people in the same family being diagnosed with the exact same brain tumor?” I asked.  She sucked in a breath.
I leaned into her.  “But what if its not a tumor,” I pleaded.  “Your grandmother had the same thing.  Your mother has the same thing.  She doesn’t know who you are, just like you don’t know who I am.”  I’d been thinking over all this as I fell asleep in that waiting room.  “What if this thing is a part of you, a part of who you are and if you dig it out you die, love?”  My voice broke as the term of endearment slipped out.  I shouldn’t have said it.  It must be fucking bizarre to have someone come up to you and say these things and you don’t know who the hell that person is.
She sighed, her shoulders visibly dropping with the effort of it.  She looked as exhausted as I felt.  “The doctors say I will keep having these spells.”
I grabbed her hand with both mine now.  “You only have a ‘spell’ when you use it.”  I gathered myself, willing my voice to sound firm, confident.  “I’ve seen it happen three times.  In April, you erased our first kiss.  You shook and had a nosebleed.  That’s when you told me about your superpower.  The second time, you dicked with these frat guys.  I think they were bothering you and Mickey and you turned them into those dudes from...what’s that movie, Brokeback Mountain.”  Her nose turned up.  “You forgot about your favorite TV show that time, Supernatural,” I added.  And then as if a light bulb suddenly illuminated she said, “I remember that.”  She shook her head.  “I can’t see any details.  It’s all blurry.”
She looked down to our hands.  “I love that show,” she mumbled.
“And last night,” I continued.  “Something bad must have happened.  I don’t remember anything bad.  But my dad was there and now he’s missing.”  I took a deep breath.  “Addy I think something really bad happened and you erased my memory of it and in the process you lost me.”
“What could be so bad that I’d risk losing you?” she asked, her eyes wide as she stared up at me.  She still felt something for me, something deep that couldn’t be erased along with her memories.
“If anyone, even my Dad, threatened you-”  I sucked in a deep breath.  “My memory and my instinct are telling me two different things.  I never would have let him just run off if he ever threatened you.  I love you.”
She pulled her hand from my grip and held it to her forehead, not breathing.  I eased closer to her.  “Tell me you feel uncomfortable around me.  Tell me that your body isn’t used to me being around.  Not your brain...your body, your heart,” I said holding my hand on her chest.  I could feel her heartbeat against my palm.  She looked down at my hand and then up at my eyes, holding my gaze for several breaths.
“You don’t feel like a stranger, no,” she finally breathed out.  I was so close to her.  Close enough that I could feel her breath on the skin of my neck.  I leaned down and pressed my lips against hers.  She clenched my shirt in her hands, her whole body tense but then her lips parted and I felt her relax against me.  I felt her exhale.
Then she jerked against the back of the bed, clamping her eyes shut as her head jerked down towards her collarbone.  The heart monitor started beeping erratically and two nurses appeared out of nowhere, shoving me aside.  Addy gasped in one long breath as her eyes popped open.  A trickle of blood leaked out the corner of her nose.
“Miss Franklin,” the nurse said shining a light in her eyes, “Can you hear me Miss Franklin?”
Addy nodded.  “Dolphins,” she said as if unaware of the people buzzing around her checking vitals and wires and machines.  “I saw a pod of dolphins swimming around my boat.”
The nurses shared a concerned look and one of them rushed out of the room.  I heard the familiar sounds of the interhospital paging system buzz over the loudspeakers.  “Do you know what she’s talking about?” the remaining nurse asked me.
Dolphins?  I don’t think I’d ever seen a pod of dolphins with Addy.  Something tingled in the back of my mind, a memory from my own childhood maybe, but it was all blurry.  “No, I don’t know what she’s talking about?” I answered.
The nurse nodded her head and then left the room in a hurry.  Addy rubbed her hand on her forehead.  She wiped away the blood with the sleeve of her hospital gown.
“That fucking hurt,” she said, looking at me.  “Felt like somebody rammed a railroad spike through my ear.”
I hesitantly walked closer to her bed.  My kiss hurt her, somehow.
“Is that what it feels like when you take a memory away?” I asked, curious about something.
She nodded, “If it’s a deep one, yes.  But that felt slightly different.  And I gained a memory that time.  I saw dolphins around a boat and a man.”   She looked up at me, her brow furrowed.  “He looked sort of like you.”
“I’ve never seen a pod with you.”
She breathed out a heavy frustrated sigh, leaning back against the bed.  Thirty minutes later, after we’d suffered several rounds of concerned nurses and Dr. Hughes, Jack rushed into the room, carrying a large duffle bag.  “I got a bunch of clothes for both of you.  Don’t blame my poor sense of taste, though.”  He smiled, plopping the bag on the foot of her bed and handing her the iPad I’d bought her for a late birthday present when we moved in together.  She pushed the button at the bottom and sucked in a breath.  I knew her lock screen picture was of me and her kissing on the sailboat.  She stared at the screen until it faded.  She pushed the button again and then looked at me.  “I suppose you don’t know my passcode?”
I leaned over her and typed in the numbers 1 - 2 - 3 - 5 revealing yet another picture of all four of us on her Home Screen.  Jack arched an eyebrow at me.
“She doesn’t remember anything, yet,” I mumbled in response.
Jack smiled, snorting out a short breath through his nose.  “Well, you’re good with weird,” he said, looking to Addison.  She didn’t notice his comment, busy flipping through her Photos folder.  Her finger kept swiping across the screen, revealing yet another photo of another event she didn’t remember.
“Jesus,” she said under her breath, “I don’t remember any of this.”  I sucked in a heavy breath, thinking about all those moments we had no pictures of; the sea turtles nesting, our first time together, the last time we were together with her hanging out of the Impala’s window screaming at the top of her lungs how much she loved me, me telling her I wanted to marry her...everything.
A doctor I hadn’t met yet walked into the room.  “Addy, what happened?” he asked a little too cheerfully as he walked to her bed, looking at the machine’s screens surrounding her.  He was young and looked like one of those doctors off of Grey’s Anatomy, what did Mickey call them Doctor McScrewMes.
Jack nodded to him, “Dr. Glavin from Houston.  The specialist.”
Dr. Glavin nodded, grinning at me as he noted something on a print-out coming from one of the machines.  “You must be Daniel.  The mysterious boyfriend we have no memory of?”  He looked to Addy who nodded meekly, glancing up at me from under her eyelashes.  He leaned into Addy and whispered just loud enough for me to hear.  “I think you should remember him, Addy.  He’s not bad.”  His eyes grazed up and down me and flicked over Jack, before turning back to Addy with his eyebrows raised.  “Two of them, brothers no less.  Lucky girl!”
What the fuck?  Ever heard of professionalism, dude?
Jack smiled at the doctor and then eyed me shaking his head.  Addy smiled and even laughed for half a second so I let the comment pass.
“Have you decided about the surgery, my girl?” Dr. Glavin asked.  “Time is of the essence with these things.”
She nodded.  “I need to talk about it with my friends.  There are those things we talked about...”
Dr. Glavin nodded without missing a beat.  “Yes, the brain hopper superpower.  That is interesting.”  The pager on his pants started beeping.  He reached down, switching it off.  For a guy who was shipped here especially for Addy, the hospital seemed to be taking advantage.  “Well, I have to go back to Houston by this evening.  I suggest we come up with our decision before then.  Excuse me, I have to take a call.”  He rushed out of the room, flicking a cell phone out of his scrubs pocket.  I hated the way people in these kinds of professions said ‘we’ and ‘our’ decision.  It was her brain.
“You told him about the superpower?” I asked.  She nodded.
Jack breathed out, drawing my attention to him.  “She told him that earlier, while I was in here.  I thought she’d gone bat-shit but then you come blazing in here and say the same thing.  Now I’m more than a little confused.”  He smiled that easy Jackson smile that everybody loved.
“It’s real Jack,” Addy said, sounding like herself for the first time all morning.  Sassy.  Confident.
Jack raised his hands.  “I believe you, sis.  I believe you. Hey,” he looked around the room, his hands on his hips.  “I’ve got to go pick up Mik.  I dropped her off at her apartment so she could shower and then I’ll go by the restaurant and Charlie’s to tell them we won’t be in today at least.”  I nodded my head.  Shit, I’d completely forgot about the charter we had booked this morning.  Charlie was probably pissed.  "I'll walk you out," I said.
We walked out into the hallway.  The light above her door was flickering like you'd imagine a hospital in a zombie video game would.  Jack hit me on the shoulder.  "Sis will be alright," he said with a forced smile.  He'd been calling her 'sis' ever since I brought Addison home that first weekend.  It was an inside joke, one I'd never shared with Addy, implying that he knew I was going to marry her from that first moment.  "I hope so," I sighed.  He hugged me hard, patting me on the back as he turned and walked away.  I sucked in a deep breath as I opened the door and walked back into her room.
She sat playing with her iPad again.  “If you want me to,” I started to say, but hesitated as she looked up at me, “Tell you about any of those pictures.  I could, you know?”
A smile tugged at the corner of her mouth.  “Thanks Danny,” she said, her cheeks flushing red.  Wow, it had been a while since I made her blush like that.  I still loved it.  I would always love it.  I would always love her.  I’d make her remember me, or...I’d just relive everything.  That wouldn’t be so bad.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN
I sat down in a hospital chair near her bed.  These chairs were much better than the ones in the waiting room and could almost pass as comfortable.  I dragged a smaller plastic chair over and used it to prop my feet up.  I looked over to see Addy staring at me.
“Are you...planning on staying here?” she asked slowly.  I hadn’t really thought about it, honestly.  I just assumed I would be staying.  I dropped my feet down to the floor.
“I can leave,” I said on a sigh, “if you want me to.”
She licked her lips slowly.  “I don’t want you to leave,” she finally answered.  “You’re right.  You don’t feel strange to me.”
I let out a breath I hadn’t known I was holding.  I watched as she fiddled with the iPad in her lap.  I stood up, digging her lime green ear buds out of the bottom of the duffle bag, I reached over and plugged them into the top port.
“Want to listen to music?” I asked, hoping maybe music would kindle some memory.  I put the left bud in my ear as I sat next to her on the bed and handed her the right.  She took it slowly and placed it in her ear.  I scrolled through the home screens until I found the Music icon.
“What do you want to listen to?” I asked.
“The White Stripes.  Seven Nation Army,” she said, “It’s my favorite song.”  She said it casually, like it was nothing.
“That’s not your favorite song.  Holiday by Green Day is your favorite song.”  She looked up at me, shaking her head to argue with me but then she seemed to concentrate on a point past me, looking inward and at nothing all at the same time.  She breathed out.  “Umm, yeah, I don’t know why I said Seven Nation Army,” she half-laughed.
“It’s my favorite song,” I commented.
She stared at me and then redirected her attention to the iPad.  She clicked on Imagine Dragons, which we both loved.
“That’s weird, don’t you think?  That I would say that?” she asked.
I sat down beside her, enjoying the iTunes Sessions version of the Imagine Dragons song Radioactive.  It was more instrumental than the normal version.
I lifted my arm and put it over her shoulders.  “Weirder than girls with superpowers?” I asked, trying to tease a smile out of her.  She settled her neck on my arm, letting her head fall back slightly.  “I guess not,” she answered, closing her eyes as the music switched to Ray LaMontagne’s Jolene.
While she rest, I googled “Brain Tumor” and then after stealing a look at her chart narrowed down the results by adding “Glioblastoma multiforme” to the search bar.  The results were pretty wide ranging from a black and white description on medical dictionary type websites to the memoirs of a guy named Tom Lubbock.  His story scared the shit out of me.  He basically lost all ability to speak, write and recognize words, undergoing two surgeries and several rounds of radiation before finally dying two years after his original diagnosis.
But Addison didn’t share most of these symptoms.  She didn’t have trouble with speech, other than her penchant for occasionally cursing like a sailor.  I dropped the iPad to my lap just as Bon Iver’s “Skinny Love” trickled through the earbuds.  I focused on the soft guitar chords, trying to organize my thoughts.  She didn’t have a normal tumor, this was something different.  I believed that wholeheartedly.  I rubbed at my eyes.  I was so unbelievably tired.  I hadn’t slept since the night before my birthday, almost 36 hours ago.
Addy’s head fell slightly against me in her sleep.  I felt her warm, deep breaths all the way down my neck, leaving goosebumps in their wake.  I turned, running my nose through her hair.  Despite everything, she still smelled like her coconut shampoo.  I kissed her temple.  Leaned my forehead against it, feeling the top of her ear graze my lips.
I woke up hours later.  A nurse, with her back turned to me, was busy closing the curtains over the window.  She walked to me, working around my arms to check all of Addison’s wires.  She half-smiled at me, that kind of smile that says “hello” but not much else.
“What time is it?” I asked.
She looked at her watch.  “Almost five pm,” she answered.  “Dr. Glavin will be in shortly to hear Miss Franklin’s decision.  Do you want to wake her or me?”  I shook my head.  I’d wake her.  I didn’t want some stranger potentially scaring her.  Not that anything scared her, ever.  She took everything in stride.  I envied the trait.
The nurse closed the door behind herself.  I leaned up, gently touching Addison’s face, brushing the hair behind her ear.  “Addy,” I whispered.  “Wake up, babe.”  Her breathing changed, but she didn’t open her eyes.  “Wake up, babe.  The doctor will be in soon.”
She stretched her neck, coming up off of my arm giving me the opportunity to finally move it.  My hand had gone completely asleep from lack of circulation, being pinned at an awkward angle.  I opened and closed my fingers, fighting the tingling pain as the blood rushed back.  Addy’s eyes fluttered open.  She licked her lips.
“I had the weirdest dream about sea turtles,” she muttered dreamily.
“Were they nesting?” I asked, her eyes darting to mine.  She nodded slowly.  “It’s not a dream, Addy.  It’s a memory.  That was our first date.”
She looked at the closed curtains.  Sunlight broke through the barrier on the edges, striping the walls and ceilings.  “That’s weird.  I’ve never recovered memories that I’ve lost before.  Or at least I don’t remember them.”  Her face screwed up in a comical expression.
“Maybe the memories you lost before weren’t important enough.”  I brushed her bangs out of her eyes just as Dr. Glavin walked into the room, his eyebrows flicking up when he saw me sitting on the bed.  I scooted off to stand beside her.
“Enjoy your nap, Addy?”
She nodded, plucking the ear bud out of her ear.  Mine must have fallen out while I slept.
“Well, we’ve got a decision to make.”  He rubbed his hands together and then crossed his arms across his chest.  Why did this guy look eager to cut her head open?
“I have some questions, first,” I said, pulling his attention to me.
“I looked up on the internet-” I paused when he rolled his eyes.  He tried to hide the gesture, but he didn’t.  “Addy doesn’t have the symptoms described.  She doesn’t have problems with words?”  I looked to Addy for confirmation.  She shook her head.  “She doesn’t show any typical symptoms.  No headaches, nothing.”
Dr. Glavin fanned his hands out in front of himself.  “No other symptoms besides the delusion that she has a superpower?”
Addy sat straight up in the bed.  “That’s real.  I told you that was real.”
He smiled and nodded, “I know you think it is real.  But people do not have super powers.  You’re imagining all of that.  Besides I have a CT scan to prove you have a tumor, symptoms or no symptoms.”
He leered at her as if she were an ignorant child.  All of a sudden I didn’t like the snakeoil this guy was trying to sell.  I looked to Addy.  “Addison, I think we need to get a second opinion.”  She looked between the doctor, a guy with a fancy degree that she didn’t know, and me, a guy whose picture was all over her iPad, that she still didn’t know.  “Addison,” I whispered, locking my eyes on hers.  Her hazel eyes were the most beautiful I’d ever seen.  In the dim light of the room, though,  her pupils were dilated to the point of drowning out the yellow, browns and greens of her iris making them unreadable.  Trust me that I don’t trust this guy, I wanted to say but didn’t.
She turned to face Dr. Glavin and said, “Sorry, doctor but I’d like to have a second opinion.”
Mother fucker’s face fell.
His mouth formed a tense line that I think he hoped would pass as a grin, he nodded once and left the room in a rush.
Addy breathed out, reaching out her hand to take mine.  “That was, kind of intense.”
I brought her hand to my chest, sitting back down on the edge of the bed.  “I think you just ruined his grant research for the next 24 months.  I’m sure finding a rare tumor in three immediate relatives is kind of a big deal.”
I reached up, brushing a bit of hair behind her ear.  She surprised me by leaning into my hand, closing her eyes as I held her head.  I rubbed her earlobe with the tip of my thumb.
“You’re right, about my body knowing you.  I feel comfort when you touch me,” she whispered against my wrist.  I took in a deep breath.  “I love you so fucking much, Addison.  I wish you could remember that.”  Her eyes looked up at me as if searching for answers.  She started to say something but Dr. Hughes walked into the room.
I was starting to get sick of people coming and going out of the room all the time in terrupting.  I know they were there to take care of Addison, but they could still knock.
“I want to do an MRI,” he said.  “We’ll be taking you down in just a few minutes.  Dr. Glavin said you wanted a second opinion?”
We both nodded.  “Well, then I’ll be able to send out these new images along with the CT scans and we’ll see what we get back.”  He smiled, a genuine smile.  I liked this guy much better, at least he was honest and admitted when he didn’t know something.
“Thank you, Dr. Hughes,” Addy replied, squeezing my fingers in her tiny fist.
They forced her to sit in a wheelchair to go to the MRI room.  She fought them a little bit on it, and I was glad to see her energy returning.  The last time she’d gone for tests she had been unconscious on a gurney.  This was much better than that.
Dr. Hughes allowed me to go into the computer room, so that I could talk to Addy while she was in the machine.  The minute I saw it, I knew there was going to be a problem.  Addy stood next to a nurse, busy unhooking all the wires off her chest, staring wide-eyed at the giant tube holding the magnets that would create the images.
“Oh shit,” I said under my breath, alarming the doctor.  “She’s claustrophobic,” I added in explanation.
Dr. Hughes hit an intercom button that must have connected with Addy’s room.  “Addison are you scared of small spaces?”
She nodded frantically.
“We can give you a small sedative?” he asked.
Again she nodded.  The nurse tending to her, turned to a small metal table.  She picked up a needle and syringe, plunging it into a small glass vial of clear liquid.  After loading it with the sedative, and clearing the syringe of bubbles she stuck it directly into Addy’s arm, asking her to lie down at the same time.  The screen showing Addy’s face displayed her expression as it went slightly slack.
“Addison, you can not go to sleep.  Understand me?”  Dr. Hughes asked.
“Yes’sir,” she answered, her words slurred.
The nurse locked some sort of cage down over her head.  Her fists went white as she clenched them around a bit of her hospital gown.
“Addy, it’s okay,” I said, pushing past the doctor to the intercom button.  “I’m right here, Addy.  I won’t let them hurt you.”  She nodded infinitesimally as the bed began moving inside the machine.  My voice doesn’t comfort her, I thought.  She only remembered my touch.
“Addison, you must stay still,” Dr. Hughes said.  “This process is kind of slow.”
He turned to me and mouthed, “Talk to her,” pushing a chair underneath my legs.
“Addy,” I said.  Her name was a start, because I couldn’t think of anything to say.  Maybe I should act out her favorite episodes of Supernatural.  No, I wanted to tell her something about us.  “I know you don’t remember this, but the best day of my life was just a few days ago.  Mickey rented a sailboat, a 31 footer called Unconquerable Soul.”
The feed of images of Addie’s brain popped up along several monitors in the room.
“You looked so fucking hot,” I continued, “in that brown bathing suit.  Most girls wear bright colors but you rocked that brown.”
A small tear dripped out of the corner of her eye.  I jerked around to look at Dr. Hughes.
“She shouldn’t be in any pain,” he said absently, checking a screen linked to her vitals.
“You were laying out on the deck, laughing with Mickey.  Jack and I were preparing to jib the sail.  It was hot, so I took off my shirt.  The way you looked at me, babe, all possessive and territorial.  I loved it.”
She let out a blood-curdling scream like nothing I’d ever heard before.  “Danny!” she yelled out suddenly, calling to me.  Then just as quickly she lay very still, no longer screaming, but crying in soft sobs.  I could see a bit of blood coming from her nose.  I stood up, but Dr. Hughes grabbed my arm.
“Holy shit,” Dr.  Hughes said, pointing to a monitor.  “The damn thing just shrunk.”
He leaned into the intercom mouthpiece.  “Addy are you in pain right now?”
“No,” she said still crying, “But that fucking hurt.  Danny,” she called out, “I can remember that day.  Mik was wearing hot pink with silver stars and stripes.”
Dr. Hughes looked to me to confirm she was telling the truth.  I nodded.
“Addison,” he said speaking to her again.  “I need you to stay in there and I’m going to let Danny keep talking to you.  Is that alright?”
She nodded, her tears easing some.
“Addy,” I said, “I’m here.”  I searched my own memory for something that I wanted her to remember.  That green dress.  That was hot.  Shit, no, think of something romantic.  No, not romantic, think of something from the beginning.  “Addy?  Do you remember the day you met my brother?”
“No,” she said, cringing slightly as if someone had just hit her in the stomach.
“Try Addy.”
She breathed in a deep breath.  It was hard to watch her, trapped in that fucking machine with her head in a cage.  A fresh tear rolled over her cheek.
“It’s like a wall, Danny.  I can’t see through it,” she muttered nonsensically.  Her forehead and eyes clenched hard.  “Wait,” she said on a gasp.  “Steps.  He’s smoking.  You’re beside him.  We picked him up...”  She started convulsing, jerking inside the machine, her nose bleeding freely and her eyes rolling up in the back of her skull.
“Addy!” I screamed.
Dr. Hughes clicked a bunch of buttons and the MRI machine went silent.  The nurse rushed to it, pulling Addy out manually.  She jerked the head cage off the table and let it clatter to the floor.
“Addy!” I screamed again, pounding my fists on the partition glass between us.

PART III

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
Imagine a wall.  A wall so big, tall, and long that you can’t see any edges.  It’s made up of large, symmetrical pieces of stone, like what I imagined the Egyptian pyramids are made of.  Except these aren’t those beautiful, golden colors.  They are grey and cold to the touch, surrounding me on all four sides, forming a square.  There’s nothing inside of the square with me.  This overwhelming loneliness seeps through my body.  The place is so quiet and still.
“Try Addy,” I heard the voice say from somewhere far away.  I focused on it, on the way it said my name, Addy.  Try Addy. Try.  Addy.
I spotted a small hole in a bit of the mortar between two of the massive cinderblocks.  Leaning down I peered through it.  At first I didn’t see anything but when I focused really hard, I could just barely make out two shadows.  Two men.
I backed away from the hole.  I needed to make it bigger, but with what?  I looked around myself.  The concrete ground was completely barren.  There was nothing.  I leaned back down towards the hole.  The two men had dark hair.
I stuck the tip of my finger in the hole, digging and prying at it until flakes of dust and then rock began to fall away from the wall.  My finger ached, and there were scratches on my knuckle where the rock cut in to me, but the hole gradually grew bigger.  I blew the stone dust away from it.
“Jack!” I called.  I could see him clearly on the steps.  He was standing by...Daniel.  His brother.  I recognized him from the photos on my iPad.  “Danny!” I shouted, but neither of them could hear me.
Try Addy.  Try.  Addy.
I stepped back from the wall.  There was no way I could climb it.  I could dig underneath it.  With what, my bare hands like a cartoon character?  I stuck my finger back in the hole, prying at the mortar.  Soon I could fit two fingers in, then three then four.  My fingers bled with the effort but finally I could fit both my hands underneath the stone.
The wall vibrated, creaking loudly as the stone shifted.  I began prying at a crack that had formed on one side of the stone when it shifted.  My hands were slick with blood now, but for some reason my actions were more frantic.  I had to get over there!
Boom.  The ground shook as the stone shifted again.  It lay canted now at an odd angle, the top corner exposed.  I could grab on to it if I jumped.  I swung from it, using all my body weight until I felt it shift.
Crack!  The stone split, giving me barely enough time to fall to the ground and roll away before it fell.
I could see them!  They were walking towards me!
“Danny!  Jack!” I shouted.  “I’m here!”
Then everything came crashing down.  The whole fucking wall caved down on top of me.  All I felt was the heaviness of the stones crushing my body.
All I saw was darkness.
~
Have you ever had one of those dreams where you knew you were dreaming?  You absolutely, one hundred percent knew you were dreaming and yet it still felt so real, that you couldn’t help but cry, or scream, or laugh.  This felt like that but a part of me knew I wasn’t dreaming, I was seeing.  I was seeing memories that I’d lost, and seeing things that were taken from me.
At first all I felt was pain.  It took every ounce of my strength just to suck in one ragged breath after another.  Then all these memories bombarded me, flashing once in the breadth of a second and then disappearing just as quickly.  I saw everything all at once with absolutely no chance of comprehending any of it.  I willed them to slow, so that I could not only see them, but hear them, smell them, feel them.
“Mom!” I shouted, chugging down my orange juice, tossing the empty glass in the sink.  I was in the last month of my sophomore year at high school.  Only truly cruel monsters forced their daughters to go to school on their birthdays.  I mean I loved her because she was my mom, but she was still a monster.  She was also terminally tardy.  “Mom!  We have to go!  I’m going to be late for school!”
There was a knock at the door.  I looked through the peep hole.  It was a man, middle-aged, maybe in his late thirties, dressed in a white shirt and black slacks.  Ugh, our nosy neighbor Tricia had been gossiping about this guy all week.  He was going around the neighborhood selling kitchen knives or educational programs or guava fruit or something, Tricia wasn’t sure.   She just knew he’d been going around the neighborhood all week.
“Mom!  That salesman guy is at the door!  Do I answer it?”
I heard a muffled response just as her shower clicked off.
He knocked again.
I swung the door open and raised my eyebrows, “Can I help you?”
He looked me up and down.  The kind of look that made the hairs on the back of your neck stand on end.
“Is your mommy home?” he asked in a low, raspy voice.
“My mommy?” I laughed.  “I’m not a toddler.  What do you want?”
“That’s a smart mouth you’ve got on you there, little girl.”
What.  The.  Fuck.
“Excuse me?” I asked in that tone that only a smart-mouthed sixteen year old girl can master.  I moved to slam the door closed but he reached out, blocking it with his hand.  He pushed me back into the house.
I screamed bloody murder as he crawled on top of me.  He licked the side of my face while his hands jerked at the top button of my jeans.
I saw my mom’s feet.  Heard a loud thud and the man yelled.  He rolled off of me, his eyes staring vacantly towards the ceiling.  I jerked up, scooting away from the blood pooling all over our light beige carpet.  The iron poker that normally sat by our fireplace collecting dust clattered to the floor as it fell from mom’s hand.  She hurried to me, placing her hands on either side of my face jerking my eyes away from the man’s smashed skull.
“Don’t worry, honey,” she said soothingly.  “You won’t remember any of it.”
~
“It’s not plugged in,” Danny said with his signature grin.
Danny.
Sea turtles.
Slamming him against a closet for our first kiss.  Erasing it.
Not erasing our second kiss.
The first time we had sex.
The first time we made love.
Sailboats.  Unconquerable Souls.
“You know I’m going to marry you, right?” he asks.
Bill Goldin.  A gun.
Danny crouched over Bill’s dead body.
The panic in his eyes and in his voice.
That bubble of air that popped up when the body sank, as if it was trying in vain to stay afloat for just one second longer.
Erasing everything.
Losing everything.
Danny.
Danny.
I love you.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
My eyes peeled apart, sealed with the crusts of sleep.  Pain shot through my head, not a ripping pain, but that swirling, groggy pain associated with hangovers, and apparently regaining lost memories.
The room lay in complete darkness, not counting the soft glow of the red, green and blue LED’s that stood as sentinel’s over my hospital bed.  A dark form sat slumped in a chair to my left.  I could barely see, but I could tell by the unique sound of his sleepy breathing that it was Danny.
“Danny,” I croaked, barely above a whisper.
I swallowed a few times, trying to get moisture in my mouth.
“Danny,” I said louder.  He shuffled down farther in the chair, clearly not waking.  I grabbed my iPad clicking on the Safari icon and then the Search bar.  I typed in One Republic’s “Feel Again” and let it blast, the volume tapped all the way up.
He jolted upright, his eyes wide as he looked around the room finally locking on me.
“Hey, babe,” I smiled, lowering the volume.
He scooted the chair closer to the bed, shaking off his sleep as if he were covered in cobwebs.  When he came closer I ran my hand up the side of his face, locking my fingers into his hair.  He leaned into my touch, kissing the inside of my wrist.  His eyes were still barely open.  He breathed out but then I felt his body tense.  “You called me babe?” he asked.
I nodded, running my hand down the back of his head to his neck.  I pulled him to me, pressing my lips into his at first gently, but then deeply.  He sighed against me, breathing into my mouth.  I felt him groan deep in his throat as I slipped my tongue into his mouth.
“I love you,” I said, when we broke apart.
His forehead wrinkled as his eyebrows drew together.  “You... remember me?” he asked.
I smiled.  “I remember everything.”
I pulled him on top of me, his crouched legs on either side of my hips.  I yanked his shirt up and over his head so that I could feel his bare back under my hands.  He kissed my lips, my face, down my neck, over my collar bones.  I giggled as his hands ran down my sides, tickling me.
The lights flared on, blinding us both.  I hid my face into the crook of his neck.
“Jesus Christ,” said the nurse who entered our room.  She had her hands on her hips and looked at Danny in such a way that yelled, “Get off the bed, son,” without saying a word.  Danny slipped off the bed and back into his chair, grinning like a goon.
She pulled at a wire that was dangling on the side of my bed.  She clicked it back onto an electrode on my chest, eyeing me with one eyebrow raised disapprovingly.
“You can’t take these off Miss Franklin.  They sound alarms at the nurses station,” she reprimanded, staring me down and then Danny.
I laughed under my breath, which she didn’t find amusing.
“We’ll mind the cables ma’am,” Danny said, grinning.
She clucked her tongue in that very southern disapproving sound before turning on her heel.  She clicked the light back off just before the door swung closed behind her.  We broke down into fits of laughter.

The next morning, while Danny and I were sharing a bowl of orange Jello in my new, “ordinary” room in the hospital,  they’d kicked us out of ICU around three am when we’d accidentally set off one of the many alarms attached to my person for the third time, Mikaela bounced in with her arms full of white daisies, one of my favorite flowers.  It was impossible to be mad or sad when staring at a bright, white daisy.  She kissed me on my nose, wrapping her arms around me in a rib-cracking hug as she dragged herself up on my bed.  I now sat squeezed between two of my three favorite people in the world.
“Sorry we weren’t here every second, Addy,” she said when she finally pulled back.  “Those bastards wouldn’t let more than one of us in that other room at a time.”
“It’s alright.  I wanted Danny here,” I said as Jack pushed past Mikaela’s arms.  And there was the third.  He leaned down and kissed me on the forehead.
“Glad to see your back, sis.  Dan called us in the middle of the night and said you remembered him and everything was ok again.”
Dr. Hughes swept into the room.  “She’s a medical miracle,” he said.  “Would you two like a briefing on what has happened?”
Jack and Mikaela nodded as he flicked on a large iPad he’d been carrying.  Danny and I had already heard this spiel during our shared hospital breakfast of undercooked bacon and rubbery eggs, but Dr. Hughes was so excited about it that I couldn’t bear to to stop him.
He held up a CT scan of my brain, taken the night I was admitted into the hospital.
This is Addy’s brain with a big fucking tumor.  (I’m paraphrasing a bit here.)
He held up a second picture of my brain, taken just around dawn this morning.
This is Addy’s brain without a big fucking tumor.
He shifted the glasses on the bridge of his nose as he looked at the iPad.  You could see the disbelief written all over his face.  “I want to schedule another MRI,” he said absently.
I breathed in.  “Hell, no.  I’m not going in that machine again,” I answered back at him, even though I knew it wasn’t really a question.  With our without drugs that was the tiniest, scariest damn place I’d ever been in.  No way I was going back in it.  He’d barely managed to talk me into another CT scan, but that was an “open” style room with this thing that they just maneuvered around me before taking each x-ray picture, not the tube of death a.k.a. the MRI room.
“Miss Franklin, your tumor evaporated, vanished!” he said, raising his hands up in the air like a magician.  “We have to document-”
“I’m not going in that machine again,” I said firmly.  “I want you to sign the paperwork to release me.  I want to go home.”  I turned to Danny, rubbing my chin against his shoulder.  He picked up my hand, twining his fingers between mine.
Two armed police officers knocked on the doorframe of my room.  Dr. Hughes stepped back as they entered looking briefly at everyone but focusing on me and then Danny.
“Mr. Goldin,” one of them said, nodding to Danny.  “I’m glad to see Miss Franklin is feeling better.  Do you have your memories back Miss Franklin?” he asked me.
Here it comes.  The part where I lie.
“Yes sir,” I answered back.  He stepped towards my bed.  “Can you recall the night you were admitted to the hospital.”
I shook my head, trying not to look fake while I “recalled” that night.
“It was Danny’s birthday.  I had filet mignon.  We went to the beach in Danny’s car.  His dad attacked us.  Shot three times in the air over our heads.  Danny talked him down, but he hit Danny in the face.  Then he ran off.  I wanted to distract Danny, so I asked him to take me out on one of the boats from his work.”  I shook my head, pretending that ideas were rattling around for a while.  “When we got back to the dock.  I felt a little sick.  Maybe shock over Bill threatening us earlier.  Maybe I was just tired.  The next thing I know I woke up in a hospital bed.”
I finished on a sigh, hoping I sounded convincing.  Danny clenched my fingers tightly, glancing at me with a tight smile and worried eyes.  From our conversation just before the MRI, I knew he suspected that he killed Bill to protect me.  No doubt hearing me spout outright lies convinced him further.  He always knew when I was lying.  The officer nodded and then turned to Dr. Hughes.
“How is her ‘condition?’” he asked, with his eyebrows raised.  He was probably trying to decide how reliable my statement had just been.
Dr. Hughes shook his head.  “She had a tumor yesterday.  Now she doesn’t.  I don’t know what to tell you officer.  It’s the weirdest damn thing I’ve ever seen.”
“But she’s lucid?” the officer asked, as if he wasn’t just talking to me.
Dr. Hughes nodded.  “She seems to remember everything perfectly since her last seizure in the MRI room.”
The officer cocked an eyebrow up at that statement then let it drop.  The second officer leaned over next to his ear.  He nodded, putting his hands on the leather belt that held his sidearm.
“Well, we’re happy you’ve recovered but we do have some bad news.  Mr. Goldin, can we go in the hall?”
Danny squeezed my hand.  “Anything you have to say to me, I’d like you to say to my family.”  He nodded towards me, Mikaela and Jack.  Dr. Hughes excused himself as his pager erupted into an annoying beeping sound.  The officers let him pass before continuing.
“Well, boys,” he said to both Danny and Jack, “The ballistics tests linked your father’s gun to an armed assault in Houston on the 29th.”  The second officer showed us a picture of a middle-aged African American woman.  “Do you know this woman?” he asked, showing it to each of us in turn.
“No,” we all answered.  He stepped back.
“Her name is Latisha Williams.  Your father shot her in the leg while stealing drug related items from her boyfriend.”
Danny sucked in his breath and Jack dropped his head to his chin.  Mikaela reached out to him, grabbing his shoulders as he slumped down in a chair near her.
“He almost hit an artery.  Probably the only reason she went to the hospital.  She almost bled out.  She tested positive during a tox screen administered by the ER for Crystal Methamphetamine.  Police were called in and the boyfriend evaded capture but eventually was cornered in a supply closet.  He tested positive as well.  They’re both in prison now, awaiting trial.  Both already identified your father, Bill Goldin, as Ms. Williams shooter.”  He shook his head, shifting his hands on his hips to the stereotypical cop stance.  “I have to admit boys that...well...if your father got mixed up in some sort of a botched drug deal he could be more than missing.”
I knew exactly where he was.  I tried to breathe in and out normally.  It was wrong to hide this from Danny and Jack, I knew it was, but at the same time I knew in my heart that it wasn’t wrong to protect them from him, even in death.
Jack shrugged his shoulders, letting out a huge breath.  “Fuck him,” he muttered.  Then looking at the officers surprised faces said, “That man beat me and my brother our whole life.  If God finally cut him down, so be it.”
The officer looked to Danny.  “I agree,” he said confidently with a curt nod.
The officers both nodded, sucking in their lips.  I wondered briefly if they were brothers too.  It was possible in some of these small towns.  They did look alike.
“Well, I’m sorry if you lost your father,” the older officer said, “But sounds like he was never much of a dad to you boys.”
Jack shook his head and said, “My big brother was my father."  His brows tugged together, a smile playing on his lips.  "That sounded better in my head...less incesty."  He smiled.  "What I mean is, I don’t need anybody else.”  He looked to Danny, nodding firmly.  Danny reached across me and laid a hand on his brother’s head.  Jack leaned into his touch, crushing me and Mikaela between them.
The officers tipped their heads to us and walked out of the room quietly.
“Jesus, you two are crushing the shit out of me,” Mikaela said through struggled breaths.
Danny and Jack broke apart.  Jack’s eyes glistened red, rimmed with tears as did Danny’s.
Danny leaned over and kissed me before hopping off the bed.  “Let me go find someone so I can sign some more papers and finally take you home.”
I smiled, breathing out through my nose as I nodded.  Jack followed him out, wrapping an arm over his brother’s shoulders.  Danny pushed at his ribs until Jack bent away from his hands.  He used the opportunity to wrap an arm around his brother’s neck, pinning Jack’s head to his chest.  I could hear them laughing down the hall.  Mikaela nabbed my last jiggly square of Jell-O, while I watched their antics and then when I could no longer see them listened as they moved down the hall.
“Whew,” Mikaela said, her mouth full of gelatin.  “You would not believe the awesome sex me and Jack had last night.  It was like he turned on this whole new level of fantastic.  I think your near death experience really shook him.”
I leaned my head on her slim shoulder, atop her bright, blonde braid, smirking at her blatant lack of secrecy.  ‘TMI, Mickey, TMI,’ I imagined Danny saying.  I could smell her strawberry shampoo.
Jack was right, I thought blissfully.  These three people, that I’d known for such a short time but felt as if I knew my whole life, fit me.  I didn’t need anybody else.  They were my family.

Epilogue
So, here we are, almost exactly one year later, and I’m sitting in the waiting room of the hospital awaiting the results of my follow-up CT scan with Dr. Hughes.  Danny sat fidgeting next to me.  Even though I had absolutely no outward signs of my tumors return and considering I had forever banned my use of brain zapping, which is what we both attributed to the tumor, I knew he was nervous because every once in awhile I would catch him researching useless (and most likely false) medical information late at night.
I leaned my head against his shoulder.
“Don’t be nervous,” he said, kissing my hair.
I held his hand.  I wasn’t nervous.  Not at all.
I watched Dr. Hughes, my unofficial best friend forever, coming down the hall towards us.  ‘Doc H’ called me almost as much as Danny and Mikaela, always asking questions; about my experiences, about what I felt during my “episodes,” and when I had the nosebleeds, about my mom.  I answered them as best as I could and he’d been trying to sort through them and write some sort of paper about it all.  I hoped the best for him, but I doubted most mainstream medical professionals would accept it.  Dr. Glavin publicly denied that I’d ever had a tumor, calling it a “technician’s error.”  I don’t know what was more disconcerting; the fact that Dr. Glavin denied an obvious truth to protect his reputation or that he’d been so gung ho about cutting into my brain without, in his version of events, ample proof I ever had a tumor.  I believed Danny’s love, and stubborn will, saved me.  End of story.
I’d tried to heal my mother with the same technique.  I’d been visiting her one weekend every month in Arkansas since I was “cured” showing her pictures of my childhood, telling her things that I remembered about the photos.  She hadn’t yet improved, although the staff at Serenity said she was calmer lately, but I would keep trying.  I now knew that she’d forgotten me because she erased the memory of my attacker.  I found the police record of the incident, along with my closed medical records citing my “post traumatic stress disorder” style amnesia of the event.  So, my mother lost me to save me.  I wondered what it was about erasing violent memories that took so much out of our superpower.  Did they root so differently in in our minds?  I supposed it was the same reason that you always remembered nightmares, but so rarely woke remembering details from a good dream.
Dr. Hughes raised his hands, clenching them in what I called his ‘Victory Fists.’  “All clear, Addison.”
I smiled at his baffled expression and then kissed Danny on the nose as he let out a heavy, worried breath he’d been holding.  “Absolutely no sign of a tumor,” Dr. Hughes clarified.
We stood, Danny shaking the Doc’s hand before he draped his arm over my shoulders and we walked back out into the bright Texas sun.  We’d just arrived back in Quintana for another long summer.  My sophomore year at Abernathy went better than my Freshman year.  Turns out I loved psychology, so I finally nailed down a major.  Who would have guessed that weird brains would interest me?  I made the Dean’s list spring semester.  My name sat printed in the college’s little newspaper not far from Danny’s in the ‘G’ section.  He decided to double major in Biology and Chemistry around the same time I picked Psychology.  He wanted to head to medical school after finishing his undergraduate degree.  His intended specialty?  Neuro Oncology a.k.a. the study of brain tumors.
Mikaela lay stretched out on the hood of the Impala in five inch wedge sandals, skimpy shorts and a bikini top, as always, soaking up her Vitamin D.  You could just barely distinguish her baby bump as she lay there.  Yes, as Danny predicted he would be an Uncle soon.  She flicked her oversized sunglasses up in her hair and stared at me with eyebrows raised in question.
“All clear,” I answered happily.
She jumped off the car and ran to me, wrapping me up in a hug.  Jack popped out of the passenger side of the car, smiling.  He kissed me on the forehead, “Thank God sis.”  I felt the cool metal around the ring finger of his left hand as it touched the back of my neck.  Yep, they ran away, not to Vegas though, just the county courthouse, when they found out Mikaela was expecting.  The baby also served as a catalyst for Mikaela to finally quit smoking and Jack to find full-time employment as a boat mechanic with Charlie.  Charlie, a terminal bachelor with no kids and nearing retirement age, had already mentioned the possibility of bringing Jack on as a full-time partner.
“So what now?” Jack asked.
Mikaela kissed him on the side of his neck, wrapping her arms around him from behind as she stood slightly above him on the curb of the sidewalk.
“You two don’t start working charters for a week,” Mikaela said.  “Just so happens I have a surprise!”
Jack turned to her.  “I hope its not a sailboat.  You’ve been puking your guts out enough as it is.”
She scoffed, slapping him on the side of his head playfully.  “From morning sickness!  I’ve got the sea legs of a pirate.”
He tilted his head, leaning back to lightly kiss her on the mouth.  “Hmm, I do love your ‘booty,’” he said against her lips, half laughing as his hand crept down to her tight, khaki shorts.
I turned to Danny, smiling at the image of the two of them.  They couldn’t keep their hands, or anything else, off of each other.  “And you?  Do you love my booty?” I asked him.
He kissed me lightly on the lips, rubbed the tip of his nose against mine.  “Babe, I love your booty, your brain, your heart and everything else about you.”
“I love you too, Danny.”
He kissed me deep, parting my lips and making me wish we were back home in bed and not a public parking lot.
“And never forget it,” he breathed out.
“Never again,” I said.  And if I do, I thought, he’d make me remember again.
People always find their way back home.  Danny, Mikaela, Jack they were my home.
“You know I’m going to marry you someday, right?” I said, repeating the words he’d said to me over a year ago.
He smiled against my lips.  “You better believe it.”
“Not anytime soon,” I clarified, “But someday.”
“I’d wait forever for you,” he said brushing a bit of hair behind my ear.  He leaned down and kissed me until I felt my heart expand and my breath catch.  “I love you, Addison Franklin,” he breathed against my lips.
“I love you too, Daniel Goldin."

The End.

Thank you for reading this story.  If you enjoyed it, please take a moment to leave me a review at your favorite retailer.

About AU Ronan
Other titles by AU Ronan
