



High Stakes 

Book One in the Nashville Nights Next Generation Series 




Cheryl Douglas 


Copyright by Cheryl Douglas
Smashwords Edition

Published by Cheryl Douglas


All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, including photocopying, graphic, electronic, mechanical, taping, recording, sharing, or by any information retrieval system without the express written permission of the author and / or publisher. Exceptions include brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.


Persons, places and other entities represented in this book are deemed to be fictitious. They are not intended to represent actual places or entities currently or previously in existence or any person living or dead. This work is the product of the author’s imagination.
Any and all inquiries to the author of this book should be directed to info@cheryldouglasbooks.com


High Stakes 2012 Cheryl Douglas

Smashwords License agreement

This ebook is for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this ebook with another person, please purchase any additional copy for each reader. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return it to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. 





Nashville Nights Family Tree

The Turners
Trey and Sierra Turner—Nashville Nights, Book One, Shameless
Jared and Elaine Turner—Trey’s parents 
Alisa Turner—Next Generation, Book One, High Stakes 

The Coopers
Josh and Lexi Cooper—Nashville Nights, Book Two, Fearless  
Jay and Victoria—Josh and Ashley’s son and daughter-in-law / Nashville Nights, Book Seven, Hopeless
Mike and Tori Cooper—Josh and Ashley’s son and daughter-in-law / Nashville Nights, Book Eight, Careless 
Aiden Cooper—Josh and Lexi’s son / Next Generation, Book Two, Trade Off 
Brianna Cooper—Josh and Lexi’s daughter / Next Generation, Book Three, Game On
Ava Cooper—Jay and Victoria’s daughter / Next Generation, Book Eight, Blown Away 

The Spencers 
Luc and Marisa Spencer—Nashville Nights, Book Three, Ruthless 
Nikki Spencer—Luc’s daughter / Nashville Nights, Book Five, Relentless
Ryan Spencer—Luc and Marisa’s son / Next Generation, Book Three, Game On
Evan Spencer—Lun and Marisa’s son / Next Generation, Book Four, Burn Out 

The McCalls 
Ty and Avery McCall—Nashville Nights, Book Four, Reckless
Anna McCall—Ty and Avery’s daughter / Next Generation, Book Five, Fast Track 
Nick McCall—Ty and Avery’s son / Next Generation, Book Six, Time Out 
J.T. McCall—J.T. and Derek’s brother / Nashville Nights, Book Five, Relentless 
Nikki Spencer—McCall – J.T.’s wife / Nashville Nights, Book Five, Relentless 
Lauren McCall—J.T. and Nikki’s daughter / Next Generation, Book Seven, Face Value 
Derek McCall—J.T. and Derek’s brother / Nashville Nights, Book Six, Heartless 
Ashley McCall—Derek’s wife, Jay and Mike Cooper’s mother / Nashville Nights, Book Six, Heartless 




Dedication 

To the devoted readers who inspired the Next Generation series. 
I am so grateful you weren’t ready to say good-bye to your favorite characters.
Neither was I.




High Stakes—Book One, Nashville Nights, The Next Generation 
Former party girl, Alisa Turner, made a deal with her daddy, Trey. He’ll provide the seed money for her new business venture as long as she promises to stay out of trouble. Too bad her good intentions tumble 30,000 feet when she meets a sexy stranger on a flight to sin city. 
Hotel mogul, Liam Bryson, has never believed in love at first sight, but when a sexy little siren twenty years his junior tempts him into a night of high stakes Blackjack, he’s suddenly playing for keeps. 
Alisa wakes up in Liam’s bed the next morning, cursing Tequila and the five carat diamond on her left hand. She demands an annulment before her over-protective father finds out she reneged on their agreement, but her new hubby isn’t prepared to let her go without a fight. 



Table of Contents 

Chapter One 
Chapter Two 
Chapter Three
Chapter Four 
Chapter Five 
Chapter Six 
Chapter Seven 
Chapter Eight 
Chapter Nine 
Chapter Ten 
Chapter Eleven 
Chapter Twelve 
Chapter Thirteen 
Chapter Fourteen 
Chapter Fifteen 
Chapter Sixteen 
Chapter Seventeen 
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty   
About the Author 
Coming Soon 




Chapter One 

“Have you seen this garbage?” Trey Turner asked, tossing the rolled up newspaper in his daughter’s general direction. “That’s the third time this month I’ve seen your face in some rag, drinkin’ or partyin’ with—” 
Alisa held her hand up. “I’m not having this conversation with you again. I’m twenty-five, not five. That means I get to decide what I do and with whom I do it.” She loved and respected her father, but if he had his way, she’d live under his roof and abide by his rules until she was too old to care about having fun. 
“Oh yeah?” He smirked. “Who bought you that fancy condo you just had to have, or how about that new A7…” His eyes fell to her shoes. “Gucci?” He whistled under his breath. “Must’ve cost a pretty penny. Might be the last pair you buy for a good long while. I hear waitresses are only makin’ minimum wage plus tips. That’s probably not enough to buy designer shoes or purses.” 
“You’re threatening me?” Alisa couldn’t believe what she heard. She and her father had always been close. He may not always agree with the choices she made, but he never threatened to cut her off before. 
“Call it what you want.” He shrugged his broad shoulders. “I’ll do whatever I have to do to keep you from self-destructin’ the way I did.” 
Alisa knew her father’s history with alcohol. When her parents divorced, before remarrying more than twenty-five years ago, he’d hit the bottle hard and nearly destroyed everything he worked so hard to achieve. But she wasn’t him. She was young and single, trying to enjoy life a little before settling down into the life of domestic bliss so many of her friends seemed to favor. The life she’d almost had, before another woman stole it from her. 
“Daddy,” she said, quietly. “I know you love me…” 
“More than anythin’,” he whispered, drawing his fingertip down her cheek. “You and your mama are my whole world, angel. If anything happened to you, it would kill me.” 
Alisa knew her parents had lost a child before she was born, and her father never quite recovered. He still seemed to blame himself, and as a result, he worked that much harder to protect his only child from harm, even if it meant suffocating her. 
“I know that.” She smiled, trying to soften her words. “But you can’t expect me to live in a bubble. I have to live my life and make mistakes, just like you did.” 
His hand fell to his side. “I’m not gonna watch the booze take you down the way it did me, and if that means I have to enforce a little tough love, that’s what I’m gonna do.” 
There was no way to win an argument with her father once he’d made up his mind about something. Her only option was to negotiate. “So you’re just gonna cut me off, huh? Just like that?” She crossed her arms. “You want me to move back home so you can keep an eye on me 24/7?” 
“Don’t tempt me,” he warned, pointing a finger at her. 
Trey Turner could only be described as intimidating. Most people wouldn’t be brave enough to cross him, but his love for her gave Alisa a distinct advantage. She knew that she and her mother were his only weak spots and she hated to exploit that, but until she came up with a game plan, she needed his help. 
“You really think Mom’s gonna let you do this to me?” 
“Your mama isn’t gonna cross me, young lady, so don’t even think about tryin’ that angle.” 
Alisa knew he was probably right. Her parents were a force of nature, always strong, united, and impossible to breach. “Fine. What do you want from me, an oath signed in blood?” 
Trey sighed as he sat down behind his desk. He suddenly looked tired, and Alisa felt a pang of guilt for causing him so much distress. He was a mountain of a man, who’d always ruled with an iron fist, but sometimes she forgot he was just a man, and the years were slipping away too quickly. One day, she wouldn’t have him in her life anymore and she’d live with the regret of days like this one. 
“I’m sorry,” she said, sinking into the chair across from him. “I don’t mean to embarrass you.” 
He looked up, seemingly surprised. “Is that what you think this is about?” He shook his head. “Darlin’, you could never embarrass me. I’m so damned proud of you…” His voice trailed off and he looked wistful. “You’ve always been such a high achiever, straight A student, all those dance trophies, gettin’ your picture in those magazines…” 
Her modeling days seemed like a lifetime ago. She’d loved the years she spent in front of the camera, strutting down runways, but at her age, she had to face facts: her best days were behind her. She’d decided to bow out gracefully instead of waiting for someone else to deliver her fate. “I’d rather not talk about that, if you don’t mind.” 
Trey looked at her a long time before he asked, “What the hell happened to the little girl I used to know? Did that business really mess you up that bad?” 
She tried not to think about those days. It hurt too much to realize at twenty-five, she was already past her prime, and no one, including the man she’d built her dreams around, seemed to want her anymore. “Modeling was the only thing I ever wanted to do; you know that.” 
“Yeah, and you made a lot of money over the years.” He leaned back in his leather swivel chair and tipped his cowboy hat back on his head so he could look her in the eye. “Hard to believe you wasted every goddamn dime of it.” 
She winced. They’d had this argument more times than she could count since she’d come home to stay, and her father never seemed to tire of it. “Living that life isn’t cheap. I knew you wouldn’t understand, so I couldn’t very well ask you for the money to support it, could I?” 
“We sent you to that fancy school in New York so you could get a good education and pursue your modelin’ career. Was there more to it than that?” 
Alisa gripped the wooden armrests on her chair, bracing herself for the question her father had never had the courage to ask… until now. She suspected he’d been too afraid of the answer, so he opted to remain in the dark. “What do you mean?” 
“You blew through a hell of a lot of money in eight years, Alisa. Were you doin’ drugs? More importantly, are you still? Is that why these pictures keep showin’ up?” 
Knowing he even considered that a possibility hurt her. “No, I’m not now, nor have I ever used drugs. You want to know what I was addicted to, Daddy? Designer clothes, shoes, purses, jewelry…” She cleared her throat and forced herself to look him in the eye. “I was living in a world where measuring up was damn near impossible. There was always someone prettier, smarter, someone who made more money. You lost five pounds and they’d tell you that you were too thin. You’d gain ten pounds and they’d tell you that you were too fat.” 
“You never told me that,” he said quietly. “Why?” 
“You would’ve made me quit, and I didn’t want to. I wasn’t ready.” She twisted the ring on her finger, a braided platinum and diamond band her parents had given her for her sixteenth birthday. “It does a number on your self-esteem, feeling as though you’re never good enough. Buying nice clothes made me feel better about myself. It made me feel pretty.” 
“I’m sorry, sweetheart. I had no idea you felt that way.” He smiled. “You’re so beautiful. I always thought you knew that.” 
“All of the girls in that world are beautiful. Everyone’s special for a minute; then she’s not. I had my moment, and I wouldn’t trade it for anything, but it’s over now, and I know I have to figure out where to go from here. But the truth is, I haven’t got a clue.” 
Alisa had spent the years since she graduated from college trying to figure out how to move on. Volunteering, working as an apprentice, trying to uncover some hidden talent, but she had yet to find her passion. She was beginning to fear she may only be good at modeling, and since she didn’t have that anymore, it left her with… nothing. And that terrified her. She was too young to feel so useless and inept. 
Trey regarded her carefully as he slipped a silver pen between his fingers. “The way I see it, you need somethin’ to focus on.” He winked. “Somethin’ to keep you outta trouble and out of those tabloids I hate so much.” 
She knew he was right. As it was, most of her girlfriends were either working full time, pursuing graduate degrees, or involved in serious relationships. It was time for her to find a purpose, if only she could figure out what that was. “What did you have in mind?” 
Her father had enjoyed a career in country music that spanned more than three decades and he was still selling out stadiums all over the world during the years he chose to tour. Music was in his blood. Too bad she hadn’t inherited his gift. 
“Fashion has always been your first love. You studied at the best school in the world. Why not put that fancy degree to good use? You could start your own business.”
“Are you serious?” 
“Sure, why not?” 
“Uh, these things take money.” 
Trey chuckled. “Good thing your daddy has plenty of that.” 
“I couldn’t take any more of your money.” Especially since he’d already reamed her out about the condo, the car, even her shoes. 
“You wouldn’t be takin’ it.” He leaned forward, bracing his arms on the desk. “You’d be borrowin’ it. We’d structure it the same way we would any other business loan. Except this contract would have a few unique stipulations.” 
She knew there had to be a catch. Her father was too shrewd to offer her a dream job on a silver platter without insisting she meet his terms. “What are they?” 
“I’m not askin’ for much.” He smiled. “You simply agree to work your butt off to make this business a success and keep that pretty little face of yours out of the papers. Shouldn’t be too hard, right?” 
She considered the implications of letting him control her actions. She’d always had to fight for her freedom, something Trey never seemed ready to relinquish. If she accepted his loan, she would be agreeing to live according to his rules, but at least she would have a reason to get out of bed in the morning. A business she could pour her heart and soul into. A purpose. 
She reached across the desk to offer her hand. “You have yourself a deal.” 
He shook her hand before bringing it to his lips. “I know you’re gonna make me proud, baby girl.” 


Alisa sat in the office long after Trey left. She was making notes, doing research, making plans. She felt alive for the first time in years, and she couldn’t wait to throw herself into the plans for her new boutique. 
“Hey, I didn’t know you were still here,” Sierra said, coming up behind her. She set her hands on her daughter’s shoulders and peered over her shoulder. “What’re you doing?”
“Daddy and I had a little chat.” 
Sierra glanced at the crumpled newspaper lying on the floor. “Yeah, he had that when he came back from the store this morning. He was pretty angry.” 
“I know.” Alisa set her pen down and turned to face her mother. Everyone said she looked so much like her mother, same blond hair, though Sierra’s was now streaked with subtle silver highlights, light blue eyes, slight frame. The years had been kind to Sierra. She was still a stunning woman. Alisa could only hope they were as kind to her. 
“So, what happened?” Sierra propped her hip on the edge of the desk and crossed her arms. “Did you two argue?” 
Alisa smiled. “He threw his weight around some, made threats, but then he made me an offer I couldn’t refuse.” 
“Really?” Sierra raised an eyebrow. “Now I’m intrigued. Do tell.” 
“He didn’t talk to you about this?” 
Sierra laughed. “No. He did talk about sending you away to a convent, but I told him he’d never get away with it.” 
“That sounds like Daddy.” She smiled. “Seriously, he offered me a business loan, and I accepted.” 
“A business loan? Really?” 
Alisa wasn’t upset that her mother seemed surprised by the news. Since she’d returned home, she hadn’t shown much interest in anything other than partying and trying to convince the world she was over the man who publically humiliated her and broke her heart. 
“Yeah. Daddy pointed out that I’ve always loved fashion. I have the degree… so why not?” 
“Indeed. Why not?” 
“So you think it’s a good idea?” Alisa had several close girlfriends, but her mother was always her rock. She consoled Alisa through teenage angst, agent rejections, failed tests, and the worst of all, the day she had to break off her engagement when she found out her fiancé was cheating on her with his high school sweetheart. 
Sierra reached for her hand. “I think it’s a great idea. As long as you’re sure this is what you want.” She narrowed her eyes. “I know your daddy can be tough to say no to when he gets an idea in his head, but this is your life, honey. We can’t tell you how to live it.” 
That’s where her parents differed. Sierra had always allowed her daughter to make mistakes, and she was always there to pick up the pieces, never telling her she’d been irresponsible or reckless, even when she had. Trey, on the other hand, wanted to protect and shield her from pain, and he seemed to suffer more than Alisa did when she made an error in judgement. Like agreeing to marry Nick Sinclair. Trey was out for blood after that fiasco, and he vowed if that man ever crossed his path again, he’d haul out his shotgun and use him for target practice. 
“I feel good about this, Mom. I think this is exactly what I need right now.”
Sierra rubbed Alisa’s hand between both of hers and smiled. “Honey, you don’t get over a broken heart overnight, and throwing yourself into something else isn’t gonna help you to heal, much as you might wish it would.” 
“I know that.” She raised her chin. “This has nothing to do with Nick, if that’s what you think.” 
“Really?” Sierra smiled. “You gonna tell me the drinking and partying and endless supply of new boyfriends has nothing to do with him either?” 
Alisa couldn’t deny her ego had taken a hit when she found out her fiancé was seeing another woman, and it helped to know that other men still found her attractive. “Not everything I do is about him.” 
“You were with him for two years, honey. At your age, that seems like a lifetime. I know. I was your age once, remember?” Sierra squeezed her daughter’s hand. “Were you hoping he’d see those pictures and wish he’d never been stupid enough to let you get away?” 
Her mother had this way of zeroing in on a problem with laser-sharp focus, no matter how hard Alisa tried to conceal it. “I don’t know, maybe.” 
“You know you can tell me anything.” 
“It hurt so damn much,” she whispered, blinking back the tears. “Knowing that I wasn’t enough, that she had something I didn’t.” 
“Oh, baby,” Sierra said, stroking her hair. “You weren’t the one lacking; he was. Maybe she was the right woman for him, but he should have been man enough to tell you that before he slept with her. Alisa, that moment can only define your life if you let it.” 
“What do you mean?” 
“You’ve been trying to prove something to him for a while now. Every day is about getting back at him, not getting on with your life, and that’s what you should focus on.” 
She sighed. “I know; you’re right.” 
“You’ve been going out with all the wrong men for months now. These guys are selfish and immature, exactly like Nick. You need someone who’s responsible and mature. A man who’s been around enough to know that you’re special. Someone who’s gonna respect you for the incredible woman you are on the inside and value the treasure he’s found in you. That’s what you deserve, sweetheart.” 
“Spoken like my mother.” 
Sierra laughed. “Maybe, but it’s true. Your dad was young when we got together. He still had a lot of growing up to do. That’s why we grew apart. It took five years of being apart to realize we belonged together. But it doesn’t have to be that way for you. You can make the right choice the first time around if you’re clear about what you want and you’re willing to hold out until you find the man you deserve.”
“I thought I had found the right man and look how that turned out.” 
“Maybe you just need a break from relationships for a while, but don’t avoid getting involved just because you’re scared.” 
“I am scared,” Alisa said, looking at their joined hands. “What if I make the same mistake again? What if I trust the wrong man and he breaks my heart, too?” 
“It’s a risk, but if you’re not willing to take that risk, you can’t expect to find happiness.” 
Alisa drew a shaky breath. “I think I’ll start with the business first, see how that goes.” 
Sierra reached down to kiss her cheek. “I believe in you. I know amazing things are out there waiting for you; you just have to be brave and face your fear head-on.” 




Chapter Two 

Alisa eased into her seat in first class, barely able to contain her excitement. She’d flown all over the world the past few months, buying inventory for her new, upscale retail store, and Las Vegas was her last stop before her grand opening next weekend. She’d heard great things about a funky new handbag designer from her contacts, and if she was as talented as her online portfolio indicated, her products would be the perfect addition to her boutique. 
Alisa had gone to great pains to ensure her retail haven was on trend, but incorporated enough classical pieces to appeal to the upscale middle-aged set as well. She bought the pieces she loved and could only hope her patrons would share her enthusiasm. 
A tall, broad-shouldered man with subtle silver streaks highlighting his black hair claimed the seat beside her. Wow. Alisa normally didn’t go for older men, but this guy exuded a sexy confidence that was impossible to ignore.  
She waited for him to glance in her direction, for a flicker of awareness or attraction to pass between them, but when he pulled a Harvard Business Review magazine out of his black leather briefcase, it was obvious he intended to ignore her. 
For some unknown reason, his rejection offended her. It shouldn’t. She wasn’t in the market for a man. She hadn’t indulged in bedroom recreation for months, not since she’d signed on the dotted line and promised not to disappoint her father or herself. She had to stay focused on her business. The first year was the most important. She knew it could be the launching pad for the future stores she hoped to have, or she could go down in a burst of flames. The latter wasn’t even an option. She had to succeed at this, and that meant she couldn’t afford any distractions. 
Opening the latest copy of Vogue, she tried to ignore the muscled thigh pressed against her bare leg. She was going for comfort when she’d selected the lightweight black cotton skirt and matching tank that morning, but she suddenly wished she opted for a little more coverage instead. Bare skin provoked naughty fantasies of being tangled up in the sheets with a certain sexy stranger. She realized she chose the wrong moment to look up when his light blue eyes captured hers in a look filled with enough sparks to set off an explosion. 
“Good afternoon,” he said, beginning a lazy perusal that started with her bare, bronzed legs and ended where it had started, fixed on her eyes.
Alisa was too shocked by her physical reaction to his scrutiny to respond to the casual greeting. She was used to male admiration, but when a man was this obvious, she usually felt irritated, not warm and tingly all over. 
His eyes zeroed in on her bare left hand, and he smiled, revealing a flash of white teeth and disarming grin so sexy it should have come with a warning label. No man had a right to be this handsome. It simply wasn’t fair to the poor unsuspecting girl seated next to him with no hope of defending herself when endless hours filled with nothingness stretched out before them. 
“Your boyfriend must be crazy to let you travel to Sin City all by your lonesome.” His voice was low and raspy, filled with sexual innuendo and promise. 
“I, uh…” Spit it out, damn it. “Don’t have a boyfriend.” 
He licked his full lips as his intense eyes outlined her face. “Husband, fiancé… lover?” His voice deepened even more as he uttered the last word, sending thrill bumps skittering across her bare skin. 
“No, no, and…” She drew a shallow gulp of air into her lungs, but the word still sounded breathless. “No.” 
“Damn, I really need to fly commercial more often. I had no idea what I was missing out on.” He smiled again as he extended his hand. “Liam.” 
She hadn’t expected his hands to be calloused or rough, and they weren’t. He was obviously accustomed to sitting behind a desk, and that suited her just fine. She loved elegant, refined men, and he more than filled the bill. “Alisa.” 
He brought her hand to his lips and seemed in no hurry to tear his mouth away as his eyes remained fixed on hers. He turned her hand over and she couldn’t chase away the image of his tongue flitting across her pulse point. 
“Tell me about yourself, Alisa.” He finally released her hand as he shifted slightly in his seat to face her. 
“Um, well, I’m from Nashville.” 
He smiled. “I suspected as much.”
Since they were flying out of Nashville, it was a safe assumption. “How about you? Where are you from?”
“Home base is San Francisco, but I travel a lot for business.”
She should be relieved. San Francisco was a safe distance from Nashville, definitely too far for a casual fling. “What do you do?”
He smirked, as though her inquiry amused him. “I’m in the hospitality industry.”
“That’s nice.” She sensed he was a private person, guarded even, so she didn’t want to delve too deep, but she couldn’t resist the urge to repeat the question he’d asked earlier. “Since you asked me, it only seems fair. Wife, fiancée… lover?” 
He chuckled as he plucked an invisible speck of lint from his tailored dress pants. “No, no, and no.” 
“Hard to believe,” she muttered, treating herself to the same brazen onceover he’d given her. 
He quirked a dark eyebrow while giving her a lopsided grin. “I am married…” He watched her expression carefully. “To my career. Not much room in my life for anything else, I’m afraid.” 
“Oh, I see.” That was fair warning if ever she’d heard it. Not that she needed to be put on notice. They lived in different states, and she was far too busy with her new business venture to even consider acting on the undeniable attraction between them, no matter how tempting indulging in one night of careless fun might be. But according to her father’s terms, anything that could land her in the tabloids was off-limits. Of course, they wouldn’t have to worry about that if they were tucked away in a private hotel suite. She cursed her errant thoughts. She’d never engaged in a meaningless one-night stand, and this wasn’t the time to start, not when her entire future was still up for grabs. 
Her father made it clear: one slip up and he wouldn’t hesitate to pull the plug on her financing. He called it tough love. She called him a control freak, and they agreed to disagree. 
“So, what do you do, Alisa?” The way he said her name felt like a caress drifting across her skin, and she could imagine her name on his lips while he was lost in an intimate moment. 
She crossed her legs as she cursed her overactive imagination. What was it about this man that made her think about big beds, subtle strokes, and long, lazy mornings without a care in the world? It was painfully obvious as she watched his index finger skim his lips. He was six plus feet, two hundred plus pounds of temptation no woman in her right mind could resist. 
“I’m in fashion.” She cleared her throat as she closed her magazine and placed it in the seat pocket in front of her. “Actually, I’m opening my first boutique next week. It’s called Alisa’s.” 
“Of course it is.” He followed suit, tucking his magazine back inside his briefcase. “What made you decide to get into the business?” 
“I modeled for several years, and I’ve always loved fashion.” 
He chuckled. “A model? Why am I not surprised?” 
Alisa bristled at the way he said the word model. She was used to being labeled because of her chosen profession. The fact that she’d chosen to make her living in front of a camera earned her a reputation as shallow, self-indulgent, and spoiled. “In case you’re wondering, I kept my clothes on.”
“I never had any doubt. You’re obviously a classy lady.”
The compliment was a mild balm to her wounded ego, but she wasn’t willing to let him off the hook that easily. “Why do you have such a low opinion of models?” 
He laughed. “Let’s just say I’ve dated my fair share, and they all seem to fit into a certain mold.” 
She’d spent enough time around models to know he was right. They definitely shared common characteristics. Maybe that’s why she wasn’t strong enough to go the distance. “Sounds like you’re stereotyping.” 
“Maybe.” He shrugged. “But I call it like I see it. I won’t apologize for having an opinion, even if you don’t happen to share it.” 
Of all the arrogant, egotistical men she’d met in her life, this man claimed the prize. “Excuse me, I’d like to use the restroom, if you don’t mind.” When she came back, she intended to tune in to the movie, so she could tune him out. 


Liam Bryson cursed his big mouth. Speaking his mind was part of who he was, and he knew people judged him because of it. They’d called him opinionated, arrogant, insufferable, stubborn—the list went on, but those qualities helped him build one of the most exclusive boutique hotel chains in the world, so he refused to apologize for the attributes that made him successful. 
But when he realized his unwarranted opinion had offended Alisa, he immediately wished he could retract his words. He’d lumped her in with all of the other women he’d dated, and it was obvious to him in the few moments they spent together that she was nothing like them. She was special. He didn’t know how he knew, and he didn’t question it. He trusted his instincts, and he knew he had to find a way to get back into her good graces, because even if he never saw her again after their plane touched down, he didn’t want her to think poorly of him. 
He hadn’t considered another person’s opinion of him in years, and he’d never, ever gone out of his way to impress a lady. He’d never had to, not when the prospect of accessing his bank account seemed to be the only enticement they needed. 
He stood up to let Alisa slide into her window seat and impulse prompted him to settle his hands on her waist and pull her flush against his chest as he whispered in her ear, “I’m sorry.” 
He heard her slight gasp the minute she felt the evidence of his arousal, but he couldn’t hide his attraction to her, and he didn’t want to. He wanted her to know, without a doubt, what she was doing to him. “I shouldn’t have said that. I didn’t mean it, sweetheart.” 
They were getting too close, too intimate. They were still strangers, yet to the casual observer, they must look like lovers intent on making up after a harmless spat. 
Her hands closed over his as she slid his hands off her hips. “Excuse me.” 
He watched her slide a set of pink earbuds into her ears as she glanced at the overhead screen. If she thought he would be dismissed that easily, she obviously didn’t realize who she was dealing with. He tugged on the cord and smiled when she scowled at him. 
“Leave me alone. I want to watch the movie.” 
He glanced at the screen. “I’ve seen this one. You want me to tell you how it ends?” 
“No, I want you to go back to your magazine and pretend you never met me.” 
“Impossible,” he whispered. He risked a glimpse of her mouth and immediately wished he hadn’t. She’d obviously touched up her lipstick and brushed out her long blond waves while in the restroom. Her mouth was pink and full, glossy and moist. Whether she realized it or not, she was begging to be kissed, and he was barely able to walk the fine line of propriety. “Let me make it up to you by buying you dinner tonight.” 
“Are you serious? I’m not having dinner with you tonight or any other night.” 
“Why not? Are you afraid?” 
She crossed her arms and looked at the billowy clouds floating past their window. “Afraid of what?” 
“This thing between us.” He crossed one leg over the other and leaned in closer. “It’s intense. You can’t deny that. Come on, Alisa. You’re single; I’m single. We’re both staying in Vegas. Are you telling me you wouldn’t rather spend the evening with me than holed up in your hotel room, munching on expensive peanuts and watching pay-per-view movies until you fall asleep?” 
Her lips twisted into a scornful smile. “You’re assuming I’m going to be alone. Did I say that was my intent?” 
He felt it rip through him with the ferocity of a lightning bolt, fast, furious, and totally unexpected. Jealousy. Never in his forty-four years had he ever been jealous when one of his lovers threatened to find someone else because he was spending too much time at the office. How could the thought of this relative stranger spending the night in another man’s arms make him feel so angry, so possessive? “I thought you said you didn’t have a lover at the moment? Are you meeting someone in Vegas?” 
“None of your business.” 
His hands curled into fists. “Fine, suit yourself.” He pulled his iPod out of his briefcase, determined to listen to classical music until it inevitably lulled him to sleep. 




Chapter Three 

It took every ounce of Alisa’s willpower to ignore him for the remainder of their flight. She knew her bad temper had little to do with his words and everything to do with the way he made her feel. She wanted to have dinner with him, to see where it might lead, but the promise she made to her father precluded that as an option. Even though she was in Las Vegas, not Nashville, where her family was considered country music royalty, she couldn’t be certain someone with a camera wouldn’t snap a picture that would end up all over the Internet by morning. 
Her father didn’t expect her to be a social recluse, but dinner with a man twenty years her senior wouldn’t go over well with Trey, no matter how much she wanted to pretend it would be a nonissue because he would never find out. Who was she kidding? Daddy Dearest would go ballistic if she started dating a man nearly twice her age, and if there was even the slightest chance of a leak, she couldn’t risk it. Everything rode on this new business, and indulging in a fantasy with a sexy stranger simply wasn’t worth the risk. 
When he would have stepped out into the aisle and walked out of her life, Alisa gave in to the urge to reach for his arm. She smiled. “You’re forgiven, and I’m sorry I overreacted.”
His warm smile finally reached his eyes, triggering finely etched lines she hadn’t noticed before. They should serve as a reminder that he was too old for her, but instead they made him even more appealing. “Apology accepted.” He gestured for her to go ahead of him, and she smiled, graciously accepting his invitation. 
Alisa felt the heat of his gaze boring into her backside and tried to focus on putting one foot in front of the other as she politely thanked the cabin crew and made her way down the ramp. 
He fell into step beside her. “Have you given any more thought to that dinner invitation? The offer still stands… if you’re interested.” 
She was interested, too interested, and therein lay her problem. “Um, I’m not sure that’s such a good idea.” 
“No pressure.” He raised his hands. “Just a friendly dinner. I’m not expecting anything beyond that.” 
The problem wasn’t his expectation, but hers. She couldn’t remember the last time she’d been this attracted to a man, if ever, and she didn’t trust herself to maintain a platonic relationship if he was willing to offer more. “Where are you staying?” 
He grinned. “Well away from the strip. It’s a nice little boutique hotel, but they have a decent casino, if you like gambling.” 
She laughed. “I like it a little too much. That’s the problem. I never have the restraint to quit while I’m ahead.”
“I know the feeling.” 
She tried to reach for her small Vuitton suitcase when it finally made its way around, but he beat her to it. “Thanks. Well, I’m staying at the Bellagio, so I doubt our paths will cross again.” 
“You like being in the midst of the action, huh?” 
In fact, she couldn’t imagine visiting the popular casino alone. The scenario he’d described earlier was probably more accurate… room service and falling asleep in front of the TV. “No, it’s just that I usually stay there when I visit with friends, so I figured, why not, since I’m only here one night.”
“One night, huh?” He smiled. “Listen, if you’re interested in stepping outside of your comfort zone, I happen to know that the new chef at Bryson’s is terrific.”
“Bryson’s, that’s where you’re staying?” She’d heard great things about the exclusive boutique hotel chain and had to admit she was curious to find out what the hype was all about. 
“Yeah. You’ve heard of it?” 
She rolled her eyes. “Who hasn’t heard of it?” 
“Good things?” 
“Sure, it’s supposed to be lovely. But I’m sure they’re booked.” 
He grinned. “Does that mean you’re willing to consider changing your plans so we can have dinner together?” 
“I shouldn’t, but…” 
“But you will?” 
“Why don’t you find out if they have any rooms available while I visit the ladies’ room? If they do, we’ll take it from there.” 
“I don’t think that’ll be a problem.” 


Liam watched her walk away before he reached into his briefcase to pull out his Blackberry. He scanned his contacts for the number for the reception desk at his Las Vegas hotel. Connecting the call, he waited, hoping she wouldn’t come back before he’d had a chance to speak to one of his employees. 
He wasn’t ready for Alisa to know that he was that Liam Bryson just yet. He trusted his instincts, but he’d like to get to know her better before he told her who he was. Women inevitably got that glazed look in their eyes when they met him and he knew they were mentally calculating his net worth. That was the reason he was so selective with the women he took to bed. Dating models and actresses was fun, but since one reckless night resulted in an unplanned pregnancy fourteen years ago, he’d been much more careful. He loved his daughter too much to expose her to a woman willing to use her just to get into her wealthy father’s good graces.
“Good evening. Bryson’s. This is Tiffany speaking. How can I help you?” 
“Tiffany, this is Liam Bryson. How are you?” He’d never met the young lady answering the phone personally, but he believed in treating all of his employees, from the housekeeping staff to his CFO, with respect until they gave him reason not to. 
“Hello, sir. I understand you’ll be staying with us for a couple of days?”
“Yes, I’m looking forward to it.” Liam had never been in the awkward position of having to ask one of his employees to exercise discretion before, but he didn’t see another option. “Listen, I have a friend joining me this evening.”
“Of course, sir.” 
“She’ll need her own suite.” 
“Oh, I… uh, I’m afraid we’re booked, sir.” 
Liam pinched the bridge of his nose. He was tired and frustrated after an exhausting week, and dinner with a beautiful woman was exactly what he needed to take his mind off business for a while. “Give her half of my suite.” His was a three-bedroom, two-bath suite with bedrooms and bathrooms on either end and an adjoining door between. It was ideal for families traveling together, long-term guests, or people who preferred more space than the standard suites provided.
“Of course, Mr. Bryson. I’ll see to it right away.” 
“One more thing, Tiffany. My friend doesn’t know I own the hotel, and I’d rather she not. Can you let the rest of the staff know I’d like to keep a low profile tonight?” He knew that was no small order, since each of his hotels employed nearly a hundred people on any given night. 
“Um, of course, sir. We look forward to seeing you soon.” 
Liam looked up just as Alisa exited the restroom. He watched the appreciative stares from men as she passed, but she seemed oblivious. He admired the fact that she seemed so unaware of her obvious effect on the opposite sex, whereas most women who looked like her would enjoy playing it up. 
“So, what’s the verdict?” she asked, smiling up at him. 
“We’re all set.” 
“I’m impressed. You must have some clout at that hotel to get a room on such short notice.” 
She had no idea. “You could say that.” He reached for her hand. “You ready?” 
“Don’t you have any luggage?” 
“My things are already at the hotel.” He was supposed to take his private jet today, but he’d let his brother take it instead. Matthew wanted to surprise his wife with a romantic getaway to Liam’s vacation home in Barbados, and since there was very little he wouldn’t do for his younger brother, he agreed to fly commercial so Matt could take the company plane. Given the turn of events, Liam would have to remember to thank his brother later. 
“Oh, okay then.” 
He slipped his hand through hers as he led her outside to the pick-up zone. A familiar silver stretch limousine waited for them at the curb, and his usual driver, Ted, jumped out. 
Liam ushered her into the car without waiting for Ted to open their door. If Ted used his last name, Alisa was bound to put two and two together. He held his finger up to Alisa. “Just give me a minute.” 
She smiled. “Of course, take your time.” 
He glanced at the older man, comfortable in the knowledge that the enormous tips he always provided should be enough to buy him the favor he intended to ask for. “I’d prefer if you didn’t use my last name tonight, Ted.” 
He raised a bushy gray eyebrow as he tried, unsuccessfully, to suppress a smile. “As you wish, sir.” 
Liam scowled as he slid inthe backseat to join her. He knew this ruse was ridiculous. It was only a matter of time before she figured out he was worth hundreds of millions of dollars, which would inevitably color her opinion of him. He wanted a few more hours of just being Liam before that happened. He liked her already, and he wanted her to like him, too. Just because he was a decent guy, not because of his bank balance. 
“Are you okay?” 
Her gentle question tugged at something deep inside of him. When was the last time someone outside of his family had asked if he was okay? “Fine, thanks. I just needed to have a word with Ted about something.” 
He suddenly felt guilty for keeping secrets from her, for lumping her in with the legions of women who’d come before her. His instincts told him that she was being genuine and she deserved the truth, but he had no way of knowing whether he was being played until he got to know her better. Perhaps she recognized him the moment he sat down next to her, and she’d been playing this game ever since, just to keep him interested. He had to admit it was working. He was definitely interested. 
“I’m glad I agreed to this,” she said, resting her head against the leather seat as she closed her eyes. “I’ve been working fourteen hour days for months now. This is exactly what I needed tonight.” 
Impulse had him reaching for her legs and propping them on his. He plucked her sandals off and let them fall to the floor. 
She opened her eyes and looked at him. “What are you doing?” 
“Just helping you relax.” He began swirling his thumb over the pad of her foot, eliciting a deep moan from her that went straight through him. “Feel good, sweetheart?” 
“God, Liam, that feels amazing.” She moaned again as she threaded her hands through her hair. 
He wanted to take her right there in the backseat of his limo, in the middle of a crowded city street, with little more than a sheet of glass to protect them from prying eyes. When she began massaging him with the heel of her other foot, he groaned. 
Her eyes flew open and she glanced at the bulge in the front of his pants before her cheeks turned a charming shade of pink. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to—”
“Don’t be sorry.” If she were any other woman, he would have made his intentions clear, but he didn’t want tonight to be about sex. He wanted to know if a woman could like him just because he was a decent guy. He’d been treated like a money-making machine for so long, he was beginning to feel like one. And tonight, in the arms of the right woman, he just wanted to feel like a man again. “I’m not gonna lie, Alisa. I want you. You’re a gorgeous woman, but that’s not why I invited you to spend the evening with me.” 
She set her feet down on the floor. “Why did you ask me to join you tonight?” 
He moved closer to tuck a strand of hair behind her ear. He let his hand linger beside her head as he set his arm on the back of the seat. “I meet a lot of women. Most are beautiful, but few, if any, make me feel something. You do. I knew I’d regret it if I didn’t explore that.” 
Her straight white teeth sank into her bottom lip as she seemed to consider his words. “I feel the same way. You’re all wrong for me, but—”
“Why do you say that?” He didn’t want to be wrong for her, not when he sensed she could be so right for him. 
She tipped her head to one side, looking him in the eye. “How old are you, Liam?” 
He winced inwardly. Of course, a young, gorgeous woman like Alisa probably thought of him as a dirty old man. He rarely considered age a factor when deciding whether he wanted to date a woman, because he knew the relationship wouldn’t last past a date or two. He had his limits. He wouldn’t date anyone too young, but he knew Alisa was well past the age of being legal. “Forty-four. You?” 
“Twenty-five.” She smiled. “I can’t say I’ve ever dated anyone that much older before.” 
He prided himself on staying in good shape, but he didn’t fool himself into believing he had the stamina of a twenty-year-old anymore. The prospect of aging didn’t usually bother him… until he compared himself to the twenty-something men Alisa usually dated. “Does it bother you, the fact that I’m so much older?” 
“Me? No. But my father would probably have a coronary if he found out.” 
It pleased him that she was at least thinking past tonight. “Daddy’s little girl, are you?” 
“You could say that.” She looked at the hands clasped in her lap. “But, um, it kind of goes beyond that. My dad is financing my business, and I can’t afford to piss him off right now.” 
“And seeing me would piss him off, huh?” Knowing that her father was using his money to try and control her annoyed Liam, especially since he’d watched his father do that to his mother for too many years. 
“Um, yeah. He’s a good guy, but he’s just a little overprotective.” She sighed. “He hasn’t had an easy time of it, and he just doesn’t want to see me make the same mistakes he’s made.” 
“Any father would feel the same way.” He knew he would lay down his life for his own daughter, so he couldn’t blame Alisa’s father for wanting to protect her. “It sounds like you two are close?” He slid a strand of her hair through his fingers, marveling at how soft it felt. 
“We are. I don’t want to disappoint him. That’s why it’s so important to me that this business venture is a success.” 
He smiled as he slid his hand into her hair and began massaging the back of her neck. He watched her eyes drift closed as the craving for a taste of her lips intensified. “I know a thing or two about business. I’d be happy to look at your business plan.” 
“That’s sweet of you. I just might take you up on that later.” 
It seemed so natural to want to help her. Most people weren’t shy about asking for what they wanted from him, but knowing that she didn’t expect anything made him want to give more freely. “It would be my pleasure.” He could feel the tension in the back of her neck and he longed to ease some of her stress. “Turn around, sweetheart. Let me see what I can do about some of those knots.” 
“Oh no, you don’t have to do that.” 
He reached over to release her seatbelt. “I know I don’t have to, but I want to. Come on, turn around.” 
She shifted her body and slid her long blond hair around her shoulder. “Thanks.” 
He rubbed her shoulders, trying to ignore the long, smooth column of her neck until he couldn’t anymore. His mouth hovered just above the creamy flesh as he whispered, “Now would be a good time to tell me to back off.” 
“I can’t.” 
Those two simple words summed up his sentiment more accurately than he ever could have. He couldn’t control what was happening between them, the overpowering urge to hold her, touch her, taste her… For a man used to controlling everything, she made him feel powerless. 
He skimmed his lips over her collarbone until she sighed and leaned into him. His tongue was on a mindless quest that began and ended with giving her pleasure. He nipped, kissed, and licked her delicate flesh until she was panting and breathless. 
“We have to stop,” she whispered. 
He hadn’t even tasted her yet, and he was already greedy for more. “I don’t want to stop.” He slid her tank strap down and kissed the gentle slope of her shoulder. “I want you. God, Alisa, I need you.” 
“Please,” she whimpered, reaching around to thrust her hands into his hair. “We can’t do this. Not here. We just met. This is wrong. Please.” 
Her desperate plea snapped him out of his lust-induced state as he pushed back on the seat, putting some distance between them. “I’m sorry, sweetheart.” He raked his hands through his hair as he called himself every foul name that came to mind. “I didn’t mean to push. I sure as hell didn’t mean for that to happen.” 
“Don’t apologize. I wanted you, too. But not here, not like this.” 
His mind flashed to the last time he’d been in the back of a limo with a woman. She insisted on pleasuring him and he never saw her again. His stomach roiled in protest when he realized he almost let his libido override his better judgement again. 
Alisa was too classy to have sex in the back of a limo. She deserved six-hundred-thread-count sheets, a bottle of chilled Dom, and an unforgettable morning after. He may not be able to control his need for her, but he could at least give her that. 
“I want you,” he whispered, palming her cheek. “So damn much, I can’t stand it. But if you don’t want to take this any further, I’ll understand.” He couldn’t promise her anything beyond tonight. They lived in different states, led different lives, but if she would grant him just one night, he was determined to make it a night she would never forget. 
“I do want to.” 




Chapter Four 

Alisa didn’t know what to expect when they pulled up in front of the hotel. She’d already consented to sex. Would he just take her up to his room… and… She got chills just thinking about what she’d agreed to. She always chose her lovers carefully, and there hadn’t been anyone in the year since she’d ended her engagement. The thought of being intimate with a sexy stranger nearly twice her age was exhilarating and terrifying. She knew nothing about this man, aside from his first name, age, and the fact that he was in the hospitality industry. But perhaps it was better that way. They could both walk away with a few nice memories of the night they shared and no expectations. 
She hung back as he approached the front desk. Several upscale clothing boutiques and jewelry stores lined the walls leading to the elevators and she was so enthralled in window shopping she didn’t hear him approach until she felt his lips brush her hair. 
“See something you like?” 
Alisa was admiring a diamond and platinum ring featured in one of the brightly lit windows. It was a large oval diamond with smaller diamonds encircling it, and a filigree pattern all the way around the narrow band. She was struck by how much it resembled the ring her grandfather gave her grandmother on the day he proposed. 
She’d always admired that ring, and her nana told her she wanted her to have it someday. Alisa and her grandmother were so close, she didn’t ever want that day to come. She didn’t need a ring to remind her of the wonderful times they’d shared, not when she thought almost every day of the life lessons her grandparents had taught her. 
“That ring,” she said, pointing to the sparkling oval diamond. “It reminds me so much of my grandmother’s engagement ring.” She wrinkled her nose. “I know it may seem kind of old-fashioned by today’s standards, but I think it’s breathtaking.” 
Liam admired the ring before turning to her. “Is that the kind of ring you would choose, if you were to get engaged?” 
“Um, I don’t know.” She allowed him to take her hand as he led her toward the elevators. Her break-up had been very public, because of her fiancé’s profile as a country music singer, but she had no reason to believe Liam heard about it. He certainly hadn’t indicated that she looked familiar. “I was engaged once before.” She didn’t know why she chose to confide in him, but the words were out of her mouth before she could censor them. 
“Is that so?” He released her hand to punch the button on the elevator as he still held her small suitcase with the other hand. “Did you end things recently?” 
“No, it’s been a while.” She stepped onto the elevator ahead of him and watched him press the button for the top floor. 
As the doors slid closed, cocooning them in the dimly lit, private space, he said, “I guess his loss is my gain.” 
She’d never had such a strong physical reaction to a man before, as though some magnetic force drew them together. “It hurt at the time, but I know it was for the best.” 
“Of course it was,” he said, smiling. “If you hadn’t ended that relationship, we wouldn’t be standing here.” He brushed a strand of hair off her face, as he got lost in her eyes. “I believe everything happens for a reason, and maybe you had to go through that experience to end up here… with me.” 
 The intensity she saw in his eyes and heard in the power of his softly spoken words shook her. Her previous relationships were light and fun, until they weren’t anymore, but something about this man told her he was different. He was so confident, so secure, and the allure of his self-assurance put her at ease, as though she was exactly where she needed to be. 
Before she had a chance to respond, the elevator delivered them to their floor and he led her into the expansive hallway. 
Everything about the hotel spoke of understated elegance, from the heavily patterned, coordinated carpets and drapery to the crystal chandeliers and ornate plaster moldings. “This hotel is lovely. I can see why people speak so highly of it.” 
A ghost of a smile appeared on Liam’s lips before it was gone again. “I’m glad you approve.” He slid a card into the door and waited for the green light before turning the pewter handle. “We have adjoining rooms. You can choose to have your own room…” He set her suitcase down in the entrance. “Or not. It’s up to you.” 
She admired the fact he wasn’t pressuring her in spite of what happened in the car. Of course, she knew a man like Liam wouldn’t have to try and coerce a woman into bed. If anything, he was probably declining invitations from interested females all the time. He was obviously gorgeous… successful… a target for any woman looking to land a husband, which begged the question… “Why are you still single?” 
He laughed as he walked toward the minibar and reached for two crystal glasses. “You don’t believe in pulling any punches, do you?” 
She leaned against the wall as she watched him pour a splash of fifteen-year-old scotch into both glasses. He hadn’t bothered to ask her if she would prefer something else to drink, which led her to believe he was used to having people bend to his will. “Actually, I’d prefer a liqueur, if you have it?” 
He raised an eyebrow and she smiled sweetly at him. “Of course you would.” He slid the second scotch glass aside and held up a bottle of Bailey’s. “Will this do? If not, I can call downstairs and—”
“No, that’ll be fine, thanks.” 
He poured the thick liquid into a shot glass and crossed the room to hand it to her. “Here’s to chance encounters.” 
She smiled as she touched her glass to his. “To chance encounters.” She watched him over the rim of her glass as she sipped the sweet liquid. “Tell me, do you have very many of these chance encounters, Liam?” 
He threw his drink back before smiling at her. “Are you asking me if I sleep with a lot of women?” 
On second thought, she didn’t want to know. She reached for her suitcase. “I think I’ll slip into my room, so I can shower before dinner.” 
“The answer is no.” He waited for her to look at him before he said, “I’m very selective about the women I choose as partners. I can’t afford to be promiscuous.” 
“I just assumed a man like you would take a different woman to bed every night.” There was freedom in knowing she wouldn’t see him again. She could say whatever she wanted without questioning whether her directness would be unappealing. They only had one night, so she intended to be herself in a way she never had with another man. No question of where it might lead, or whether he might be the one, because she knew there was no chance he could be. 
“Why do you say that?” 
“You’re attractive, successful, single. Why wouldn’t you choose to indulge in female companionship at every opportunity?” 
He chuckled. “I didn’t say I don’t enjoy the company of women. I do, very much, in fact, but I can’t afford to fall into bed with every woman who shows an interest in my ban—” He cleared his throat. “In me.” 
“What were you going to say?” 
“Nothing.” He took her suitcase and unlocked the door to the adjoining suite. After setting her suitcase beside the king-sized bed, he said, “I’ll call down and make the arrangements for dinner. Does an hour and a half work for you?”
“Perfect.” She waited, wondering if he would try to pick up where they left off in the limo, but he turned and walked to the threshold of the adjoining rooms as she tried to quash her disappointment. 
“If you need anything, just let me know, okay?” 
You. I need you. “I will, thanks.” 


Liam sank down to the bed and scraped his hands over his face. What the hell was happening to him? No woman had ever made him feel so edgy or uncertain. He always set the course for his relationships, and his partners happily followed his lead, but he found himself deferring to Alisa, waiting for her signal before he made his next move. 
He wanted her with a ferocity that left him grasping to make sense of it. He was a middle-aged man with decades of experience with women, yet he’d never experienced this kind of immediate connection with a woman, especially not one passing through his life for only one night. 
The thought of saying good-bye to her tomorrow, knowing he would never see her again, made his gut coil in knots of tension that stirred his body. He needed more time to get to know her, to try and decipher this inexplicable hold she seemed to have over him. He’d seen her admiring that diamond ring in the window, and instead of being disgusted by her greed, as he would with another date, he wanted her to have it. Just because it made her smile.
His Blackberry buzzed and the distraction relieved him. Business, as always, would remind him of what was important. “Bryson.” He winced when he realized he’d said that loud enough for her to overhear, had she been listening. 
“Hey, bro.” 
“I thought you’d be sipping Daiquiris on the beach with Tracey by now.” His younger brother, Matt, served as Bryson’s CFO and his right hand. “What’s wrong? You do something to piss her off already?”
Matt laughed. “First of all, I don’t sip Daiquiris, and second of all, I know how to keep my woman happy, which is more than I can say for you.” 
Liam knew how to keep a woman happy; he just chose not to. He smiled when he heard the shower in Alisa’s bathroom. Just knowing she was only a few feet away gave him a sense of peace he hadn’t felt in a long, long time. “What can I do for you?” 
“I wanted to talk to you about that Lawson deal. Paul told me—”
“Can this wait until we get back to the office, Matt? I’m kinda busy right now.” 
“Since when does anything take precedence over business? You got another big deal in the works you haven’t told me about? Hey, were you able to buy that piece of land in Costa Rica you’ve had your eye on? That one is gonna be—”
“No, this has nothing to do with business.” He knew he couldn’t get his brother off the phone unless he told him the truth. “I, uh, met someone on the plane.” 
Matt chuckled. “Okay, gimme the deets.” 
Liam wasn’t ready to talk about Alisa, not when he couldn’t even make sense of what was happening himself. “She’s great. I like her. A lot.” 
“What the hell is goin’ on with you?” 
“Nothing. What’re you talking about?”
“You’re usually so nonchalant about women. When was the last time you liked one… a lot? Especially one you just met?” 
Liam winced when he heard his sister-in-law’s voice in the background. Matt and Tracey had been on him for years about settling down and finding a suitable role model for his thirteen-year-old daughter, Abby. “Would you guys back off? I’m still getting to know her.” 
“But…” 
“But nothing, it’s not going anywhere. She lives in Nashville.” 
“Damn it.” 
Liam shared the sentiment. It was just his luck; the most intriguing women he’d met… ever… and she lived thousands of miles away. “Besides, she’s younger, a lot younger.”
“How young are we talking?” 
“Twenty-five.” 
Matt laughed. “You had me scared there for a minute. I thought you were gonna tell me she was barely legal.” 
“Shut up.” 
“So, tell me about her.” 
“God, you sound like such a girl. What are we, in high school?” 
“You can either tell me or I’ll put my wife on the phone and let her grill you.”
“Don’t even think about.” Liam pinched the bridge of his nose, knowing he had no choice but to concede. “The truth is, I don’t know a lot about her yet, aside from her age, the fact that she lives in Nashville, works in fashion, was engaged, is a daddy’s girl…”
“Hold up a minute. She was engaged? Is the fiancé still in the picture?” 
Liam hoped not. “I don’t think so. She said they broke up a while ago.” 
“How long is a while?” 
“How the hell should I know? Like I said, I just met the girl a few hours ago.” He was getting tired of playing twenty questions with his kid brother. “We’re going out for dinner in a bit. That’ll give me a chance to get to know her better, and I’ll find out what the deal is with the ex before we… take it any further.” 
“I just don’t want you to be her rebound guy. You know that never ends well.” 
The thought of Alisa using him to get over some other man made him sick. When he made love to her, he wanted her undivided attention. The image of her making love to him and fantasizing about someone else… 
“She must’ve freaked when she found out who you were, huh?” 
“She doesn’t know.” 
“What? Why the hell haven’t you told her?” 
“I don’t know. I just haven’t.” His brother would never understand. He had married his high school sweetheart the year after they graduated college. He had no idea what it was like to swim in waters infested with sharks on the hunt for the green lining his pockets. “I want to get to know her better first, try and figure out what her deal is.” 
“You know you could be making a big mistake, keeping it from her.” 
“Listen, the chances of me seeing her again are slim. She may never find out.” 
“Is that what you want?” Matt asked quietly. “Just another meaningless affair?” 
“No.” He ran his fingers through his hair, something he only did on the rare occasions he was agitated. “Hell, I don’t know.” 
“Man, listen to me. You’re not getting any younger.” 
“Thanks for the reminder.” 
“I’m serious. You really want to be alone forever? Doesn’t it get old, going home to that big, empty house every night?” 
“My house isn’t empty. Abby’s there.” 
“Okay, fine. Doesn’t it get lonely going home to an empty bed every night?” 
He would never admit that it was getting harder with every year that slipped past. “You know how busy I am with work. I don’t have time for a relationship…” Liam’s mouth dropped open when the adjoining door between their suites opened and Alisa appeared, still damp and wearing only a towel. “Jesus,” he whispered, looking her up and down as he began to salivate. 
“What? What is it?” Matt asked. 
“I gotta go. Talk to you later.” He let the phone fall to the bed, and he noticed a flash of annoyance cross her face. That’s when he realized she’d overheard the tail end of his conversation with his brother. “I was just talking to—”
She held her hand up as she walked past him. “You don’t owe me an explanation. I left my purse out here; there’s something in it that I needed. I didn’t mean to interrupt your conversation.” 
“I wasn’t talking to another woman, if that’s what you think.” 
She bent at the knees to retrieve her purse from the floor. “It’s none of my business who you were talking to.” 
He got up off the bed and went to her. Cupping her shoulders in his hands, he held her captive, forcing her to look at him. “Listen, I was being honest with you earlier. There’s no wife, no girlfriend, no lover waiting for me at home. I swear.” 
She looked at the hand on her shoulder. “There’s no tan line, but that doesn’t mean anything. Maybe you don’t wear a ring because you engage in these… affairs… all the time.” 
“Damn it, Alisa…” His frustration mounted as he thrust his hands into her wet hair and tipped her head back. “Trust me, you’re the only woman I want right now.” He wasn’t going to let her get away because of a misunderstanding, not when there was so much left to explore. 
He finally took the kiss he had craved ever since his eyes landed on those full, glossy pink lips the first time. As soon as his tongue broke the seal of her lips, the sparks ignited a fire that lit him up inside. Every nerve ending was on high alert as he plunged in and out of her mouth, letting his lips travel over her jaw, down her neck, to the swell of her exposed breasts. 
“Liam,” she said, pushing against his shoulders, “I need to be sure about this… about you.” 
He tried to leash his irritation as her words settled over him. He was moving too fast; he needed to figure out how to slow this down before he scared her away. “You’re right.” He held her face between his hands as he leaned his head against her forehead. “You finish getting ready. I’m gonna jump in the shower.” A nice, cold shower. 
She looped her thumbs through his belt loops. There was no way for either of them to ignore the presence of his arousal between them, letting her know how much it cost him to walk away from her now. “I didn’t mean to—”
“Don’t,” he said, pressing a chaste kiss to her lips. “Don’t say another word. I just need a few minutes to pull myself together.” 




Chapter Five 

Alisa was suitably impressed when Liam led her to a small but elegant private dining room set with a table for two. “This is lovely,” she said, taking the seat their host held for her. “Thank you.” 
“My pleasure, ma’am.” He turned to Liam. “Sir, shall I bring the wine you requested?” 
Liam smiled at him. “Yes, thank you, Robert.” 
The man seemed pleased Liam thought to address him by name, though he wore a gold name plate affixed to his black-and-white uniform. “Okay, tell me the real story. You said you were in the hospitality industry, but I’m getting the impression that you’re a pretty big player in that game.” 
Alisa had spent enough time in her father’s company to observe how people treated VIPs and Liam definitely commanded preferential treatment. 
He folded his arms over his broad chest and watched her carefully for a lingering moment before he said, “Okay, you got me. Last name’s Bryson.” 
“Bryson?” She let his announcement settle over her before she said, “You’re Liam Bryson. This is your hotel chain?” She rolled her eyes. “No wonder they treat you like royalty around here.” She took a sip from her water glass before she asked, “Why were you so reluctant to tell me who you are?” 
He shrugged his broad shoulders. “Women tend to see only the dollar signs when they meet me.” 
Her eyes traveled over his well-cut black suit before coming back to rest on his handsome face. “I can assure you, the last thing I think about is money when I look at you.” 
He smirked. “I’m relieved to hear that.” 
She had spent her entire life around wealthy celebrities—her father, Ty, Nikki, Tori, her fiancé—and she knew people treated them differently because of their wealth and fame. She couldn’t blame Liam for being discreet. In fact, she kind of admired him for it. Many men would have used that to try and entice her, but he seemed determined to downplay it. “I know it’s not easy. My father is Trey Turner.” Since he was honest with her, she felt she owed him the same measure of respect. “And my fiancé is… uh, was Nick Sinclair.” 
He closed his eyes for a brief moment, and when he opened them to look at her, she was surprised to see the tense set of his jaw. “Is he still in the picture?” 
“Who? Nick?” 
“Yes.” 
Dare she tell him that Nick called her every other week, begging for another chance? “He, uh, still calls me from time to time.” 
“Are you still sleeping with him?” 
She didn’t know why she was so surprised by his direct question. He obviously didn’t waste time worrying about diplomacy. “No.” 
“Good.” 
“You’re willing to take me at my word, just like that?” 
“I don’t really have a choice, do I?” Liam glanced at the waiter, who was opening the bottle of wine he requested and pouring a sample into his glass. He swirled the burgundy liquid around, brought it to his lips, and let it linger there while he watched her watching him. He took a measured sip and said, “Excellent, thank you.” 
“Very well, sir.” He poured wine into each of their glasses. “Shall I give you a few more moments with the menu?” 
Liam stared at Alisa as he said, “I already know what I want. You?” 
The temperature in the cozy room seemed to ratchet up a few degrees as he waited for her response. “Um, I’ll let you decide.” 
“Let’s start with grilled calamari, followed by filet mignon, and crème brulée for dessert.” 
“Very well, sir. How would you like the steaks prepared?” 
“Does medium work for you?” Liam asked.
“Yes.” Alisa smiled when the waiter collected their menus and walked away. “Are you always so decisive?” 
“I know what I like, and when I see something I want, I don’t believe in wasting time.” He leaned forward, grasping her hand in his. “I like you… I want you… and now that you know my story, there’s no reason to waste any more time, is there?” 
She knew a man like Liam was used to getting everything he wanted, which made her want to be the exception to that rule. She didn’t intend to be just another one of the women who yielded to his power, content to let him take the lead. “You may know how you feel, but I’m still trying to figure you out. The physical attraction aside, I’d like to know who you are beneath the fancy suits and flashy jewelry.” 
He laughed as he glanced at the diamond Rolex decorating his wrist. “I guess I’m not very good at being subtle, am I?” 
“No, you’re not.” Alisa held the stem of the wineglass between two fingers. “May I ask you something?” 
He opened his hands in supplication. “I’m an open book. Ask away.” 
“Who do you love more than anyone else on Earth?” 
His answer was automatic when he said, “My thirteen-year-old daughter, Abigail.” 
Oh wow, she hadn’t seen that one coming, and she didn’t know why it hit her like a blow to the solar plexus that he had a daughter with another woman. “So, you were married before?” 
He smirked. “No, just involved with a woman hoping to marry my money. She thought getting pregnant with my child would help her secure a place in my life.” He looked her directly in the eye when he said, “She thought wrong.” 
Alisa indulged in a sip of wine as she tried to decide how best to respond to that. “So your ex-girlfriend isn’t a part of your life?” 
“Nor is she a part of Abby’s. It turns out the idea of being a mother was more appealing than the job itself.” 
Her heart went out to him and his daughter when she thought of how much that betrayal must have cost them both. “I’m sorry.” 
Liam kissed her hand. “Thank you, but I’m not. Abby’s the best thing that’s ever happened to me. I thank God for her every day.” 
Alisa was suddenly grateful she was only spending one night in this man’s company. Someone who managed to run a billion dollar company and love his daughter with his whole heart would be difficult, if not impossible, to resist. “She lives with you, I take it?” 
“Yes, I have a live-in housekeeper, so there’s always someone there with her when I’m out of town. My mother lives nearby as well; she stops by to check on her.” 
Alisa smiled. “That’s so nice. I have a close relationship with my grandparents as well.” 
“I gathered that when I saw you admiring the ring earlier.” 
“Do you have a picture of her… your daughter?” Alisa suddenly had a compelling urge to see the face of the child he’d helped create. 
He grinned for the first time and his whole face lit up, making him look years younger. “Of course, what kind of father would I be if I didn’t?” He reached into the breast pocket of his suit and pulled out his phone. He held it out so she could see his screensaver.
“Oh,” Alisa whispered. “She’s beautiful.” She looked up at the man sitting across from her and tried to picture him as a doting father. Surprisingly, she found it easy to imagine. “She looks just like you.”
“Yes, she does.” He slipped the phone back into his pocket. “Now, tell me about yourself.” 
“Um, well, there’s not much to tell. You know that I modeled when I was teenager, but I decided to take my leave before they forced me out for being too old.” She tried not to let bitterness creep into her voice, but she sensed he was intuitive enough to hear it anyway. “I enjoyed it while it lasted, but it was time for me to find something new to focus my attention on.” She cleared her throat. “I was going through a difficult time after my engagement ended, and I was doing some pretty self-destructive things just to prove a point to my ex.” 
“Like what?”
“Nothing serious, just drinking a bit too much, partying too hard… dating a lot of different men.”
He brought his wine glass to his lips. “You must have loved him very much.” 
“I did.” She never thought she would get over the pain of knowing he’d betrayed her, but each passing month made it a little easier to accept. “I believed we were going to be together forever.” She looked up to find him scrutinizing her and she drew a deep breath before she admitted, “He wants me back.” 
“Don’t go back to him.” 
She tried to laugh off his quiet command, expecting him to join in her amusement, but when she read the sincerity in his eyes, she realized he wasn’t kidding. “Why should it matter to you whether I take him back?” 
He stared at his wine glass a long time before he said, “I don’t know. It just does.” 


Liam could barely control his temper when he thought about the man who’d captured her heart. He could see it in her eyes when she talked about him; she still had feelings for him, and that should have served as a red flag. “You deserve a man who’ll appreciate you. Your ex obviously didn’t or you would never have left him.” 
“He cheated on me,” she said quietly, before downing the rest of her wine. “With his ex-girlfriend. He broke my heart.” 
He wanted to comfort her, but he wouldn’t allow her to cry on his shoulder over a man who didn’t deserve her tears. “That says it all, doesn’t it?” He refilled her wine glass and watched her take another deep swallow. He knew he should dissuade her from drowning her sorrows in alcohol, but he wasn’t her keeper or her moral compass. He was just a man who was falling deeper in lust with her with every passing moment. 
“I guess it does.” 
“Have you let him back into your bed since he cheated on you?”
She raised her head, a scowl marring her beautiful face. “Of course not, but—” 
“But you’ve been tempted?” He should just walk away now, before he got in too deep. He could see she still had a long way to go before she was over her feelings for her ex, and he had never been, nor did he ever want to be the rebound man. 
“I’d built my life around this man for two years before he… betrayed me.” 
“You were too damn inexperienced to be thinking about forever. I’m sure it was for the best.” 
Alisa remained quiet while the waiter placed their appetizers in front of them and left the room. “Who are you to tell me what’s best for me? You don’t even know me.” 
He was getting a sense of who she was and what she needed, and it definitely wasn’t a philandering country singer with a wandering eye. “We both know I’m right. When you meet the right man, you’ll realize it wasn’t him.” 
Their eyes locked across the table and she asked, “How do you know?” 
“You’ll feel it when he touches you,” he whispered. “You’ll see it when he looks at you…” He tried to stop the words from spilling out, but his restraint was nowhere to be found when he needed it most. “You’ll know that he could never do to you what that bastard did because you’re the only one he wants, the only one he’ll ever need.” 
A tear slipped down her cheek as she closed her eyes. “How do I know I’ll ever find someone who feels that way about me?” 
You already have. “Trust me, you will.” 
They ate in silence for a few moments before he realized his opinion came at a price. “You’re angry with me?” 
“No, why would I be?” She reached for her wine glass and he noted the slight tremble as she brought the glass to her lips. “You were simply stating your opinion… even though I didn’t ask for it.”
“Do you want me to tell you everyone makes mistakes? That you should give him another chance? Because I won’t.” He was past the point of caring whether he offended her, so long as he prevented her from making a mistake she would live to regret. As far as he was concerned, a man stupid enough to cheat on a woman like Alisa didn’t deserve the benefit of the doubt. 
“You’ve never made a mistake?” 
The telltale sign of her whitening knuckles on the cut crystal glass told him he’d be wise to tread lightly, but he never backed down in the face of a challenge. “Of course, I’ve made mistakes, but I’m not a cheater or a liar.” 
She covered her mouth with one hand as she set her glass down with the other. “How can you say that? You tried to deceive me about who you are.” 
“No, I didn’t,” he said carefully. “You didn’t ask my last name, so I didn’t volunteer it, nor did I ask yours. I told you I was in the hospitality industry, which is true.” He took a moment to spear a piece of calamari. “And I don’t appreciate being lumped in the same category with a man who would slip a ring on your finger with the promise of making you his wife, only to cheat on you before you’d even taken your vows.” 
“Did I say you were anything like Nick?” 
Just the sound of his name got under Liam’s skin. “Given the fact your father’s so protective, I can’t imagine he was too happy with your lover’s little mistake.” 
“He wasn’t.” 
When he saw her take another sip of wine, he gestured to her plate. “You really should eat something. Drinking on an empty stomach is probably not the best idea.” Especially when he was so desperate to finish what they’d started in the limousine. 
Instead of taking his advice, she sat back and watched him as she took another sip of the expensive merlot. “You’re used to being in control, aren’t you? You ask someone to do something and you expect them to do it, no questions asked, am I right?” 
“Alisa, my company employs thousands of people worldwide. If I didn’t give people direction, what kind of CEO would I be?” 
“That extends to your personal relationships, as well?” Her tongue darted out to lick the wine residue from her lips. “You like women who follow your lead?” 
Against his better judgement, he refilled her wine glass and gestured to one of the two waiters hovering outside the door, waiting for him to beckon. “Another bottle, please.” 
“Right away, sir.” 
“Do I like women who follow my lead?” 
He watched her carefully, trying to read her expression. He could tell she was intrigued, perhaps aroused, but he knew he couldn’t act on it while she was under the influence, which frustrated him to no end. For once, he wished he were one of those men who seemed willing to take sex any way he could get it. Perhaps, if he wasn’t the father of a teen daughter who could very well be taken advantage of by an over-sexed boy while under the influence. 
“I haven’t given it much thought. I seem to be attracted to a certain type of woman, if that’s what you mean.” 
She propped her chin in her hand and looked at him. “Describe her, your ideal woman.” 
He was looking at her, but he couldn’t tell her that. “My ideal woman or the type of woman I usually date? There’s a difference.” 
One waiter returned to clear the plates while another opened a second bottle of wine and refilled their glasses. 
“Your fantasy woman.” She brought the glass to her lips again, and he was sorely tempted to take it away from her. 
“I don’t have time to waste fantasizing, Alisa.” 
She ran her fingers through her long blond hair as her tongue outlined her full lips. “Not even when you’re lying in your big bed all alone at night and you’re on the verge of falling asleep? Doesn’t an image of her ever enter your mind when you’re…” Her cheeks colored as she dipped her head. “You know…” 
Liam chuckled, caught off-guard by her candor. “I know who I’ll be imagining now.” He wasn’t trying to feed her ego; he was serious. The sight of her with all that long blond hair tumbling around her shoulders, her cheeks flushed, her blue eyes heavy… that’s the image he would take to bed with him tonight, and he suspected every night for a long time to come. 
She eased the pointed toe of her designer shoe up the inside of his thigh as he shifted in his seat. “You know exactly what to say, when to say it, don’t you? You’re always so composed, but I’d love to see you lose control.” 
He closed his eyes as he tried to curb his body’s reaction to her merciless teasing. “Sweetheart, this is a bad idea.” He slid his chair back, trying to put some distance between them, but she slid her shoe off and zeroed in on her intended target. 
“Oh, excuse me, sir,” Robert said, backing out of the room when he saw them. 
“You are a very naughty girl,” Liam said, pointing at her. He was more aroused than he could ever remember being, and the fact that she seemed totally unaffected by being caught in the act of trying to seduce him only turned him on more. Before he could consider the implications, he got up, crossed the room, and locked the double doors. “My staff doesn’t need to be in on this.” 
Alisa stood up and moved in behind his chair. “I agree.” She patted the gilded chair. “Take your jacket off and have a seat, Liam.” 
He didn’t hesitate to comply. Whatever she had in store for him, he was more than ready. Anything she wanted or needed… he was her man. 




Chapter Six

Alisa had never felt so free or uninhibited in her life. Knowing that they only had one night together made her want to make the most of it. Everything about this man turned her on, from the glint in his eyes when she toyed with him, to the tense set of his jaw when she angered him. She couldn’t wait to get her hands on him, to see him snap… lose control. 
She’d never engaged in a reckless one-night stand before and perhaps it was the fine wine helping to lower her inhibitions, or the promise of uninhibited sex with a wealthy, powerful stranger… She didn’t know or care. She just wanted this feeling to last forever. 
When she had him seated in the chair, she reached over to loosen his tie, blanketing his chest with her long hair. “I just want you to relax,” she whispered. “You helped to ease my tension in the car; I’d like to return the favor.” 
“Sweetheart, it would take a team of massage therapists at least a week to work the tension out of my body right now,” he said through gritted teeth. 
“No,” she murmured, licking a path from his neck to his ear. “It’ll only take one woman and a few mind-blowing orgasms to help you unwind.” She’d never been so brazen with a lover, and knowing the power this man usually wielded over people made her want to tame him even more. She worked the buttons running the length of his custom-made, monogrammed shirt and slid a hand inside the opening. 
He set his head back on the chair and closed his eyes. “God, Alisa, I want you…” 
“All in due time,” she whispered, pressing her lips to his ear as her hands began to caress his broad shoulders. It seemed a shame to hide a body like his under tailored business suits. “It’s never been like this for me…” 
He grabbed her wrist and swung her around, pulling her into his lap to straddle him. He slid her snug black dress up and began to slide his hands up and down her outer thighs. “And it never will be again. What we have is different. It’s…”—he buried his head in her neck and placed moist kisses along her collarbone—“bizarre.” 
That was the only word to describe the perplexing change in her, prompting her to do and say things she wouldn’t normally, especially with a man she hadn’t even known twenty-four hours ago. She plunged her hands into his hair and tilted his head back before kissing him with the passion of a woman who’d been waiting a lifetime to find the right lover. 
“Let’s take this upstairs, sweetheart,” he whispered between kisses. “I need you, now.”
“Letting the anticipation build is half the fun. We only have one night; let’s make the most of it.” She saw a dark flash of some raw emotion she couldn’t decipher in his eyes: anger, frustration… hurt? “Hey, what’s wrong?” she asked, smiling. “You’re not having second thoughts, are you?”
He smirked as he drew her in closer, enveloping her in his spicy scent and muscular arms. “I think that’s supposed to be my line.”
She wiggled in his lap as she giggled at the tortured expression on his handsome face. 
“You think this is funny?” He smacked her behind before lifting her off of him. “Two can play at this game, my love.” The endearment clearly slipped past his lips before he’d had time to censor it because when he realized what he said, he glided a finger down her cheek and looked into her eyes. “You would be an easy woman to love, Alisa.”
The last man who’d told her he loved her clearly didn’t, and she knew it would be a long time before she could trust someone else with her heart. “Tonight isn’t about sweet words or false promises. It’s about escaping the stress of our day-to-day lives for a while. Can we just leave it at that? Please?” 
His harsh expression gave her a glimpse into the merciless mogul who’d dominated boardrooms to build his fortune. “It can be anything you want it to be. I told you, this is your night.” He held her chair out for her before he crossed the room to unlock the door. 
She heard him utter a few soft words to one of the wait staff before he reclaimed the seat across from her. She saw the look of disapproval as he watched her refill her wine glass, but she hadn’t had a drop to drink in months, and since this night was about letting loose, she intended to do just that. “Is there a problem?”
He crossed his arms. “I don’t want you to have any regrets in the morning.”
“I won’t.” She couldn’t imagine a woman alive who would regret sharing a bed with Liam. 
“You never said what brings you to Vegas,” he said, setting the linen napkin in his lap. 
“I have a meeting with a handbag designer in the morning. If her designs are as impressive as her online portfolio, I’d like to feature her work in my boutique.” She could hear the slight slur to her words, but instead of reaching for her water, she lifted the wine glass. 
“Do you travel a lot for business?” 
“I have been lately, but now that I have the major suppliers in place, I imagine it will be much less moving forward. I’ll go to the major shows, of course, and occasional trips to visit the designers I’m featuring, but that won’t be more than a few times a year.” 
He’d obviously been visiting Nashville on business, and she knew he had a hotel there, but she didn’t want to make it awkward between them by asking when he was planning a return visit. “You must travel a lot for business. It can’t be easy, raising a daughter by yourself and traveling so much.” 
“It isn’t easy, but nothing worth having is ever easy, is it?” He smiled at her over the rim of his wine glass. “I love my business and I love my little girl, so I wouldn’t change a thing.” 
Her heart melted when he spoke of his daughter. Safeguarding her heart against the aloof CEO was easy, but when she stole a glimpse of him as a doting father, her imagination kicked into overdrive. She couldn’t help but fantasize about being the woman he showered with his undivided attention and affection. “Your daughter’s very lucky to have you in her life.” 
“I’m the lucky one.” He sipped his Merlot before he said, “I didn’t know what love was until she came into my life.” 
Alisa smiled. “My dad keeps telling me that I’ll know the meaning of unconditional love when I have a child of my own. When we argue because of some of the choices I’ve made, he tells me that one day I’ll understand how hard it is for him to stand back and watch while I make choices that he knows will inevitably cause me pain.” 
“Like getting engaged to a man who wasn’t worthy of you?” He smiled when he said it, but she knew he was serious. 
“My parents liked Nick at first. He and my father travel in the same circles. That’s how we met. My Uncle Luc…” She smiled. “He’s not really my uncle, but I call him that because he and my father have been best friends forever. Anyways, my Uncle Luc signed Nick to his label, Titan Records, and we met at a party Titan threw to welcome him to the label.” 
“How long ago was that?” 
“Four years.” 
Her mind drifted back to the day she met him. Nick had been a rising star who’d swept her off her feet with promises of how wonderful their life could be together. And it was, until the rumors started circulating about his life on the road. The people who loved her warned her that he wasn’t as devoted as he pretended to be, but it wasn’t until she walked in on him and his lover that she finally told him it was over. 
“I’m sorry things didn’t work out the way you hoped they would.” He reached across the table to take her hand. “It’s never easy to let go of a dream, but sometimes it’s for the best.” 
She looked up and read the sincerity in his eyes. “In this case, I know it was, but some days are harder than others. We ended it a year ago, but he’s determined to make it difficult for me. He still calls, sends texts and emails, drops by unannounced, sends flowers…” She sighed. “I just want it to be over.” 
“I’m surprised your father hasn’t told him to back off. I know if someone was hassling my daughter, I would.” 
“Believe me, he wanted to, but I told him I needed to handle Nick on my own.” 
Liam waited until the waiter placed their entrees in front of them before he said, “Maybe it would help if he believed you’d moved on with someone else.” He winked. “I’d be more than willing to be your decoy.”
She laughed. “Thanks for the offer, but I’ve already tried that. I went through a pretty crazy period after the break-up, drinking, partying, getting my picture in all the tabloids…” She reached for her utensils. “I wanted to send him a clear message that I’ve moved on, but Nick’s one of those guys who doesn’t believe in taking no for an answer.” 
“Maybe he just needs to hear it from someone other than you.” 
Alisa smiled at him. She had no doubt Liam was used to people complying when he issued orders, but so was Nick. It would be a battle to the death between these two hardheaded men. Not that it would ever come to that. Liam was just passing through her life, and Nick would undoubtedly be a problem long after she returned home. 
“Do you mind if we talk about something else?” She sliced the tender meat and forced herself to sample it. She wasn’t hungry, but she knew it would upset him if she continued to drink on an empty stomach. “Tell me about your business.” 
“I started it almost twenty years ago. My father was in the resort business, so I learned a lot from him. And when my grandfather left me a small inheritance, I saw it as an opportunity to take the knowledge I’d gained and put it to good use by branching out on my own. I’d just graduated from Yale…” He smiled. “I thought I was ready to take on the world. Needless to say, I was pretty naïve back then. A piece of paper from an Ivy League school doesn’t give you the tools you need to succeed in business. That comes with experience, making mistakes and learning from them.” 
“I’m surprised you didn’t take over your father’s business.” The food was delicious, and Alisa found herself quickly digging in with more enthusiasm. “Wouldn’t that have been easier than starting your own company from the ground up?”
“I’m not interested in the path of least resistance. Ever.” He smiled as his gaze drifted over her. “I love a challenge.” 
She returned his playful smile. “Good to know.” 
“My brother and I encouraged my mother to sell the company when my father passed away. The company was struggling, and we were at risk of a hostile takeover if we didn’t act quickly. Fortunately, she was able to unload it, and it gave her the financial security to live the rest of her life comfortably. She deserves that after what she had to endure. Not that I wouldn’t have been happy to take care of her. I owe her… a lot.” 
Alisa knew there was a story there, but she wasn’t sure if he felt comfortable sharing it with someone he’d just met. “If you want to talk about it…” 
He raised his head, as though he seemed to be considering her offer. “My father was a lying, cheating, moral-less shark who’d have sold his own mother down the river if it benefited him. I was embarrassed to share his last name.” 
Alisa knew her sharp intake of breath betrayed her surprise at his hostility, but he’d caught her off-guard. “I’m sorry.” 
He sneered. “It was ten years before people in the business world started to take me seriously, before they realized that I was nothing like my old man.” 
“That must have been difficult for you, having to pay for his sins.” 
“It made me stronger, and I’m grateful for that.” He reached for his wineglass. “People expected me to be a chip off the old block. Take a different woman to bed every night, treat people like dirt, destroy businesses and families without a second thought whenever it suited my purpose.” He downed half a glass of wine before he said, “My father taught me a hell of a lot about the man I didn’t want to be.”
“That’s why you don’t sleep around?” It was becoming clear to Alisa that there was so much more to him than she’d suspected. She’d judged him because of his accomplishments, instead of questioning how much it cost him to achieve success, just like people had done to her. 
“Yes, that and…” He closed his eyes for a moment before he said, “The incident with Abby’s mother. That’s when I realized that I could never have a normal relationship. Women stopped viewing me as a man when I made my first million. Now I’m just a walking ATM.” 
“You’re selling yourself short.” She could already see this man had more depth than any of the other guys she’d dated, but she knew she wouldn’t be able to alter his perceptions in just one night. “I’m confident there’s a woman out there who’ll love you in spite of your wealth, not because of it.”
“You don’t know how much I want to believe that,” he said quietly. He bowed his head, as though he was afraid of revealing his vulnerability if he looked her in the eye. “I’m getting tired of being alone, but to tell the truth, I’ve pretty much given up hope of ever finding anyone.”
Alisa knew finding your soul mate wasn’t easy, but she’d just assumed a man like Liam would have his choice of potential candidates. “You’ve never been with anyone who made you think… maybe she’s the one?” 
He looked at her a long time before he said, “If you’d asked me that yesterday, I would have said no. Now… I don’t know.” 
She could barely breathe when he looked at her that way, as though she was the only person in the world who mattered. She didn’t know what was happening between them, but it was intense and terrifying and exhilarating, all at once. “Don’t say those things. Please.” She closed her eyes when she couldn’t stand to look at him anymore. This was too much. Tonight was supposed to be about having a good time, not falling for a man she may never be able to forget. 
He stood up and walked around to her side of the table. He dropped to one knee and eased her around to face him. “Please believe me when I tell you that I’m just saying what’s in my heart tonight, sweetheart. I’m not trying to wear down your defenses or coax you into bed. I never asked for this, I never expected this, but I’m not going to try and deny it’s happening, either.” 
“This is an impossible situation.” She shouldn’t feel the weight of remorse weighing so heavily on her when she thought about never seeing him again, but she did. She liked this man, a lot, and she believed, with time, it could evolve into more, but their time together was running out and they both knew that. “We live thousands of miles apart. I have my family and business in Nashville. You have your daughter and your business in San Francisco. Tonight is the only night we have, so why waste time pretending this could be more than it is?” 
“I’m not pretending.” He held her hand in his and bowed his head. “You think I don’t know this is crazy? I’m not supposed to feel this way about someone I just met. The thought of never seeing you again isn’t supposed to make me feel physically sick, but it does.” 
Someone cleared their throat in the doorway and Liam whispered a curse. “You can clear now, Robert. Thank you.” 
The waiter glanced at the food remaining on their plates as Liam stood up. “Was there a problem with the food, sir?” 
“No, everything was fine. My apologies to the chef.” 
Alisa was still reeling from everything he’d said to her when she reached for her wine glass again. How was she supposed to process the fact that she was falling for a man she’d just met and would never see again? 
“Robert, wait,” Liam said. 
The waiter turned toward him. “Yes, sir?” 
“I want a blackjack table and dealer in here.” 
“Of course, sir.” 
Alisa smiled up at him. “What’re you up to?” 
“Tonight wasn’t supposed to be like this.” He eased into his seat and tipped his head back. “I wanted to show you a good time. Instead, I’ve unloaded all my problems on you and made you feel sorry for me. The least I can do is try to salvage this night with a little fun.”
She loved that he was thinking of her, and she suspected that would always be the case with him. He’d put her first, and with that realization, she fell just a little deeper. “That’s so sweet, but…” She was surprised when she stood up, intent on reaching out to him, and swayed. “Oh, I guess I had a bit more than I thought.” 
He glanced at the second empty bottle of wine on the table and muttered a curse. “I’m sorry, I didn’t realize you’d had so much.”
“It’s not your job to take care of me. I’m a big girl. I can take care of myself.” 
Liam reached for her, pulling her into his arms. “Just for tonight, will you let me take care of you?”
She laid her head on his chest and smiled when she heard the steady beat of his heart under her ear. “Fine, but just for tonight.”


Liam wandered through the lobby while Alisa slipped out to use the restroom and two of his staff set up the blackjack table in their private dining room. He glanced into the window of the jewelry store and saw the ring, her ring. He had this crazy, impulsive urge to give her something to remind her of him and the one night they’d shared. 
“Excuse me,” he said to the neatly coiffed young woman behind the counter. He extended his hand. “I’m Liam Bryson.” He reached into the breast pocket of his suit and extracted an embossed business card. “My…” He faltered as he searched for a word to describe the woman who’d torn through his life. “Girlfriend was admiring that oval-shaped diamond ring in the window earlier. I’d like to get it for her.” He reached into his wallet and handed her his black American Express card. “I only have a few minutes.” 
“Of course, sir. I’ll get it ready for you right away. Would you like me to gift wrap it and have it delivered to your suite?” 
“No, I’ll take it now, thanks.” He glanced over his shoulder, praying Alisa wouldn’t pass by and catch him in the act. He knew she would never allow him to spoil her with such an extravagant gift, which is why he wanted to. Because she didn’t expect it, and it would put a smile on her beautiful face. And every time she looked at that ring from now on, she would think about him and… what they could have had, if things were different.
He cursed the fates for bringing her into his life only to take her away again tomorrow. 
The sales clerk polished the diamond and slipped it into a black velvet box, holding it out for his perusal. “It’s five carats, total weight, and the center stone is VVS clarity—”
“It’s lovely. But I really don’t have a lot of time.” He took the ring out of the box and slipped it into his pocket while she processed the sale. 
She passed him the handheld machine to complete the sale and smiled. “It was a pleasure meeting you, Mr. Bryson. Your girlfriend is a very lucky lady.” 
“Thank you.” He strode out of the store and back into the private dining room, breathing a sigh of relief when he confirmed Alisa hadn’t returned. 
The blackjack dealer, a uniformed man in his mid to late sixties, looked up at Liam, a genuine smile splitting his wrinkled face. “It’s a pleasure to finally meet you, Mr. Bryson.” He extended his hand. “I’ve heard so many good things about you, and I have to say, my time with your company has been the best of my career.” 
Liam glanced at the older man’s name badge as he accepted his hand. “Thanks, John, I’m glad to hear that.” 
“You waitin’ on a lady?” he asked, his soft green eyes crinkling at the corners. 
Liam nodded. “She shouldn’t be too much longer.” 
John chuckled. “Reminds me of that song, ‘Waitin on a Woman.’ You ever heard that one?” 
“Yeah, I think I have.” He caressed the ring in his pocket, trying to imagine Alisa’s reaction when he slipped it on her finger.
“Let me tell you,” he said, laying the cards out on the table. “Truer words were never spoken. I was married for thirty-nine years.” His eyes glazed over. “My Mary died of a heart attack just last year.” 
“I’m sorry to hear that,” Liam said quietly. 
“You ever been married?” John asked, looking up at him. 
“No.” 
“Best thing I ever did.” He smiled. “Sure, I was scared at first, but once we tied the knot, it made me wonder why the hell I ever had a doubt in my mind.” 
Liam smiled. “Did you two know each other very long before you got married?” 
“Just about two days.” 
Liam threw his head back and laughed. “Come on, seriously?” 
“Seriously.” He joined in Liam’s laughter and shook his head. “I was in Vegas for my older brother’s bachelor party, and she was home from college for the summer, working at the casino. We had one incredible weekend together, but she had to go back to school and I had to go back to work. We talked about tryin’ the long distance thing, but we both knew that would never work.” 
Liam sat down in the chair on the opposite side of the table as he tried to process the older man’s words of wisdom. “So you married her, just like that, huh?” 
“Sure did. Everybody thought we were crazy. Her parents, my parents, they were all mad as hell at first. They demanded we get an annulment, but we were determined to see it through. We loved each other, and we were gonna be together, no matter what anybody said. Our son Tommy was born right around the time we celebrated our first wedding anniversary, and two more after that.” He pulled a battered leather wallet out of his back pocket and, with trembling hands, offered Liam a wrinkled picture. 
Liam’s gut clenched when he looked at John’s beautiful family. He and his wife stood proudly in the middle of the large group, surrounded by children, grandchildren, and in-laws. He realized he wanted that for himself. He’d spent so many years building a business and raising his little girl that he nearly let his opportunity for love slip past. 
“You have a beautiful family, John,” Liam said, passing the photo back to him. “You’re a lucky man.” Though, it was difficult for Liam to imagine how the older man got through the day without his soul mate to share his life. 
“Don’t I know it.” He smiled as he slipped the photo back in his wallet. “I still miss her every damn day.” He wiped his eyes with a white handkerchief and sniffled. “I keep thinkin’ it’s gonna get easier, but it doesn’t. Some days I just wish the Lord would take me too, so we could be together again.” 
“You have a family who needs you,” Liam said, trying to fight back his own emotion. “You need to stay strong for them.” 
“It was easy to stay strong with Mary by my side. I felt like I could face anything. But now, it’s a struggle just to get out of bed most mornings.” He blew his nose. “I’m sorry, Mr. Bryson. I didn’t mean to unload all this on you. It’s just that some days are harder than others, ya know?” 
“Yeah, I do.” Liam watched the older man for a long time. “John, can I ask you a personal question?” 
He chuckled. “Sure, you know my whole life story now anyways. Not much more to tell.” 
“Did you know right away that Mary was the one?” 
“Sure did, hit me like a ton of bricks.” He shook his head. “First I thought I was just imaginin’ it, but when I realized I couldn’t let her go back to school without me, I knew it was the real deal.” 
“And you never once regretted that choice, huh?” 
“No, sir. But I know if I’d let her get away, I sure as hell would’ve regretted it.” 
In that moment, Liam knew without a doubt he’d never forgive himself if he let Alisa walk away without a fight. 




Chapter Seven
 
Alisa sat on the edge of a gilded bench outside of the ladies’ room and dialed her best friend’s number. She and Lena had been like sisters since the wayward girl came to live with them as a teen. If anybody could talk some sense into her, Lena could. 
“Hello?” 
Her voice was groggy with sleep, and Alisa felt guilty for waking her, but this couldn’t wait. “Is James there?” Lena’s fiancé spent more time at her apartment than his own these days, so it was a reasonable guess.
“No, he had some things to take care of at his place. What’s goin’ on?” 
“Um, I met someone, and I could use your advice.” She needed someone to tell her she couldn’t possibly be feeling what she thought she was. 
“Ohhh, this is gonna be good.” There was rustling in the background. “Okay, I’m awake now. Fill me in.” 
“His name’s Liam Bryson,” Alisa whispered, careful not to alert Liam’s staff that she was talking about their boss. “He owns Bryson’s… You know, that boutique hotel chain?” 
“Shut. Up.” 
Alisa couldn’t help but laugh. Her friend had always had a flair for dramatics. “Seriously. He was seated beside me on the plane, and we just started talking.” 
“Go on.” 
“Well, I came back to his hotel with him, and we’re having dinner now.” She drew a deep breath. “I like him… a lot. I mean, a lot, a lot.” 
“Define a lot.” 
Alisa laughed as butterflies flitted around in her belly. “I wish I could. This connection we have is so… intense. That’s the only way I can think of to describe it. I mean, I’ve never felt this way about anybody.” 
There was a long pause before Lena asked, “Not even Nick?” 
“Not even Nick.” 
“Oh my God. So, what’re you gonna do? You gonna sleep with him?” 
Alisa winced at her friend’s candor, not that she was surprised. “I don’t know. I want to, but… that may make it even harder to walk away tomorrow, ya know? This was just supposed to be a fun little fling, to get my mind off of work for a while, but it’s turning into so much more than that.” She held her hair back from her face. “And I don’t know what the hell to do about it.” 
“Where does he live?” 
“San Fran.” 
“Damn.” 
“I know. Not only that, but he has a daughter. And he’s older, a lot older.” 
Lena laughed. “Your dad’s gonna bust an artery when he hears about this.” 
“I know, that’s part of the problem.” 
“Oh. My. God!” Lena shrieked. 
“What? What is it?” 
“I just Googled your hotel tycoon.” 
Alisa’s stomach fell. She should have known he was too good to be true. “What’d you find out about him? Is he married? Gone down for tax evasion? Kids in every state?”
Lena laughed. “And you say I over-dramatize?” 
“Would you just tell me already? I need to know whether I’m going back in there or hailing a cab, so I can get the hell out of here.” 
“He’s freakin’ gorgeous, girl!” 
“That’s it?” Alisa’s heartbeat finally started to return to normal. “That’s what you’re freaking out about, the fact that he’s good-looking? Jesus, you almost gave me a heart attack.” 
“Sorry, but good-looking… to describe this guy? Come on, Ali. Did you forget your glasses again?” 
“Shut up. Okay, you’re supposed to be my friend. Tell me what I should do.”
“Isn’t it obvious?” 
“No! If it was, I wouldn’t be calling you, would I?” 
“Honey, if you let this guy get away, you’re crazy.” There was a moment of silence before her friend said, “Listen, just by scanning this stuff about him online, he’s the real deal. He donates a fortune to charity. Oh, and look, there he is with his daughter at some father/daughter thing. Awww, that’s so sweet.” 
“Would you stop? I already know he’s incredible. I called you because I wanted you to tell me I’m acting crazy, falling for a guy I just met.” 
“Honey, I can’t say that I’ve ever experienced it, but enough people have claimed to have fallen in love at first sight. So I guess it can happen.” 
“Stop! I didn’t say I’m in love with the guy. That would be crazy.” 
“Who says?” 
My father, for one. “It just is.” 
“Who the hell cares what anybody else thinks? You deserve to be happy, and it’s been a long, long time since I’ve seen you happy. Hell, even with Nick you were guarded ’cause you didn’t think you could trust him.” Lena sighed. “Speaking of that dirt bag, I guess I should tell you he dropped by the store looking for you today.” 
Lena was the manager of Alisa’s store and, according to her, her self-appointed bodyguard. “Oh hell no. What did he want?” 
“He brought a couple dozen roses. He said today would have been the anniversary of the day you started dating.” 
Alisa glanced at the date on the diamond-studded watch her parents had given her as an engagement gift. Just because the relationship hadn’t lasted didn’t mean she didn’t still love the watch. Even if it did serve as a bitter reminder that she’d trusted the wrong man. “Oh God, he’s right.” He found new ways to torture her every day, as if his lying and cheating hadn’t been enough. 
“I threw his flowers in the trash and told him to go to hell.” 
Alisa smiled through her tears. “I love you.” 
“I’ve always got your back, you know that.” 
A dark shadow fell over her, and Alisa looked up to find Liam towering over her. “Um, I’ve gotta go. I’ll talk to you tomorrow, okay?” 
“You better, and just remember what I said. You deserve to be happy. If this guy can make you happy, I say go for it.” 
“I’ll keep that in mind.” She disconnected the call as Liam sat down on the bench beside her. “I’m sorry I took so long.” 
“I was worried you weren’t feeling well. You had quite a bit to drink.” He settled his arm around her and drew her close. “You seem upset. Is everything okay?” 
“Nick stopped by the store with flowers.” She felt his arm tighten around her waist. “Today would have been our anniversary.” 
“Great,” he muttered. 
She looked up at him. “I’m sorry, we only have this one night together, and I keep talking about my ex. That’s not fair to you.” 
“I wish you’d stop saying that,” he said, brushing away the tear sliding down her cheek. “Why can’t we have more? Hell, I have a private jet. I can fly anywhere I want, whenever I want, including Nashville.” 
She laid her head on his shoulder. “Yeah, and you also have a daughter to raise and a company to run. As it is, you probably don’t have enough hours in the day. How do you propose fitting a long-distance relationship into the mix?” When he didn’t respond right away, she knew she’d made her point, but it still hurt. She didn’t want it to be impossible. She wanted to explore this thing between them more than she wanted anything in a long, long time. 
“So, you gonna go home and get back together with that son of a bitch?” 
“No, it’s over. We’re over.” 
“It better be.” His hand glided up and down her bare back. “I’m gonna be keeping my eye on what’s going on in his camp now, and if I hear so much as a whisper about you taking him back, I’m gonna fly to Nashville and beat the hell out of him.” 
Alisa smiled. “My hero.” 
“Hey.” He slid a finger under her chin, coaxing her to look at him. “You deserve so much better than him, sweetheart. Promise me you won’t settle for anything less than you deserve.” 
“I promise.” 
 

Knowing that her lying, cheating ex still had the power to hurt her this way ate Liam up inside. He wanted to believe that this Nick guy wouldn’t be able to wear her down with charm and false promises, but he knew there were no guarantees. The ring he’d bought for her was burning a hole in his pocket, and he thought about John’s story. 
Without thinking about the ramifications, where they were, or who might be watching the scene unfold, he dropped to one knee and pulled the ring out of his pocket. “Alisa, I’ve been a lot places and met a lot of people, but no one has made me feel this way.” 
The color drained from her face when he held up the ring she’d admired. “Oh my God, what are you doing?” 
“Following my heart… maybe for first time. I’ve always been so guarded, because I never wanted to risk getting hurt, but, baby, I’m giving you that power, right here, right now. You can make me the happiest man alive, or you can destroy me. What’s it gonna be?” 
She covered her face with her hands. “This can’t be happening. You can’t be serious.” 
“We go our separate ways and chances are, we’ll never see each other again. Is that what you want?” He knew he was over-selling when he should have sat back and let her make her own decision, but he’d never been one to rest on his laurels and there had never been so much riding on one little word. He knew if he lost her now, he’d be crushed. 
“No, of course not, but my father… my family. If I came home engaged to a complete stranger, what would they say?” 
He knew Trey Turner would talk her out of marrying him inside an hour. He couldn’t let that happen. “If it was a done deal by the time you got home, there’s not a damn thing your dad or anyone else could do about it.” 
Her mouth fell open before she whispered, “What are you…?”
“Marry me right now, here, tonight.” 
“You’re insane.” 
“Maybe, but I know what I want. You. As my wife.” 
“How can you possibly know that? You don’t even know me.” 
“I know what my heart’s telling me, and I think you do too. If you’re willing to be honest with yourself?” 
She looked from him to the ring and back again. “I don’t know what to say.” 
“Say yes. Not because I want you to, but because you want to. Don’t think about what anyone else will say or think, just do what’s right for you.” He took a deep breath. “Even if that means walking away from me right now, Alisa. I’m willing to let you go, knowing that I did everything I could, if that’s what you want.” His eyes fell to her hand. “Either way, it has to be your call.” 
She raised her left hand. “Shall we see if it fits?” 
His heart wouldn’t allow him to believe she was saying yes until he heard it with his own ears. His hand trembled as she slid the ring into place. “Is that a yes?” 
“Yes,” she whispered. 
He breathed a sigh of relief as his chin fell to his chest. “Let me make the arrangements. It shouldn’t take long. We routinely do weddings on-site at this hotel.” 
She grabbed his hand when he would have sprinted down the hall. “Liam, this is crazy. We’re not really gonna do this, are we?” 
Damn. He’d almost let himself believe having everything he’d ever wanted was possible. His business, his daughter, and an amazing woman to share his bed and his life. “We’re not gonna do anything you don’t wanna do. If you need more time, I’ll wait.” He knew if he let her return to Nashville without his ring on her finger, the chances of him seeing her again were slim. She had an ex who wanted her back, an overprotective father who would lose his mind if he found out she was seeing a much older man with a teenage daughter, and a business to run. He would have no place in her life, but if he were her husband, it wouldn’t be so easy to walk away. 
He hated feeling desperate and uncertain. It was so unlike him. Maybe it was knowing his brother was in his vacation home with the love of his life, or knowing that John, the blackjack dealer, would give anything for one more day with his soul mate. Whatever it was, he didn’t want to be alone for one more day, and he couldn’t risk letting the woman of his dreams walk out on him. “So, are we doing this or not, sweetheart?” 
“Okay, let’s do it.” 


Alisa wandered around the crowded hotel, trying to make sense of what was happening. Had she really just agreed to marry a man she’d just met? Was she losing her mind? 
She wandered into the casino and sat down at the blackjack table. “Hi,” she said to the gray-haired man behind the table. 
He tipped his head to look at her. “Hey, you’re the lady I saw coming out of the private dining room, aren’t you? Mr. Bryson’s girlfriend?” 
She held her left hand up and smiled, deciding to try the word on for size. “It looks like I’m his fiancée now, soon to be his wife.” 
The man, whose nametag read John, chuckled as he laid the cards out in front of her. “Well, don’t that just beat all? I guess my story about my Mary made him stop and think.” 
Alisa caught the attention of a passing waiter. “Tequila.” She took a second to think about what lay ahead. “Better make it a double.” She turned her attention back to John and smiled. “Sorry about that. You were telling me about Mary?” 
His eyes filled with tears as he looked down at the narrow band of gold making an indent on his left ring finger. “We met right here in Las Vegas almost forty years ago. Met her one day; made her my wife the next.” 
Alisa’s mouth fell open. “And you told Liam this story earlier?” 
“Sure did.” He smiled. “I was settin’ up the table for you two when I got a call tellin’ me y’all had changed your mind about playin’ blackjack tonight. Yet here you are, without him. You wanna talk about it? I’m a pretty good listener.” 
The waiter appeared with her drink and she proceeded to take the salt and lime before downing the shot. She winced. “One more, please.” 
“Yes, ma’am.” 
John raised a bushy gray eyebrow. “You sure that’s such a good idea? I don’t think Mr. Bryson would like it too good.” 
“You just let me worry about Liam. I’ll handle him.” She wasn’t certain anyone had ever handled Liam before, but she was willing to give it a shot if he chose to give her grief about having a few drinks before her wedding. God, just thinking about it made her break out in a cold sweat. What the hell was she thinking? Oh yeah, she was thinking he was the sweetest, sexiest, most successful man she’d met in ages. He loved his daughter, spoke highly of his mother, donated millions to charity, didn’t sleep around… He was perfect, and she’d have to be crazy to let him go. 
“So, you and Mary really made it work, huh? Even though you barely knew each other when you got married?” 
“Oh, I knew all I needed to know. I knew she was the one.” 
Alisa placed her bet and picked up two cards. “Hit me.” She propped her chin in her hands as she watched him deal another card. “Do you really believe you can know that quickly? I mean, I believe in lust at first sight, I experienced that today, but love? Is that even possible?” 
He chuckled. “It must be, ’cause that’s the way it was for me and Mary.” 
The waiter returned and Alisa proceeded to down her second shot. She cursed when her stomach started churning. Liam was right; alcohol on a nearly empty stomach was a bad idea. “You still love her as much today as you did back then?” 
His eyes filled with tears as he looked at the cards laying facedown in front of them. “I did what I promised I would on the day we said ‘I do’… loved her ’til her dyin’ day. Just wish it had been the other way around, ’cause I sure do miss her somethin’ fierce.” 
Alisa covered his cold, arthritic hand with her own as tears blurred her vision. “I’m so sorry. I had no idea you’d lost her.” 
Liam came up behind her. “There you are. I’ve been looking everywhere for you.” He glanced at the dealer. “Hey, John.” 
“I was just keepin’ your young lady here company, Mr. Bryson.” He winked. “I can see why you wouldn’t want to let her get away. She’s a real keeper, just like my Mary.” 
Liam smiled down at her, pressing a chaste kiss to her lips. “I think so, too.” 
The waiter who’d been serving her returned. “Another double tequila, ma’am?” 
Liam all but growled. “You’ve been serving her double shots of tequila?” 
“Liam,” she said, grasping his arm. “It’s not his fault. I ordered them.” 
He turned his fury on her. “What the hell were you thinking? You had the liqueur upstairs, the wine at dinner, you barely touched your meal…” He held his hand up. “You know what, Alisa? Maybe this was a bad idea. If you have to get drunk to marry me, I’m not the right guy for you after all.” 
Alisa watched, dumbfounded, as he walked away. If she hadn’t believed in love at first sight before, she did now. 
“Ma’am,” John said, flipping the card over, “you win, congratulations.”
If that was true, why did she feel like she’d just lost… the best thing that ever happened to her? 




Chapter Eight
 
Alisa was the one who’d had too much to drink, yet Liam was the one who felt sick. He’d put himself out there, for once, and he’d been shot down. In front of dozens of his employees, no less. He stalked past the private dining room he’d hastily arranged for the wedding that was never going to happen and punched the button on the elevator repeatedly as he cursed his stupidity. 
“Liam, wait.” 
He wanted to pretend he hadn’t heard her, but he couldn’t. 
She stopped in front of the dining room and her mouth fell open. 
He’d had huge floral bouquets delivered and the table was set with their finest bottle of champagne, two glasses, and a decorative white cake. 
“You did all of this for me?” 
“No, I did it for us. But I guess I was just fooling myself, wasn’t I?” He glanced at her left hand. She was still wearing the ring. He wondered if she would continue wearing it when she returned home, and if so, would she think of him when she looked at it? 
“I’m sorry.” She pressed a hand to her stomach. “I did have too much to drink. I guess it’s kind of a coping mechanism…. My father was right about that.” 
The elevator doors opened and she rushed forward to reach for his hand before he stepped on. “Can we talk for a minute?” 
He had nothing left to lose. “Sure, why not?” 
She led him into the dining room and sat down in the chair she’d occupied earlier while he remained standing. “What I feel for you scares me,” she whispered. “I thought I was in love with Nick, but I can see now that I wasn’t. Maybe what I’m feeling for you isn’t real, either?” 
“Nothing like kicking a guy when he’s down,” he muttered, sticking his hands in his pockets, as he began to pace the room. 
“I’m sorry. I don’t want to hurt you; I’m just scared. After what happened with Nick, I don’t know if I can trust my own judgement anymore.” 
Liam was getting sick and tired of hearing that guy’s name, especially now that he knew he was the one thing standing between him and the woman he wanted to make his wife. “I can’t make this decision for you, Alisa. Either you want me or you don’t. It’s as simple as that.” 
“I do want you.” 
The concierge appeared at the doorway with a document in his hand. “Sir, if your bride would sign this, the officiant is on his way down to marry you.” 
Liam raised an eyebrow at Alisa. “Looks like this is the moment of truth. What’s it gonna be?” 
Alisa beckoned to the man standing in the doorway. “I’ll sign that if you have a pen.” 
“Of course, ma’am.” He walked toward her, pen in hand. “If you could just fill out the remaining information and provide us with a piece of identification.” 
Alisa reached into her handbag and produced her driver’s license as she scribbled her signature on the piece of paper Liam had signed earlier. 
His gut was telling him to put an end to this now, before it went any further, but his heart was telling him to make her his before she changed her mind. 
The middle-aged man turned his attention to Liam. “Sir, is there someone specific you’d like have as your witness?”
“The gentleman who was here earlier. John.” 
“Of course, I’ll call for him right away.” He smiled. “Congratulations to both of you. I wish you the best of luck.” 
Liam had a feeling they would need it. How was he going to explain to his daughter that she had a new stepmother she’d never met, or make his brother and mother understand why he’d felt compelled to marry a stranger without benefit of a prenuptial agreement? 
Alisa looked up at him, her smile slipping. “Uh-oh, looks like I’m not the only one having a hard time believing we’re actually doing this.” 
He wanted to reassure her, but the words wouldn’t come until John walked into the room and smiled at them both. Liam offered Alisa his hand and pulled her into his arms. “I’ve never been more sure of anything in my life.” 
She laid her hand over his heart. “I’m glad to hear you say that. I was afraid I might be the one left at the altar.” She rested her head against his chest and he brushed her hair away from her face. 
Liam thought of the drinks she’d had earlier. “Are you sure you’re okay to do this?” 
“I have a surprisingly high tolerance for alcohol.” She tipped her head back to look at him. “I must get that from my daddy.” 
Liam winced at the mention of her father. Trey Turner would be out for blood when he heard about this. Rightfully so. He’d just have to tell his future father-in-law what he already knew to be true. He loved his daughter, and he wanted to spend the rest of his life making her happy. 
“I wish you both the best of luck,” John said, coming forward to extend his hand to the bride and groom. 
Alisa laughed nervously. “Thanks, I’m gonna need it when my father hears about this.” 
John chuckled. “No one could have been angrier than my father-in-law when he found out about what me and his little girl had done. But we stayed strong, just like you and Mr. Bryson will, I’m sure.” 
Liam faced adversaries in business every day, he was used to standing his ground, but he didn’t want his impulsive decision to impact Alisa’s relationship with her family. That wasn’t fair to her. “Honey, maybe we need to think about this, talk to your family first.” 
Before she could respond, a white-haired gentleman entered the room. “Well, this is a nice surprise.” He extended his hand to Liam. “Mr. Bryson, it’s a pleasure to finally meet you.”
The ramifications of his decision began to hit Liam as he reached for the other man’s hand. He was marrying a woman he barely knew, risking half of the fortune it had taken him a lifetime to build. His employees were probably posting about his impending nuptials online right now, and before long, his little girl, along with the rest of the world, would know before he had a chance to tell her himself.
“Thank you…” He faltered, something he rarely did. “I hope we didn’t wake you.” 
“No, just settling in for the night. If you’re ready, we can begin?” 
Liam glanced at Alisa. She looked as nervous as he felt. “Um, I guess we are?”
She nodded as she moved slowly to stand in front of the fireplace. “Ready when you are.” 
He leaned in to whisper in her ear. “We don’t have to do this, sweetheart. If you’re having any doubts, now would be the time to say so.” 
“You were right when you said sometimes you just need to follow your heart. That’s what I’m willing to do, for once. If this is a mistake, we’ll figure it out soon enough.” 
Liam felt sick when he realized her mistake may cost her pride, but his could cost him a few hundred million dollars. But he was in too deep to back out now. “We’re ready to begin,” he said quietly. 
He held Alisa’s hands and stared into her eyes, but the reverend’s words filtered in and out of his consciousness as he tried to figure out what made him think this was good idea. He should have let her go back to Nashville. By Monday morning, he would have been back in his office, putting out fires, closing deals, and… thinking about her. That’s why he did this, because he knew the memory of her would haunt him if he didn’t find a way to pursue this relationship. This may be the most extreme option, but it was the only way he could think of to ensure she gave this a chance, to figure out whether their feelings were real.
“Do you, Liam Bryson, take Alisa Turner to be your lawfully wedded wife…” 
Liam closed his eyes. He never thought he’d hear those words, never expected to love someone enough to promise to love and care for them for the rest of their days. To put her first, above all else. Could he really do this? 
“Until death do you part?” 
“I do.” He was surprised by the conviction in his voice. The casual observer would think he’d had years to plan and prepare for this moment, instead of hours. 
He waited, holding his breath, half-expecting Alisa to bail on him at the last moment, but when she quietly uttered those two magic words, a peace settled over him. They were really doing this. She was really taking this crazy leap of faith with him. 
When the reverend asked for the rings, Liam produced the platinum and diamond bands he’d selected from the same jewelry store where he’d bought Alisa’s engagement ring. 
She slid the heavy platinum band on his left hand and looked up at him. She smiled, a breathtaking smile that eased the tightness in his chest and reassured him that everything was going to be fine, as long as they stayed true to each other. 
“You may kiss your bride.” 
He framed her face with his hands as his lips descended on hers. He felt the same familiar lick of fire she’d ignited earlier, and the only thought running through his mind was how long it would take for him to get her upstairs. 
When they finally broke apart, the room was eerily empty and quiet. “Do you want a glass of champagne?” 
She pressed her hand to her stomach. “I better not. I think I’ve had enough as it is.” 
He looked at her closely. Her eyes were glazed, he assumed from the kiss they’d shared, but he wondered with sickening dread whether the alcohol was a factor in her decision to marry him tonight. Would she hate him in the morning for taking advantage of her inebriated state to coerce her into making a commitment for which she wasn’t ready?
“Are you feeling okay, sweetheart? Do you need to sit down?” 
She looped her arms around his neck and pressed her body against his. “No, I need to lie down… with you.” 
He heard the slight slur to her words and it hit him like a fist to the gut. Why hadn’t he heard it earlier? Had he been too caught up in his own uncertainty to question her state of mind? “Let’s get you upstairs.” He led her to the bank of elevators, a steadying arm around her waist. She was wearing sky-high heels and he wanted to attribute the slight wobble in her step to her shoes, but he feared there might be more to it than that. 
As soon as they entered his suite, she kicked her shoes off and reached for the zipper running down the length of her tight, black, strapless dress. “This is what I’ve been waiting for.” 
If she woke him in the morning, regretting her decision, it would be easier to annul the marriage if they hadn’t consummated it. He should wait until she was stone-cold sober before taking her to bed, but as she peeled her dress off and stepped out of it to reveal a silky, red strapless bra and matching thong, he couldn’t help but reach for her. 
“You are so beautiful,” he whispered.
“I want you to make love to me.”
“Alisa, sweetheart…” 
“Please, don’t say no. I need you.” 
Liam cursed himself for being so weak when he picked her up and carried her over to the bed. He stood back to admire her as he took his suit off. “I never thought it would happen for me, especially not this quickly… I didn’t even think it was possible…” He knew he wasn’t making any sense, but none of this made sense. Would he feel the same way with thousands of miles between them or was it the intensity of her scent wrapping around him, her curves filling his hands that made him believe he was in love with this woman? He knew only time would tell the story. 
“The second I saw you,” she said, lifting her hair so it fanned out around her head, “I knew you were different. The way you made me feel…” She braced her foot on his bare chest. “It was so… intense.” 
Liam reached into the pocket of his pants to retrieve the protection he’d stowed there earlier and caught sight of the heavy band decorating his hand. It fit perfectly, as did hers, as though they’d been made for them. He never thought he’d be the type of man to wear a wedding ring, if his day ever came, but he knew he’d never take it off. Unless… No, he wouldn’t allow himself to go there tonight. Morning would come soon enough, and it would shed light on their decision. Tonight he wanted to live in this cocoon, where anything was possible and meddling families weren’t a factor. 
He braced his body over hers and trailed his tongue over the sweet crevices that made her arch into his touch. He loved how responsive she was, how she reached for him when he would have given her space. His mouth traveled over her body, from the dip in her collarbone to the flaming bud of arousal beckoning to him between her silky legs. 
He loved her with his mouth, giving everything he had to give, stroking her with his tongue until she reached heights she’d never seen before. 
“Liam…” 
His name was a sob and a plea on her lips as he allowed her to slowly descend the peak and regain her equilibrium. Her legs were still trembling from the force of her release as he sheathed himself and positioned his body above hers. He smiled at her. “You okay, sweetheart?” 
She covered her eyes with one hand and laughed. Her chest was still rising and falling with each breath she forced into her lungs. “I don’t know.” 
He leaned in to kiss her slowly, worshipping her mouth as he sought to show her without words that he would always put her needs above his own. “Take as much time as you need, angel. I’m not going anywhere.” 
She threaded her hands through his hair. “I want you. Now.” 
Those were the most gratifying words he’d ever heard as he slowly, gently, claimed her body. He closed his eyes, trying to resist his body’s compelling urge to dictate the pace of their lovemaking. He wanted to savor every second of this, to make it last forever.
“Look at me,” she whispered. “Since the first second I saw you, I imagined what this would be like. To see you held hostage by your desire for me. Don’t hold back. Please, I need to see that side of you. Just let go.” 
Her softly spoken words gave him the freedom to ease the ache that had plagued him since the airplane. As he thrust into her, harder, faster, deeper, the only thought on his mind was, God, this woman was made for me. She’s the one. The woman I’ve been waiting my whole life for. 
“Yes…” she whispered, tightening her grasp on him. “Oh God, yes…” She tipped her head as she pierced his back with her nails. “Don’t stop.” 
As he felt her throbbing around him, he knew he never wanted to stop. He never wanted this feeling of wild abandon to end. When he was in bed with her, he wasn’t a single dad or a hotel tycoon or some woman’s meal ticket. He was Alisa’s husband, her lover, and that’s who he wanted to be every day from now on… her husband. 
The force of his release moved through him, claiming all rational thought about who he was or where they were going. The only thing that mattered was here, now, and giving her everything he had to give. 
He rolled off of her and pulled her into his arms. “You’re incredible.” 
She giggled. “I think that’s supposed to be my line.” 
He wanted to tell her he loved her, the words were right there, on the tip of his tongue, but the soft cadence of her breathing told him she was starting to drift off. He waited a few minutes before he eased his body out from under her and made his way to the bathroom. 
After he disposed of the condom, he leaned over the sink. He didn’t know what he expected to see in the face staring back at him… fear… concern… uncertainty? But the grin he couldn’t wipe off his face told him everything he needed to know; he’d made the best decision of his life tonight. 




Chapter Nine 

Alisa moaned as she pulled the pillow over her head. A headache was too mild to describe the relentless pounding in her head, making her neck and eyes ache. Everything hurt. Well, not everything. Some parts of her anatomy hummed, and it didn’t take long to figure out why when she felt the gentle pressure of his arousal against her back. 
Oh God. What had she done? She glanced at her left hand, praying it was all a bad dream, but the boulder weighing down her ring finger told her she’d really been stupid enough to marry a man she just met. 
“Mmmmm.” He moaned softly in her ear, pulling her closer, if that was humanly possible. “I could get used to this… waking up with you in my arms.” 
Alisa squeezed her eyes shut. How was she going to tell him she wanted out? Out of this marriage, out of his hotel, out of this state… Hell, maybe she’d just go into hiding, so her new husband, overprotective father, and delusional ex-fiancé would have no choice but to leave her alone. 
“You hungry?” 
Uh, just the thought of food made her want to throw up. “No, but I’d kill for an aspirin.” 
He chuckled. “I can’t say I’m surprised.” 
So he knew she’d had half a dozen too many and he still thought she was able to make sound decisions that would potentially affect the rest of her life? Men. They really were clueless at times. 
“I think I have some in the bathroom. Let me check.” 
She peeked her head out from under the covers and watched him walk across the room. She couldn’t suppress the tiny sigh that escaped her lips. Lena was right; the man was gorgeous. Yet he’d waited forty-four years to get married, in spite of the fact he had a child with another woman. There must be something wrong with him, something he’d kept hidden from her last night. 
He was probably abrasive, cold, domineering, a workaholic, messy… but when he treated her to that slow, sexy grin, she realized she could forgive almost any sin… almost. At least he had the decency to return from the bathroom wearing a robe. It made him marginally more resistible. 
“What time is it?” she whispered, taking the two pills and bottle of water he handed her. 
He glanced at his watch. “Seven thirty.” 
“Oh God, I have a meeting with that designer in an hour and a half. I have to pull myself together.” 
“Maybe she could meet you here? At least that would buy you a little more time.” He opened the leather-bound room service menu and glanced at the offerings. “You’re welcome to use one of the conference rooms.” 
“Thanks, but my flight’s scheduled to leave right after our meeting, and her studio is only ten minutes from the airport.” 
He tossed the menu on a nearby table and turned his attention to her. “You’re not seriously thinking about leaving this morning, are you? We need to talk, Alisa. To figure out where we go from here.” 
She knew where she was going… home to contact her lawyer. But how was she going to tell him that without offending him, especially when her brain wasn’t firing on all cylinders? She rubbed her eyes with the heels of her palms and prayed the pain reliever would take effect soon so she could get her butt in gear and make that meeting on time and, more importantly, make her flight. 
“I’ve got a lot going on with the store right now, Liam. Shipments are coming in. Displays are being set up. The merchandiser is going to be there later to go over the layout. I have someone coming to dress the windows. Not to mention the launch party I have planned for next weekend. The party planner needs to meet me to go over the details later today so we can finalize the menu.” She sighed at his look of disappointment. Apparently, even wealthy hotel tycoons reserved the right to act like spoiled little boys when they didn’t get their own way. 
“I understand you’re busy; so am I. But don’t you think our marriage has to take precedence right now? No doubt it’s been all over the news and Internet by now. The press will want a statement.” 
She covered her face with her hands. Her parents. Oh God, what was her father going to say when he heard about her impromptu wedding to a gazillionaire twenty years her senior? A man with a teenage daughter, for the love of God. “What if my father pulls my funding because of this? I have suppliers and contractors who need to get paid. What am I going to do?” 
Liam smiled as he sat down on the edge of the bed and slid his hand up and down her bare leg. “Relax, sweetheart, money’s the least of your worries. I’d be happy to fund your project.” 
Alisa pulled the sheet up, trying to maintain some sense of modesty, which she knew was ridiculous under the circumstances. “It’s not a project,” she said through gritted teeth. “It’s a business. And I don’t need your money. Even if my father disowns me, my grandparents won’t. They know how much this business means to me.” 
His grip on her leg tightened and she could tell he was trying to maintain his composure. “I’m your husband now, Alisa. Whatever you need, I’ll provide.” 
Oh, so it was going to be like that, was it? “I don’t have time to talk about this. I need to take a shower so I can make that meeting.” 
“Fine, I’ll come back to Nashville with you. I was supposed to stay on here for a few days, but—” 
“Liam, last night was a mistake, a huge mistake.” She winced when she realized her hasty words had hurt him. “I’m sorry, I thought I was thinking clearly last night, but obviously I wasn’t. It was crazy to think this could work. It goes without saying that I’m attracted to you, but what happened last night never should have happened.” 
“You mean you shouldn’t have married me, or you shouldn’t have slept with me?” 
“Neither.” She dropped her head and thrust her hand through her tangled mass of hair. “I’m sorry if that’s not what you want to hear, but that’s how I feel.” She thought about last night. She hadn’t been so far gone that she forgot how she felt or what she thought when she made the decision to accept his proposal, but without benefit of alcohol to make her believe the impossible was possible, she knew there was no way this man could be the one, could he? 
He turned to look out the window at the impressive view of the skyline as he asked, “So, where do you suggest we go from here?” 
“I’ll contact my lawyer when I get home. I’ll have the papers to you by the end of the week. I don’t want anything from you; please don’t worry about that. We’ll just tell everyone that we had a few too many drinks. We weren’t thinking clearly…” 
“No one who knows me will believe that. I don’t overindulge in alcohol, ever.” He shoved his hand into the pockets of his terry robe. “My old man was a drunk. I swore I wouldn’t make the mistake of letting the booze get the best of me as well. That’s why his business was failing. It’s what ultimately killed him.” He looked her in the eye. “I won’t lie about what happened or how I feel about you. If anyone asks, I intend to tell them the truth. I married you because I wanted to, and I don’t have any regrets about my decision. None.” 
The sincerity behind his words made her question everything. Was it possible that what she thought she felt for him last night was real? “I need to get out of here. I think we both need a little time and space to think this through.” 
“I think you’re right. That’s why I have no intention of signing your divorce papers until you’ve given us a reasonable amount of time to try and make this work.” 
She gaped at him. “You can’t be serious.” 
It never occurred to her that he would try and keep her in this marriage against her will. Could he even do that? She didn’t know enough about matrimonial law to know whether he had grounds to contest the divorce or annulment or whatever it would be, but given his wealth and power, she had no doubt he had a dozen legal sharks on retainer who would be more than happy to keep this tied up in the courts just long enough to make her life miserable. 
“I wouldn’t joke about something like this. So, here’s the deal. You give me one year, and if at the end of that time, you’re not happy with me, I give you ten million and we agree to walk away.” 
She closed her eyes, hoping when she opened them, he would be gone. No such luck. “I told you before, I don’t want your money, and I’m not going to sacrifice a year of my life over one stupid mistake.” 
He let his hands fall to his sides as he clenched his fists. “I wish you’d stop referring to last night as a mistake. You know that’s not how I feel about it.” 
She jumped out of bed, taking the six-hundred-thread-count Egyptian cotton sheet with her. “I don’t care what you think. I’m not going to stay married to you, no matter what. You can beg, bribe, or sic your team of vultures on me, but you won’t wear me down. By the end of the week, you’ll have those divorce papers. Sign them or don’t. It doesn’t matter to me. Either way, I intend to get on with my life as though last night never happened.” 
He growled as he reached out and grabbed her left hand. He held up the ring he’d placed there last night. “Like hell you will. You’re not daddy’s little girl anymore, Alisa. You’re Mrs. Liam Bryson, and with that title comes some responsibility. If I even hear a whisper about you behaving inappropriately in public or going out with another man, I’ll be on my private jet and touching down in Nashville before you can even think of a suitable defense. Is that understood?” 
She knew he was used to ordering people around, but she wasn’t one of his lackeys and she wouldn’t be treated like one. “I don’t know why the hell you think you have the right to tell me what to do or where to go, but—”
“I’m your goddamn husband. Have you forgotten that?” 
“I wish I could,” she muttered. She looked up and almost cowered in the face of his rage, but she was determined to stand her ground. “You’re my husband in name only and just until my lawyer can figure out how the hell to get me out of this mess.” 
His hand tightened like a barnacle around her wrist as he smirked. “What happened in that bed last night defies the name-only argument, don’t you think?” 
She cursed the blush creeping up her neck when she remembered how incredible their wedding night had been. “Let go of me. I don’t have time to stand here and argue with you anymore. I have to get to my meeting and then to the airport.” 
He let her go. “Fine, but this isn’t over.” 


Liam sank down on the bed and dropped his head into his hands. He’d tried to act composed, as though he had it all figured out, but inside he was a mess. After they made love and she fell asleep in his arms, he was so sure they were on the same page about presenting a united front to their friends and family today. Instead, she pulled the rug out from under him when she told him she wanted a divorce. He called himself an idiot for not being emotionally prepared for the worst-case scenario, but before he finally fell asleep last night, the only thoughts drifting through his head were how he couldn’t wait to make this woman a part of his life, to introduce her to his daughter. 
God, how was this going to affect his little girl? He knew he should call and talk to her before she heard it from someone else, but he had no idea what to say. No matter what Alisa claimed to want, he wasn’t going to tell anyone, least of all his daughter, that his marriage was a drunken mistake. 
Before he could decide how to proceed, his cell phone rang. He glanced at the call display. Great, his brother had already heard, which meant his mother wouldn’t waste any time taking him to task. 
“What do you want?” Hopefully that would convey the message that he wasn’t in the mood to defend his actions. 
“Please tell me this is a joke.” 
“It isn’t.” 
“Damn it, Liam. How the hell could you do something so stupid, so reckless? Have you thought about how this is gonna affect your daughter or your company, for God’s sake? It’s so unlike you to be taken in by a hot piece of ass.” 
Liam counted to five as he clenched the phone in his fist. “If you still expect to have a job on Monday morning, you’ll watch your mouth.” 
Matt released a gusty sigh. “I’m sorry, I just can’t believe you would do this. I know you said you were in to her, but marriage? Come on, man, that’s way the hell out there, especially for you. You don’t do committed relationships, like ever. So, why the hell would you make the ultimate commitment to a woman you don’t even know?” 
“I know enough.” I know that I’m in love with her, that I want to spend the rest of my life with her. 
“Oh yeah, did you know that she was engaged to that country singer, Nick Sinclair? Maybe she’s got a thing for famous guys, ever think of that?” 
If he heard her ex-fiancé’s name one more time, he was going to lose his mind. “I’m not famous.” 
“Like hell you’re not. You make the richest people in the goddamn country list every year. I’d say that gives you a certain amount of notoriety.” 
“Listen, I don’t want talk about this right now. Bottom line, I’m married. Get used to it, and when you do meet my wife…”—and Liam prayed he would—“I expect you to treat her with the same respect I’ve always shown your wife. Is that understood?” 
“Come on, you can’t compare what I have with Tracey to what you have with that… that…” 
“Be careful, little brother. I’m not gonna warn you again.” 
“Fine, I won’t say what I’m thinking, but please tell me you had the good sense to have her sign something, even if it was a cocktail napkin, stating she doesn’t expect anything when—if this marriage ends.” 
Liam knew this was coming, but it still irked him. “It’s my money, my business. I’ll give it away on the street corner if I choose to, and there’s not a goddamn thing you can do about it!” he shouted before punching the button to disconnect the call. 
He looked up to find Alisa standing in the doorway wearing only a towel. 
She winced as she pressed her fingertips to her temple. 
He didn’t hesitate to go to her. Bracing his hands on her shoulders, he asked, “Are you all right? You look kind of pale.” 
“My head really hurts. I just came out to get some water. Maybe that’ll help,” she whispered. 
He tried to hide his smile as he reached for the bottle and handed it to her. He’d had the mother of all hangovers once in college and he swore he’d never subject his body to that again. Fortunately, he was a man of his word. “Do you want some coffee?” 
She nodded her head and grimaced when a pain obviously ricocheted through her skull. “Please.” 
He couldn’t resist the urge to pull her into his arms and lay her head on his chest as he stroked her hair. “Oh, my poor baby. I’ll have to make sure to monitor your alcohol consumption a little more carefully next time.” 
“Liam—”
“Shhh,” he whispered, tilting her head to kiss her. “I don’t want to hear it.” He pressed another soft kiss to her lips before his mouth skittered across her jaw to her ear. He drew her earlobe between his teeth and felt her hands around his waist, drawing him closer. 
“Hmmm,” she said, tilting her head back to give him better access to her neck. “That feels so good. Too good.” 
When he reached for the front of her towel, she gripped his wrists. “We can’t do this again.”
He muttered a curse. He knew trying to win her over with sex was a bad idea, but it seemed to be the one and only weapon in his arsenal at the moment. “You’re in no condition to go to that meeting. Why don’t you reschedule for tomorrow? You can go back to bed, we’ll order in some food, and—” 
“Weren’t you listening to a word I said earlier?” 
He was, but the only one of those words that echoed through his head like a sadistic chant was divorce. God, he hated that word. “I heard everything you said.” 
“So you’re just choosing to ignore me?” 
“No, but I’m trying to take care of you. What kind of husband would I be if I didn’t?” He smiled, hoping she would give him the benefit of a break. He just needed a few more hours to make her see how great they could be together. He could already imagine their life, if only she would give him time to paint the picture for her. 
He could tell she was trying to suppress a smile when she finally surrendered. “I’m sure you would be a wonderful husband, but I’m never going to find out.” She fixated on the middle of his chest when she said, “I didn’t come here looking for a husband. I’m not ready for that kind of commitment.” 
“You were at one time.”
“Sure, but I’d been dating Nick for a year before we got engaged. I knew him; he knew me. We knew each other’s family and friends.” 
“Yeah, and look how well that worked out for you.” 
She tilted her head back to glare at him. “I don’t need you to remind me.” 
“I can promise you one thing, Alisa. You can always count on me to be faithful to you. Always.” He felt they were finally making progress when her eyes began roaming his face as though she was trying to decide if he was worthy of her trust. 
“I’m sure you’re a good guy, Liam, but you’re not the guy for me. I’m sorry.” 
He felt the sting of her words hit him square in the chest. “How do you know that? You haven’t even given me a chance. Let me prove to you how great we could be together. Please.” 
“I can’t.” She pressed her hands against his chest, pushing him away. “I’m sorry.” 




Chapter Ten 

By the time Alisa’s plane touched down in Nashville, she was exhausted, physically and emotionally. Liam’s pleas kept ringing in her ears, preventing her from stealing a wink of the sleep she so desperately needed. She’d had to fight off dozens of reporters, both at the hotel and the airport. Her cell phone rang nonstop since she stepped onto the hotel elevator, forcing her to turn it off. She listened to one of her father’s voice mail tirades, but she couldn’t listen to any more. If he wanted to tear a strip off of her for being stupid and irresponsible, it would have to wait until they were face-to-face, when she had no choice but to listen. 
Her first stop was the boutique. She meant it when she told Liam she couldn’t afford a day of rest. As much as she might have liked to hide away in his luxurious suite for one more day, she needed to get to work. 
The second she walked through the door, Lena corralled her into the office under the watchful eye of the sales staff, who were pretending to steam and price garments for display. 
“I can’t believe you,” Lena said, sitting her down in the swivel chair behind her desk. “When you told me you were in to him, I had no idea that meant you were gonna marry the guy. What the hell were you thinking?” 
“I wasn’t. Sir Patron was doing my thinking for me last night.” 
Lena laughed. “You’re trying to tell me you married a sexy stranger just ’cause you got into the tequila? That doesn’t sound like you. Nick had to practically beg you to marry him, and that was after a year.” 
“Yeah, I probably should have trusted my instincts on that one. It would have saved me a lot of grief.” Alisa started poking around in the desk drawers. “Please tell me you have aspirin in here somewhere.” 
Lena reached for her handbag and withdrew a tiny metal packet of pain reliever, passing it to Alisa. “That bad, huh?” 
“Worse.” 
Lena smiled. “Serves ya right. You promised big Daddy you wouldn’t drink anymore after that last fiasco at my birthday party. Remember you were up on the stage with that male stripper?”
Alisa held her hand up. “Please don’t remind me. I’m sure my father is gonna be more than happy to remind me of all my stupid, drunken mistakes. No doubt he’ll think this one tops them all.” 
“Is that how you feel?” 
“I don’t know how I feel right now. I’m still reeling, to tell you the truth.” 
Lena picked up her friend’s left hand. “Wow, that is some serious hardware.” 
“I know, right?” Alisa held her hand out to admire it. She knew she should have given it back to him, or at the very least, taken it off on the plane, but she couldn’t bring herself to do it. “I’m beginning to realize Liam’s an all or nothing kind of guy. No half measures with him.” 
“So, where did you guys leave things?” 
“I told him I’d have divorce papers to him by the end of the week.” 
When she woke up that morning, in pain and still trying to come to terms with her impulsive decision to turn her world upside down with two simple words, it seemed like the only logical solution. But four hours on a plane and two in the airport, waiting, gave her a lot of time to think, and a year didn’t seem like forever when she considered what she stood to gain. If he was right about them and they were compatible, if they could find a way to make this marriage work, maybe it would be worth it to try. 
“Damn, are you sure you wanna do that?” 
Alisa dry swallowed two of the tiny pills before she said, “I don’t know anything anymore. When I left here, I knew what was important to me, my business, but now, I don’t what the hell I want. This guy… he really got to me.” 
Lena snorted. “Obviously.” 
“I’m serious. I’m hoping I’ll be able to put it into perspective with a little distance between us because being there with him, it just felt so intense, so right.” She sighed. “Like he could be…” 
“The one?” Lena asked quietly, reaching for her hand. 
She looked at their joined hands a long time before answering. “Yeah, is that crazy?” 
“Honey, you’re the only one who knows how you feel about him, or how he feels about you. Speaking of which, how does he feel?” 
Alisa wandered to the small, upholstered sofa tucked away in the corner and sat down in the middle, hugging a pillow against her body. “He says he wants to try and make this work. He asked me to give it a year, and if I still want out…” She didn’t even want to tell her friend about his offer of financial compensation. It made their relationship sound so tawdry. 
“Go on…” Lena pulled her legs up on the chair, resting her chin on her knees. “I know there’s something you’re not telling me. What is it?” 
“He offered me ten million dollars if I still want out of the marriage after a year.” 
Lena shook her head, as though she was certain she’d misunderstood. “Hold on a second. This guy didn’t get you to sign a prenup before you tied the knot?” 
“No, he didn’t ask me to sign anything.” 
Lena’s mouth fell open. “Oh my God, Ali, that’s insane.” She pulled the laptop sitting on the desktop toward her. “I did a little more digging after I found out what you’d done, and this guy’s worth hundreds of millions of dollars. He makes the list of the country’s wealthiest people every freakin’ year.” She typed Liam’s name into the search engine and selected the website she was looking for. “Check this out.” 
Alisa could care less about his money. The look on his face when she’d walked out on him still haunted her. “I don’t care about that, Lena. He’s a good guy, a really good guy, and I think I hurt him, a lot.” She closed her eyes and tipped her head back. “I wish he’d never sat down beside me on that flight yesterday.” 
Lena closed the laptop and looked at her a long time before asking, “Is that really how you feel?” 
“No… Yes… I don’t know.” She drew her legs up, wrapping her arms around them. “He’s incredible. I’ve never met anyone like him—”
The door flew open and Trey stood in the doorway, scowling at her. “You wanna tell me what the hell you were thinkin’, girl?” 
Lena jumped up. “I think I’ll give you two a little privacy.” She tugged on Trey’s sleeve as she walked past him. “Go easy on her. She’s not feelin’ too well.” 
Trey had unofficially adopted Lena when she was just a teenager, and he was the only father figure she’d ever known. They loved and respected each other immensely, but Alisa knew not even her friend could save her from her father’s wrath. 
“I’ll keep that in mind,” he muttered, waiting for Lena to leave before he closed the door behind her. He stared at his daughter as he braced his hands on his hips. “Okay, I’m waitin’. Let’s hear it.” 
She couldn’t tell him she loved Liam, that would be absurd, but she wouldn’t pretend he meant nothing to her, and she wouldn’t indulge her father by admitting that she’d already told her new husband that she intended to file for divorce. “I’d say congratulations are in order, Daddy.” She winked, trying to lighten the mood. Like that was possible. “You could’ve done a lot worse, as far as son-in-laws go.” 
“He’s twenty years older than you.” 
She tried to avoid squirming in her seat. “Technically, he’s only nineteen years older.” She cleared her throat. “Closer to eighteen, really, since I have a birthday coming up soon.” Of course, she didn’t know when Liam would turn forty-five, but she didn’t think it would help her case to admit as much to Trey. 
“He has a teenage daughter. Did you know that?” 
“Of course I knew about Abby. He showed me a picture of her. She’s lovely, don’t you think?” 
Trey dropped down in the swivel chair and stared at her a long time before he said, “I can’t tell you how disappointed I am in you right now. I thought you were finally gettin’ back on the right track, but to marry a guy you don’t even know…” He raked his hands through his hair. “There’s no excuse for that.” 
Alisa blinked back the tears. She hated disappointing her father, but this was her life, and whether she chose to stay married to Liam or not had to be her choice, not Trey’s. “I’m sorry you feel that way. In spite of what you think, I didn’t do this to hurt you or Mom. I love you guys, but I have to live my own life.” 
Trey leaned forward, his eyes shining with unshed tears. “Why are you so hell-bent on ruinin’ your life?” 
“I’m not.” She brushed aside the tear sliding down her cheek. “That’s not what this is about.” 
“Does it have somethin’ to do with Nick? Were you trying to pay him back for cheatin’ on you?” 
“No!” She knew that’s what people would think, but it wasn’t fair to Liam to allow people to assume he was her rebound guy. “What I feel for Liam is nothing like what I felt for Nick. I know I can trust him not to cheat on me. No matter where he is, no matter how many beautiful women proposition him, I know he’ll be faithful to me.” 
Trey rolled his eyes. “How the hell can you know that? You don’t even know this guy.” 
“I don’t know. How does Mom know you’re not screwin’ around on her when you’re out on the road?” 
Trey glared at her as he raised a finger in warning. “Watch your mouth, young lady. I would never disrespect your mama that way, and she knows it. That’s not to say we didn’t go through some tough times before you were born, but she’s the love of my life. Everyone who knows me knows how I feel about her.”
Alisa knew that was true, and she admired her parents’ marriage and the trials they’d gone through to find their way back to each other, but it hurt that her father assumed a man couldn’t feel about her the way he felt about Sierra. “You don’t know anything about Liam.” 
“You’re right, but I sure as hell am gonna find out.” Trey stood up. “Now.” 
Alisa bounded off the couch too quickly and her pounding head reminded her she needed to slow down. “What’re you gonna do?” 
“I’m going to pay my new son-in-law a little visit.” 
“No, you can’t do that!” She grabbed his arm. “Please, Daddy, just let me figure this out for myself.” 
“Sorry, sugar, I’m afraid I can’t do that.” 


Liam drew a deep breath before he fit the key into the lock at his house. He didn’t want to have this conversation with his daughter over the phone. He needed to see her so he could reassure her that his marriage to Alisa wasn’t going to change their relationship. Abby had been the center of his universe since the day she was born, and he needed her to know that nothing and no one had the power to change that. 
Not surprisingly, she was sprawled out on the couch in the great room talking on the phone when he walked in. He didn’t mean to eavesdrop, but when he realized his marriage was the topic of conversation, he couldn’t resist the urge to listen. 
“No, I’m serious. Don’t know her, never even heard him mention her name.” Abby laughed. “Yeah, I saw her pic online. He has good taste in women; gotta give him that, right? Yeah, I know she’s young, but so what? Missy Handlon’s old man married her nanny!” She laughed. “I know, right?”
Liam flinched before he cleared his throat to draw her attention. 
She had the grace to blush at being caught as she bit her lip. “Uh, Steph, I’m gonna have to call you back. My dad just walked in. Yeah okay, later.” 
Liam claimed the chair across from the sofa as she turned to face him. “Where is Mrs. Foster?” 
“She just had to run out to the grocery store. She said she’d be back in a bit.” 
“Good, that’ll give us a chance to talk about…” He looked his daughter in the eye. She looked so much like him—same dark hair and eyes, sun-kissed skin, and the same formidable personality. “Obviously you’ve heard.” 
She set the phone down on the coffee table. “Yeah, I’ve heard. So, what’s the deal?” 
He covered his mouth with his hands as he tried to figure out how to explain to his daughter what he didn’t even understand himself. His feelings for Alisa didn’t make sense, but that didn’t make them any less real. “I care for her a great deal.” 
“Well, duh…” she said, grinning. “You wouldn’t have married her if you didn’t. So, how long have you guys been seein’ each other on the sly?”
This was going to be the difficult part to explain. Of course, he could lie and tell her they’d been seeing each other for months, but he wouldn’t. He demanded the truth from her, and he taught her to expect no less from him. “I just met her yesterday.” 
She threw her head back and laughed. “Good one, Dad.” 
“I’m serious.”
Abby gave him a sidelong glance, as though she was trying to read his expression. “Wait a minute, you married a woman the same day you met her?” 
“I know I’m not setting a very good example, honey, and I’m sorry about that… but I acted on impulse when I asked Alisa to marry me. I wasn’t thinking about the consequences. I just knew I wanted to be with her.” He’d always treated his daughter like a mature, intelligent person capable of thinking for herself, so he wasn’t about to start sugarcoating things to try and protect her now. 
“And you never thought about dating her, getting to know her, before you put a ring on her finger?” She shook her head. “I’m sorry, Dad, but this is just so out there. It’s not like you to act first and ask questions later. Hell, you’re so anal about everything.” 
He smirked at his daughter’s accurate assessment. She’d always been mature beyond her years, and he respected that about her. “You’re right. I can’t deny this is out of character for me, but it feels so right. Being with her…” He didn’t finish his thought. There was no need. He had no doubt she could read the expression on his face.
“Does she feel the same way about you? I mean, she must if she was willing to marry you, right?” She scowled when he didn’t respond right away. “She’d better not be a gold-digger. Is she? Now that she’s got a ring on her finger, is she makin’ noise about you buyin’ her stuff and…” The color drained from her face. “Oh God, Dad, you didn’t…” 
He knew Abby understood about prenuptial agreements. It was impossible to live in their world of private schools, trust funds, and divorce without having heard of them and how important they were. “I didn’t ask her to sign a prenup, baby, but that doesn’t mean you have anything to worry about. Alisa doesn’t want my money, and even if she did, I’d do whatever I had to… to protect you and what’s rightfully yours—”
She held her hand up. “Stop! I don’t care about the money. I care about you.” She walked over and sat on the ornate wood table in front of him. “Is this girl gonna hurt you, or what?” 
He lowered his head. He couldn’t look his daughter in the eye and lie to her. “I don’t know. She could, if she walks away without giving us a chance.” 
“Is that what she’s gonna do?” She reached for his hand when he didn’t respond right away. “Answer me. Is that what she’s gonna do?” 
“I don’t know yet.” He brought her hand, so small and fragile, to his lips. “It’s too soon to tell.” 
“Well, you can’t let her do that.” She smiled. “You’re Liam-freakin’-Bryson. You get what you want, when you want it.” She nudged his knee with hers. “If anyone knows that, it’s me, right?” 
He smiled for the first time since Alisa walked out on him. No matter how dire things in his life seemed, his daughter was always able to make him smile because he knew no matter how bad things got, he always had her. “And don’t you forget it.” 
“Like you’d ever let me,” she muttered. “Look, I don’t want you to be alone, Dad. I kept hoping you’d find someone, but you haven’t, until now. If this woman is the one you want to be with, you need to fight for her.” 
“I intend to,” he said quietly with more conviction than he’d felt in the hours since he let her leave. 
“I’m gonna be going off to college in a few years, and I hate thinking of you in this big house all by yourself.” She reached in to hug him. “I love you. I just want you to be happy.” 
He placed a hand on either side of her head. “How did I get so lucky?” He kissed her forehead. “You’re the best damn kid…” He cursed the moisture pooling in his eyes. 
“You made me who I am.” 




Chapter Eleven 

Since his daughter clearly didn’t want him moping around the house, Liam decided to go in to the office. He had a mountain of work to wade through, but he was too tempted by the lure of the phone at his side to get anything done. He just wanted to hear her voice, to know that she was thinking about him, too. He picked it up, but his brother threw the door open before he had a chance to dial. 
“I thought you were in Barbados.” 
“I had to come home when I realized my brother was going through one hell of a midlife crisis.” Matt walked to the minibar in the corner of Liam’s office suite. “You want one?” he asked, holding up a bottle of scotch. 
“No, thanks.” 
“Okay, tell me everything,” he said, turning to face him. “When, where, how, and for the love of God… why?”
“You know I met her yesterday on the plane. I told you when we talked on the phone she was… special. What I feel for her is unlike anything I’ve ever felt for anyone. I want to be with her.” It was the first time in years, maybe ever, that he’d wanted to spend time with a woman. His thoughts kept drifting to her when he should be working, wondering where she was, what she was doing, who she was with, whether she was thinking about him. 
Matt thrust a hand into the pocket of his tailored dress pants. “Okay, so she’s gonna move here?” 
“We haven’t gotten that far yet. We’re still trying to figure out where to go from here.” If Liam received those divorce papers she’d promised, he didn’t know how he’d respond. He told both Alisa and his daughter that he intended to fight for his marriage, but he couldn’t force her to feel something she didn’t. 
“What does that mean?” Matt narrowed his eyes as he looked at him. “Is she having second thoughts about marrying you?” 
“You could say that.” Liam’s pride made it difficult to acknowledge the truth, but he’d always been a straight shooter. Besides, he knew his younger brother would see right through him if he tried to evade the question. 
“Damn it, if you’d just had her sign a prenup, you wouldn’t be leaving yourself open to this kind of risk. If she’s only after your money…” 
“I can assure you, she’s not,” said an unfamiliar voice with a distinctly southern drawl.
Liam looked up to see Trey Turner crowding his doorway. Shit. He knew he’d have to face Alisa’s father sooner or later, but he didn’t expect the man to fly four hours to confront him in person. When she said her father kept her on a tight leash, she wasn’t kidding. 
Liam stood and walked around his desk. He braced for the impact of the left hook he was half-expecting. When it didn’t come, he offered his hand instead. “Sir, it’s a pleasure to meet you.” 
Trey just glared at the hand he offered. “You can’t be serious.” 
“Listen,” Matt said to Trey, “if you’ve got a problem, you need to take it up with your daughter.” 
Trey turned his anger on him. “Who the hell are you?” 
“His brother.”
“Get out,” Trey said, moving farther into the room. 
Liam tried to remind himself that this man was his father-in-law now, and if he and Alisa had a prayer of making this marriage work, he couldn’t afford to piss him off, but he wasn’t used to anyone else issuing orders in his territory. 
Matt took a step toward Trey. “Who the hell do you think you are, telling me to get out of my brother’s office? I’ll leave when—”
“I tell you to.” Liam shot his brother a warning look. “Leave, now.”
Matt glanced at Trey over his shoulder. “Fine, but call me later. I’ll schedule a conference call with your lawyers so we can figure out how the hell to get you out of this mess without it costing you a small fortune.” 
“Out!” Liam shouted, pointing toward the door. He took a deep breath before turning back to Trey. “Can I get you a drink?” 
“I’m a recovering alcoholic, smart-ass.” 
“Does that mean you can’t have water or a soft drink, either?” 
Liam reclaimed the chair behind his massive, hand-carved, walnut desk. If Trey Turner thought he was going to storm into his domain and rattle him, he was deluding himself. He’d made a habit of taking on the biggest, toughest, meanest men in business and he always came out on top. This would be no exception. If Trey forced him into a corner, he would have no choice but to come out fighting. For Alisa’s sake, he hoped it wouldn’t come to that. 
“The only thing I want from you is answers.” Trey braced his fists on the desk and leaned in, getting in Liam’s face. “You took advantage of my little girl after she’d had too much to drink. You really thought you were gonna get away with that, boy?” 
Liam smirked as he crossed his legs and plucked a speck of lint off his designer pants. “I haven’t been a boy in twenty-five years, Trey.” He laced his hands behind his head and tilted his chair back. “You’re used to people jumping when you beckon. Well, guess what; so am I.” 
“You arrogant son of a bitch.” 
“Not arrogant, just honest.” He looked Trey in the eye. “You want the truth, you’re gonna get it. I’m crazy about your daughter.” 
Trey started pacing the floor of the expansive office with the million-dollar view of the city. “How the hell do you know how you feel about her? You just met her.” 
“I’m a pretty decisive guy. I’ve had to be to succeed in this business. Sometimes I have to make split-second decisions that could cost me millions of dollars. That’s what I did last night with Alisa. I made an impulsive decision, but I don’t regret it.” He watched Trey work off some of his excess energy. He almost felt sorry for him. If, in ten years, Abby did what Alisa did, he’d be doing exactly what Trey was now: demanding answers. 
Liam leaned over his desk. “Look, Trey, I get where you’re coming from. I have a daughter myself, and if she pulls a stunt like this someday, I’ll probably hunt the guy down, too.” 
Trey turned toward him and threw his hands up in the air. “What the hell am I supposed to do about this? I know she’s a grown woman, so I legally can’t stop her from marryin’ anyone she damn well pleases, but y’all can’t expect me to stand by and do nothin’ while she marries some guy she just met.” Trey sank down in one of the guest chairs on the opposite side of the desk. “Look, you may be a good guy for all I know, I haven’t heard anything to the contrary, but this is my baby girl we’re talkin’ about. My only child. I can’t just stand by and watch another guy do a number on her.”
“I understand how you feel. I do. I’d wanna kill any guy who hurt my daughter, but you gotta believe me when I tell you I’m nothin’ like that dirtbag who cheated on her.” 
Trey looked at him a long time before he asked, “She told you about that, huh?” 
“Yeah, she did.” 
He heaved a sigh. “Damn near killed me to see her goin’ through that and know I couldn’t do a thing to help her. I swore I’d never let her get caught up in a mess like that again. I told my wife, from now on, I wanna know everything there is to know about every guy she’s datin’.” He frowned. “’Course you kinda robbed me of that chance, now, didn’t ya?” 
“I’m sorry about that.” Liam opened his hands. “I’m an open book. You can ask me anything you want to right now. Whatever you need to know to put your mind at ease.”
“Where’d you go to school?” 
“Yale, business major.” 
Trey glanced around the luxuriously furnished office. “Can’t say I’m surprised. I heard you’re stinkin’ rich. That true?” 
Liam laughed at his candor. “If you’re asking if I’ll be able to take care of your daughter, the answer is yes. Very nicely.” 
“How do you feel about this business of hers?” 
“I think it’s great. It’s sounds as though she’s very passionate about it.” 
“She is.” Trey nodded. “She needed a distraction. When I saw what she was doin’ to herself after she ended her engagement, I knew I had to do somethin’ to help her. I didn’t wanna see her end up where I was after her mama and I split years ago.” 
“You and Alisa’s mother aren’t together anymore?”
“We remarried a long time ago. Thank God she forgave me for bein’ stupid enough to let her go.” 
Liam knew he would feel the same way if he let Alisa go. He leaned forward and laced his fingers on the desk. “What can you tell me about this Nick character?”
Trey chuckled. “You mean aside from the fact that I hate his guts?” 
“Alisa tells me he’s trying to get her back.” 
“He was, but who knows, maybe he’ll back off when he finds out she’s married.” 
“He better.” 
Trey and Liam exchanged a glance before Trey finally smiled. “Alisa says she’s sure you’d never cheat on her. She right about that?” 
It gave Liam hope, knowing that Alisa had told her father she thought he was trustworthy. “I’d have to be the stupidest son of a bitch alive to cheat on her, now wouldn’t I?” He smiled. “Believe me, one thing I’m not is stupid.”
Trey grinned. “No, I doubt anyone would think to call you that.” 
“Alisa was worried you were gonna pull the funding for her business because she married me. You plan to do that?” 
“No, I might threaten, but I’d never really do it. I know how hard she’s worked to make this happen.” 
“I’m glad to hear that.” Liam sensed they were developing a good rapport, so he decided to take a risk. “Your daughter loves you; she just wants you to be proud of her. I hope marrying me won’t tarnish your opinion of her.” 
Trey tipped the cowboy hat back on his head as he stared at Liam. “I was real disappointed when I found out what she’d done, madder than hell. But now that I’ve met you, I gotta admit, I can sorta understand what she sees in you.” 
Liam smiled. “Thanks.” 
“So, a good buddy of mine is the head of security for Titan Records…” 
“And?” 
“He’s an expert at findin’ out things people would rather keep hidden.” 
Liam laughed. He knew Trey was testing him, trying to make him buckle under the pressure. “I’m not perfect. I’ve done things I’m not proud of, but I’ve never done anything I’m ashamed of, if that’s what you’re asking.” 
“You had a kid with a woman who bailed on you.” 
He held his hand up. No one, but no one, was going to call his daughter a mistake. “I’m glad she’s out of my life, and I wouldn’t trade one second of the past thirteen years with my daughter for a billion dollars.” 
Trey smiled and pointed at him. “I like you, goddamn you. I didn’t want to. I wanted to hate you, in fact, but I can’t. You’re a good man, and maybe, just maybe my daughter made a good call marryin’ you.” He leaned forward and offered his hand. “But that’s not to say I don’t wish she’d dated you a couple years just to be sure.” 
Liam took the hand Trey offered. “I can respect that. But sometimes things just happen, when you least expect them to, and you have to go with it, see where it might lead you. So, does this mean we have your blessing?” 
Trey chuckled as he got to his feet. “Let’s not push it. We’ll just say I don’t wanna kill you anymore and leave it at that for now.” 
Liam laughed as he walked Trey to the door. “Fair enough.” 


Alisa needed to see her mother. Hopefully she had some insight into how her father’s meeting with Liam had gone. Just thinking about it made her want to succumb to the nausea she’d fought all day. 
She walked into her parent’s house, the house she’d grown up in, and nostalgia overcame her as she looked at the portraits lining the walls and framed pictures crowding the table tops. Pictures of the three of them, her as a baby and little girl, her parents together, so happy and in love. She wondered if she would ever be lucky enough to find what they had, a best friend, lover, and soul mate. Someone who had your back, no matter what happened. Was it even possible to think about building that kind of relationship with Liam when the obstacles separating them seemed so insurmountable? 
Sierra walked into the foyer and, without a word, opened her arms. 
Alisa gladly walked into them, finally surrendering to the tears that had lurked beneath the surface of her professional façade all day. “Oh God, Mom. What have I done?” 
Sierra gripped her daughter’s shoulders, holding her at arm’s length. “I was hoping you’d be able to tell me that. What were you thinking?” 
“I wasn’t thinking.” That wasn’t entirely true. She’d been thinking about how handsome and intelligent he was, the fact that he was a gifted business man, loving father, considerate employer. He’d been so attentive to her, and she got caught up in the mystique, the man behind the multi-millionaire’s mask. 
“Oh, baby,” Sierra said, stroking her face as she wiped away her tears. “Everybody makes mistakes. It’s gonna be okay. We’ll figure out a way to get you out of this.” 
Alisa knew this was the moment of truth. “That’s just it. I’m not so sure I’m ready to get out of this marriage.” She could barely see the look of shock on her mother’s face through her watery eyes, but the tightening grip on her arms was a telltale sign. 
“Maybe we’d better sit down, so you can fill me in on what happened yesterday.” 
Sierra took her hand and led her into the comfortable family room where she and her mom used to sit around the big-screen TV, eating candy bars and chips as they talked and watched sappy Sunday night movies when she was home from school and taking a much needed break from modeling. 
“I met him on the plane.” She heaved a sigh as she sank down on the huge sectional and wrapped a throw around her shoulders. “He sat down beside me, and we talked for a while.” Until she got angry with him for making a snide remark about her modeling career. She smiled at the memory. Liam wasn’t the kind of man to pull punches and she loved that about him. 
“You must have gotten to know each other quite well in that short time.” 
She thought about the things they’d shared over dinner. He’d told her about his father; she told him about Nick cheating on her. She learned how much he loved his daughter and that he was a devoted son who was trying to be a better man than his father was. “He confided in me about his family. I don’t think he’s comfortable confiding in a lot of people.” 
“That begs the question, what made you so special?” Sierra smiled as she tugged a lock of her daughter’s hair. “You know your daddy and I think the sun sets with your gorgeous smile, but what made him realize you were so special in a matter of hours?” 
This was the first time Alisa had even considered telling anyone the truth about what she felt for Liam. Her father would condemn her for being so naïve, and Lena was so fixated on his power and wealth, she wouldn’t be able to see past that. But she knew her mother was the one person who would keep an open mind and try to appreciate the situation from her perspective. “We had this incredible connection.” 
Sierra reached for her hand. “Tell me about it.” 
“I don’t know if I can describe it. He really listened, and he got me, ya know?” 
“I think so. Your daddy and I had that connection right from the beginning, too. Of course, we waited quite a while before we got married.” 
Alisa leaned her head against the back of the sofa and closed her eyes. “I know it sounds crazy, but I felt something with him that I’d never felt before. Not even with Nick.” She opened her eyes to look at her mother. “Do you believe in love at first sight, Mom?” 
“Of course I do. I fell in love with your daddy the first time I laid eyes on him on that football field back in college. I knew, without a doubt, that I was gonna marry him someday. I didn’t know how or when, only that I would.” 
“I wish I was as certain that I made the right call marrying Liam.” She sunk her teeth into her bottom lip. “How did you know for sure that Daddy was the one?” 
“I don’t know that I really figured that out until we were apart.” Sierra smiled. “Things weren’t always perfect when we were together, Lord knows, but my worst times with him were still better than my best times without him. I think that’s when I realized that I had to face facts. We were meant to be together.” 
“You guys are so lucky,” Alisa said, sighing. “To have found each other, and to still be so happy and so much in love after all these years.” 
“I’m grateful every single day that fate brought him into my life.” 
“Is that what you think it was?” Alisa asked, looking at her mother. “Fate?” 
“I do.” Sierra brushed Alisa’s hair off her tear-streaked face. “Is that what you think prompted Liam to sit down beside you on that plane yesterday, fate?” 
“I don’t know.” She shrugged. “Maybe.” 
“Tell me about him.” 
“You mean you haven’t Googled him?” Alisa chuckled. “Come on, Mom. You can’t expect me to believe that.” 
“He’s handsome, rich, successful, well educated…” She ticked his attributes off on her fingers. “A devoted father, but I want to know what you made him think he might be a man you could spend the rest of your life with.”
Alisa sucked in a breath. Was he someone she could spend the rest of her life with? “Well, it’s the little things the rest of the world doesn’t know about him. He’s very protective of his mother. He treats all of his employees with so much respect. He’s been hurt in the past, badly, by a woman who couldn’t see past the dollar signs to the incredible man he is on the inside.” 
Sierra tucked her legs under her. “It sounds like you got a glimpse of that man.” 
“I can’t imagine how any woman could meet him and not fall in love.” She covered her mouth when she realized what she’d said. Had she really admitted to her mother that she was in love with this man? Was she? Was that even possible? 
Sierra laughed at her reaction. “Relax, it’s just the two of us. You know you can say anything to me and I won’t judge you. It’s not a question of whether or not I think this is right or wrong. It’s about how you feel.” 
“I don’t know how I feel yet, that’s just it. I’m still trying to figure it out.” 
“Okay, then how does Liam feel?” 
“He wants to try and make it work.” 
“Why?”
That was one of the many reasons her mother was one of her best friends; she wasn’t afraid to ask the tough questions, even when Alisa didn’t think she was ready to answer them. “He claims what he feels for me is real. He wants to try and make this work.” She wrinkled her nose when she thought of his proposition. The more she thought about it, the more distasteful it seemed. “He offered me ten million dollars if I would give him a year to try and make this marriage work.” 
“What did you say to that?”
“I told him I was filing for divorce and would have the papers to him by the end of the week.” An image of Liam and the look of disappointment on his face when she made that announcement flashed through her mind, and she wished she could rewrite those few minutes of their history. She was surprised when she realized that was the only thing she would change.
“Are you sure that’s what you want? Maybe he has the right idea. Perhaps you should give it a little more time before you decide where to go from here.” 
“I don’t know.” She moaned. “I’m just so confused.” She glanced out the huge window overlooking the expansive grounds. Night fell hours ago, and she couldn’t help but wonder what had happened between her father and Liam. Had he finally consented to the divorce, with her father’s coaxing? The thought left a knot of tension in her stomach that told her she wasn’t ready to make that decision yet. 
Sierra admired the ring on her daughter’s left hand. “It’s beautiful. It looks a lot like—” 
“Nana’s ring, I know.” She smiled at the memory. “Liam spotted me looking at it in the window of the jewelry store. I told him how much I liked it and how much it reminded me of nana’s ring, and next thing I know…” She held up her hand, unable to suppress the smile tugging at her lips. “I’m wearing it. Clearly my husband knows nothing about self-restraint.” 
The word husband sounded so foreign on her lips, but not distasteful. She rolled it around in her mind, trying to get used to it. Liam Bryson was her husband. She wasn’t Alisa Turner anymore. She was Mrs. Alisa Bryson now. She had to admit, it had a nice ring to it. 
“It sounds like he’d do just about anything to make you happy. Men like that are a rare find.” 
“I know.” 
Alisa couldn’t help but think of Nick. His desires had always overshadowed hers. It was difficult to admit that she ever thought she was in love with a man who’d proven to be so self-absorbed. Maybe Liam was right; she was too inexperienced to think about forever when she met Nick and agreed to be his wife. But a few years and a broken heart bought her some valuable life experience that would serve her well this time around. She wasn’t as trusting with Liam as she was with Nick, but was she forcing him to pay for another man’s sins? 
“Honey, I don’t want to get too personal, but this could be a factor if you do decide to end the marriage. Was it… consummated?” 
Though she and her mother were close, they hadn’t talked about sex since Alisa was a teenager and her mother warned her about the importance of protection. “Um, yes.” 
“Did you have too much to drink last night? Did he take advantage of the situation to—”
“No! It was nothing like that.” She forced herself to draw a breath to calm down. She hadn’t expected to instinctively need to defend Liam. “If anything, he was trying to get me to slow down. He kept asking me if I was sure it was what I wanted. He even tried to walk away.” She thought about the panic she felt when she saw him preparing to step on the elevator and she realized her chance to become his wife was slipping away. 
She’d woken up that morning blaming Liam for what happened, but in the hours since, she had to admit to herself that she wanted it as much, maybe even more than he did. “I’m sorry, Mom. I didn’t mean to snap at you. It’s just that I don’t want you guys to blame him. This wasn’t his fault.” That morning, Alisa was so sure her marriage was a mistake, but the more she thought about it, the more it began to feel like fate brought them together for a reason.
The front door slammed and Alisa winced. 
“Sounds like your father’s home,” Sierra whispered. She got up and met Trey in the entrance to the family room. “Hey, hon, how was your flight?” 
“Uneventful, just the way I like it.” He gave Sierra a hug and kiss before gesturing toward their daughter. “You mind if I have a word with her? We still need to talk about a few things.” 
“Of course. I’ll just be in the kitchen if you need me.” Sierra turned toward her daughter. “Grease is on TV in a few minutes. You wanna spend the night?” 
The thought of doing something as mundane as pigging out on junk food with her mother, watching one of their favorite old movies, and curling up in her childhood bed was exactly what Alisa needed to soothe her battered soul and aching head, but she needed to find out where things stood with her father first. “Maybe.” She glanced at Trey out of the corner of her eye, trying to read his mood. “Can I let you know in a bit?” 
Sierra winked. “I’ll prepare the snack tray, just in case.” 
Trey settled in on the sectional beside her. “So, I met your husband today…” He cringed dramatically. “Sorry, that’s gonna take some gettin’ used to.”
She smiled. At least he seemed to be in better spirits than he had earlier. “How did it go?”
“I went there determined to hate him. I was gonna demand he agree to annul the marriage and leave you the hell alone.”
Alisa’s heart began to race. What if Liam had conceded? In the face of her demands, coupled with her father’s, she could hardly blame him. “What did he say to that?”
“We never really got that far.” Trey smirked. “I couldn’t bring myself to hate him, as much as I wanted to.” 
She allowed herself to breathe again as she whispered, “Really?” 
“Yeah, really.” Trey looked down at the empty space on the couch between them. “This is so damn hard for me, baby. I saw what you went through with Nick, and I don’t ever wanna see anyone hurt you like that again.” 
Alisa moved closer, settling into her father’s arms as he stroked her hair. “I’m not five years old anymore. You can’t threaten every bully on the playground.” 
He chuckled. “Don’t I know it.” He rested his chin on the top of her head. “I actually wanted this guy to be a bully. I thought if he was, I’d just be able to shout him down ’til he gave in.” 
“But it didn’t work out that way, huh?” 
“Nah, he started talkin’ to me about his daughter, and I knew he understood where I was comin’ from.” He drew a deep, shuddering breath. “I don’t think he intends to hurt you, though I know there are no guarantees. So I guess this is one of those times when I’m just gonna have to trust you to make the right decision.” 
Alisa tipped her head back, shocked that her overbearing father actually seemed willing to wave the white flag. “Are you serious? You’re gonna let me figure this out on my own?” 
Trey smiled, but it was a smile filled with sorrow. “You’re not a little girl anymore. You’re someone else’s wife now, and whether you choose to stay with him or not, I couldn’t live with myself if I knew I’d cost you a chance at happiness. I love you, baby. The only thing that matters to me is your happiness, and if Liam’s the man you need, then I won’t stand in your way.”
She kissed his cheek as she squeezed his neck. “I love you, Daddy.” 
“I love you too, my angel. Always.” 




Chapter Twelve 

Alisa’s week passed in a flurry of activity. Between preparing the store and finalizing the details for the party, she’d barely had time to think about Liam or be disappointed that he hadn’t called since she left his hotel room six days ago. She told herself that he was just respecting her wishes, giving her the space she claimed to need, but it still stung. Especially late at night when she fell asleep staring at her phone, willing it to ring. She hadn’t given him her numbers, but a man as resourceful as Liam would find a way, if she was that important to him. It hurt her to think he’d already resumed his busy life and relegated her to the back of his mind. 
Lena rushed through the door, her arms overflowing with a colorful bouquet of fresh flowers. 
“Honey, the florist is taking care of the balloons and flowers. What are you doing with those?” Alisa asked, checking her reflection in the mirror for the tenth time in the past hour. The soft blue and lavender fabric gave the illusion of a kaleidoscope of subtle colors as it fell in soft waves around her ankles. She thought the dress was perfect for her big night, but now that she was less than an hour away from being placed under a microscope by her friends, family, the press, and Tennessee’s elite, she questioned everything from her hair to her heels. 
“Some delivery guy thrust these into my arms as I walked in,” Lena said through clenched teeth. “Apparently he couldn’t be bothered to walk the extra few steps to do the job he’s bein’ paid to do.” Lena turned her head to the side and sneezed. “You mind takin’ them? Something in there’s triggering my allergies.” 
“Of course,” Alisa said, rushing forward to relieve her friend of the bouquet. Her stomach did a little flip as she considered who the bouquet might be from. Her absentee husband, perhaps? She’d mentioned the party to him in passing, but she hadn’t given him the details. At least a few hastily scribbled words on a florist’s note card would let her know he was thinking about her on her big night. 
“Who’re they from?” Lena asked, reaching for a tissue from the box behind the tall, glass sales counter. “Please tell me they’re from that handsome hubby of yours.” 
Lena, the hopeless romantic, had hassled her friend every day about Liam, whether she’d heard from him or worked up the nerve to call him. 
“Um no, they’re not from Liam.” She tried to quash the disappointment as she crinkled the embossed linen notecard in her hand. “They’re from Nick. He said he’s looking forward to seeing me at the party.” 
Lena gagged. “Don’t tell me he’s gonna be here. God, will that guy ever learn to take a hint?” 
“Apparently not,” Alisa muttered. “It’s not like I invited him. He’s probably just coming to try and rattle me. He knows I can’t very well kick him out with press crawling all over the place, watching our every move.” 
“You think word might get back to Liam that Nick was here with you?” Lena asked, propping her hip against the counter. 
“He’s not going to be with me, but I can’t very well ask him to leave, can I?”
“No, but your daddy can.” Lena laughed. “He and Trey haven’t been in the same room together since…” Lena grimaced when she saw the look on her friend’s face. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to remind you of that tonight of all nights.” 
“It’s okay, it’s not like I can think of him without remembering what he did.” 
“I really thought being with someone new would help you forget.” 
“Maybe it would if Liam and I were actually together. In case you haven’t noticed, we’re not.” 
Lena found a cleaning cloth behind the counter and wiped away the smudge she’d created. “Have you made good on your threat…?” She looked at Alisa out of the corner of her eye. “You know, about the divorce papers.” 
“No, I’ve been too busy to even think about it this week.” If only that were true. As busy as she’d been, her last words to him continued to haunt her. If he believed her when she told him she intended to file for divorce, it was little wonder he hadn’t bothered to call. He already assumed it was over. Why should a man as busy as Liam waste his time fighting the inevitable? 
“Maybe he hasn’t called because he was waiting to see whether you would actually go through with the divorce. Now that he knows you don’t intend to see it through, he might take it as a sign and reach out to you.”
A girl could hope. “Who knows what he’s thinking or how he’s feeling.” 
“I think the more important question is how you’re feeling about him.”
“I don’t know.” Alisa busied herself straightening hangers on waterfall racks as she spoke. “I hoped a little distance would help me put things into perspective, but I’m more confused than ever.” 
“You said your dad went to see him. How did that go?” 
Lena had been as busy as Alisa all week, preparing for the grand opening, so they had precious little time for girl talk. “Believe it or not, I think he liked him.” She smiled. “Not that I’m surprised. Liam can be very persuasive.” 
“Obviously, he got you into bed on the first night.” Lena snickered, but had the grace to cover her hand with her mouth to hide her smile when Alisa glared at her. “Sorry, you know I’m only kidding. I’ve seen his picture. I’d have done the same thing in your position.” 
The night she spent with Liam still made her feel too raw to tolerate her friend’s teasing. “His looks had nothing to do with it.” 
Lena rolled her eyes. “Yeah, right.” 
“Okay, maybe they had something to do with it, but there’s so much more to him than that.” 
“I noticed you’re still wearing your rings. That’s got to count for something, right?” 
Alisa had tried to take them off a time or two, but it didn’t feel right. “I may, when I figure out where we stand.” 
Lena propped her chin on the counter and leaned in. “Did he agree to wear a wedding band?” 
“Um, yeah, he was wearing one.” She thought about the wide platinum band decorating his tanned hand, and it made her heart ache. It looked so right on him. 
“You think he’s still wearing it?” 
“Who knows?” She shrugged, but trying to pretend she didn’t care cost her. “He may have taken it off as soon as I walked out on him.”
“Do you really believe that?” 
“I don’t know what to believe anymore.” 
A loud bang upstairs startled Lena. “What the hell was that?” 
“The caterers and florist are up there with the party planner. The wait staff should be here soon.” She looked around for something, anything that commanded her attention. “I guess it’s almost show time.” 
Lena drew her into an exuberant hug. “I am so proud of you for pulling this off. I just know this business is gonna be a huge success. We’ll see to it.” 
“Thanks, honey.” As much as she appreciated her best friend’s words of encouragement, only one person could settle her nerves tonight. 


Liam checked his watch for the third time as his limo pulled up in front of Alisa’s boutique. He was running an hour behind schedule and this was one event he’d hoped to attend on time. But he’d spent the better part of the week on his airplane, and air travel often meant unexpected delays, like tonight. 
The uniformed driver opened his door and Liam got out, buttoning his suit jacket as he admired the building’s facade. He didn’t know if she was leasing the space or had bought it, but the modern stucco exterior of the small building lent an air of understated elegance he appreciated. The large windows flanking the double door glass entrance gave him a glimpse inside, where dozens of people milled about with drinks in hand. 
“Hey,” a young man said, tossing a cigarette to the ground, “you’re Liam Bryson, right?” He grabbed the camera hanging around his neck. “You’re Alisa’s husband. Oh man, can you give me a statement about your quickie wedding in Vegas? All kinds of rumors have circulated. Is it true you married her ’cause she’s pregnant?” 
Liam grit his teeth. “No comment.” He pulled the door open, anxious to put some distance between himself and the inquisitive reporter who undoubtedly intended to shadow him until he wore him down or pissed him off enough to provoke him. 
As soon as he crossed the threshold, a hush that even the soft music filtering through the speakers couldn’t mask fell over the crowd. 
He saw Trey first, who smiled and tipped his cowboy hat in greeting. At least someone was happy he’d made the trip halfway around the world to support his wife tonight. He only hoped Alisa would share her father’s opinion. 
His eyes traveled to the back of the room where Alisa stood with her back to him, talking to… Oh hell no, she was not wasting her time with her cheating ex-fiancé, was she? She turned around just as he was closing in on her. 
Her expression exposed her shock at seeing him. Apparently, her party planner hadn’t told Alisa she invited her husband to join in the festivities. 
“Hello, sweetheart,” he said, pulling her into his arms and kissing her breathless. He didn’t care that they had an audience of a hundred people looking on, so long as the person standing to his left received his message loud and clear. “I missed you,” he said, trailing a fingertip down her cheek. 
“Oh my God, Liam, what are you—?”
He kissed her again, halting her question. If everyone learned they hadn’t spoken a word since their hastily exchanged vows, it was bound to raise a few eyebrows. Which was something he definitely didn’t need with her ex looking on. “Can I steal you away for a few minutes?” 
Alisa seemed to remember where she was as she glanced at the small group surrounding them. “Um, excuse us, please.” She led him back to the rear of the building, which contained a large storage room, two offices, two restrooms, and a small break room. She closed her office door and leaned against it, staring up at him. “I can’t believe you’re really here.” 
He grinned as he moved in to grip her waist. “Can I assume this is a pleasant surprise?” 
“Yes, but how did you know—?”
He kissed her again. He’d thought about kissing her almost nonstop since she walked out on him. “Your party planner called my assistant to extend the invitation.” 
Alisa ran a hand over his light blue silk tie. “I’ll have to remember to thank her later.” 
“Then you’re not upset that I just showed up like this?” He couldn’t remember the last time he’d felt so uneasy. He hadn’t sought another person’s reassurance about anything in a long time, but he needed to know that she wanted him there as much as he needed to be there. 
“Of course not.” She reached up to kiss him. “In fact, before things got underway tonight, I was thinking about how much I’d like to see you.” She looked down, obviously considering her words carefully. “I’m sorry about the way we left things. I wasn’t thinking clearly. I was hung over and confused, and I panicked when I thought about how my father would react.”
Liam chuckled. “Trey’s not so bad. In fact, we had a nice chat.” 
“I heard.” She shook her head. “How the hell did you manage to win him over so quickly?” 
He raised an eyebrow. “You, of all people, have to ask me that?” 
She laughed and smacked her palm against his chest. “Stop.” 
He glanced at the rings she still wore on her left hand. “Should I take that as a sign?” He’d been in Asia on business all week, but he asked his assistant to contact him immediately, day or night, if she received any documents from a legal firm in Nashville. He’d been relieved to hear she hadn’t signed for any correspondence that fit his description, though he suspected she knew what he expected when she learned his wife wouldn’t be moving to San Francisco with him in the foreseeable future. 
He’d been grateful that he had meetings planned for this week, so the press couldn’t hunt him down and his employees couldn’t shower him with congratulations. He wasn’t ready to celebrate his marriage until he had Alisa’s assurance that she would give them a chance. 
She reached for his left hand and he almost heard her breathe a sigh of relief when she saw he still wore the ring she’d placed on his finger. “I could ask you the same question.” 
He traced her full bottom lip with his fingertip. “I wasn’t the one making noise about wanting out of this marriage. You were, remember?” 
Alisa reached up to loop her arms around his neck. “How did Abby react when you told her about us?” 
He chuckled. “She knew before I told her.” He let his hands drift over the curve of her hips. Alisa was the last thing on his mind when his head finally hit the pillow at night, and the first thing he thought about before he even opened his eyes in the morning. Feeling her body pressed against his, so warm and responsive, made him wish he came to see her sooner. “Apparently, teenage girls can be very resilient. It didn’t seem to bother her a bit. I hate to admit it, but she’s getting to the age where her life doesn’t revolve around her old man anymore.” 
Alisa smiled and ran her hand through his tousled hair. “That’s hard to believe.” 
“I must look like hell. I came here straight from the airport.” 
“You look incredible,” she whispered, pressing her body against his. “Were you punishing me by not calling this week?” 
He tried to laugh when he wanted to groan. He suspected this was her attempt to exact a little revenge of her own. “I wanted to, believe me. But I was trying to give you a little space to figure things out.” He touched a soft tendril of hair that had escaped her fancy up-do. “Besides, I was in Asia on business all week. The time difference would have made it difficult to connect, and I didn’t want to call and risk waking you. I knew you had a busy week.” 
She looked up at him through her lashes. “I was kind of distracted… thinking about you.” 
He grinned as his hand ran up the length of her bare back. “Now that’s what I like to hear.” 
“I guess we should get back out there.” She reached for the door handle, but he grabbed her wrist before she could turn the knob. 
“Not so fast. You wanna tell me what the hell he’s doing here?” 
Alisa flinched. “I didn’t invite him here, I swear. As far as I know, he just decided to crash the party.” 
“Well, we’ll just have to make it clear to him how we feel about party crashers now, won’t we?” 
She grabbed his arm. “Liam, please, don’t make a scene. Not here, not tonight.” 
“I wouldn’t ruin this night for you, sweetheart.” 
“Thanks,” she whispered, stroking his face. “And thanks for coming. It means a lot.” 
“You mean a lot… to me. Just remember that.” 
 

Liam was trying his best to keep a smile on his face as he circulated through the crowd, posed for pictures with Alisa, and met the people closest to her, but her ex-fiancé’s eyes bored holes into the back of his head all night. 
“You got a problem, man?” Liam asked finally, inching in beside him at the bar that had been arranged amidst the buffet tables upstairs. 
Nick leaned back against the bar, propping his elbows behind him. “Yeah, I do. You’re my problem.” 
Liam barely resisted the urge to wipe the smug grin off his face, but he was determined to honor his promise to Alisa. “This I gotta hear.” Liam swirled the scotch around in the bottom of his glass. “Let’s have it.” 
“You think I don’t know you’re tryin’ to take advantage of her?” he hissed, moving in closer. “You know she’s still reelin’ because of what happened between us and you’re tryin’ to move in.”
“What happened between you two? Ah right, you mean when you cheated on her.” He rolled his eyes. “Man, how a loser like you ever got a girl like Alisa is beyond me. Then you’re stupid enough to cheat on her…” He chuckled, trying to mask his rage. “Man, you’re even stupider than you look.” 
“Listen, I don’t know how the hell you got her to agree to this sham of a marriage in the first place, but it’s never gonna last. I intend to make sure of that.” 
His threat grated on Liam’s nerves, probably because the fear of losing her always lurked so close to the surface. “If you think you’ve got a chance in hell of getting her back, you’re delusional.” 
“I’m not the one deludin’ myself, buddy. You are. Me and Alisa have history. You guys have nothin’. You’re her rebound guy. Can’t you see that?” 
His barb couldn’t have pierced any deeper. Liam had asked himself a dozen times if she was just using him to get over her ex, but he wouldn’t know for sure until she found the courage to tell him the truth. “You really think she gives a shit about you? She stopped caring about you when she threw that ring back in your face.” Liam didn’t know exactly how the break-up had occurred, but he hoped his version resembled the truth. 
“Problem here, boys?” Trey asked, coming up behind them and slapping Liam on the back. 
Liam offered his hand. “How are you, Trey?” 
Trey smirked at Nick as he shook Liam’s hand. “I’m doin’ a hell of a lot better since you showed up. So’s my little girl, judgin’ by that smile on her face.” 
“Trey…” Nick said, looking uncomfortable. 
“I’m sorry, was I talkin’ to you?” he asked, looking at Nick like he was the foul-smelling mud he’d just scraped off the bottom of his boots. “’Cause I coulda sworn I was talkin’ to my son-in-law.” 
Nick’s jaw went slack. “You can’t tell me you approve of this marriage? You know she’s just usin’ him to get over me.” 
Trey threw his head back and howled with laughter, drawing curious stares from the guests surrounding them. “Man, you’ve got some ego.” He hooked a finger in Liam’s direction. “The day this guy plays second fiddle to you—” 
Liam listened to the exchange between the two men, in shock that Trey came to his defense. Not that he’d ever asked anyone to have his back, but knowing his new father-in-law seemed more than willing to step up when he needed an ally was nice. 
“Trey, don’t even waste your breath. Your daughter knows the deal. She’s tired of wasting her time with little boys who don’t seem to know a good thing when they have it. I can promise you, I won’t make that mistake, ever.” He pointed a finger at Nick. “I’m only gonna tell you this once: stay the hell away from my wife. If you call her or come near her again, you and I are gonna have big problems. You got me?” 
Nick looked from Trey to Liam before he shook his head and walked away. 
Trey grinned. “I like your style.” 
Liam chuckled before downing the rest of his drink. “I’m glad you approve.” 
“Not only that, but I saw the way my little girl’s face lit up when you walked in. You made her night.” 
“No, seeing her made my night.” 
“You gonna be able to stick around for a while? Sierra and I would love to have you over to the house. We’ll invite the family, a few close friends, you know, since you guys didn’t have a big wedding.” 
“I’d love that.” Liam didn’t know if Alisa would want him to stay in town beyond tonight, and he rarely took a weekend off, but getting to know his new in-laws was important to him, especially since he sensed his gorgeous wife may not be as anxious to be rid of him as she’d led him to believe last weekend. “Maybe tomorrow?” 
“Sounds like a plan. Tomorrow night, let’s do it.” 
“I’m looking forward to it, thanks.”




Chapter Thirteen 

Alisa was exhausted by the time she’d bid good night to her final guest, but the heated look her sexy husband shot her from across the room roused her faster than a double espresso. 
“I’d say you’re a hit, baby,” Liam said, pulling her into his arms. “I was so proud of you tonight.” 
His words warmed her from the top of her head to the tip of her toes. She hadn’t done something she was proud of in too long. “Thanks.” She tipped her head back to look at him, hoping he could read the affection in her eyes. She was falling for this man, deeper and deeper with every passing second. Any doubts she may have had the morning after their wedding vanished the minute he walked in the door. Just knowing that he disrupted his hectic schedule to hold her hand tonight meant everything. He was proving to be someone she could count on, and that was more than she’d ever been able to say about Nick. 
She knew the time for them to have that conversation was past due. “So, I noticed you talking to Nick tonight. What was that about?” 
He looked unsettled when he said, “Nothing for you to worry about.” 
“Come on, if this is gonna work, we have to be honest with each other.” 
He stared at her a long time before he asked, “Is that what you want… for this to work?” 
Putting herself out there and being vulnerable was a terrifying proposition, but not nearly as terrifying as the prospect of losing him and having to live with the knowledge that she could have made a different choice. “Do you?” 
“You can’t answer a question with a question.” He trailed a fingertip down the length of her nose, making her giggle. “That’s not fair.” 
“I think it may be possible.” She chewed on her bottom lip, forcing him to rescue it before she broke the skin. “But we have a long way to go before we figure out how to merge our lives. I mean, we live two thousand miles apart. You have a business and a daughter there, and I have a business and family here. It’s not like either one of us could pick up and move tomorrow.” 
He chuckled. “Sweetheart, money buys you the freedom to do anything you want.” 
It thrilled and terrified her that he would even consider uprooting his entire life just so they could be together. Nick wouldn’t even reschedule a radio interview so he could attend her birthday party. Damn it, she had to stop comparing these two men. Liam already proved to her in the short time she’d known him that he was nothing like Nick. Thank God. “What about your daughter? It’s not like you could ask her to leave behind her friends and family just to accommodate your new wife.” 
He heaved a sigh. “That’s a conversation for another day.” 
She sensed there was a story there, but they were getting ahead of themselves, talking about forever before they had even determined if they were compatible. “Do you have to head home tonight?” 
“No, in fact your father invited me to a dinner party at their house tomorrow night. Apparently, he’d like to introduce me to everyone, since we didn’t have a proper wedding.” 
Alisa couldn’t hide her shock as her mouth fell open. “Seriously? Oh my God. What the hell happened to my opinionated, overbearing, overprotective father?” 
“He realized you have me to take care of you now.” He grinned as she brushed a kiss across his cheek. “Honestly, we just kind of hit it off. Well, once he got over the urge to push me out of my fortieth-floor window.”
She smiled as she laid her head on his chest. How could anyone, even her father, deny this man’s appeal? Liam had worked the crowd tonight as though they’d been a couple forever, boasting about his beautiful and talented wife to anyone who would listen, deflecting comments about his own success so he didn’t overshadow her moment in the spotlight. “Having you here made this night…” Unforgettable. “Even better. Thanks again for coming.” 
“My pleasure.” He led her toward the door. “So, I guess I’ll head over to the hotel now. Can you meet me for breakfast in the morning?” 
She tried to suppress her frustration by telling herself he didn’t want to overstep the boundaries she’d created. “Um, I was kind of hoping for breakfast in bed.” Liam was the first man she ever propositioned, perhaps because he was the only man she couldn’t seem to get enough of. 
He pulled his phone out of his pocket when it buzzed. “That was a text from my driver. He wants to know if I’m ready.” 
She reached for his tie, fisting it in her hand. Apparently, he was determined to make her work for this. Not that she could blame him after the way she’d left him last time. “I drove here. Why don’t you tell your driver you already have a… ride?” She licked her lips as she let the innuendo hang in the air between them.
“Are you sure about this?” he asked, skimming his hands over her ribs. “I came here tonight to support you, not because I was trying to rush you into making a decision about us. You can take all the time you need, Alisa.” 
She wanted him to rush her, the way he had in Vegas, when she didn’t have time to think about the consequences of her actions. When she was so caught up in him… the heady flavor of his mouth, the sensation of his body fused with hers until she lost sight of where he ended and she began. “I want you tonight.”
He closed his eyes as he rested his forehead against hers. “Maybe we should hold off on this until you’re sure you want me every night, not just tonight.” 
She knew he was trying to shield his heart, she was too, but trying to pretend they weren’t dying to reconnect on a physical level was pointless. She’d been hungry to tear his clothes off since she felt the brand of his hand on her backside tonight, and he’d mercilessly stoked that fire with gentle caresses and intimate kisses for hours. 
“Please,” she whispered, flicking her tongue across the seal of his full, sensuous lips, “can we worry about tomorrow… tomorrow? I need you tonight.” 
He grinned. “It’s been a hell of a long time since someone made me an offer I couldn’t refuse.” He pulled his phone out of his pocket and she watched as his fingers flew over the keypad. “I gave the driver the rest of the night off. I’m all yours.” 
 

Liam followed Alisa into her modern, two-story townhouse. It was nicely decorated, with subtle feminine touches that reflected her personal taste without being too frilly. So different from his ostentatious estate house that often felt more like a museum than a home. 
She led him into the galley kitchen. “Can I get you a glass of wine?” 
“No, thanks, I’ve already had a few. That’s my limit.” 
Alisa fixed her elbows on the granite countertop behind her as she regarded him carefully. “Don’t you ever act on impulse… lose control?” 
He laughed as he removed his suit jacket and set it on a stool. “You of all people have to ask me that? You’re probably one of the few people who’s seen me give in to an impulse.” He undid the knot in his tie and slid it off. “What I did last weekend was so out of character for me, I sometimes have trouble believing I actually went through with it.” 
“Are you sorry you did?” When he didn’t respond right away, she asked, “Do you regret marrying me?” 
Liam promised himself that he would always be honest with her, even when the truth upset or offended her. He was hesitant only because he felt like they were finally making progress and he didn’t want to do anything to derail that. Seeing her again tonight only reaffirmed what he already knew… He wanted this woman to share his bed and his life. 
“I regret giving you the power to hurt me sometimes. I’ve never done that before, laid all of my cards on the table and forced myself to take a step back and let the other person decide on the course the relationship would take. It goes against my core beliefs about making things happen instead of waiting for them to happen.” He leaned back on the stool behind him and crossed his arms. “But I realize I can’t force this. Either you’re going to fall in love with me and decide you want to be my wife, or you’re not. It has to be your decision.”
She mirrored his actions, crossing her arms over her body, and he wondered if it was an unconscious effort to protect herself. “You get a say in this too, Liam. What if you get to know me better and decide I’m not the woman for you?” 
He already knew the chances of that happening were slim to none, but he wasn’t accustomed to groveling, and she had to put her heart on the line if they had a prayer of making this work. “I suppose anything can happen, sweetheart. There are no guarantees in life or love. We just have to take calculated risks and hope for the best.” 
“That’s what scares me,” she said quietly. “I look at you and…” She glanced at him before turning her attention back to the marble tiles under her feet. “I see a man any woman in her right mind would want as her husband. And I have to ask myself, why did you choose me?” 
“Aww, baby,” he said, taking a step forward. She’d kicked her high heels off when she walked in, so he had to crouch to look her in the eye. “I feel the same way when I look at you. You’re young and gorgeous, with your whole life ahead of you. I think, am I crazy, expecting this incredible woman to fall for a guy passing his prime, with a daughter to raise and a business that takes him all over the world?” 
A smile tugged at her lips. “We’re quite a pair, aren’t we?” 
He took her hands, encouraging her to step into his arms. He needed to touch her, to reassure her and himself that what they felt, the intense emotions they were starting to build on, was real. “Don’t you think everybody feels the same way when they’re starting a new relationship, sweetheart? There’s always gonna be that period of angst where you question whether putting yourself out there is a mistake, but eventually you have to decide whether the gamble is worth it. The alternative is to play it safe and wind up alone.” He started to pull the pins out of her hair, letting it fall in soft waves around her shoulders. “I don’t want to be alone anymore. Do you?” 
“No,” she whispered. “I don’t.” She tilted her head back to look at him. “But there’s still so much about this that seems impossible.” 
“We’ll figure it out. That is, if you want to?” 
“I think I do.” 
Those few words gave Liam a sense of peace he hadn’t felt since he sat down beside her on that airplane and the sight of her smile tipped his orderly world on its axis. He slid the thin strap of her dress over her shoulder as his mouth danced over the silky smooth skin teasing his lips. Her intoxicating scent mingled with the gentle pressure of her hands on his back, making him forget his promise to maintain his equilibrium tonight. 
“I need you,” she whispered, unbuttoning his shirt and pushing the fabric aside so she could press gentle kisses to his chest. “I kept thinking about you, wondering if I’d ever get the chance to do this again.” 
He seized her hand just as she reached for his belt. “I love the way this looks,” he said, pressing a kiss to the backside of the platinum bands adorning her finger before letting his tongue wander to the pulse point at her wrist. “It lets the world know you’re mine.” 
She moaned, forcing the hard length of his arousal into the soft curve of her stomach. “I think everyone already knows that, don’t you?” Her eyes were alight with mischief when she rolled her hips. “I took one of the most eligible bachelors in the world off the market. I think I heard a collective cry of mourning echo in my head when you said ‘I do.’” 
He slid the hidden zipper down the back of her dress and let the soft sheath of fabric fall to the floor at her feet. “I’d say those words again in a heartbeat.” He set a finger under her chin, tilting her head up to look him in the eye. “I don’t have a single regret about that.” 
“Are you sure?” she asked, sounding breathless. 
“Positive. If we hadn’t taken those vows, I wouldn’t be standing here right now. We would’ve gone back to our busy lives with no incentive to ever see each other again. You would’ve relegated me to the back of your mind, just a hot one night stand with some stranger.” He stabbed his fingers into her hair, holding her head between his hands. “I don’t want to let you forget me. Ever.” 
“Impossible.”
He groaned when he felt her working the front of his pants, cupping him, teasing and taunting him to within an inch of sanity before he even had his clothes off. In the past, sex was about the physical release for him, but suddenly, with this woman, it took on a whole new meaning. He wanted to show her how good it could be between them if she was willing to risk her heart on a sure thing. 
“Not here,” he murmured, holding her hand as he encouraged her to step out of the dress puddling at her feet. “I want to take you to bed.” He’d subtly monitored her alcohol intake tonight, and he knew she stopped after two glasses of wine. So there was no question in his mind it was her, not the liquid courage, asking him to take her tonight. 
She held his hand in hers as she led him up the stairs to a generous master suite at the end of the hall. 
His eyes fell on a hall console table crowded with framed photos of Alisa with friends and family. But one in particular caught his attention and killed his arousal faster than a blast of ice water. “What the hell is this?” he asked, picking up a photo of his latest nemesis holding the woman he loved in his arms. 
“Oh God,” she said, her face draining of color. “I, uh, didn’t even know that was still there.” She took the picture from him and his heart clenched when he saw a flicker of sorrow darken her eyes. “I keep pictures everywhere. I thought I’d gotten rid of all of these.” She cleared her throat. “I walk by this table every day, and I don’t even pay attention. My cleaning lady must have…” She let her words drift off when she saw the look in his eye. “Please don’t be angry about this.” 
He wasn’t angry. He was terrified that he was giving his heart to a woman who’d already given hers to someone else. Nick’s words filtered through his head, taunting him. “Are you still in love with him? Are you just using me to try and get over him, or to prove to him that you can attract someone like me?” 
A panic-stricken look crossed her face as she reached out to him. “No! How can you even ask me that?” 
“He was there tonight, wasn’t he?”
“Not because I invited him. He invited himself; I told you that.” 
“I noticed the flowers he sent you on the back counter.” He hated feeling this way—jealous, insecure, uncertain of his place in her life, despite the fact that she was wearing his ring and using his last name. He’d seen it on her business cards tonight. Alisa Bryson. At the time, it gave him hope, but with her cheating ex’s smiling mug staring him in the face, he had to question whether he was just kidding himself. 
“The party planner must have put them in a vase and left the card…” Her fingernails bit into his wrist. “I didn’t even notice them. You have to believe me.” 
“Don’t you think I want to? The card said he was looking forward to seeing you tonight. I thought you said you didn’t know he was coming?” Those words haunted him all night, especially after his conversation with Nick. He knew without a foundation of trust, he and Alisa had nothing, but how could he believe her ex was out of the picture when he was sending her flowers, calling, showing up to her parties, and she still had pictures of the two of them together decorating her home after so many months apart?
“I didn’t until I read the card, and by that time, it was too late to do anything about it. He knew that. I didn’t want him there—” 
“Yet you were talking to him when I came in. What was that about?” 
She ran a shaky hand through her mass of waves. “Do we really have to do this right now? We were just about to…” She gestured toward the bedroom. “Make love.” 
Looking at Alisa, wearing only a scrap of silk below the waist, was enough to drive every rational thought out of his head, but this was too important to let slide. “We tried that once before, remember? It didn’t solve our problems then, and I think it’s naïve to expect it will this time.” He took the first two steps, intent on leaving. She was right when she told them they needed more time to sort this out, and perhaps she needed more time to decide whether she was really over her ex. 
“Don’t go,” she whispered, reaching for his shoulders to pull him back against her naked torso. She slid her hands inside his open shirt as she dipped her tongue inside his ear. 
As quickly as his arousal had surrendered to an early demise, she stoked it again. Damn his traitorous body. He grabbed her wrist. “This is a bad idea.” 
She turned him toward her. 
He braced his knee on the step in front of him as he grabbed the hand railing. He needed something to hold on to, something other than her soft curves. 
Her full breasts were perfectly aligned with his mouth as she threaded her hands through his hair. “Please, don’t leave me like this.” 
There was no way he could leave with that kind of temptation staring him in the face. The rational part of his brain was still warning him to get the hell out of there while he could, but his body already belonged to her. He cupped her breasts in both his hands, kneading the plump flesh as his tongue flicked over her nipples, drawing them slowly into his mouth. 
“Liam…” His name sounded more like a soft plea as she held his head in place. “That feels so good. Oh… I…” 
He walked her backward toward the bedroom, cursing his weakness with every step he took. This woman was obviously destined to be his poison, the one thing he couldn’t resist, no matter how harmful she may be. “I hate that I let you do this to me,” he admitted, arching to kiss her neck. “I should be able to walk away, to…”
She was already tearing at his clothes, leaving a trail in their wake by the time she dropped to her knees in front of the bed. 
“No, hell no,” he muttered, grabbing her upper arms and flipping her onto her back on the bed. “You already have me where you want me, in your bed. Now it’s my turn.” He reached into the pocket of the pants lying on the floor, never taking his eyes off of her as he sheathed himself. He dipped a finger inside of her, not surprised that she was more than ready to take him. 
For him, last time was all about forging a bond with her, but this time, it would take all of his self-control to take her body without giving her any more of his heart. Every time he heard her ex’s name, it shredded him, knowing that he could be the warm body she needed to fill her bed until she decided to take the love of her life back. 
He’d give her what she needed physically, but until she could give him what he needed emotionally, this marriage was one of convenience, and he hated that. He never intended to fall in love with her, never intended to give her the weapon to destroy him, but he had, and he didn’t know how to retreat without putting some physical distance between them again. He kept telling himself he just needed some time to regroup. Once he returned home, to his daughter and his business, his life would resume as though Hurricane Alisa had never blown through. 




Chapter Fourteen 

A feeling of dread claimed Alisa as she felt him slide home. She was losing him; she could feel it. This was nothing like the last time they made love. It was almost as though he was holding back to punish her for making him feel too much. 
She knew she could only do or say one thing to get him back. “Look at me,” she said, seizing his chin. His eyes were glazed with arousal, but she feared he may already be too far gone. “I’m falling in love with you.” 
His violent thrusts slowed to a gentle slide as he stared into her eyes. “What did you say?” 
“You heard me. I’m falling in love with you.” 
He closed his eyes as he lowered his head, and she could tell he wanted to believe her, but he wasn’t ready to allow himself to surrender to hope. “Alisa, please—”
“What I felt for him was nothing compared to the way I feel about you.” She felt the hot burn of tears slide down her face and into her hairline, but she didn’t care about exposing herself to heartache anymore. If he left here tonight believing she was still in love with her ex, it would be the biggest regret of her life. She reached up to pull him down on top of her, needing the physical connection to prove to her that he wasn’t ready to give up on them yet. 
“This isn’t the time to—”
Alisa swallowed his protest by claiming his mouth as she felt the burgeoning evidence of his arousal filling her. She felt the shift, that second when she knew he was ready to believe her, and she could finally breathe again. 
He made love to her, slowly, thoroughly, with everything he had to give before they finally surrendered to the intensity of a climax that left them both speechless as they stared into each other’s eyes trying to make sense of what had happened. 
“I love you,” he whispered, kissing away the tears sliding down her cheeks. “No doubt in my mind. I don’t care what people say. I don’t care that it’s too soon to feel so much. Hell, I don’t even care that I’m giving you the power to ruin me…” 
She sobbed as she absorbed his heart-felt words. “I don’t want him.” It was suddenly imperative that she obliterate the biggest obstacle in their path to happiness. “I only want you. Please tell me you believe me.” 
“I do,” he said, kissing her shoulder. “I do.” 
“You’re in San Francisco and he’s here. I don’t want you to question what I’m thinking or how I’m feeling when we’re not together. It’s you I want to be with, not him.” She kissed his neck, ear, and jaw, before finally settling on his lips. 
“I believe you.” He slid off of her, pulling her on top of him so she partially covered his chest with her body as he stroked her hair. “I can’t promise you it’ll be easy to forget that he’s here with you while I’m not, but…” 
“I’ll call you every night,” she said, kissing his chest. She propped her chin on his chest and looked up at him. “To tell you I love you and I’m thinking of you. Just so you’ll know I’m not here with anyone else.” 
He winced. “Jesus, Alisa, I never questioned whether you’d be sleeping with someone else. I know you wouldn’t do that.” 
“I’m sorry.” It pained her to see the look of revulsion on his face. Nick Sinclair had already cost her so much. He wouldn’t cost her the best thing that had ever happened to her; she wouldn’t let him. “I shouldn’t have said that.” 
His fingertips trailed up and down her back. “It’s not exactly the visual a guy wants to hold on to when he’s two thousand miles away… his wife in bed with her ex.” 
“It’s never gonna happen. I would never do that to you.” 
“Do you still love him?” he asked quietly, running his fingers through her hair. “Just tell me the truth… Is there a part of you that still loves this guy?” 
“I thought he was my first love.” She threaded her hand through his. “But now, being here with you, it makes me wonder if what I felt for him was even love. It was never like this. What I feel for you is so… different.” 
He chuckled, the sound reverberating through her, making her smile. “Yeah, it’s definitely intense between us.” 
“Does that worry you?” 
“I don’t know. I guess a little.” He held their clasped hands out and the moonlight streaming through the window reflected against the shiny band on his finger. “But I know I sure as hell wouldn’t want to settle for less. I guess I was holding out, hoping to meet someone who would convince me, without a doubt, she was the woman I was meant to spend my life with.” He grinned. “I sat down beside you on that plane, and as soon as I saw you, this voice in my head kept saying, ‘She’s the one, stupid. Don’t let her get away.’” 
Alisa laughed, loving that he didn’t take himself too seriously or mind being the butt of his own jokes. “I never thought it could happen, that whole love at first sight thing. I mean, I’d heard about it happening to other people, but I never thought it would happen to me.” 
He trapped her leg between both of his. “What kind of guy did you imagine yourself ending up with?” 
“I don’t know.” She smiled, loving the feel of his strong arms wrapped around her as she settled into the peace of finally making a decision about her marriage. “I definitely didn’t think it would be someone like you.” She slid her hand over his chest and abdomen, enjoying the feel of the hard ridges of his abdominal muscles beneath her fingertips. 
“What’s that supposed to mean, someone like me?” 
“You’re strong, driven, successful, domineering…” She couldn’t help but laugh. “Kind of like someone else I know.” 
“If you’re comparing me to your father, don’t. I’m already sensitive about the age thing.” 
“Please,” she said, pulling back to look at him. “Tell me you’re not serious. I don’t care about that. Do you?” 
He shrugged. “I’m getting used to the idea.” 
“How does Abby feel about it?” 
“I heard her tell her girlfriend I had good taste in women.” He grinned. “So I think she’s okay with it.” He brought her hand to his lips and pressed a kiss to her palm. “Just give me a sec to get cleaned up, sweetheart. I’ll be right back.” 


After disposing of the condom and splashing cold water on his face, Liam sat on the edge of the tub and tried to focus on the simple task of breathing. The last time he’d let himself believe she was ready for a commitment, she wasn’t, and he was blindsided the next morning. He didn’t want that to happen again, but he couldn’t help but take a moment to imagine what their life could be like if she meant what she said. She was in love with him, not her ex, him. 
He smiled as he rubbed his hands over his face. The nagging voice in his head that he’d learned to despise told him she could pull the rug out from under him again at any moment and that he was a fool to get emotionally invested until they figured out how they were going to merge their lives, but after the week he had, he couldn’t help yielding to hope. She was giving him what he wanted, a chance, and he could grab it with both hands or continue to doubt her. He was determined to give her, and them, the benefit of the doubt. 
When he walked back into the bedroom, she had a huge grin on her face as her nose was buried in his pillow. “You caught me.” 
He laughed. “What are you doing?” 
“Trying to memorize your scent, so when we’re not together I’ll have no trouble remembering.” She fluffed the pillow she’d been mauling before patting the bed beside her. “I’m just being silly.” 
“No, you’re not.” He settled under the covers before pulling her into his arms. “We need to figure this out. Where we’re going to live, how we’re going to find time to be together.” 
She hid a yawn behind her hand. “I’m sorry. Do you think we could talk about this tomorrow night? I have to go into the store for a while during the day. It’s the first day we’re officially open for business and I want to be there to greet people, get a feel for what customers think of the place, ya know?” 
“Of course, I understand.” He kissed her forehead, trying to decide how to break the news that he had to leave town right after he left her parents’ house tomorrow night. “Um, sweetheart, listen, I’ve got a charity golf tournament in Houston on Sunday, so I’m gonna have to fly out tomorrow night.”
“Oh.” She was clearly trying to hide her disappointment. “I just thought we’d have the weekend together.” 
“If there’s any way I could get out of it, I would. But Bryson’s is making a sizeable donation, and well, this charity is pretty important to me. I hope you understand?” Nothing was more important to him than Alisa, aside from his daughter, but he couldn’t ignore the fact that he ran a huge corporation and people counted on him to keep his word. He couldn’t shirk his responsibilities just because he fell in love with a woman who lived in another state. 
“Um, yeah, sure. We’ll reconnect again… soon. Right?” 
Liam closed his eyes, trying to battle his mounting frustration. Alisa deserved better than a part-time husband, but he didn’t know how to give it to her. He could give her anything she wanted—lavish houses, cars, jewelry, or clothes—but he couldn’t give her the one thing she seemed to want even more… time with him. “Baby, you have to know how much I want to be with you. Hell, if I had my way, you’d be sharing my bed every night, but—” 
She pressed her fingertips against his lips. “It’s okay, you don’t have to explain. I knew how hectic your life was going into this. But, what about Abby? How do you find time for her?” 
How could he tell her that he tried to squeeze in quality time with his daughter on the weekend, given the fact that may be the only hope they had of seeing each other? “We, uh, usually try to fit in brunch on Saturday or Sunday, you know, just to catch up. Mrs. Foster tries to hold dinner for me when I’m in town, but it doesn’t always work out. Between the business dinners and charity events, I’m not home as much as I’d like to be.”
“I’m sorry,” she said quietly, rolling onto her back. “I’m taking you away from your daughter now, aren’t I?” 
“No, she’s spending the weekend with a girlfriend at their weekend home.” 
“Oh, that’s good,” she said, burrowing under the duvet. “I’d hate to think I was robbing her of the precious little time she has with you.” She rolled onto her side to face him. “I remember what that was like, when I was younger, wanting more time with my dad, but he always had somewhere else to be.”
Liam wanted to defend himself, to tell her that he was the best father he knew how to be, but he sensed she needed to relive her own childhood memories before she’d be ready to listen to his story. “That must have been difficult.” 
She nodded. “It was. Don’t get me wrong; my dad was great. He was always there for me when it counted, and I know he would have been to all the dance recitals and school concerts and all that stuff if he could have, but he couldn’t. And neither can you, right?” 
Her accusation hit him hard, because he knew it was true. His mother and brother were always there to be Abby’s familiar faces in the crowd, but sometimes he had to be halfway around the world and miss out on the big moments in his daughter’s life, and he hated that. “No, I can’t always be there. I wish I could, but I can’t.” 
“Do you always bring her some pretty little exotic trinket to try and smooth things over?” She smiled. “My dad used to do that a lot. I had quite a collection by the time I was too old to care.” 
“Jesus, Alisa,” he said, sitting up to rake his hands through his hair. “Like I didn’t feel guilty enough already.” 
“I’m sorry,” she said, sitting up beside him to stroke his back. “I didn’t mean to make you feel bad. I just want you to realize that there aren’t enough hours in the day for the first love of your life. How are you going to fit me into that equation?” 
“Don’t say that,” he said, trying to ignore the tightening in his chest. “Damn it, I’ll find a way. When I want something as much as I want you, I’ve never let anything stand in my way.” 
She shook her head as she propped her elbows on her knees. “You’re only one man, Liam. You can’t create more hours in a day just so you can spread yourself a little bit thinner.”
He suddenly felt nauseous. “We’ll find a way to make this work, baby. You’ve just got to give me some time to sort it all out.” 
“Bryson’s can only have one CEO, and you’re it. It’s not like you can clone yourself. No one knows that business the way you do, and no one loves it as much as you do. Your daughter understands that and so do I. That’s why we’d never ask you to choose, because you do love it, and you’ve spent your life building it.” 
He couldn’t argue with her logic. Of course she was right. Bryson’s was his other baby. Thousands of families counted on him for their livelihoods and he wouldn’t let them down, no matter how much the sacrifice cost him. “Come to Barbados with me next weekend.” He needed her to know they could find a way to make it work. Mentally, he started rescheduling meetings and dinners to accommodate the trip. It was the only way to make her understand that she, too, was a priority in his life. 
“What about Abby?” 
“We’ll bring her along. It’ll give you two a chance to get to know each other.” He knew they would hit it off once they spent some time together. His daughter just wanted him to be happy, and Alisa already knew that his little girl was his everything. 
“Won’t it be awkward for her, being there with just the two of us?” She held her hand up to ward him off when he started to speak. “I mean, I’d love to have her join us, but I don’t want her to be uncomfortable.” 
“You know what? We’ll invite my brother, Matt, and his wife, Tracey, too. They have a son a little older than Abby and a daughter the same age. They can hang out together. What do you say?” 
She grinned. “Okay, that sounds like fun.” 
He breathed a sigh of relief as he pulled her into his arms. “I know this isn’t the answer to our problems.” 
“No,” she whispered, “it isn’t.” 
“But it’s a start. Right?” 
She burrowed into his arms and pulled the covers up to her chin. “I’ll take it.” 
Liam waited until she fell asleep before he slipped out of bed to get his Blackberry. He opened his calendar and winced when he saw his schedule for next weekend. He had two hours for Abby carved out on Sunday morning, but beyond that, every minute was accounted for. He was used to working seven days a week. What he wasn’t used to was having a wife who had the right to expect her fair share of his limited time. 
He tipped his head back to look at the ceiling. “How the hell am I gonna make this work?” 




Chapter Fifteen 

Alisa wasn’t surprised when they walked into her childhood home and discovered a large crowd of family and friends awaiting their arrival. Her parents didn’t believe in half-measures, and the caterers’ lavish buffet tables, uniformed wait staff, and impressive floral bouquets were evidence of that. 
When Liam claimed he and her father had hit it off, he clearly wasn’t overstating. Alisa knew her father wouldn’t go to so much trouble to officially welcome Liam to their family if he had any reservations about his new son-in-law. 
“There they are,” Alisa’s nana said, drawing her granddaughter into a warm embrace. “It’s been too long since Grandad and I have seen you, young lady,” she said, pointing a finger at her. 
Even when her grandparents were scolding her, Alisa always felt the depth of their love and affection. “I’m so sorry,” she said, pressing a kiss to her grandmother’s faintly lined cheek. “There’s no excuse for my bad behavior. Forgive me?”
“Forgiven,” she said, laughing, as she pat her back. “Well, well,” she said, extending both hands to Liam. “And this must be your handsome new husband.” She winked at Alisa. “He’s even more striking in person than he was in those pictures we saw of him online.”
“For God’s sake, Elaine, you didn’t have to tell the boy we were readin’ up on him,” Jared Turner said, rolling his eyes at his granddaughter. 
“What kind of grandparents would we be if we didn’t check out the boy who swept our princess off her feet?” She pressed a kiss to Liam’s cheek before she turned the wagging finger on him. “But a quickie wedding in Vegas? Our girl deserved better than that.”
“I couldn’t agree more, ma’am,” Liam said, giving her an indulgent smile. “And I promise to make up for it. Maybe I’ll fly everyone out to my…” He cleared his throat before smiling at his bride. “Excuse me, our home in Barbados and we’ll renew our vows on the beach, in front of our family and friends.”
Jared chuckled as he reached for Liam’s outstretched hand. “I love Bridgetown. You can count me in. Jared Turner.” He crooked a thumb toward his wife. “And this here’s Elaine.”
“Mr. and Mrs. Turner, it’s a real pleasure. I was looking so forward to meeting you after all the wonderful things Alisa told me about both of you.” 
Alisa watched the exchange between her grandparents and husband with pride. Liam had an incredible ability to put people at ease and gain their trust. Which explained how he had convinced her to marry him. Not that she needed much encouragement, and every moment she spent with him reaffirmed what she already knew: marrying him would go down as one of the best decisions she ever made. 
Jared released Liam’s hand and gave Alisa a one-armed hug. “It sure is good to see that pretty smile back on your face, darlin’. It’s been too long.” 
Alisa leaned her head on her grandfather’s strong shoulder. Both of her grandparents had supported her during the break-up and they never hesitated to run interference with her father when he didn’t agree with some of the decisions she made. They routinely reminded him that he was Alisa’s age once, and they hadn’t tried to prevent him from making mistakes or growing up. She knew no matter what happened, she would always have strong allies in them. 
“I am happy, Grandad. Happier than I’ve been in a long, long time.” 
He squeezed her shoulder as he kissed the top of her head. “Now that’s what I like to hear.” He smiled at Liam. “Anyone who can make my girl this happy is all right in my books.” 
Liam gave Alisa that intimate smile that she’d learned he reserved for her alone. “It works both ways, sir. In the short time I’ve known her, your granddaughter has changed my life, made me re-evaluate what’s important.” 
Elaine slipped an arm around Liam’s waist. “That’s what love’ll do for you, my dear. Help you realize that there’s more to life than makin’ money.” 
Liam laughed. “Who would have thought?” 
“Tell us about your beautiful daughter,” Elaine said. “Abby, isn’t it?” 
Alisa realized her grandparents must have been doing their homework if they knew about her new stepdaughter. 
“Yes, ma’am.” Liam reached into his pocket to retrieve his phone. He handed it to Elaine. “She’s the other love of my life.” 
Alisa’s heart expanded with the satisfaction of knowing that he wasn’t trying to safeguard his heart anymore. He felt as she did, they were both all in, and no matter how difficult it may be to synchronize their busy lives, they were determined to find a way because being apart was no longer an option. 
“Oh my, isn’t she a pretty little thing?” Elaine pressed a hand to her cheek. “You know, she reminds me a lot of Alisa at that age, except for the coloring, of course. It’s obvious the camera loves her.” She passed Liam’s phone to her husband. “Look at that, Jared. Isn’t she a beautiful girl?” 
He lowered his silver-framed glasses to get a better look at the image. “She certainly is.” He smiled at Liam as he handed the phone back to him. “You must be very proud of her.” 
“I am, sir.” 
“Well, we can’t wait to meet her,” Elaine said. “When do you think you’ll be able to bring her out?” 
Liam glanced at Alisa. “Um, I’m not sure. Soon, I hope.” 
“Does she like to ride horses?” Jared asked, sliding a hand into the pocket of his dress pants. 
“I can’t say she’s ever been riding,” Liam said. 
“Well, we’re gonna have to do somethin’ about that,” Jared said. “You bring her out to our ranch anytime; we’ll show her how it’s done.” He patted Alisa’s back. “Couldn’t get this one off her horse at that age.” 
“Is that so?” Liam asked, grinning at Alisa. “I’d love to see her ride sometime.”
Alisa’s face flushed when she thought of last night, but she wouldn’t give him the satisfaction of rattling her in front of her grandparents. “Maybe I can arrange that sooner rather than later, Mr. Bryson.” 
He raised an eyebrow as he responded, tongue in cheek, “I look forward to it, Mrs. Bryson.” 
Alisa quickly realized she would never tire of hearing him call her that. She’d hesitated to use her married name on her new business cards, but when the printer called about her order, she knew she had to prove to Liam that she was willing to meet him halfway if she wanted this marriage to work. 
“Well,” Jared said, slapping Liam on the back, “it sure was nice meetin’ you, son. I hope we’ll be seein’ a lot more of you.” 
“You can count on it, sir,” Liam said, shaking his hand. 
“Does that mean you’ll be moving to Nashville?” Elaine asked, looking hopeful. 
Alisa knew it would make more sense for her to move, especially if her business was a success. Her expansion plans included branching out to another major city within a year, and San Francisco would be an excellent option, but leaving her family would be difficult. After spending so many years away at school, she’d realized that Nashville was the only place she wanted to call home. But if she had to choose between her husband and her hometown, Liam was the obvious choice. 
“We’re still working that out, Mrs. Turner,” Liam said, casting a quick glance at Alisa. “Hopefully we’ll be able to figure it out soon.” 
“Wouldn’t be easy for you to make the move,” Jared said, brushing a hand over his thick shock of white hair. “Your business is in San Francisco, right?” 
“To be honest, my business takes me all over the world.” 
Elaine reached out for her granddaughter’s hand. “I know it’s none of my business, but I sure would hate to think of you living there all alone, without your friends and family to lean on, especially since Liam’s gone so much.”
Liam suddenly looked ill at ease for the first time since he walked in. “I wouldn’t ask your granddaughter to do anything that made her uncomfortable. That, I can assure you.” 
Elaine smiled as she reached for Liam’s hand with her free hand. “I know that, honey.” Her bright eyes shone as she smiled at Alisa. “It’s just that this girl is so special to me, to both of us. It’s difficult to imagine her not bein’ around all the time. When she was away at school, we missed her somethin’ fierce, but at least she came home for all the holidays. This way, she’d be gone for good.” 
“I do have a private jet,” Liam said, quietly. “It certainly makes impromptu trips easier, and I’d be happy to have my pilot pick you up whenever you felt like visiting.” 
Alisa felt the cold grip of fear begin to take hold as she began to realize Liam expected her to make the move to San Francisco. Obviously, in his mind, that was the only way for them to be together. Of course, she’d considered the possibility, and she was prepared to follow through if that was their only option, but living in a strange city, without her family and friends, with a husband who traveled more than he was home was a daunting prospect. 
“I think we’re getting ahead of ourselves,” Alisa said, squeezing her grandmother’s hand. “Liam and I haven’t even discussed the possibility of me moving.” 
He shot her a curious glance. “Um, no, we haven’t discussed it, but…” 
That single word hung in the air until they all looked at each other awkwardly, waiting for someone to break the silence. 
“Well,” Jared said, finally. “Whatever y’all decide, your grandmother and I’ll support your decision. Won’t we, Elaine?” 
Elaine’s eyes traveled back and forth between Liam and Alisa. She was a very intuitive woman, and the tension between the newlyweds was obvious. “Of course we will.” She reached for her husband’s hand. “Why don’t we give these kids a few minutes alone?” 
“Sounds like a plan,” Jared muttered, heading off in the direction of the buffet tables. 
“I think this is something we need to discuss in private,” Alisa said, taking his hand to lead him out to the pool area. It wasn’t easy to make a quick getaway when everyone was anxious to offer their congratulations, but Alisa was determined. 
Once they’d wandered far enough from the house to ensure some privacy, Liam gently pulled on her hand, forcing her to stop. “Sweetheart, I don’t want to upset you, especially not tonight. Maybe we should table this conversation until next weekend, when we have more time to discuss our options.” 
Alisa didn’t want to argue with him, especially since he was flying out in a few hours, but she needed to let him know how she felt. She ran her hands over his chest. “I meant it when I said I love you, Liam. I want to be with you. We’re married now, so obviously one of us has to be willing to make the move.” She sighed. “I realize I’m the logical choice, given your commitment to your business, but I have responsibilities here, too.” 
“I understand that.” He kissed her tenderly. “I wouldn’t want to do anything that would make you unhappy. I know how much your family means to you and how hard you’ve had to work to start this new business.” He brushed her hair off her shoulders. “No one knows better than I do how demanding that can be. Most new businesses succeed or fail within the first year…” 
She couldn’t help but feel defensive when he reminded her of the depressing statistics. “I have no intention of failing.” She crossed her arms. “So, if that’s what you’re hoping will happen—”
“Stop,” he said, leaning in to kiss her. “I’ll do anything and everything I can to help you succeed. I may not know a lot about fashion, but I do know a lot about business, and that could serve you well. If you’re willing to accept my help.” 
She slipped her arms around his waist and leaned her head on his chest. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to snap at you.”
“I understand. A hell of a lot has happened in a short period of time. It’ll take us some time to adjust to all these changes.” 
“I want this marriage, and I want you. Don’t ever doubt that.” No matter what happened, she wanted him to leave here tonight knowing she was committed to making this work.
Liam locked his hands behind her neck. “I’m glad to hear you say that. When I flew in last night, I didn’t know what to expect.” He chuckled. “To be honest, I was just hoping you wouldn’t be angry that I’d crashed your party. We’ve already come so much further than I ever expected to, in terms of making decisions about the future. We know the most important thing: that we want to be together. The rest will work itself out. I’m not worried, are you?” 
As long as she had him in her life, she felt confident she could face any challenge. He gave her an inner strength and peace she hadn’t even known she could possess. Until she met him, her life had been a series of forks in the road that seemed to lead nowhere. Now, her destination seemed so clear. She was meant to be with him. “I’m not worried.”
“Good.” He leaned in to kiss her when Trey opened the French door in the kitchen. 
“Okay, you two, get your butts back in here. You’re not allowed to bail on your own party.” 
Liam laughed and raised his hand. “We’ll be right there, Trey.” He brushed his lips back and forth over hers as he gripped her hips. “Next weekend can’t get here soon enough.” 
“My sentiments exactly.” 
 

Liam was pulled in a dozen different directions as everyone who cared about Alisa wanted to know more about him. The CEO of Titan Records, Luc Spencer, finally cornered him by the bar. 
“So,” Luc said, handing Liam a scotch. “Everyone knows you’re in the hotel business, never been married, have a daughter, give a good amount of money to charity…” He sized him up with one shrewd glance. “Tell me something the background check didn’t.” 
Liam tried not to choke on Luc’s words as he swallowed the scotch. “I expected Trey to give me a hard time, but you too, huh?” 
Luc smiled, but he obviously wasn’t amused. “I love Alisa like she was my own daughter, so when she leaves for Vegas on a business trip and comes back married to a guy twenty years older, you better believe I’m gonna have questions.” 
“Fair enough,” Liam said, leaning an elbow on the bar. He dealt with men like Luc every day, and he’d learned a long time ago how to win these battles. “Ask me anything you want.” 
“Why haven’t you ever been married?” 
“I have some trust issues, and I’m a workaholic.” He smiled at Luc over the rim of his crystal glass. “Is that reason enough?” 
Luc tipped his head to the side. “You say you have trust issues, yet Alisa tells me you didn’t ask her to sign a prenup. Why?” 
“I trust her.” 
“That’s stupid. You don’t even know her.” 
Liam grinned. He liked this man. He was used to people standing on ceremony with him because of his money and perceived power. The fact that Luc was also successful gave them the freedom to be straight with one another. “Like you, Luc, I’ve learned to trust my gut. We wouldn’t be able to build our businesses if we didn’t trust our instincts. I always knew when or if I met the right woman, I’d know instinctively that she was the one. I’m not prone to making stupid mistakes.” He glanced at his wife, who was entertaining two small children across the room. “Marrying a woman I wasn’t sure about without benefit of a prenup would have been stupid.” 
“You’re tellin’ me,” Luc said, bringing his glass to his lips. 
“So, that should tell you one thing. I don’t intend to divorce Alisa, nor do I intend to let her divorce me.” 
Luc frowned. “What the hell does that mean? You can’t force her to stay married to you if she doesn’t want to.” 
Liam laughed. “I met your lovely wife earlier. If Marisa wanted to divorce you, would you let her?” 
“Hell, no!” 
“My point exactly. I realize I can’t force Alisa to stay married to me, but I can give her every reason to want to stay married to me.” 
Luc sneered. “You can give her material things, but that’s not gonna be enough to keep a girl like Alisa satisfied for long, you need to know that.” 
“I wasn’t talking about material things. I knew if I ever got married, it would be once, and only once, which is why it took me so long to make that decision.” He smiled when he caught sight of Alisa dancing with a pretty little five-year-old girl with dark ringlets and big blue eyes. “I can show her how much I love her every day, support her in every way, prove to her that she can trust me and count on me, be her best friend, lover, and her shoulder to cry on. I think if I do all that, the fancy houses and trips around the world will just be the icing on the cake, don’t you?” 
Luc laughed out loud, drawing the attention of the few people standing around them. “Damn, Trey was right about you. You’re a straight shooter, and I like that. What’s more, I respect it.” He raised his glass. “I wish you and Alisa a lifetime of happiness, Liam.” 
“Thanks,” Liam said, tipping his glass against Luc’s. “That means a lot.” He turned toward the bar, away from the other guests, prompting Luc to follow suit. “So, this Nick Sinclair, he’s with your label, right?” 
Luc scowled. “For the time being. I hate what he did to Alisa. If I’d known what a worthless piece of shit he was, I never would’ve signed him.” 
“He makes you a lot of money though, right?”
“Why the hell do you think I’m keepin’ him around?” Luc smirked. “If he was dead weight, I would’ve taken pleasure in cutting him loose. I talked to both Trey and Alisa about it, and they know keepin’ him on was just a business decision.” 
“I can respect that,” Liam said, quietly. “Since you were so curious about me, I have to assume you know everything there is to know about that guy.” 
Luc raised an eyebrow. “What do you want to know?” 
“For starters, what’s it gonna take to get him to leave my wife alone?” 
Luc chuckled. “I wish I knew. I’ve told him. Trey’s told him; he just doesn’t wanna back down. He seems to think she’ll give him another chance someday.” 
Liam hated that he felt the need to ask, but Luc probably knew Nick better than anyone else in this room. “You think she would have, if she hadn’t met me?” 
“Nah, I think she was done with him as soon as she found out he cheated on her. That’s one thing Alisa won’t tolerate. Can’t say as I blame her. That one was always a deal breaker for me, too.” 
“Yeah,” Liam said, turning back to the crowd. “Without trust and loyalty, you have nothing.” If only he could get over the nagging feeling that Nick Sinclair hadn’t played his last card. 




Chapter Sixteen 

Liam had been counting down the hours until Alisa’s arrival. His family had flown in together from San Francisco, but when he offered to have the jet pick Alisa up in Nashville, she insisted on flying in on her own. She said she didn’t want to inconvenience anyone. What she didn’t realize was that life as Mrs. Liam Bryson afforded her some serious perks, and he intended to make sure she got used to enjoying them. 
“You seem nervous,” Abby said, spraying sunscreen on her legs before stretching out on the lounger beside him. 
“I guess I am.” He propped his sunglasses up on his head as he stared out at the ocean. “It’s not every day I introduce my daughter to my new wife.” 
She reached across the space between their chairs. “Don’t worry, Dad. It’ll be cool.” 
He loved that his daughter was more carefree than he’d been at her age. He must have given her a sense of peace knowing that he’d always be there to take care of her. “It means a lot to me that you’re willing to give Alisa a chance, honey.”
“That means you’ll have to do the same when it’s my turn to start bringin’ guys home, right?”
Liam cringed just thinking about. He knew that day would be here long before he was ready. “Don’t count on it.”
She pouted, looking utterly adorable. No question about it, she knew she had her daddy wrapped around her little finger. “Hey, that’s not fair.”
“Sometimes life isn’t fair, princess. As your father, I reserve the right to give your boyfriends a hard time. In fact, I consider it my job.”
She sighed dramatically. “I kind of expected that from you.” She stuck her tongue out at him. “Control freak.” 
He picked up the bottle of water by his chair, removed the cap, and spewed a generous amount in her direction. 
“Hey!” she squealed, reaching for her towel to dab her wet face. “I just applied sunscreen.”
“Good thing it’s waterproof, then.” He laughed at her haughty attitude, knowing she’d forgive him in a nanosecond. That’s the kind of relationship they had… She always reminded him to laugh when everything else in his life brought him down. 
“Speaking of overprotective fathers, did Trey Turner give you a hard time?”
Liam shrugged as he watched a cruiser navigating the waves in the distance. “Nothing I couldn’t handle.”
Abby frowned. “If he’s got a problem with you marrying his daughter, I’d be happy to tell him that he’s lucky you chose her. She could spend the rest of her life looking, but she’d never find a better guy than you. And I’m not just saying that because you’re my dad.”
Moments like these, Liam realized his daughter was growing up. She wasn’t a baby who needed to be protected from the harsh realities of a cruel world anymore. His job as a parent would soon change, as he had to learn how to step back and let his little girl make her own choices. He trusted her, and he knew she was too smart to get caught in most of the common teenage traps, but he knew he’d never stop worrying about her. Just as Trey still worried about his grown daughter getting hurt. 
“Thanks for saying that, baby. Knowing you feel that way about your old man means more than anyone else’s opinion.”
“Even Alisa’s?”
He tipped his head to the side, trying to determine if a hint of resentment lurked beneath the surface of that question. It had always been just the two of them. Of course, he’d had women in his life, but he was careful not to bring them into his daughter’s world. “Alisa’s my wife, hon. Of course her opinion matters to me. A lot. Does that bother you?”
“No.” She watched one of their neighbors, a sun-kissed blond teenager, command his surfboard. “I’m glad you found someone. I hate to think of you spending the rest of your life alone. It won’t be long before I’m out of the house—”
Liam groaned. “Don’t remind me.”
She giggled. “It would be even sooner if you let me go to that art school in New York.”
“Abby…” Liam said, using the tone that cautioned her against pushing her luck. “You know how I feel about that. You’re too young to live in some strange city on your own.”
She propped her oversized sunglasses up on her head and rolled her eyes. “Dad, I’d live in residence with all the other kids. They have dorm monitors to keep an eye on us, besides—”
He held his hand up to halt her argument. “We’ve already discussed this. You’re not ready.”
“Maybe you’re the one who’s not ready to let me go,” she said, crossing her arms. 
“Maybe you’re right,” he said quietly. He drew a deep breath. “I know you’ll be going off to college in a few years, baby, and I want you to have that experience. Those years were some of the best of my life. But we only have a short time left before that day comes, and I’m just not ready to let you go. I’m sorry if that sounds selfish or you think I’m being unfair, but as your father, I’m the one who has to decide what’s best for you.”
“You think you’ll have any more kids with her?”
Liam was still getting used to the idea of being married. The thought of having more children hadn’t even entered his mind. “I don’t know. Would it bother you if we did?”
“No.” She waved a hand to the boy who’d captured her attention, and Liam realized she probably had a crush on the boy she used to build sand castles with. He’d have to keep a closer eye on them to make sure it didn’t evolve into something neither one of them was ready for. “I think it would be good for you.” She smiled. “Maybe if you had another kid, you’d give me a little breathing room.” 
“You think I smother you?” 
“I’m just teasing,” she said, reaching for his hand. “Listen, I’ve wanted you to find someone for a long time now.” She shrugged. “Having another girl around the house sometimes will be nice. I mean, you’re great, don’t get me wrong, and I love Nana and Mrs. Foster, but sometimes it would be cool to have someone younger to talk to. Someone who wasn’t a teenager when Elvis was the king.” 
Liam laughed. “Elvis will always be the king.” 
“Dad, I’m serious.” 
“What about your Aunt Tracey? You know you can always go to her if you have a problem.” 
“I know, but she’s Mel’s mom, and sometimes Melanie’s part of the problem.” 
“What do you mean? I thought you and your cousin got along great.” 
“We do, but…” 
This was the first Liam had heard about animosity between the girls, and he couldn’t help but wonder if he was missing out on other things because his business took him away from home so much. “But what?” When she hesitated, he said, “You know you can tell me anything, honey.” 
“Melanie’s pretty interested in boys. I mean… really interested, and she’s gone a lot further than I have. Sometimes I feel like such a baby compared to her.” 
Liam felt the hard fist of shock hit him in the stomach. His baby was suddenly interested in pursuing a physical relationship with boys? He was so not ready for this, and he didn’t know what to say to ensure she wouldn’t even consider taking the next step until she was much, much older. 
“Hi there.”
Liam looked up and a wave of relief washed over him when he saw his wife. He would talk to Alisa and get her take on this. It wasn’t so long ago she’d been a teen, and he was anxious to know how her parents handled this delicate issue with her. “Hey, sweetheart,” he said, getting up off his lounge chair. “It’s great to see you.” 
She reached out to give him a hug before casting a glance at Abby. “I hope I’m not interrupting anything?” 
“No, of course not. We were just catching up.” In fact, she couldn’t have come at a better time. If ever he’d needed to be rescued, now was the time. “How was your flight?” 
“Good.” 
“I wish you’d let me send the plane. It was crazy for you to fly commercial when you didn’t have to.” 
She laughed. “I’ve been flying commercial all my life. It’s no big deal.” 
“Um, Alisa, this is my daughter Abigail,” he said, gesturing toward the teen. 
She rolled her eyes as she eased forward on the lounger to offer Alisa her hand. “It’s Abby, not Abigail.” 
Alisa laughed as she shook Abby’s hand. “I’ll remember that.” She reached into the oversized handbag she was carrying over her shoulder. “I brought something for you, Abby.” She extracted a small white box and handed it to the girl. “One of the jewelry designers whose merchandise I carry in my store brought it in yesterday, and I thought it would look fabulous with your coloring.” 
Abby opened the box and gasped when she saw the handmade amethyst and aqua pendant hanging from the delicate white gold chain. “Oh wow, this is amazing.” She ran a hand over the gemstones before looking up at Alisa. “Seriously, that was really nice of you. Thanks.” 
“My pleasure. I’m glad you like it.” Alisa gestured to her bag. “Actually, I was hoping you could do me a favor… if you have some time this weekend?” 
“Sure. What is it?” 
“I’m considering a teen line for my store, and I brought along pictures of some of the things I like. I was hoping you could give me your opinion. Your cousin Melanie, too. I mean, I think I know what teens like, but having your input would give me a lot more confidence in my buying decisions.” 
“Hey, that’d be cool.” She smiled. “My dad’ll tell you how much I love clothes.” 
Liam chuckled. “I’ve had to knock out a wall so we could enlarge her closet.” 
Alisa propped a hand on her hip. “Liam, a girl can never have too much closet space.” She winked at Abby. “Isn’t that right?” 
Abby grinned as she stood up. “Oh, I’m gonna like her, Dad.” She took the necklace out of the box and handed it to her stepmother. “Would you mind putting this on for me? My dad’s kinda clumsy when it comes to stuff like this.” 
Alisa giggled. “Most men are.” She fastened the clasp with practiced ease and set Abby’s long dark hair over her shoulders. “Let me see.” 
Abby turned to face her, proudly showing off her new jewelry. “What do you think?” 
“I think it’s perfect.” 
“Thanks, I think so, too.” She surprised Liam by giving Alisa a quick hug before turning her attention to him. “Dad, can I go say hi to Colin?” 
Colin was their neighbors’ son. The boy trying to show off on his surfboard, no doubt to impress Abby. “Um, I don’t know. I thought we’d eat in a bit.” 
Alisa reached for his hand. “I’d love to take a walk on the beach. If that’s okay with you?” 
Liam realized his wife was trying to form an alliance with his daughter, and he appreciated her effort. “Sure, but no more than half an hour, Abby. And stay outside, please.”
“Sure,” she said, grabbing her towel before running down the length of the private beach toward their neighbors’ house. 
“God help me,” Liam said, tilting his head back to look up at the sky. “I’m so not ready for this.” 
“You’re not ready for what?” Alisa asked, winding her arms around his waist. 
“I’m not ready for my little girl to grow up.” 
Alisa laughed. “I’m twenty-six tomorrow and my dad’s still not ready to let me grow up.” 
Liam frowned. “Your birthday’s tomorrow?” He cursed himself for not knowing such an important fact. But they had yet to learn so many things about each other. 
She shrugged. “Yeah, but it’s no big deal. I don’t want you to—”
He spared a glance down the beach to make sure his daughter was preoccupied before he skimmed his wife’s lips with his tongue. Groaning, he drew her closer before ravishing her mouth. “You better believe it’s a big deal, Mrs. Bryson. I intend to make sure this will be one birthday you never forget.” 


Alisa hadn’t intended to tell Liam about her birthday because she knew he’d never let it pass without fanfare, but being here with him and his family was the only thing she needed to make her birthday memorable. She’d had the fancy parties and lavish gifts before. What she’d never had was the opportunity to watch a stunning sunset over the ocean with the love of her life by her side. That was the part she was most looking forward to. 
Day stretched into evening as Alisa got to know her new brother-in-law, sister-in-law, niece, and nephew. It was easier than she’d expected, and they welcomed her into the fold as though she was always a part of their lives. The best part was watching her stepdaughter crushing on the boy next door. Liam reluctantly invited Colin to dinner, after Abby invested half an hour begging him, but he kept one eye on them and the other on the grill most of the evening. 
Alisa laughed as she watched Liam refill her wine glass. “You can relax now. Colin’s gone home and Abby’s in her bedroom listening to music.” 
“Thank God,” he muttered, sinking into the chair beside her. 
They were alone, everyone had gone off in their own direction after dinner, and it was their first opportunity to talk about what was obviously bothering him. “Do you want to talk about it?” she asked, reaching for his hand. 
Liam propped his feet up on the footrest and tipped his head back to watch the stars that were beginning to dot the night sky. “My little girl’s growing up. I don’t think I realized that until today.” He sighed. “Seeing the way she embraced you and watching her with that boy…” He shuddered. “God, I expected to have more time to figure things out, you know?” 
She squeezed his hand. “Obviously, I’m not a parent, but I don’t think you’re ever ready to let your baby go.” 
He turned his head to look at her. “Would you like to be a parent someday?” He kissed her hand when she didn’t respond right away. “It’s something we haven’t talked about before. Either way, I won’t be disappointed. I’ve had the experience of being a parent, and I wouldn’t have traded my time alone with Abby for anything, but…”
Alisa’s breath hitched at the hesitation she heard in his voice. She hadn’t thought about children since she and Nick got engaged, but she definitely wanted a family of her own someday. Liam was older, and he’d already lived through that experience. There was no guarantee he would be motivated to do it all over again. “But?” 
“But it would be nice to share that experience with someone. To have a partner to help me through the rough times. Like now, when I feel like I’m in so far over my head that I might make a mistake that screws my daughter up forever.” 
Alisa released the breath she hadn’t realized she’d held. “I’m so glad to hear you say that. I want a baby, Liam. Your baby.” 
He closed his eyes and pressed his lips to her hand before opening his eyes to look at her. “Nothing would make me happier.” He flicked his tongue over her wrist and smiled when she wiggled in her seat. “But sooner rather than later, okay?”
“Definitely,” she whispered, feeling breathless. It still amazed her that he could turn her on with so little effort. It usually took Nick the better part of an hour to convince her to have sex with him, which should have been enough to convince her their relationship had bigger problems. But she didn’t want to waste any more time thinking about him. Nick was her past. Liam was her future. 
“So, what’s Abby done to make you doubt yourself?” 
“You saw her with that boy tonight.” Liam raked a hand through his hair. “And it’s not just that. She told me her cousin’s interested in boys and she feels like she’s being left behind.” 
“I see.” Alisa moved her chair closer, hoping the physical proximity would help to ease some of the tension she felt radiating from him. “What did you say to that?” 
“Nothing really. I didn’t know what the hell to say.” He glanced at her, looking helpless and forlorn, not at all like the business mogul who seemed able to manage any crisis. “How am I supposed to handle this? She’s too young to even think about getting involved with boys.” 
Alisa smiled, grateful the cloak of darkness prevented him from seeing her amusement. “I’m sure every father feels that way, but you have to accept the fact that your little girl’s growing up. I agree she’s way too young to be sexually active—” She laughed when Liam winced. “But it’s perfectly normal for her to be attracted to boys at this age. No matter how much you might like to pretend it isn’t happening, it is. So, it’s just a question of how you intend to handle it.”
He stared out at the waves splashing against the white sand beach for a long time before he asked, “How do you think I should handle it?” 
She was flattered that her opinion seemed to mean so much to him. “I think you need to keep doing what you’re doing. Keep an eye on her; be aware of what she’s doing, where she’s going, and who she’s with. Keep the lines of communication open and invite her to talk to you about any problem she may be having, even if it’s uncomfortable for you to hear.” 
“Maybe you can help me with that part,” he said, smiling. “I don’t think I could hear about my baby falling for some little punk and remain objective.” 
Alisa laughed. “How do you know he won’t be a nice, normal kid, like Colin?” 
“They’re all gonna be little punks to me; you need to know that.” He smiled. “Besides, doesn’t every girl have to go through her fair share of losers before she finds the real deal?” His smile got wider when he gestured to himself. “Case in point. You got engaged to that piece of—”
She held her hand up. “I don’t want to talk about him tonight.” 
“Did you hear from him this week?” 
When she didn’t respond right away, he muttered a curse. 
They’d spoken on the phone every night, but she didn’t want to waste precious time telling Liam about Nick’s phone calls, flowers, or impromptu visit to her store when she was locking up last night. “It doesn’t matter, I—” 
“It matters to me,” he said through clenched teeth. “I want details.” He dropped her hand and leaned forward. “I’m waiting.” 
She knew he had a right to know, but knowing how he was going to react made it difficult to get the words out. “He, uh, called a few times.” She cleared her throat. “And sent flowers.” She felt nauseous when she thought of the birthday present he’d hand-delivered yesterday. “He gave me diamond earrings yesterday.” 
Liam stood up so fast he nearly upended the wrought iron chair. “He what?” He stood facing her, his hands on his hips. 
Even with the prevailing nightfall, she could still see the scowl on his handsome face. “I didn’t tell you about it because it didn’t mean anything. He remembered that tomorrow was my birthday, and when he stopped by the store earlier in the week, one of the sales girls must have mentioned the fact that I was going away for the weekend. I guess he just wanted to catch me before I left.” 
He started pacing back and forth over the painted white deck. “What the hell is it gonna take to get through to this guy?” 
“I told him I couldn’t accept the earrings.” 
“You better have told him that.” 
She knew he was angry and taking his frustration and feelings of helplessness out on her, so she took a deep breath and forced herself to remain calm. “I told him it was over… again.” 
“And what did he say to that?” He stopped pacing long enough to wait for her reply. 
She knew Nick’s words would only stoke Liam’s fire, but she didn’t want to be accused of keeping secrets from him. “He said I’d get tired of being an afterthought with you and eventually come back to him.” 
“That son of a bitch,” Liam whispered. 
“He said your business and daughter would always come before me.” It had been hard to hear because, in the back of her mind, she’d spent the last two weeks questioning whether it may be true. She didn’t know if she would ever come first with her husband, and she wasn’t sure that she even had the right to expect to. “He said I deserved better and eventually I’d realize that.” 
Liam’s face drained of color as he stared at her. She could tell the impact of Nick’s words was settling over him as he questioned whether they were true. 
Without another word, she watched him walk into the house, and she knew her ex’s assessment had been closer to the truth than either one of them wanted to admit. 




Chapter Seventeen 

Liam sat on the edge of his bed, trying to force air into his lungs to ease the familiar tightening in his chest. Was that arrogant jerk right? Would Alisa eventually tire of competing with all of the other issues and people in his life demanding a piece of him and go back to her ex or find someone else who could give her the time and attention she deserved? 
She stood just outside his bedroom door. “Can I come in?” 
“Of course you can,” he said quietly. He gestured to her suitcase. “This is your room now, too.” 
She sighed as she claimed the spot beside him on the bed. “Liam, I don’t know that I’ll ever be comfortable sharing your assets. I know how hard you’ve worked to amass this wealth.” She lifted her hands. “This is all yours; it’s not like I’ve done anything to help you get where you are.”
He felt her slipping away and it only intensified the ache in his chest. “I want to share everything with you, baby.” He wanted to, but he didn’t know if that was even feasible. Even if they lived in the same house, his business took him away more than he was home. And when he was in town, he was rarely home before it was time to call it a night. 
She threaded her hand through his. “I know you do, and I appreciate that, but…” 
That word scared him more than any other because it told him she had doubts about them. Not that he could blame her. If he were in her position, he would have felt the same way. “I hate this,” he whispered, releasing her hand and bending at the waist as the physical pain ricocheted through his body. 
“Are you okay?” she asked, resting a hand on his back. 
“Yeah.” He took a few deep breaths. “I’ve just been…” He shook his head. He’d already burdened her enough without giving her cause to worry about his health. “Tired, stressed.” He forced a smile. “That’s what happens when you work nonstop for twenty years, right? Something’s gotta give.” 
“That’s what worries me,” she said, stroking his back. “When is it going to be enough for you?” 
“What do you mean?” 
“You’ve already earned more money than your great-grandchildren will ever be able to spend,” she said quietly. “Your hotels are recognized as some of the finest in the world, yet you still don’t seem satisfied with everything you’ve accomplished.” 
Her assessment felt like a slap in the face. He’d never been one to settle for the status quo. In his mind, good was never going to be good enough and he thought she understood that about him. “What are you suggesting, I retire and spend my time recalling the good old days when my life counted for something?”
“Of course not,” she said, gently. “I would never ask you to give up your business, but maybe you could think about cutting back, taking a break for a while.” She twisted the tie on her wrap dress around her finger over and over again. “I was talking to your brother tonight and…” 
“And what?” He didn’t mean to snarl at her, but he couldn’t help himself. He couldn’t imagine where she was going with this. 
“I didn’t realize how important he is to your business.” 
“Of course, he’s the CFO, but what the hell does that have to do with anything? It’s my company, Alisa. Mine. No one is going to work as hard as I do to manage the growth, and no one is going to feel as responsible for those employees. They’re my concern. When we hired them, they trusted me to put food on the table for their families. Do you even understand what that’s like?” He could tell by the rigid set of her body that she was getting defensive, but he was past the point of caring. How could she call into question the company he’d spent his lifetime building, as though walking away was even an option for him? 
“Obviously, I don’t know exactly what that’s like, but I have hired people to work in my shop and…” 
He rolled his eyes. “Please, don’t compare your business to mine. You haven’t got a clue.” 
She reared back as though he’d struck her as tears surfaced in her eyes. “I may not know what it feels like to be in your position, but I do know what it feels like to work hard.” 
He knew this was the time to apologize for belittling her and her business, but he couldn’t force the words past the lump of panic in his throat as he watched her get up and start throwing clothes haphazardly into her suitcase. 
“Nick was right!” she shouted over her shoulder as she walked into the bathroom.
He felt her words like a dropkick to the gut. Was she really leaving him to go back to her ex? Could he stop her? Did he even have the strength to try, if that’s what she wanted? 
Alisa re-entered the room carrying a cosmetics bag and tossed it into her suitcase on top of her clothes. “He said I’d never come before your business and he was right, wasn’t he?” 
Liam felt nauseous as he watched her pull the diamond engagement ring and wedding band off her finger and set it on the dresser. “Well, guess what? I deserve a man who can put me first, and that’s never gonna happen with you.” She brushed away the tears sliding down her cheeks. “Thank God I found out now, before I wasted years of my life waiting for you to call or come home. Waiting for you to notice I was even there.” 
He wanted to stay something, but the words wouldn’t come. 
“Don’t worry, I don’t want anything from you. I’ll have my lawyer make this as quick and painless as possible, for both of us.” 
Painless? Was she serious? The thought of losing her was already debilitating. He should be on his feet, begging her to stay, promising to change. Instead, he sat there, staring at her, speechless, feeling lightheaded and confused, when it was obvious that the best thing that had ever happened to him was walking out of his life forever. 
He heard the echo of the front door slamming, but still he couldn’t force himself to move. It was as though he was having an out of body experience, watching himself, completely immobile for the first time in his life. He was used to taking action, making things happen, but when he should be acting to save his marriage, he felt powerless. 
Abby appeared at the bedroom door. “Is everything okay?” she asked quietly. When he didn’t respond, she glanced at Alisa’s wedding rings sitting on the dresser. “I guess not, huh?” She walked over to the bed and sat down beside him, leaning her head on his shoulder. “I’m sorry, Daddy.” 
The tears burned the back of his throat, but he refused to allow his daughter to see him ravaged. 
“If she wasn’t the one, better you find out now, right?” 
Alisa was the one, the only one for him, but he couldn’t make her stay when he knew she was right. She would always feel as though she was competing with his business and that wasn’t fair to her. He’d been wrong to marry her in the first place. He had no right to believe he could have it all. He already had a successful company, a daughter who meant the world to him, friends, and family. That was so much more than most people had, so he didn’t have the right to hope for the love of a woman to complete the picture. That was too much to ask for, too much to expect. 
“I had to let her go,” he said. He didn’t know if he was trying to convince Abby or himself. “It was the right thing to do. She deserves better.”
Abby rubbed his back, her head still resting on his shoulder. “Better than you? Impossible.” 
He tried to smile, but couldn’t. “Thanks for saying that, kiddo. But your old man is seriously messed up. I let this company take over my life, and now it’s all I have, aside from you.” He put his arm around her. “And pretty soon I won’t even have you anymore.” 
“You’ll always have me. But doesn’t it scare you… the thought of being alone for the rest of your life?” 
It hadn’t bothered him until he met Alisa. Now that she’d given him a taste of what his life could be like with someone to love, he knew it would be impossible to forget her. “She’s divorcing me,” he whispered. It was difficult to even form the words, but his daughter deserved to know the truth. 
“Maybe she’s just upset? She could change her mind.” 
“I don’t think so, honey. Can you do me a favor?” 
“Sure.” 
“Ask your uncle to call the airport. She won’t be able to get a flight out at this time of night. Tell them to prepare my plane for her.” 
“Are you sure you really want to let her go?” 
“No.” He forced himself to draw a deep breath. “I don’t want to let her go, but I don’t have a choice. I love her, so I have to let her go.” 


Alisa was safely stowed away in Liam’s private plane, hovering 30,000 feet above paradise, before she finally gave in to the tears. How had their fantasy turned into a nightmare so quickly? She mentioned the prospect of him taking some time off work because she was concerned about his wellbeing, not because she was trying to demean the importance of his business. But instead of welcoming her concern, he’d turned on her. He let her know that not only did he not appreciate her interference, he wouldn’t tolerate it. 
At least he’d had the decency to give her a one-way ticket out of his life in style. 
The flight attendant hovered near the rear of the small seating area, obviously hesitant to invade Alisa’s privacy. “I’m sorry, Mrs. Bryson, I didn’t mean to intrude. I was just wondering if I could offer you a drink?” 
The thought of a stiff drink to wash away the bitter taste of failure was enticing, but Alisa knew it wouldn’t solve her problems. “I’m fine, thanks.” She sniffled, trying to pull herself together. “Would it be okay if I use the phone now?” 
“Of course, ma’am. Just let me know if you need anything.” 
“Thanks, I will.” Alisa’s hand trembled as she pressed the buttons to connect her call. Only one person would be able to help her through this. “Hey, Lena.” 
“I wasn’t expecting to hear from you. How’s Barbados?” 
“It was beautiful, but, um…” Her voice broke. “I’m on my way home now.” 
“Oh no, what happened?” 
How could she explain it to her friend when she couldn’t even make sense of it herself? “It started when I told him that Nick stopped by this week.” 
“I knew he’d cause trouble for you guys.” She sighed. “But Liam can’t blame you for that. You told Nick flat-out that you don’t want anything more to do with him.” 
“I know, but I guess some of the things Nick said made Liam think twice about us.” She’d never forget that vacant look in his eye when she realized he’d given up on them. “We started talking about his business and…” She squeezed her eyes shut to curb the flow of tears. “He basically told me I didn’t know what the hell I was talking about and I needed to stay out of it.” 
“Ouch. He really said that?” 
“Not in so many words, but I got the message loud and clear.” 
“So, what are you gonna do?” 
“The only thing I can do… file for divorce.” 
“Oh no,” Lena whispered. “Are you sure you don’t want to give it some time before you make a decision you might regret? He loves you, Ali. After seeing you two together, I have no doubt about that.” 
It wasn’t just the things he said to hurt her, she could get past that, but she’d come to realize being third on his priority list wasn’t enough for her. “It’s better this way, before either one of us gets in too deep.” She sniffled. “It would’ve been harder months or years from now, when we’d invested more time.” Or kids were involved. It pained her to think that hours ago they’d been talking about starting a family and now they were contemplating divorce. 
“You don’t believe that any more than I do. Breaking up with someone you love sucks. It doesn’t matter whether it’s weeks, months, or years into the relationship.” 
“I got through it with Nick. I’ll get through it this time, too.” 
“God, I don’t even want to tell you this, especially not now, but…” 
Lena usually wasn’t the kind of friend to try and spare Alisa bad news, except where Nick was concerned. “Did he stop by again? Why? He knew I wasn’t going to be there.” 
“He came to talk to me.” Lena heaved a sigh. “I guess he thought he could talk me into helping him get you back.” 
Knowing how much Lena and her ex resented each other, she could only imagine how difficult it must have been for him to swallow his pride and ask for her help. “What did you tell him?” 
“I told him you and Liam were happy. That you guys loved each other and he couldn’t say or do anything to change that.” She groaned. “When he finds out your marriage is over, he’s gonna be relentless.” 
“Don’t worry, I’ll handle him.” 


Liam staggered into the kitchen, knocking the cordless phone off the wall. He’d started drinking after he sent his daughter off to her bedroom and hadn’t stopped in the hours since. He hadn’t been this drunk… ever. 
“What the hell happened to you?” Matthew asked, watching him from the doorway.
“Haven’t you heard?” He cursed the slur that made him sound so much like his old man had before he finally surrendered his life to the liquid poison. “She left me. She wants a divorce.” 
“Jesus,” Matt muttered, shaking his head in disgust. “What the hell did you do to piss her off? Things seemed to be going so well.” 
Liam watched his brother brew a pot of coffee before he dropped his head on the granite countertop. “I told her she was clueless.” 
Matt rolled his eyes. “Great. Women love to hear that.” He pulled the carafe out as soon as the first cup was ready. He set the tall mug down in front of his brother. “Drink that. I want to know what the hell happened to make her leave you. People fight, they say things they don’t mean, but that’s not enough to make someone decide to give up on their marriage. You’re not telling me something, so let’s hear it.” 
He took a sip of the coffee. Matt was right; he needed to sober up. He hated the way he felt and acted when he binged, which is why he hadn’t indulged since college. “Her ex told her I loved my business more than I’d ever love her.” 
“Is that true?” Matt asked, bracing his hands on the counter. 
“Go to hell.” 
“It’s a fair question, Liam. The only thing in your miserable life you’ve ever loved more than that goddamn company is your daughter.” 
“You’re just jealous. Jealous of my success.” He took a long swig of coffee, hoping the time-honored remedy would help him to feel human again. 
Matt choked on his laughter. “You think I’m jealous of you? What the hell have you got to show for all that hard work? A few big empty houses, a fleet of fancy cars, an overpriced plane. Big deal. That don’t amount to shit in the big picture and you know it. I wouldn’t trade my life for yours for anything.” 
His brother’s words were a harsh reminder of how little he had. “You know how to kick a guy when he’s down, lil brother.” 
“Maybe Alisa leaving you was the best thing that could’ve happened to you. Maybe now you’ll get your head out of your ass and figure out what’s really important.” 
“Shit,” Liam said, clutching his chest as he tried to push the stool back from the breakfast bar. 
“What the hell’s wrong with you, man? You’re as white as…” He ran around the counter when Liam tried to reach out for support. “What is it? Oh my God, talk to me. What’s wrong?” 
“Call ambulance,” he whispered before he fell forward into his brother’s waiting arms.
 




Chapter Eighteen 

Alisa was too tired to think straight, much less ward off Nick’s advances this morning. 
“Come on, honey,” he said, sliding his hands into her hair as he backed her into the wall. “Now that he’s out of the picture, we can pick up where we left off.”
Apparently, the absence of her wedding rings told Nick everything he needed to know about the status of her marriage. When she’d tried to tell him that she simply forgot them at home, he insisted he wasn’t buying any more of her excuses. 
“It doesn’t matter whether Liam and I are together or not.” She pressed her palms into his chest, trying to put some distance between them. “We’re not getting back together. Ever.”
The buzzer above the door sounded, indicating she had a customer. Before she could find the strength to push Nick away, Matthew spotted them. 
“Oh great,” she muttered, finally finding the strength to force her ex to back off. “That’s Liam’s brother.”
“What the hell does he want?”
“We’re about to find out.” Alisa forced a smile as she finger combed her tousled hair. “Hi, Matt. This is a surprise. Are you in town on business?”
“Uh, no.” He glanced at Nick. “Have you got a minute to talk?”
Alisa hadn’t heard one word from Liam in the four days since she left Barbados. The final day of silence convinced her he was ready to end their marriage, so she’d called her lawyer to initiate divorce proceedings. “Of course. Nick was just leaving.” She glared at her ex. “You can show yourself out?”
He raked a hand through his shaggy, sandy blond hair. “This isn’t over, Alisa.”
“Yes, it is. Now get out.” She smiled at Matt. “My office is the first door on the left down that hallway. I just have to go upstairs and get one of the girls to cover the floor for me.”
“Sure.” 
Matt seemed reluctant to follow her directions, and when the sound of muted voices followed her up the stairs, she understood why.
“Why can’t you take a hint, buddy?” Matt asked Nick. “She’s married now.”
“Not for much longer.”
“How the hell do you know that? She told you?”
Alisa took her time walking up the stairs so she could hear more of their conversation. 
“She didn’t have to tell me,” Nick said. “I know that girl better than she knows herself.”
Alisa rolled her eyes. If he’d known her so well, he would have known that sleeping with another woman was a deal breaker for her. 
“Listen, my brother’s in love with her and she feels the same way about him.”
“How the hell do you know how she feels?”
“I’ve seen them together. It doesn’t take much more than that. Hell, they can’t keep their hands off each other. I’ve never seen Liam like that with a woman, ever.”
The reminder of the intimacy they’d shared hit Alisa hard. She tried to block it out of her mind, the stolen kisses when they thought no one was looking, the passionate lovemaking, how safe and protected she felt in his arms. The sense that she finally found her soul mate…
“Yeah, well, he may be in love with her, but I can guaran-damn-tee you, she ain’t over me.”
“Funny, I coulda sworn I just heard her tell you it was over. In fact, she told you to get the hell out. If I were you, I’d take the lady’s advice.”
Nick chuckled. “Who’s gonna make me? You?”
“You really don’t know who you’re dealing with, do you, dumbass?”
“Who the hell are you callin’—”
Alisa sucked in a breath when she peeked over the top of the railing and saw the two men take a step towards each other. 
“My brother is not a guy you wanna mess with, trust me. We’re talkin’ wealth and power on a whole ’nother level than you’re used to, buddy.”
Alisa pressed a hand to her stomach. This was quickly going from bad to worse. She knew Nick wouldn’t take the targeted shot to his ego without fighting back. All of his self-worth was wrapped up in his wealth and fame. Without that, he felt like he was nothing. 
“So he’s rich, big deal. Alisa’s grown up around money her whole life. That stuff don’t mean shit to her.”
“If that’s true, then what in the hell would she see in a loser like you? My brother went to an Ivy League school, built a business worth hundreds of millions from the ground up, raised a daughter on his own, gives back a small fortune every year…” Matt chuckled. “What the hell have you ever done to make yourself worthy of a woman like Alisa?” He laughed again when Nick didn’t respond. “You’ve got a decent singing voice, but that’s all you’ve got to offer her. You really think that’s enough to keep a woman like her happy for the long haul?” When Nick still didn’t respond, he said, “Do yourself a favor, man; go back to your groupies, ‘cause that lady is way outta your league.”
Alisa held her breath, half-expecting to hear the sickening thud of fists flying. But when she stole another glance over the railing, she was shocked to see Nick crossing the store and walking out the door without another word to Matt. Apparently the Bryson brothers had a knack for getting people to see things their way. 
“Can you handle things downstairs for a while?” she asked Megan, one of her part-time sales associates. 
“Sure, no problem.” 
“I’ll be in my office if you need me.” 
Megan followed Alisa down the stairs. When she caught sight of Matthew, she whispered, “Oh my God, that guy’s gorgeous. Is he available, or what?” 
“Or what.” 
“Damn, all the good ones are taken, aren’t they?” 
Alisa knew of one good man who’d be back on the market very soon. The prospect shouldn’t turn her stomach, but it did. If she thought it took her a long time to get over her break-up with Nick, that was going to pale in comparison to the heartbreak of losing Liam. 
By the time Alisa cleared the last stair, Matt was already in her office, so she quickly made her way to the back of the store, anxious to hear what he had to say. Did Liam know he was here? Had he asked him to come? Was Matt going to ask her to give his brother another chance? 
Alisa pushed the door open and smiled at Matt, who was sitting on the small sofa. “I heard the way you handled Nick. Impressive.” 
“I hope I wasn’t overstepping, but the thought of that guy trying to pressure you into getting back together with him after what he did to you really pisses me off.” 
She smiled as she claimed the chair next to him and crossed her legs. “Liam filled you in, I take it?” 
“Yeah, I hope you don’t mind. It’s just that it was really bothering him, knowing that your ex was still in the picture.” He shrugged. “Not a lot of things threaten my brother, but knowing that you had history with this guy made him question whether he could compete.” 
Alisa couldn’t help but laugh. “Liam’s afraid of losing me to Nick? That’s ridiculous.” 
Matt shared in her laughter. “I know, right? That’s what I tried to tell him. The guy’s a loser.”
She winced at his characterization of her former fiancé. “What does it say about me that I agreed to marry him?” 
“It says you were young and foolish.” Matt smiled, a smile so much like Liam’s it took her breath away. “We’re all allowed to make a few mistakes, right?” 
“I guess so.” She crossed and uncrossed her legs. “So tell me, what brings you here?” 
All traces of humor vanished as Matt suddenly appeared to have the weight of the world resting on his shoulders. “Liam had an episode after you left Barbados.” He released a gusty sigh. “He didn’t want you to know about this, but I thought you had a right, since you are still his wife.” 
Alisa felt a flicker of anxiety invade her stomach. “What kind of episode are we talking about?” 
Matt covered his face with his hands before looking at her. “There’s no easy way to tell you this, Alisa. He had a heart attack.” 
She gasped as she leaned forward. “Oh my God. Are you serious?” 
“I’m afraid so.” 
“But he’s young and strong and…” She couldn’t process the thought of the Liam she knew laid up in a hospital bed, incapacitated or worse. “Please, tell me he’s okay.” 
Matt reached for her hand. “He’s going to be, but they had to keep him in the hospital in Barbados for a few days to monitor his blood pressure and heart rhythms.” 
“I don’t understand how this could have happened to someone like him.” He was so vital and always seemed to have boundless energy. “It doesn’t make any sense.” 
“It makes perfect sense to me,” Matt said, scowling, as he released her hand and leaned back on the sofa to extend his arm across the back. “He’s been working seven days a week for as long as I can remember, eats out two or three times a day, never finds the time to visit a doctor, and only exercises to try and relieve stress, which rarely works. Hell, he was a ticking time bomb.” 
Alisa tried to focus on her breathing, forcing air in and out of her lungs at a steady pace, but it did little to help lessen her anxiety about her husband’s condition. “What are his doctors saying?”
“They told him he can’t go on like this. He needs to cut back, take it easy for a while, make some serious changes in his life, or he won’t be so lucky the next time.” Matt shook his head. “He’s had unregulated high blood pressure for God knows how long. That was one of the major factors that contributed to the heart attack, according to the doctors. They’ve put him on medication, which seems to be working, but that’s only the beginning.” 
Alisa thought about the advice she’d given him the other night, the same advice the doctor was giving him now. She wondered if the doctor had better luck convincing him that his habits put his life in jeopardy. “How is Liam handling this?” 
“He’s mad as hell,” Matt said, chuckling. “He’s not used to being told what to do, and the fact that he has to take it easy at home for a while is making him crazy.” 
“He’s at home now?” 
“Yeah, the doc just gave him the go-ahead to fly today. Tracey and Abby flew home on the jet with him to make sure he was okay. But I wanted to come here and tell you what happened in person.” He shrugged. “Liam didn’t want you to know, but I thought you had the right. We’ve managed to keep it out of the papers, since it happened so far away, but that’s not to say there won’t be a leak. If there is… I didn’t want you to hear it on TV.” 
“Liam didn’t want me to know?” She tried to ignore the twinge of sorrow that accompanied those words. Her husband didn’t want her to know that he’d had a medical emergency? That spoke volumes about his commitment to working out the problems in their marriage. 
“He didn’t want to feel as though you were staying with him because of his condition. If there’s one thing my brother hates, it’s being pitied.” He smiled. “Almost as much as he hates hovering.” 
“Well, that’s too damn bad,” Alisa said, getting to her feet. “Because, as his wife, it’s my job to take care of him, so he better get used to it.” 
“Does that mean you’re coming back with me?” 
“Oh yeah, and when I get my hands on him, I’m gonna throttle him for the hell he’s put me through.” 


“I said I’m fine, Mrs. Foster,” Liam said through gritted teeth. In the hour since he’d been home, she made him soup, brought him the newspaper, and now she was fluffing his pillows. “Please, just go back to whatever you were doing before I came home.” 
She scowled at him as she fisted her hands on her hips. “You expect me to pretend this heart attack never happened? How am I supposed to do that?” 
Mrs. Foster had worked for Liam since his daughter was born, and they always had a cordial relationship, but she never crossed the employee/employer line by lecturing him about how he chose to live his life. Judging by the displeasure he saw on her face, he suspected that was about to change. He feared that was the first of many things about to change. In a matter of a few days, his life spiraled out of control, and he hated it. 
“What’s the matter with you? Do I have to remind you that you have a daughter who’s counting on you? If you’re not willing to take care of yourself for your own sake, then do it for her.” 
Liam felt the wallop of her words like a smack to the face. “I always put my daughter first.” 
“Really?” She drew a deep breath. “You know what? Now’s not the time to discuss this. Tracey said you weren’t to be upset right now, and I certainly don’t want to be responsible for your setback. I’m sure you’ll manage that without my help.” 
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?” he asked, tossing his newspaper down on the bed beside him. 
“None of us expect you to follow the doctor’s orders. You put that company above all of us, including your own wellbeing. You’ve proven that. If you had any sense—”
“Excuse me.” 
Liam cursed when his heart began to race at the sight of Alisa. Surely that’s not what the doctor had intended when he told him to remain calm. “What are you doing here?” 
Alisa ignored him as she stepped into the room and offered Mrs. Foster her hand. “Hello, I’m Alisa Bryson. Liam’s wife.” She smiled. “You must be Mrs. Foster? Abby was just telling me about how much they value your help around here.” 
The older woman blushed at Alisa’s praise as she accepted her outstretched hand. “That’s kind of you to say, Mrs. Bryson.” 
“Please, call me Alisa.” She nodded her head toward Liam as she covered Mrs. Foster’s hand with both of hers. “You mind if I have a few minutes with the mighty dictator over there?”
Mrs. Foster tried unsuccessfully to hide her smile. “Be my guest. I hope you have better luck with him than I did.” 
Alisa waited for Liam’s housekeeper to leave the room before she started in on him. “Why the hell didn’t you call to tell me what happened?” 
“I didn’t want you here.” Liam closed his eyes when he saw the effect of his words. He wasn’t trying to hurt her. He was trying to set her free from any sense of obligation she may feel. She’d already made her intentions clear, she intended to divorce him, and his heart attack didn’t change anything. If she came back to him, he wanted it to be because she realized she couldn’t live without him, not because she feared for his wellbeing without a babysitter to watch his every move. 
She sat down on the end of the bed. “That’s too bad, ‘cause I’m here now whether you like it or not.” 
“My brother told you what happened, didn’t he?” When she didn’t deny his claim, he muttered a curse. “I should have known he couldn’t keep his big mouth shut.” 
“He thought I had a right to know.” 
“Why?” He saw his opportunity to deliver the final blow that would drive her away for good. “You’re nothing to me anymore, remember?” 
Alisa bit her bottom lip and looked down at her clasped hands. “Be that as it may, I just promised your daughter I wouldn’t go anywhere until you were back on your feet, and I intend to honor that promise, whether you like it or not.” 
“I am back on my feet.” He swung his legs around, planting his feet on the floor beside hers. He hadn’t considered the fact that being in close proximity to her may not be the best idea if he was trying to convince her he didn’t care about her anymore. “What’s it gonna take to convince you? You wanna have sex? That oughta prove to you that I haven’t got one foot in the grave just yet.” He smirked, hating himself more with every passing second. “Or is that what you were hoping for? Is that the reason you rushed to my side, suddenly prepared to act like the dutiful little wife? You thought I was getting ready to pack it in and you could cash in on my stupidity… not having you sign a prenup.” 
A tear slid down her cheek and she brushed it away. “Why are you doing this? Why are you trying to hurt me?” 
It was costing Liam his sanity, resisting the urge to pull her into his arms and beg her forgiveness. But he’d be damned if he let her waste her life playing nursemaid to a man she didn’t even want to be married to anymore out of some misguided sense of obligation. “It’s not my fault if the truth hurts, baby.” 
“I thought you loved me,” she said, looking up at him, her blue eyes shining with unshed tears. 
“You thought wrong.” The pain he experienced when he’d had the heart attack paled in comparison to having to tell the woman he loved that she meant nothing to him. “So, did you bring those divorce papers with you? I’d be happy to sign them now.” If she produced those papers now, he couldn’t trust himself not to tear them up and fall to his knees begging her to give him another chance. 
“No, I didn’t.” 
“Whatever.” He winced when he felt a twinge in his chest. The doctors told him he’d been suffering from undiagnosed angina for some time before the heart attack, another one of the many symptoms he was too busy to acknowledge. 
She rested her hand on his back, her eyes reflecting her alarm. “Are you okay? Do you need me to call the doctor?” 
“No, what I need is for you to get the hell out of here,” he said through clenched teeth. “Go back to your boyfriend and leave me the hell alone.” 
“Nick’s not my boyfriend,” she said quietly, setting her hand back in her lap. 
“Maybe not now, but I bet he will be again before the ink’s even dry on our divorce papers.” He was silently cursing himself with every vile word he spoke. “We both know it’s only a matter of time before he wears you down. It’s better this way. The thought of you banging him while you’re still using my last name leaves kind of a bitter taste, ya know?” 
“How can you be so cruel?” she whispered. 
He’d learned to be callous to survive the competitors trying to bring him down, and the women trying to use his money to pave their path to easy street, but he never set out to intentionally hurt someone he loved before. “I’m not being cruel, just honest.” 
“I loved you,” she said quietly. 
He almost doubled over when he heard her use that word in the past tense. Nothing could have prepared him for the pain of knowing she didn’t love him anymore. 
“I thought you felt the same way.” 
He didn’t trust himself to speak, so he said nothing. 
“I promised Abby I’d stick around for a while, to make sure you’re okay, but I’ll try not to get in your way.” She stood up and began walking toward the door. Without turning around, she said, “I’m sorry I bothered you, Liam.” 


“You stupid son of a bitch!” Matt shouted, throwing the door open. “I brought her back here so you guys could work things out, and you managed to make everything worse.” 
Liam was still trying to come to terms with what he’d done. He didn’t need his kid brother to read him the riot act. “Get out.” 
“No!” He slammed the door. “If you think I’m gonna sit by and watch you self-destruct, you’re crazy.” 
“It’s my life. I’ll do whatever the hell I want.” 
“She loves you, man,” he said, lowering his voice. “Why can’t you see that?” 
“Loved.” He scowled when his voice trembled. “She doesn’t anymore. She told me so.” 
Matt thrust his hands through his hair as he began pacing the room. “And whose fault is that? Yours! You drove her away. She tried to tell you she was concerned about you even before this happened, and what do you do? You tell her she’s clueless. You dumbass!” 
No one had ever called Liam dumb before, though he knew no other word could describe the mess he was making of his life. “I didn’t ask for your opinion and I don’t want it.” 
“Too damn bad. You’re gonna get it whether you like it or not.” Matt pulled back the velvet curtain to glance out into the backyard. “Do you know how scared your little girl was when she thought she was gonna lose you?” 
Liam tipped his head back and closed his eyes. That was the thing about siblings, they knew your weak spots, and when they were out for blood, they knew exactly where to strike first. “Don’t go there.” 
“Why not? You need to know. You’re all she has, Liam. Her worthless excuse for a mother never gave a goddamn about her; we both know that.” 
“I’m not going anywhere. My daughter knows that.” 
“You could have died that night, Liam.” Matt turned to face him. “Do you even get that? You’re living on borrowed time if you don’t figure out how to make some serious changes in your life.” 
Liam knew his brother was right. The doctor had told him the same thing, but he had no idea how to go from being a workaholic to a man of leisure. And when he thought about what it would take to restructure his business in his absence, it only intensified the throbbing in his head. “I don’t know what the hell you people expect from me. I am who I am. I’m not gonna change my entire life just ‘cause I had a heart attack.” 
Matt stared at him a long time before he asked, “Why are you trying so hard to push Alisa away?” He waited for a response, but when he got none, he said, “She told me what you said to her.” 
Liam grimaced. He couldn’t even bear to think about what he’d said to her. “This is none of your business.” 
“I know you. You wouldn’t even say those things to your worst enemy, so how the hell could you bring yourself to say them to the woman you love?” 
“I don’t love her.” His heart protested the claim, but he knew indifference was the only way to get his brother off his back and his soon to be ex-wife out of his house. “I thought I did, but what the hell do I know about love, right?” 
“Her ex was there with her when I got to her store today.” 
If his brother was trying to give him another heart attack, he was going about it the right way. “Why should I care who she’s with? We’re getting a divorce, remember?” 
“He was begging her to take him back. Telling her he loved her… he needed her. In fact, he was moving in to kiss her—”
“Shut the hell up!” Liam shouted, his voice reverberating off the walls. 
Matt smirked as he folded his arms and propped his hip against the wall. “I thought you didn’t love her anymore?” 
Liam forced himself to take a few deep breaths to calm down as he tried to get the picture Matt painted out of his head. “I don’t want her to stay with me for the wrong reasons,” he whispered. “Because she thinks I need someone to take care of me.” 
“Everybody needs someone to take care of them, Liam. That’s what marriage is all about, the peace of mind that comes with knowing you never have to face shit like this alone.” 
“What if she sticks it out with me for a while and then realizes he’s the guy she really wants?” 
“That’s a risk you’re gonna have to take. But if you push her away without ever knowing for sure, you’re gonna have to live with that regret for the rest of your life.” Matt pushed off the wall before walking to the door. “I’d hate like hell to see what that would do to you.” 




Chapter Nineteen 

Alisa tapped on Abby’s open bedroom door. “I made some dinner. You hungry?” 
She shrugged as she tucked a lock of hair behind her ear. “I guess I could eat, but what happened to Mrs. Foster? Why didn’t she make dinner?” 
“I gave her the night off. She’s going to the movies and spending the night with her sister.” She smiled. “She was pretty upset after going a round with your father.” 
Abby moved back on her king-sized four-poster bed and tucked her legs under her. “I overheard you telling Uncle Matt what my dad said to you.” She bit her bottom lip as her cheeks flushed. “I wasn’t eavesdropping, I just—”
Alisa held her hand up. “It’s okay, you don’t have to explain.” She didn’t relish the idea of discussing their relationship with Liam’s daughter, but she knew from experience that being kept in the dark was often worse. “Your dad and I had to figure out where to go from here.” She had trouble forcing herself to say the words, but she wanted to tell Abby her side of the story while she had the chance. “We’re getting a divorce.” 
Abby pulled her knees up to her chin and wrapped her arms around her legs as she stared at Alisa. “Why? I know you love him.” 
Alisa tried to swallow the anguish that made it difficult to breathe. “I do, but sometimes that’s not enough.” She glanced at a framed photo of Liam and Abby when she was a gap-toothed toddler and her heart ached for the children they would never have together. “Your dad and I are just two very different people.”
“You guys could work it out if you really wanted to. He’s just so stubborn.” 
“Honey,” Alisa said, reaching for her hand, “this isn’t your father’s fault, and it isn’t my fault. Sometimes two people just aren’t compatible.” She forced a smile. “We got married on a whim, before we really even knew each other.” 
“Why’d you do it?” Abby asked, leaning her head on her legs. “Why’d you marry him?” 
“He made me feel something,” she said quietly. “Something no one else ever has.” 
“Do you still feel that way about him?” Abby asked, squeezing her hand. “The truth, just between you and me.” 
“Yes, but—”
“Isn’t that the only thing that matters?” 
“No, honey, it isn’t. It takes two people to make a marriage work, and your dad’s decided it just isn’t worth the effort.” 
“He can be so stubborn sometimes,” she said, releasing Alisa’s hand. She grabbed a pillow and held it against her body. “Just like that art school I want to go to…” Her eyes traveled to a well-lit alcove in the corner of the room where an easel occupied a good portion of the space. 
“May I?” Alisa asked, getting up off the bed. 
“Sure,” she said, shrugging. “I know I have a lot to learn, but that’s not gonna happen if my dad has anything to say about it. I have an opportunity to go to this incredible private art school in New York. They teach all the usual high school subjects, but the art electives are amazing. I mean, I could be studying with some of the masters…” 
Alisa couldn’t contain her surprise when she viewed the canvas. “You did this?” 
“It’s no big deal,” she said. “I’ve always liked to draw and stuff. I just started working with watercolors last year, but I love it.” She smiled. “Like, I really love it.” 
“I can see that.” Alisa looked at the landscape from different angles, appreciating the sunlight she’d infused into the waves and the shadow the water cast on the sand. “The surfer is Colin, right?” 
Abby blushed and lowered her head. “How’d you know that?” 
Alisa laughed. “I had a Colin in my life when I was just about your age, too.” 
“Really? What happened?” 
“We both grew up and moved on. It happens.” Alisa reclaimed her spot at the foot of Abby’s bed. “I went through something similar when I was just about your age. I wanted to be a model, but my dad didn’t want to let me leave home so I could pursue a modeling career. I can understand why, I was so young and inexperienced, but…” 
“Did you eventually wear him down?” Abby grinned. “Please tell me you did.” 
Alisa laughed. “I did, but it took a while.” 
“You think my dad’ll give in if I keep working on him?” 
“I don’t know. It’s a little different in your situation. My dad had my mom to lean on after I was gone. You’re the only person Liam has to come home to.” 
“He could have you… if he wasn’t such an ass.” She giggled. “Just don’t tell him I called him that, okay?” 
Alisa raised her pinky in the air. “Pinky swear.” They both laughed as they locked fingers. “Thinking about losing your dad must have been tough, huh?” 
Abby shuddered. “It was brutal. My dad’s always been this larger than life guy, ya know? And to see him lying in that hospital bed, hooked up to all those machines…” She shook her head. “I don’t know what I’d do if I lost him.” 
Alisa rubbed her leg. “You’re not gonna lose him, Abby. He’s young and strong. This may be the wake-up call he needed to reprioritize his life.” 
“Everybody always tells me how smart he is, and I know he is, but…” 
“But what?” 
“How can he be stupid enough to let you go?” 
Alisa reached over to give her stepdaughter a hug. This girl had stolen her heart almost as quickly as her father had, and she was going to miss them both... so much. 
 

Liam threw the magazine down when he heard a tap on his bedroom door. He considered pretending he was asleep, in case it was Alisa, but before he could hide under the covers, his daughter poked her head in the door. 
“Is it okay if I come in?” 
“Of course, you’re just the distraction I need.” He grinned. “I’m going a little stir-crazy already.” 
She rolled her eyes. “Why am I not surprised?” 
Sometimes he looked at her and he was struck by the fact that she looked more like a young lady than the little girl he used to tuck in at night. God, he missed those days when she thought he could fix any problem and make everything right in her world again. “I’m sorry if I scared you, kid,” he said when she sat down on the bed beside him. 
“I was worried about you; we all were. Nana was here when you were sleeping earlier. She said she’d be back tomorrow.” 
“Great.” They both smiled, knowing how much Liam’s mother loved to hover when one of them was feeling under the weather. “She’ll drive me crazy for sure.” 
“You could ask Alisa to run interference for you.” Abby looked hesitant when she mentioned his wife’s name. “I bet she’d be willing if you were really nice to her.” 
“Oh, pumpkin,” he said, using his childhood nickname for her as he put his arm around her shoulders. “I wish it were that simple.”
“She loves you, Dad. I know she does.” 
His stomach lurched at the memory of the words she’d spoken earlier. I loved you… loved… loved… It was like a torturous echo he couldn’t escape no matter how hard he tried. “It’s over, hon. There’s no going back.”
“Would you, if you could?” 
He pressed a kiss to the top of her head, trying to hide the gleam in his eyes. “You know me, I don’t like to waste time on regrets.” 
She tipped her head back to look at him. “If you let her go, I’m afraid you are gonna regret it… like, forever.” She shifted to face him. “I don’t want to see you go through that. Whatever it takes, you need to fix things with her before it’s too late.” 
“It’s already too late,” he said, twisting a lock of her hair around his finger. His wedding ring shone under the artificial light and he realized he should have taken it off when she did, but he couldn’t bring himself to do it. 
Abby grabbed his hand and looked at the platinum band. “I gotta admit, I never thought I’d see the day you’d wear one of these.” She started to take it off his finger. “I guess you won’t need it anymore, since you guys are splitting.” 
She got the ring almost past his knuckle before he said, “Stop. I’m not ready to take it off yet.” 
“Why’s that, Dad? I thought you said it was too late for you guys to work things out?” 
He smiled as he shook his head. “When did you get so smart, kid?”
She laughed. “What’s that stupid old saying about the apple and the tree?” 
“Get outta here.” 
“Just in case you were wondering, your wife’s having a glass of wine by the pool. You know, in case you were thinking about getting some fresh air before you call it a night.” She walked toward the door. “I’m gonna turn in now.” She stretched her arms over her head and yawned. “I’ll be out for the rest of the night… wouldn’t be able to hear a thing…” 
He laughed as he threw a pillow at her. “I mean it, get out of here. Now!” 


Alisa assumed it was Abby coming out to keep her company when she heard someone open the French door behind her. “It’s such a beautiful night,” she said, tipping her head back to look up at the sky. “Look, there are at least a thousand stars out tonight. You’re too late to make a wish though. I already made mine.” 
“What did you wish for?”
She tried not to react when she realized it was Liam, not his daughter. “Oh, I didn’t realize it was you.” She reached for her wine glass. “I’ll go in and give you some privacy.” 
“Please, stay. It’d be nice to have someone to talk to for a while.” 
She brought the glass to her lips as she chastised herself for giving in to hope. Just because he was willing to have a civil conversation with her didn’t mean anything had changed between them. “Would you like a glass of—” She covered her mouth. “I’m sorry, I forgot.” 
“It’s okay, sweetheart. I have to get used to the fact things have changed.” He stretched out on the lounger next to her. “That’s not to say I won’t still be able to enjoy a glass of wine now and then, but I can’t go on pretending that I can keep living my life the way I have without suffering the consequences.” He tipped his head to look at her and his eyes fell to the hand wrapped around her crystal glass. “I hate the way your hand looks without my ring.” 
Her heart staggered when she saw the way he looked at her. Almost the same way he had that night in Barbados before everything went so horribly wrong. “People who are getting a divorce can’t go on pretending they’re married.” 
He held his left hand up to show her his wedding band. “I can’t take it off.” 
“You will… in time,” she whispered before taking a sip of wine. She closed her eyes, praying she could keep the tears in check. Sitting here with him, talking about the end of their marriage, was costing her so much, but she refused to relinquish her pride too. 
“What if I don’t want to?” 
“Liam, please.” She covered her mouth when a sob escaped her lips. 
“Ah, sweetheart,” he said, getting up and moving over to her chair. “I’m so sorry for everything I said. I was an idiot to think I could live without you.” 
Alisa buried her face in his shirt, unable to control the sobs wracking her body. She’d been through the emotional wringer this week and it was finally starting to take its toll. “You said you…” She tried to draw breaths in an inane attempt to control her sobbing. “Didn’t want me anymore.”
“Baby, ssshhh,” he said, stroking her hair. “I didn’t mean it. I was scared of losing you, of driving you away… Hell, I was scared of dying.” 
She sniffled and swiped at her damp cheeks as she looked up at him. “How do you feel now?” 
“I don’t know… That depends on how you feel.” He brought her hand to his lips. “You said you loved me, past tense. Does that mean you don’t anymore?” 
“How can you even ask me that? I’m here, aren’t I? Even though you said you wanted me to go, I stayed because I couldn’t bear to think of you being here, recovering without me.” 
“God, I love you so much,” he said, claiming her mouth in a fierce kiss. 
“I love you, too.” She pulled back, but continued to pepper his lips with gentle kisses. 
He reached into his pocket and pulled out the diamond rings she’d abandoned in Barbados. “Don’t ever do that to me again,” he whispered, sliding the rings back in place. “When I saw you take these off, God, I felt like I was gonna die.” 
“I’m sorry,” she whispered, kissing his neck. “I didn’t mean to hurt you, but—”
He stole her words with a kiss. “I’m the one who should be apologizing to you. Everything you said was true. I do need to take a step back, to figure out how to restructure my business so that it doesn’t run my life anymore.” He eased them back on the double lounger and rested her head on his chest. “I’ve been giving it some thought.” 
Alisa closed her eyes and listened to the steady beat of his heart, a heart that almost betrayed him and robbed them of the life they could have together. “Tell me what you’ve been thinking.” 
“I want to move to Tennessee.” 
Certain he must be joking, she started to laugh. “Yeah, right.” 
“I’m serious.” He started massaging her scalp. “I’ll never be able to get out from under this company if I don’t put some physical distance between myself and my head office. I’ve got an incredible executive team, including my brother. Most of them have been with me since the beginning, but I haven’t relinquished control and allowed them to challenge themselves. That’s gonna change, starting now.” 
Alisa couldn’t wipe the smile off her face if she tried. “I’m glad to hear you say that, but I know it won’t be possible for you to retire. You’d go crazy.” 
“You’re right about that.” 
“So, what are you gonna do?”
“For the past few years, we’ve been looking at getting into resorts. There’s a property in Costa Rica we’ve had our eye on.” 
“Go on.” 
“I’m going to make a serious bid on the property. If we get it, I’d like to shift my focus to the resort side of the business and let my team handle the hotels. I’d have to spend some time in Costa Rica, short term, putting my team together, but beyond that, I could work from anywhere.” 
“Including Nashville?”
“Including Nashville.” He kissed her forehead. “That is, if you think you could handle having me around all the time?” 
“I’d love it, but what about Abby? All of her friends are here, her grandmother, uncle…”
Liam sighed. “My baby girl’s growing up and I have to figure out how to deal with that. She’s been after me about this art school for over a year now. She got accepted last fall, but I wasn’t ready to let her go.”
Alisa could only imagine how difficult coming to terms with the fact that his little girl was growing up was for Liam. It gave her a hint as to what her own father must have been going through, watching her make so many mistakes. “Are you now… ready to let go?” 
He chuckled. “I’ll never be ready to let go, but I’ve finally come to terms with the fact that if I don’t let her do this, she may resent me years from now, and I know I couldn’t live with that. So, as hard as it might be for me, I’m gonna let her go to this school.” 
“I think you’re making the right choice,” she said, stroking his chest, knowing he needed reassurance from someone he trusted. “I saw the piece she’s working on earlier. She’s very talented.” 
“Ah, yes, surfer dude.” He laughed as he tipped his head back to admire the night sky. “That one’s probably my least favorite. It shows me how much better her technique is getting, but it also reminds me that it won’t be long before I’m not the guy she turns to anymore. There will be someone else she calls when she needs advice or wants to share good news or just needs a shoulder to cry on.” 
She reached up to kiss his stubbly cheek. “You’ll always be my first phone call, if that makes you feel better?” 
He ran his fingers through her hair before pressing a soft kiss to her lips. “I never thought I’d find someone like you, Alisa. On paper, there’s no way we should work, but being with you feels so right. I mean, lying out here with you, this is the first time this house has ever felt like my home.” 
“I love you,” she whispered. 
He grinned. “Say it again.” 
“I love you.” 
“I’m never gonna get tired of hearing you say that.” 
“Good, ‘cause I plan on telling you every day for the next forty or fifty years.” 
Liam flinched. “Baby, I wish I could promise you we have that many years together, but the reality is I’m a lot older than you, and in light of my recent health problems—”
She pressed her finger against his lip. “I don’t want to hear it. I’m going to make it my mission to make sure you take care of yourself, so we’ll have as much time as possible together. That means a healthy diet, exercise, limiting stress…” 
He cupped her bottom and raised an eyebrow. “What kind of exercise did you have in mind, sweetheart?”
She slapped his chest. “Behave yourself. We can’t even think about that until the doctor gives you the green light.” 
“He already did.” 
Her mouth fell open. “Seriously? So soon? Isn’t that dangerous?” 
“I can’t promise I’ll be able to rock your world tonight, but I’d give anything to show you how much I’ve missed you.” He traced the length of her neck with his tongue. “What do you say? You game?”
She was already breathless and writhing against him, but she’d never do anything to put him at risk. “Are you sure it’s okay with the doctor?” 
“I asked him specifically about sex.” 
“Why? We weren’t even together when you had your heart attack. Were you thinking about…” She didn’t even want to think it, much less say it. “Being with someone else?” 
He threaded his hands through her hair and tipped her head back. “You can’t be serious. Trust me, you’re the only one I want.” 
“I feel the same way.” Things were going so well, she was reluctant to even mention the issue that had led to their problems, but they couldn’t pretend it had never happened. “You believe that, don’t you?” 
“You’re thinking about Nick?” 
“No!” Her eyes fell to his chest when she could tell he was questioning her sincerity. “I was just thinking about what led to this… I don’t want you to question how I feel about you or us, ever. I can’t promise Nick won’t be an issue for us when we get back to Nashville, but I can promise you I’ll never let him come between us again.” 
“Neither will I.” He grazed her cheek with his lips. “I was a fool to let him mess with my head like that. No more. You’re my wife, and that’s the only thing that matters. Let him do his worst. I know it’s not going to change the way we feel about each other.” 
Knowing that Liam wasn’t going to let her ex get to him anymore gave Alisa a sense of peace she hadn’t felt since they took their vows. “I’m so glad to hear you say that.” 
Liam shifted to reach into the back pocket of his jeans. He withdrew an envelope. “Since I missed your birthday…” 
She smiled as she leaned forward. “What’s this?” 
He handed it to her. “Open it and find out.” 
She tore into the envelope, giggling with anticipation. The exterior pot lights running the length of the house barely provided enough light for her to make out the words, but she got the gist of it. “Oh my God, you did not!” 
He tucked a strand of hair behind her ear. “I did a little digging and found out you lease the building your store is in. That monthly payment represents a huge amount of your overhead.” He grinned. “Now that you own the building, it’s one less thing to worry about it.” 
She threw her arms around his neck, knocking him backwards. “Oh God, I’m so sorry,” she said when she remembered his precarious condition. 
“Baby, I’m fine, relax.” He smiled up her. “I just want you to be happy, Alisa. I’ll do anything and everything in my power to make that happen.” 
“I can’t believe you did this.” She glanced at the date on the papers. “You made this offer yesterday?” 
“Yeah. I called the guy from the hospital in Barbados, made him an offer he couldn’t refuse, and it was a done deal by midnight. My lawyer emailed me the paperwork this morning.” 
“But why? You and I were…” She didn’t even want to remind him of where they’d been. “In a bad place.” 
“I know.” He kissed her hand. “But I knew if you divorced me, you wouldn’t want anything from me. I figured this was the least I could do. Besides, I hated missing your birthday.” He pressed his lips to her palm. “When I woke up in that hospital, my first thought was of you and then I remembered you’d left me. I almost lost the will to fight in that moment.” 
“Don’t say that; don’t ever say that.” 
He closed his eyes. “I never wanted to fall in love, at least not like this.” 
“What do you mean?” 
“Giving your whole heart to someone is scary as hell. It gives them the power to destroy you. That’s what it did to me when you left, Alisa. It damn near destroyed me.” 
She knew how much it cost a man like Liam to be vulnerable, and she loved him even more for acknowledging his weakness where she was concerned. “Don’t you know it works both ways? When you said those things to me earlier…” 
“Please, don’t,” he whispered. “If I could take it all back, you know I would.” 
“But we can’t, can we? We can’t change anything, and you know, I wouldn’t want to ‘cause we’re here now and that’s the only thing that matters.” 
“I couldn’t agree more.” 
“So, shall we go in and tell your daughter her dream’s about to come true?” 
“That can wait until the morning.” He lifted her face with a finger under her chin. “Right now, I just want to make love to my wife.” 




Chapter Twenty 

Almost losing her made Liam appreciate everything about Alisa so much more. The fresh scent of her shampoo, the softness of her skin, the sweet slide of her tongue against his, the way she clutched him in her tight heat and rode him so gently, so exquisitely, he never wanted it to end. They’d spent the better part of the night making love, talking about the future, stealing kisses, holding each other, and in the bright light of morning, he still couldn’t get enough of her. 
He filled his hand with her full breast and kissed her neck as he pulled her tighter against him. His heart clenched, but this time, he knew it was an attempt to accommodate his love for the woman in his arms, the woman whose love had made his life complete. 
She giggled as she wiggled her bottom against him. “You’re insatiable.” 
“Just trying to make up for lost time, sweetheart. Let’s face it, we’ve been apart more than we’ve been together since we got married.” 
“Not for long.” 
He kissed her shoulder. “No, not for long. I want to make arrangements to go to Nashville later this week so we can start looking at houses.” 
“Are you sure you’re ready for that?” she asked, turning her head to look at him. 
“I’ll clear it with the doctor first.” 
“Won’t you have a lot of work to do, restructuring your business?” 
“There are a lot of things I’ll have to delegate; that’s for sure. I’ll still have to be involved, just not in the day to day operations.” 
She looked around the opulent master suite. “What are you going to do with this house?” 
“I’ll keep it.” He ran his hand down her stomach and an image of her full and round with his baby appeared, making him smile in anticipation of what was in store for them. “I’ll keep Mrs. Foster on to look after things. I’m sure Abby will want to spend some time here during summer vacation, and when we have to come back so I can attend meetings at the home office, we’ll have a place to stay. Sound like a plan?” From now on, he wanted to include her in every important decision he made about their future. 
“Sounds perfect.” 
“Good.” He lifted her hair so he had access to her neck. Pressing an open-mouthed kiss to the sweet spot that always made her moan, he slid a finger inside of her, groaning when he found her wet and ready to take him again. “No protection this time, sweetheart.” He felt her tense in his arms and cursed himself for trying to push her too hard, too fast. 
“Are you sure you’re ready for a baby?” 
“Definitely. Are you?” He kissed her cheek and was surprised when his lips came away moist from her tears. “Please don’t cry. If you’re not ready, we’ll wait. As long as it takes.” He reached into his nightstand for a condom, but she rolled over to stop him. 
“I don’t want to wait.” She straddled his waist, never taking her eyes off his as she descended on his shaft. She reached for his hands, using them to anchor her as she worked hard to take them both to the brink of bliss and back again. “I want to have your baby, Liam,” she whispered. 
He closed his eyes, trying to fight the urge to surrender to his release. He’d never loved a woman without protection, not even the night Abby was conceived, and feeling the woman he loved clenching him in her moist heat without a barrier between them, knowing she was ready to give him a baby he hadn’t even known he wanted until she came into his life, nearly sent him soaring over the threshold of control he prided himself on maintaining at all costs. “Yes, ah God, I…” 
“Let go,” she whispered, gliding her hands over his chest. “Come for me.” 
He grit his teeth. “Not until you’re ready, baby.” 
“I… uh…” She threw her head back as he grabbed her hips and forced her to ride out her orgasm before surrendering to his own. 
Her eyes locked with his as he throbbed and exploded inside of her. “I’m pretty sure the timing is right,” she whispered. “I hope that doesn’t scare you.” 
He pulled her down on top of him, not wanting her to move, ever. “If you get pregnant right now, that would make me the happiest man alive. If it takes a little more time, I’m okay with that, too.” His hands slid up and down her back. “I’m all for practicing, day and night, if we have to.” 
She laughed. “Awww, the sacrifices you’re willing to make to give me a baby. I’m touched.” 
Liam smacked her behind. “Never let it be said that I’m not a team player.” 
 

Alisa walked into the foyer to tell Liam breakfast was ready when she saw him scanning a document. Her eyes fell to the manila envelope in his hands and she knew instinctively what it was. “Oh God,” she whispered, flattening her hand against her stomach. 
He turned around to look at her and the anguish on his face was painfully obvious. “Divorce papers,” he said, holding them out to her. “You actually went ahead with it. You filed for divorce.” 
“I’m sorry” She reached out to take them from him. “I thought…” Her voice broke when she saw the look of resignation on his face. “Liam, please—”
He looked back at the pages he clenched in his trembling hand. When he stalked past her toward the kitchen, she ran after him, grateful his daughter was taking a swim so she didn’t have to witness this. 
“What are you doing?” Fear stole her breath when she saw him reach for a pen. “You can’t be serious. My God, Liam, we could’ve just made a baby together.”
He scribbled his signature on each of the lines her lawyer had indicated. 
“Why are you doing this?” When he failed to respond, the harsh reality began to sink in. He’d been stringing her along, pretending to love her so she would let her guard down and what… have sex with him again? It didn’t make sense. What had he hoped to gain? Revenge? She couldn’t think straight with those signed divorce papers staring her in the face. She had to get out of here, to try and right yet another wrong. 
“Where do you think you’re going?” he asked, following her to the front door. 
“To the drug store.” 
“What for?” 
“I need to take care of…” She threw the door open. “Forget it, I don’t owe you an explanation.” 
He grabbed her arm. “Yeah, you do. What the hell are you thinking?” 
“I need to get the morning after pill, okay?” Tears flowed freely now, but she didn’t have the energy to care anymore. He’d already seen her broken-hearted, but this would be the last time. She’d never let him or any other man do this to her again. “The last thing I need is a kid with a man who doesn’t want to be married to me anymore.”
“Baby, slow down,” he whispered, framing her face with his hands. “You’ve got it all wrong.” He lowered his head. “I’m not gonna deny seeing those papers hurt like hell, but I didn’t sign them because I want out of this marriage.” 
“What other reason—” 
He leaned into kiss her. “I signed them because I need to remember how much I stand to lose if I ever make the mistake of taking you and what we have for granted again.” 
“You mean you don’t want a divorce?” 
He smirked. “Seriously? After what just happened upstairs, you can even ask me that?” 
She leaned into him, weak with relief. “Oh my God, I was so scared when you signed those papers. I thought…” She drew a deep shuddering breath. “All kinds of crazy thoughts were going through my head. I thought you were trying to get even with me, that—”
“Ssshhh, it’s okay.” He held her tight. “I signed those papers because I want us to keep them.” 
“But—” 
“Trust me, they’ll serve as a constant reminder to both of us that this marriage is precious and it, like life, can be taken away from us in a split second.” He led her into the kitchen and handed her a pen. “Sign them?” 
“I can’t.” Her stomach lurched yet again. 
“I know it sounds crazy, but knowing how easy it would be to end it all will only serve to remind us that we need to work at this marriage every day, to make each other happy. We’ll tuck them away in the safe and never look at them again, okay?” He held the pen closer. “What do you say? Do you trust me?” 
Her hand trembled as she produced a shaky version of her married name on the lines beneath his signatures. She flattened her hand against her stomach. “Oh God, I feel sick. I can’t believe I let you talk me into this.” 
He reached out to pull her back against his chest as he pressed a kiss to her bare shoulder. “Now we promise each other that we’ll never, ever have reason to look at these papers again, okay?” 
She turned into his arms as she leaned her head against his chest. “Just seeing those signed papers is breaking my heart.” 
“Hey,” he said, tilting her face up to meet his. “I’m never, ever letting you go. But knowing that you have the power to end this marriage so easily will serve as insurance that I never do or say anything as stupid as I did yesterday. When I think of the things I said to you…” He dropped his head, touching his forehead to hers. “I hate myself.”
“Don’t, please.” She reached up to hold his face in her hands. “I don’t want to think about that anymore. It’s over.” 
Abby walked in just as Alisa uttered those words and her eyes immediately zeroed in on the papers lying on the counter. “I don’t believe this,” she said, glaring at her father. “You want to be alone for the rest of your miserable life, don’t you?” 
“Abigail, don’t—”
Alisa pressed a hand to her husband’s chest to halt his warning. “Honey, you don’t understand. Your dad and I—”
“Just because you’re determined to be unhappy doesn’t mean I have to be.” She ran past them. “I’m going to that school whether you like it or not. You can stay here and work yourself to death for all I care.” 
Liam reared back as though she’d struck him as Alisa reached out to seize her stepdaughter’s wrist. “Stop, you don’t understand. Your dad and I aren’t getting a divorce.” 
Her tear-filled eyes traveled between Alisa and Liam before she said, “But I heard you say it was over.” She pointed to the papers on the counter. “And what about those?” 
“Those are kind of an insurance policy,” Liam said, settling his hands on Alisa’s shoulders. “To ensure I’m the husband she deserves, every day for the rest of our lives.” 
Abby looked at him a long time before she asked, “Are you sure?” She bit her lip, looking uncertain. “How do I know you guys aren’t gonna change your mind again?” 
Alisa watched helplessly, knowing it must pain her husband to know how much their indecision had hurt his little girl. 
“Honey, the way I feel about Alisa is never gonna change. I can promise you that.” 
Abby pressed a hand to her chest as she sagged with relief. “Thank God, I was so sure you’d managed to screw this up.” 
Alisa laughed as she stroked Abby’s face. “We both almost managed to screw this up, but I think we’ve finally got our act together.” She held her arms out to Abby, feeling relieved when the teen didn’t hesitate to accept her offer of comfort. “Thank you for letting me into your lives, honey. I promise I won’t let you or your dad down, okay?” 
“I know you won’t,” she whispered, patting Alisa’s back. “I knew you were right for him from the first time he came home and told me about you. It just took you two a little longer to figure out what I already knew. You belong together. Period. End of story.” 
Alisa laughed as she pulled back and held Abby’s hands in her own. “I’m glad you think so.” 
“So, kiddo,” Liam said quietly, “I’ve—we’ve decided to make some changes.” He took a deep breath. “I’m going to be cutting back at work and moving to Nashville to be with Alisa.” 
“Oh, I, oh…” 
Alisa could tell Abby’s smile was forced and it pained her to see the girl she’d come to care so much about looking so dejected, believing everyone else was getting everything they wanted, except for her. 
“That’s great. I’m happy for you, both of you.” 
“I’ve been giving a lot of thought to that art school,” Liam said. 
Abby’s big, dark eyes widened with excitement. “You have? Seriously?” 
“Yeah. And Alisa and I have decided you should go; that is, if you still want to?” 
She launched herself at her father and he stumbled backwards, laughing at her enthusiasm. 
“Easy,” Alisa said, joining in their laughter. “Your father’s still recovering from a heart attack, remember?” 
Abby pulled back to look at him. “I’m so sorry about what I said to you earlier, Dad. If anything ever happened to you—”
“Ssshhh,” he said, holding her tight against his chest. “I don’t even want you to think about that. Nothing’s going to happen to me. I can’t let it, especially since Alisa and I might have a new baby to care for very soon.” 
Alisa was shocked that he’d mentioned that to his daughter so soon. “Liam, maybe—”
“Oh my God,” Abby said, looking at her stepmother. “You’re pregnant?” 
“No!” Alisa said quickly. “At least I don’t think I am, but I’d like to be. Are you okay with that, honey? I know it’s just been you and your dad for a long time, and I don’t want you to feel as though I’m trying to take him away from you or that a new baby would in any way change the way he feels about you. You’re the center of his world, and you always will be. You need to know that.” 
Abby gave her a quick hug. “No, we’re both the center of his world now, and I wouldn’t want it any other way.” She hooked her finger over her shoulder, gesturing to her father. “Let me tell you, as far as fathers go, this guy is the best. Your baby is going to be one lucky kid to have him… to have both of you as parents.” 
Alisa giggled as she wiped away the tear sliding down her cheek. “God, I’m such a mess.” 
Liam drew Alisa into his side and pointed his finger at his daughter. “Okay, about this new school, there are gonna be some rules.” 
She rolled her eyes. “I knew there would be.” 
“Be quiet and listen to me.” He smirked when he got her attention. “I expect you to come to Nashville for every break and we’ll be visiting New York at least one weekend a month to check up on you. Understood?”
“Yeah, sure.” She looked around the gourmet kitchen. “I gotta admit, I’m gonna kinda miss this place, though. It’s the only home I’ve ever known.” 
He leaned in to kiss her forehead. “I know that, baby. I’d never sell this place. If you want to come back here and spend some time in the summer, we’ll make that happen.” He looked down at Alisa. “Won’t we?” 
“Absolutely.” 
“That’d be great,” Abby said, grinning. “I can’t believe this is really happening.” She started bouncing up and down with excitement. “Can I go call my friends? Oh, and Colin? He’s not gonna believe this.” 
Liam groaned. “Yeah, go ahead.” When his daughter ran out of the room and up the stairs, he pulled his wife into his arms. “Please tell me I’m doing the right thing.” 
“You know you are,” she said, looping her arms around his neck. “This will be good for her. I went away to school when I was her age and it really helped me to cut the ties, to my daddy especially.” She laughed when he pouted. 
“But I’m not ready to cut the ties. She’s still my little girl.” 
She stroked his face and gently said, “She’s not a little girl anymore, honey. She’s a young lady and you’re just going to have to get used to that.” 
“I don’t want to.” 
She laughed at his insolent tone as she guided his hand to her flat stomach. “With any luck, this time next year, you’ll get to start all over again with another little boy or girl.” 
He grinned. “I can’t wait.” 




About the Author 

To learn more about this author or other books in the Nashville Nights or Next Generation series, visit www.cheryldouglasbooks.com 

To sign up for email notification of new releases, visit the ‘New Releases’ page of the website.  

To comment on this book or ask the author a question, you can email her at
info@cheryldouglasbooks.com

You can also visit Cheryl on Facebook at 
www.facebook.com/cheryldouglasbooks

Please consider leaving a review for this book, or other books in the series at 
www.amazon.com

Thank You 




Coming Soon 
Book Two – Trade Off 
Professional hockey player, Aiden Cooper, should be happy. He’s been traded to Nashville. But going home also means he has to face the truth. The love of his life is married to his former best friend and new teammate, and there’s not a damn thing he can do about it. 
When Sela Clarke finds out her former boyfriend, Aiden Cooper, is finally coming home, she panics. How can she pretend she’s still in love with her husband when the only man she’s ever loved is bound to uncover the lie that tore them apart? 
Release Date – November 2012 

Special Edition – Holiday Homecoming 
The Turner’s are hosting a Christmas gathering for their closest friends and family when an expected event forces them to pull together and help one of their own through a crisis. Will tragedy strike, forcing Trey Turner to face his worst nightmare, or will this holiday be the one that helps them all to heal? 
Release Date – November 2012 

Book Three – Game On 
When Brianna Cooper accepts a position with the legal team at Titan Records, she knows what to expect. She’s been friends with V.P. of Operations, Ryan Spencer, since they were kids. He’ll try and talk her into skipping out early and taking long lunches… it’s a good thing she’s immune to his charm. 
Ryan Spencer has earned his reputation as a ladies man. He loves everything about them, so much so that he’s never been able to limit himself to just one. But when every guy in the office starts talking about the gorgeous new lawyer with the killer smile, it makes Ryan wonder how he can convince Brianna his days of playing the field are over. 

Book Four – Burn Out   
As the President of Titan Records, Evan Spencer knew he had big shoes to fill when his father, Luc, retired and awarded him the top spot. Fifty hour work weeks turned into eighty hours and his girlfriend, Erika, gave him an ultimatum… either he make their relationship a priority or she’s leaving him. He doesn’t expect her to follow through on her threat, until she does. 
Erika Carlton knew his ex-boyfriend, Evan, would be at their friend’s wedding in the Bahamas. One week in a tropical paradise with her ex could be torture. It’s a good thing her new boyfriend is there to act as a buffer. 
Evan has a plan. He has seven days and seven nights to prove to Erika that he’s willing to do whatever it takes to salvage their relationship. But when she shows up with a new man, Evan realizes he’s going to have to step up his plan or risk losing her forever. 

Book Five – Fast Track 
Teacher and part-time artist, Anna McCall, is sweet, shy, and reserved. Living in her famous father’s shadow is exhausting, which is why she decides to get away from it all for a while. She retreats to their family beach house for the summer, intent on painting, reflecting, and regrouping after a messy break-up. She’s revelling in the peace and tranquility until a famous race car driver moves in next door intent on invading her sanctuary. 
Justin Hunt has one goal this summer, to forget the past year of his life ever happened and if it takes a group of rowdy jocks, loud music, kegs of beer, and bikini-clad women to help him forget, so be it. Too bad his new neighbor seems intent on spoiling his fun by distracting him from his mission.  

Book Six – Time Out 
Rancher Nick McCall loves the simple life. Wide open spaces, clean country air, and sweet down-home girls. But when his mother asks him to entertain their new house guest, a TV personality with a penchant for bad boys, he’s wondering if it might be time to add a little spice to his life. 
Megan Moore moved from Los Angeles to Nashville to accept a job on a country music network, but she misses dating movie stars and riding around in limousines. She promises her new agent, Avery McCall, she’ll stick it out for the remainder of her one year contract, but she intends to be on the first plane back home a minute after her contract expires. 
Nick knows Megan’s only in Nashville for a short time, but that doesn’t mean they can’t have a good time.  

Book Seven – Face Value 
Real estate developer, Lauren McCall, needs a new contractor yesterday. Someone who’s good, fast, and reliable, but her only option seems to be her friend’s deadbeat ex-husband. According to her friend, he’s a skirt chasing, beer drinking, loser who’d rather play pool than play with his kids, but desperate times call for desperate measures, so Lauren gives him the job. She just hopes she doesn’t live to regret it. 
Tucker Brooks knows his new boss doesn’t like him, and he doesn’t much care. He knows his ex-wife will spew her venom to anyone who’ll listen, and if Lauren’s naïve enough to believe everything she hears, so be it. He’s determined to show up for work, get the job done, and avoid the boss lady as much as possible. If only she’d stay the hell out of his dreams. 

Book Eight – Blown Away 
Ava Cooper owns a successful Internet dating site. Her life’s work is to connect people and hope they’ll fall in love, but she isn’t looking for her soul mate. On the contrary, she’s a busy professional with a full life. She has a great family, friends, and a cute little dog who follows her wherever she goes. When she gets a private message from a man who’s intrigued by her profile, she’s knows her assistant, Tara, is to blame. She’s determined to help her boss find a man, apparently against her will. Ava insists she isn’t interested, but if this guy looks anything like his picture, he’s bound to be someone’s Mr. Right. 
When architect, Brent Armstrong’s, brother emailed him a link to a dating website, he thought he was just giving him grief again, but when Ava`s picture appeared on his screen, he couldn’t breathe. He knew that woman. For days he tried to get her image out of his head, but when that didn’t work, he decided to swallow his pride and send her a private message, hoping she`d remember him. When hours turned into days, he had a choice to make. Should he let it go, or give her a friendly reminder of the night she rocked his world?
